Even the spring roll was dry and unappetizing. Maybe I ordered the wrong dish. Peanut sauce veggies and tofu came with no veggies whatsoever. Tossed most of it in the garbage.笑
Great value, good food at great prices and its always, always, consistently good. We eat there twice a month. Better than any other Thai take-out around.笑
This place is hard to find if you're not looking for it. It's behind the Wendy's and Petro Canada in the corner plaza.

From the outside this place looks quite tacky. The sign and name of the restaurant screams generic, cheap Asian food. When you walk inside it's like a whole different feeling. It's quite nicely decorated and neatly designed. They have a full bar too. I like their black table and chairs surrounded by wood paneling around the restaurant. It's simple and almost classy.

They prepare many types of Asian stir fried foods and as I skimmed their menu their Bangkok Street Style Pad Thai ($12.40 tax in) caught my eye. 

I've only had street style pad thai in 2 places - one being Khao San Road and the other being Khao San Road lol. To clarify, I mean "Khao San Road" restaurant in Toronto and street pad thai in Thailand. They are both just amazing!

Asian Fusion's version is not far off from great. You get a lot of food for $12.40 (enough for 2 meals). Their noodles were chewy (al dente?) and not over cooked, just the way I like them. The chicken was plentiful and juicy. It came with a few bean sprouts, onions, a side of peanuts, a lime wedge, and green onions. It also had these tiny discs of delicious deep fried green onion that had a crunchy and chewy texture that made the dish very interesting. Although they kind of felt out of place, the green onion discs were a pleasant surprise (that I just ruined for you). Now the sauce that brings everything together is a tomato and soy saucy sauce that was great but a bit too salty for me. That's the only thing that's holding this dish from being great is it being too salty!

From this one dish, I wouldn't mind trying this place again and seeing what else they have to offer. Try it out if you're in the area looking for some Asian Fusion food. 

Check out the photos, I've included a snippet of their menu.