First of all, I am so very happy that people in the west valley have an all vegan eatery at their disposal.  This location is in a strip mall so there's lots of parking. The building is new, clean, and has a lovely outdoor patio area.

As most of us know, although Loving Hut is an international chain, each Loving Hut is individually owned, with some owners having multiple locations. This being said, I try to keep that in mind when trying a new location, because the menus vary based on ownership. I try...

On to the food...

SPICY CHA CHA $9.50 - Regardless of ownership, most U.S.A. location tend to sell this popular dish.  At one of my favorite local LH's (a different location), this dish comes with sauce (including a tartar sauce option) and your choice of fries or steamed veggies.  At this location, neither the sauce or a side is included. It was an additional $3.75 for a side of plain ole fries, and $0.75 for sauce. In total, this dish ended up being $5 extra dollars (compared to other LHs).


MONGOLIAN WONDER $9.25 - After a lot of indecisiveness, I ended up getting the Mongolian Wonder. I was asked if I wanted white or brown rice. I choose brown rice. I was not informed that it would be an additional charge (my favorite LH includes rice), but it was... $1.50 extra.  I was not a fan of the flavor. I've had this dish elsewhere and it was delightful, but not here. It was lacking and underwhelming.

GOLDEN WONTONS $5 - The fried wontons were perfect. Crispy, golden, and deliciously tasty. They, by far, were the best part of the experience. 

I had been here once before and tried their baked cheesecake, which is pretty good as well.


CUSTOMER SERVICE
The young lady (with awesome pink hair) who took my order at the counter was very nice and patient with us as we made our decisions. I never felt rushed or that she was annoyed.  There was a different girl who brought our food, and I was not a fan of how she kept reaching over our food.  There was an older gentleman who kept coming up front, and I was not a fan of him sneezing and not covering his mouth (he bowed his head but never covered his mouth). 

This location offers vegan gyros, which I haven't seen at other locations.  I want to try those, but I don't see myself making the 45 min to an hour drive back out there for OK food and nickel and dime practices.

It always pains me to give lower stars to vegan restaurants, but honestly, the fact that they are 100% vegan is the only reason the rating isn't lower.Ǿ
Dream come true! So happy to have a vegan restaurant in this bland chain restaurant packed area. Love the freshness and variety here. I always get the fresh carrot apple juice and a slice of carrot cake. The burgers, soups, and spring rolls are my top choices. Friendly, great customer service and guilt-free vegan good. A welcome haven for vegans like me and a great change of pace for carnivores or health/earth conscience folks looking to eat a healthy feel-good meal. Seriously try this place out, it proves vegan food is amazing!Ǿ
This restaurant was so delicious. The food was fresh and light. We had the spring rolls,  pho, vegetable fried rice and arigato sushi. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.i would definitely recommend trying the food..Ǿ
So happy to see a vegan restaurant here on the west side.  We come from 83rd & Bell to eat here.  This is our second of many future meals here. No meat, no gmo & yet organically delicious!Ǿ
Absolutely amazing food!  The portions are a good size and the flavors are fabulous!  I have been here several times now with friends.  None of us are vegan. 
We do plan to go often.  We want to make sure that we try everything on the menu.  
The downside?  Service is absolutely horrible.  It is always the same server, possibly the only one, and she is not improving one bit.  It is also very strange/odd that if you order coffee, you have to pay extra to get "creamer."  This is ridiculous.Ǿ
Absolutely delicious! We ordered the Spicy Kung Pao ("chicken"), Spicy Cha Cha ("shrimp), the brown rice with Thai basil and the Golden Strips ("chicken"). It was all very good. I didn't expect the rice to be as delicious as it was. Service was fast and they were friendly. Great experience.Ǿ
Royal noodle, sushi and jasmine tea. So filling and delicious. Very large portions, should have only ordered one or the otherǾ
Let me start off by saying I love their food and really do recommend this place. Everything I've had is delicious, and their large menu is impressive. Plus, it's vegan. More vegan restaurants, especially on the west side of the valley, are needed.

But why do they brag on their menu about being willing to add protein, veggies, etc. to dishes yet are actually unwilling to actually do so? I tried to substitute tofu for the soy protein in the Noble Broccoli because I like it better that way. The cashier had no idea if this was possible, so she asked a man in the back (I think he owns the place--I see him there all the time, and he was previously nearly unwilling to take out onions and add carrots to the same dish but did allow it that time). The man said no, so the cashier came back and said that's not possible. If I'd been gluten-free, would that have been possible?

Anyway, then I asked I could just replace onions with carrots, but again, she didn't know, so she went in the back to ask. And again, she came back saying no, so the man came out that time too and explained to me that this dish is the traditional Mongolian preparation, so they don't want to switch anything out. I told him that he's done it for me before, and he said that maybe he did then, but they don't want to now. It didn't matter if I had allergies--it was just a straight-up no.

Needless to say, I was not impressed at all. I certainly don't want to trash a vegan restaurant in a review because the world needs more vegan restaurants, but be prepared to be unable to eat a meal the way you'd like it made.Ǿ
Loving Loving Hut. So glad to have this gem of an eatery around the corner. The food is made to order and is said to be 100% vegan (they even have a sign asking not to bring in outside food in order to maintain the vegan integrity).  I've tried the Mongolian,  Vermicelli, Sweet and Sour, Happy Crispy Burger, Boba tea, and Carrot cake. EVERYTHING has been tasty and enjoyable.  The carrot cake is amazing!  This a definite place to become a regular. Only draw back is there is a 5% surcharge for to go orders, but hey, so what, enjoy the opportunity to have a seat and eat in!Ǿ
The location is great, and there is lots of parking! The food is GREAT! The only issue is that every time I go the lady who takes our order cant get it right! She has issues with orders, receipts, giving us a number and you name it!! BUT the food is AMAZING!Ǿ
I'm so excited to have a Loving Hut closer to my home! This new location did not disappoint. The sweet and sour and Mongolian dishes were really great. Large portions and delicious sauces. The golden roll appetizer was perfect as well. My non-vegan husband really enjoyed his food and we both left full and happy. Even took red velvet cake to go:)Ǿ
Great variety of foods from American to Greek to Asian. I ordered the Texas BBQ Gyro. Although it wasn't a very authentic gyro, it tasted great!!

Will definitely be back try more!Ǿ
Excellent spot for vegan dining! Clean, tasty, delicious and superb service! My wife and I have been hoping that more vegan options were available in Avondale and we were extremely pleased with the Loving Hut. For vegans or carnivores alike, their food is the best, fresh and full of flavor. We'll be coming back for more soon enough!Ǿ
I've never had such a terrible experience at a place that I had such high hopes for. I was extremely happy to find a vegan restaurant near me and when I ordered with a man and I asked him for "save the curry" with a side of brown rice, spring rolls and a smoothie with strawberry and mango. When my rolls came out they were great but later when my curry came out it wasn't at all what I expected it was a plate of fried rice with appeared to be some sort of chicken-like topping.  The lady who served me said it was her second day and she didn't take the order so I would have to talk to the person in charge, the man I originally ordered from. He said that's what he understood I ordered so it's not his fault. I told him I wasn't blaming anyone it's just not what I wanted and if he could just make me what I wanted, I brought up the picture of the menu and showed them what I wanted, he said no I had to eat what they brought me or pay for a new order. I said I hadn't even touched the food and didn't want it he said "oh well, that's not fair to make us make you food again you already have food there nothing wrong with it". I told him to just give me my money back then and he refused. He said no I'm not because there's nothing wrong with the food just go sit down and eat it! I said no it's not what I wanted or ordered and I have to go find somewhere to eat now and to please return my money. He attempted to repeatedly argue and treat me like a child and began to raise his voice in front of everyone. I didn't want to cause more of a seen but I actually did need my money so I stayed there until he finally agreed to return my money and said to never come back to the restaurant again. Which is when I asked for his name and he said it was Harry and he was in charge and never wanted me there again and started to yell at me. But I was just humiliated at how he treated me, wasn't able to taste their food but I can at least tell you the man in charge is a terrible person who lacks respect.Ǿ
This is a new place and we're giving it a "thumbs up" for best in class. Took my favorite vegan hippie for late lunch last Friday and, not being vegan myself, was very pleasantly surprised at the selection. I happen to like Pho, which is hard to find in LP, and so I had try the vegan Pho (apparently this in not an oxymoron). It was excellent, and I ended up taking half of it home because the serving was so large. We also had spring rolls, and they were crispy fresh and perfectly assembled. There were two large rolls on the order, cut in half. My favorite hippie had fried rice, and she ate every last bit. We tried two of the four vegan desserts: flan and cheesecake. Both were very good, vegan or not. The food also got a nod from the 11-month-old mini hippie who sampled all. Definitely a great change of pace, located near some serious competition. The unique menu and wide variety will be their advantage. We'll be back to try some different items. With the grand opening discount and drinking just water we spent about $25 with dessert and a tip. Service was attentive, but we were alone due the off-hour so can't say how they would due at peak times.Ǿ
Decided to try this location put since we had a groupon. The spring rolls and thai curry was delicious. My companion ordered  the sweet and sour and didn't  enjoy the overwhelmingly  sweet flavor. It had more pineapples than tofu. We also ordered the cheesecake and red velvet. Unfortunately, later they told us the cheesecake was not available  but the red velvet was really good! Will certainly come back.Ǿ
This is my first time at Loving Hut and eating Vegan. It was good. I will probably be back if my vegetarian employees want to come again. The service was great and the food is made to order, so I can take awhile for it all to come out if you have a large party. I ordered the pad Thai. It was good, but they used the wrong type of noodle. The noodle in my dish was more for pad see yu instead of pad Thai (which is a thin noodle). Still good.Ǿ
My new favorite place! We have been in a few times now and so good! I love there Mongolian beef with veggies and there Thai tea is so delish!  I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone and love that all the food is healthy and non gmo!Ǿ
Today was my first time going to Loving Hut in Litchfield Park and I was blown away by how good the food is, how great the customer service is, and how well priced everything is. I'm not vegan, but I try to do my best in substituting things when I can and make better conscious choices about what I eat, but I truly feel if there were more restaurant like this, it would help end some of the "stigma" of being vegan or vegetarian because so many people are so ignorant to it. This proves that vegan food is flavorful, wonderful, and a really realistic substitute for meat when cooked right. I cannot wait to go back again and try more, and I hope this can show people that not only is being vegan beneficial for the planet, but also that vegan food is amazingly good too!Ǿ
A great vegan place in this local area, we will be coming here regularly while we're here on vacation.Ǿ
Tried this place tonight. I placed an order online on my phone for pick up. Their website and ordering was user friendly and quick. When I shows up 10-15 minutes later, it was super hot and ready.  The man and woman that works in there are kind and we're happy to serve me. I got the spicy pad thai and the spring rolls. It was DELICIOUS.  Highly recommend!!Ǿ
Omg so good! We need more places like this in the far West Valley. Small place, bright, super clean, very friendly staff! The food is amazing. Mainly Asian Vegan, but other options as well. Very well executed. If you want to see places like this make it in the West Valley, please come support them! This is a short bike ride from my house... Would love to see this place thrive!Ǿ
After asking what all the different "meats" were they had I got the spicy pad Thai and yum!! Definitely recommend this place. Nice to have something different around here!Ǿ
Delicious, nutritious, and clean as can be! The great thing about this place is even if you're not vegan- you can enjoy anything on the menu. You probably won't even notice the difference other than you'll feel energized and satisfied after a meal here.
I recommend the curry and I love the avocado boba! Yummy yummyǾ
Yum! My goal is to try everything on the menu at least once.  I highly recommend the Pho (pronounced Fuh). This is my go-to on a cold day or if I think I'm coming down with something. I love the WonTons but not as much as the Spring Rolls, the Golden Nuggets are just like chicken nuggets and are a great choice for kids. Mongolian Wonder is just that a wonder!  Golden Beauty was chewy chicken like dish, this dish would be best served with something on the side besides lettuce. You can't go wrong with the Loving Hut patty as a sub for a hamburger, my next try is that Happy Crispy which was served near me and looked like a thick chicken sandwich. Two sisters have worked each time we've gone, always polite & helpful. We will be regulars!Ǿ
I'm an omnivore through and through, but love to indulge in vegan cuisine from time to time. No matter how carnivorous you are, something about a light, plant-based meal can really hit the spot. 

Tucked into a plaza is a region sorely needing some variety, Loving Hut has reached Litchfield Park to meet all your fast-casual vegan needs. It's basically Chinese-American food, but with high quality meat substitutes as well as veggie dishes that really won't break the bank. 

I absolutely enjoyed the Mongolian Wonder and will fight the urge to not just order the same thing every time. I also liked the sweet and sour 'chicken' dish. Good stuff. I finished it all off with a glass of fresh carrot-apple juice, which I believe had some ginger added as well. This was a quality meal overall, and I'd go out of my way to visit again. 

I think what sticks with me the most was both the service, which was courteous and informative, and the vision of the business itself. They're really into advocacy for a vegan lifestyle because of the environmental as well as health benefits. They're not into being trendy or holier-than-thou like I've seen from other vegan spots, but just genuinely trying to make the world a tasty and more friendly place. 

If you're reading this, just think about the energy and water you'll save by going meatless for one lunch. Like, don't think I'm trying to convince you to change your life, because I won't, but it wouldn't hurt if we all did it every once in a while. Also, this food is bomb AF so really what do you have to lose?Ǿ
There aren't many restaurants that cater to Vegans in the area. I was excited to find this place. The  food was amazing! They provide excellent customer service too. It's a win win situation.Ǿ
Yum! We had dinner here and ordered sushi ,Mongolian  dish , soup , flan and cheesecake. I'm on an allergy free diet so I had many options :) and felt guilt free eating.. people are nice too there will definitely be going back.Ǿ
Words can not express how calming the atmosphere is, how friendly the staff is and how DELICIOUS the food is! One of the owners (I assume) saw me looking at the wall of famous Vegans and engaged in such an inspirational conversation about how  being a Vegan is sooooo healthy. She was not pushy, or preachy. Very sincere and passionate! This is my go-to spot and I'm not even Vegan!Ǿ
Delish & fresh healthy, vegan restaurant in the West Valley.

Cute, vegan restaurant tucked in a strip mall. The inside is bright & cheery.

You can order online, take away or eat in. Super convenient. 

I order the golden nuggest, BBQ cheeseburger & cake slice. Service is pretty quick and the staff is friendly.Ǿ
3rd time here and i love the food ,they take their time but it's worth it ,the bbq bean burger is a must and also the the loving  hut Patty with fried mushrooms and onions, I'm planning to try more dishes.Ǿ
Was excited to see a "plant based" (I'm not Vegan) restaurant in the area so we gave it a try. Food was pretty good but we chose the wrong thing. Should have went for one of the tasty looking veggie dishes which we seen our neighbors eating next to us. We both had Pho and while it wasn't bad, it wasn't nearly as good as the real beef Pho we have at the vietnamese restaurants.

We'll definitely be back and try more on the menu. I hope people support this place.Ǿ
Never ate in a Vegan restaurant until now & this is a winner! I'm hooked on Vegan because of this place. I had their Vegan Mongolian Beef was so delicious I wish I had the recipe! My Vegan friend also liked their dish which looked like breaded shrimp but was ohh so good. The restaurant was clean & cheery with  plenty of free parking. My advice: TRY IT!Ǿ
Wide variety of great tasting vegan menu options, quick service (usually), and friendly staff:  Perfect!

The desserts are simply spectacular--how do they do it?!?

Highly recommended.

Visit and you'll be impressed!Ǿ
First time visiting this place and enjoyed it very much. I recently cut meat out of my diet and am working up to plant based diet only. This place was able to show me it can be done and it's good.Ǿ
My family and I have been huge fans of the Loving Hut for many years now and although we live in the West valley, we've always driven to the 36th st and Indian School location because yes, it's THAT good. We are so happy that they finally made it out west and have some of our favorites here as well such as the Spicy Cha Cha and awesome fried rice options. We tried their BBQ Rolls and they were to die for!!! They have amazing burgers and desserts too. Being vegan, we know how hard it is to find great dining options on the west side so we're truly delighted that the Loving Hut is sooo close to home now!Ǿ
First time here and loved it! Had the Golden Wontons and Pho which were both delicious. The dipping sauce that came with the wontons was sooo good. Mock beef in Pho was good, i was pleasantly surprised. The soup was HUGE! The hibiscus tea was freakin amazing! (Wished they offered a discounted rate for refills or something since they dont do free refills) I will definitely be back to this place. Coming here makes transitioning to Vegan easy!!!

P.S. "Grandma" was in the kitchen cooking so you know the food is good!!!Ǿ
One of the top places I've been to, great and friendly service, the food is too good to not finish, can't beat the prices, don't even get me started on the drinks! Most certainly coming back ( been there too many times to count) and of course recommend it to others ^.^Ǿ
I wasn't too impressed with this location. Given, the employees might be new, but they had almost no product knowledge and couldn't tell me what was in most of the dishes. Additionally, I waited upwards of twenty minutes for my entree (a to-go order). It wasn't too busy, and after waiting, they brought my meal out on a plate to eat in-house. After explaining that I ordered my meal to go, they continued to bring my appetizer and coffee as if I were eating there. I politely reminded them again that my order was to go. 

On the plus side, their food never disappoints. I wasn't impressed with their won ton appetizer, but my coffee and entree were on point. I would return to try their service again, since I went when this location was new.Ǿ
Is the food good? Yes, I'm very satisfied with my first experience there. Tastes good, big portions. 

I ordered the 'brownie' gyro. Turns out, 'brownie' (the type of protein) is a brisket textured meat-substitute glazed with a tangy, mild BBQ sauce. The order also comes with one of three sides, and I chose the fries (came out hot and unsalted, with a dish of ketchup). The greens that are also in the Gyro are dressed and taste good as well. 

But is the gyro authentic? No. But, the menu is huge and I can imagine why the gyro is composed the way it is. 

I also had a Thai Iced Tea. It had too much soy milk for my taste, making the Tea underneath it harder to enjoy. It came premixed, so one probably couldn't get the tea without the soy milk.Ǿ
Yay! A vegan place in the West Valley! We thought the good here was better than the Glendale location. The Mongolian wonder dish was  very good. The fresh spring rolls were good too! Our kids enjoyed the sweet and sour dish. The staff were very friendly. We will be back soon and often!