I have been to Zoe's kitchen a couple of times and on most occasions leave pretty satisfied. It is a Mediterranean chain that offers up your standard fare of kabobs, hummus and such. 

They have a wide selection of menu items for meat eaters and vegetarians ranging from soups, salads, and pita wraps to larger entrée style orders. They also offer an under 500 calorie menu as well as a gluten free menu which is nice for celiac sufferers or for people who omit gluten from their diet. My only complaint is the amount of added salt to the vast majority of their dishes. But I suppose that is to be expected when you are eating out. 

Overall I recommend Zoe's kitchen for a casual lunch or dinner and to families eating out. You can also place your to go order online and pay in full before you pick up!笑
Fast casual chain with healthy Mediterranean type food. You order at the counter, take your number and find a seat. The food is then brought to you. Both the Mediterranean chicken dish and Mediterranean chicken pita were delicious. 

For the price and quality this place is great. Two people eating here and our bill was $20 for a filling, healthy meal. I would eat here all the time if there were one in my city.笑
Absolutely delicious! Came here for the first time tonight and we will definitely be back. My sister and I both had the Steak Stack sandwiches, my husband had the Chicken Kebabs and my other daughter had the Chicken Salad and Fruit plate.

First, the customer service was amazing. Since it was our first time there, we took extra time looking over the menu trying to decide what we were going to have. The gentleman at the desk was so patient and explained to us that pretty much anything could be customized so if we wanted to add something or take something away or change something they were more than accommodating.

As we were waiting for food, the gentleman happened overhear my sister mention that she loves slaw but had ended up ordering the roasted veggies as her side. When he brought us our meal, he brought her some extra slaw so that she try it - it was so unique with great flavor. 

Everything was absolutely delicious! Fresh, tasty, reasonably priced and with the added benefit of wonderful customer service... We will definitely be back!笑
Not really 4 stars. But...not really 3 stars. Walk In. Order. Get your number. Sit and wait for food. Eat. Yup.  Clean. Nothing fancy. It is the all familiar format. Moves quick. Order the Greek chicken pita featuring...yes chicken!  Very dry chicken. Lettuce, tomatoes, feta, cooked sweet onions. Ok. The best part of the meal...white beans. Beans with oregano. Really enjoyed that. Real dishes. Real cutlery. I like that.  Wish we did not have paper cups for our drinks.笑
Great fresh food. Super humus trio. Great service, clean restaurant. The quinoa salad is huge and has a great flavor! Love it all笑
So I order the grilled veggie kabobs with side greek salad. The kabobs could not have been in the grill for more than 15 seconds. The veggies were cold and raw. 100% raw. 
There wasn't a trace of feta on the Greek salad.  I guess that makes it an eek salad. 

I was not up to complaining as we had not eaten all day and I didn't want to have to wait for my meal while my husband's entree was getting cold. 
What a major disappointment.  I wanted to like Zoe's but this is not the first time our order was a miss.  No wonder why this place is always empty. 
Fail.笑
Always a great choice for healthy clean eats! I had the special menu grilled chicken slaw pita with side Greek salad. My wife had the new quinoa salad. Outstanding笑
Happened to just stroll upon this place looking for some gluten free options while my sister was in town. We had a variety of salads, sandwiches and kids meals and all was great!  Will be back!笑
The Greek salad is delicious! So is the pesto hummus. I get them both every time I go.笑
At first, I was prepared for a "meh, it's food" experience because the menu seemed plain in its description. I ordered the chicken orzo soup, and red pepper hummus...again, wasn't expecting much. My husband ordered the chicken and slaw pita with pasta salad. MIL ordered a pick 2, Greek salad and chicken salad sandwich. My son got the kids chicken quesadilla. 3 limades. Oh my word, I was surprised. The limeade was hands down the best limade I have ever had. The pitas were fantastic!! Their Greek dressing is amazing. I didn't try the chicken salad. My soup was great. And after trying my husband's sandwich, I had him order me one. Though my son did not eat his food, it was surprisingly good for a kids meal item. I will definitely be going back!! It was worth every penny  (and that limade!)笑
First time to this place. It was in between lunch and dinner so there was hardly anyone there. Interior is slightly worn. You get in line and order off the menu boards behind the counter. Food was good, soup was fab! After ordering you get a number and choose your own table. A server will deliver you food to your table. I recommend this place for winter in Phoenix!笑
Met up with a friend for lunch. I had the tuna wrap. Light and refreshing. On the recommendation of Yelpers my bf had the  steak kabobs- he thought they were fantastic and hopes to recreate them at home. I may have stolen a piece of steak or three. Service was friendly, steady stream of  customers. Will return.笑
There salmon kabobs are one of my favorite things here. Every time i bring someone to try it, their hooked. Always clean and organized.笑
Food is good.  Service is spotty.  The last time we ordered, we got our food home only to realize they gave us all wrong side dishes.  When I called to complain, I didn't get an apology or even offered the correct food to make up for it.  All I was given was excuses and then told that I should have known better to order in a very specific way!笑
I've been a fan of this place since 2008, I moved away a couple of years ago and missed the food. They just opened this new location close to home. I'm surprised it wasn't busier although it was a Monday night. The food is still very good but prices are higher but they are everywhere these days and I say it's worth it for fresh healthy "faster" food. The staff is friendly and helpful. I hope this place does well and stays in the area fire a long time. Download their app and get free items.笑
Nothing special. I pick one of the items pictured on their menu. The Spinach Roll-up with chicken. Which kind of tasted like Tostito's spinach dip with chicken wrapped in a tortilla. I was hungry, so no complaints. 

It really seamed like a place for just lunch with some Greek influence. 

The tomato bisque was good, a little salty, but good.

The experience was decent, if a tad overpriced.笑
Yum! Great place to eat healthy. Super easy to avoid carbs. The hummus and steak are de-lish!笑
Yet again, the food here was great.  I was pretty full after eating snacks, but still ate the steak kabobs. This is the signature dish that I get every time I come here.  The hummus with pita bread is good too, but make sure to ask for extra pots bread.  Delicious food!  Great service!  I love it here.笑
This place was great and the staff was supper friendly. I had the chicken kabobs with rice and salad. My only complaint is that the salad had to many onions for my taste. Everything seemed fresh, and even though I didn't get one the cookies looked amazing. I will be going back.笑
This WAS my go to spot for healthy food on the go. But not anymore. I have been craving this since I got back into the country. I went on a whim for lunch with my daughter to satisfy my craving. 
I normally get the Veggie kabob with a side of rice and beans. My daughter gets the Chicken Kabob. So we kept with the routine, and ordered the same. The young lady who answered the call explained to me that the menu changed, and now you get to chose your sides. I asked for my usual sides. 
The bill came to $19.65, no problem. This is usually what it costs, and since I love it so much, cost is never an issue. I usually dont check my bags because I am used to excellence service from Zoës. (My biggest mistake of the day!) So when I arrived home to find this sub-par food(BLAND and thrown together..no dressing...cold kabobs)  stingy portions, and missing sides, condiments, and cutlery...I was livid!
I called back and spoke to Anita and she assured me a manager would call me back(this never occured). I called back and spoke to a young man who was very polite and assured me that for my troubles, I would be refunded half and I could come back and they will give me a free meal. I have yet to receive the $10.00 back....oh well....but best believe ya girl is going back tonight so Zoe can redeem herself..if not......as my girl Lauryn Hill sang "You just lost one"笑
Delicious and healthy food...one of my favorite go to places. Food is fresh and portions are generous.

Today I had the chicken salad and fruit plate and it was delicious. My friend had the Greek salad with chicken...perfect! 

I feel like I had a treat but it was also healthy and beautifully presented.笑
The location is so convenient, and the interior is bright and cheery but super casual (think a fast food place).  The service was excellent, but the whole time I was eating my overpriced Greek Chicken Pita I was thinking there wasn't anything very Greek about it.  Very bland with no sauce (it needed tzatziki or tahini) and quite a small portion.  Big Fat Greek or Gyro Express serve far better fare!  I won't be going back to Zoe's!笑
Zoe's is the best!!!
My favorite is The Tossed Greek Salad. The portions are large, the food is fresh, and the staff is always friendly and helpful!笑
Wonderful place to enjoy Mediterranean food. Stake Kabobs, Greek salad, Rosemary Ham & Mozzarella Piadina are my favorite!笑
I used to love Zoes Kitchen when I lived in Virginia. However, this location is terrible. I have been to this location about 4 times. I'm going to tell you about the last two times. A few months ago my daughter's and I came in to eat. I ended up finding a dead fly in my salad. I called over the manager and told and showed her. She apologized and made my meal free. She also told me I could get a free entree when I came back. I didn't plan on going back. But, today I went back and ordered a to go order for 3 entrees.  I got home and they over cooked the shrimp and zucchini, it was beyond chard. They forgot the bread and hardly gave us any rice. I got online and write a complaint, submitted the complaint and continued to eat my salad, cautiously.. and low and behold I found a bug with wings in my salad. I called the manager and told him what happened and that I didn't want anything for free. I just want them to fix it. So, if you decide to go to this location or maybe any other,  look through your salad and check your to go order before you leave. I will not be going to this or any other location ever again.笑
This place doesn't get any better. I tried the baked feta OMG, where has this been hiding on the menu?! My usual is a salad with chicken or the  chicken pita both are fresh, moist chicken, and plentiful. 

Their baked goods are as good as they look and they always have good fresh tea brewed. 

I took a new friend there and she said she'll be back! 
Thanks Zoe's for making me look good.笑
Very overrated.

For such a new place I was disappointed by the fact that this place was dirty. Food on the floor. Tables un-bused. Pretty lax.

Now on to the food. Not great. My wife had the spinach/chicken roll up and it was seriously something looked like it was made by a high school culinary class ... and that's being mean to the high school culinary class. I ordered the steak kababobs , one of the most expensive items on the menu. Horrible. The steak was way over done and the veggies burnt. The sides, mixed veggies and smashed potatoes, were cold. Our son had the chicken salad sandwich which was not up to par with what we could have made at home. Needless to say we left food on the table.

The service at the counter was good ... or at least well intentioned. Otherwise we were never acknowledged, thanked, greeted or met with eye contact. This includes the two managers sitting at a table near us kibitzing over who knows what ... jobs elsewhere maybe? These folks don't look like they want your business.

This place won't make it. Its going up against Chipotle, Pita Jungle, Rumbi and some others that offer superior service and higher quality food. Considering that for two adults and one child we spent $30+ which included only entrees two limeades and a water ... we won't be back.笑
I love this place so much. The service is exceptional, the food is always top-notch, the  environment is positive, up-beat, clean, etc. 

I stopped in today to get a quick tea (the hibiscus tea). The guy at the front was so astonished that I came by just for a tea, that he gave it to me for free! I always have a great experience there. Me and my coworkers go there at least twice a month for lunch on Friday's (our lunch day). 

My favorite dishes are the roll-ups and the hummus. You can never go wrong with either of those. And of course the tea!笑
Today I ordered the Mediterranean Tuna Pita, and Greek Side Salad. As usual, the food was good, but the portions were a bit on the small side. Honestly, I'm inclined to go elsewhere for Mediterranean food at a better price.笑
Zoe's Kitchen was okay. I got the Steak Kabobs with roasted vegetables and a greek salad to go. The Kabobs were very overly charred but the veggies and the salad was pretty good. The restaurant looks very clean and the staff is nice. Unfortunately, the food is just not that great.笑
This is a decent chain providing Greek food.  I usually grab takeout here- chicken kabob with rice meal, side salad. It's good and the prices are decent. My last visit I totally ordered the wrong thing by mistake and they corrected my error and were super nice about it. I appreciated that and it made me a loyal customer. 

Don't miss the chocolate cake- it's very good.笑
Updated:

After I was reached out to, I gave the place other shot and the second time around was much better.  Maybe it was just an off day. 

Thank you for your wonder customer consideration.笑
We had Zoe's last evening and LOVED it. The food was delicious and the staff was very friendly. I highly recommend them.笑
First time here, and our experience was ok! The hibiscus tea is a nice touch. They also have "the good ice" lol if you know what I mean.

We were greeted immediately and we placed our order with a young person. He got everything perfectly and patiently answered my questions. 

The food was fresh and pretty good. It did take awhile to get our food though, considering there weren't many people dining at that time. 

My main complaint is the food portion. The kids chicken strips were literally a few pieces of chicken. It comes with a side but I think it should come with at least 2 sides. My steak kabobs were well-done and a little over cooked. The grilled veggies portion is comparable to a kids side portion, so I would have liked to get more food for the price.笑
Delicious fresh food. What a relief to taste fresh made from scratch food. Wish one was closer to home.笑
So cold inside that you need a parka. Can't take wine outside due to alcohol on patio rules. Food was ok.笑
Came over and had their "Pick 2" lunch combo and chose their best selling 1/2 chicken sandwich with quinoa.  Both were tasty, the chicken salad is a bit creamy but was perfect with quinoa on the side.  This is a good lunch joint, casual and clean!笑
Great food, great service. Mediterranean style food, very fresh. Have tried the quinoa salad, steak kabobs, hummus, and chicken salad, everything I've eaten there so far is delicious. So happy they opened up right by my work!笑
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY- I feel bad about saying it but this place is awful. They are understaffed and over run. We went there on a Friday night and they got 10% of our order right. I ordered steak kabobs which came out ice cold. I sent them back and 15 minutes later they came out nice and hot. Unfortunately, I could barely chew the pieces of steak on my plate. I made sure to have a few people in our party try it to ensure I wasn't just being critical. All three people who tried the meat agreed with me. 

I had high hopes walking in but that's not enough. Maybe they can get adequately staffed and hire a chef. If not this place will be here for about 90 days. 

Sorry笑
Before I get too heated, I'm going to try to write this review as calmly as possible. First of all, I walked in and immediately the bright colors gave me a pulsating headache. No one welcomed me WHATSOEVER or even looked my way. The atmosphere was very unwelcoming and the only people giving me attention were the customers eating there (they were giving me harsh glances).
So me and my friends were looking at the menu and all of the items sounded decent so I ordered the turkey stack sandwich. I went up to the cashier and he gave me the most judgmental stare EVER. I ignored it because I'm a decent person and I ordered my food. He asked me so many times "to go?" after I repeatedly told him yes. He was like 12 so that makes sense why he couldn't comprehend basic information. But Zoe's Kitchen, what are you doing hiring 12 year olds????
Then he swiped my card quickly before telling me there was going to be a long wait. Like maybe tell me before I give you my money? And get this, he refused to give me my receipt so I was waiting there with no proof that I even payed!
So I ended up waiting an hour for my TO GO food and then another half hour for my friends food.
The lady who waited before us got a free chocolate cake with her meal so that's what we were expecting aswell. But of course, we did not receive anything.
The food was tasty but even a blind man could tell it was put together with little to no effort at all. My bread was slathered in cheese that wasn't even that good and I couldn't remove it. I ate it but it was not very enjoyable.
Suddenly, halfway through our meal, my friend's face turned green. She raced into the bathroom and I heard her making (easily heard) unpleasant noises. Of course, none of the staff seemed to be concerned and did not bother to even acknowledge the situation. My friend came back and said she got food poisoning from her quinoa salad. We asked for a refund but the 12 year old cashier said that wasn't applicable in the situation. I was fuming by now and we stormed out of there.
I always heard strange things about Zoe's Kitchen and was always worried about going there, and now I know why. This place is not worth any of your time and the food is not even close to making up for the inconvenience. I do not recommend Zoe's Kitchen to anyone.笑
Food is light, great and amazing. The service is excellent. Hummus trio is fresh, so was my fruit cup. My ham and rosemary piadina was absolutely amazing. I am full but not fat feeling   It was the perfect meal笑
This is a restaurant I will come back to and if it continues to have the good quality food I imagine I will up it to 4 stars. 

I appreciate greatly that they have gluten free options.

On our first visit though the salmons and chicken were both extremely over cooked. On our 2nd visit, we both got shrimp and while it was overcooked as well it was mostly edible.

The salad was good and I am in love with the feta they put on it. The feta is so good it made me eat the "field" greens which I normally don't love. I also really like the coleslaw. The potato salad is pretty good but a bit too sour for me. I also could love the beans except for the overpowering rosemary flavor.笑
Food is fresh, well seasoned, healthy, consistent a made with pride.  Ordering was easy, cafeteria style and you place a number on you table.  The girl taking the order was friendly, professional, and offered us cups for water.  The wait for the food to be brought to the table was about 10-15 minus but worth it.  

The girl who dropped off the food was in much too much of a rush, not friendly nor unfriendly, and made no eye contact. She asked if we needed anything else as she was walking away, not waiting for our answer. We did need something.  My son had a question about his kids meal, and she forget the veggies.  

Great food, seriously good, hence the generous 4 stars. Poor execution of service to the table, thereby minus one star.笑
This place has a great menu and really tastey food, recently tried the spinach wrap with chicken and it's by far one of my favorites笑
Salmon kabobs were delish. Came with salad and hummus, very fresh.  Will definitely go back.笑
Great Customers service and food is always delicious. Love the options they have. My favorites are the Ham and Cheese Piadina and the chicken kabobs. Healthy "faster" food option. Location is clean and the staff is friendly .笑
Up sides: Good flavor, modern and clean interior, order than sit down kind of place, everything tasted fresh, beef kabobs and veggies were very tasty. Down sides are prices are a bit steep, portions are smaller (probably how much we should eat but heh), no gyro type meats so more an Americanized Mediterranean place.笑
Excellent turkey slaw pita and quinoa salad!  The slaw has feta cheese in it, a combo which makes it extra tasty.  When I order to go, my food is always ready to go.  Parking is convenient at this location.  It is located at a shopping center so there is a huge parking lot.  There is outdoor seating also.  Staff are always pleasant.  I go there several times per week and have never been disappointed.笑
Zoe, why does your grilled cheese sandwich taste so bad? There aren't that many ingredients to mess up; It's only cheese and bread with tomato and lettuce! I liked the rye bread and the buttery toasted taste of it, but the cheese itself was less than pleasant. While I enjoyed the pimento which gave it a spicy kick, the actual cheese didn't taste that great. Adding to the cheese problem was the fact that they did not melt the shredded cheese fully, so when I received it, it looked like a pre-chewed, coagulated, half-melted mess. Since it was only half melted it was lukewarm temperature-wise. I don't know about you but I don't know anyone who likes eating less-than-hot grilled cheese sandwiches that look like the aftereffect of a toddler's bad stomach day. I actually scraped all the cheese off the bread and thought it was better eating bread, lettuce, and tomato rather than the original sandwich.

The saving grace was the side and the friendly service. The braised white beans were nicely seasoned with a hint of smokiness and just the right amount of rosemary. The beans themselves were perfectly tender. I also had a hibiscus green iced tea with my order which was refreshing, caffeine free, and had good flavor.

I was torn between giving them a 2 or a 3 star, but the more I think about it, the more I think this is the worst grilled cheese sandwich I've had (The ones I made in my dorm room years ago with Kraft Singles tasted better!). So, I'll have to downgrade.

Edit: So I looked up pimento cheese sandwich online- people really enjoy eating chewed up looking bits of cheese in a sandwich? Regardless, the sandwich still didn't taste great to me even though the texture is supposed to be that way.笑
I think it's dangerous that I discovered this place while passing by...ordered the Mediterranean chicken entree with a side of basil pesto hummus. The hummus was the perfect consistency and not oily or runny/bland. The chicken was moist and soft with the onions perfectly caramelized. Even the Greek salad it came with was delicious with the perfect ratio of things together and the onions and feta not too strong or overbearing. Told my coworkers about you guys so hopefully they find you too!!笑
Consistent, friendly, healthy, & delicious. Their app is basically the only restaurant app I use & it offers great deals. Its quick & casual but the food is substantial & healthy. I never feel guilty about eating out there.笑
Super friendly and helpful staff! I had the quinoa salad with chicken and it was plenty and delicious. Hubby had the kebab and was still hungry. Overall we'd go again!笑
I love the food here! The ingredients are always fresh and I can eat my vegan food and bring a non-vegan friend. They have a nice patio. I'd have given it a 5-star rating if it weren't for the noisy chairs on the patio. They need to get someone with a 3-D printer to get some pads for the feet; metal scraping on concrete is a hideous noise!笑
Zoe's Kitchen has become my number 1 post workout go to spot. If it weren't a bit pricey I would have it every time I work out! But unfortunately I've got to be more cautious with my spending so I find myself here on the harder workout days where I know I'm getting the best post workout meal to help replenish my body. 
I love their steak and salmon kabobs. They have so much flavor and are so juicy. And the vegetables are grilled to perfection. They will allow you to substitute the sides which is great for someone looking to watch their carb intake. I always end up substituting their potatoes out for a Greek salad (comes with the steak entree)
Their salad dressing is also a reason to head here. Even if it's just to buy a bottle to go. 
They always have a clean atmosphere and very welcoming employees. Even after I come in all sweaty and gross, I don't feel like they're judging me.笑
I have been going to multiple Zoe's locations for many years and never had a complaint. Unfortunately, after my visit today me and my husband both got food poisoning. We actually both started feeling sick midway through our salads. Will not return to this location.. skeptical of how they prepare their food.笑
The staff are still very green and refer back to the manager for questions, but they are up and running as of this week, I believe, and they are totally hopping!

Maybe 4 or 5 tables outside and plenty of bright seating indoors.  Clean (open less than a week, so no shocker there), and their simply delicious and fresh food!

The salad dressing is their signature and available on all the tables. It's definitely not a light dressing though, so if you want something lighter, ask for the lemon vinaigrette on the side instead.

Download their app and get a free side of hummus.  Upload your receipt and get another free side on your subsequent visit.笑
Omg door dash introduced me to this fantastic restaurant chain!  
Unfortunately the location in Scottsdale doesn't have the veggie kabob that the chandler location offers. It is my favorite. It's insanely delicious, comes with a Greek salad and the most delicious rosemary white beans you'll ever try in your life!
Hummus and pita are fantastic. The spinach roll ups are very yummy but very spinach flavored. They are delicious but I'm not such a fan of spinach. The bf says the chicken roll ups are incredible!
 Always ahead if schedule. Just wish the Scottsdale location would offer the veggie kabob. I'd order all the time!笑
Excellent quick mediterranean cuisine. Tossed greek salad.  Recommend Kebobs...steak or salmon.  Nice staff笑
Food is decent. Might be back because I saw a few more vegan options on the menu. The staff is horrible. Terrible customer service. My food was ready but the front girls didn't notice because they were too busy eating cake and gossiping. Had to wait an extra 5-10 minutes because of them and all I ordered was hummus and pita.笑
Very happy with our visit. Love the many gluten free options! I will be back. The tomato soup and chicken salad were my favs. I will want to try more as well. Also very friendly and helpful.笑
Love this place! Food is always fresh and yummy. Go here if you want something healthy and not your run-of-the-mill lunch fare.笑
Another visit on 7/1 and the wait was way too long.  Over 30 minutes to receive our order once it was placed. We understand the food is fresh and have no complaints with the food just need to smooth this part of the service out笑
Tasty, fresh, healthy food. I always order the same thing, chicken kabobs. I recommend coming for lunch as the food seems to be fresher. I also purchase the bottled dressing and recreate my own Greek salad at home. Was excited when they opened this location close to my house. I used to drive to Phoenix to eat at Zoe's.笑
I gotta say I was skeptical to eat clean and healthy for lunch ad most places are bland and a bit disappointing.

I arrived with friends and wasn't sure what to order but the employee was very nice and offered some suggestions. They were not snobby they were very polite and patient as I browsed the menu. 

I ordered the chicken kebabs with rice pilaf and a salad. The kebabs had large pieces of grilled chicken and were lightly seasoned. My fave part about the kebabs were the cherry tomatoes as they were roasted. The salad was fresh and crunchy. They have house dressing on every table. It's a light vinaigrette blend which added more juiciness to the meal. I think I paid a total of $12 for my plate which was so filling and a slice of their house chocolate cake to go.笑
I had the rolled spinach wraps. They were really, really delicious! There were two downsides. The first being they were extremely high in sodium, as I looked up the nutritional information. The second being the portion size was small, the side of veggies were bigger than the whole wrap itself. I would recommend going here if you're trying to eat a little better, but keep in mind the sodium was a little ridiculous!笑
Truly love this place health but yet super good..
Keep in mind it's some what of a fast food place. I love to grab an order to go and eat at a park.
I always get the orzo tabouli salad with a shrimp kabob. 
Wish they would put on in Gilbert..笑
Post Zoe's Kitchen Trauma- goes like this.

We went to Zoë's normally we have a good experience with occasional dirty dishes and silverware.

However, today we would have to rate them -stars except that Yelp insist you give at least one. 

I order a cup of soup and my husband beef kabobs. Over 45 minutes later no food. Everyone was very upset as their food was taking forever too.  I had asked the girl if I could at least get my cup of  soup apparently, standing behind the counter waiting for customers is all she could handle. I persisted and said, it is just a cup of soup, she replied, we are busy your order should be up soon. Now, I have seen this place busy for lunches and we were no where close to that. This place was not packed really about 7 people total but when I discovered they were ALL waiting for food I decided it was time to go we asked for our money back and left. 

It will be a long... long time before we ever return to this Zoë's Kitchen. But please don't allow me to influence you,  if you have nothing to do ALL DAY LONG this could be your favorite restaurant.笑
Great steak kababs!  Pita & hummus are really good too!  Great quick dinner with good quality food!!笑
Amazing food and staff!  Their kabobs are amazing! Fresh and healthy, so glad I found this place!笑
Zoës Kitchen is one of my go-to "let's grab lunch" places. The Casa Paloma location is very convenient. Service is fast and cheerful. The restaurant usually clean and there is plenty of seating. I wish the tables / booths and chairs were larger, though. I'm 5'8" and my husband is 6'4" and no matter where we sit, we're pretty cramped.

I love their braised white beans and the orzo salad. (I really want to try the baked feta, too!) 
The last time I was here, I noticed their Simply 500 menu and got really excited. It's a huge part of the menu that is either already under 500 calories or can be ordered to fall under 500 calories. YEEESSSSSSS. I ordered the Chicken Kabobs, Simply 500 style, and it was such a great lunch. Delicious and filling and 500 calories :)  As far as I could tell, the only difference was no pita bread or cucumber raita - while those are both delicious, I didn't miss them at all.笑
I'm pretty generous with stars. I want to give this place 4 stars, but for me it's merely solid GOOD not great. I'm solid neutral, no major complaints nor wows. I'd give 3.5 if I could, but I can't go 4 - it would be unfair to other places I've given 4s and liked!

Beautiful location as others describe. Been here twice mid-week for lunch with a friend.

I avoid potatoes & grains, so the 2 times I have been here I had #1. a big Greek salad #2. Chicken Kabobs sub slaw instead of rice.

I am sad to say the chicken kabob today was DRY. It's the featured item on the skewer, I was really hoping they would be moist, flavorful chunks. I doused it in the Greek dressing on the table, which helped. I expected the kabobs to have more flavor/Greek or Mediterranean seasoning, was a little boring tasting for me. My experience of chicken at the other location made me expect more flavor. Perhaps I am ordering the wrong style of Chx for me, will have to ask next time. Portion-wise, it's slightly smaller than I would expect for over $10... I was actually hungry 2 hours later. But again, I subbed veggies for the rice.

Greek salad tastes good, fresh, nice little pitted kalamata olives on it. 

I don't like traditional slaw at all so Zoe's tastes good to me because it is neither creamy nor sweet. Love the feta in it, & the flavor is tangy but not puckery. 

My friend had spinach wraps. They were smaller than I am used to seeing as a wrap, less than 2" circumference. Reminded me of the size of a hefty egg roll. But they looked good. She's also a light eater; not sure a hungry guy would be satisfied...

I walk right past the cookies here, but last year tried one from the Scottsdale location & they were crazy-good, like "Uh oh, I'm gonna eat this whole damn thing" good.

I'm giving 3 because nothing wows me about the place (other than it's lovely location in that beautiful shopping center) . Maybe other dishes really rock.笑
This was my first time here but my wife and daughter are frequent fliers.  I had the steak kabobs and they were oh-so-deilicious along with the Trio of hummus dip and chips..love it and yes I will be a frequent flier soon as well笑
Have driven by Zoes so many times and we finally stopped in yesterday for lunch. I got the quinoa salad and added chicken. The salad was so tasty and the chicken was moist and flavorful and their dressing is to die for!! My husband got the red pepper hummus and chicken orzo soup and both were delish!! I am so glad we decided to try it. We will definitely be back often!  Glad to know they cater too. May have to use them for my next party!笑
I have visited this locations a few times now. About a month ago I ordered a family meal to go. I called in 2 hours before I was going to be there, since I wanted to make sure it was ready when I got there. When I arrived I paid and the man at the register said he was waiting in the kabobs. I waited for about 15 minutes before he finally asked the chef for them,. They had been ready the whole time! I was frustrated to find out I waited for nothing. I called the next day and complained to the manager. He apologized and and offered me gift card. 

Today I called in an order again, the same man was behind the register. I paid and he immediately asked how long until my order was done. He let me know it would be about 4 minutes and offered me a fee drink while I waited. My meal was ready in the 4 minutes he quoted me. I'm so pleased to see that they have taken the time to improve service. I will definately be back!笑
Love this place! Great healthy low carb choices of great food! The salmon kabobs are my favorite!  Their dressing is fantastic! The food is always fresh! Many salad choices. I can't say enough about this place!笑
I like Zoe's.  It's nothing super exciting but it's healthy and tasty fast-ish food.  I typically get the chicken kabobs and went with the greek chicken pita this last time.  I'd recommend sticking to the platters/kabobs as the pita lacked in the meat department but was still pretty good.  The desserts are solid and large enough to split.  

If you're watching calories or dining with a someone you want to make feel self-conscious there's a sub-500 calorie menu that still provides a good sized portion.笑
We had been to a Zoe's in Virginia a few years back & didn't care for it. But we decided to give it a try again and really liked it!!  We got steal kabobs. They were tender & cooked perfectly. They came with steamed veggies & some kind of potatoes  we really enjoyed it & will go back笑
The food wasn't as good today. Everything was so fresh last visit, but not today. I had the chicken wraps and veg for a side. The chicken was dry and it was accompanied by chopped tomato with a pinch of cheese. The vegetables were much too sour, vinegar? The side sauce for the chicken was a tomato salsa. I expected something more Mediterranean. Oh well. The two unhappy children who were also dining did not help my lunch experience. his was a less than stellar restaurant experience today. I'm going back to Niro's Gyros!笑
Ordered a family meal deal to go on their app.  It was ready when I got there and  I took it home.  When I got home,  I noticed my order was incorrect. I called and when I spoke to the manager, he was super helpful and went above and beyond to make things right.  The food was delicious and I will certainly be a repeat customer with customer service like that!笑
I love love love Zoe's!  Due to a wheat allergy, my diet is restricted, and most of the time I am disappointed in menu options. But not at Zoe's!  The food is Ah-maz-ing!  Thank you Zoe's for your fresh ingredients and tasty food!笑
One of my favorite restaurants... Delicious food, healthy, inexpensive. Just a great restaurant.笑
Fresh fresh yummy food ! I always end up getting something evolving chicken . Last night was the chicken roll up with feta and a side of fruit . The fruit was SO good . Very fresh and juicy pineapple . I'm craving more right now . My only complaint is I once ordered a side of pita and hummus . They gave me a huge thing of hummus but only 4 tiny triangles of pita bread ... For the price they should spared a little more pita bread . Overall highly recommend !笑
We are now regulars at this Zoe's location, either to dine in or for take out for lunch or dinner... the beef kabobs are so tender and flavorful... and all sides are healthy and yummy... nice variety on the menu of fresh food... very clean, bright atmosphere... cheerful staff.笑
This is my new favorite place to eat, the food is always cooked perfectly and tastes great. Just had the Chicken Kabobs with Humus instead of salad, and it was fantastic!!笑
The steak kabob and veggies were way too salty. I ate my food only because I'd rather not waste it. Will not be coming back.笑
It was late and I was doing some early Christmas shopping in west Chandler and I stumbled upon Zoës Kitchen. I decided to run in and grab something. 

But when I got back to my office after my pickup, I was really impressed. I've heard so many good stories, so I wasn't sure if it was going to live up to the hype. 

For my first try, I went with their Steak Stack for $7.59 with a Hummus 5oz side for $0.79(see photos). The damage came to $9.06 including taxes, which seemed pretty good for everything. 

What I wasn't prepared for was the tastiness of their bread. Don't get me wrong, everything was really very good. In fact, if they had used any commercial bread, this still would be a Four Star review. But the flavor of their rosemary bread was incredible. I would have paid $9.06 for a loaf of it. It was delicious! 

So, go enjoy, Zoës Kitchen!  I will definitely be back.笑
I love this place! I come here a couple of times a month for lunch during the work day, and everyone here is always quick and very accommodating. The menu is quite large and has a nice range of items to choose from. My favorite items are probably the chicken salad sandwich, the spinach roll ups with chicken, and the chicken marsala.笑
I have tried the quinoa, hummus,Protein chicken salad, everything I've eaten there so far is AWESOME! However, I must tell you- if you want to try the one that is incredibly yummy and you can't go wrong is the Steak Kabobs.  I have been eating there weekly and have been using the place as a meeting place. The place is very relaxing and friendly environment. I am surprised that they don't serve any gyro though. However, I am glad we have another place to go to for healthier food in this area.笑
Great fresh food ! Mediterranean style . There Greek dressing is awesome . I put it on everything . Good service , quality food .笑
Love Zoe's just not this location on Sunday night. Called in an order over 45 minutes ago and still waiting for our food. Empty restaurant. Could have gone to the store and made dinner faster than it has taken me to wait after my 5:30 pickup time. It is 6. Pathetic.笑
I love the Quinoa Salad. It's delicious. It's so nice to be able to go somewhere that a healthy menu is offered. I also must say that the oatmeal raisin cookies are Amazing!笑
Time for my monthly lunch with my best friend. My friend picked Zoe's Kitchen. It turned out to be a good choice.

Concept: You go to the counter to order, are given a number to take to your table. You need to obtain your own drink, silverware, napkins, etc. You sit down and your food is brought to you when ready. If you've ever been to a Carl's Jr then you know what to expect for service. However, there are signs as you enter the establishment touting the freshness of the ingredients, stating that the food components are delivered and prepared fresh daily.

Food and Service: Since this is a largely self-service concept, there is limited contact with staff. The food was outstanding. My friend had the Greek salad with chicken ($9.69). It had greens, tomato, cucumber, onion, feta cheese, peppers, potato salad and bread. I had the Gruben sandwich ($7.59) with turkey, swiss cheese, slaw, and mustard on rye bread with a side (I picked some yummy white beans with rosemary). The bread was a very mild rye that looked white, not the hearty dark German rye I am used to. It was good though. The menu is diverse and interesting enough that I would eat here again to try some of the other items.

Seating: Booths and tables and chairs inside and a few tables and chairs on the sidewalk outside. For customers with a walker or a wheelchair it feels like a cramped obstacle course. The sound level was reasonable enough to carry on a conversation with your co-diners. Lighting was bright and cheery.

Parking: This upscale strip shopping center has a congested feeling traffic flow (who designs these things?). The handicapped parking is about 3 stores down from Zoe's, so a short walk for the mobility impaired.笑
Amazing chicken salad and hummus.  I love getting them to go to keep in the fridge as snacks.笑
I got the steak kabobs they were pretty good, then I got the chicken kabobs THAT SHIT MADE ME NUT MY NIGGA笑
This is my all time favorite place:) totally in love with service, food and their smart colorful decor. American Greek food is fast and extremely delicious. Their speciality oils/dressing for Greek salad is exotic. A big cheers to Rachel Zoe and I think more of these should open up for everyone to try it out ! Waiting for it in California !!!笑
First off, the decor is beautiful and slightly more upgraded than their other two Phoenix locations. Real plates & silverware is a nice change instead of their usual metal trays. Upholstered booth seating and a nice large corner booth add great charm. 

Of course I had to start with the chocolate cake, which was on point. Almost wish I had a tall glass of cold milk to go with it LoL. Perfect combination of moist cake,  gooey decadent frosting with a slight crunchy coating on top. Yummmmmm.

Had the Greek chicken pita and a side of the pasta salad which has always been a favorite of mine at the other two Phoenix locations. 

Greek chicken pita and pasta salad were a slight disappointment which made me sad. I've always been used to their great quality food, so the fact that the grilled chicken,  pita and pasta (the main components! ) were all dry made me so sad! Flavors were there, the grilled onions being my favorite. I had to add their signature greek dressing in order to add moisture. :(

Nice they had an app available for download to which if you take a pic of your receipt you get free goodies on your next visit. That's when I noticed I never got my receipt.  LoL笑
My first time in here. Lots of non meat dishes. I ordered braised beans and grilled veggies and ended up ordering Spanish rolls and Cole slaw to go. All the meals look as good as the ads. When in the area stop in for some good eats. I'll be back.笑
So happy to find one of my favorite eateries. First fell in love with Zoe's kitchen on the East coast, and happy to finally find one here in Arizona. Just wish (hint hint) Tucson had one! 

Simple. Fresh. Tasty!笑
Love this place! 

My boyfriend and I eat here a lot! The staff is ultra friendly and helpful and will basically customize any item you want. They also have a mobile app you can download and when you take a picture of your receipt they give you what is called a "goodie." So far I have gotten a free side, a cup of limeade, and 1/2 off a sandwich.

Some things to try:
- Braised white beans
- Potato salad (cold and grilled)
- Greek salad
- Hummus

I usually go for the gluten free hummus and salad plate, which comes with cucumber instead of pita. 

For you meat eaters, they have protein bowls, kabobs, and I hear the turkey sandwich is really good.笑
I had the spinach and mushroom Piadina.  The mozzarella was not melted at all and so thick,  I had to pull it off and throw it away on my plate.  I had a few leaves of spinach and a dash of mushrooms left.  The Piadina was wet and soggy because it sat in liquid which poured from the Piadina onto my plate. For $8.19, I expected some healthy food in the form of spinach and mushroom but way to little ingredients for that kind of money.   Please, charge me a little more and give me something in my Piadina.    My friend got the Greek salad.  Unknown to her, there was a baked potato in the bottom of the bowl.  She said it made the whole salad uneatable.   I read the ingredients on the menu and saw it said, potato salad on the bottom, not a broken up baked potato. I will not be returning.笑
This place is seriously amazing. Nice staff, great management and a clean welcoming environment. I've tried multiple items on the menu in which I liked all of them. I can easy say that the steak kabobs are literally AMAZING!! I'm extremely specific and picky when it comes to steak and was pleasantly surprised when I first had them, they were extremely juicy and tender, along with one of the best marinades I've ever tasted. One time the steak kabobs did come out over cooked and I had already driven home to eat, but the manager handled the situation phenomenally and was nice enough to personally remake them for me herself (in which they came out perfect) along with my money back. 

Overall great place to eat, very fair pricing for how much food you get, and an extremely friendly staff. I would recommend this place to anyone and think you should at least try it once to see for yourself.笑
Great Greek fast food.  Bright, clean, fresh and friendly. This is the Mediterranean version of Chipotle Mexican Grill.   This was my first time here and it took me a little while to sort through the menu.  I am not a huge Greek food fan, but this was spot on!笑
While everything is fresh, I am still not impressed.  I prefer the true Mediterranean restaurants, like Spices.  This place is just another trendy spin on Mediterranean food.  Examples:  the tzatziki had chunks of cucumber (weird) and the Greek salad didn't have olives.  Won't be back.笑
I'm always looking for places where I can get a healthier meal when we eat out and my boyfriend will be willing to eat there with me and be able to order something he enjoys as well. We just ordered the steak stack, and chicken salad sandwich for him which he loved! I ordered the shrimp kebab with grilled veggies and rice. It was all really good. We also shared the chocolate cake which we both enjoyed. The only thing we didn't like was the braised white beans-they tasted like Bay leaves or one of those dried spices you don't want to eat too much of. Otherwise, loved the entire experience. We ordered to go and ate at home. I didn't get the idea to take a pic and write a review until after we'd already pretty much finished our meal, so the picture I posted isn't doing the food justice.笑
I've eaten here at least 10 different occasions since the opening a couple months ago. Usually go for the kabobs - chicken, steak and salmon are delicious! Great service, food is very quick and consistent! Great location being right off the I-10. Go!笑
First time here but definitely not the last time.  Wanted something quick and healthy and this hit the spot.  I got the steak sandwich, chicken soup and pasta salad.  Left very satisfied.  Staff was very polite and friendly.  Will make this a go to place when I'm in the area.笑
I ordered the steak kebob entree. It was burnt to a crisp, beyond charred. Instead of the taste of delicious steak I got the taste of discussing burntness. When I brought this up to the manager he looked at me blankly. The cashier was behind him and began to grab, what I assume was a gift card for a free meal for next time, but then he said something to her about a "paper trail" and placed it back up behind the counter. The manager did not acknowledge me again, so I stood there waiting for something to happen. After a  minute or so the manager looked at me with a sour expression, as if he didn't want to be there, and stocked to the back. At this point I walked out. Take the mangers sentiment, you don't want to be there either.  At least not at this location.笑
As a regular customer of this location, I was very dissatisfied with Saturdays service. Orders were mixed up with some of us not getting what was ordered. Extremely slow service. The dishrack for the silverware was plopped for customers to help themselves. Half orders were done. Extremely short staffed,  hibiscus tea not made. While I enjoy the food, I hope this isn't a trend for them.笑
This place is a five star for all. Very quick on the table and extremely delicious to eat. Their cake is to die for and is home made. 
Overall a very nice and quick bite place to hangout笑
Great food! Everything is freshly made and tastes great. I had the chicken kebob. The chicken was very tasty and cooked perfectly. The side salad was very fresh. Side of white beans was delicious. Everyone in our party really enjoyed their meals. Will definitely go back again and again!笑
Brought my husband here today and he loved this place too!  We tried the steak, chicken and shrimp kabobs. All were delicious. I have a feeling this will be a new regular dining place for us!