My wife and I stopped in on the way to Gardnerville , from Walker. She had a hamburger with fries . I had a cheeseburger with onion rings . The hand dipped rings dripped with oil when I picked one up . Margie said that the fries were some of the best shes had. Mountain View BBQ has better onion rings , and their burgers are about the same . Prices are close to the same . 21 dollars for the two of us with drinks . Will both try the fish and chips , next time and hope that the oil is drained better than the onion rings . Only have to cross 395 to get to Mountain View BBQ . John AǾ
The best burger I've had since I can remember. The Angus beef here is some of the highest quality meat you'll find on a burger. The sauces that I tried were homemade. The bun was toasted just to my preference. Staff was extremely friendly and made sure we were taken care of. Very enjoyable.Ǿ
What an excellent burger! Wouldn't change a thing and had a beautiful view and a place to play horseshoes. Definitely going back.Ǿ
Nice to have a burger place that serves quality food at a reasonable price. Their burgers are awesome and onion rings are great.Ǿ
Blows anything in walker out of the water, onion rings unlike another reviewer were the best I've had, burgers and chicken sandwich are outstanding.Ǿ
Great burgers and onion rings lovely atmosphere friendly place! Would eat here again.Ǿ
Very close to home and the onion rings are prolly the best I've ever had. 25 percent off for military as wellǾ
WOW, Very nice staff, Very Clean, Fresh ingredients, and a BURGER TO DIE FOR. I could see this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, Guy Fieri what are you doing ? Get your %#* up here. Very reasonable prices. Indoor and outdoor seating. This Place is Bitchen !!!Ǿ
Went to the burger shack on a road trip and it was there 3rd week open and they are already amazing! The service was great and employees all very friendly. The onion rings are a must! We've got our new stop when traveling the 395! Best burger on the 395!Ǿ
The best burger you will ever have! All the food is very fresh and so delicious! The service is awesome very friendly and accommodating! Will defiantly be making many more trips here!Ǿ
Fantastic!  Tried this place for the first time today and the experience exceeded my expectations.  I sat at the counter and watched the staff carefully grill each burger patty (thick juicy Angus beef) with care and hand dip each onion ring in fresh beer batter.

Result was a delicious meal at a reasonable price.  I've seen this building go through many iterations without success.  I think the Burger Shack will be its final tenant! Staff told me that they plan to stay open through the winter serving homemade chili.  I'm looking forward to experiencing that.

Final note... The yelp map does not reflect the Burger Shack's location accurately.  It's North of the Nevada state line just past the Topaz Lodge.  Stop by... You won't regret it!Ǿ
We stopped at the Burger Shack while visiting my dad in Nevada. OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!! The burger was to die for, and the onion rings were the BEST I've ever had in my life. No joke!!! Chopped, battered, and fried right in front of you if you sit at the counter. This review has my mouth watering and me planning my next trip up north just to go there again! The Burger Shack is going to be a standard stop both on the way there and on the way back from now on.Ǿ
The Bomb!!!! Driving through and saw the reviews so we had to stop. This Burger was great. Friendly people and good people. My whole group liked the food. We had the BBQ burger special.Ǿ
All the 5-star reviews for this place are accurate if we're talking about burgers in Topaz.  But for the rest of us who are traveling through, and who this place clearly serves, I'd say these were average.  The burger was served hot and fresh, but the meat was a little short on flavor.  The fries were typical frozen steak-sized fries...  fresh-cut fries would be delicious here and bump this to 4.5 stars for me.

Also, they charge 75 cents for takeout.  First place I've seen that does that.Ǿ
I have visited the Burger Shack only once but I was most impressed.  When you first enter, the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is clean and neatly organized.  The views of Topaz Lake are very nice.  

The beef used in my burger was moist and juicy, without seeming greasy.  It had a very tasty flavor.  I ordered medium-rare and my burger was a perfect medium-rare.  That doesn't happen often in a lot of other restaurants.  My burger was also served quite hot, which is a nice touch.

All of the toppings on my burger were totally fresh and crispy.  The flavors were good.

The fries were some of the best I've had.  They were firm and neither greasy nor too salty.  As with the burger, they arrived very hot.

I liked the burger somewhat better than the two places in Walker, which are also good.  I am equally fond of the Junction Bar burgers (a couple miles north), however that's a bar rather than a family-oriented restaurant.  You can get a beer with your burger at the Junction Bar, but the Burger Shack folks say that they are working on getting a permit to serve beer.

I think you will be very pleased with the burgers at this place.Ǿ
Friendly and fast service, really good burgers, 25% active Military Discount and a great view of the lake from the patio. Highly recommend.Ǿ
Not sure what was the best, burger was amazing, the hot dog was the best ever and then there are the hand dipped onion rings - WOW just WOW! Great customer service, the view is spectacular and I can't wait for a return visit.  I highly recommend the Burger Shack when looking for a great burger.  Oh and there is pie for dessert which was magical.Ǿ
In our last few days living in Coleville, CA we decided to give the Burger Shack a shot. I popped in and sat at the bar top (it used to be a bar) and placed my order to go. I ordered two cheeseburger and fries meals. This place is run by a group of friendly ladies. As I sat I watched while they hand battered onion rings. They also serve hot dogs and fish and chips. Everything was packaged well for my short trip home. The burger was delicious and juicy and the bun was an awesome brioche bun!!!!  Don't ever change this Burger Shack!  Even the pickles were great. Service was quick and the prices are very reasonable. They also accept credit cards unlike Walker Burger.Ǿ
Wish I could give more than 5 stars! Comfortable atmosphere, speedy & friendly service, homemade flavor, amazing onion rings! I'm glad it's close to home so I can keep coming back!