I stupidly came in here when a big game was showing and the place was packed to the rafters with sweaty men. Not necessarily a bad thing, but waiting in line at the bar and getting beer chucked all over the place really isn't my idea of a fun night out.

The clientèle was most certainly male dominated which is probably because they show sporting events on big screens and sell relatively cheap beer- what more could a fella want?

I didn't stay long because I was basically being crushed by steaming footie fans and to be honest, I didn't really warm to the place at all. Maybe on another night it would have been better, but I really doubt I would be back.笑
Just popped in to see some footie and have a drink. Friendly atmosphere, decent prices, and quick and easy food. 

The staff were friendly and we were served quickly. Food was alright, we had wings to share and cannot complain for what it is. It was great to see the football and other sports going on. Some of the screens don't work but it's not a big deal. 

Will definitely pop back again for a match and a pint.笑
Sportsters is the ideal place to come to watch just about any major sporting event whilst enjoying some moderately priced drinks.  They show anything on their large screens from American football to rugby league and there's plenty of comfortable seating to spectate it from.  Although being sports orientated it is still a good pub to come and enjoy a drink with friends even if the match is of only peripheral importance.  The reason I haven't given it five stars is because it is a bit of a lad's lad sort of place and I know a lot of girls who moan about it because their male companions spend the evening open-mouthed and staring at the screens.
As a member of Edinburgh Uni rugby club we have our own 'VIP' room upstairs which we use every Wednesday and Saturday nights after the matches before heading out.  Here we get pints for about £1.80 and the staff are also good enough to serve us hot food.  The bar staff are extremely tolerant of us and I've never had a bad evening in Sportsters.笑
I am a fan of Sportsters - but not necessarily for what it tries to be.

Sportsters is, probably pretty obviously, a sports bar.  There are tvs everywhere, even at the tables.  Some of the tables even have what appears to be playstation controls ... does this mean you can come here, drink beer and play playstation?  If that's really what's going on, then wow, that's pretty amazing.

But, I'm not actually a big sports nut, so that's not why I enjoy it here (oh and my guy friends have informed me that they play more football than any other sport, so if you're looking for a good sports bar where you can watch rugby, this probably isn't the place for you).
What I enjoy about this place is that NO ONE goes here.  Yes I realise that shouldn't necessarily make for a good review, but trust me, it's great.  This is the perfect place to come with a big group of friends on a weekend.  Last time I was here, we walked in about 9pm, got a huge table and never once had to wait in crowds at the bar.  Oh and Fosters was on special so the pints were 2 4 1 (1.40 each) ... even if they weren't on special, I feel I'm hard-pressed to find a pint for under 3 pounds these days and their pints are.  

I also discovered that they do food here - admittedly I don't know too much about it other than their chicken strips are pretty awesome.. but the fact that they serve food makes it so you can't just order a bag of crisps, which can be pretty annoying when all you want to do is pay 50p for something to munch on.

If you're looking for a scene, or to meet people - this is NOT the place for you.  If you're looking to hang out with your friends, maybe listen to some live music (they have an awesome live act on Friday nights), and not have to wade through people to get to the bar... then this is definitely the place for you.笑
To be honest, I only ever really used to come to Sportsters because it's attached to City nightclub, which I used to frequent every Wednesday evening a wee while back, (Ok, truthfully, not a wee while back, about four years ago when I was still living a carefree life of reckless abandon as a student).

My friends and I found that queuing up for Sportsters and getting into City nightclub through this devious route, was easier than waiting in the often mile long queue that used to snake down Market Street for entry into the main club. So therein lies my experience of Sportsters. However, I do have something useful to tell you about this expansive, shiny bar. The clue is in the name, and if you have any sports match, game, or tournament you desire to watch, here you have guaranteed screens for your viewing delight in every available space, plus you can get food and cheap beverages to go with it.笑
Good bar, but soo many screens... slight overkill for me, as they seem to suck away the good bar atmosphere-  maybe they are completely necessary when there are big games on though. 

They had free events during the fringe which was awesome, and because of this I'll keep my eye out for future events,  and will go back if I'm in Edinburgh and there's good sport to watch.

Great location by waverly station too, so easy to drink and train home.笑
This seems to be the place of choice for those who are into two things. Sports games and heavy drinking.

Being into only one of those two things (guess which one) I was semi-reluctant to go to a place called Sportsters. There was a football match on that my mates wanted to see and I had agree'd to go and watch it with them. 

My overall opinion was this place does only one thing well - the sports. it's clearly how this place survives, by providing such a range of sports and many booths/televisions to watch it in. Everything else seems somewhat below par  - the food and the bar staff especially.

Despite that, I had a good timee - but that might have been the heavy drinking side of things.笑
I was in sportsters on Saturday afternoon meeting up with some old friends for the day. I really thought we'd only be in for a quick drink but I was pleasantly surprised to find a great atmosphere and a good drinks selection upon arrival! the rugby was in which seemed to bring in most of Edinburgh! the staff were very friendly and although they were clearly busy they did acknowledge our group quickly when we arrived.

we ended up staying here for a few hours to enjoy the drinks and soak up the atmosphere before heading off elsewhere. I would definitely return next time I'm in Edinburgh.笑
Oh man, I try not to be negative, and part of me is just thinking "don't say anything at all, just leave it" but the experience I had in here was so bad, so soul destroying, so buzz-crushingly-awful that I just have to share.

I popped in on a Saturday night. It was half empty, and even though there was only maybe a queue of 6 or 7 peeps at the bar, getting served seemed to take an age.

I got my drink, went and found an empty table and sat down.

Some random idiot and his screaming harpie of a missus pick a fight with me (for no reason, even the staff that came over said he just started yelling at me for no reason at all) and had to be dragged off by a bouncer, with his missus screaming that she was going to sue because she worked for the council...

The place just felt icky. The floors had that "beer spilled all over the place and not cleaned" tackiness to them, and it just felt like a place that was there because it was cheap, big and groups could get in and find a big booth to sit at.

I'd imagine if there's a group of you, and you find a corner, you'll have a better time than I did on my own.

But, for a multitude of reasons, I won't be back to test it, I'm afraid. There's better bars on this stretch of road to give your custom to.笑
Sportsters is one of those bars which is desperately trying to be like those American sports bars you see in the movies. They have TV screens everywhere at every angle so you won't miss a second of the football. Because that is pretty much what this place is- a place to watch the football, with your mates while having a pint and something to eat. Its definitely a lads lad sort of place. I'm not really a football fan so this doesn't really appeal to me, but if you like to watch sport then this place is ideal. Heck they even have TV screens in the booths. That is pretty impressive methinks. 

I quite like the food here. The portions are massive and its great for a big group to have lunch at. Its the type of menu you would expect from a bar but it is done quite well. I enjoy the Caesar Salad, and they used to do this massive sharing dessert which was basically a huge bowl of ice cream, marshmallows, chocolate and sauce. I'm not 100% sure if they still do it. 

I find the drinks to be quite expensive which means I won't go for a night out here.笑
Terrible experience at Sportsters. We called up to see if they were televising a NFL playoff game on Sat night (9:20pm) and told us yes. Great, we're all there watching on a small screen and spending money like good customers. With 1:35 left in regulation and the possibility of anything happening at the end of the game, at 12:45 am (their suppose to be open until 1am, though their the web says 3am), their large, non customer-centric bouncer insists we all have to leave the bar. He constantly insists. We ask to speak to the manager and he does not comply and stubbornly insists we leave and won't let us see the last minute of this playoff game.  Btw, this place does not feel like a sports bar, on the first floor they have some DJ playing loud/bad music to basically an empty room and no real sports on their tele's. The quality of their large tele is really poor, think the early large RBG bar screens of the 1970's.  LOL. To sum up: it's not a sports bar, poorly managed, and overall this is one big "deflate-gate".笑
Big pay per view sporting events (such as boxing) are what these places specialise in. Hosting a ridiculously large amount of viewing screens and neat little booths to pile you and your chums into, Sportsters is a good choice for the sports enthusiast.  By no means would I recommend this place for anything other than watching a sporting event and sipping a beer (you wouldn't come here for a quiet drink put it that way!) I recently watched the David Haye Vs John Ruiz fight here and considering the place was packed, I never missed a second of the action or a decibel of the commentary.笑
I'm not really into sports - you would know that if you ever saw my hips - but Sportsters is a playground for those who are. I've been here for a few big events, most recently the Superbowl. It has a great atmosphere and is always busy if there's a big event on.
I went with my ex boyfriend and his football team, so we got in free but they were charging £7 at the door - crazy!!
Whenever there is a sporting event everyone gets really into it here. And during the breaks, there is a playstation at each table - cool!! One of the good things about Sportsters is they have small screens on each table, so when you can't see the big screen properly you have your own personal one!

Their food is ok too - we had nachos and there were a bit scarce with the cheese (the best bit in my opinion...maybe that explains the hips)