Spicy Basil Noodle with Chicken ($5.95) lunch combo was A-OK. I requested Thai Spicy...but always Canadian Thai Spicy. 

Love the hole in the wall, authentic non pretentious vibe of Thai Naka. Family owned, everything so simple and rustic! 

I have to come back to try out other things on the menu... hopefully I can get extra Canadian Thai Spicy next time!Ǿ
This is my go to Thai place. Cant believe I have not yelped them yet. Lunch special is the best. Its like homecook meals. Pad thai highly recommended. Tried pad thai from other places but I always go back to them. Also, try their other lunch special. Restaurant atmosphere is nothing to be desired but you know food is freshly made as you can hear the woman working out the wok.  Will always come back.Ǿ
Had lunch to go and the soup was just amazing...  pipping hot with lots of flavor. Favorite part was the owners were so happy and nice even though I was in a hurry!  Would go back there for sure.Ǿ
When I want to bike downtown I usually make a stop here first to get some protein. Their pad thai is what I usually order for lunch, it consists of bean sprouts, peanuts and green onions, it has sweet and sour taste I usually ask for hot sauce on the side to give it a little kick. The lunch combo is only $5.99 and comes with the spring rolls or veggie soup.
The restaurant is family owned; the restaurant is small, so small that the only thing separating the kitchen from the dining room is a curtain but it's actually a good thing since you can hear the cooking and the chopping, now that's when you know its fresh.


Recommendation - Pad Thai chicken, Basil noodle with chickenǾ
Not the best looking restaurant, but the food was good and healthy. Accessible prices and good attention. Good alternative for those that are into Thai food.Ǿ
This place is the real thing! Authentic Thai food run by a Thai couple in a tiny, not elaborately decorated, and sort of a hole-in-the-wall place. Exactly the kind of Thai place that I love. It's not that chichi urban fare that you find all over Toronto that is over-priced and serves Thai adapted for the masses. Thai Naka prices are very reasonable (esp. the lunch combo) and the food is terrific. If you are out this way, give it a try...not sure you'd necessarily go out of your way for it though.Ǿ
The interior is not perfect, but the food is awesome. I have been so many Thai places around here and I will rank this one the second best Toronto.Ǿ
I got the Spicy garlic and black peppered beef with rice, lunch special for $6.95, which is a great deal by the way. The soap is not a bad choice either; I come here for lunch sometimes when I am in the mood for something spicy even though the level of spice is low for my taste! The staffs are friend and definitely a family owned vibe in the place. 

The restaurant is small so if you are a group call in advance as the tables are limited. The best thing to do is take out. The actual place is no looker but the kitchen the kitchen  staff keep the food pumping out so the wait for takeout is not long.    

Over all this place is not bad.Ǿ
Thai Naka.  Memories of Thailand. (+0.5 star)
I'm not talking about the PC brand Sauce either.

Outside looks like a complete dump.  
Druggie Joint, at least my image of.
Inside isn't much better.
But don't judge a Pad Thai by it's Color.

Family-owned.  The Wok was controlled by this sweet older Woman.
The Highschool-age Kid took orders and you can see the inexperience.
He almost gave us an incredible 50% discount, Damn my conscience.
All Day Specials.  Lunch Specials.  Regular Menu.

A7. Sticky Rice+Peanut Sauce($4.95)
---
Warm coconut scented Sticky Rice.
Too warm it didn't ball-formed too well.
But amazingly flavourful.
Peanut Sauce was good too.
Addictive appetizer.

AllDaySp2. Spicy Garlic & Black Peppered Beef($6.95) 
---
Looks Chinese, sounds Chinese.  No expectations there.
It is what is it, nothing special.  Thai-versions of Chinese is meh even in Thailand.

Chicken Laab($10.95) 
---
Definitely something worth trying.  Think Hot Chicken Herb Salad.
Unfortunately the overwhelming sourness took place.
It did carry the Galangal flavour well but still.
Personally I rather have Dark Meat but they have to cater to the healthy.

Definitely try Naka first as a Lunch or All Day special.
If you decide it's your cup of Thai Tea than continue to explore.
I'll be back to try Spicy Roasted Duck, Massaman Curry and Chiang Mai Noodle.Ǿ
This hole in the wall is a gem.  The food taste home made, but in a good way.  The service is pleasant and it feels nice to be supporting local small business. You can't go wrong with the pad thai and green cury.  I will definitely be a repeating customer.Ǿ
Although the service isn't particularly friendly, the food arrived quickly and was warm and delicious. The spicy basil noodles with beef was absolutely delicious, as was the massaman curry. The curry was particularly rich and tasty. The prices were quite reasonable, and for $30 we had more than enough food for two people (probably closer to 4), but it was so good we had to finish it. We definitely have become repeat customers!Ǿ
I m a frequent traveller to Thailand and lived in SE asia, The food here is closest to thai food avialable In toronto .Most of thai foods are bland and  sweetened, Thai Naka is a n exception partly its owns by genuine thai people and thai style  home cooking, They do make it milder for those who dont want it '..the mainstream canadian thai food ..but if u want real thing ask for thai style. Its family run and hence small and no ambience  but clean and comfortable.The cook is a thai lady ,wife of the owner, served by family members. Items that are great are larb gai,thai fried rice, all curries and pad thai. Great food !Ǿ
My husband and I have become regulars here. The price is extremely reasonable, especially when you get one of the lunch or all day specials. My favourite dishes are the grilled chicken with yellow coconut rice and the basil noodles with beef. My husband's favourite dish is the green curry.

For those that are really into Thai food, this is probably the best you're going to get in Toronto. The manager of the store is also incredibly friendly and will remember you if you go back.