Love this place!

This is my new go to bar. I love how friendly the bar staff is and how at home I felt. Walking in there was a sense of comfort that I had not felt before. Even the other customers at the bar drinking came over to say hello and introduce themselves. Who does that? Awesome people of course. 

The coolest thing is that they have shuffleboard! I don't see many bars with this game anymore. It was awesome being able to come here with my father and play. It brings back fun memories for him.

They have late night specials on their pizza and sandwiches. The mozzarella sticks were not very memorable but the poppers were okay. Buffalo wings were perfectly paired with the tangy sauce and creamy blue cheese.Ǿ
Mmmmmmmm appetizer sampler is tasty ... 1/2 price drinks for ladies friday and saturday which means 1/4 price drinks all around!   Nice hockey rink     Hockey on almost every tv   Pizza looks good but am too full to order! Bartenders are cool   Video blackjack dominated us!Ǿ
This by far is the worst bar I have ever been to.  Sat waiting 30 minutes for a menu that I never got. I was served a disgusting beer probably due to dirty lines in a cracked glass.  Will not be going back.Ǿ
I've been coming here for a long time now about three years and the service used to be really good, this place has gone extremely downhill in terms of service. Whoever is the Manager of this bar/restaurant really needs to re-evaluate their staff. The servers smoke cigarettes and sit at the bar on the job last Wednesday it took my team and I over an hour to get our pizza she forgot to put the order in I had to get up from my table and see her at the bar for her to get up and do her job and it was like I was annoying her ?? Just came here today with my girlfriend place was not crowded maybe had two eight top tables sat. We didn't get greeted for 10 minutes we sat here staring over at the servers for 10 minutes then we get greeted and our server says "do you guys want food menus" like what?? No we're just here to sit and intrude ? This place has fallen down hill.... I wouldn't recommend coming here there only in business still because hockey players like beer. I hope they hire some friendly staff who actually want to work instead of stand around text, talk, smoke, and drink on the job.. embarrassing.. food is usually overall good music is good atmosphere is chill and lots of TVs.. service is the reason for 2 starǾ
Love this place! Only down fall is they seem to be short staffed on waitresses when I go. often my boyfriend and I will refill our drinks on our own. Once your served it's like they vanish! LolǾ
Just had one of the best pizzas I've had in LV since moving here. Great flavor!  
I don't think I can find a better one.Ǿ
Popped in for a few beers with the wife to start off our night... Friendly staff and cold beer.

You can also watch the hockey games from the bar which is a bonus.Ǿ
Believe it or not they have some of the best pizza here.  Try it.  The rest of the menu is pretty good also.  Service is fast and attentive,Ǿ
This place was great! The chicken wings taste way better than that of Buffalo Wild Wings. The bartenders are great too. Every time I go in they treat me like a king. It seems the machines pay more than an actual casino too!Ǿ
Played my hockey game and went for some beer and pizza.  Food is great and you can't really go wrong wth draft beer, so that was all fine.  Service (Brittany) was very unfriendly and had a bit of an attitude.  Also it took about 15 min to get the beer.  For the service and the wait, I'm giving 2 stars.   This recent change wth the waitstaff needs to be addressed immediately otherwise they will drop their 4 star rating quickly!Ǿ
Fam & I tried the veggie pizza after watching a friend's hockey game.  The pizza came out w/ lots of fresh veggies and a nice crisp crust.  I was pleasantly surprised, didn't expect such a delightful pizza from a bar/skating rink!Ǿ
Super cute place! 
Hubby was having mercury removal at our dentist down the street (Four Seasons) and I did not eat breakfast because I overslept :)

I dropped him off and headed over here because I have always wanted to go to this place to watch hockey practice.

I got lucky and the guys were practicing!!!!! 

I was starving and I did not want any pizza so I just had a salad :) I don't eat meat or dairy but honestly I did not even look at the rest of the menu to even see of I had any veg options to choose from lol. I was just craving a salad :)

The salad was fresh and it had some really yummy cucumbers and tomatoes. I thought I was just imagining things because I was soooo hungry but nope it was really good :) The lettuce was not just iceberg, it had butter lettuce and a few mixed greens.

How can a big mixed salad be that good from a sports bar? Not sure but it was ;) I picked Italian dressing and it was not regular. It was full of Italian seasoning and not just oil and vinegar I it had some tomato paste in it also :) sooooo good :) 

I sat at the bar and the bartender (only front of house employee) was very nice and pleasant. The bar gaming machine I was sitting at def ate my money but I'm really glad I spent a little time in here today :)

I def will be in to watch some games. The TV's were newer, placed well and easy to see.Ǿ
Hire someone who knows what the fuck they are doing.  Beer and a shot, hand me a tab for 20.00 bucks. WTF, I'm not on the strip. Feel bad for her she is slammed, new, and clearly never worked in the industry. I live around the corner and actually like this place better than my usual haunt. Note to self.......Ǿ
This place is great. Pizza and beer is very good and reasonable. Fun to sit and watch hockey games at the ice rink. Nice, friendly staff. Definitely will be back.Ǿ
As far as ambiance goes, Brooksy's Bar & Grill does have a "one-up" on the other local bars on west Flamingo with its vast amount of entertainment. Not only can you enjoy one of the multiple television screens as well as a projector screen during game time, but also, if you get bored, there is always the ice rink located on the south side of the restaurant that is visible through a thick wall of clear plastic. 

However, that's pretty much the best part about Brooksy's. Some of the menu items do stand up well, but overall, the service is so unbelievably awful time and time again that unless you're a regular that buys the wait staff shots during their shift then you're probably not going to get very lucky at this establishment.

If you do venture in, as I have more than a handful of times to try and give the place a 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th chance, you'll most likely want to avoid the bar altogether and grab a seat in the restaurant portion of the open floor plan. Just keep in mind that you can't smoke in the restaurant part, regardless though, the ventilation system isn't the nicest, so you'll be walking through smoke either way, but that is the norm for Vegas. 

If you've made it in far enough in and you're in the mood for some pizza choose between the Great White or Buffalo Chicken. The Great White is made with garlic and basil as well as two types of cheeses. The Buffalo Chicken is pretty delicious with chunks of freshly grilled chicken tossed in hot sauce baked into a golden crust. If you're a meat eater, the meatballs are homemade and accompany a bowl of piping hot spaghetti and marina or can be tucked into a French loaf for a sandwich style option. Trying to watch your waistline? Then get the Chopped Salad with your favorite vinaigrette as it comes with ham, olives, onions, tomatoes and lettuce.

Again, unless you're playing at the hockey rink, watching someone play at the rink or planning on getting your food to go, just avoid Brooksy's altogether. There's plenty of other places where ambiance, delicious food AND service are offered.Ǿ
This review is for 3.5 stars.

This is the best hockey bar in town.  Period.  If you want to watch a hockey game, come here.  But it's also a normal sports bar beyond that.  10 tvs, normal full bar (limited beer), solid pizza.  

They also have their venue overlooking one of the only ice rinks in town.  They host tournaments every few weeks, so come in on a weekend and you might see a few games going on, live.

Overall the staff was hit or miss. I went during a tournament so they were swamped and working long shifts.  It was tough to get the bartender's attention, but when I finally got to a table, the waitress was great.  The owner is also very friendly.  Hockey fans have a great spot in Las Vegas.Ǿ
"Twenty Times Two for Stepford"

The barmaid looked at me like a bug outside a window. Nauseated I was there but realizing I posed no threat. In a Stepford wife manner she inquired what I wanted and I said ice water. Why? Because that's what her look just poured on my balls. I slid a hundred into a poker machine and pressed sticky buttons.

To my right was a skating rink. Yes, a skating rink. A man was shooting pucks at a young goalie, coaching him as he did so. On the opposite side a lingerie wearing twenty-something was practicing pirouettes and nearly ended up in the third row. I hoped she was all right. Would be a shame to let that crumpled heap of fruit just rot there on the vine. No worries, though. She hopped right up and continued falling. Ripen on.

Stepford asked if I was hungry and I said no. Really, I'm fine. Just keep pouring water on my groin. A few minutes later I nailed 4 aces and cashed out. I left a twenty and moved to another machine. 15 minutes later I nailed another four-of-a-kind and cashed out again, leaving another twenty. Now Stepford's radar was operating. She again asked if I was hungry and I ordered a burger with fries. 

I walked around and admired some leather chairs, several telly screens and big glass windows overlooking the rink. There were stairs to walk down if you wanted to sit rinkside but I didn't. Tables near the windows made it look like a decent place for happy hour. I went back to my stool and ate. The burger was fine but the fries were too salty. An alcoholic near me had ordered a pizza and that pie looked good, yo. 

I asked Stepford if I owed anything for the food. She said no. She thanked me for the tip and I said you're welcome I'm sure. I went to the parking lot and drove away. I'll probably come back. I like places with a view that have poker machines that pay. 

Later.Ǿ
They are well known for the pizza and calzones' and now I see why! My 3rd time getting food here and it has been an incredible experience every time. They also have great specials everyday. The staff is super friendly and service orientated. You can eat/drink while watching live hockey games at one of the 2 rinks. Great Vegas experience!Ǿ
We love this place.... We come here for the incredible service, laid back environment, & seriously the BEST pizza we have had in a long time! (Sometimes the bar manager gives everyone a free slice!) 
You can come in, have a full view of the hockey rink and can watch the players do their thing... It's a total experience!!
Their happy hours are amazing! Half off drinks from 3-7 and ladies night on Fri and Sat (half off!)
We are picky about the places we spend our money,..and Broosky's is a place we always feel like we got our monies worth and have an amazing time!!! 
And - the waitresses did the Ice Bucket Challenge on my partner, which was amazing. Thank you Bethany and the other blonde!:-) We love you!:-)Ǿ
Hockey all around... Live thru the glass & lotsa games on the big screens. Good food, good drinks. Service varies from day to day. Ladies drink half price on weekend nights so that's nice :)Ǿ
The hockey rink was nice!  Brittney was awesome! That was such a great a great night! I will definitely be coming back.Ǿ
This bar and grill is attached the hockey rink that my husbands hockey tournament was taking place in over the weekend.  It was expected to be 90+ degrees in Vegas so I somehow managed to forget to pack a jacket (duh!) so I was a little under dressed to be spending time in a freezing hockey rink. I was lucky that Brooksy's had an entire glass wall where you can view the game and also order food and drinks in a nice cozy environment.  

The service here was great. Even though this was a bar, they didn't make a fuss when we brought in two packs of beer for the boys to drink after the game. We didn't drink the beer here and ordered lots of beer from them so perhaps that's why they were cool with it. The food was pretty decent - not super healthy stuff but it got the job done. 

We happened to eat here on Good Friday (no meat) and little was there for us to choose from. We ended up adjusting the ham and grilled cheese sammy to just being a grilled cheese. The bread was buttered and toasted perfectly and it had cheese oozing out the sides. It was so tasty! The fries that they were served with were ok. They could've stayed in the frier a little longer to get a bit more crispy but they were decent. I also ordered the side garden salad and it was really good for a garden salad. Lots of tomatoes and cucumber so they weren't stingy with their ingredients at all.

Their spicy bloody mary wasn't all that bad either. The glass it was served in was tall and narrow so a little on the smaller side but at least it was done well.  

Hats off the waitress that served all 20+ of us. She was awesome!Ǿ
I have always enjoyed going here. It's been  a cool place with that served great food. Not anymore!! The service sucked and if you order beyond the pizza part of the menu...you're served canned peas and carrots. I would think frozen vegetables would be a little more appealing. ....and fit in with the whole ice rink thing?!? Just saying!Ǿ
Great pizza, cold beer & you can watch Hockey; what could be better?!Ǿ
Yum!  Homemade pizza.  I ordered up the Butcher Block:  Sausage, Pepperoni, Meatball, Ham and Bacon Bits and it was delish.  I'm looking forward to coming back to see some hockey, check out the other eats on the menu and play a little Shuffleboard.Ǿ
Pizza here is great. Actually everything is good but it's surprising that a place like this would have such good pizza.  Order a pie and watch some hockey. Doesn't get much better than that.Ǿ
Brooksy's is one of my favorite hangouts!  I used to live directly across the street, but I still go there now that we've moved.

The service is great.  Friendly and quick. Good drinks (strong drinks!) and I even order food there.  (I don't typically eat bar food.  I just go for the beverages.)  The staff is super cool and do what they can to make your visit even better.  For example, I was there with a friend one time and the kitchen had closed.  I was craving their grilled cheese like crazy because it's SO good.  My friend made a special request (he might have slipped the cook a little cash--I'll never know!) and they made me a grilled cheese.  Even if my friend paid a little extra for the sandwich, I still found it nice of them to accomodate me. 

Nice atmosphere--spacious and open.  It's fun to sit next to the windows of the ice rink and watch the skaters playing hockey.  We also went iceskating one time and had a lot of fun!

Brooksy's will always be at the top of my list.  It's a great, chill, local hang-out.  Low-key and low-maintenance.  My favorite!Ǿ
This is the second time I've been in the last few weeks as my husband has started playing hockey at the ice rink attached. Both times the waitress has been super friendly and made sure I'm taken care. I like that they don't make me feel awkward being by myself...good drinks good food what else can you really ask for in a Las Vegas bar off the strip?Ǿ
Good atmosphere if you want to watch skating or hockey practice.  Actual menu prices are 2 or 3 more than shown on menu here. Server did not know what came on breakfast burrito so I got the pancakes.  They were OK. Again, nice for I've skating.  Not really a breakfast stop. 2.5 stars.Ǿ
There's no better place to watch hockey in town. This is the one bar in all of Vegas where you can be watching the New York Rangers playing the Los Angeles Kings on one of many large flatscreen TVs lining the walls while simultaneously taking in LIVE hockey overlooking an actual ice rink. The house beer league players might not be as good or fast as the guys on the television, but those games can be just as entertaining! Brooksy's Bar & Grill happens to be directly connected to the Las Vegas Ice Center and offers a beautiful view from a raised vantage point through large windows. Rather than dropping the kids off for public skate and freezing your butt off watching from the stands, Brooksy's offers a nice atmosphere with good drink and food.

The servers and bartenders are all fantastic and offer superb customer service even when the bar and dining area is slammed. They offer a full menu filled with your average bar type foods and the majority of the food is mediocre. Nothing overly disappointing, but nothing to write home about. Almost forgot! Stay away from the marinara sauce. I hate to say it, but it's probably the worst I've ever had.Ǿ
Hmm, I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet.  I've been here a few times for beers and hockey watching.  Not a great selection of beer.  I usually get Blue Moon.  Typical bar food, but the blackened chicken sandwich is pretty good.

The great thing about this place is you can watch people play amateur hockey through the amazing plexiglass windows they have overlooking the ice rink next door.  It's usually not really crowded so I've always had a great view of the action. The servers have always been nice and helpful when I've been there.  If you like hockey, check it out.Ǿ
Hey Brooksys,

We love this place ever since we had a Groupon.  You have great food , drink prices, and shuffleboard is fun too!  The only thing you are missing that would make me and my friends frequent much more often is if we could play Buzztime trivia at your place.  We want someplace other than Buffalo Wild Wings to eat and play trivia!  Please consider getting this trivia.  Check out the site.  http://www.getbuzztime.com/   Thanks!Ǿ
Great placed to catch the NHL playoff games. Friendly bartender, cold beer. Ladies night (Friday night) for me! Bonus! BF and I sat at the bar, but there is also a big room facing the ice arena for families. I enjoyed the cool air on our first 100 degree day.
I saw 3 servers, so other reviewers that were unhappy must have come at an odd time. The pizzas and calzones looked amazing. I had an average Turkey burger, BF had a Huge Calzone and loved it. We will definitely be back as the summer progresses.Ǿ
Fun bar, hot video poker machines sometimes paying out over $10K a week! Food is standard pub fare but it's really good! The wings are nice and crispy, the garlic knots are seasoned nicely, garlic fries are super yummy, buffalo chicken pizza is good, regular pizza is good, sampler platter is huge and can be shared, and the salads are huge. The only item I did not like at all is the turkey burger. It's apparently a "new" item, but I was thinking ground turkey, and what I got resembled ground turkey sausage pattie that was chunky and had no flavor. It made my stomach turn. Many other options to choose from though. 
Service is questionable when not at the bar. Bar staff is really attentive to refills, or food orders. Roaming waitress however, I'll agree with another patron, forgetful, chit chats for too long with patrons, and if there are multiple checks in your party, lol good luck. You'll have Joe's pizza on your check when all you ordered was a beer! Instead of waiting for 20 minutes for her return to check on the payment of bills, we typically just sort it out on our own with IOU's.Ǿ
They deserve 5 stars, but they're a hockey bar. I'm not a hockey fan at all and got dragged here by friends for the Wings game. YAY!!!!

In all fairness, if it weren't so Hockey centered it would be 5 stars. If you like Hockey it is 5 stars. If it were any other Hockey bar I'd probably give it 2 stars.Ǿ
Omg, how did I not know this place was here?!!! There's a bar and a seating area where u can watch hockey... Probably juniors, but really cool atmosphere :) garlic knots are yummy, but I haven't tried anything else yet... Maybe next time. :)Ǿ
I have been coming to this bar for years because my boyfriend plays hockey here. The wait staff here is absolutely terrible. The waitresses are always changing but the last two have been the worst so far.

Last week we had some blonde girl who was unbelievably rude. The way she talked to us was shocking. At one point she came over and left a pitcher of water on the table. My friend asked her for a cup and with the rudest look on her face the waitress said "I left you a pitcher on the table!" My friend said no I need a cup and again the waitress snaps at her that she left a pitcher of water on the table.... Umm okay, let's all drink out of the pitcher. One of the girls ordered fries and asked to change them to fire fries. The waitress goes, "what did you order again?" Guess what she brings out? Regular fries. They tell her and all they do is cake on spice.

Today we had another blonde waitress (different one). It was 11:56 PM and she asked if we were ready to order. We were waiting til midnight for the half off pizza deal and she told us that were not supposed to wait til midnight to get a deal, implying that we order now and pay full price. Excuse me??? Then she rudely asks what kind of pizza we want. She doesn't even ask us what size before she storms off. We ordered other stuff just for the two of us so obviously we wanted the small one, but of course she purposely brings out a large one. 

When we ordered our food I asked her for a water. She just nodded and 10 minutes later I still don't have my water. I ask again, have my friend ask, and ask yet AGAIN before she brings it out and literally slams it on the table 20 min later. Then she says to my friend "oh you mentioned a water too" and slams another water on the table a couple minutes later. Our food is out by that time and the rest of our party is done eating. I literally watched her do everything she possibly could except get our drinks. Talk to customers, talk to people at the bar, etc. She messed up my friends order and again she received plain fries instead of fire fries. After having dirty plates in front of us for 15 minutes she finally came by with a scowl on her face and we had to ask for our checks. The only reason we tipped is because my bf felt guilty. That only tip I wanted to leave her was "check your attitude."

Unfortunately I'm stuck coming to this place, but I'll stick to the bar or won't order anything from the dining area until they find different waitresses.Ǿ
The atmosphere here is decent, and you can watch any hockey games going on while eating and drinking in a climate controlled area. The food is decent and typical of bar food, with some dishes that really stand out. I recommend their Buffalo Chicken Pizza. The service is good and the seating is ample. They have a nice shuffleboard table. The bar selection is typical of a dive bar, with no craft beer selections.Ǿ
So machines are still tight but had the italian calzone which was OK for someone that never had a proper calzone. The bbq  chicken calzone was one of the worst things i ever tasted.Ǿ
Love the pizza...and it's half price after midnight so us swing shift working types get a good deal on food too! Staff is awesome...and a good view of the action at the Ice center. Also for the hockey fans there's some pretty awesome memorabilia on the walls. Did I mention the pizza is awesome?Ǿ
This place was very high energy during a Friday night hockey game. I had a great time and Tammy, the bartender, was awesome. This was not my first trip to Brooksy's but it was my first visit during a live game. They were very busy compared to the 2 or 3 other times I have stopped in for a drink. It was a fun atmosphere and the drinks were flowing. 

I also found out that Friday is ladies night. All of my drinks were half price. It was a nice little bonus when the bartender handed me the check. I was entertained while quenching my thirst for a cold draft for less cash than I expected. I left a happy lady with plans to return.Ǿ
Very good pizza crust is nice and crispy. They have lots of TVs to watch your favorite team/sport. They have an area where you can watch the ice rink   Sweet set up.Ǿ
ALL of the food is AMAZING here!  Seating is split between the bar and the sit-down dining room.  There is video poker, shuffleboard, big screen TV's displaying all the current sports games, AND you can watch kids playing live ice hockey on the attached rink.  So fun :)Ǿ
Great place to watch hockey and grab beer and fantastic pizza and wings.  Fun for family or just adult time.Ǿ
Ate here simply because we were playing in a hockey tournament at the attached ice arena. This isn't our 1st time playing in this tournament at this rink and we were all very happy the bar had been updated. It is much cleaner, food is better and the wait staff is much friendlier. Looking forward to coming back next year.Ǿ
Great place to watch hockey!!! No matter your team they are a neutral bar!! Bartenders root for the team of who's fans tip the best, which is awesome! They have gaming and a bar for adults, a restaurant section for families, and two rinks where you can watch live hockey!! They give away two Jerseys every Wednesday also. Highly recommend!Ǿ
Fun way to watch a hockey game while having a beverage or two! Stay nice and warm and see the whole ice!Ǿ
Great for hockey games, on tv and on the ice.  Food prices are very decent.  Only 3 stars given, the service seems to lack especially if you're not gaming.Ǿ
Typical bar setting and atmosphere pretty basic, great happy hour deals including 50% off for ladies :)

The bartenders are very nice and attentive. One even kept offering my bf cigs when he ran out.

Be prepared to wait outside for a little while if you go there during a game or on a Friday night. It takes them a minute to unlock the door after you ring it b/c they are so busy!Ǿ
Loved the Shuffleboard game here. We had it all to ourselves the day we went. 

1 con - because this 'bar' is attached to the ice rink there are kids in and out with their parents or whoever brought them, going back and forth to the bathroom, running through the front door etc. I just never thought a bar was a place for the kids to be taking over, just sayin....Ǿ
This place has really good food (the rasberry chipotle sauce is amazing!) the pricing is affordable too, service sometimes is slow.Ǿ
Not bad ambiance if you sit next the window to watch the amateur hockey games going on below. Food selection is the run of the mill bar food we have all come to know and love, with a fairly wide selection of appetizers, sandwiches and salads.  Prices are reasonable on drinks and food also.  Overall not a bad little place to relax, grab a drink and watch some amateur hockey.Ǿ
This place is awesome! Only place in vegas where you can have a pizza while watching a bunch of Americans try to play hockey in the desert!. 

Plus the service is awesome! And they give free beer for hockey players! 

@TamaraM maybe next time you're here order more than a free glass of water if you plan on staying longer than 45min... Just an ideaǾ
I can't remember the bartender's name which I regret, but she was awesome!  Super friendly, made us laugh from the second we sat down and made us feel right at home.  I'd give the food 4 stars, but since the bartender and other server were so great, it definitely earns 5 stars in my book.  Look forward to heading back there again sometime soon.Ǿ
Great place for pizza, beer, and hockey! We always come over here after our Tuesday night meetings for pizza and beer. We usually order the butcher block with sausage, pepperoni, ham and bacon bits and we love it. Great pie! They do happy hours everyday after midnight to 8am, and they also have drink specials for ladies as well. The staff is always very friendly, and the food/drinks always arrive in a timely fashion.

They have plenty of TVs and hockey to keep you entertained as well as gaming machines at the bar. Overall, a great place to hang out after a hard day's work.Ǿ
So tonight was pretty awesome. Kody served us some shots. Megan sat down and drank one of them and bounced..sayy what. Kody got a little upset because she wasn't getting as much attention as usual. The pancake-cakes were ok but I can say we have had better. Robby and Rob had way too much beer for their Irish car bombs. But we will be back. Probably every Thursday except on bye weeks...but for real Kody tell Megan we said what's up ;)Ǿ
Was enjoying a lovely game of shuffleboard in the bar and stepped away to the bathroom, came back to find a FAMILY scooting all the weights around the board. GET OUT. This is a bar, why are you encouraging your children to disrupt peoples' belongings? I was gone 30 seconds. Good bar service, good "bar pizza," and view of the hockey games. Would return AFTER bedtime.Ǿ
Nice, yet typical neighborhood bar and grille with one exception: Big glass pane windows overlooking the hockey rink, on a given night there's probably a game or two to watch. The place is casual though, really nice bartenders, comp well for gambling. Great happy hour, beer prices anyway, it's like $2 for a draft.

The chicken parm sandwich is pretty decent. Good size chicken breast and the sauce is thick and doesn't soggifiy the bread. Sandwich with soggy bread = FAIL.

Their mozzarella sticks and chips/salsa - both of which were pretty tasty, the tortilla chips were freshly fried and just the right amount of salt.

They jukebox plays a cool mix of old 80's rock - at least on Fridays. It'd be nice if they had a pool table but they do have shuffleboard if you're into that. 

I'll be back, especially when I want to keep if cheap and not feel like I'm having to cut back. It can be a little quiet in here, unless there's a hockey game on the big screen or a hockey game in the rinkǾ
This place is awesome!!! I love that you can watch hockey! Cold Beers and the best Pizza around!Ǿ
We are in town for the NHL development camp (Vegas Golden Knights) and have spent two half days at Brooksy's...yes two half days. The staff has been nothing if not warm,  engaging, courteous and funny. Although all of the servers were outstanding but  three parricularly stand out!!!  I want to give extra kudos to Rachel, Tiffany & Melissa. Not only were they excellent servers they were extremely kind to my 90 year old father who was watching his grandson for the first time live. So thank you ladies and thank you Brooksy's!Ǿ
Its midnight. Had grilled ham and cheese. It was on Texas toast with cheddar cheese. It was awesome. Our waitress, Megan, is the greatest ever! She needs a raise!!Ǿ
HOCKEY!!  It's got a real ice rink... for those from the north.  Some video poker.  Food ok... but again... HOCKEY!Ǿ
Hockey and a bar.  Easiest review ever!

Sadly yelp is requiring me to write more than my above review.  Simple sometimes Is better, like Brooksy's nothing crazy or over the top just awesome done right. The pizza is simple and delicious, I recommend anything and everything. Beer is cheap and delicious. Lots of TV's and hockey on them all.  

Had a new server/waitress ( Rochelle) was awesome, high five go team go.Ǿ
Hannah is the most amazing waitress in the joint. I highly recommend you sit in her section!Ǿ
If there any bar that truly reflects just taste of hockey in Vegas this is the mecca. On any given day/night you stop by if nothing going on in the bar, tv, or need entertainment all you need look out the windows see going on the ice. Given some of the hockey never be NHL vary from youth too adult leagues. If fan of the game (I love the game) kind of cool think go too local hole in the wall bar see some hockey! 

The bar it nothing really special about it. It basic local bar or more hockey players bar since most of the adult leagues at nights see player go too the bar with teammates for couple beers after their games. They do have nice HH Monday-Thursday 3-7 $2 draft beers and they serve pitchers. I find not many bars serve pitchers of beer anymore. The food they have special prices for HH. I never have  been there for the food honestly  just support teammates and drink after the game. They have basic bar food pizzas, wings, fries, and nothing special. I never heard bad things just basic bar food. Nothing too rave about or make you want have dinner. If looking hang out at local bar in the area and mix things up watch some hockey over beers this is the place too be..Ǿ
Brooksy's has delicious food! It's a bar and grill, built to compromise the whole family, kids too! The staff is always extremely pleasant and prompt. Always greeting you with a warm smile and delivering exceptional service. The best part is yiu can watch live hockey games while you eat! Fun atmosphere!Ǿ
This place is cool because it had an ice rink. It was a weekend day when I went in so it was kind of slow but the bar tender was nice and prices are great!Ǿ
Bartender was great but the seated area service leaves everything to be desired. 
   Waitresses brought out wrong sauces, let beers go empty for more than a few minutes, and it took her 13 minutes once my friend and I joined our table before she even came over, which was contact I had to initiate. 
    Both servers took their lunch at the same time in a booth in plain view and obviously the service suffered.
    The waitress did apologize and comped a pitcher of
 beer, however everything that was wrong could have been easily avoided with common sense. 
     We were 4 people, with only 2 other tables in the entire venue, and 2 servers.
    The bartender said these are the best 2 girl they have.... 2 stars because at least the bartender can do her job.Ǿ
Response to an earlier review:
Waitress: Is a Service Provider, An Employee and is the lasting image of customer satisfaction. It is what owners and investors of a business rely on to have return business. It is a shame that this establishment perhaps made a mistake in choosing this person to front their future. Thanks for posting.Ǿ
They have a shuffle board table and a good view of the hockey gamesǾ
Okay I didn't want to write this review people..not because I didn't have the best time in Vegas in a while, but because I knew if I gave this place 5 stars and talked it up so much I would lost the place to a lot of people! (Forgive me I don't like to share..LOL) But I just had to do it. I saw a coupon for Brooksy's like 2 weeks ago and figured I had a credit I would try it out. I then went to Brooksy's website and saw that Friday and Saturday nights are Ladies Night! Women we drink from 5pm-midnight half off! And it's not just WELL DRINKS it's every drink! I was thrilled to see that. Usually on a Friday if you want to get into Happy Hour you have to rush from work and you usually don't get more then 2-3 hours of the good stuff! Well that's not the case here! The bartender Tammy was the best! We also had server Sandy that made sure my husband's birthday was done up right! Now to the food. Bar food at it's best a good thing but Brooksy's Sampler made me feel like we had enough food for the troops! We order 2 of them which was only $10 a piece and got more then we asked for! They didn't give us our moneys worth, they over passed it! They have a junx box but it didn't work but Sandy said no fear. They had Direct TV and she put on the music and that's when our party got into full gear. Now here's the best part. It's right next door to the LV Ice Skating Ring..so for all the people who like and love hockey you can eat and drink and actually watch the game! There's a clear wall that separate Brooksy's from the Ice Skating Rink! You sit on the end and you get to see a great game! We only caught a pick up game but thought we have to come back and watch a real game(and I don't even like hockey..LOL). All I can say about Brooksy's is save me a seat if everyone is going to steal my new GEM that was found in Vegas. You got good people, great service, tasty food, and did I say LADIES NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 1/2 DRINKS 5PM-MIDNIGHT! You can't get any better!Ǿ
I come here because it's close to where I work and live and they have hockey on their tvs. The food is pretty standard for this type of place. The staff are very friendly, but you will sit with an empty glass for a while unless your persistent. I've never seen this in Vegas at any bar I've been to. Also, there are some places you go to and gamble to get free drinks. This isn't one of them. Gamble to gamble, but I've rarely seen comped drinks. Not a bad place though.Ǿ
Food is solid, and can't beat a burger and fries while watching hockey live or on one of the many large TVs on the walls. Solid all-American menu. The tri-tip was better than expected! Will definitely be back for more than just hockey.