Very good!

I went to Espadon on my lunch break last week. All the fish is extremely fresh. I had the shark (special of the day) and my co-worker had the shrimp. Both dishes were awesome. The bread rolls were great and extremely fresh as well.

I will go back soon.Ǿ
Walking up Saint Laurent just after lunch and discovered this unique causal seafood restaurant. We had to try this place even thought we had a full stomach.   

Fresh fish, shrimps, clams, squid and octopus on ice behind class display case. You pick your seafood, they weigh it and send it back to the kitchen for cooking. We grabbed our seats and shortly after hot dinner rolls came to the table, surprisingly  extremely good, not sure if they make it on site of just heat them, but the buns we great. Then came the garlic clams and shrimps. We loved it so much that we used the bread to mop up every bit of the sauce. The calamari were good too but did not compare to the shrimps and clams. Excellent seafood, but don't expect too much from the decor or service since the theme is very causal restaurant almost like cafeteria style.  Hope you stay around until we come back to Montreal.Ǿ
This place is great!!! They have very fresh and tasty seafood, the price is very reasonable given the quality of the food 

Seafood can be served in a regular plate with fries or in a smaller plate, so we got to tried more at one time 
We took the squid, shrimp, shark and they all taste good. Will definitely come backǾ
Stumbled upon this excellent find in Montreal. The food was excellent. Seafood was fresh and lightly battered and very crispy.  Excellent choice for casual Mediterranean fare. Owner is from Tunisia and very friendly.

Recommendations:
$4.99 tapas menu
- shrimp
- octopus
- calamari
- mussels

And the fish and chips, comes with a salad.Ǿ
I'd walked pass this resto several times then Sunday night I decided to go in and eat there, I dined with sis and we both enjoyed our meals. I had the sea bass and sis had the calamari main plate, the portions were plenty reasonable (generous) and were served with salad and fries. We could not finish our plates and carried home the leftovers.

This place is a great value, fresh fish/seafood at very reasonable price. The ambiance leaves much to be desired but when I go out to eat the most important thing is the food.Ǿ
I've ordered a few times at this place. It felt like most of the items were sold at a premium price for what you actually get. But hey, I got to taste shark! And there is garlic butter in their poutine... What else can you ask for?Ǿ
We had soup, octopus for an appetizer (5$), and shrimp (~12$) for the main course. Everything was good, fresh and relatively inexpensive. The only thing I would change is the decor, but it's more to the personal taste.Ǿ
The place is amazing!!!! The service is the best and the food is fresh, LITERALLY you get to pick the fresh fish and they give big portions and its really a cool place to chill with friends and family.Ǿ
I wandered by and was enticed by the specials sign outside. I ordered the calamari special and was very disappointed that it was from frozen.Ǿ
Walking up Saint Laurent Friday night. Fantastically fresh and expertly cooked seafood. We had fish and chips and grilled sea bass with a starter of calamari. Delicious!