So I've been to Gavi's several times and I'd have to say the overall experience has always been pretty good.  There was a time though where I wasn't that impressed at either dinner or lunch.  But I went back today for the first time in awhile for lunch and was very pleased.  Today was a 5 star experience for sure, the food was excellent however I'm keeping it at 4 stars since I need more similar experiences to move it up.  I'll clue you in to my favorite dishes.  The first one is Capellini Piedmont.  A thin pasta noodle sauted with olive oil garlic, spicy italian sausage, peppers,and  rock shrimp.  There might have been some spinch I don't remember.  But thats probably my favorite meal.  The menu has changed since the majority of times that I had been there so I haven't really explored it yet but the salad I had today for lunch was amazing.  It was a Gorgonzola crusted chicken salad.  This salad was a mix of romaine, iceburg and mixed greens with a extremely tender moist cut of chicken which had a Gorgonzola crust.  The salad also had extremely tasty small tomatoes, don't remember what kind they were but for me to say the tomatoes were good is an accomplishment because I used to hate them.  The salad was finished off with a Balsamic dressing, which I believe is there house and is damn good.  What I like about their balsamic is it has a nice balance of sweetness to it so its not too vinegary (sour).  They also sampled a new calamri soup which was very nice.  Has a little bit of spice to it and was a light broth based soup with some different vegetables.  The calamri pieces were very tender not tough at all.  I will update after future visits and hopefully revise my rating upwards on my experience,笑
What to say about Gavi's?  The dining room almost reminded me of an Olive Garden.  It has that fake/old classic look and carpeting.  They have a broad selection of cocktails and wines by the bottle.  Small selection of wines by the glass.  

I truly appreciated that they bring a pail of sliced fresh vegetables when you first sit down.  I think I actually got my recommended daily veggies, all thanks to Gavi's.  However, I did find it a bit odd that there was no dipping sauce or anything for the vegetables.  Yes, dip adds fat and calories but let's be honest - who can get celery sticks down without some sort of topping?  We asked for a side of ranch and received a homemade-to-order bowl of ranch dressing.  Newman's Own it wasn't.  Once you order, they bring a basket of really great rolls.  The service was good but felt kind of stuffy/formal.

My main gripe about Gavi's is that it was hard to find many entrees that didn't involve pork.  There's not much for vegetarians (or veg wannabes) unless you like plain old noodles and marinara sauce.  The eggplant rollatini appetizer (speaking of vegetarian) was very small but delicious.  The beet salad was good, but if I'm ordering a beet salad as an entree, something's wrong.  This place might be fine for an older crowd that likes Italian food heavy on the pork products.  Just not for me.笑
Gavi's is a-ok. Any kitchen that will cater to a customer who is intolerant of certain types of food wins in my book. 

My husband has Celiac disease. He cannot have anything containing wheat. Even the slightest trace can make him ill for days. 

Gavi's went out of their way to make sure to cook him up something delicious. They even told him that next time he could bring his own gluten-free pasta and they'd prepare it for him. This is how a good restaurant should be. We weren't even paying for a meal. We were there for a rehearsal dinner for our friends wedding. 

I'm very picky about Italian food and Gavi's did not disappoint me. I come from a huge Italian family and we have huge dago dinners more than once a week. If you're not there, grandma gets really mad and punishes you by force-feeding the next time she sees you. 

Free valet parking is always a nice touch.笑
Very, very good food, service, and atmosphere.  The pasta is made in house, the sauces that I have tried are well balanced, fresh and flavorful.  A couple bucks more than the lesser spots but you really get what you pay for.  The bar has a well rounded wine list and I believe there are various "specials" on different days.  But the food....  delicious...  Also, complimentary valet parking.  Nice touch!笑
If only the bar was a little bit bigger.  I love the ambiance here at Gavi's and the food is worth returning so you can try something different each time.  Price point vs. flavor is 5 stars.  The valet gets you past the parking problem.  Really nice wine list to compliment any dish they serve.  It seems like I always go with the antipasto platter for 2 but for good reason, lots of variety on the dish.  I really can't pick a favorite dinner option only because I think each that I had was equally good.  They do have a quaint summer patio to dine on in case those pesky dates of yours are calling for something 'special'...lol.  

A fun night in Willoughby would be to go and have a nice dinner at Gavi's and tear up the dance floor at WBC during nights they have a band.  Just be sure to leave a review the next day so we can find out how everything went!!

I have never went to Gavi's for lunch so I can't comment on that.