Too bad there are not zero stars or less for ratings. We chose to try out this place because we had an Entertainment coupon which said it was valid anytime. We asked if we could use it when placing our order, and the waitress told us that they do not accept them for breakfast. We should have gotten up and left then. The over-easy eggs were runny, the toast was cold, the grits were lumpy, and our waitress tried to serve our meals to the table next to us. We tried once again to use the coupon up at the register, were again refused, and when we called their attention to the fact that it said valid anytime, the cashier called our attention to a little handwritten notice taped to the front of the register counter that said they did not accept the coupons for breakfast. First of all, nice place to put it, when you have already finished eating, and secondly, what the heck difference should it make when you use it? Six dollars is six dollars, regardless of what time of day it is. We won't be going back.Ǿ
The waitress was nice and attentive.  She took our drink and food order right away.  The food arrived in about 5 minutes, fast! Our food was good and we had a pleasant time.
 Now the down side.  The place could use a thorough cleaning/updating.  When you go to pay the bill and look at the area in the back, it is filthy.  The wall going to the kitchen is gross.  I will not be going back!Ǿ
This has been one of my favorite places to come for years!  

They really cater to a senior crowd and even feature early bird specials for them.  The prices are reasonable overall though.   

The main thing I come here for is the corn beef.  The sandwiches are stacked and thinly sliced.  I absolutely love them.  

They have a lot of pies to choose from for desert, but I never have any room left to try them,.  You can take a look at them on your way out when you pay your check at the register.  

I am getting hungry writting this review.  See you at Luna's.Ǿ
We entered Lunas on a weekday for lunch and a woman rocketed past us carrying a high chair and quickly put it against a booth in the corner. She didn't say anything to us. Then a second woman came out of nowhere and said 'You can go over there' pointing to the general area the first woman was now standing.  It was really weird. I've become accustomed to being greeted, being asked how many people are in our party, and also being asked if we need a high chair or booster chair. But okay, I guess we'll skip all that and go directly to sitting and my almost 4 year old is apparently sitting in a high chair again.
Lunas was half filled with senior citizens and half empty. The TV's in the corners had the news on. And senior pricing and specials we're plentiful.  Luna's definitely caters to the areas seniors. But the value isn't just for AARP cardholders - The whole menu is priced very reasonably.
Today I got the Westsider. It's sliced meatloaf with gravy atop a piece of bread. It was served with a side of steamed veggies, a bowl of soup, and a scoop of mashed potatos. Delicious! The food here always reminds me of the stuff my mom used to make. Their corned beef is really good too.
The waitress turned out to be attentive, friendly, and efficient too!
If you're in the mood for some feel-good food then Luna's is the place to try. Trust me.Ǿ
Yummy breakfast food. Their breakfast special is 2.99 & comes with three eggs, potatoes, bacon/sausage/ & toast. It's served all day. Anyone that knows me can tell you I'm a potato FREAK! Their hash browns are AWESOME. I'm actually drooling right now thinking of them!

Our hostess looked like she was just unfriendly and at the end of our meal she rang us out while on the phone taking a personal phone call. Our server came over to take our order, didn't introduce himself and just stared at us for a few seconds before asking if we knew what we wanted. Took forever to bring us our check .. I had to actually get up and go to the counter to get it because he was just staring into space. 

Good food. Good portions. Bad service.Ǿ
AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!!!
Cold and under cooked food with a rude and disrespectful owner. Neither of us took more than a couple of bites and we were both disgusted. when we went up to pay for our coffee, the owner told us that was "hard to believe" and three our check. Seriously? Who does that??? I could understand if we had eaten it. We told our served right away that we didn't like it and 99% was left on the plates. Even the coffee was nasty, but we were willing to pay for it. 
We've been there a few times in the past and it was so-so. They don't make a lot of things fresh (per our server). Most everything is pretty made, but today we were looking for a fast meal, not a perfect one. What we got was disgusting slop and attitude. Never again!Ǿ
If you're looking for a home cooked meal then this is your place. Their food is fantastic with a variety not usually offered by a family style restaurant. What a great staff too; they always are attentive to your dining needs to assure you have a great experience along with fantastic food. Breakfast, lunch or dinner is always a great bet when you're in the mood for some down home style cookingǾ
Food here is fantastic....staff is a bit odd, but friendly enough.  Have been coming here since 1998.  Salads are really delicious here, sandwiches are also tasty.  Nice place to hang out with pals.Ǿ
Another nice little mom and pop diner.  I've been here for lunch 3 times and each time the food has been delicious, satisfying portion size and a good bargain.  The servers are pleasant and attentive.  They have some good lookin' desserts but I haven't had room to try them yet. Try the fish sandwich.Ǿ
I was there today and I most likely will not be returning anytime soon. The server Elmer was very slow and messed up our orders. Everyone else who works there seemed very unhappy to be there an really just brought down the vibe. It then took our server so long after he cleared our plates to bring the check that we stood up to ask for it and the lady ringing us out was extremely rude. I have not been here in a long time and will never go back.Ǿ
I really like this diner a lot especially for breakfast. It is fast and inexpensive and delicious. The home fries are so tasty. They have quiet an extensive menu for both breakfast and lunch/dinner. Portions are large, food arrives quickly and service is good. Give them a try!Ǿ
Best late breakfast in the area....breakfast special is always a good bet. Yes things can get busy in there but the servers are friendly an usually handle it well. Food is just like mom and grandma used to make. Will be back very soon!Ǿ
The food was good. My mother and I were quite annoyed with the staff! Our server was very nice and it isn't that the staff isn't nice, most of them are. What was annoying that the one waitress was allowed to have her children run around. Sorry Luna's is not a daycare! I have no problem with people bringing children to work but watch them!Ǿ
Stopped here for a late Sunday Breakfast. We usually do Bob Evans but this was on our way home from church so we figured we'd give it a try for something different. The restaurant was completely packed but we were seated very quickly. I got a coffee, my first cup was definitely not the best coffee I have ever had, but when I got a refill, it was much better, might have just been a weak pot. My boyfriend and I ordered off the breakfast menu. The French toast was well made, I ordered it with strawberries that turned out to be the consistency of a sundae topping. I wish I would have been warned that it wasn't actually fruit. Otherwise, the food was good. We especially enjoyed the home fries. The price of the meal for the amount we received was fair. Overall, we would probably give Luna's another go, maybe on a morning other than a Sunday!Ǿ
Food has recently gotten a little better. For those with kids, the kid's meals are full size adult meals.

Place could use a general overhaul, as everything is dated. Also a thorough cleaning could help too. Staff is and always has been, great! Menu is varied enough that even the picky eaters will find something to like. Portions are on the large side. Meatloaf is very good, and the fries are always generous and hot.

As noted in other reviews, this place is senior citizen utopia.Ǿ
The food and the prices are awesome.  End of story.

The service can be a little slow, and when they're hectic perhaps it comes across as a bit rude.  If you are looking for a warm greeting, lots of check-ups during your meal, and a very "on top of it" server, this place might disappoint.

But if you want an awesome breakfast on the cheap (can't beat their 2.99 special), a great corned beef, traditional dinners, etc, all at good prices you will enjoy yourself.Ǿ
Breakfast was horrible.  Went there for the first time in a few years and they have really went down in quality. 
 Pancakes tasted funny. Scrambled eggs were more fried then scrambled. Bacon was like burnt leather. 
  At least toast was good. 
 But to be fair my wife liked her scrambled platter.Ǿ
The service has really gone down since the new management has taken over. Food seems very bland, and you can obviously see they miss the hostess that used to work in the afternoons. I would not recommend this restaurant at all.Ǿ
Stopped in for breakfast after passing it every single day on my way home. The inside reminds me of a NJ diner, but the food was anything but. The corned beef was so tough and dry; the turkey club we ordered came in pieces, the bread was soggy. The French fries were the highlight of my visit. The locals swear by this place but it's definitely a pass for me. Service was average, the price was fair, and at the end of the meal I was still hungry, that's never a good sign.