Never heard of Bruxie before. We were staying at New York New York in Vegas and decided to try it for brunch before heading back home. It was one of the best fried chicken I have had out. I had the chicken with chipotle honey sauce. It came with a bacon cheese waffle. The chicken was so crispy and moist. The waffle was to die for.  My boyfriend had the original chicken sandwich. The waffle for the sandwich was thinner than my waffle. He didn't really care for the slaw on it. I tasted it and thought it was good. Just a matter of taste I guess. There is no denying how good the actual chicken is though. We also had the mac and cheese. It was really good. Wish there was a Bruxie near our home. I've been craving that chicken since leaving Vegas.笑
This place speaks for its self. Dre is super friendly and very attentive he got our food out to us super fast and made sure we were good at all times. Now for the food it was really good and moist the it was a lot of food for a little bit of money, I should have gotten a kids meal.. but the visit was well worth it and we will definitely be back when we decide to visit Vegas again.笑
Food was stellar. Soda, fries, chicken all quality. Only improvement if they read yelp is the line was so slow to order.  They had two registers, no idea if they noticed business walking away from the line from slow ordering. 

Plan to return.笑
I totally loved this.  I don't eat full plates BUT..I did that day.   So the concept of this Chicken Waffle Taco was foreign to me.  And the fact it had "stuff" inside I was not sure I wanted it.  I always try new things so why not.  So after my first bite, I don't think I tasted much more because I inhaled the rest of it.  This invention was super yummy.  And it is so wonderful to know there is a location in Los Angeles.  I need to stay away from it because I will have this more often than I need.  

The lemonade was good too, and don't forget...it's Vegas so you can add a punch to your lemonade.  

The service here was VERY good.  Everyone was friendly and attentive.   

This place ROCKS!笑
Our last night in Las Vegas we decided to eat at a restaurant near our hotel.  We chose to dine at a restaurant at The Park on The Strip.  For a second night in a row, my husband suggested eating fried chicken since he had previously seen a billboard at Bruxie early in our stay.  

We have eaten at Bruxie's 2nd location at Santa Monica's Third Street Promenade and was happy to see a familiar California transplant here at The Park.  At this location, ordering typically easy as you walk in, you'll see the menu boards above the order counter.  First, order your food and beverage at the counter.  Next, you'll be given a small placard with a number that identifies your order.  Meanwhile, find seating that will accommodate your group and finally, a server will bring your food to you.

At this location, the service was friendly and efficient.  The food was tasty and served fresh and hot from the kitchen.  The fried chicken in our sandwiches had a crisp breading and the chicken breast meat was actually quite tasty and moist.  Waffles are used as the bun to the sandwiches.  The fresh baked waffles are light and crisp and hold their texture without getting soggy.

We enjoyed the food and flavors at this site.  The only surprises that we had were the higher prices of our draft beer ($8) and sandwiches.  Ah, but, this IS Las Vegas.笑
Custard sundae was bomb. Friendly staff. Custard sundae was bomb. Friendly staff. Custard sundae was bomb. Friendly staff.笑
Pretty good. We went for breakfast but it was more like brunch. The waffles were delicious, as well as the chicken. We were the first to be served and got in and out real quick.笑
We stayed at MGM and was able to walk to this location passing through New York, New York. The place was good. The chicken was not dried and the waffles tasted great too. 
We ate here on 6/16/17, the only flaw was they had no AC. They had huge fans and provided ice water if you didn't want to use money on drinks. Also try the fried pickles, they were amazing too!笑
All types of Waffle sandwich loved the idea! The food was served quick and was very good. Waffle had the perfect consistency not to hard or soft and has a very good flavor. I ordered the breakfast waffle and the creme brûlée waffle which was delicious didn't even have to add syrup!笑
Food and service were great! I got the original friend chicken sandwich on a waffle! Amazing!! Chicken is made to order, hot and fresh! Great taste! Great location you can sit inside or outside. The service was great. The manager kept busy keeping drinks full and making sure food was good and noting was needed.笑
We tried the nashville hot sandwich, mushroom and grilled chicken salad, deep fried pickles, fries, mac and cheese and root beer.  The chicken sandwich was just alright; it didn't have any hot sauce which we found weird - they might have just forgot to put it on.  The best part of the meal for me was the salad since its so difficult to find some healthy food on the strip. The soda was great since it was kind of different and you get free refills. We got amazing service from the guy that cleans up the tables.笑
My wife and I had a breakfast craving around 11pm and had the misfortune at ending up here and this low level yelp trap. A perfect lure to trap tourists into faux hipster gourmet. 

We each got three piece chicken meals with what they sell as a "waffle". Having eaten c+w all over this country I figured I had a good idea what Im eating when i order c+w.... 

Wrong. 

This place doesnt even serve real waffles. They serve a rock hard and dense brick of biscuit dough that has been subjected to abuse in a waffle press. 

Fake ass waffle and SERIOUSLY OVER SALTED batter for the fried chicken. To salvage the meal i had to pick the breading off (no saving the disgusting waffles, they went into the trash). 

God help you if you are dumb enough to think this food is worth paying for.笑
There always seems to be a line out the door! But it is worth the wait. Everything is served on or with a waffle. I went for lunch for the first time and ordered the original chicken and waffle sandwich with a side of the mac & cheese. Sandwiches served with a cider slaw - The chicken was incredibly fresh and juicy. The mac & cheese had bacon & a hint of hot sauce and was to die for! They had two local  beers on tap and a variety of other non-alcoholic drinks available. For a chicken and waffle (fast-food) house there is a wide selection of food available.笑
Hipster McTrendy Superdream.  My wife and I showed up one morning right as they were opening.  To get a feel for what the place is all about, we ordered a signature buttermilk fried chicken waffle sandwich, one of the spicy fried chicken waffle sandwiches, some waffle fries, and a couple of coffees. What a fantastic place.  Both sandwiches were fantastic (I really liked the slaw and chili honey on the original), the waffle fries were great, and the coffee was awesome.  For the price, this is the best deal on the strip (particularly if you are staying in New York New York, it's next door).  The service was excellent, and I can't imagine NOT visiting this place the next time I'm trying to kill a hangover in Vegas.笑
One of the best places that we tried while in Vegas. We are here three different times and it was amazing every time! Wish they had one of these close by! Definitely a must try when in Las Vegas.笑
When I was in Vegas this past March, my friends and I decided to try this place. One of the best decisions we've made as a unit lol. I tried the Original Fried Chicken and Waffle and the Strawberry Lemonade! Chicken was seasoned to perfection and the waffle was light and buttery. So good, I wish we could of stopped through again to try some of the other menu items.笑
Naked waffle combo with a strawberry lemonade and side of fruit / chicken tenders and fries. All for $20. 

Pros - food was sooooo good. Waffle is very light and tasty. Chicken was fast and seasoned perfectly. Drink was good (free refills too). 

Cons - no close parking. We used the valet at New York New York. 

So with the valet tip , the experience for 2 is $23 . Not bad for being right on the strip.笑
BRUXIE fix in Vegas!~ 

I finally got to try some "Bruxie" food after never trying the one that used to be in SD at State (now closed) =[.. so it was cool to give it a shot. The inside and outside has neat decor and tons of seating with even TV's too! So the organization of this place is casual with ordering up front with the cashier and then they deliver you your food made to order. 

I tried the *Fried Chicken Poutine* which was delicious with the gravy, cheese curds, fried chicken pieces, and chives on top of waffle fries. The *Original Fried Chicken & Waffle Sandwich was interesting to taste with the chile honey sauce. I closed it out with dessert: *Lemon Cream & Berries Sweet Waffle* and *S'mores Sweet Waffle*... both were excellent!

The busser guy working the patio was also very friendly and on point.. so efficient being quick and helpful! Overall, Bruxie hits the spot for decently priced and crafty tasty eats, desserts, and lemonade with great service.笑
The waffle and chicken are perfectly crunch just the way I like it. It's great that they don't over do it on the waffle syrup. The price is a bit high, $11 for one, sandwich. Didn't try the desserts waffle but the kids seem to like them.笑
Definitely worth your money.

I ordered the Nashville sandwich (spicy!!) and it was bigger than I thought! 
- chicken was seasoned nicely 
- waffle is flaky and tasty
- sandwich is big!

Boyfriend got the buffalo chicken tenders and man can you smell that buffalo sauce! 

I'd love to come back for breakfast!笑
Bruxie was excellent! The food and service were so good it motivated me to write my first Yelp review (after using Yelp frequently for 3 years.)

I had a bacon egg cheddar breakfast sandwich and my husband had a pastrami and Swiss sandwich. He really liked his too. The cashier answered my menu questions with patience and kindness.
Our food and drinks were brought to our table and removed as we finished by friendly staff. Even brought me a free refill on my soda.
Highly recommend. Wish we had a Bruxie near us in Chicago.笑
I highly recommend their blueberry shake. Their albacore tuna melt waffle is good as well but kinda salty. The portions are pretty big.笑
Had the original chicken and waffle sandwich and it was excellent. The honey sauce is probably the best part. There are a couple of beers to choose from too.笑
#sandwichgoals #bestsandwichinvegas #hangovercure
If there is one sandwich to eat while in Vegas, it should be this one, the Original. The waffle was thin and had the perfect crisp and the fried chicken breast had such glorious crunchy breading drizzled with a honey chili sauce and topped with a slaw.  I'm dreaming of this sandwich right now.   

We ordered a side of waffle fries which were not really necessary, as my dreams were already fulfilled by the sandwich.  The homemade strawberry lemonade paired well with the sandwich (I'm acting like it's fine wine).  Plus free refills.  

Don't sleep on Bruxie!笑
I'm normally not a fan of Chicken and Waffles only because other places I have tried such as (Roscoes Chicken & Waffles) were over pried and greasy or just was too salty and not crispy. 

Decided to try Bruxie because I read somewhere that they were pretty good and also since we came to check out the new T-Mobil Arena. Staff was friendly and although it was pretty busy we only waited about 10 min for our order .

The Chicken was very tasty and not as great as I was expecting which is a plus. 

Waffles were so moist and yummy . I just wish the Savory Waffle that came with my chicken and waffle skillet order was bigger or they could have given 2 pieces rather than 1 for the amount of chicken it had. 

Over all , prices are decent or what you expect for food on the strip . I would defiantly eat here here again. I got back to my moms house wishing I had placed a to-go order. 

Wished they had this place in the Bay Area where I'm from but I guess it's a good thing they don't or else I'll be broke and obese if I ate this everyday.. Lol 

Try it , you won't be disappointed!!笑
The first problem with the service. As we arrived the line was slightly out the door. Not a big deal it's a new place definitely okay with that. The problem I seen was they had an employee asking customers if they have any questions about the menu. My opinion is it's mostly Chicken and Waffles so I don't think they'll  be too many questions. But that is the problem she could be helping the girls at the register because they were going pretty slow. My party ordered two meals. One was the Nashville it seemed pretty greasy at the bottom and soaked up the cardboard waffle holder. Not sure it's supposed to be like that but it wasn't very appetizing to look at. Second meal the Carolina BBQ pulled pork I liked it but the pork was cold. We liked the waffle fries. We decided to share the side Caesar salad, it's served in a paper soup cup size. That item was the worst item that we had. the salad was a little old showing rust throughout almost every piece. The parmesan cheese that was on it, was old tough to bite into and turning colors. The dressing was not bad and they don't put croutons in that salad. All in all the waffles are tasty but but they should be that's what you're going for it's just the idiosyncrasy of the other items on their menu.笑
There are no words to sum up the experience. The food was amazing and the employees are very friendly. Best waffles I've eaten笑
Best chicken and waffles I have ever had. The fried chicken had amazing crunch, drizzled with chili honey and the waffle was light and fluffy with bacon bits baked in. The mac and cheese with bacon bits and a buffalo sauce was also legit.笑
I've been a fan of Bruxie from Orange, CA and I'm glad to see that Las Vegas has their own in New York New York right next to Shake Shack. If you been to here before in Orange then the menu is similar.
 
For this visit, just wanted to try the chicken tender meal to see how it compares. The waffle cut fries were good and the chicken tenders were hot and juicy. I would definitely want to come back and try the chicken and waffle sandwich and the creme brulee dessert sandwich. 

What is diffrent though is that they do have a small menu for beers on tap and they do carry Stiegl which is a plus! Next, they do provide a clean space with their napkins, condiments, syrup, and water cups. Finally the seating area is spacious but it won't seem like there will be a seating problem since it is located in The Park so there is a lot of outdoor seating too.

Finally it seems like they are training their staff still and I do appreciate that they did check on our table a lot to make sure we were ok. They do charge a 3% surcharge to ensure healthcare and benefits for their team for each transaction but it's not a big deal since everyone of their staff was helpful and friendly that our table interacted with. Definitely will be back to try more!笑
I wish more of the meals came with fries/weren't an additional charge, but the food was satisfying for brunch after a long night out! Living in LA, I've surprisingly never tried chicken and waffles. Was it super great quality? Not exceptionally, but what made me give it 4 stars is that the people working there were super friendly & attentive. It was really refreshing and unique to see such good service at an order-at-the-counter type restaurant. They deserve some recognition, I wish I got their names! Thank you though :)笑
Amazing service and great food!  Wishing we had one closer to us.

My daughter had the grilled California chicken pesto.  She said it's one of the best sandwiches she's had.  I had the fried chicken poutine.  I should have shared with someone.  It was very good.笑
Parking can be a little tricky. I would suggest parking Monte Carlo. It's the closest walk and the first hour is free!  

Came here on a Saturday night and there's not that many people there. We weren't that hungry so we decided to share the Nashville chicken bruxie sandwich. Thank god we did because the serving size is huge!!  It can definitely feed two people. Unless you're very hungry, I would suggest sharing. The workers are very nice. And extra star given for the great customer service. 

We got our sandwich shortly. It looked amazing. However I would give the sandwich 3 stars. For me it was very salty!  The chicken is fried to perfection. But the amount of actual meat you get is very little because the breading is very thick. The waffle is delicious. Crispy and slightly sweet to balance the salty chicken. I also loved the pickle and slaw inside it. Basically everything cut the saltiness of the chicken. I had to put a lot of syrup on it to balance the taste... Which is very unhealthy. I'm basically using a ton of sugar to cover a ton of salt. Also, it doesn't have that Nashville sweet and spicy flavor. Just salty.笑
I really don't understand how this place has 4.5 stars? Original chicken sandwich was pretty flavorful but my top waffle was completely cold. The fried chicken cobb salad that my husband ordered was pretty good, especially because they were generous with the avocado and the bacon. However, his chicken had less seasoning than mine in the sandwich, so it was a bit bland. It's okay, and reasonably priced for the Strip ($12 for a sandwich), but definitely nothing to write home about.笑
I dragged my in-laws here, in the heat, walking from Treasure Island (they have free parking, what can I say), all the way over to Bruxie's - which wound up being an hour long walk. Was it worth it, yes. Would I do it again, I don't know, since the in-laws are from LA and the original Bruxie's originated in LA,  so I think I'll just stop by next time we visit but...oh well. 

The waffles for the sandwiches were kind of plain but the chicken itself was phenomenal. We had the Southern BBQ and the Nashiville Hot. Both were good in their own right and I honestly couldn't pick a favorite. The in-laws shared some chicken strips with waffles that rivaled a pretty damn fine dessert. I honestly wished my waffle in the waffle sandwich was a little sweeter, but they were still good nonetheless. 

All in all, totally worth the a hour we spent walking though I do wish the items I saw photographed on Yelp were on the menu. Oh well, I guess.笑
Loved it so much we came back again. Savory and sweet, all delish. Service amazing. Don't be intimidated by long line - it moves quickly.笑
I took my honey down to The Park to check out the restaurants and ride the roller coaster at New York New York.  We decided to try Bruxie because I kind of have a thing for chicken and waffles.  Awesome chicken waffle sandwich- "the original"- came with chili-honey and cider slaw (I normally don't like slaw- can't stand mayonnaise- but this stuff was good). I declared it the best thing I have ever had.  Wifey couldn't stop smiling.  We will be back!笑
Great place to try. I was in Vegas for 2 nights and ate at Bruxies both days. Their Chicken Strips are delicious along with their Turkey Club sandwich. Strawberry lemonade is good as well. And their staff is AMAZING! Very friendly and informative if you need some help picking out something from their menu. Will definitely try them again on my next visit.笑
Last month it was the first time eating here !!! We saw the reviews and decided to give it a try. my boyfriend and I loved it ! We will be coming here again when we come visit Vegas !! Super delicious and great customer service ! Beautiful atmosphere.笑
Great place, out in LV for a few days and ran into this gem. Don't go here if your on a diet.笑
VISITED ON: May 25, 2017

REVIEW: A Winning Combination

Having heard of this Southern California chain famous for its chicken and waffles sandwiches, I stopped by their The Park location that Thurs. morning hoping to be impressed. I ordered a traditional fried chicken and waffle sandwich and it tastes pretty good. The balance of flavors and seasonings made the chicken tasty while the waffle was similar to Belgian waffles that I had tasted in the past. 

My only complaint is that there was a little too much syrup in the sandwich which made the chicken a little too sweet. Other than that I enjoyed the sandwich very much and this is a good place to grab breakfast or even an afternoon or late night snack.笑
the food was awesome! The service at that location was impeccable. Enjoyed the food since it was my 1st time. Would go back again, and again..笑
My friends and I had just come from a game at the T-Mobile Arena. Since we'd already shelled out the $15 for parking, we figured we might as well stick around and pick a place to eat. I mentioned fried chicken to my friends and they were totally on board! 

There was a bit of a line and I have to say it didn't move very fast - I think there was only one person taking orders. But once we made it to the front and were given a little buzzer, things moved quickly. It was a beautiful day, so we waited at a table just outside for our food. Our buzzers actually never went off, our food was simply brought out one at a time. 

I ordered the Irish Nachos. I'm a sucker for waffle fries and these totally delivered. They were absolutely covered in cheese sauce. 

My friends both ordered the traditional fried chicken waffle sandwich and I got to have a few bites. It was delicious! The chicken had crunch and flavor. The waffle was light, crispy and savory - almost like a bread instead of a waffle. The sandwich also had slaw and honey - so good! Both moistened the waffle just a little, which made for a nice texture and balance to it's crunch. 

I definitely want to come back to this place and try one of their dessert waffles, too!笑
Stopped by here for lunch today and had the original fried chicken waffle sandwich. It was probably one of the best chicken and waffle combinations I've ever eaten... slightly spicy chicken with a sweet sauce and coleslaw. Might have to come back and try a sweet version before we leave town.笑
Yummmmm!! I haven't even been drinking and this was one of the best chicken and waffle sandwiches I've ever had! Great portion too. Hormone free chicken- bonus.笑
Absolutely delicious!!! We ordered the original chicken & waffle sandwich and it was to die for!笑
Typically I don't do the "chain" reviews here, but oddly enough I wanted to recognize my trip to Bruxie on the recent Vegas outing. It was shockingly pleasant?!?

So outside of the walls of NYNY sits Bruxie in the blossoming Park area between it and Monte Carlo. Prime real estate indeed with this area flourishing, but the whole "don't eat what we have at home" theory plays in sometimes because rarely do I see this place packed.

I had a random craving for chicken fingers and totally overlooked this, but glad I didn't this time. The batter was crispy and flaky, but was not falling off the chicken so they certainly represented on that night. The chicken itself was very moist and not a bite over cooked as I've grown used to. It did come partnered with a Carolina BBQ sauce which took the meal to new heights and even the herb ranch dressing left me clucking with pleasure.

I didn't quite care much for the staff as they weren't all that friendly, but I focused on the food and tuned them out very easily once I dug into the chicken. I always knew them for good waffle sandwiches, but now I'd list them out as a go-to chicken tender spot. Well buck buck to that!笑
We got the the chicken and pastrami. It was really really good. The chicken was super fried and crispy and the batter had some special ingredients. The pastrami was on point as well. I am a fan because you can hang outside so the kiddos can run around with the waterfalls. The seating inside can accommodate for large groups as well. Right across the street from the M&M store.笑
Comfort Food, waffles, fried chicken, great breakfast, ice cream, sweets and even a salad ;)

PROS: food quality, originality, fast efficient service, very tasty, they go out of their way to help. You get the feeling they r glad u came.


CONS: not many vegitarian choices, if on a diet, just have a protein drink, n apple n keep walking. Don't even stop笑
We had such a great time at Bruxie, with great ambiance and customer service, and the food was delicious. The waffles are so light, and amazing - not what you'd expect from a waffle. The hot pastrami was great and their famous chicken waffle was incredible...and the ice cream was perfect!笑
This is our first time here. We heard about that place since its in Southern California . We just had to try. It's located by shake shack in the new Park!  It's really loud inside! We ordered chicken tenders with waffles fries and chicken poutine. They were moist and tender! They also had many hot sauces on the side to get some! Prices are reasonable. Waited maybe about 15 minutes to get the food. We were some tables with chairs and bar stools. Must go back for our next Vegas trip笑
One of the benefits of living in Las Vegas is not having to travel too far to sample the best of food franchises from all over the country. Where else would you find In-N-Out, Shake Shack, Eggslut, and the soon to open, Momofuku and Halal Guys all in one town? Bruxie, a chicken and waffle favorite originating from Orange County, is now available in The Park. 

Their waffle sandwich is made to perfectly pair with the chicken. The waffle is not sweet, somewhat thin, and stays crispy. It sandwiches a perfectly tender chicken breast. Most people try the original buttermilk chicken first, but I loved the Nashville-style hot chicken. The spicy and smoky flavor is not exactly that of the Nashville chicken I experienced at Hattie B's, but delicious nonetheless. I didn't see this item offered at any of the other Bruxie locations so this may be a Vegas exclusive. 

If you're a fan of waffle cut fries, these are a must have. 

I'll have to return to check out their sweet waffles including the Liege Belgian-style waffle. I'm also excited that they offer frozen custard, which hopefully does justice to the Wisconsin frozen custards I've tried.笑
This is my first time trying Bruxie. When my bf and I walked in, there was a line, but it went along quickly. There were so many options to choose from and the employees display great customer service! I love how the workers walk around each table from time to time to see if everything is ok. They even take your cup and refill it for you ! My BF and I will definitely be coming back!笑
My friend and I shared the Irish nachos and the original 3 piece chicken with the bacon cheddar waffle. The chicken was definitely the star - so tender! The syrup paired well. The Irish nachos were good but the sauce was a bit overpowering and made the fries soggy if you wait a bit to eat it. The portions were huge as well. We only ate half the food and felt stuffed! Coming back to Bruxie to try a waffle chicken sandwich and all the other things on menu next time!笑
YUM!!!! this place is amazing! I came across this place while walking the strip and couldn't help but notice a sign that said "original chicken waffle sandwich" and I knew I had to try it! It was absolutely delicious! They also make their own sodas which is pretty cool. I had the regular Cola and my boyfriend had the root beer. Both were great! The service was also excellent! I'm looking for my next visit to Las Vegas so I can come here again笑
Was around the area with my wife. Decided to go in late night. Wasn't busy at all. Unfortunately we weren't greeted, and the layout is a little weird, so since we didn't see a cashier we had no idea what to do. After 2 min. Someone asked if we where ready, we said yes! But he couldn't help us, he called for someone from the back to come out. After we ordered. Things got slightly better. Cheese fries are good. Mac and cheese was eh. Average. My wife got the chicken and cheese potato skins, and she left half. I would definitely be back to explore better options on this lengthy menu.笑
This place delivers on all its promises. I didn't expect to order at a cashier and the line/wait can be improved (with only one cashier). But the chicken, waffles, and price are excellent. The chicken is a nice hearty portion and the waffle is light and thin (not too heavy). That combined with great slaw and condiments made it a delicious meal. Had crispy chicken and buffalo chicken sandwiches.笑
Awesome breakfast!!!  We tried and Prosciutto & Swiss Breakfast sandwich and Bruxie Waffle.  Highly recommend them!  Very tasty!!  My kids loved dessert sandwiches like Nutella & Banana and S'mores were very delicious as well.  We loved the great service!!  They are very friendly and offered free refills for the yummy drinks like Strawberry Lemonade and Black Cherry Soda.  Thumbs up!!笑
Stopped in here for breakfast while checking out the new Park. I had the lemony fruit version of the waffle sandwich and it was delicious. Super tasty and very refreshing. I will be stopping in again for sure.笑
So happy they opened one here in Vegas! Came here on a Thursday night, just before the grand opening concert at the T-Mobile Arena. The Park was extremely busy, and Bruxie's line was pretty long. We waited for about 20 minutes and ordered. The cashier only put in one order of the original fried chicken and waffle instead of two. So we had to go through a whole process of putting in a second order. First order came pretty quickly but the second order didn't come until someone checked on us if we were waiting on anything else. However, they were all really helpful and constantly checked on us. Even though the ordering process was a little out of order, their excellent customer service had completely sold me. The sandwich was really fresh, chicken was super tender and juicy, and the vanilla cream soda was to die for. Bruxie, I'll be back for you!笑
Came here for breakfast during our vacay on the strip, and it was awesome! I got the mushroom and goat cheese waffle sandwich and my boyfriend got the fried chicken waffle sandwich. We were both super happy with our meals! The waffles aren't your dense hearty variety of waffle- they're more light, airy, and crispy- perfect for us since we were hitting a day club later that day and needed to be bikini ready! The flavors on my waffle were rich and savory, and the chicken sandwich had nice crispy chicken and came with a yummy honey sauce that tied the whole thing together! After we ate those, we ended up splitting the Nutella banana waffle to end with something sweet. I didn't expect it to be anything too special, but it was awesome! In addition to the fresh banana, there's a banana custard that's sandwiched with the Nutella as well. Not only was the food great, but the price was right, since we ended up paying $30 for all of our food! Overall, great food and great value, and we'lol definitely be back!笑
I got the lemon custard and berries waffle,  and it was outstanding. My wife had the chicken salad, and really enjoyed it. Meh on the strawberry lemonade, but the ice water was a nice bonus. I'd try Bruxies again if I were in the neighborhood.笑
The employees were very sweet and checked in on our meals often. We ordered a whole bunch of food because we wanted to try everything. The fried chicken poutine was amazing!! But it was a lot with the sandwich I got so I was unable to finish it because it was very rich. It's tough to choose whether you want something sweet or savory so we got both. Although we were unable to finish our food, all of it still tasted great later that night when we enjoyed the leftovers. Loved it!笑
Bruxie is the perfect lunch destination. They took a piece of crispy fried chicken and mixed it with lettuce, tomatoes and pickles.... then sandwiched in between two tasty waffles and the result was absolutely delicious!   

I truly wish I had more time to come back here and eat here again. The sandwich was top notch, the fries were perfectly cooked and the service was good. A must if you are on the LV strip,笑
Service was good, Fried Chicken and Waffle sandwich was great with honey chili sauce ( messy but delicious) and Grilled Mushroom and Chicken Salad had a nice blend of flavors with goat cheese and sundried tomatoes.  Tasty lunch!笑
Bruxie's started out in Southern California; however, the first time I ever tried one was on our regular jaunt to Vegas.  Particularly, we stopped by at about 8pm on Saturday, April 15th.

Overall, this place gets 5 stars; however, I would recommend when there are more than a few people in line it would be awesome if you could take orders from both stations. 

Anyway, we were the fourth in line and had to wait about 7 minutes to place our order.  We don't mind waiting for the food at the table; however, it would have been nice to place the order just a bit faster.

We both had a sandwich.  I had the buffalo chicken waffle sandwich and the other person in our party had the Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich.  We also shared an order of the Irish Nachos/Fries.  

Everything we had was cooked perfectly and it just had so many amazing flavor profiles.  Man oh man  -- if this wasn't so bad for you -- I would eat it nearly everyday.  The waffle was perfect and fluffy and the chicken was tender, cooked to perfection and so delicious.  

The fries were equally as good.  

I cannot wait to come back to Bruxie's again!!笑
Came here for breakfast and ordered the original and the Nashville. 

Pros: fresh ingredients, atmosphere, well prepared food, coffee

Cons: strong flavor (sweet / spicy) may not be for everyone笑
Never a disappointment. We have enjoyed everything we have ordered from here. The original chicken and waffle sandwich is amazing and we love the chicken strips. Not only is the food delicious, but the staff is great. Andre goes above and beyond to ensure every guest has an enjoyable experience. He is efficient, engaging and entertaining.笑
Restaurant looks great as you walk in. The line can get a bit long and that's probably because the food has a one of a kind delicious taste. Cashier was very friendly and helpful when we asked about some of the items on the menu. Not too pricey. Now the reason I'm giving it 3 stars is as we were eating, my wife noticed the kitchen has a window on the side wall where you can pretty much peek in as see the cooks preparing the food. At first sight, the room looks clean and well organized except for 2 things. One, the cook was not wearing a hair cover or net and 2, we were surprised to see flies in the room. Yes flies. My stomach turned a bit but like I said the food is very delicious. So, if I ever go again I think I'll check the cooks room first before ordering.笑
Delicious! I'm not a huge fried chicken fan, but the hubs loves it. He got the original chicken tenders and waffle fries. I originally planned on stealing just one bite. Boy, was I wrong! I ended up eating a whole piece of chicken and half of his fries. The breading is perfectly spicy, the chicken is incredibly moist, and the house dipping sauce is wicked yummy. Prices are good and they have big pitchers of ice water to quench your post-nosh thirst.  I wasn't a fan of the loud music in the main counter area, but we sat in the quieter side dining room. There are also plenty of tables outside. I definitely recommend this spot for a tasty affordable meal in the land of insanely overpriced grub.笑
The food was amazing. We went in not knowing what to expect but we're pleasantly surprised with the quality and taste. The chicken was so tender and tasted surprisingly great with waffles! The staff was very friendly and prompt. It was busy but the food came out fast. Will definitely be back笑
I have never understood the combination of waffles and fried chicken, until a coworker and I stopped here for lunch and were hooked. I got the Nashville chicken and custard and wondered where this has been all my life. It was flavored perfectly and the lemonade was delicious. Customer service was great. I can't wait to go back, thanks for a great time!笑
Best place to have breakfast in Las vegas, the prices are reasnable. Great service and the stuffs are great. food is tasty. I recommend this place for who ever visited LAS Vegas.笑
Who knew that chicken goes so well with waffles? What appeared to me like a pregnant lady's craving turned out to be a surprisingly delicious combination. 

My friend ordered the original Chicken Waffle Sandwich, while I got the Buffalo Bleu Chicken Waffle Sandwich. Both were delicious within their own right, with the Original a little more on the sweeter side and the Buffalo Bleu on the sour cheesy side. 

We rounded up our meal with a liege waffle filled with chocolate and a huge portion of complimentary ice cream. 
All around a great food experience.笑
I love chicken. I love waffles. But I never cared for the whole chicken and waffles thing as a dynamic dual. It's almost always been hey the chicken was delicious but the waffles were meh or vice versa or they were both complete crap. So of course as people hyped Bruxie up I really didn't feel like I was missing anything. But having finally given Bruxie a chance I'm sure glad they ain't just serving that regular chicken and waffles stuff.

Went with the Original friend chicken and waffle sandwich. For me, anytime a business mentions the word original to anything on the menu I kind of have to order it. It was pretty good. The chicken was tasty. The waffles warm and freshly made. I think that's one of the things that separates Bruxie from a usual burger or sandwich spot. I don't really know of any burger spot making warm fresh made buns usually they're warmed up or just cold. That with chili honey, cider slaw, and pouring all that syrup makes it delicious.

I'd for sure be back cause it's not just chicken and waffles. They have waffle sandwiches filled with pulled pork, pastrami, etc. Salads, bacon infused mac and cheese, waffle desserts, waffle fries. I kind of want to go back now.

Service was excellent, fast and friendly. The girl who helped me actually knew the menu and had some great recommendations. Made me feel welcomed and want to come back.笑
Great stop for breakfast and lunch. Tasty food - good, clean atmosphere away from the bustle of the Strip.笑
Excellent waffle sandiwches, the attention was very good as well, the waffle breakfast sandwiches are not worth it, but everything else its good!! I highly recomend the Carolina BBQ pulled pork!!笑
Very very good! Perfect for brunch. Highly recommend the original chicken and Carolina pulled pork. Not too much of a fan of the bruxie burger..and I usually like burgers. Definitely finish it off with a Creme Brûlée waffle!!笑
Delicious waffles that you wouldn't expect to make sandwich out of!!!! Wow!!! Finger licking good! Fried pickles were perfect!!笑
Chicken and waffles, What a pair with custard at the end!  My favorite is the macaroni waffle.笑
Late night post concert deliciousness! So great to have an affordable quick food option so close to the new T-Mobile arena. We had the Nashville and it was sooo good! Pickles, chicken waffle, slaw just the right amount of spice on the chicken and cool from the slaw笑
This place is a hidden treasure!! If you think you've had the best chicken and waffles I can bet you have not been here! I had the Korean BBQ chicken n waffle which had a well blend of flavors and spices. All the chicken we were serve was all fresh and delicious. ( I was with a group of six) and we all had different things on the menu. The homemade sodas were very distinct as well!!笑
Waffle was a tad bit cold and this place still gets 5 stars! 

I had the two piece with original waffle and I wanted to lick the plate. I tried both the original and Nashville seasoning. 

DELICIOUS.笑
Went after the game, line was out the door-only about 20min wait. Food came out quickly and was still Good!!!! Not too many restaurants can do quick and good! KUDOS! We'll be back!!笑
During my 4 day stay in Las Vegas, I visited Bruxie twice and it was amazing!! The food was delicious and the staff was sooo nice. I had the original chicken & waffle sandwich each time and I don't regret it one bit. At first I thought the coleslaw was a little odd but surprisingly it added a great taste to it. My hubby had only chicken & waffles (not the sandwich) and he loved it too. I will definitely visit this spot again during my next trip in Vegas!! 


P.S. I highly appreciate the amazing customer service that was provided at Bruxie. From the cashier to the cooks to the food runners (sorry if this is not the correct term), everyone was in a great mood and made the experience so much better!笑
The food was excellent! Definitely worth the long lunch rush wait. Andre the employee assisting customers in the dining area was absolutely phenomenal! He was on top of everything and took our experience to the next level! Best customer service in Vegas by far!笑
Had lunch here when in Las Vegas had the chicken and waffles for the first time. Very interesting combination but it was delicious. Will definitely be coming back.笑
Holy moly what I read was true this is great grub.  Loved the basic chicken and waffle has syrup and coleslaw.  Yum!笑
I found it unsatisfying but I could be convinced to give it another try. If I was given the same sandwich for free, I would give it one more star. The waffle tasted like plain toast. It reminded me of a Texas toast chicken sandwich. I like my dessert/breakfast waffles on the softer, thicker side and the crunchiness of the waffle combined with the overpowering mayo turned the Nashville chicken and waffle sandwich into an overpriced chicken sandwich. My previous experiences at Roscoe's might have spoiled all other chicken and waffles experiences for me.笑
Wow, so delicious! If I could eat this breakfast, lunch and dinner I would. Great customer service and atmosphere. I'll be going back! 

* personal fav -  pesto chicken. 
- worth trying to custard if you still have room!笑
Great waffle sundae. It is just sad that it is easy too sweet and too commercial to be exceptional. 
Good waffle. 
Good custard. Dense but still light 
Terrible whipped cream and caramel. 

But fun to try笑
Went to Bruxie for brunch! 
Me and my GF shared an Original chicken sandwich and an order of the Irish fries.
The chicken sandwich was fantastic! The chicken was tender, juicy, and very well seasoned. It did not have that typical oily finish as you would think from a fried item. Biting into it there was an amazing bounce to the waffle and the chicken. The maple syrup sauce blended perfectly with the sandwich and gave it a nice sweet flavor without taking away from the crisp of the chicken and the waffle. The coleslaw worked very well in the sandwich by adding some extra crunch and tanginess. My only complaint is that my bottom waffle was a little thin, making the bottom fall apart as I was eating. 
The Irish fries were good.. But they could have been better. The cheese on the fries tasted natural, but it was a little grainy and salty. This kind of overpowered the rest of the dish. 
The service was impeccable! A few times I got out of my chair to get something (it's more of a order up front and get utensils and water yourself place) and a server stopped me and said he would get it for me). They took very good care of our every need! Servers also reminded me that there were free refills on my strawberry lemonade and not once did they let my cup go empty.
Overall well worth a try and I will come back when I go back to Vegas.笑
First off....service here is impeccable.  The staff are super friendly and food comes out in a timely manner.  I had the chicken tenders with waffle fries with the BBQ sauce and ranch.  My husband had the original chicken and waffle.  They were both good.  I would however, highly recommend the strawberry lemonade.  The great thing is that they give free refills!  That's awesome in this insane Las Vegas heat!  The waffle fries are way better than chik fila!笑
Came here on a Thursday afternoon, not too crowded so it was a good time to go. Ordered the original sandwich. It was ok I guess. Nothing special, not much flavor other than the chili honey. Pretty one note, even when I took it apart and ate is separately it still all tasted the same. The waffle fries and soda is what made this a 3 star review rather than 2. I do not see myself coming back here.笑
How can I come to the states without having fried chicken and this place does waffles and chicken. They used the waffles as bread. These waffles are so light, its different to any waffles I ever have, I could eat a dozen of them in one seating.
I chose the original chicken with waffles, so a pieces of chicken covered with waffles with sweet chilli sauce and slaw.
I love love love my meal and I savour every bite of what was in front of me.
If I had more time in vegas, I would try everything on their menu.笑
The food here is sooo good! Sorry I don't have any pictures to show, we were so hungry and the 1st bite was too good. Lol We ordered the chicken tenders and waffle fries, Nashville hot flavor.  Also, we had the B.A.M.F sandwich, which has fried chicken & mac & cheese, all between waffles. We also ordered a very yummy strawberry lemonade. They also have sodas that have pure cane sugar. We tried our family members vanilla cream soda, which was really good as well! The inside isn't very big, but there's plenty seating right outside, which is where we sat.笑
Food here is just not worth it. It may look exotic but the burgers here are just plain bad. I would not recommend this place as a place to get food. They serve anything but food. Again go some where else. I'm not recommending this place at all!!笑
Walking down the strip near the new T-Mobile Arena the words "Chicken and Waffle Sandwich" caught my eye.  I decided to try the Nashville Hot Chicken and Waffle Sandwich, waffle fries and a "Palmer" (lemonade w/ iced tea).  

The food arrived quick and looked impressive.  Not sure whose idea it was to make a waffle sandwich, but it's really hard to eat.  I'm not sure how you're supposed to eat this with your hands.  I ended up using a fork and knife cutting the pieces of chicken and waffle and dipping it in the maple syrup.  The waffle is light and crispy, similar to an Eggo.  The boneless chicken breast was crispy and juicy, though I was expecting it to be spicier and more heavily seasoned. The sandwich has pickles, lettuce and some kind of mayo, which I think is weird as I want to eat chicken and waffles with syrup.  Kind of wish there was an option to get just the chicken and waffle, not as a sandwich, though I'm sure you could request it.  The waffle fries were awesome and super crispy.  Even thought it was fast food style, the guy still came around to ask me how the food was and refilled my beverage.  

The restaurant was spotless with tons of seating and TV's all around.  Came at dinner time and there was only one other family there.  Maybe people aren't hungry for hot chicken and waffles when it's 105 degrees out.  For the strip, I think Bruxie offers a pretty good value @ $14 for my meal.笑
Super yummy Chicken and Waffle Sandwich with Coleslaw!!!  Ughhh I'm craving it as I'm writing this review! Wish we had these in California.  Cute place and great service! :)笑
Wow! We had the roasted mushroom and goat cheese waffle sandwich and the buffalo bleu chicken waffle sandwich.  Both absolutely incredible! The buffalo sauce had a nice kick to it. The balsamic vinegar made the mushrooms taste great. The waffles are light and airy making it easy to enjoy all of the flavors of the sandwich and not be dominated by bread.笑
Great food and amazing service!! Highly recommend this place for brunch. The chicken was nice and crisp and the waffles were amazing.笑
Excellent spot for Chicken & Waffles. I always find the traditional version boring so I get the spicy versions. The Nashville-style hit the spot! Good selection of other items and beverages! Not overpriced like a lot of places in Vegas.

Mac and cheese was good (it's fairly spicy, if you don't like that kind of stuff).  Burger was very tasty. My only grievance was the crispiness of the waffles. Awesome if you're eating with a fork & knife, but as a sandwich it shredded the roof of my mouth.笑
Had the 2 piece Nashville hot with the bacon cheddar waffle on our last day in Vegas. The flavor was on point, the meat was tender and juicy. I usually love my fried chicken with buffalo or Louisiana but the BBQ sauce here was spicy n' tangy, perfect sauce for this. It came with a side of pickles which compliments it well. Going to have to stop by this place in L.A.笑
Yesterday was my daughter's 21st birthday, and she decided she wanted Bruxie for breakfast. What the birthday girl wants, the birthday girl gets! 

This place sits out front of the T Mobile arena and the New York New York. Kind of difficult to decide where to park. You can pay the $7 at NYNY, the $5 at Monte Carlo, or head over to the Tropicana for free, but walk for a while. We opted for NYNY.

I assumed this was a sit down place. Sort of. You stand in line to order what you want, then they bring it over to you. We went about 11am, and the lunch rush was going on. The line was out the door. We did manage to snag two tables next to each other though. We had 6 people. 

The food is a little pricey for what you get. I ordered the Naked Waffles, with cinnamon sugar. It's literally 2 waffles, butter, cinnamon, and syrup. Yep, naked lol.  My husband and son both ordered the Holy Moly sandwich. My husband said his was really good. My son said the siracha flavor was a little over powering. My daughter (bday girl) was a little sad. She wanted the blue cheese sandwich,  which they no longer serve. She got the bbq instead. Hers was alright. We got two orders of Irish nachos, and a fingers kids meal. The Irish nachos were yum! They also brew their own soda, which is really original. 3 of us has the spiced cola. My daughter had strawberry lemonade, spiked with vodka. 

Waffles, 3 sandwiches, a kids meal, fries, and drinks came out to almost $90. Yowza! 

I definitely want to go back to order a chicken sandwich. I'm a ding dong and thought naked meant not breaded, so I want to go back to get something with chicken. I ma笑
Great concept! I had the original sandwich with bacon, and the strips with the cheddar bacon waffle. Both were delicious! Good quality food for any time of the day. The Nutella waffle was also great ! I would definitely go again !笑
A pretty good bet for chicken and waffles, and def super friendly. I think the best thing was the spicy syrup. My kiddo was not a fan of the chicken tenders- the breading didn't stick at all and was kind of a soggy mess. I loved the area this restaurant was in- if u walked a little further down there was games out and nice outdoor seating.笑
Loved it. Great food and coffee.

Make sure to try the chicken and waffle sandwich - unreal good!笑
Not as good as people make it out to be. The strawberry lemonade was the best thing we ended up ordering nobody finished their meals笑
Wow!! I had a waffle pastrami and it was delicious. The waffle is super soft and a great replacement for bread. But the pastrami was also wonderful. Very lean and cut super thin and very flavorful. Very easy to eat and it was a great nighttime snack.笑
I'm not a chicken and waffles fan, I've always wondered who was the first to come up with the concept. My friend and I discovered Bruxie after leaving the NY NY hotel: None of the restaurants around the casino area really stood out to us. While walking towards the strip, we decided to give it a shot. I scanned the menu and was happy to see there was a burger available for me to enjoy. I chose the Mac and cheese instead of fries.

We sat down by one of the huge open windows facing the busy strip. When the server brought out my burger, immediately I was confused because I didn't order a waffle. Suddenly it hit me that even the burger was served atop waffles. I gave it a bite, and was very happy we chose Bruxie to have our last Vegas meal. The Mac could have been cheesier, which is my preference, but I was relieved it wasn't bland. I've noticed that happens at restaurants so often.

The cheese to patty ratio was on point and the waffle was crisp on the outside yet airy. It was a good balance for the beef. Definitely a win!笑
I'll start by saying I'm a fan of this place. I really like the flavor combinations when I'm biting into an original or the sandwich that's double dipped. In my most honest of opinions, the drink size doesn't really give me any sense of value because the sandwich is so largely proportioned in contrast. I could choke to death on my final portions of the sandwich because there's only enough strawberry lemonade to get a person halfway through. At the end of the day, sandwiches here are firey (tasty). It's $30 for two people to eat, and you're gonna run out of juice. I don't mind paying when the quality is high, but I'm unsure if it was the amount of in-store traffic causing pressure on the person prepping the food or just luck of the draw that caused my 2nd visit here to be less impressive.笑
Although I am not usually too wild about eating chicken and waffles, I can recognize that this is one of the better chicken and waffle places. The waffle is crispy and appears fried, allowing it to serve effectively as slices of a sandwich. I bought the crispy chicken sandwich, which was quite delicious and crispy. My friend tried the buffalo chicken, which was not as crispy and enjoyable. The sandwich is pretty heavy; you will not go hungry for a while after eating one. 

Lines can get long, so this might not be a good option if you are in a hurry to get somewhere.笑
Opening day here at Bruxie. Menu looks the same as Orange, CA location. Food is about the same too. Being opening day, food was cold and salty for the burger, but guessing they are getting the bugs out. Green, eggs and ham were a hit. Breakfast is available all day. Cane sodas on the menu from their soda fountain.  Seating inside and ample outdoor seating in the "Park" area. Will come back once they are fully up and running.笑
If you're not into the whole fried chicken and waffle thing, let me recommend the mushroom and chicken salad. It. Is. DELICIOUS. Scattered on a bed of fresh cut romaine is juicy chunks of chicken breasts tossed with very aromatic sun dried tomato (gives the salad a nice sweet and tart flavor, very summery) and yummy cut crimini mushroom. The portion of the salad is generous and it will leave you full. It's one of my go-tos on the menu every time I'm at Bruxies. :)

They have a large area for seating so finding somewhere to sit wasn't hard and it seems less busy than Shake Shack, good for us.

It's one of the cheap eats you can get around Vegas on the Strip (as more is sprouting around) next to Shake Shack near NY, NY.笑
Wow, better than expected, great chicken waffle, also got the creme brulee waffle, chocolate shake and custard cone. All was good, this place just opened and it will be a huge succesa no doubt.笑
Yummy guilty food pleasure. Their signature dish, The Original Fried Chicken & Waffle was the perfect combination of spice seasoning and sweetness. 

I would imagine that this place would be great for large families. The whole family can have a wholesome brunch at a reasonable price before hitting the strip.笑
Bruxie was awesome! I had the original and it was freaking delicious. The waffles were perfect - light and crispy but not hard. The syrup was not overly sweet so it was a perfect balance of sweet and savory. My husband had the Nashville skillet and the chicken was super crispy and spicy, and the portion big enough for two meals. We sat outside and with the fan and the shade it was cool, even on a hundred degree Vegas day. Definitely will return if I get a chance. And the price is downright cheap considering it's on the strip where it's almost impossible to get away with less than $20 per person for even mediocre food.笑
I got the chicken tenders and the waffle sandwich with berries and lemon cream. Both were delicious, the chicken tenders were especially juicy and tender. The price was pretty good and very affordable for Vegas. Customer service was great.笑
Saw this place on our way to to shake shack and decided to try it. No one inside, thought it was actually closed cuz it was so dead at around 5pm. Younger man took our order. Wasn't really good at recommending anything just stood there till we figured it out, seemed like he was more interested at playing with his friends, making sure their phone was charged, etc. I get it was dead, but shit. Decided to order the fried chicken w/ the bacon waffle and the holy chicken waffle sandwich. 

Asked for the siracha sauce on the side and of course didn't get that. Though bf liked it. 

My fried chicken and waffle was good but geez, I'm a lover of sweets ok, but damn all those sugar crystals or rocks were way toooooo much! It was like rock candy in the waffle! I picked most of it out then it was tasty! I think just the bacon in the waffle with syrup would of did the job. Chicken was good though. Just that waffle! Ughhhh! Please less sugar crack!!笑
While on our last day of a bachelor party, my friends wanted to get a "pre-meal" before the Shake Shack opened up at 11 am next door.  They grabbed a little of everything: the tenders, waffle fries, chicken & waffle sandwich, and chicken/eggs & waffles sandwich.  I took a bite of everything, and every bite was delicious.  Their tenders had kind of a Nashville hot chicken flavor.  The waffles were fairly thin like an Eggo, but way better than an Eggo could ever be. 

If you are not eating healthy and want some delicious, quick comfort food this side of the Strip, definitely check this place out!笑
Amazing waffles with lemon custard and berries.笑
So good! The waffles are not sweet so it compliments the chicken. It's folded up like a taco so it's easy to eat. Service was good and place was clean. Will come back if I'm going to the T-Mobile Arena.笑
We came here for brunch and ordered two breakfast sandwiches (one with bacon, one with sausage). Both were good. The waffles are not like waffles I've had in the past - these are thin and crispy, making them good "buns" for the sandwiches. The portion was too big for me, I could only eat half of my sandwich. 
Good location on the strip in the park.笑
Best waffles I've ever had.    Chicken was good too, creme brûlée waffle was also on points.  Great chicken fingers, waffle fries, and lemonade.  One of the highlights of my trip was eating here!笑
Had the original breaded chic breast w slaw and honey chili sauce. Staff very friendly and attentive.笑
If you're not a waffle fan then stop reading!!! Just joking, but Bruxie is known for their chicken and waffles. Located on the Strip behind Shake Shack, this little shop offers their own spin on some classic American dishes. Of course, you can look up the menu yourself and see the specifics, but I'm here to give a review! 

Be warned, this restaurant gets busy fast so be mindful of when you decide to visit. I came with a small group at around 7 p.m. and it was pretty busy. Then again, this is the Strip we're talking about so it's expected. This restaurant is self serve so the only service you receive is when you order and are given your food. My service wasn't good. The cashier that rang us up actually spent fifteen minutes talking to their friend who was ordering food in front of me. It was rude for not only me, but the customers behind us. The server that gave us our food also got our orders wrong. At least the restaurant has substantial seating space, so finding a seat shouldn't be hard especially if you're with a small group. My party and I used the tables with high chairs because it was next to a wall outlet. On a side note, thank God for restaurants that have wall outlets near the tables because when you're walking around all day on the strip, it really kills your battery. 

Back to the review, the food took a while but it was a busy day so I don't hold them against that. When we did receive our food I was pretty excited. I ordered the Chicken Poutine which was their famous waffle fries topped with their home made chicken, cheese, white gravy and chives. If you haven't had poutine before, GO GET SOME RIGHT NOW! I'm a huge fan of poutine and their version was delicious. The cheese and gravy was ooey gooey good while their fries and chicken still maintained a small crunch to it. We also ordered the Buffalo Bleu Fried Chicken & Waffles Sandwich,  the Original Fried Chicken & Waffles, and Chicken Tenders. They also offer syrup to go with the waffles and I recommend you try it. Their waffles are LEGIT. It's so soft and has a great flavor to it. The sweetness from the waffles and syrup really compliment the savory chicken. Their chicken isn't exceptional, but it still has good flavor. Really, their waffles are the star of this restaurant so you have to try it.笑
OMG!   At 12am after leaving T Mobile we were hungry.  Looking in the window of B we saw our next meal!  The best waffle I've ever had!  Thin, crispy and great flavor! The chicken was about a half pound and cooked to perfection!  The slick chicken sandwich was fantastic!   Will be getting a dessert waffle next time.笑
Best chicken sandwich I've had.  Tried both the Original and the Buffalo Blue.  Both were great, but I liked the Original best.笑
I came across Bruxie while I was craving chicken n waffles in Vegas.  After we got here thank god they had self-serve water near the front because the heat was like hell outside.  You order first and then they give you a number and you go choose to sit wherever. I ordered the nashville hot chicken because I wanted something spicy.  

The waffle itself was something I've never tasted before.  It was light and crispy but you have to put syrup on it or it'll taste like nothing.  I really liked how light the waffle tasted to it because all the other waffles I eat are thick. The chicken itself was delicious and it was the perfect amount of spiciness! The only thing that would have made it better was if it wasn't as oily... I know it was fried so its not brainer that the skin would be oily but this oil was on another level. 

Overall I think if you want chicken and waffles in Vegas then you have better choices.笑
I've NEVER had a waffle like this one. The texture is crispy but quizzically airy and perfectly paired with tender crispy salty chicken tenders or sweet Nutella and banana dessert. Must try.笑
One of my favorite places to get chicken and waffles because you can get it all dressed up or plain. The waffle is perfectly crispy and not soggy. The chicken is seasoned well and moist on the inside. The original chicken and waffles is always a safe choice. Between the buffalo blue cheese and the Nashville, I prefer the buffalo blue cheese since the Nashville was too spicy for me. For sweets, I really enjoyed the s'mores waffle. I would pass on the liege waffle. Overall, great customer service!

*****Yelp 2016 100 Challenge*****
68/100笑
So good! This place exceeded my expectations. I had their green eggs and ham and a dessert waffle that I shared with my husband. The breakfast sandwich was really good. My husband got a waffle with chicken in it and honestly his was tastier. My dessert waffle had custard and berries. Mmmm amazing. This is defiantly one of those places you have to got to when you are in Vegas. Very unique.笑
This place is definitely worth checking out while in Vegas. Everything my friends and I ordered was tasty. I had the buffalo chicken & waffle. The texture of the waffle is nice because you can eat it like a sandwich and it doesn't fall apart or get messy. Also, refills on the drinks are free and you can interchange your drink for free too. Love Bruxie!笑
Always wanted to try Bruxie's especially not having the chance to go in California! Found out there was one in Las Vegas so definitely had to try it. Went on a Friday morning and waited about 15 minutes. Ordered the original chicken and waffles, green eggs and ham and the chicken fried poutine waffle fries! For all three the total came out to be $28 dollars. For myself and my two brothers we had a hard time finishing it all and they're big boys. I recommend trying the original chicken and waffle sandwich! The waffle was spectacular especially when fresh, so crispy!!!! On the green eggs and ham there was wayyyyy too much pesto and had to scrape it off but it was a good try! For the poutine fries,I felt that there was not a good chicken ratio to the fries, like having too much rice with meat it's just bleh. But overall the cheese curds were pretty good and the gravy itself! Waffle fries = plus one! Their dessert waffles looked amazing too but decided not to get it.笑
My wife and I came here after some walking around the new T Mobile Arena. We had the following:

Original Buttermilk Chicken Waffle Sandwich Combo

Turkey Pesto Waffle Sandwich Combo

I got waffle fries for my combo while my wife got tomato basil soup. Everything tasted great! I loved eating my sandwich..taking turns dipping it in sriracha and then maple syrup. The waffle was very crispy and light while the chicken was very moist and seasoned well. My wife said her sandwich and soup was great too. I thought the ambience was great with its open air atmosphere.笑
Chicken and waffles on the strip!  Does take a little bit to get your order and its a gut buster but its good!笑
Oh my heck!!!! This place was AMAZING! Came for breakfast and got the Nashville hot chicken, the holy chicken sandwich, and the bacon Mac and cheese! All of it was so yummy! Definitely coming here on every Vegas trip from here on out!笑
I bookmarked Bruxie as I knew it would be right up our alley. Since we are in Vegas such a short time, we didn't happen to get a meal here, and I'm super sad about it.
We stopped in for an afternoon snack and had the Wisconsin frozen custard sundae. OMG. I was delicious! Wisconsin, you've been holding out on me!  All the meals that we saw go past smelled and looked out of this world. I'm looking forward to another trip where I can get a full Bruxie experience!笑
First off, portions here are huuuge. The chicken sandwich alone would've been more than enough. I ordered the fries too, which was unnecessary and not very good. It was extremely salty. The sandwich was also salty but it wasn't as ridiculous as the fries. The chicken was very nice and big but I couldn't help but think that it would've tasted better between buns rather than waffles but I guess that's their thing. All in all a good place but if you're not a fan of salty food then you probably wouldn't like this place.笑
Just tried the original chicken and waffle sandwich ! Wow delicious the flavors are amazing and chicken crisped to perfection笑
This was a surprising change of pace from  the Vegas food scene. Not ridiculously foofoo and accordingly expensive but also not a fast food joint. The original chicken and waffle sandwich was well seasoned and perfectly cooked though as is often the case with chicken and waffles, it was dry and the waffle itself could've been better. Overall impression: would go again.笑
Delicious chicken waffles on Las Vegas strip!

It is located inside The Park, which is between New York New York and Monte Carlos. Parking situation sucks anywhere on the strip but if you are going to visit The Park,  I personally recommend parking at Monte Carlos parking garage.

There are ample seating inside. Limited outdoor seating available...but all of us Vegasians know the weather here. There's only about few weeks in a year that we get to comfortably be outdoor. Otherwise it's too cold or burning hot. 

It's nice to have a casual eating spots like Bruxie on the strip, which serves fried chicken on a freshly made waffles. I got the original chicken and waffle which came out to be exactly $10 with tax. I personally think it's overpriced for such a small portion but just about everything is overpriced on the strip so what can I say. 

I would say my chicken waffle was decent. Waffle was fresh and airy with little bit of sweetness. Chicken was crispy and went well with waffle. Had little bit of coleslaw which didn't do much in my opinion. Simple and good, but underwhelming in terms of portion. I would recommend ordering fries or other side dish if you are hungry. 

Clean dining area, friendly staffs and good chicken waffles. I am a fan!笑
LIBERO IN LAS VEGAS: In town for a volleyball (vball) tournament and Las Vegas is a destination for many things, including an interesting dining experience. Back in November we tried chicken and waffles (C&W; someone in our trio's first time) and I was directed to try Bruxie, a restaurant with locations here as well as in Southern California.

A 'libero' in vball is responsible for defense and to foster rallies and digs to make the game more fun to watch. I give you this definition because Bruxie reminds me of this role. A re-imagined take on what is now an epidemic of C&W spots all claiming to be authentic, Bruxie's twist is presenting the dish as a sandwich with the waffle's role creating the excitement.

Used as the bread, now C&W is a sandwich to be picked up, held and savored. Some have lettuce, arugula pesto, tomato and various preparations of chicken - Nashville hot, original seasoned, crispy and buffalo-style. Lot of choices including dessert waffles, custards  and sundaes so there's something for everyone who wants decadence with skosh of guilt. Don't expect any healthy options here!

The chicken was the star for me. Served hot (although not too busy, it took a little longer than we thought), golden brown w/a kick of heat on the backside and extremely flavorful with an crunchy crust drizzled in chili honey my two piece original was moist white meat which I'd recommend. Now I understand what the few extra minutes were for - fresh preparation.

For me though, the waffle wasn't as successful. With the two piece you get a bacon cheddar waffle. Thick in height, light with a savory batter the waffle missed in one way - the bit of bacon seemed caramelized and we crunchy like candy. if intentional, this wasn't a pleasant bite for me as the bacon flavor was non-existent. Crunch, no munch.

Overall though, a great chicken outweighs the waffle and holds the team together and you should put Bruxie in your lineup.笑
Yelp brought me here. Good location right off the strip in The Park. Doesn't open until 9 am which is weird to me on a city that never sleeps. Moderately priced for $3.95 you can add fries and a drink to your waffle sandwich. The sodas are their own house brands of cola, diet cola, orange, and lemon lime. For $13 I got full and it was tasty so I definitely recommend .笑
A must try once in your life.  I'm not a chicken and waffles kind of girl, but a friend wanted to go there so I thought oh well.  I normally want to eat veggies or lighter fare, so it was not my first choice.   Expecting to feel like a fatty after (and probably tired), I was surprised how light and tasty it was.  First off, it's not chicken and waffles like soul food style, you won't eat it with a fork and knife.  You eat it like a taco and it's not humongous.  II had the Nashville style hot, but I took a few bites of the hamburger and the creme brûlée.  They were all yummy.  This place is super cute and trendy.  You walk up and order and like panera or some of those other places, they will bring your food out to you.  It's good for a quick bite.  I would definite go here again.笑
I'm absolutely stunned how this place has more than 2 stars.  To be fair, they're thing is waffle sandwiches and we had their fried chicken skillets and the fired chicken was flavorless and the waffle biscuit is inedible.  The fries are undercooked and woefully generic.  The customer service was also pretty terrible.

If you want overpriced bland chicken be my guest, but please stay away from the skillet meals.笑
Was so pleased and grateful to the staff at Bruxie this week. I accompanied my boyfriend who was attending CES. I'm able to work remotely but the idea of staying in my hotel room all day just because I knew there was reliable wifi was a bit of a drag. I ventured out to Bruxie for lunch and brought my laptop along in case I found a good internet-enabled spot. Bruxie to the rescue! The restaurant is adjacent to a small park that provides free wifi ("TheParkWiFi"). I camped out at my table for 4 hours and the staff was nothing but lovely to me. As a server in a previous life I know that campers can be obnoxious, so I tried to keep any requests to a minimum. But a server at Bruxie went above and beyond by consistently checking in with me, bringing me endless refills, and even letting me sample some ice cream (delicious, definitely coming back for the ice cream).

Beyond that, my lunch was moan-as-you-chew good. I got The Original fried chicken and waffle sandwich and was so impressed with the juiciness of the chicken, fresh and crispiness of the waffle, and overall flavor profile. For a fast casual restaurant, Bruxie is now on my list of favorites.笑
Mannnn oh man!!! This place was heaven between waffles. I should have never came to the place, I'm going to lose all of my diet goals. 2017 is coming and it's going to be very hard to stay away from this place. Make sure you order the BAM. Seasonal item I guess, I wish they make it permanent. Chicken and waffle sandwich with Mac & cheese, sweet cheese and savory cheese sauce drizzled over it. They usually add peppercinis to it but they were out of them. So I used siracha笑
I went here for brunch and tried the Nashville hot chicken waffle sandwich. Perfect amount of spiciness the chicken was A+ but I thought the waffle could be better. My BF ordered a chicken plate with waffle and we shared waffle nachos which was way too much food! Haha. Large portions and definitely worth trying when in Vegas. Get the Nashville hot chicken and maybe try the spiked milkshake that I was unfortunately too full to try. Also they no longer have the poutine waffle fries. The location is great for people watching and right by the TMobile Arena.笑
Added crispy onions to buffalo chicken sandwich for breakfast and loved it. Service was amazing once we sat down. If I had to suggest room for improvement the cashier could smile more?笑
Was walking out of t-mobile arena and we decided to stop in because the pictures looked good. we tried the creme brûlée  , Nutella banana, and lemon cream& berry waffles. My favorite was the creme brûlée  and my gf preferred the lemon one. Everything was good and lighter than expected. Perfect for a quick sweet bite. Service was ok maybe a little bit slow笑
Bruxie the fancy waffle and chicken! I've been to the one in Orange County. Which of course was a new thing and it was crowded. Here it wasn't so bad. It was crowded but not what I expected. I don't mind since I wanted to check it out again. And yes I was craving some sweet and savory. I could have gone to Hash house but I wanted something different. Don't get me wrong my heart is still with the OG Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. I am a LA girl but LV is my home. So the closest I can get to RC&W is here. OK OK I should really find something not so fancy. But anyways! It wasn't so bad. I really like the strawberry lemonade. Not bad Bruxie! Not bad! 

The chicken was very tasty, juicy and the crunch sound was good. I do wish it was crunchier. The waffle was good but my waffle got really soft and eeeeh after awhile. And that I didn't put to much syrup.  It's a biscuit waffle infused with bacon covered in fried chicken with a honey chili flavored maple syrup. My friend got The Original Fried Chicken & waffle.  It had some wonderful honey chili maple syrup on the chicken. The waffle fries was good, nothing wow about that. I feel that the sandwich needed something not just little coleslaw in it. OH well it was still yummie. 

Would I come back here? Sure to try new things here at Bruxie.笑
Food was good and priced well. The breakfast waffle was good but the chicken and waffle was amazing. Menu had plenty to offer.笑
Expensive but well worth it! The Buffalo sauce is perfect, and although it's a bit messy, as long as you don't wear anything you don't mind staining, you'll love it!

Highly recommend the strawberry lemonade!笑
The food was incredible.  I had the spicy chicken and waffle sandwich and my fiance had the original.  I liked hers better.  The wait was out the door.  The staff was friendly and the place was clean.  Wish we had a place like this at home!笑
Finally got to try this place I've heard about. The chicken tenders are very good. Moist, crispy and flavorful. The waffle fries were too salty. The liege waffle with pearl sugar was too sweet. Didn't like the big "pearls" of sugar throughout the waffle. It was also too heavy and dough-y for me. Will try the lighter waffle next time. Friendly customer service though.笑
Really yummy, got the bacon egg and cheese waffle. Love the waffle scheme! Also clean, soap bathroom in keeps your hands moisturizer. Would come again.笑
The combination of sweet and salty was perfect. I ordered the Nashville Style Hot Chicken and it was sooo good. The portion size was good too! The waffles were light, fluffy, and crispy at the same time. VERY different compared to other places.There's a kick of spice in the Nashvile compared to the original chicken and waffles. I literally smothered hella syrup on to my waffles because you cannot have chicken and waffles without the syrup!笑
Not bad...different. I've never had chick/waffs before, but it's a pretty awesome blend of two different worlds. I would def revisit.笑
Lets just say I am a HUGE fan of chicken and waffles so when I saw a sign that said chicken and waffles sandwich I was very very eager to try it out. I'm very glad I did, but it's also because what everyone else will say the customer service was amazing. It made my food so much better. I recommend this place to anyone who is interested in a trendy new spot for brunch.笑
Not sure how this place is highly rated. The fried chicken is overcooked. Flavor is decent. The Belgian hot chocolate wasn't great.笑
Great place for breakfast! Unfortunately, no air conditioning so lose one star. Came during morning so not too hot yet but did not feel uncomfortable.

Ordered bacon, egg, cheddar waffle without mayo. Bacon was cut into pieces and full of flavor. Waffle was just right for the sandwich: not too thick and fluffy. Wife ordered chicken and waffle. Chicken on spicy side due to the chili honey.笑
Went there 3x during a 4 day stay last week. Our new go-to place for lunch and breakfast. Hubby and I split the Nashville hot chicken and waffle skillet for a late lunch. Was good. Hot but not too powerful. It was just half of a Belgian waffle and 3-4 tenders. I could've definitely ate it all myself but we didn't want too much to eat since it was late afternoon and we had dinner reservations at 7. Went for breakfast twice and had the country sausage and egg sandwich one day. Was very good. Then we went back on our last day before the airport and I had the Nashville hot chicken sandwich. Good size piece of chicken and very tender and moist. Prices are very reasonable for the size portions you get. Wish there were some in the Midwest!笑
I always went to Bruxies in LA, but the one here in Vegas was actually pretty awesome. I don't remember the chicken being well seasoned like the one in LA, but the one here was AMAZING.笑
Do yourself a favor and eat the fried chicken poutine! Seriously so amazing. I could eat here every day for the rest of my life.笑
Fast service and amazing food!

We went to Bruxie on a Thursday night with only 1 hour to spare before a big show. There were a few large groups of 5+ people but this was not an issue at all. service was fast and the restaurant was relatively quiet compared to pubs and other fast food places. Overall, we were in and out in about half an hour.

I had the green eggs and ham -- perfect for any breakfast lovers out there. Thinking that this breakfast item wasn't going to fill me up, I ordered two pc chicken tenders on the side ($1 each). The green eggs and ham was SO GOOD -- I also put one of the chicken tenders in there and it made it even better! By the end of my meal I was really full, so that was a bonus. My partner had the Nashville skillet with the spicy sauce on the side. He too was happy with his meal and he was really full as well (this is rare, to be honest). The servers were really friendly and chatted us up to ask where we were from, what our plans were, etc.

Overall, Bruxie was amazing. Wish it was in Toronto; I would definitely recommend, and I would definitely go again!笑
This place is great! Never thought I'd be a fan of chicken and waffles! Coming into Vegas, I never heard of the place and was looking for a quick bite before heading off into nearby T-Mobile arena. Ordered the Nashville Style chicken sandwich and I was not disappointed! A lot of flavor, a lot of food, a lot of great service! Definitely coming by here again next time I give Las Vegas a visit笑
If you're staying in the Monte Carlo or New York New York then you HAVE to come here! The chicken is delicious the waffles are great and don't even get me started on the mac n cheese! I normally never eat at the same place twice when I go to Vegas because there are so many food places to try but I couldn't stop myself from coming back. ITS THAT GOOD.笑
When I found out the opening of The Park included a Bruxie, I was ecstatic! I used to love eating waffle sandwiches in Downtown Brea, and now I can enjoy it here in Vegas. Sweet!

We came on a hot summer evening right before they closed. The staff was super awesome for letting us order 5 minutes before 11pm. What wasn't awesome, however, was the air conditioning being off. Fans can only do so much when it comes to the Las Vegas heat. :(

I ordered my usual Original Chicken Waffle Sandwich made with their seasoned fried chicken, chili honey, and cider slaw. My waffle was broken, making it rather messy to eat. That's my only complaint though since they were so crispy & fluffy like normal.

Hubby ordered a Grilled Californian Pesto Chicken, which he enjoyed a lot. All sandwiches are made with their all natural, hormone-free chicken marinated in buttermilk, mmm! We also shared a (necessary) order of waffles fries. And by share, I mean fight over. :3

Oh! I do have another complaint. We took our little guy and ordered him the crispy chicken tenders kid's meal. I was so disappointed when his plate came out with 2 small chicken strips and a few waffle fries. It was NOT enough food for a 3-year-old, let alone older kids! I'm not a proponent for prices, but $6 is a lot of money just for him to be hungry less than an hour later.

We all drank our meals with fresh strawberry lemonade. Warning: It is super tart and full of pulp! I liked it, but if you're craving something sweet, you should order one of their old-fashioned sodas made with real cane sugar instead.

As much as I love Bruxie's, I probably won't frequent this commercialized location on the Strip. I will say, however, that it is worth trying!笑
The food was insanely good! Everything was flavored perfectly. The staff was so attentive! Usually when you order from a counter, you don't get attention after the order. The staff always made sure we were doing great. Must visit for Vegas brunch!笑
For lunch this place was great. I will definitely be back for the chicken in waffle. I got the blue cheese version and it was delicious and came with a side of waffle fries much like Chick-fil-A. All of the other meals I saw coming out looked good too. If you have room their custard is also amazing!笑
Great service, pretty interior and adequate prices. 
I ordered BBQ pulled pork waffle and it was amazing, a little bit on a spicy side. My friend didn't like his turkey club waffle but I guess it's up to personal preferences. Definitely coming back here!笑
Absolutely amazing food. Best waffles I've had in a long time! Chicken delicious crispy yet not greasy.笑
A breath of fresh air away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. We enjoyed the light, fresh menu options at Bruxie's.
The waffle paired with the fresh berries worked perfectly together.笑
Everything is delicious! I love the waffle sandwich! The chicken is very tasty and the waffle is crisp and thin, making for a perfect sandwich. The coffee was strong and bold! If you love dark and heavy coffee then this place is the best place for you! The employees had a great attitude and good advice in the meals and the place is small and gets packed but soooooo worth the wait! When in Vegas this is a must stop!!笑
Hands down. Best chicken and waffles ever. Perfect thickness to the waffles with the perfect crunch. Chicken was on point with flavor and juiciness. Definitely a must place to check out.!笑
I actually saw this place while eating with some friends at Shake Shack. It's a little building tucked away a little past New York New York on the strip. 

I ordered the Green Eggs and Ham breakfast sandwich. It was very good. The pesto is has A LOT of basil. I would describe it as tasting earthy because of this. The food came out relatively quickly. My friend and I split the sandwich (which they cut in half for us) and were full. Granted, we'd both already eaten Shake Shack burgers beforehand. Still, I think two could comfortably share an entree here. 

The prices are reasonable. They have a lot of seating and were not too crowded. You gotta love the reusable cutlery. 

There's one of these where I live and I can't believe it took me coming to Vegas to finally try it. I would definitely come back.笑
Have you ever wanted epic food coma while in Vegas? Yes, you do. It IS Vegas after all.

Yes, there are buffets. Or you can come here for carb overload amazingness. There are other locations in SoCal, but this is a convenient option at The Park, where there is a variety restaurants and bars by the new stadium.

Since this is the home of the original **Chicken Waffle Sandwich**, someone had to order it. It's exactly what you're imagining, except way more massive. The waffle is super thick and the chicken has a nice crisp breading.

We also shared the **Poutine Waffle Fries.** Good lord, the portion was way huger than we expected. We thought it would be a small appetizer size. Nope. The delicious waffle fries are topped with cheese curds and pieces of fried chicken (yes, more fried chicken). 

However appetizing that sounds, I enjoyed the dish Frau C. and I shared the most. The **Original Chicken & Waffle Skillet** arrived and I couldn't stop drooling. It's surprising I was even able to get a photo of it before devouring it! The chicken is breaded in a super thin crispy batter, the waffle infused with cheddar and bacon, and the whole thing completely doused in maple syrup. To die for! I literally think I died a little bit eating this.

TIP: Food coma will immediately commence, so be prepared. Maybe bring your pillow so you can take a nap! (Okay, probably not.)

DATE TIP: Nap time!笑
Best Place for Chicken and Waffles hands down!!!
Must try!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Nashville Sandwich was bomb!!! 
Original Skillet is a must try!!

This place is so fucking good!! Better than Roscoes!!

A little tricky to find but its right around the Shake Shack.

Parking free for one hour at NY/NY.

One guy stands out in service. Always Checking to see if everything is okay. Very friendly. Attentive. Was there on this Sunday morning. Appreciate his hard work!笑
So I have only been here one time since they have opened this location, I've been to the ones in Cali a couple of times.

I really don't like the Bruxies in Cali , but for this location I was pleasantly surprised! For some reason I think it tastes much better than ones in Cali. 

I ordered the chicken waffle sandwich with fries.

Im giving this 4 stars because the food was good, although the fries were heavily over salted. The staff was kind of awkward to me. 

No one seemed to have real restaurant experience, as they looked to be wandering aimlessly not even looking at what trays needed to be taken or if anyone needed anything. 

Then what I thought was funny was they give you number trackers so they know what numbers are sitting where so they can just drop the food off directly to you. But they were like yelling what they had on the trays trying to hope whoever ordered the food heard them and would go table to table "did you order this?" Lol

Would I come here again? Sure, the food is good.笑
Ordered the original chicken and waffle sandwich and it was excellent! Chicken was fried to perfection and the honey chili sauce was delicious, I just wish there was a little more sauce.
I also ordered one of their homemade sodas (Cola, and my boyfriend ordered a spiced cola which is similar to Dr. Pepper) and I really enjoyed those as well. The spiced cola is a little strong and bf didn't like it, so he gave it to me. It takes a little getting used to but I liked it!
The service was excellent! We went on a Monday evening so it wasn't busy, and the staff approached us while we were eating to ask if we needed anything and even offered to give my brother a refill. Wasn't expecting it since it had a fast food style ordering system but I was pleasantly surprised.
Overall, the food is a tad pricey for what you get, but I'm a fan of chicken and waffles. Staff and service were great and so was the food!笑
This was my second time just going to this restaurant chain in general, so I was excited to see this place here in Vegas.

My boyfriend and I decided to be adventurous and try out their limited time only Korean style burger that was supposed to be a bit spicy. We ended up getting a side of fries and a cream soda as well that apparently they make in house.

It didn't take too long for our order to come out and when it did, it looked really good. They were nice enough to cut the sandwich in half, but the slaw in it kept falling out. It was really salty cause of the soy sauce and it drowned out the flavors a lot from the sandwich in whole. But the chicken was nice and crispy and the waffles were soft and fluffy with some crunch too on the outside. The fries were of course good cause it's hard to do them wrong the sods was pretty good too.

I should've stuck with my gut instinct to just get their signature chicken and waffle sandwich. But glad I gave it a shot though.笑
Best food we have had in Vegas so far! Seriously a great value great service and a great location! I've been here twice and I never do that but this sandwich was so good I had to have it again!笑
I feel like this place can be great! It has potential. But as of now it could be better!

Astrid was very polite very cordial and knowledge of the menu! 

The sodas are made with real sugar cane. The coke tasted like the Mexican coke!

We ordered chicken fingers it came with fries. The fries need to be cruncher they are blond in color. 
Also ordered bacon cheddar waffle which was horrible.
 it has sugar cane pearls large enough to not melt and I'm guessing to add extra crunch.
 This is not pleasant to eat! Also the waffle is extremely doughy. I think they're sugar pearls cause it to not bake properly leaving a very doughy and dense waffle. not my favorite.

 we also ordered the waffle chicken sandwich that was very delicious chicken is very tender juicy flavorful waffle could be slightly cruncher. it was on the blonde side, soft side. Not saying I wanted it dry and hard. But if serving with hot crunchy chicken sandwich it needs to hold.

 For dessert we ordered  waffle sundae the custard ice cream that came with it was very creamy very delicious! We ask for the regular waffle. Not the one on the menu since the sundae waffle is a Liege, all the deserts uses this kind. Liege is the crystal pearl raw sugar waffle think undercooked dense.
 they were more than happy to accommodate our order and change the waffle to the one served with the chix sandwich. It was very delicious has dark chocolate, not sweet to compliment all the other sugar in the sundae the peanuts were nice and roasted very crunchy, whipped cream was quality whipped cream.

Over-all maybe going back for just breakfast but as of now maybe next time.I not worth $50笑
Classic Fried Chicken Sandwich

Waffle is super light and thin with a good crisp exterior (would have preferred a little more bite but satisfied) 

Chicken is well seasoned and cooked just right - plenty of spices, crispy exterior and moist interior

Spicy maple syrup was a nice touch that helped to bring the sandwich together 

Waffle fries lacked a crispy texture and interior was too airy 

Overall Thoughts

Great snack spot for dinner or before hitting the strip笑
Had to wait a bit but it was totally worth it. We had the mushroom salad and regular chicken and waffle sandwich. Super yummy笑
I go to school in the south, where I've had some of the best chicken and waffles. This place is alright - I got the Nashville-style hot chicken and waffles and found the fried chicken to be unbelievably greasy and the waffles to be bland. I'd give it 3 stars for taste, but bump it up for the awesome location, the fast serving time, and the nice ambience. This place gets crowded but people move in and out pretty quickly.笑
Been here a couple of times now! Sucks that the Chicken Pesto Waffle thingy is off the menu but you can never go wrong with the Classic Chicken Waffle. It's tender, the sauce is incredible and the waffle is crisp.

Their maple syrup is on the light side so be sure to ask for extra bottles! And by bottles I mean the syrup comes in a tiny containers, so yeah, grab some if you need some.

Will be back for more! But lessen the butter smudge on the Naked Waffle笑
I ate the Holy Chicken waffle sandwich. My buddy had the Nashville 3 piece chicken.

The holy chicken and waffles sandwich was awesome. Very flavorful. I tried the Nashville chicken and it was good. Not to spicy and the flavor was on point.笑
This is by far the best chicken and waffles I've tasted. That's a pretty strong comment considering I absolutely adore Roscoes. 

The chicken breast is so juicy and moist and it's fried to perfection. The fried chicken matches perfectly with the semi sweet syrup.

The cheddar waffle is crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside. Not dense or mushy like some waffle can get. It's topped off with butter and sugar bits which is also in the batter. 

Bruxie is located the The Park, connected to New York, New York on one side and the T-Mobile arena in the other. So good. This is a must try.笑
Came here on a Monday around 7:30PM. The line wasn't that long. 

I really like the design of this place. It feels like I'm eating outdoors but I'm really not. Loving the huge open windows and high ceilings.

I ordered the the Carolina BBQ Pulled Pork and that sandwich was amazing. I never had a sandwich on a waffle before. I was surprised how soft the waffle was and decent the portion they gave.

Service was excellent and offered to refill our drinks several times so that was a plus. I really like the music they played also笑
I had the grilled chicken and waffles and loved it, my friend had the fried chicken and waffles and also loved it. Awesome service, good price, and fast. It's not a fancy restaurant but it has a nice atmosphere with large windows to look out of. We will be back at our next visit to Vegas, which should be next month!笑
If you are a fan of Fried Chicken & Waffles, Bruxie is the place to be! I've had my fair share of FC&W all around & this spot was so good, I went twice in the same day! 
If you're in Vegas or planning a trip, make sure you eat here at least once for an awesome breakfast or a hungover brunch. 

The line can get a bit long during peak hours but it's worthy of the wait. I recommend the FC&W sandwich & the Nutella/Banana/Sweet Cream. This food was so good, I'm seriously getting hungry again just writing my review.

Menu: 
It's not a big menu, but you're here for the FC&W so look to order one of the variations for a crowd pleaser. 

Decor:
They have a wall made from waffle irons.
The seating is plentiful, but the amount of space they allowed themselves for lines to form is far from adequate. Also, when they are ringing people up, it's hard to get a single file line setup as people tend to bunch up. A designated line 1 & 2 should be implemented with one of those retractable rope devices.

Location:
It's tucked away down a side street bordering the outskirts of the NYNY Casino. It's near the waterwalls.

See my photos of the outside, inside, & food.笑
The atmosphere here is nice! You can sit out in the front or on the barstool to look at the pedestrian walking by. There's inside seatings too. Pretty chilled. 

Customer service was great! Friendly faces and checked up on us a couple of times. That's a plus! 

Of course we had to get the original fried chicken and waffle! Kinda bummed cause the chicken was dried and the piece was small. 

The prosciutto and Swiss on the other side was BOMB! The egg was cooked to perfection. Watching the yolk burst and dripping down my waffle was oh so sexy. 

Overall, must try! Happy eating! ((;笑
I had the original chicken sandwich. It was a little different than I was expecting, it was very good but the waffle on its own wasn't anything too special, it was a little bland and more crunchy than I would have preferred, the chicken was really moist and tender and had a good flavor with a glaze that I'm not exactly sure what it was but it had a little bit of an orange flavor, it was delicious. I look forward to going back and trying another sandwich, they have a lot that sound really good.笑
I really wanted to love it. Everything about Bruxie caught my eye and I couldn't wait to try it out when I was staying nearby the restaurant during my recent Vegas trip. I thought everything about the place was awesome until I tried my sandwich. 

I ordered the Nashville Hot. It might have been the sauce that comes on it but I was not a fan. The chicken didn't really have any flavors I was expecting - it was not spicy at all just very saucy. The relish sauce that came on the sandwich did not work for me. My boyfriend got the original fried chicken and waffle sandwich and mentioned that there was barely any sauce on his chicken/sandwich which was very unfortunate. We also got an order of waffle fries... which was basically 4 pieces. Not exactly worth $3.

I love the restaurant logo, concept, and atmosphere. Maybe my next experience will be better. Looks like I'll just have to check out another Bruxie the next time I find one around me!笑
I'm giving this 3 stars because the customer service very friendly and accommodating, I love chicken and waffles, but I don't love mounds of greasy breading stuck between fluffy delicious waffles, I think they need to change their oil, this felt like heart attack on a waffle. I recommend u don't get a waffle sandwich, instead anything else on the menu, waffles are spectacular, artesian sodas are tasty and there are a couple grilled options. They also have custard that looks delicious and decadent.笑
Had a fantastic lunch here... the original was awesome and the staff was very attentive throughout our time there. Definite recommend...笑
They prove that waffles can go with everything.  Savory or sweet they have it.  A little pricey but it is on the vegas strip so not unexpected.笑
Visited Bruxie yesterday with my girlfriend for breakfast, they open at 9am. It was actually really good!!

I ordered the green eggs and ham, that pesto sauce they put inside is delicious! Add sriracha sauce to it and it gives it a nice kick!! My girlfriend ordered the chicken and waffle sandwich combo with waddle fries and a strawberry lemonade! We wish the strawberry lemonade was bigger, but it was good, definitely fresh! I love how they have water by the condiments as well!! 

The waffle fries were delicious, perfect salt and still soft, not too crunchy like it sat around the whole time. It's a nice place, quiet when they first open but starts getting busier around 10ish! It's a cute place!笑
Stumbled onto this place with a group that was in search of dinner and I was in search of a sweet. Thankfully I found that they had a Belgian chocolate sundae on the menu. To my surprise when I got my order the ice cream was white. I asked a waiter if this was chocolate and he stared at me like I had ten heads I actually ended up asking him if he even worked here when he was so surprised. He told me the ice cream was chocolate so I just agreed. A friend in the group saw how confused I was and brought my sundae up to the front where she was told that they don't even have chocolate ice cream..... Just wondering why it's even on the menu then ....  good thing their focus of the restaurant is not ice cream.笑
Im from Las Vegas and it was the first time i have experienced this place. My friends said that it was a must go. I was along for the ride. My order was the Nashville Hot and that was a really good pick. Idk what kind of sauce that was but it was a really good mix of flaver and spicyness. Along with it was the pickle in it which made a really big difference. A thin slice of the pickle was all it needed. This a by far the beat waffle sandwich i have had personally. I also tried my friends order which was the original. It was good as well but for my personal taste it was a bit sweet. We hinestly thought if they added a pickle it would have upped the flavor.

It was a really good place having a patio. If you wanted to stay inside and look outside you have that option.

The people who worked there seemed very nice a d bring your order promptly. I have no complaints abkit Bruxie at all and i cant wait to go again. I really like that in our day and age that a chicke. Waffle sandwich is an option. Greag job and thank you Bruxie!笑
Walked about 20 min to get to this place and was worth it every bit! Ordered the original waffle chicken sandwich and it was delicious!

I am pretty hard to please when it comes to finding decent American food, but this place definitely did it for me.笑
I ordered the Angus burger and was worried that the waffle bun was going to be too sweet. But it actually was not sweet at all and was super good!!  It was the PERFECT texture! Light, airy, and crispy on the outside. I loved the burger and devoured it within 3 minutes! I'm a picky eater so this was a hit for me. My friend got the chicken burger with feta and oregano dressing. The chicken was small, but was sooo juicy and seasoned perfectly! The fries were also delicious, crispy, and seasoned well. I had the strawberry Palmer, which was refreshing but had absolutely no sweetness (which oddly I would have rather had a little more sweetness). Unfortunately, we didn't get the chance to try the sweet desserts, but I'm willing to bet was also amazing. Definitely try this place out!笑
Location: right next to Monte Carlo. Plenty of seating inside and outside for a nice brunch.

Food: slightly disappointed in the waffle, hence the 3/5. Was expecting a great waffle. It's a bit on the dry side and lacks in flavour. I do appreciate their idea of putting anything on the waffle like chicken, eggs, chorizo, avocado etc. That's what made the waffle taste much better. I ordered the Original Chicken & Waffle then substituted the chicken breast for a chicken thigh. Wanted a bit more flavour and a juicy tender piece of chicken. I've had chicken and waffles before, Roscoes still takes the cup. 

Service: 3/5, not bad. There was not much of team work going on. Some were nice, some totally clueless to what was going on. Overall this was an OK experience. 
If you're interested in Bruxie, try the LA location for more options.笑
We loved this place when we stayed in Vegas. I am a vegetarian but my friends who are not vegetarian said this was the best fried chicken they ever had! The service was great and everything tasted so fresh and homemade. This place i highly recommend!笑
Love love love this place! Food is so good, the vibe is relaxed and the service is amazing. Most people don't realize that there are 55,000 parking spaces within walking distance to the arena and park...parking will never be an issue. 

***Shout out to Andre- have to say he was by far someone who stood out as an Allstar employee. He was extremely friendly, refilling drinks, bussing tables and all around welcoming to everyone in the place. He's an employee to be proud of!笑
Hands down a must visit on the strip! Extraordinary chicken waffles that you'll savor down to the last bite. The chili honey seals the deal.笑
So damn good. Came here for breakfast my first day in Vegas, was so good that I came back the next day for breakfast again. I had tried Bruxies sometime awhile back at their location in Irvine and I think I got a dessert waffle, but really it didn't leave any lasting impression. This time around I got the breakfast sandwich the first day (bacon, egg and Gouda I think??) and it was so damn good. My sister got the Nashville chicken waffle and said it was also delicious. Also had the strawberry lemonade which was too sweet for my taste, but if you water it down a bit its good. Also got the coffee, which was strong and good. Second day, I wanted to try their chicken waffle which is what they're known for, so I got the Nashville chicken waffle which was amazing- has a bit of spice to it. It's located at the park which is between New York New York and Monte Carlo. For Vegas, this place is a hit because the food is so damn amazing and it is insanely cheap for Vegas.笑
Perhaps the best chicken sandwich I've ever devoured. Fairly big too, and I'm a big eater. I was a little hesitant I would be so satisfied considering that my waffle sandwich, Buffalo-style fries, and drink was worth the $19 pricetag, but it surprisingly was.

The Original chicken waffle sandwich is/was a culinary masterpiece. Took 10mins to get to my table, but worth the wait. The waffle was light and crisp. The chicken perfectly fried and lightly battered. The slaw and chili-honey sauce complemented each other nicely. TIP: order an extra side of the sauce for dipping/topping. Also, feel free to change soft drinks without extra charge.

The Buffalo style fries were great. Not too soupy or soggy, with ample blue cheese sprinkles. Just wish there were a few more fries per order.

I'll be back for this meal next time I'm in Vegas.笑
I'm not really a fan of anything with waffles for dinner, but this was entirely different than I expected! I ordered the Carolina BBQ Pulled Pork waffle sandwich and it was delicious! The waffle itself was soft and "bready", and the BBQ sauce mixed with cheese and their cider slaw was so flavorful. I also ordered the fried chicken poutine fries which used waffle fries. I have to say, the fried chicken itself, is great. Juicy, with the breading not overpowering the actual chicken at all. I can't wait to come back and try the other options on the menu!笑
This is by far the best chicken and waffle we have ever had. It's a MUST STOP if you are in Vegas. I wish we could have gone more than once on our four day trip.. seriously. Their fried chicken is so juicy and tender, and all of the flavors in the chicken and waffle original are so scrumptious. We also got the buffalo and bleu, which was so tasty and it had just the right amount of kick for breakfast. 

They have a fun soda selection and thanks to their friendly staff, we got to try many variations of the sodas, as well as their creamy custard. Wow, I wish we could go back right now. 

Awesome food and even better staff!笑
I've been to Bruxie twice. The first time I had the Nashville hot sandwich and was thoroughly impressed. I liked it so much, I brought my relatives who came to town a couple weeks later. I was excited when I realized the breakfast sandwiches were available all day, and ordered the prosciutto and arugula one. Again, knocked it out if the park (no pun intended). . My mom and aunt were also really pleased with their selections. I really wish there was a location in the NW or Summerlin, since I would go way more often. The desserts look fabulous too, but I never have room for one :)  Reasonably priced, tasty food on the Strip is hard to find, but Bruxie does it right.笑
My friends and I were looking for a place to eat and stumbled upon Bruxie. My god.... was it the best decision in Vegas. I went 3 days in a row and tried something different each time. This place is no joke, one of the best places to eat in Vegas that won't kill your wallet. Each item will run you about $10. The line can get long at times, but it moves very quickly. The food is brought out to you too, so grab a cup of iced water while you're waiting or try their strawberry lemonade (the best I've ever had!).

Day 1- Buttermilk Fried Chicken Cobb and I tried my girlfriend's Grilled California Pesto Chicken
Day 2- Nashville Hot Chicken
Day 3- Hot Pastrami and Swiss and I tried Green Eggs and Ham

All 3 days I was impressed by the food. Every item I tried was amazing, so you can't go wrng with anything. They're known for their chicken, but the breakfast waffles were good too. I'm sure the sweet waffles would be good too but I didnt get to try them. The chicken is really juicy and tender, regardless of which item you choose. The salad was fresh too. If you're visiting, definitely try out Bruxie!笑
Had the chicken tenders and fries. Delicious !highly recommend if your in Vegas or close to the NYNY.笑
My family and I decided to stop in here after watching Toruk at the T-Mobile Arena.  We were lured in by the delicious looking pictures of their desert crepes. We got 3 desert crepes between the 4 of us. My favorite was the lemon creme and berry crepe! It was amazingly tart and sweet all at the same time.  We were expecting it to be quite heavy, but were pleasantly surprised by how light the dessert crepes were. My brother and dad liked the creme brulee waffles the best.  Overall, the texture and flavor of the waffles were perfect and we would definitely come back. I can't wait to try a savory crepe next!笑
I tried the 3 piece fried chicken (original seasoned) with the bacon cheddar waffle. I also got the Irish nachos. My favorite dish was definitely the fried chicken with waffle, especially the waffle. The bacon cheddar had a glaze on it and usually I don't like sweet and savory together but this was so good. The fried chicken weren't thighs or drumsticks (which I prefer), and sometimes it was a little dry but the outside was super crispy and yummy. For the Irish nachos, it's nice to snack on, but I probably wouldn't order it again. The waffle fries itself was really good!笑
Visiting Vegas for a few days. Decided to top by based off the ratings. We ordered the traditional fried chicken sandwich. Sandwich was fresh but a little to sweet for me with the honey dressing. Coleslaw was good, the atmosphere is nice. We enjoyed the strawberry lemonade. Def not worth of the 4.5 star rating it has but a good option if you want something quick.笑
My toddler and I had breakfast at Bruxie during our visit to Vegas.  The naked waffle was amazing.  It wasn't busy so didn't take long which I appreciated being with a toddler.  Only thing was I didn't receive my coffee until after my food was gone.  I noticed everyone else received theirs before their food came out.  I had to ask the server for it and she replied casually that "oh they must be making it."  All in all, good experience.  Was probably a one time occurrence.笑
My boyfriend and I were on vacation staying at the Aria and not a day went by without fitting in a Bruxie meal (sometimes twice). I even snuck out while he napped and got the skillet waffle with pork (my boyfriend is anti pork) but I had to! Boy, oh boy am I glad. It was phenomenal! And the honey hot sauce just makes your mouth water. The staff is super friendly and they even honored an expired online special, which was great. I can't wait to get back to Vegas for this place. It's so dangerously close to the Aria. You'll be addicted.笑
GREAT GREAT SERVICE. Everyone was super friendly and accommodated me wonderfully. 4/5 stars because the food wasn't as great. If you've ever had Bruxies in SoCal expect to be a little disappointed but it was still pretty good.笑
Loved this place. Waffle was nice and crispy and stayed that way after a few hours. The chicken was perfectly fried and seasoned. I had the BBQ honey sandwich with the onion straws. Awesome! Can't wait to return and try a different t sandwich.笑
Fried chicken and waffle sandwich is where it's at.  Just delicious.  Also had the grilled chicken with sun-dried tomatoes, roasted crimini mushrooms, goat cheese and romaine with a balsamic dressing - which was decent.  I would have liked different toppings.  The strawberry lemonade was tasty but a little on the sweeter side.  Prices are about $11-$14 for sandwiches and the salad was $11-$12, so definitely reasonable.  Thanks Yelp!笑
In a town where you can literally have anything you want, Bruxie is an unexpected surprise--chicken and waffles in Vegas? get out of here, that's crazy! Whether you go with the original chicken and waffles, their spicy version, or the sweetness of lemon cream and berries you won't go away unsatisfied. The salads are also amazing and their waffle fries make the perfect pair with any sandwich. I've tried many places and haven't found anyone who gets this combination right....until now. Some places have soggy waffles, others make their waffles way too thick and drown out the chicken and yet others just can't get the chicken right. The location on the strip is perfect for people watching, it's clean, busy and definitely awesome. The staff is very friendly and helpful, we were being checked on quite often, our drinks were constantly topped off and our table remained clean and clutter free throughout our meal. I can see a drawback for locals though, there is very little parking nearby so that would definitely create a headache. Next time you're in Vegas, give Bruxie a try, it wil definitely surprise you how good it really is.笑
This joint was very delicious. Chicken and waffles were great! Everyone was also friendly, my first time having them was here in Vegas and I'll come back! Perfect for brunch or if you just love chicken and waffles笑
The food great!! Nice atmosphere and great beers on tap. The chili honey sauce is perfect for the sandwich! I would eat here again.笑
So good we came back 3 times on our trip.  Each dish is delicious and the coffee is on point.笑
Food 3 stars, plus one for really good service. They are providing semi-table service so tip accordingly!

Free refills, plus you can change drinks if you want. I tried the strawberry lemonade. It wasn't too sweet or too tart. Not powerfully strawberry-ish, though.

Only 50cents to add cheese sauce to their side and drink combo. This place isn't price gouging at all and I respect that a lot in sin city.

Chicken waffle sandwich was intriguing. The chicken "breast" appeared to be a conglomerate of mixed chicken breast pieces, tenderized and breaded in a patty shape, rather than a single breast. It was nice quality meat mostly so I didn't mind. Just wasn't expecting it. Asked for my slaw on the side and it was probably less than 1 big forkful. Not upset I'm not that into slaw.

Waffle fries with cheese sauce on the side was good.

The waffle it's self was okay. Light airy and crispy. I was expecting a bit more tenderness, TBH.

The food I would rate 3 stars. Good not great. A nice easy lunch. The customer service pushed it up to 4 stars. The kid running around helping people and clearing tables was super zippy and cheerful.笑
Fried chicken and waffle sandwich??

Totally caught my eye as this complex by NYNY is new to me since I was last in Vegas.
Came in for lunch and had to try their original chicken and waffle sandwich. Hubby had their hot pastrami and Swiss. We also tried their strawberry lemonade, waffle fries, and mac and cheese.

Maybe I have a giant stomach but I didn't find the sandwich that big. I had plenty of room for sides after eating the sandwich.

Both sandwiches were great - messy but super tasty. Waffles were nice and light and the meats were nicely done. Crispy but not too greasy.
Waffle fries were average. Mac and cheese was below average - kind of reminded me of a cheese whiz. Would skip that for sure.
Loved the strawberry lemonade! Nice balance against the saltiness of the rest of the meal.

Priced at $10/sandwich and about $3-4/side. Casual option where you order at the counter and take your food once it's ready. Items are made fresh to order.笑
Great place for chicken and waffles in vegas without hurting your wallet!  I'm starting to like all these quick and easy bites to grab.  Prices are ~10$ per waffle sandwich.  The Nashville chicken was on point, it packs a pretty satisfying spice without burning off your taste buds.  Chicken strips were breaded evenly and pretty general.  

If you get the nutella banana waffle I recommend getting the white cream on the side.  For some people the pairing is strange, so I was glad of having the option of not using it. 

I will come back!  I want to try the original sandwich and the cheddar bacon waffle skillet too!笑
I loved it so much I ate 5 sandwiches. Makes me hungry just thinking about it. Really great place and a solid price.笑
I tried the liege waffle, which is a complicated preparation.  The brioche dough was tasty and moist.  The problem was the treatment of the exterior.  Usually they are cooked in a VERY hot iron that caramelizes the pearl sugar lumps.  They cooked it in a normal iron then used a propane torch to "caramelize" the exterior.

The result was a charred exterior and almost raw (hard) lumps of of sugar.  Better than a regular waffle, but leaves a bit to be desired.笑
Curse you, Bruxie!

Just got back from a week in Vegas and my clothes are fitting a lot tighter due to the fact that we ate here five times during our stay. We seriously couldn't get enough of this place. I tried something different each time and everything was amazing.

 Staff all had smiles and were personable. 

We're already planning a return trip to Vegas and Bruxie is gonna be our first stop.笑
Awesome service- even though you order from the counter, they bring you your food and come around to give you unlimited drink refills. The batter is delicious, waffles fluffy. Textures and burst of flavors in every bite are delightful! Very heavy food though. We get the Nashville Style Spicy and Creme Brûlée waffle desert.笑
Amazing Nashville hot chicken and waffle sandwich I had.  Not super hot, amazing flavor
Sat outside a few nights ago and it was perfect temperature.  Not super busy at 10 pm when we got there 
A must try place!笑
We live 230 miles away.  My husband asked where I wanted to go for my birthday, I said "Chicken and Waffles in Vegas!  We were there last April and I was looking for an excuse to return.  I was not disappointed.  There were six adults in our group and everyone loved their meal.   I had the Nashville sandwich.  Spicy and tangy great flavor combo.  Ordered a little spicy syrup on the side for the last few bites, tasted like dessert.  The waffle fries are lite and not greasy.   Park at the New York New York located just outside the North enterance.  Get it to go and sit at a table out by the strip.  You'll love it!笑
Yum!!! Waffles are perfection and staff is awesome! You have to park in the lot of walk out from New York New York to access this place. The fried chicken and waffles are on point as well as the banana Nutella waffles. Strawberry lemonade is a bit on the sweet side, but just add water! Also, you get free refills here. Waffles fries are crispy and not greasy. Sandwiches are good too. Had the turkey BLT and there was a hint of maple syrup in it. Makes total sense since the bread outside the sandwich was a waffle! Will definitely come back here. Meal was delish!笑
Absolutely the best service and best meal! Mariz is who helped me at the counter, she was super friendly and helpful. I ordered a side of Mac and cheese, so good. The flavor was unique and tasted fresh! I also ordered a spicy chicken and waffle sandwich. Man oh man it was so tasty and I'm fan fan of spicy but this lit me up haha. I will be back next time I am in Vegas!笑
This place is super fun and trendy.

I love fried chicken and waffles, but I didn't grow up eating them together. I love that everything is made from scratch and fresh to order, even the sodas.

I had the Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich and my husband got the original chicken strips with waffle fries. It was around $20.

The sandwich was huge. The waffle of the sandwich was great...not too thin or too thick and the right amount or chewy and crispy. My only complaint was that the description said slaw and pickles and it could have used A LOT more of both. The hot chicken was crispy and juicy. Super tasty, but not as spicy as I was expecting. The original chicken strips were excellent. Waffle fries were good, but nothing special.

I would really like to go back for some of there sweeter waffle options like the Crème Bruleé Waffle.

They are absolutely worth checking out!!笑
Chicken and waffles - sweet or spicy, they are making it and making it deliciously. The waffle is thinner and crisper than your typical waffle, making it the perfect vehicle to hold your fried chicken. It's the perfect stop if you want a less fancy but super tasty bite to eat.笑
Absolutely Amazing.First we loved the decor.Service from the start to end was excellent.The food turnaround was great. We had the original and the holy chicken was excellent.笑
The Nashville Hot Chicken & Bacon Waffle skillet is why this place gets five stars from me. This is the best version of Chicken and Waffles compared to any other place in Vegas. The other stuff is good, but I don't see a reason to order them. 

The sandwich waffle IS NOT the bacon waffle you get in the skillet. The bacon waffle is a different, tastier beast.

The Bacon Waffle is the best waffle I've had with or without chicken. The bacon fat doesn't hit you over the head with smoke or salt, the pork fat mixes in well with the sugar and rosemary. The outside is crisp and has a crunch from the crystalized sugar, the inside is flaky and soft.

The Chicken has a kick. Crisp and Juicy. Get a side of honey for a dip.笑
YUM YUM YUM. Had never really been curious about the whole chicken and waffle thing. Was just walking the strip after a night of partying. Something greasy and heavy sounded good. We decided to check this out. I bet Roscoes is amazing but WOW. It wasn't too heavy at all and tasted beyond what I thought it would. I ordered the original and couldn't get enough with the syrup. Definitely going back when I visit Vegas again笑
This place is so good! First time having chicken and waffles and it was delightful. Must go!笑
My first time and I just learned there is one in Santa Monica.  There was a line but the wait was not to bad. I got to try the Buffalo chicken tenders and were very tender inside and slight crispy on the outside. I also took a bite of my boyfriend's original chicken waffle which was awesome!! Add some hot sauce and you'll be good! And we both shared the creme Brule waffle which was perfect not too sweet but enough to satisfy your sweet tooth. I will definitely be visiting the Santa Monica location笑
Wow! The Holy Chicken was great. Waffles, Chicken, Bacon, and Egg. You place your order at the counter and the staff brings the meal to you vey quickly. Definitely worth the stop if you're hungry.笑
Amazing. I love their pastrami waffle sandwich. The waffle is not too sweet or over powering. This place is unique. Give it a try!!笑
That was horrible. I order the hot Louisiana chicken sandwich. It wasn't even spicy. If you've ever had Howlin Rays in Los Angeles, CA you would know what I mean. It was a huge disappointment. You would think for something to get 4.5 stars in Vegas it'd be good. The waffle was alright and that could be because the sandwich was blah. I would skip this on your next trip.笑
Very busy place. Tasty waffle options. Good for not so large parties due to limited space. Servers were attentive.笑
After walking all over the strip and finally arriving at the New York New York hotel, I was excited that I was THIS close to finally getting the Bruxie waffle i have sooooo wanted to try. I was glad they opened one in Vegas since I haven't been able to make it to the LA location. It is a little hard to find as its on the side of the hotel and not inside or on the Las Vegas blvd side. It's around the corner from shake shack.

At 10pm at night, I was stoked to see there was NO line! I ordered the original chicken and waffle and a water. And then I almost fainted at how much my total was bc my water was almost as much as my chicken and waffle!!!!!!!! It was my bad for not noticing there was a "meal deal" (adding a drink/side to your waffle for a couple bucks more) but I wish the girl who was ringing me up would've mentioned something. Like "hey you wanna add a drink and a side to that for $3.95?". Because paying $7 bucks for smart water?! I already felt like a idiot for buying it but I was thirsty from speed walking all over the strip so I just sucked it up handed over my money. 

The chicken tho, was deeeeelicious. It was so freaking good. But the waffle was just ok. But the chicken. I could eat a plate of just that chicken alone! It was just perfect. Perfectly seasoned and fried, the right amount of crispness. It was just delicious. Def 5 stars for the chicken. But I had to give this place 4 stars for just the ok waffle and the Louis Vuitton priced water. 

I would still go back and give this place another try, there are a lot of good looking things on the menu that look worth trying.笑
Stopped here after a late show.  Got the chicken and waffle.  The chicken was really good!  I couldn't eat the waffle because it was a little too sweet for me after drinking but am betting it would be great otherwise.  Definitely would try this again.笑
Fuuuuuuuucking delicious chicken tenders OMMG. Be sure to try the sodas and all the condiments too!笑
Great hangover food! I'd definitely go back, and you should definitely try it -- especially if you're trying to do Vegas on a budget. Pros: food is tasty and really good value, Cons: a bit greasy and portions are a bit smaller (by Vegas standards). 

Food: Almost everything on the menu is a Belgian waffle sandwich of some sort. I ordered The Original--a fried chicken waffle sandwich. Would eat again -- chicken was crunchy and super flavorful (I think it had rosemary in the breading?) and the waffle is really light and airy. My friends ordered a plain waffle and the raspberry lemon cream waffle sandwich -- I'm not a fan of lemon cream and it was a bit soggy, but still tasty. 

Value: Like I said, for being in Vegas $8-10 a sandwich is not bad at all. Left full and happy. 

Atmosphere: It's in a really nice spot by New York New York with some outdoor benches. Inside is modern and spacious. The line was long, but we had no trouble finding a table. 

Service: Staff were so so friendly and helpful!笑
Who doesn't like chicken and waffles? I got the Nashville hot waffle skillet -- The cheddar bacon waffle was great but I wish it was bigger but that was more than made up for by the amount of chicken I received!! The chicken was good, and as spicy as I expected, there was a disturbing amount of either grease or melted butter from the Nashville sauce that pooled at the bottom of the skillet. 

Finished with diet soda with Splenda.

My fiancé got the regular waffle sandwich with Caesar salad which was pretty good "it was a good mix of sweet and salty" so I am told.笑
For someone who doesn't usually order waffles anywhere else, I love the variety of offerings at Bruxie.  Not everything on the menu has to do with breakfast, either.
This Sin City location is very nice and spacious with some huge windows overlooking the Park Vegas, great for people-watching.  The lines were not really long when I've gone and service is quick and friendly.  

What I've Had:
Fried Chicken Poutine:  just yum!  Treat yo'self to this item for the combo of waffle fries, buttermilk fried chicken, cheese curds, and gravy.  It's worth the cheat. 
 The Buffalo Bleu Fried Chicken sandwich is basically like eating buffalo wings on a waffle and if you like those, you'll like this item.  And, it's not really too spicy which I appreciate.  
The Bacon, Egg, and Cheddar waffle is nice for breakfast; you can add another egg and prosciutto to make it even nicer. 
 Ask for the Fluffernutter from the secret menu for a sweet little treat.  I still haven't tried the Lemon Cream and Berries, but it's on my list.
If you're in the area, try Bruxie out for a fast, casual, and fun meal.笑
Great food! I had the original chicken waffle sandwich and it was amazing. My wife had the bacon and egg waffle sandwich, she really enjoyed it as well.笑
MY PRAYERS WERE ANSWERED! Back where I live, there is only one chicken 'n waffles place within reasonable driving distance of my apartment. Unfortunately...it isn't that great. Even more unfortunately, my boyfriend had never tried chicken and waffles together before that place, and despite all of my ranting and raving about the true culinary masterpiece that is a good plate of chicken and waffles, he wasn't buying it.
Well, thanks to this place, he understands now. 
You have your choice of savory, sweet, traditional, and non-traditional waffle sandwiches. 
To play it safe, we just stuck with the original and Nashville sandwiches. 
What this place gets right, and what is most important about chicken and waffle sandwiches, is that the waffle can't be too soggy or crisp, and the chicken can't be overly fried. The waffle here has just the right amount of moisture, while still firm. The chicken isn't overly breaded or fried...it's like eating a chick-fil-a chicken breast, with different seasoning, on a good waffle. A+ quality. 
My boyfriend wanted to return but since we were limited to less than a week's worth of breakfast, we sadly could not. Unfortunately, this was the best breakfast we had that week by far and we definitely wasted our money trying to find good breakfast elsewhere.笑
With the grand opening of The Park, I KNEW I wanted Bruxie to be the first place I tried especially coming from California where it is widely loved and craved. Walked in and there were two employees that immediately approached us to talk to us about the menu and what's popular. Nice gesture! (o:

We were able to try the Original Buttermilk Chicken and waffles (with a side of waffle fries, nom!) and the Carolina BBQ Chicken Waffle. For drinks, we had the Arnold Palmer and Strawberry Lemonade. 

 The BC&W was okaaaay. The chicken itself is TOO sweet for my taste and even though it looks like a generous size chicken, it didn't feel as if it was big enough. The BBQ was so great! With or without the sauce, the pulled pork was really taste but I would suggest drowning your waffle + meat in their BBQ sauce! When you purchase a drink, it's refillable so it's def WORTH IT. Wasn't really a fan of the Arnold Palmer but the Strawberry lemonade was soOoo bomb!!! 

Overall, all the food was pretty filling...but for some odd reason, it wasn't quite satisfying.BUT the waffle fries were so good that I'm definitely going to be back!笑
I came here my last two trips with my friends. Everyone loved it. And we walked from the flamingo just to get it. I could probably come everyday during my stay really!! There chicken is unbelievable, I leave thinking I want to get another to go for later. This is a must visit in vegas!!笑
Just ok. I really don't know what the all hype is about this place. My husband's chicken was cold and my chicken and waffles was a little soggy in the middle. Waffle was just so so. This place was expensive for what it was. Probably would not eat here again and would not recommend.笑
Maybe I just let the hype get to me, but I was really disappointed. My friend told me to not bother and it tastes exactly how it sounds, but I had to give it a try.

I decided to get the original chicken and waffle sandwich. There was nothing spectacular about it. It literally just tastes how it sounds. I was hoping there was a little more taste to the waffle or something different atleast. 

In the end I ended up taking the chicken out and just eating the waffle and that was only because I was still hungry and the chicken just tasted like absolutely nothing.

It's a nice quick eat if you're around the area and just walking around, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.笑
Never heard of this little hole in the wall, but what a find.  Crispy chicken waffle sandwich was fantastic!!  Great seating area with a great view of the new square.  Vegas never disappoints !笑
This is a must do in Vegas! We went for brunch on a weekday. It wasn't too crowded, and the wait was fairly short. 

We Ordered:
I ordered the Bacon, Egg & Cheddar Sandwich with Fresh Fruit & Strawberry Lemonade. The bf ordered the Original Fried Chicken & Waffle, Waffle Fries & Strawberry Lemonade

Food:
Everything is made from scratch here, and it's obvious from first bite. My breakfast sandwich was perfect in every way-- the waffle was fluffy yet crispy, the bacon flavorful and the egg cooked perfectly. I added maple syrup about half way through and was glad I did-- it accented the flavors perfectly. 

I had a bite of the bf's chicken & waffle and it was very tasty! Slightly spicy, with the perfect crunch. The chicken was tender and the waffle was delicious . 

The fruit was fresh (strawberries, bananas and pineapple) and the waffle fries were perfect. 

Drinks:
We both ordered the strawberry lemonade, and it was the perfect balance of sweet and sour. It was clearly fresh & made from real ingredients. They had ice water available for free. 

Value:
Moderately priced, great value. 

Thanks Bruxie, we'll be back!笑
Waffle heaven! Who says you can't have waffles with everything? Bruxie makes an awesome case for it. 

Original Fried Chicken and Waffle sandwich (4.5 stars) - Very tasty seasoned fried chicken with a dash of chili honey and slaw in a waffle to be eaten like a sandwich. Cool and so delicious. Only downer was that waffle was a bit cold, wish it was warm like the rest of the sandwich.

Carolina BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich (4 stars) - Carolina BBQ sauce was really good with a slight kick. Pulled pork itself was a bit mushy. But the BBQ sauce with the meat and the waffle worked nicely together. Again the waffle itself was a bit cold.

Atmosphere is modern and atmosphere was lively, a bit hectic on opening week. Managers and servers are super attentive and friendly to make sure you have a great first experience.

It's part of the new Park area in between NYNY and Monte Carlo. Part of a bunch of new hip  places to try around there. 

Bottom line: A new Vegas must try, definitely hit the Fried Chix and waffle at least once. Was too full to try the frozen custard, coming back for that next time...笑
Awesome food. Great service. The waffle chicken sandwitch is great! Gotta try their yummy custard!笑
This establishment offers a very nice change of pace from the rest of the food around here. And what I mean is the feeling of "hipster food" coupled with not so hipster prices. I never had anything like this before, and I'm not even much of a waffle fan, however it was quite tasty and super fairly priced. Tried the fried chicken, pulled pork, sundae, and some other sweet object I can't quite remember, and it was fantastic. Only thing I'd humorously complain about though is the strength of your overhead fan. My bbq stained tissues were flying all over haha.笑
The issues with this place is the staff. 
We went there in the afternoon when there was not many customers.
Ordered the chicken strips with waffle cut fries to go. Tasted alright, nothing special. The order taker didn't seem that enthused to be there for starters. We waited a long time for the food to be prepared although I could see several workers in the kitchen area. When the food was ready it sat on the counter for a long time while the two girls whose job is to take it to the customers talked to each other about who knows what...Finally, one of them started bagging the order for me to take out. That process seemed to take longer then it should have.
The girl couldn't figure out what bag to put it in, or she was just confused about something with take out orders.
When we got the meals, the food had cooled down from the wait.
Fried food is not that appetizing cold. The Strawberry Ice Tea was flavorless...The staff all look like high school kids that weren't into it. I didn't see anyone who looked like a manager supervising anyone. I can't imagine what it would be like if the place was busy.
I'll give it another try to see if things change.笑
Walking by and just happened to glance over and wasn't going to wait in line, but the staff assured me it would be quick and it was. I don't know how it's possible to whip something as delicious as my "Green eggs and Ham" in such a timely fashion. I absolutely loved my meal and I will defiantly be back!笑
The best Waffle & Chicken I have had. Big recommendation for them. I'm  from Maryland had waffle & chicken few times the waffle has to be good to make the chicken stand out. It does笑
This place is great, my favorite is the creme brulee waffle. I love the feel and the little station with the free water. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because the service is awful. The kids who work there are either painfully awkward or just plain ignore looking at you in the eye. There was only one guy there that seemed like he was in a good mood, he was passing out little samples of their frozen custard. Wish I had gotten his name, but Bruxie needs to hire 10 more of him.笑
Mind blowing thin crispy slightly sweet & chewy waffles with savory and sweet fillings of choice! I've had Bruxie's in Orange County bookmarked for ages but never knew a location opened up right next to Shake Shack in Vegas! I tried the Original with fried chicken, chile honey, and cole slaw. One bite of that crispy waffle and I was hooked. Made to order fried chicken with the right amount of delicate crunch. I normally don't like sweet mixed with savory but the light smattering of chile honey distracted me from any excess sweetness. I love cole slaw on sandwiches! 

The sausage & egg waffle sandwich looks underwhelming compared to the Original, but the combo is a breakfast staple.

Nutella & bananas! Sweet cream and sprinkles of powdered sugar

We ordered thinly sliced pastrami & Swiss, waffle on the side to take home. I popped the waffle in the oven, along with the pastrami topped with cheese a few hours later-- soo good! 

Separated the lemon cream & raspberries so the waffle wouldn't get soggy. Dip waffle pieces into the tart lemon cream and add a berry-- refreshing and the berries aren't sour! 

Order at the counter, receive a pager, and choose a table. Staff will bring your order out. Water, utensils, maple syrup and condiments are available at the counter next to the registers. 

Can't wait to visit again!笑
This would have been a 5 star review if the AC worked inside the restaurant!  It was incredibly warm, but the food was delightful!  Tried the original (without slaw) and the tenders and fries and they were great.  Would definitely go back!.笑
Bruxie has some seriously delicious chicken! The waffles are pretty good too.

We stopped in at probably the worst time, shortly after the naming ceremony for the new hockey team. Holy cow, they had obviously been hit hard by the crowds and the restaurant looked like it! Totally understandable for the amount of people that were drawn in by the special event. It was obvious that the staff was trying to play catch up with busing tables and getting orders out to everyone. Since it was a special circumstance I can't really speak to what the normal cleanliness would be in the restaurant or how long it would normally take to receive an order.

I ordered the Nashville-Style Hot Chicken that is served with a Cheddar Bacon Waffle Biscuit topped with Maple Butter. Wow, so much flavor in this dish. The Nashville-Style Hot Chicken was hot as promised and will satisfy a craving for spicy food for sure. The waffle helped balance out the heat. I loved the flavor of the cheddar bacon waffle with the maple butter on top. So yummy. The only part I didn't love was the crunchy sugar crystal pieces that were fine at first, but started to overwhelm the flavor towards the end. 

My husband ordered an Original Chicken & Waffle Sandwich. This was also very tasty. The sandwiches are larger than the dish I ordered so I'd suggest this for larger appetites. 

For dessert we shared a Liege Waffle with Caramelized Pearl Sugar. I think next time I would try another dessert option. The waffle was pretty good, but it was not what I expect in flavor and texture from a liege waffle. The pearl sugar crystals were large and the texture became off-putting for me as I ate more of the waffle.

Overall, the chicken is amazing and the waffles are a close second. A delicious meal for sure if you are near the NYNY or Monte Carlo.笑
YUM YUM YUM!! 
So bomb that I'm making this my 100th review. Shock! 

I was surprised on how delicious this place was! I ordered the Original Chicken and Waffle. It was prepared like a waffle taco. Large thin, crispy, yet airy waffle that had a hint of syrup in the taste, a very large, super meaty, not overly battered chicken breast that was seasoned to perfection and had a tad of coleslaw. I got mine with waffle fries too, and that was even fresh. Simple yet satisfying. 

My friend got the Nashville chicken and waffles and he fell in love once he took a bite. His had the right spices to it with super large pickles in his order. I took a bite, of course and it was deflectable! He also ordered the mac and cheese but we weren't too impressed by it. Still ate it all though!! lol. 

At the end, we finished our meals with a Waffle Sundae. The waffle underneath the ice cream wasn't something to be excited about. No taste to it, sadly and it was super thick. I was hoping for some more airy, crispy waffles like what my chicken and waffle came with. That and for some reason I thought of a cinnamon waffle? Was that another option? I don't remember. The ice cream, however, was thick and creamy and you can eat it on its own. Very good!! 


FYI. If you decide to order ice cream, put it on hold so your meal can come out first. The cashier didn't tell us about that so our dessert came out first. Luckily we inhaled our food and still enjoyed the not so melted ice cream we shared. the girl who took the sundae out told us we can do that. She even offered to take it back and give us a new batch, but there was no need. NOTED! 


It did get stupid busy when we were there, but its because its on the strip. There was seats inside and a ton outside. Ordering was also quick and easy as a girl was standing outside giving people menu's. 


ANYWAY, JUST GET HERE AND TRY IT. It's Delicious!笑
The next coolest thing to the newest entertainment attraction are the restaurants that open with the development. Take the Park for example. Inside the month-new Park at NY-NY, there is a hot new restaurant that opened up there called Bruxie. This past Saturday when my brother and I were hanging out in the Park, we decided on dining in Bruxie. My brother who dined in Bruxie once before recommended the chicken tenders. His convincing words to get me into Bruxie were,  "The chicken fingers are better than Raisin Cane's." That was enough convincing. 

    Despite how delicious their chicken fingers are, Bruxie built it's reputation on waffles. The two founders Dean Simon and Kelly Mullarney turned the Belgian waffle into a grand slam ingredient featured in place of bread on sandwiches, as breakfast, and numerous items. When it comes to chicken tenders, the waffle fries are a home run that takes the taste out of the park.

    Bruxie is one of the few restaurants to be located under the Empire State Building. When I stand a few feet from the Strip at the entrance to the Park, I see the NY-NY Empire State Building rising above the storefront. With the Empire State Building as a landmark there is little difficulty finding the first Bruxie outside of California. 

    As soon as I entered the two room eatery, I ordered at the counter. I decided on the chicken fingers with waffle fries, and sugar cane cola. I'd exchange close to $13 with the enthusiastic cashier for a buzzer. I'd wait in the patio room for a few minutes until the buzzer activated. No need to leave a table overlooking the spacious room that reminded me of a park lounge because an employee delivered the food to the table. I did have to inform him that I ordered a sugar cane cola which he soon delivered to the spacious table. This leads to the tip that the staff fills the cup in lieu of a self service beverage fountain. 

    I put Bruxie distant from the price gouging category to the "You get your money worth on the Strip." The four chicken fingers were Big Foot size. These chicken fingers were giant and delicious just like Raisin Cane's. Sharing the tray with chicken fingers and waffle fries were Ranch and Carolina sauces. Missing was my favorite chicken side: cole slaw. The delicious cane sugar based cola complimented the food. 

   In conclusion, I enjoyed Bruxie. As far as comparing it to Raisin Cane's Chicken fingers they are tied. Bruxie left me with the lasting impression that they served me a tasty meal at an acceptable price for the Las Vegas Strip in the newest Las Vegas Strip attraction: The Park.笑
If you want a good bang for your buck, this is the place to come!

Went here with a group of friends and we all loved what we got.

- Chicken tenders
- Fried pickles
- Sausage, egg, and cheese
- Chicken and waffle sandwich
- Nutella banana waffle

Everything was cooked perfectly. The waitress running the food out was so kind. Just be cautious of when you eat here. The line can get extremely long, so allow plenty of time if you are going at peak hours.笑
Holy waffle... this with a side of eggs and they had to role me out of this place... best waffle place I've been to so far!!!笑
Food was NOT as good as the pics look. I had the Nashville Hot waffle sandwich. I was not impressed at all ! The waffle sandwich scratched the roof of mouth, so after that I was just basically eating the chicken plain .笑
This place was awesome, one of the first food places I visited on my trip to Vegas! Waffles, fried chicken, and their waffle fries were all fantastic. I definitely want to come back. 

I got some variant of the spicy fried chicken and I definitely left satisfied.笑
Nice place to chill and get your second wind while out and about on the Las Vegas Strip. It's the perfect little snack shop tucked away in The Park, right next to the Shake Shack. I ordered the Nashville Hot Chicken 'n Waffle and it was truly a welcome and flavorful nosh after a long day taking in The Strip. Just the right amount of heat, perfectly crispy chicken in-between a light and airy waffle. So good! I also enjoyed a side of waffle fries.笑
Stopped in for lunch. We ordered the fried chicken salad- kind of a chopped salad with a breaded chicken tender cut into pieces across the top and the Holy Chicken sandwich: A large waffle folded in half as the "bread" and filled with a spicy breaded chicken breast, egg over hard (you can order it any way you'd like), and bacon. My husband said there was a slight hint of syrup but wasn't sure if was baked into the waffle or added as a drizzle. It came with waffle cut fries. 

Both items were very large servings with fresh ingredients. The chicken was crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside, and the fries were crispy and hot. 

Very enjoyable. Would like to try more items on their menu.笑
Although their vegetarian menu is limited, their one dish is amazing!  Granted I was really hungry, but it was great.

I got the basil/goatcheese/tomato waffle sandwich, and it was great.  The waffle fries are also delicious.  Warning, it is super messy to eat, but 100% worth being a hot mess in Vegas.  

There's plenty of seating and the service was decent, but quite slow for the dinner rush. There was only one person working the register, with a line out the door.  Finally they brought someone else in and the line was much smoother from then.

There wasn't wifi, and we walked here so I dont know what the parking situation is, but the food was delicious.  When I found out there were more locations in LA, I was super excited.  Cannot wait for my next Bruxie's dine-out.笑
First off I want to thank the guy who was running around doing pretty much everything from clearing tables,  bussing tables, and bringing water,  napkins,  utensils and/or food. Awesome dude give the man a raise. 

I ordered the Nashville Smokey and Spicy Chicken Waffle sandwich was ginormous and delicious.  Had enough kick paired with the slaw, dill pickles, and sweetness of the waffle and syrup was perfection made my taste buds dance. 

I also ordered the Buffalo Style Waffle fries which were yum but they do get a bit soggy quick because of all the cheeses and sauces. We're tasty as well might be a bit heavy to eat all of this again at one time best to share the fries. 

I have been to the many other Bruxies and once again they did not disappoint.  I am a fan and give the Bruxie in Vegas a repeat offender score.  Yummy in my tummy all day every day!笑
This was my first time trying Bruxië (is that the correct spelling?) Waffle sandwiches with savory fillings aren't as appealing when you can eat a fresh Liège waffle covered in frozen custard, whipped cream, fudge, caramel, and whole roasted peanuts, so I ordered the sundae! It's a good size for sharing and at $6.95, you're unlikely to find a more satisfying dessert in The Park. This is the perfect sweet stop after watching a concert at T-Mobile arena.

There are a few similar waffle sandwich concepts already in Las Vegas, but Bruxie serves it up at a comparable price point with higher quality ingredients. I didn't feel like I was being overcharged to compensate for the Strip location. Service was engaged and excellent, starting with a young man in front of the restaurant who ran to get me a sample cup of their creamy frozen custard when I asked about the product. I also ordered a side of cheesy waffle fries and I'll stick with the specialty waffles in the future. The fries were standard but over salted. Rumors point to a secret menu and I think I'll be back for the Fluffernutter waffle!笑
I liked this place. I got wrong one which I was thinking about, and I was like wow many chickens.
But I enjoyed the food a lot. Very tasty crunchy chicken. I want to try another one soon!笑
This is my first time having Chicken and Waffles. What a treat! The place was clean and well ran. Service was great. There's a service person there by the name Andre. He made me and others feel welcomed. Keep this person here, it would serve this company well. Everything was good!笑
service--very friendly and helpful.  order taker was nice and cared about me being happy. and there was a nice young man who went around asking if i wanted another cup of water--good kudos to that african american young man who was working hard on 12/19 at 1130 am.

quick tips:  maybe just get the basic waffles and basic fried chicken.

why?  the beauty of chicken and waffles is the yin/yang balance of sweet/yeasty with savory/meaty.  the hot sauces--and the buffalo sauce are true to form in their spicy/salty notes--but it's jhust too overwhelming.  in addition, the buffalo chicken version has a generous sprinkling of blue cheese.  while i appreciate the healthily big piece of chicken, it's just out of balance. there's just way too much salt in the sauce and too much cheese/hot sauce overwhelming the balance. the waffle is lost--it's just basically an overshadowed flimsy carb, instead of a delightful, equal partner.

i won't say no to going here--but i'll just stick with the basic fried chicken/waffle combo. i'm surprised that this place has such high reviews. i'd chalk this up to mostly novelty. 

also, last small note--i've read from others that the waffle fries are a big soggy. mine were acceptably not soggy.  it was interesting that my container of waffle fries was filled with tiny remnants--not a bad outcome as by volume, i had a lot more potato than if it had only been filled with full size pieces.

as usual--i felt a bit pressured to finish well within an hour to avoid paying parking fees at the NY NY garage. so i'm sorry--but minus half a star for making me worry about paying for parking in las vegas.笑
This place was completely dead on a Saturday afternoon which was scary but we took a chance on the concept anyways.

The best food that I've found in Vegas that is not in Dallas, tx. This was absolutely amazing! Great concept!笑
Today I tried Bruxie located on the strip, based in some help reviews I read. I must say, I was not disappointed. I had the Holy Chicken, which was delicious. My only recommendation is that they consider a sweet alternative waffle. I would have enjoyed that sweet and spicy combo more. My son had the Nashville Hot, which he enjoyed as well. I would come again.笑
Great sandwiches. Tried the original and Nashville.  Definitely worth going if you are in the area looking for a filling and unique sandwich.笑
The chicken and waffle heaven!  This place serves up damn good both!  After a great concert these sweet salty and a little spicy concoctions really hit the spot.  This is a place I wish had more than this location as venturing here on a regular basis isn't gonna happen.  All that aside one of the best chicken sandwiches I've ever had!笑
Oh my god waffles. Waffle this, waffle that, fried chicken in the best of ways.
Their fried chicken and waffle is the best I've ever had. I just can't speak well enough about this place. I came with my girlfriend and we both ordered two entrees because we were so excited and they were so affordable. So good.笑
Great fried chicken sandwiches but little greasy. I had the Nashville fried chicken which was spicy but balanced with the slaw. Def come here for a great and affordable breakfast in Vegas.笑
Bruxie - gourmet waffles and more...The first time ever stepping in to a Bruxie was in Vegas! The line was out the door, but it moved quickly and the variety of music playing, made the time pass pleasurable. I was with a group of 5. We ordered: 2 chicken tenders with fries, chicken cobb salad, chicken ceasar salad, bacon and egg waffle, and lemon and berries sweet waffle. I enjoyed the chicken tenders and waffle cut fries. But the lemon and berries sweet waffle took the cake for me! It was amazing! Highly recommend! The service was also above else! Thank you Bruxie!笑
My husband and I orders the original skillet the chicken was fine the waffle was awful the waffle fries were cold the service slow will not be back..1st bad meal we've had on this visit.笑
Came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. 

Ambiance: Nothing special. It can get loud and super crowded with people waiting for tables. The place isn't large so big parties will have trouble finding seats. The tables, chairs, and stools are pretty typical for a semi fast food chain. I say semi because its not really fast food but kinda is at the same time. 

Service: You go up to order and they bring the food to you. After you are done, you have to throw away your trash. So its not too much of a sit down and dine kind of service. Overall the servers are nice and polite. 

Food: Honestly, I think I was really hyped but I just thought it was okay. We ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and 3 pieces of fried chicken (2 original/1 Nashville) that comes with a waffle. It was good but it wasn't the yummy dance good. I was ready to have the biggest foodgasm when I got my food but I think my mental desires/expections for the food really override what was actually getting ingested. Therefore I think it was okay. Don't get me wrong it is still delicious but I don't think I would crave for it or go out of my way to get it.

I thought it was just okay and since I would probably not go back I give it 3 stars.笑
Great after drinking late night food... there was 6 of us and we all enjoyed our food chicken and waffles . Great flavor clean place.
It's not a fancy date night place..笑
I've been to nearly all the locations in SoCal so this wasn't a new experience.. But we
found that this location is new! 

The staff was patient with the people in front of us, which was nice. For being new, they were extremely knowledgable and kind. After ordering, the tables were self seating, but staff members would walk around and ask if everything was alright or if we needed anything. Which was great. I got the Irish nachos (super amazing) and the classic chicken and waffles (even more amazing). The chicken was good, I just wish they added more coleslaw because I barely had any in my waffle sandwich. Other than that, yum.笑
The Chicken and Waffles caught my eye.... I ordered the Nashville Hot and it was very good but I think it's just a little too pricey for what you get. Staff are awesome and the establishment was very clean. Not sure if I would come back, maybe if I hit a jackpot!笑
I lurv waffles, but never got the entire chicken and waffle thing.  Are we going for a sweet/salty combo...or are we doing the crunchy...um, not crunchy thing?  What exactly is it that Chicken brings to the table here?  I just can't figure it out...

Well, Bruxie came in to answer my query.  The menu offered many good options:  waffle/chicken sandies (thin, airy waffles), waffle/chicken skillet (which appear to be different thicker, possibly chewier waffles), and salads (the "why bother" option).  We opted to share the seasonal crispy chicken (How this was different from the regular?  Um, I'm unsure.  There didn't appear to be any pumpkin spice).  Anyways, it was good.  The chicken was indeed very crispy and moist in the center.  At the condiment area, you could add mustard, sriracha, etc.  I liked the sriracha the most.  I think it was b/c with the sandwich, you already had something deep fried and plopped with an abundant amount of mayo.  So the vinegary chili kind of cut the richness.  And maybe if the waffle was thicker...like the waffles they let you make at hotels...that would be stellar!  

So I still don't think I need chicken with my waffles, but I'm certainly not against Bruxie's version.笑
I was told this spot was bomb. I agree it was bomb af. Chicken and waffle and an egg = happiness. Waffles were crispy and thin enough to not hate it. Dip that in some syrup and poor more over the entire sandwich, you got a a 5 star review. Ordering was pretty easy, walk up then look up at the menu. Too bad it's on the strip, a far drive from where I live. Skip the cola, wasn't worth it to be honest. 

It's worth it!!! I'm coming back soon.笑
Omg I have never had better waffle ever....got there first thing in morning and very fast yet made to order. Beautiful area and fun if you have kids too.笑
Came here with my fiance this morning for breakfast and we were pleasantly surprised. My fiance ordered the original seasoned chicken with bacon waffle. The chicken was so tender, boneless and had a wonderful peppery taste. I got the nutella banana dessert waffle which had a light crispy texture and sweet creme and of course nutella and sliced banana. I have to say I much prefer french toast and crepes to waffles but this waffle was to die for! After trying a piece of the original seasoned chicken though, I can't tell which one I prefer as both were excellent in such different ways. Truly a fusion of sweet and savoury at this establishment.笑
Omg! Their chicken & waffle sandwich is bomb! Do not split! Get your own! Fresh! Delicious! Kinda cafeteria style. Order at register, grab a table & they deliver to you. Relaxed, quiet atmosphere. Love it!笑
This place was decently priced and waffles were good. I'm a huge waffle person, but I was not blown away by the actual flavor of the waffle itself. They get one star because there was a hair on my daughter's waffle. Bottom line is, the management did not apologize and said it was part of the waffle mix.笑
This was my Vegas revelation: Bruxie's waffle sandwiches! I did not expect to like it when I first walked in - I am more of a savory and salty kind of person, rather than being inclined to sweet stuff. And naturally, waffles were sweet in my mind. Until Bruxie's! 

The waffle was puffy and crunchy in just the right amount. Paired with a Nashville Crispy Chicken and waffle shaped (real) potato fries, the waffle suddenly became a savory food. One I went back to, not just once but twice in the next two days. What was a potentially disastrous experiment for me, became an amazing experience!

I even tried the sugary waffle. Mouth-watering. You need to try both types - sweet and savory - when going there. Oh, and going with the combo is for sure the best choice! 

Don't miss it out when in Vegas! The Park is a must-see on The Strip, and Bruxie's is just there in-between New York - New York and Monte Carlo. Just stop and have a seat inside or outside and enjoy the view and more than anything the food. It's like nothing you've tasted before.笑
Omgosh first time here and definitely won't be my last!This place is beyond delicious and mouth watering!We tried so many different things in our group and everything was 5 stars. I'm so glad they have this restaurant in California where I live!This is the first and only location in Las Vegas at the moment!笑
The original seasoned chicken and waffle is awesome. Wifey got the breakfast waffle sandwich which was delightful as well. A must try笑
Came here for lunch for the first time and it wasn't bad! A bit hyped up and slow service but the food was decent. I ended up getting the Nashville Hot while my boyfriend got the Barbecue Bleu and a side of fries! 

Not a fan of the waffle texture - seems a bit undercooked and flimsy. The fries didn't come out hot so wasn't impressed. However, the meat was soft and the perfect crunch on the outside.  Drizzle some syrup on top and it's yummy!笑
We stumbled upon this place as we were exploring the strip. Located next to the "Park," this place definitely had a presentable and inviting atmosphere. Apparently, it was a new hype that we never heard about until we got there. 

We ordered the The Original Fried Chicken & Waffle, Chicken Tenders with Fries and two shakes.

First of all, I'd like to give the disclaimer that the chicken comes out boiling hot -- which, in my opinion, is a plus! If you burn yourself, well, then it's your fault for not being adult enough, haha. I wasn't really feeling the breading too much, which is why I'm knocking off half a star. It was lightly seasoned and was a bit thin for my liking. The meat though was white and delicious. 

The waffle was delicious and was a perfect combination for the chicken; however, the waffle broke as soon as my boyfriend picked it up. He had to use a fork and knife to eat it afterwards. As for the waffle fries ... well, let's say I was very disappointed. They tasted super chewy and like rubber. I love criss-cut fries too, but these were a total let down. 

I also thought the ranch was a little watered down, which didn't go too well when dipping our crunch chicken tenders. 

Overall, this place is OK if you're looking for a quick bite. They have a cool tabling technology where you just place your beeper on your table and the staff will know where your table is. We spent about $30+ for two people.笑
Don't EVER pass by this place and not eat!!!  I HATED chicken and waffles then I got the Holy Chicken.  Then I got it 3 more mornings!  Yes - 5 days in Vegas - 4 mornings of Chicken and Waffles. This place does magic with their food.  Well I did only eat the Holy Chicken plate so that is all I can speak towards but it is heaven on a plate. A Devine mixture of flavors prepared perfectly. Don't miss out!笑
It's an amazing foods. I have been eating to have it for a long time. Good chicken waffles. Sweet and there is no line for night time...dont come in the lunch time if you can handle the long line.笑
Delicious!!! The buffalo fried chicken was perfect. The pastrami sandwich was so flavorful. The flavor of the waffle was light & yummy. The place was clean, the workers we're friendly. Definitely going back! Hoping they open one off the strip for locals to get to easier (:笑
Bruxie had my vote when I noticed the creme brûlée waffle! Sooo good! 

The staff was super friendly笑
The best chicken and waffles!!!! I'm from LA and have had Roscoes...this is so much better. And the buffalo chicken tenders are amazing as well!! 
Also try the strawberry lemonade...it's phenomenal笑
Ever heard of the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon? It's where you hear about something for the first time or notice something you hadn't before and suddenly you hear and see that thing EVERYWHERE. In the case of Bruxie, it's not just in your head. Bruxies are popping up everywhere and for a good reason. The chicken and waffles here are simple, cheap and tasty. 
Park at New York New York (on a night without an event at the T Mobile Arena so you can get free parking!) Walk toward the strip. Pass CPK, pass Beerhaus (I know, it's tempting to stop there). Stand in line. Order your food (I suggest the Original). Sit down. Wait for food. Consume everything. Order more to go while eating. 
The Original: Fried chicken on a waffle (Only 250 kcal?!) Nothing fancy, nothing worth taking a picture of... But it's good. The waffle isn't sweet, just think of it as an alternative to bread. The maple syrup is on the self serve counter for you to drown your meal, if that's your thing. For me, the sandwich is a little bland without syrup. 
California Pesto Chicken: Very light, very simple. I would order it again. 
The Lemon Cream and Berries: The lemon custard was a little too overpowering for me and it made the waffles taste too bland in comparison. Save the dessert for someplace else. 
The sodas are made from cane surgar, no caffeine (except from the cola) and are worth ordering. They also serve alcohol if that's what you're looking for! 
Sit outside and enjoy the weather (before it gets too hot!) The street performers outside are all paid by The Park- you won't find "Mickey" and "Dora" here ;)笑
I returned for a repeat and was pleased. I also decided to add a fruit cup as a side.

Original Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Waffle
Strawberry Lemonade笑
Cured my bach party hangover w ease. Super affordable and it has perfect people watching stools. It was clean with really helpful staff. Yummy. Just peep the photos and try it!笑
Waffles!!! I believe I finally like eating waffles. This place and location makes it an ideal place to grab a tasty meal. Didn't know why I haven't try this place else where until recently. I'll definitely try other Bruxie locations from now onwards.笑
I had the original chicken and waffle sandwich. DELICIOUS! The chicken is seasoned perfectly. Fluffy and tasty waffle. Thought I wouldn't like the cabbage that comes on the waffle sandwich. Turns out the cabbage adds a nice crunch and is not over powering. Clean restaurant. Good service. So worth it!笑
This was my first time to Bruxie, when I first saw the waffle sandwiches, I immediately knew I HAD to try it. 

I went with my family for brunch around 10 am on a Wednesday. There was a decent amount of people at the restaurant. The service was also very nice, the lady taking our order was extremely kind.

I got the Original Chicken Waffle Sandwich, which was $11.95 and my brother got the Holy Chicken! Waffle Sandwich, which was also $11.95. I wanted something to satisfy my sweet tooth, so I got the Nutella and Banana Waffle, $5.95. Also we got a side of Coleslaw for $2.95.

I first have to say, this place has the BEST waffle I've ever had in my life. I personally love crispy waffles than soft and cakey ones. Bruxie serves just the PERFECT waffle. It's crisp and not so thick, it perfectly companies the fried chicken. The Original Chicken Waffle Sandwich tasted AMAZING, the price was also very reasonable for the portions and quality of the food. The Coleslaw was the best I've ever had too. Now the dessert waffle, Nutella and Banana Waffle was just lovely. It tasted like HEAVEN. Everything harmonized together and in my opinion, the waffle went with the sweet better than the savory.

Overall incredible place, would definitely come again to try the other amazing menus.笑
Fried chicken and waffles are what comfort food is all about. The chicken was crispy and crunchy and the waffle was soft but firm enough that it did not fall apart. The syrup had great flavor. One of the best sandwiches I have had.

The mac and cheese was great. It had a bit of tang which was enjoyable. The thick pieces of bacon were a nice touch.

You order at the counter and they bring the food to you when it is ready. For Vegas, this is a cheap meal and a great value笑
Dishes tried:
- 2 Piece fried chicken Nashville Hot style
- Lemon and berry cream waffle
- Frozen Custard

This is not my first experience at Bruxie as I've dined at their various locations in SoCal. 

Instead of ordering a waffle sandwich this time I changed it up and ordered their fried chicken with waffles. The chicken came out piping hot glistening with the Nashville Hot sauce. The batter was perfectly crisp and the sauce had a pretty good kick. Close to bordering too hot for someone that doesn't like too spicy. 

The waffle was burned as you can see in my photos. I chalked it up to the bacon and sugar that was in the batter. But I think it was way overdone and looked burned. Not sure how they could have plated this and brought it out. The waffle was also sweet with pockets of sugar, designed I believe to cut the spicy chicken. 

The Savior was the lemon and berry cream waffle. The cream was tart with a nice hint of lemon to offset the crispy and not burned waffle. The raspberries were a perfect compliment to top it all off. 

The custard was more icy than what I remember at the other Bruxie locations. I didn't get the rich and creamy taste that I remembered from my other times. 

Skip the fried chicken and stick to the waffle sandwiches. I noticed that everyone else's waffles were perfectly cooked except mine.笑
2.11.17: Say what??? I had an upset stomach, didn't really eat all day and of course we just had to try this place. Why not? I wasn't sure if I should eat it but then what the hey? I only live once, my stomach will survive I think...

Odd hour already after dinner time so there were hardly anyone there. So lucky us we got to take our time to decide what we wanted although the menu wasn't huge or anything but as a newbie we were enticed to get everything or want everything. The food coming from the side looks so good. So the concept is you order at the cashier and they bring the food to you. 

Tried the following

Nashville Style Hot Chicken & Waffle Sandwich: This was the hubbies favorite because of spice. I liked it too.

Original Fried Chicken & Waffle Sandwich: It was good, just original. I really like the extra flavors instead, but dang they cooked the chicken just right.

For both the Chicken was nice and crispy and tender at the same time. The Waffles were not what I expect it to be. I thought it was going to be like Roscoe's but it's not. These are different. Bread-like but crispy and thin. It taste light and not to carby. 

It was the perfect bites I have had in awhile. Not oily at all. How do they do it? Perfect just perfect. 

I want to come back and try the breakfast sandwiches and the desserts one day. Will need to come back and see if it's consistent to give it a 5 stars. YUMMY!笑
Food was great, got the original and crispy chicken. However, prices don't match the menu; could've increased prices by roughly 2 dollars. The two sandwiches cost us 25 total. The sandwiches have changed since the first time I came here. They don't do the traditional waffle fold anymore. Instead, they just give you two large waffles with the chicken inside. Kind of miss the old one笑
Chicken is on point, now if we could only get hot waffles and warm syrup, we'd be 5 star!笑
Amazing, amazing place! The Nashville chicken and waffle in a cute skillet was heaven! It came with a perfect, not too salty pickle too. The service is incredible as well! Very kind, attentive staff. Also, they play a lot of Cure, which is awesome.笑
Great chicken and waffle place.   I ordered the Nashville hot tenders but I did need to add more spice to it.   My wife ordered the original which was fantastic.  Plus the shakes are tasty.  I liked vanilla over strawberry.  Plus free refills on strawberry lemonade.笑
Was in Vegas a couple weeks ago for my birthday and we tried this GEM of a place as our last meal before we headed to the airport! Everything was so good! Young lady at the counter was very helpful and pointed us in the right direction. Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich was excellent. Even managed to fit in an order of Mac N' Cheese. Everything from start to finish was excellent. Will be back on my next visit! Open a location in Austin!笑
The Park itself outside T-Mobile arena has this "legit city" feel to it. I almost forgot what city I was when I was walking down the park. It's tucked in away from the Blvd, there's lots of greenery and the architecture of the arena and the nearby structures was gorgeous.

I was late to the Chicken and Waffles party. I never had them much before. I opted for that Nashville Hot chicken waffle sandwich. I was sold on the heat of it plus a tangy sauce with pickles seemed to make a more complete sandwich than their original Chicken Waffle Sandwich (which seems to only include slaw). 

The waffle held up pretty well for the chicken sandwich. It was only near the end where the tangy sauce and the chicken proved too much for the waffle. Waffle could have been cooked a little more to prevent sogginess. The tangy sauce was fantastic touch to the heat of the chicken. Chicken was juicy and rich. The waffle sandwich runs you about $12 by itself but I was very pleased with the sandwich, plus it's still cheaper than getting a good beer in T-Mobile arena. I did eat some chicken tenders from my buddy, that was a little more of a miss. The breading fell off the tender too easily, although the chicken itself was still juicy and delicious.

It was a great pre-wrasslin food. Definitely worth a shot for that delicious delicious chicken and waffles sandwich.笑
Loved this place!! We were early for a concert right across at the Park Theater so we decided to stop by there. 

Great food selection & prices were so reasonable. We got the Chicken strips which came with ranch & BBQ sauce, Nutella & banana waffle, lemon raspberry waffle & fried pickles. Everything was absolutely yummy!! Especially the Nutella banana.. 

We will come back for sure. Maybe tomorrow lol笑
The best breakfast you could ask for in Las Vegas!!! I had the country sausage egg with avocado waffle and hubby had prosciutto and arugula waffle, wrapping it up with lemon berry sweet waffle! breakfast heaven coupled with fantastic weather! will come back and bring our friends!!!笑
What a treat I stumbled upon as I was walking toward the t-Mobile arena, between the New York New York & Monte Carlo casino I found this comfort food gem.
Chicken sandwiches with a waffle replacing bread.

I got the Nashville sandwich, and the bacon Mac & cheese. The sandwich was fantastic, the Mac was ok. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm coming back here for sure.笑
We were staying in the Las Vegas strip for 8 days and stumbled across this amazing find, it was so good that we ate lunch here twice while in town. The specialty here is chicken and waffles sandwiches. The waffles they use are nice and thin and crispy, and the chicken is fried to perfection. We split the crispy chicken sandwich is battered and fried twice. It's moist with a perfectly fried outside with a little hint of heat. We also got fries and a drink with our sandwich. All the soda is made in house with real sugar and it's absolutely delicious. We also split a side of bacon Mac and cheese which was deliciously cheesy. For dessert we shared a Nutella and banana dessert waffle which was a perfect sweet treat and dusted with powdered sugar. The staff here is also super friendly and helpful. You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you table and will check on you. If you are on the strip and wish to have chicken and waffles you must check this place out. If you're not into chicken and waffles they have other sandwiches served on waffles like a turkey club or even just chicken tenders. This place opens at 9am and serve till midnight or later.笑
Only had the naked waffle $5.95.  I had the cinnamon  sugar on top which made it light and sweet.   They have some nice beers on tap $8.00 but I needed coffee.笑
Fantastic idea! Sandwiches made out of waffles, it's like a portable brunch on the go. Very fitting for the new generation of smart phones and lighting fast Internet needs. I call them the Veruca salts, "I want it now daddy". 

Went for the Berries and Creme with the waffle cut cheese fries. Both were excellent! The portion of the cheese fries were a little small for the price but we're tasty. 

Process of ordering at the counter receive a pager and they will bring you the food when ready.  When busy I am sure you might have to go and pick up your order hence the pager. 

Great beers on tap! I cannot wait to make a return visit and explore the menu more.笑
It was a hangover Tuesday for us and we were ready for some brunch. A quick search resulted in Bruxie which offered chicken & waffles which got us instantly excited. Now, I know that chicken and waffles isn't a new concept anymore. It got really big about 5 years ago and now almost every other restaurant offers this option. However, if done right, a meal of chicken & waffles can hit the ball out of the park when it comes to recovering from a very late night in Vegas. 

Here are my ratings based on different criteria:

Quality of food: Really good. We split an order of the original Chicken & Waffles, a side of waffle fries, and a strawberry lemonade. The original comes with Seasoned Breast, Chili Honey, all topped with Cider Slaw. The waffles are thin but go really well with the thick pieces of juicy crispy chicken breast. The syrup on the waffles was done just right and wasn't overly sweet. The waffle fries were very crispy. I recommend getting a side of the Bruxie sauce and dipping your waffle fries in them. The strawberry lemonade was on the tart side which I did not like.

Decor: Bright and Trendy! They have huge LED TVs with menus on them. The thing that I liked about the TVs was that the menu stayed on constantly instead of changing screens while you're trying to read the menu...don't you just hate that?!? One thing that I wish they had was a story on how Bruxie got started.

Cleanliness: No complaints. The tables, floor, and bathrooms were clean.

Service: Both the cashier and the person that brought us food to our table did it with a smile. However, they really blew it when it comes to forgetting part of our order. We had ordered a side of waffle fries and after the server acknowledged that she forgot them, it took her a solid 10 minutes to bring us just the fries. She kept bringing and filling other people's orders but I had to walk over and remind her again about the fries.

Speed of food preparation: Fast...except when it comes to bringing something they forgot. Like I said above, they need to figure out how to be fast on bringing something they missed in the original order.

Price: Expensive. We paid $12 for just one order of Waffle & Fries which seemed a little steep. A side of fries was $4. The quality is pretty good but the price can be a little bit lower.

I recommend Bruxie for some really tasty Chicken & Waffles.笑
So this was the first time my girlfriend and I have ever eaten at this place, and I have to say it was decent. The prices were okay, keeping in mind that this is food being served on the strip. The customer service was very good given the fact that their drinks are refillable only if a worker gets it for you, which We never had to ask a worker once because they were attentive enough to always ask us for a refill before our drinks were empty. The one thing that everyone needs to do when coming to this place is get some of the free syrup that they offer , which is next to the ketchup, and eat that with their waffles. The syrup was definitely one of the bigger reasons we liked the place. One big down side was the fact that our French fries were pretty cold. They weren't stale, but they did feel like they were waiting to be served for awhile. Overall however the place was very unique and a great place to eat at The Park.笑
This place serves up some tasty, quality products while keeping fresh clean look and speedy service.

I went for a waffle chicken sandwich ( which is what they are known for); since I love barbecue sauce I chose the barbecue chicken sandwich that came with slaw and crispy onions. While all the ingredients were nice and tasty: chicken perfectly cooked, onion rings a very nice touch and great waffle that was perfectly crisp, the barbecue sauce was no good. It tasted like a slightly bitter tomato sauce with nothing else to it; I was highly disappointed and immediately regretted not getting one of the original chicken sandwiches (which was recommended Yelp). It tainted the taste of everything and I feel like this place deserves a five for taste, but I cannot give it that because of the barbecue sauce.
I also ordered a side of their waffle fries which were good, I wish I would have ordered them loaded I am sure they would have been fantastic!
The business had a simple yet appealing and clean set up. The whole place was very clean,  stocked with outlets for you to charge your phone and the sauce station was nice as well. The service was friendly and surprisingly fast.

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone; please don't make the same mistake I did and stay away from the barbecue sauce, so you can truly taste the quality of their food.笑
One of the downsides of putting off writing a review for an awesome place is that when you are prompted to write said review, you are filled with a deep longing for the delicious waffle sandwiches that are offered by the restaurant. Bruxie was an awesome find. The waffle was light but crisp, and the chicken was tasty. I sure hope it sticks around on The Strip so I can visit again to get my waffle fix!笑
Wow. The infusion of savory and sweet is perfect. We had an original chicken skillet and a Nashville skillet. It was perfect. The chicken itself was juicy and flavorful. 

Then the waffle biscuit?! Oh man. I don't even have the vocabulary to describe it. It had bacon, onions and chives (as far as I could tell) in the batter and just a light splash of syrup on the outside. Yum. 

The staff was super friendly and helpful. An awesome spot for breakfast and I'm guessing we'll be there again before our stay is over. 

The coffee is mediocre but I didn't even care once the food came out. Win.笑
Bruxie is the best place to eat in and dine. Mercedes did fabulous job to serve us when its busy she had gpod customer service. I will encourage everyone who come to Las Vegas to go and check it out.
-thanks
Tony笑
I'm visiting Vegas this weekend and like any good type A personality I like to plan my trip to a 'T.' This means I do my due diligence when it comes to where I'm going to eat, and I do a lot of menu reading and review scouting. Bruxie had some pretty solid reviews so it was on the agenda for yesterday (Saturday). Nice crowd, no wait for a table, really clean and open restaurant. I ordered the Holy Chicken. Waffle with cheddar, fried chicken, bacon, and over easy egg. I told them to hold the Sriracha. They also gave a generous pour of a thin maple syrup over the whole thing. Best ever. I loved the thin crispy waffle; it was just enough so as not to overpower everything else that was going on with the meal. The chicken itself was cooked and seasoned PERFECTLY. Waffle fries were nice and fresh, and the strawberry lemonade Palmer was very refreshing. 10/10 will always visit this place when I'm in Vegas.笑
Delicious, Inventive, Gobble-icious.....did I mention absolutely delicious? I first went to Bruxie's in Huntington Beach, CA and became totally addicted!!! The place is fun and friendly, two musts for an enjoyable experience, and I just looooove waffles, so of course Bruxie's is my go-to waffle joint.
 My fave picks are the Bacon, Egg and Cheddar and the Lemon Cream with Berries... I have been known to go totally bonkers and have BOTH on the same visit (and then not eat for the next 48 hours)!!
 Of course the Fried Chicken Waffle is a classic, and equally scrumptious, and so are the other waffle sandwiches, but I always seem to order the Bacon or the Lemon waffle and they are always, always the BEST part of my day. Waffles and cappuccino and a cold lemonade 
 The B.E.C has crispy, smoked bacon, a just-right runny egg, and the right amount of melted cheese to combine with the waffle in every bite and make you want to keep eating all day long.....
 On the other hand, the silky slightly tart lemon creme with berries is a dance party in your mouth, hitting all the right notes and putting a Chesire-cat-like smile on your face. Words to the wise: Go to Bruxie's .笑
Food is good but could not wait to get out of this place. The music is obscenely loud.  And what kind of person designs a place to have lighting fixtures dangling right in front of televisions.笑
This place was absolutely delicious! A very clean establishment that specializes in waffle sandwiches. I'm not sure where to begin but let's start with the amazing concept! Of course chicken and waffles is not a new concept but the spin Bruxie puts on its creates a whole different experience. The waffles themselves are crisp and freshly baked. Initially I wasn't sure how I would like it but they were crisp and light not crisp and stiff! It made for a great waffle sandwich. The chicken was delicious and very nicely fried. I got the original chicken and waffle combo and my date got the Nashville Hot chicken combo. The original waffle sandwich comes with a chicken breast dressed with chili honey, slaw and I added pickle. The Nashville comes with a chicken thigh dressed in a tangy sauce and slaw. Both were amazingly good! The combos come with fries which were also good. We spilt an order of fried green pickles, yes our eyes were bigger than our mouths! More than enough food and wasn't able to finish them. The combo is a little pricey but worth every penny for this killer combo and you may even have a little to take home!笑
Amazing, amazing chicken and waffle sandwiches. Came here 2 days in a row. I got the original chicken waffle sandwich both days, while the hubs tried the Holy Chicken one day and the Southern BBQ the next. All were stellar. If you sign up for their mailing list, you get $5 off your first order.笑
I came here a couple of days ago with pure excitement, but left disappointed. 

From the moment I walked in I was kindly greeted by the employees, but they seemed more interested in their conversation talking about the tips they made in the day than in taking my order. Once I ordered and got my hamburger waffle I was disappointed with the fact that the waffle was soggy/tasteless and the fact that I got no bacon after I paid $1.50 for it. The waffle wasn't even cooked all the way and immediately broke down with the first bite I gave it. Waffles aren't supposed to easily break if they are cooked or prepared right.
The only thing I cannot complain about it the delicious meat they put on this meal.

I could say that one day I'll come back and give Bruxie another chance, but I'd be lying.笑
Everything I read was true. This is a great place to eat at a reasonable price. Coffee was strong and smooth. Sandwich was just right. Wish there was there was one located by me.笑
Yum yum yum. Fresh. Juicy. The whole menu is delicious and affordable. Nice seating , open and spacious. Food is made quickly but not too fast. Excellent brunch spot.笑
This place is amazingg!! My group and I found this place while strolling on the strip right after where we had landed in Vegas!

A friend of mine recommended anything with the chicken so I got the buffalo bleu fried chicken on the first day and it was delicious! That first bite totally sold me. The chicken waffle combos are seasoned and tasty! Food arrived quickly as well. The second time I went I got the turkey avocado sandwich and it was simply the tasty and cooked to perfection. 

Some friends of mine tried the dessert waffles and even the poutine. Those also looked both social media worthy and equally delicious! 

Super excited to have found this place after seeing these pictures on social media.  If you LOVE waffles, you will love this place. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!笑
Love how this place is super close to the t mobile arena and the food was delicious. My husband and I came here for lunch one day because our friends kept talking about it and it had great reviews on yelp. 

We parked in the garage near by and walked along the little area of shops, restaurants, and bars. I thought it was cool how clean it was and how it didn't really make me feel like I was in Vegas. 

When we got to the restaurant there was no line so we were able to ask all the questions we wanted to ask. The cashier wasn't rushing us and was very friendly. 

We ended up getting the chicken and waffles, chicken sandwich, and Nutella banana (suggestion of the cashier). Everything was delicious. We both loved how tender and juicy the chicken was and the Nutella didn't disappoint. 

Overall, the service was great and the food was delicious. Will be coming here in the future.笑
Chicken and waffles.. in sandwich form! I love it! It was definitely very filling and greasy. But if you are into thinner waffles with a fat juicy slab of fried chicken in the middle, then you must try Bruxies! Although I wish there was a little more flavor in the waffles.. at least they have a dispenser of syrup and ketchup there for ya.笑
Notes to Self:
Service = consistently excellent
Food = consistently delicious
Ambiance = clean and engaging
Misc = came three times and had fried chicken poutine (shared), creme brûlée with fruit,hot pastrami and swiss, and bacon egg and cheddar. Creme brûlée had a couple of burnt pieces but still good. All others excellent.笑
If you like Chicken n Waffles well this is your joint. They have a spicy and sweet sauce they drizzle on their original recipe that is something I'd take a bath in. The bacon cheddar Waffles will cause religious experiences. It's a limited menu but it is GOOD.  Great quick breakfast or lunch and pretty convenient if you are staying on that end of.the Strip.笑
Chill place to hang out. Can't really speak for the afternoon. Was there for breakfast. The creme brûlée waffle was pretty good.  Use one of our cheat days to come here. Well worth it.笑
Great place to visit in Vegas! Simple, but delicious menu that will have you craving more. Lines may be long, but wait is not bad! Give it a try!笑
I'm a fan of waffles and you should be too!

Back in the day, The Strip lacked a lot of things, specifically good casual eating spots. Slowly, but surely the times are a changin' and Bruxie is the newest of the new when it comes to casual comfort food eating. I came to Bruxie and went hard, I ordered the Nashville Waffle Chicken Sandwich and the Bacon Mac n' Cheese bake. 

The Nashville Waffle Sandwich, which by the way is a Vegas only option, mimics the Buffalo Bleu Sandwich, minus the gross Bleu cheese crumbles. I'm sorry if you like bleu cheese, but it's pretty much the devil in cheese form. The sandwich is a spicy fried chicken breast tossed in Buffalo Sauce, topped with a veggie slaw and two huge pickles on top. The hotness level was perfect, the sour dill mixed with the spice and light sweetness of the waffle really worked. Stoner Food. Level, Expert. 

The Mac N' Cheese, was stellar; crunchy cheese on top with a gooey warm cheese center and big chunks of bacon. My only gripe about this is the portion size, for six dollars I felt like the dish it was served in could have been deeper. I mean this cost about as much as the sandwich itself. 

Bruxie is a fun option while at the Park and just different enough to be worth your ever valuable dollar. The price point is set to Strip Prices, so be ready for sticker shock when you get the total, my meal alone was $25 with tip. Still, I would go back and try another, which my I'm leaving a four-star here. 

Chicken + Waffles + Cheese + Bacon = I die.笑
So glad I finally took the time to check this place out! I personally love chicken and waffles so the thought of a restaurant that combines both into unique sandwiches was a must try for me.

I came here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon and the line was out the door. It definitely gets busy, but the line goes by pretty fast. You start by ordering at the counter and then they deliver your food out to you. 

I ended up over ordering, typical me. I opted for the Nashville hot sandwich along with a chocolate shake and buffalo fries. I honestly loved everything I ordered. The sandwich was delicious, but huge. I ended up only eating half the waffle. The fries was great too! A little spicy, a little tangy and all delicious. Lastly the milkshake, ahhh, to die for. The perfect little dessert drink on top of the chicken and waffle goodness. 

So glad I came here & will definitely be back again soon! Seems like it'd be a great place to check out before or after a concert at the T-Mobile arena.笑
The best waffle I've had, for it to have chrddar and bacon in it,  out was surprisingly sweet, didn't need syrup. The chicken is nicely seasoned as well. The mac and cheese was just average. Highly recommend this place.笑
This is not your typical chicken and waffle restaurant that are now fairly common. It's a utterly modern update on a concept I thought was complete. 
Location: Bruxie is located in the NYNY hotel side of the NYNY, TMOBILE arena, Monte Carlo trifecta. It has indoor modern tech style seating as well as a small outdoor bar type seating area. The outdoor seating  can accommodate up to 10 people with 5 seats on each side with a heating/cooling mechanism above the seating. 
Menu: chicken, chicken, more chicken, and a waffle. You can your chicken however you like, to many options to name. I was with a fairly picky eater who opted to have his sandwich "deconstructed" which allows everything to be presented separately so you can decide what to add or take away. Your items are brought to the table when ready. I had the tenders/fries. The tenders were fried to a crisp perfection as were the waffle fries. They were seasoned enough to be tasteful but not over bearing. They offered plenty of accompaniments to add as well. 
Price: reasonable and fair averaging $9 per item. 
Drinks: the had a selection of beers I wasn't familiar with. I'm not a fan, but for those that are in sure this is exciting. They hand craft all of their sodas. I had the root beer which was absolutely delicious. 
Overview: I'm come back any time. The service was excellent, the location perfect, and the food delicious.笑
New favourite place to eat on the strip hands down no questions. I only wish it was open for more hours! Really affordable as well, surprised it got two dollar signs instead of one.笑
Meal #6 of Vegas 2017 Trip

I kept wanting to call it Brexit. And really I wanted to take a Brexit from Bruxie because the place was super cold. They kept the door propped open during the lunch hour and we all wanted to wear our coats. Plus the music was way too loud.

It didn't improve that much with the food. The husband and I got the classic fried chicken waffle sando. If I was blindfolded I would have just guessed I was eating sauce on crispy bread. Any subtlety of flavor was lost with the sweet chile sauce which overwhelmed everything. I had hoped the slaw could have cut the spicy sweetness (and for the record I can handle spiciness) but there wasn't enough of it. I did request pickles which helped a little.

The waffle fries were good at least.


Our Las Vegas 2017 Trip

5 Stars
Border Grill, Mandalay Bay (brunch)
Grimaldi's, The Palazzo
Bouchon Bakery, The Venetian (snack)
Eggslut, Cosmopolitan (snack)

4 Stars
Payard, Caesars Palace
Border Grill, Caesars Palace
Shake Shack, New York New York

3 Stars 
Tournament of Kings, Excalibur
BRUXIE, NEW YORK NEW YORK
Therapy, Downtown笑
Did someone say chicken and waffles? 

I was walking outside New York New York one night and I passed by this place. I didn't have time to stop there at that moment, but in the back of my mind I thought "I wan't to go there, but if I don't it wouldn't be the end of the world." Let me tell you that if I didn't go there, it would have been the end of the world... Dude! I ate at a lot of places in Vegas, but would you kill me if I said a chicken and waffles restaurant was at the top of my list of places I tried? This place was the s**t!! 

I had the Nashville Style Hot Chicken sandwich and my taste buds literally went flying out of my mouth. The light and crispy waffle paired with the bangin' flavor of the crispy chicken were out of this world. 

"It was that good?" Yes, it was that good. So good that I went a second time and had the Original! 

Since leaving, I've been having dreams about this sandwich... I want to go back so bad, but unfortunately it will have to wait until next time. Vegas... I'll be back... for Bruxie.笑
This place was pretty good. I wasn't blown away but the food and service were good.  I will say they did seem vegetarian friendly allowing subs of bacon for other veggie friendly ingredients.  i ordered chicken tenders and fries and my love ordered a sandwich with fries  The fries weren't that great... and the tenders were good, maybe a little dry leaning.  The pricing here isn't cheap so with their prices I'd expect something a bit better.  My husband ordered a sandwich with fries.  The sandwich was good, again nothing to write home about.  i didn't like that if I wanted a refill of tea, i had to go to the counter and wait.  I'd of preferred to refill myself as the place gets busy.笑
Wanted to stop by the three days we were here, finally did on the last morning. Should have done it first. I would have come back every morning. Great atmosphere but be forewarned if a long line. It takes forever.笑
The chicken is so well done.  It's tender, juicy, and flavorful. It's almost unbelievable how well they do it.  I had the buffalo bleu and my wife had the original. We almost ordered another set because they were that good.  The only thing that kept us from ordering more is our vow to visit as many places as possible to expand our horizons. Love this place.笑
Stopped in for a quick desert.  Got a Liege Waffle with Chocolate (of course).  I've had Liege Waffle's before and this was not my favorite.  Still worth a visit for a quick and easy late night desert.笑
I never understood Chicken and Waffles until I went to Bruxie. I was looking for a "different" breakfast / brunch place and I found it! 

Bruxie is next to New York New York. It's a semi small place, but perfect if you're by yourself or have a few friends. You walk in, order at the counter and find a seat. I'd never been there so I asked the manager what he recommended. I got the basic Chicken and Waffles and wow, it was AMAZING! 

I highly recommend this place if you're not wanting Vegas Breakfast Buffet or something random from the food court!笑
Sandwich with waffle bread?! This is a handheld chicken and waffles delight. I had the buffalo bleu and it was delicious. A gem on the Las Vegas strip.笑
Highly highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone. It's is located right outside of where Shake Shack is and I tried this place out right after eating there and it simply blew me away. 

I didn't try the chicken and waffles which I heard this place is known for but man their dessert waffles are amazing. I tried the Creme Brûlée and it was the best waffle dessert I have ever had. 

Even on a full stomach this place was delicious. Would for sure come back here again without a doubt.

Seating is okay, not a ton but not small.笑
It was good food but over priced for fast food.  We bought orginal fried chicken with the onion and bacon waffle.  The food is unique for fast food but for fries with some cheese and bacon bits to he 8 dollars was a bit much.  It was 10 dollars for the chicken that was not all white meat.  They get a mediocre grade from me.笑
I have to start by saying that Andre made this experience the best we've had in Vegas. His personality truly makes you feel welcome in the establishment.  He was so friendly and very attentive. Thanks Andre!  We showed up early and I'm glad we did since there was already a line, but the wait was not bad at all. The Original Chicken n waffle sandwich was amazing. The waffle is perfectly made and not too thick.  You must try the waffle fries with your meal. They are perfectly crispy.笑
Amazing breakfast! Had the Original and it was very well done - great sauce and perfect non-greasy chicken. Liege waffle was spot on. Very fast and friendly service  combined with very reasonable prices make this place a must-visit.笑
This was a great place! Service was friendly and the food was delicious.. exactly what we needed after a long day of traveling. You can listen to live music while eating your meal. I definitely suggest this place if you're around New York New York or Monte Carlo.笑
Killer chicken and waffles @ 10 bucks each. I would vote best fast lunch off the strip. The batter the waffle all homemade with great flavors for you to discover.笑
I've been to Bruxie in So Cal and was excited to finally get one here.  Stopped in for a bite before a concert at the arena.  They were slammed but kept the line moving.  I ordered the Nashville Style Hot Chicken Sandwich, Lemon Cream & Berries and Strawberry Lemonade.  Food was delicious and good size portions.  I couldn't even finish half and was pretty hungry.  What really put it over the top for me was the customer service.  They were genuinely friendly and nice.  I was asked several times if I wanted a refill on my lemonade, asked how my food was, they took my food and tray for me when I was done, even after I insisted I would do it myself and it was all done in a friendly sincere way.  That kind of service is rare for me for quick service/casual places in Vegas and what gives them 5 stars instead of 4 from me.笑
It takes FOREVER for your food to be served, After you receive your food you will know that you have been RIPPED OFF, The Waffle is a salty,  dried out piece of rubber served with a piece of chicken sitting under a HEAT LAMP for god knows how long. Thank goodness  for the syrup so it can actually add moisture to the mix.笑
If your visiting Vegas then you definitely need to stop here for breakfast or lunch. They have amazing chicken and waffle sandwiches or other waffle sandwiches. I ordered a Nutella & banana waffle sandwich with sweet cream it's was very fairly priced and the quality was excellent. My boyfriend ordered the original chicken sandwich! We both enjoyed our food!! Wish we had one in Tampa Florida笑
Simply the must have in Vegas! I have tried many chicken and waffles but their ones are too notch, I went there nearly everyday while I was in Vegas.笑
The waffles are so light and fluffy and crispy. It is amazing. Great place for lunch. Loved the Nashville chicken. 

The chicken was fried well and very crispy and moist. 

Definitely recommend.笑
Great food and service!!! Chicken was tasty and moist; and more importantly was seasoned! Fries were good. Great strawberry lemonade-- and you can add a shot of liquor for $5 (which is a mini bottle like you get on flights).笑
Great prices for Vegas.  The Waffle Sandwiches were surprisingly big and have lots of flavor. We had the chicken waffle sandwich as well as the pork. The chicken skillet was a lot of food, so easy to split.笑
It's bomb. Not gonna lie it's really great. You'll be really full by the time you eat half of it though. It's on the saltier side. I got the one with the fried egg on top. The chicken is crunchy and juicy. I would really recommend getting the fries, you can add chicken on to them and it's to die for. Yaaaaaassss. The lemonades are a little too sweet and salty? Yeah it's too strong for regular lemonade in my opinion. Recommend it.笑
When you go to a restaurant and you wake up the next day craving it, it deserves a good review. Had never heard of Bruxie before I found it searching Yelp while looking for brunch. While I have had chicken and waffles, the sandwich and skillet concept was new to me. And it works! Tried the original chicken and waffle sandwich, wasn't overly impressed with the chili honey sauce but it was decent. My favorite by far was the crispy chicken sandwich, with savory fried chicken breast with dill pickles sandwiched between waffles. Amazing. The waffles are crispy on the outside and soft inside. So good. The service both at the counter and table were great. This will be a staple for my next trip to Las Vegas.笑
OMF-----ing G!  Bruxie has won my foodie heart.  
One of the best FoodGasm I've ever had.  

I tried two different types of chicken and waffles (sandwich). 
Order your food at the counter and have a seat on a table of your choice.  

Food: 
The Original Fried Chicken & Waffles: Seasoned Breast, Chili Honey, Cider Slaw
Nashville Style Hot: Spicy & Smoky Fried Chicken Thigh, Tangy Sauce, Shredded Lettuce, Pickles

Oh my gosh, the waffle was perfect and my favorite was the original.  The chili honey and slaw was such a great combination.  

I will definitely stop by whenever there's a BRUXIE in town.笑
I had heard a lot of buzz about this place before coming down for this latest trip to Vegas. 

It did not disappoint. 

I had the Holy Chicken or something along those lines - I think it may have been a special? Either way, it was delicious. Someone else has the Bruxie Burger, which looked amazing, and the Crispy Chicken Tenders and Fries (which yes, is an item on the kids menu) - although, he still said it was really good. We also shared some deep fried pickles - which were HUGE. Too big for my liking, it felt like each bite was 1/3 of a jumbo pickle. 

The line was huge and didn't move too quickly, but once ordering the food came out (and was delivered to the table) quite quickly. Despite it being busy, the five of us were able to grab a table just fine.

I'll be back - but not soon enough I'm afraid!笑
HOLY COW!!!!  i cannot believe how good this Bruxie original is.   Crispy sweet chicken inside a waffle as a sandwich with coleslaw... ON FIRE FOR REAL笑
So night and day from my experience at China Poblano last night! Thank you YELPers for steering me here. I am not a big chicken and waffles fan because the chicken is usually dry or bland and the waffle is usually basic. Thank you BRUXIE for showing me what true chicken and waffles are suppose to be. I got the chicken and waffle skillet after a recommendation from a food runner there (who took the time to discuss the menu with me :-))  DELICIOUS from the first to the last bite. The chicken was moist, fries well, and seasoned all the way through. The waffle was dense and flavorful. I don't do a lot of bacon infused foods, so I was hesitant but the bacon was not overpowering and real complemented all the flavors. 

The service was great. Multiple people asked how the food was, which came out promptly despite the small rush they had. There were people constantly circling to clear plates, offer refills, and just saying hello with a welcome smile.

I have already told a few friends in Vegas to come here, I will be back!笑
Bruxie does it all right. The place is well designed when you see it and it's always packed. I ordered the Crispy Chicken sandwich and it was delicious! The waffles they use are perfect for sandwiches and the chicken seasoning is perfect it's not so much flavor and it's not greasy like most chicken and waffles places. I also ordered the fried pickles and WOW are those so perfect! I got a foot bear float and that was were it wasn't good. They have it in a plastic cub and the ice cream was already melted when they gave it to me and it just looked gross. The taste of it was basically all root beer. The presentation of their food and the place itself is amazing so why not make the root beer float apart if that and have a cool design? Idk it's just a thought. The food was amazing and it's very fast service literally came out in 5 minutes. They have outside seating so you can enjoy the weather with great food. Can't wait to be back In Vegas to try something else at this place.笑
Wow, best buffalo tenders and fried pickles ever. Pickles are thick and coated in cruchy batter. Chicken is thick and real chicken. Don't pass it up.笑
Awesome place for brunch. A casual place to grab some waffle inspired food for a great price. All the sandwiches are served with waffles as a bun and they are made to perfection, highly recommend.笑
This is a really good place. Unique concept. Don't go there if you are looking for a traditional breakfast, but we loved the waffle-based food!  We will be back!笑
This place is just off the main strip, but was the best meal I ate during my last trip in Vegas.  My wife and I split the Southern BBQ sandwich, fried chicken with bacon-cheddar waffle, Angry mac & cheese, and the creme brûlée waffle.  All were amazing and full of flavor.  The staff was very friendly and prompt as well.笑
I ordered the arugula sun dried tomatoes with goat cheese waffle sammich and it was the bomb diggity.笑
So yummy! Food was great. The nacho fries are a good size but can only be shared between 2-4 people. The bananas in my banana and nutella waffle were not ripe yet. Other than that it was pretty yummy!笑
The Nashville style skillet is amazing! Chicken is juicy and the waffle biscuit with the butter is sweet. Then end the meal with the creme brûlée waffle to top it off!笑
Bruxie was recommended by a friend and fellow foodie and I couldn't wait to try it. I'm hoping they open another location off the strip so it's easier to get to but I will battle the traffic and parking mess of the strip to return to this place!

Items ordered.
 -The Original Chicken and Waffle-Seasoned Fried Chicken Breast, Chili Honey, Cider Slaw between the light,airy yet flavorful waffle. The chicken was fried to perfection in a tasty batter and had an excellent flavor. 
-Prosciutto and Swiss with arugula, whole grain mustard and a "runny egg". This was my favorite for sure! With you first bite breaking the egg it's yolk runs into every nook of the waffle getting a bit of each ingredient in every bite. So lite and simple yet satisfying! 
-Nutella & Banana with a cream sauce. Looking for a sweet waffle to end this experience I had to go with this, Nutella being a favorite of mine. Not overly sweet but the warm waffle keeping the warm and gooey with the right amount of bananas and cream sauce this did not disappoint! 
They have a counter with forks,knives,napkins, ketchup and of coarse waffle syrup. Most of the dishes we had didn't need syrup but just a little on the chicken and waffle wreaks took it over the top.笑
I am not a standard chicken and waffles fan.  From where I came, chicken and waffles did not have fried chicken.  Rather, the chicken was stewed and the meat was added to the gravy made from the stew juice.  I generally avoid chicken and waffles because of that cultural divide.

I read about Bruxie when the Park was being built and I read about their menu.  It's been bookmarked for almost a year now.  Before the Cirque show at the T-Mobile Arena, I decided to give Bruxie a try.

I looked at the menu and ended up ordering the Nashville style hot chicken waffle.  The menu describes the sandwich this way--Spicy & Smoky Fried Chicken Thigh, Tangy Sauce, Shredded Lettuce, Pickles.  I also ordered an iced tea.

I was given a buzzer and told to sit anywhere I wanted.  They'd bring the food to me when it was ready.  I put the buzzer on the table and went to the area where you get napkins, cutlery, and sweetener.  One of the women brought my tea and said I could have a refill if I wanted.  Shortly after, the woman brought me the metal mini-tray with a cardboard in the bottom for liquids.  I cut the waffle in half and then proceeded to enjoy it.  The waffle was soft with just a small amount of crust.  As I was finishing the second part of the sandwich, the waffle had lost all firmness and it just melted into the food.

As long as I was here, I decided to do it all.  I ordered a dessert waffle and it was a toss up between two but I decided on the Nutella and banana.  It was a bit smaller than the sandwich waffle.  The Nutella was spread on the waffle and then sliced banana was added.  This was good.

Bruxie gives you a fast food option in the area that's different.  I enjoyed my food there.  I would recommend they turn the music down about 20 decibels.  It would have been difficult to carry on a conversation with the loudness of the music.

I might come back and try something else here.  I like the concept.笑
Lovely salads, excellent dressings, as well as mind blowingly amazing waffles- and super special maple syrup. This place was a pleasant surpise! I didn't expect to love it so much! We returned the following day for breakfast too! Go!笑
I went there last week and it wasn't even busy. But the food took forever to come. All I saw was the staff walking slowly back and forth in the kitchen doing nothing. Finally when the food came, my disappointment grew even further. I ordered the chicken waffle. The chicken was thin, dry, and small, and it didn't even looked fried at all, just one piece of chicken, brown on the outside (no batter) with barely any seasoning. The waffle was weirdly crunchy but had no taste at all.笑
Best fried chicken I had in a while. Did not know what to expect with the waffle but was pleasantly surprised by how light and crispy the whole thing was did not even feel full. The waffle Fries are alone a reason to check the place. Now I want to try the rest of the menu starting with the desserts! Prices are a little steep but at least the food is good... Need to have a second register open when you have a long line though...笑
After reading about this place, I had to try it. I love Chicken and Waffles. My favorite is from another restaurant outside the strip, and I really didn't want to have to drive. This place was right across the street from where I was staying, so why not. The menu was pretty simple. You order at the counter. They had several different combinations which sounded really good, but after reading all the reviews, I knew I wanted to try the Original. Seasoned Chicken Breast, Chili Honey, and Cider Slaw on a Waffle Sandwich. The waffle was light, slightly sweet, and crisp which was cooked to perfection. I loved all the toppings. Seriously so good. The price was just shy of $12. Not bad - especially for something different in Vegas. It filled me up, but it was soo good I could have easily ate more. When in Vegas, I'll go back. I may or may not try one of the others on the menu. It will be hard to steer from this.笑
Bruxie did not meet my expectations. My boyfriend and I ordered the original fried chicken waffle and the bleu cheese buffalo waffle and both disappointed us. I expected a warm waffle with a juicy piece of chicken but instead got a hard, crispy, cold waffle and a thin and tough breaded piece of chicken. The food presentation was nice and the servers were pleasant but the food was lame and made us sad.笑
This place is super overrated. The waffle wasn't that good and the chicken was was deep fried all I felt like I was eating was batter. And I ordered a side of waffle fries and they brought me out a happy meal size order. 

I don't know if I'll ever go back here since there isn't one near my house but if I have a choice between this and something else I will most likely go with the something else.笑
This specialty restaurant has done a great job with the chicken and waffles niche they are known for!!! Boy was I surprised!!! I'm not a particularly huge fan for chicken and waffles but this place certainly blind sided me! I LOVE LOVE LOVE  breakfast so I had to try the green eggs and ham waffle...Now this one didn't have chicken but it had ham, egg, cheese, and pesto....And of course put into a waffle sandwhich! Wow it was bursting with flavor!!! It was a good portion/size I could almost finish it! As an appetizer we also got the fried pickles wow wow wow! These aren't your little pitiful baby soggy  fried pickles you may get elsewhere. They were huge chunks!!! They exploded in your mouth but be careful they come out pipin hot! Oh and if you aren't in the mood for savory, salty they also have dessert waffles!!!! Next time I come back, because I will be back I am gunna try one of the chicken and dessert sandwiches, not together of course lol.笑
Came here for dessert and a root beer float. We got the Lemon Cream and Berries= $6.50 and the root beer float was $3.95. Pretty good for just dessert, next time I plan on trying some chicken and waffles.笑
I am upset that I haven't tried this place sooner! Bruxie is SOOOO GOOD! Best meal I had in Vegas hands down. I got the Holy chicken. It was a waffle, chicken sandwich with bacon, sauce, and a fried egg. The chicken was nice and crispy, tender, and juicy. The waffle was light and airy. It was more of a savory waffle than a sweet waffle. Though they did put some maple syrup in it. 
I also got a spiked milkshake. It cost an extra $5 to get it spiked. It was bomb! So worth it! It doesn't matter where you are on the strip. Go to Bruxie for an awesome meal! It is not that expensive either. The waffle sandwiches are pretty big and cost $12. It was definitely the cheapest meal I had in Vegas, but also my favorite!笑
First thing i wanted to do after my first bite of the original chicken waffle sandwich was to cry. Second thing that came to mind after my first bite of the Irish nachos was "cant wait to comeback tomorrow". The strawberry lemonade was so fresh i just have to label this place as my favorite waffle, chicken, cheese sauce, and drink place in LV!!!

Must stop if your looking for a fresh breakfast with awesome flavors ;)笑
I haven't had Bruxie for a long long time. It's good to see that they now have a location out in Vegas.

The Nashville sandwich was delicious. The waffle is not heavy and has an airy taste to it. The waffle fries with cheese was also delicious.  

We were lucky that we went during a slow time.笑
This place is great. We stumbled upon it while my wife and I were trying to find a quick bite to eat for lunch that wouldn't break the bank. Man, the chicken and waffles hit the spot. Everything on the menu sounded great. My wife got a salad and she loved it as well. We will be going back again.笑
The best chicken and waffles I've ever had. We tried both the original sandwich and the crispy sandwich. The crispy was our favorite-a more traditional savory chicken. The original was also delicious with a sweet vinegar sauce that goes nicely with the waffles. The waffles have a nice light texture that's different than regular waffles and the hand made sodas are also amazing!笑
Bruxie was a friend's suggestion - she had found it while doing food research on Yelp for Vegas. It was a relatively close walk to the MGM and very highly rated. We strolled over on our first full day for breakfast/brunch at about 11am. It was pretty full on the inside, but since it was so hot inside, we opted to sit outside instead. 

Bruxie specializes in waffles - specifically waffles with chicken (although there are plenty of options without chicken as well). You order at the counter and they bring your food to your table later. I had the Buffalo Bleu Fried Chicken Waffle Sandwich, which features fried chicken coated in buffalo sauce and served with crisp vegetable slaw, bleu cheese crumbles, chives, and ranch dressing. 

The chicken was very moist and tender on the inside and super crunchy on the outside. Surprisingly, the "structural integrity" (words that get thrown around when you travel with 3 engineers) of the waffle was very strong. You can hold it up and eat it like a real sandwich without it falling apart. 

I enjoyed my sandwich, but it's not something that I would go out of my way to have again. The chicken was good and the waffle was good - but I think I would've liked it better separated.笑
3 stars..
Chicken and waffles is a concept I can't get enough of, so I was in when my wife recommended it.
We started out with the traditional...warm crispy chicken wrapped in waffle and complimented by the vinegar slaw and syrup combo. The flavor was good, but the texture of the waffle was too soft. $9.25 is too steep for this product, but add in a soda and fries I would pay $10...
I was ready to give this place a 2 star rating until we got our Nutella banana dessert waffle. Crispy waffle, chocolatey Nutella, and sweet custard and bananas...it all just worked!(and for $5.25 this is a good deal!)
Ambiance is urban garage picnic and prices are above expectation. I will return for dessert, but until prices are corrected for the sandwiches I'll keep my distance. This joint for dessert makes the list!笑
Being from the south, my husband and I are huge fans and we definitely weren't disappointed with this restaurant.

We had to stand in line to order our food and was given a number to take to our table where our food was brought to us.  We tried the chicken and waffle sandwich and the Nutella and banana waffle.  Everything tasted so fresh and yummy.

We definitely will be returning there tomorrow to try more food.笑
I heard about this chicken and waffle craze; never had it before so while in Vegas my niece suggested we go to Bruxie , I had the original chicken and waffle and it was amazing.  The chicken was crunchy and the waffle was the best part; nice and crisp.   I could eat the waffle by itself .  A definite must while in Vegas !笑
Fried chicken and waffel sandwich! So good! With a beer its the perfect lunch. Time for a 10 mile walk or a nap!笑
Excellent, crispy and delicious

I don't usually like waffles, but I decided to give Bruxie a try and felt like I could toss the waffle if I didn't like it. Was I surprised when I took my first bite, the chicken is excellent, boneless, tender and crispy, and the waffle is light and crispy. The waffle is finished with a lightly spiced syrup and some coleslaw. This sandwich is very memorable and I can't wait till I get have another one.

I was told the chicken and waffles are cooked fresh for each order. So while Bruxie operates like a fast food place, it's freshly made.笑
This has been on my list for about a year and they are located outside of the New York New York Casino. We don't normally go on the strip is why it's taken so long to try! We arrived around lunch time and the line was going out the door, we thought we were going to wait a while. The place was packed with people. It took us only 5-10 minutes to order and we ordered the "Holy Chicken" it came with cheese, applewood bacon, an egg and the thick juicy flavorful chicken. Every flavor complemented each other no extra sauce needed. The sandwich itself is very filling and the chicken was extremely thick. We will definitely be coming back if we are on the strip.笑
This is pretty interesting. I've had chicken and waffles before at roscoes but this is a bit different. For starters I like the way the chicken tastes much better. The waffles are much softer and compliments the chicken very well. It's not too pricey and it's for sure worth trying since its on the strip. It's next to New York New York right in front of the T-Mobile arena. Try it! Oh.. And the strawberry lemonade is pretty good as well.笑
The Bruxie was a very chill place with a chill servers. The fried chicken was so good my boyfriend and I went back for another within the hour. Clean dining experience, outdoor seating available - pretty awesome for a fast food type of joint. We got the original fried chicken sandwich and then the buffalo fried chicken sandwich and both were so good without being too heavy. The waffles were light and airy and the chicken was soft and juicy. Definitely recommend this place if you have the chance to go.笑
Pretty good and reasonable prices. The waffle itself was fried, which made it very light and crunchy. The piece of chicken was of decent size and crispy but not too greasy. The only unfortunate thing was it was hard to eat like a sandwich because the waffle easily broke apart. I'd probably get the chicken tenders instead next time due to more protein. The cane sugar drinks didn't disappoint, but I wished they had the regular sodas instead.笑
I needed a place that was convenient before a concert at the T Mobile arena and so we made a stop here. I got the original fried chicken and waffle. It was the perfect guilty pleasure. My friend got the nashville hot tenders and she enjoyed those very much. We stayed next door and both my friend and I loved Bruxie, we ended up returning 2 times during our stay it was so good! It's great for people watching which was entertaining to say the least.

There was a lot of seating although the line up is usually long, it goes very fast!笑
Ive been a fan of Bruxie OC and their amazing waffle concoctions for some time now. I'm happy to report the brand new establishment at the Park Vegas is up to standards.

The guy working the door was kind of enough to entertain us with his enthusiasm for waffles, that's always a plus while waiting in line. I took one of his suggestions and rolled with the creme brûlée and a house coffee to wash it down- so delicious but a tad on the soggy side. I digress.

My buddies took stabs at the Chicken & Waffles, one of them being the spicy Nashville specialties. Great as always, but that's expected. Welcome to Vegas, Bruxie.笑
I think this was the best thing I ate during my latest Vegas trip.  

We got the original waffle sandwich and the chicken and waffles (with bacon and cheese cooked in!  You could actually taste it also).  Taste reminded me of amped up Chik-fil-a (aka delicious).  

It was a little pricey for chicken and waffles though.笑
This place is a must stop.  Waffle sandwiches...come on in.   Fresh strawberry lemonade was awesome.  Chicken and waffle sandwich was good. And the breakfast sandwich I assume was good as my girlfriend didn't offer me any of hers.  

Check it out and enjoy an opportunity to people watch as well.笑
Delicious Chicken and waffles, walk in order, then find a place to sit and they bring the food to you. Very friendly staff, great atmosphere. Great portion sizes.笑
Went twice- for both breakfast and a late night dinner. Was so good... bummed this place was also in Denver but closed. Had the Nutella waffle, the original chicken sandwich, the mac and cheese, and the tenders meal. All were delicious. Love the honey glaze.! Will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!笑
Bruxie was an amazing experience. Not only was the service good. The food was delicious. I went here with my Girlfriend to just explore the new Park. We stumbled across Bruxie. Someone greeted us at the door and gave us a tour of the menu. She let us try some of their custard and I have to say. That was delicious too. We ordered the Buffalo Chicken Bleu Waffle Sandwich. I totally recommend this sandwich. The Buffalo Chicken does have a small kick to it but it's barely noticable. I'm not even a buffalo sauce fan but this sandwich rocked my world. I'm definately going back again to explore more of the menu!笑
So glad they opened up a Bruxie in LV. I've been a regular at their other locations in CA and I'm glad I can now get a tuna melt here! Make the melt a staple!笑
The gang was hungry and went walking around NYNY....some did SmashBurger and then we glanced next door to BRUXIE - a chicken and waffles place.   Yum, great texture on both the waffle and the fried chicken.   Perfect savory and sweet and salty....
Next stop -   SmashBurger.
Next time will try the Pastrami waffle sandwich - looked hearty!笑
Absolutely delicious breakfast waffle sandwiches and dessert waffle sandwiches. Incredibly delighted and fast service. The only thing I'd say is the coffee is atrocious so just don't order coffee but I enjoyed everything else so much I needed to give 5 stars笑
Wow, I have such mixed feelings. I want to give it 5 stars for how it started and 2 stars for how it ended. 

Initially, I was completely blown away by the Nashville Hot Chicken (skillet with cheddar waffle). It was crispy and the portions were good. I love hot chicken and normally wish it was hotter at other places. Well this was HOT hot chicken!! Woohoo! 

The waffle was meant to balance out the chicken spice. It had a lot of large sugar chunks on the outside which were welcome at first but over time it became way too sickly sweet. There were just too many sugar chunks. The waffle also was dense. So dense and kinda gooey on the inside. I was hoping for fluffy. 

Between the sickly sweet waffle and the inferno chicken, my tastebuds are totally fried. They tried too hard to strike a balance between the intensely sweet and intensely hot. 

Just too intense; too much of a good thing.笑
Great spot in the new Park area by T-Mobile arena. Lots of seats, both outside and inside. There is someone out front too who can guide you through their menu when walking by.

Never had a waffle sandwich before, so I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. It came on a tray, with the sandwich propped up on a piece of cardboard. It came with a pickle and some extra sauce. Wasn't sure how to eat it - hold it like a sandwich or knife/fork? When I picked it up, unfortunately all the pork fell out because the fold in the waffle was all soggy. Not appetizing. It was like the waffle wasn't cooked long enough to develop that light crunch on the outside. My friend's waffle sandwich fared a little better but I could see it was also not crisp enough.

If they cooked the waffle a little longer, it would have been perfect.笑
This is a must eat here in Las Vegas food is fantastic and the price is perfect the service is second to none. The salad that I'm eating here is the best one I've ever had here in Las Vegas. If you want very nice place to eat and a great atmosphere come here.笑
Great stop!  Located in the park, indoor and outdoor seating.  Staff very polite, attentive and ready to offer menu suggestions.

Original chicken and waffles was great.  Crisp and freshly made.  I might have enjoyed the spicy versiin more...next time.

Also had the creme brulee...with fresh strawberries in september.  Was just right amount of custard so the waffle wasn't dry without syrup, bit wasn't soggy either.

Fresh squeezed oj?!?  Who does that?  It was delicious!

Coffee is BOLD, as it says.

Free ice water, so you can fill up your water bottle if you are like me.

Would return for sure.笑
Chicken and waffles place, got the original...didn't think it was too special. I would get the Nashville one next time. It was pretty fast and cheap though. Not that much flavor in the chicken笑
The waffle was very greasy. The chicken was crispy, but a little dry and the breading was so heavily seasoned, it was too much. Perhaps they over fried it, cause it was not golden brown but rather a very dark color. Or maybe its all the over the top seasoning in the breading that gave it that unattractive color. The sauce is much too sweet and the tiny spoonful of coleslaw they give you with it, is hardly enough to cut through all that "carby" and greasy food.
I desperately wanted something acidic to cut through the grease or at least more coleslaw to break that monotony of flavor.笑
I came here for lunch and I gotta say, their chicken was extremely flavorful! Every bite is packed with seasoning and it was very tender and juicy. I got the original chicken and waffles and enjoyed my meal. However, I am not a huge fan of their waffles. They put a lot of sugar in their waffles which was a turn off for me because I did not want to eat sugar for lunch. Their waffle fries were average and tasty but had a little more salt than I expected.

I ordered one meal which was enough for me and one other person. It was extremely filling and I wish I got a chance to try their dessert because it looked amazing. I would definitely come here again but would not order a waffle with sugar on it.笑
Awesome staff! I can't begin to describe how great the staff is at this location. The line goes by quickly and your food comes at fresh every time. The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned and the waffle was crispy. We are here 3 days in a row while in vacation and were never disappointed.笑
Righteous. Go eat a waffle there. You won't be disappointed. Definitely coming back on our next trip.笑
I went to this place for the first time today and the employees were really friendly, their menu didn't have a lot but it sure did have dishes i have never tried before. i decided to go with the Nashville Hot Chicken since I love hot and spicy food. 
The food came quicker than expected, the food looked really tasty. There was one downside to this though, when ordering i specifically asked for no sauce at all, but when my food came there was mayonnaise on it. They replaced the waffle in no time but that is not the reason why this has a low rating. 
The chicken had a very nice look to it, the texture of it was decent, and it could pass for real nashville hot chicken. But looks isn't what makes the food good. The chicken was indeed tender, and crispy. But, the chicken had no flavor what so ever, it tasted like as if it was overcooked or if they used old oil. The waffle just tasted like a wafer with no flavor and almost made me puke when I was eating the waffle by itself. The place itself has a very nice aesthetic to it and it could be a good hangout spot and if you're looking for something quick to eat, very outgoing and polite employees. But dinner wise, I wouldn't think twice about not going to this place again, everything but the food is good about this place. I feel like this is just an over-hyped place that you should just avoid.笑
Good food, different plays on the waffle theme. I love this place. The portions were perfect, not to big, but big on flavor.笑
As a California native and a long-time regular at both the original Bruxie in Orange and Bruxie in Irvine, I've come to be familiar with their food, because honestly, it's quite good. But as Ellen L. mentioned yesterday, this location seems to be lacking the consistency that the California Bruxie's have. 

A nearby restaurant had a considerably long line, so we decided to eat at Bruxie, having noticed earlier that there was no line at this location. The ambiance of the restaurant is much like the other locations, and that is important in capturing the essence of the original location, which was and is a small shack on an intersection in Orange. I decided to order the Bacon, Egg, and Cheddar; something I've come to love and is one of my two favorite waffles at Bruxie. In addition to that, I ordered the seasonal Eggnog Shake, just for kicks. The whole ordering process was pretty smooth, except I was expecting them to ask whether I wanted the Bacon, Egg, and Cheddar with a light spread of mayo but she didn't ask. 

The food came out quickly; drinks first, followed by all of the entrees shortly thereafter. When I bit into the BEC, it didn't taste right and seemed to be missing a bit of flavor. It didn't take me long to realize they didn't put mayo in it. Now this was easily remedied by asking for some mayo from the staff and it did taste good afterwards, but the issue again comes down to consistency. 

I have been, am, and will be a fan of Bruxie, but I think this location needs to step it up. Overall, the staff was nice and the food for the most part was good; if not for a seemingly regular pattern of mistakes and oversights, I'd definitely be comfortable with a 4 star review.笑
I did a little bit of research on places that I can go with my husband when while I was in town. This popped up in it look absolutely delicious. The chicken and waffle was really good. Today they had a special for their barbecue chicken and waffle which was pretty much very similar to their original but what it up being about nine dollars rather than $12 for their classic. So we thought we would try that and it tasted pretty decent. However I got the waffle fries and those were pretty much cold. We thought fries would be especially when we got there right when the restaurant opened. You basically order your food here and go to your table and they bring you your food. It gets pretty messy with a sandwich and especially with syrup involves it can get sticky. They don't have a very convenient bathroom or sink that you can wash your hands right after eating. They have ice water near the napkins and condiments section which was nice. It took a little longer than I thought to get my order but I suppose when they cook the chicken when you order it it will take some time. If I am in town again I will probably visit again and hopefully my waffle fries will be hot next time!笑
Was craving breakfast, looked on Yelp, and discovered that my hotel was just a few minutes away from a Bruxie. I went with a few other friends and ordered their buffalo bleu waffle sandwich. My friends tried the crispy chicken (I think that's what it's called), one of the breakfast sandwiches, and a caesar salad. The pricing was fair considering it's more of a "specialty" type of food. The sandwich was about $10. The food came out really fast in less than 10 minutes. 

The portion size is huge, I had difficulty finishing the whole thing. The chicken was crispy and juicy, really really good. I love buffalo sauce and I really enjoyed the sauce on the buffalo bleu. The coleslaw was just okay, a bit flavorless. I was expecting a bit more creamyness from the slaw to balance out the tangyness from the buffalo sauce. The first half of my sandwich was really good, but when I got to my second half it got to be too much. All you could taste was the strong buffalo sauce. Maybe it would be a good idea to get the buffalo sauce on the side? Regardless, this chicken and waffle combo really hit the spot. The waffle was light and crispy and did not get soggy at all. The waffle held up pretty well, which I was surprised! We ordered a side of waffle fries, which were pretty basic. I would skip on these. 

All in all, Bruxie lives up to its hype. It's good fast food that will fill you up. I wouldn't mind coming back!笑
I had chicken strips and waffle fries, my husband had the chicken waffle sandwiches. Both were delicious! He chicken was antibiotic and hormone free and you could definitely taste the difference. Excellent service and friendly staff笑
Wasn't Our Intention To Come Here But As We Walked By The Chicken And Waffle Sandwich Caught Our Eye So We Decided To Go In And  Ordered The Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich $9.25 And The Mac &Cheese  $5.95 The Sandwich Had A Spicy Kick To the Chicken But The Breast Was So Juicy And Full Of Flavor And The Waffle Was Light And Airy And The Mac & Cheese Was Infused With Bacon It Was Delicious I Wanted MORE!! This Place Is Really Good And Next Time We're In Vegas We'll Be Back笑
Waffle sandwiches & fried chicken! This fast casual establishment was a solid stop on the strip for some quality food. The chicken and waffle combination works perfectly as you might expect. They are just big enough where it is not too messy to eat. Great with a little syrup and hot sauce!笑
Underwhelmed, my chicken on the waffle was lukewarm and not out of the fryer hot. The waffle was good. I might go back for just a virgin waffle. My BF got sick after he ate his club type sandwich, and no, he was not drunk as he does not drink alcohol.笑
I wanted to love Bruxie.  My wife and I went on a Sunday morning and the line was out the door.  We expected this so we weren't in a crazy rush.  For whatever reason, they have 2 cash registers but only chose to operate one that day.  I don't understand this at all.  I would assume that Sunday mornings were a normally busy time so why were they not prepared to handle the crowd?

Anyway - on to the food.  Just ok.  I LOVE Nashville hot chicken, so I was super excited to try out the hot chicken and waffles sandwich.  The waffle - very good.  Hot chicken...not so good.  It was super sweet and not what I was really looking for, although I thought the slaw was tasty.  The quality of the chicken was great, very moist, I just didn't love the hot chicken flavor.  My wife got the original and basically gave the same review.  Super super sweet but good waffle and good quality chicken.

Oh yeah - the coffee - DO NOT GET IT.  -3 out of 5 stars.  Burnt, bitter, worst gas station coffee we've ever had.  There was not enough cream/sugar in the building that could have made it taste remotely good.

We may or may not try it again, possibly at a different time of the day to see if anything changed.笑
While we were in Vegas we found this restaurant and it was on believably delicious. Who would've thought chicken and waffles could be so unbelievable so good so fresh so filling. The service was on point the place was packed. 

We got home from Las Vegas and immediately look for the nearest Bruxie restaurant. Will go again and again.笑
DELICIOUS!! I enjoyed the egg, bacon, and cheddar sandwich today.  Wish I would have found this place at the beginning of my trip rather than the end. I want it again, right  now!!! :-)笑
First time at this place...sooooo good!  Love that I can sit and look out at the new Park at NYNY.  
Great service!笑
What a find this place was!

We were staying at NYNY and ended up here out of convenience, but ended up coming back a second time, and almost a third.The food is really good, the staff is uber-friendly, your order comes out fast, they have lots of seating... and it's all priced reasonable.

Bruxie checks all the boxes. Must go.笑
You know... I like you Bruxie. I do.

I was going to see John Mayer at the T-Mobile arena and I thought, "do I REALLY want to power through some sketch arena microwavable food right now?" I decided I didn't. My usual alternative for a while has been Shake Shack. Because no one can argue their burgers are on point. But I decided to give Bruxie a chance that day. Was not disappointed.

Naturally I went with the chicken & waffle option (because what does "health" mean in America, am I right?), and the chicken was so juicy that Notorious BIG made a song about it... Juicy. I will say I've had better waffles as chicken partners before, but that's not to say it was bad. It was still pretty good. You have to be something really special to mess that combo up, and fortunately they were the other kind of special. The good kind. 

I opted out of the drink and she offered me a water cup anyway. I didn't even have to ask for it. That's some nice hospitality. I appreciate the little things. It was VERY well priced for the strip in my opinion and I will be back for more artery damaging goodness in the near future.笑
Came in during my vacation after seeing a special on their FB page for $5 chicken strips and fries. The chicken needed more flavor to me. It was just okay and then I saw they had waffles so I ordered one with just powered sugar and it was disgusting! It was cooked on the outside but mushy on the inside. Boy, looks can be deceiving. I didn't see what all the hype was about. It was just overpriced okay food. The only cool thing is they make their own sodas.笑
Omggggggggggg! I found this place while researching places to eat on the Strip before I flew to Vegas and I'm sure glad I did!

I got the chicken and waffle sandwich. Once I took my first bite, I thought I'd died and gone to chicken and waffle heaven. The chicken was moist and flavorful and the waffle was light and fluffy. It has slaw on it and I almost requested that it be left off because I'm usually not a fan. However, the slaw was tasty and doesn't take away from the deliciousness of the sandwich. 

I ordered the vanilla cream soda to go with it and it was also delicious.  The bf thought it was too sweet but I thought it was perfect. 

The only thing negative about Bruxie is that there's not one close to me! I could eat it every day!笑
We shared the original chicken waffle for $9.95.  It was a big disappointment.  The chicken was on the dry side, very little coleslaw, and it was just a normal tasting waffle.  Overpriced for what u get... probably wouldn't go back.笑
It's not too often that you come across a true 5 star place. This is it. Both me and my wife loved this place.  The food is unique and done great.  I never thought of mixing fried chicken and waffles and actually thought it might be gross.  This is definitely worth a try.  We ordered the Original and both loved it.笑
This place is off the hook. A definite must! Bacon cheddar and egg sandwich was life changing. Would probably give up my first born for another笑
My friend and I had to try Bruxie after hearing about the hype. All of the workers we encountered were very kind and made sure that we were doing okay, except for Paulina who took our order. I asked her if we can split the bill and she gave me an attitude right away. She should not be giving customers nasty looks and shaking her head while taking orders!!!

I ordered the Carolina BBQ Pulled Pork waffle sandwich & a strawberry lemonade, and my friend ordered the Bruxie Burger & the regular waffle fries (which we shared). We thought the portions looked small at first especially since the prices are not very cheap, but we were mistaken. We felt so full near the end of our meal. My pulled pork sandwich was okay; it was a little messy to eat since it started falling apart as soon as I took my first bite. I was not a fan of the strawberry lemonade. It tasted very bland like mushed strawberries and water. 

I am giving this place three stars because of our rude server, mediocre food, and slightly high prices. The prices would be better if the sandwiches included fries. $2.95 for a separate order of waffle fries (which only included like 6 fries) was definitely not worth it!笑
Fun place to grab breakfast and try something different. The spicy chicken waffle was very tasty. Wife had standard breakfast waffle sandwich and wished she tried something a little more edgy. Will be back for sure.笑
Five stars for an awesome menu and they delivered with delicious food! The chicken is a thin piece of breast that is perfectly fried and still very juicy but perfectly crispy on the outside. The slaw was light and not drenched in mayo with a little honey drizzle. Def try this place!笑
Not easy to find with GPS . But very good waffles and chicken.  Not to expensive but worth the money . The iced mocha not the best , could be better .笑
Food excellent service terrible. Not good enough review...okay I will elaborate. Servers were nice but food took forever to be served. We ordered Nutella and banana waffle, berries and cream compote waffle and my favorite Louisiana style spicy chicken waffle. 

Not just a heads up my poor review of this place has only to do with the wait time. It shouldn't take over an hour to serve 3 waffle sandwiches so to speak. I found the food excellent for the most part although the berry one was a bit tart for me. I would go here again granted I got better service and got two spicy chicken waffles. Yup that should do the trick. Happy eating.笑
honestly i LOVED this place. we were visiting from san diego,CA and were staying at the new york new york and while walking by happened to catch our eye and ending up ordering there . soooo very glad we did! i have the buffalo blue chicken sand which my husband had the original and the kids had the mac and cheese with bacon . the waffle was delicately crisp but soft inside with chicken crispy and flavorful. i was already craving another after we left ! loved loved this place !笑
The sandwich chicken waffle was not soggy and full of crunch. Flavors were delicious!笑
These are the most delicious chicken and waffle sandwiches ever the staff was so nice and courteous to go items were well packed and the prices were I was taking my order to go the tables were too dirty for my taste but I imagine they are incredibly busy笑
Wacky and wonderful Bruxie!  On a recent friends trip to Vegas, our culinary needs collided beautifully - while I lust for fried chicken, they love all things waffle. In our pre-departure Yelping to find culinary delights, a friend happened upon Bruxie, where the two come together to make the ultimate brunch. We're so there!

Bruxie is a stand-alone joint on the strip (as in not connected with any of the giant hotels), so you'll have to brave Las Vegas Boulevard and the desert sunshine to reach it. Step away from the slots and tables, it's ok!  It's well worth it to support a business that hasn't been swallowed by a casino and is still a special treat away from home. 

Inside Bruxie has the typical fast casual set-up: you peruse the menu from the line, order at the register, are handed a number, and then grab your table while the food is brought to you.  While there were many tempting treats, I figured on my first visit it was best to stick with their classic offering, the Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich.  Served up as the menu says with chili honey and cider slaw, you also have a choice of sides - I opted for the fresh fruit to keep it lighter. 

When your food arrives, you will be visually dazzled! It's a mild misnomer to call what Bruxie serves a sandwich, let's face it - this is a decadent taco, bro!  A thin but sturdy and very tasty waffle comprises the taco shell, and your chicken and slaw is generously stuffed inside, with a healthy drizzle of the honey. Syrup is also available at a condiment bar if you want to go full brunch on this bad boy. The size and the various liquids can overall make the tacowich a little difficult to eat, 2 of the 3 of us were relegated to fork n' knife it as the waffle split under duress, but no biggie! What's important here is the flavor, and this is a tasty offering. My waffle-loving friends were overjoyed by the waffle, and I was so happy the chicken was juicy and seasoned perfectly!  All the other flavor elements added balance and variety, and still let the chicken be the star, as it should be. I was also happy the side cup of fruit was standard but luckily not canned - thank you for not cheaping out on fresh produce!  

Bruxie is definitely recommended for indulgent brunchie needs at all hours, and whether you lust for waffles, fried bird, or the delightful marriage of the two, you will be happy!笑
This place was.....amazing! The service was friendly, the view was excellent, and the food was fantastic. Definitely check this place out.笑
Having always been a fan of Bruxie, I was excited to see that Vegas now has one located right next to Shake Shack! It's been a while since I've had a delicious chicken and waffle sandwich and Bruxie sure did deliver. I ordered the Nashville Style Hot waffle sandwich which included a nice and juicy fried chicken thigh with shredded lettuce, pickles, and a nice tangy sauce to top it off. I opted out of the pickles since I'm not a fan, but everything else about the sandwich was just so delightful, I loved it. The waffle was soft, fluffy, and not too thick so you wouldn't get tired of it easily.  The chicken was fried to perfection and since it was dark meat, it wasn't dry at all. A couple days late on this review, I'm definitely starting to drool as I'm trying to remember every bite I had. 

As if the chicken sandwich alone wasn't enough, I tempted myself to get a kids meal with a small order of waffle cut fries and mac n cheese. I wanted to get both as sides but fearing that the side orders would be too much, I ordered the kids meal thinking the portions would be smaller. Not sure if this is the case, but it definitely was the right amount for me! You also get a kids cup of either lemonade, soda, or milk with it. Both the fries and mac n cheese were bomb, if you happen to be on the fence like me - I say just do it! 

Having ordered way too much food already, I had to mentally stop myself from getting one of their sweet waffles. The Creme Brulee waffle looked so heavenly and luscious, I definitely died a little inside... But it's okay, this just gives me another reason to be back next time! 

Service was good, not great. After you order they give you what looks like a pager or buzzer, but it actually doesn't buzz. It has a number on it and once your order is ready, the workers call out your number and after spotting you, they walk over to hand you your order. This might be more efficient inside, but since we sat outside, it was a little unorganized. I think having an actual buzzer and just having customers walk up to pick up their order would be much easier. They forgot my fries and drink and I had to walk back to the counter to ask for it. It's no big deal, but I think it's easier to just pick everything up all at once at the counter than having the workers struggle with bringing everything out to you. But regardless, the workers were really friendly and got me my fries and drink right away!

Overall, I totally recommend if you're a waffle lover!笑
OH MY GOD!!!!! 

this place is AMAZING... The burgers and chicken are cooked to perfection, not too dry and just the right amount of juiciness.

It's priced really well.. We ordered sandwich combos with drinks and waffle fries for 25 bucks for 2 people. 

Definitely visiting this place every time I come to Vegas! 5 stars hands down.

P.S don't listen to Daniel P's review.. Clearly he's a little on the "booshie" side.. It's a waffles and fried chicken joint... Not a Ruth Chris. Ordering Chardonnay at a fast food place is like ordering a burger at a seafood place.笑
I had really high hopes for this place - I mean who doesn't love chicken n waffles? I ordered the regular chicken and waffles and felt like it was a bit dry and the chicken was a bit cold... 

The waffle fries and shake was excellent笑
The food was what you expect if you have eaten at Bruxie before but what made this experience excellent was Andre. This young man was everywhere making sure that everything was to the customer's liking. This guy hustled. We even asked him if he was the owner because that was how much he cared that we were happy. So nice to see an employee who takes such pride in his work. Thank you Andre!笑
Holy waffle sandwich.  Or something like that.  Place is awesome.  Waffles are light and airy.笑
Cute affordable place just off the strip between Monte Carlo and New York New York. 
This place has huge windows so you can see the view of the strip while you're eating. The chicken is really good and crispy. The waffles are nothing fancy but together it's really yummy.
They make their own sodas so no name brand, but the coke tastes sweet like it did when they were in glass bottles. I liked it. Plus free refills. The strawberry lemonade was good too. 
The staff were extra accomodating and friendly. Place was clean and trendy.笑
Delicious, with pleasant and fast service.  We had the Crispy chicken, Green eggs and ham, as well as the Country sausage and egg. They were all tasty and varied in flavors.笑
Delicious food, super nice and friendly staff, and a buffalo cheese sauce that I could eat for the rest of my life! I ordered the original waffle sandwich, with waffle fries and a strawberry lemonade. Since I made the trip down to the strip I knew I had to make it worth it, so I ordered the buffalo mac and cheese (minus bacon)!! And wow! Everything cost around $22 total which I was cool with because it was the Strip. I was so impressed, all the food was delicious. It was Sunday around 2 and there was only like 10-15 people there, so we got in and out no problem! Tip: dip your fries in the buffalo cheese sauce! It is to die for!笑
While on the prowl for dinner walking down the strip, our group was on our way towards Shake Shack for some burgers and custard. Before lining up we noticed something new and decided to check out Bruxie.

While everyone in our group ordered chicken and waffles, for some reason I thought to myself that a salad would be good. I know, I know, who in their mind would go to Bruxie and think...gee I've eaten so much fatty food while in Vegas, maybe I'll just get a salad :/ Surprisingly enough, the Roasted Mushroom & Grilled Chicken salad was more than I could have ever hoped for. The tasty chicken was balanced balanced out with Crimini Mushrooms, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Herb Goat Cheese, Romaine & Arugula, Lemon Vinaigrette and a
Balsamic Reduction. The portion itself was huge and probably should have fed at least 2 people but I was hungry and ate it all.

The girl at the counter was friendly, there was ample seating at 9pm on a Friday, and our food was brought out to our table with a smile. I'll be back Bruxie!笑
Don't underestimate this place because they have waffles! During my trip I tried two different waffle sandwiches there and both were great. The service is fast & everyone is friendly笑
Cheerful, friendly greetings by all, a brief, enticing explanation of the menu items, smiles and aromas! Seriously, great, attentive service-even as we walked out the door. The waffle wow light toasty and crispy without being heavy. Ordered the Original chicken and waffle, that kick of honey, oh man! very pleased but I will ask for extra slaw and jalapenos if they have it from now on! My daughter had the creme brule waffle with whipped creme n strawberries, Awesome! Lemonade has that perfect balance of tart, fruity sweetnes and refillable. Everyone was very nice, helpful. A !笑
Expect to wait in line because the demand is pretty high. It's no doubt that the line goes out the door. This place has amazing quality food. My order was exactly how I requested to be (tweaked a little on the add ons). You order up front and you pick where you want to be seated. I thought our table and chairs would be sticky because so much syrup gets used but it was extremely clean. The staff made sure that after every guest they cleaned and wiped down the entire area before the next person sat. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here again.笑
We came here on a Saturday around noon. There was a line out the door but the wait was really short. It's a casual quick-serve restaurant (where you order in line and then they bring the food to your table). The service was great and it took about 10 min for us to get our food. 

We ordered the 2 pieces of fried chicken (which includes a bacon-cheddar waffle), Holy Chicken sandwich, Angry Mac & Cheese, Waffle Fries, and Strawberry Lemonade. The Bacon-Cheddar Waffle was the highlight of the meal! It had a crispy exterior with a fluffy interior. The 2 piece fried chicken (we got one of each flavor) is a MUST ORDER. The Holy Chicken sandwich was delicious too but not as good as the waffle that came with the sandwich is much thinner. We were so full from these two dishes that we should've skipped the other three side dishes. The waffle fries and the Mac & Cheese aren't particularly tasty enough to warrant special attention. The strawberry lemonade was also extremely sweet. 

Overall, this place is really good! We would come back but mainly for the bacon cheddar waffle.笑
I really loved this place it really was a amazing change of pace. The staff was super friendly and everything was clean. I look forward to going back笑
I love this place! Great food and great service! The manager Ann was amazing we have never been here and she explained everything and made our visit that much better! This is a great kid friendly place as well! I will definitely be back for more chicken and friendly service!笑
Bruxie no joke is giving Roscoe's a run for their money. If you into chicken and Waffle combos this place is the spot! I tried the original chicken and waffle combo with the irish nachos and caught a food coma...It was that good..Waffles were crispy and light just like I like em, and the chicken was flavored well..Real cream soda to top off the meal had me super satisfied..I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try a alternative to Roscoes笑
Chicken skillet or chicken sandwich. Both are delicious and super affordable. The customer service here is super! The girls are very knowledgable and nice. Get the real syrup, it's worth the extra dollar. The free syrup is the fake like aunt Jamima high fructose corn syrup shyt. So yeah pay the extra dollar and get real syrup.笑
Waffles anytime of day are where it's at! We were looking for reasonably priced breakfast close by and Bruxie won out! I had been to the original in Orange, CA and knew it was gonna be good. Quick service and the prices can't be beat in Vegas! I ordered the naked Bruxie waffle with Vermont maple which was pretty good if not just a tad bit greasy.笑
Pretty freakin' good. Waffle sandwiches are unbelievable. There's really nothing healthy about this place but it's perfect for Vegas. Seems like the perfect way to start the day with a hangover or finish the night if you're on a bender.笑
This place is okay, nothing different. The employees are really friendly and welcoming. The only down side is the chicken was super salty it almost made me throw up.笑
Good little spot on the Strip in the Park. Used to visit the Chino location and was glad it made its way to Vegas! The Nashville Hot Chicken and the traditional burger are the best in my opinion but everything tastes better between waffles. 

Most people usually just shoot for the desserts but I only go for the meals. Great easy value for the Strip and good location笑
First time here and I will say best chicken and waffles I've had 

Chicken is tender and seasoned very well the waffle with bacon OMG  wonderful 

Great portion size I highly recommend this place. Nice music comfortable atmosphere笑
Heard about this from a fellow league bowler a few days prior, so decided to check it out on our way out of town.  Parking was a bit of a bear, due to street closing for whatever reason.  Line was out the door, but moved quickly, and there was inside seating available.  Guy taking order seemed a bit distracted, and made a small mistake on our order.  We each had a breakfast waffle sandwich; one sausage, one bacon.  Both were very good, with or without some maple syrup.  Bus person also gave us samples of their frozen custard; deelish!  

We will definitely be back.笑
The food was awesome!! I ordered mushrooms with goat cheese. Yumm. My Bf ordered the Nashville Chicken Waffle. He enjoyed it! But the deep fried pickles was cut way to thick and the batter did not stick to the pickles. Other than that everything else was delicious! I would definitely go back!笑
I've heard so many good things about this California import that I was a little skeptical going in. It couldn't be that good, could it? But after taking a bite of their original chicken and waffle sandwich I was hooked. It's everything I look for in fried chicken and waffles (in a sandwich form) -- crunchy texture, well seasoned, a little heat, crispy waffle. I'm a fan and can't wait to go back for more.

My kid on the other hand, didn't like it as much as I did. His young palate wasn't crazy about the peppery coating on the kid's chicken tenders and couldn't eat more than one bite. I thought it was great, but I can understand why he didn't like it. If I go back, I'll just have to do so without him.笑
Love this place! Wish we had them back home.  Great choices! Gets 5 stars as a "fast food"! Top choice !笑
A yummy play on chicken and waffles. I had the Nashville Hot Chicken and waffle sandwich. If you like spicy this is the one to get. I also had the Nutella and banana dessert waffle. It definitely did not disappoint. The table next to me got the green eggs and ham breakfast waffle sandwich and they were exclaiming that it was so delicious. I would totally come back and try more of their menu. The line was out the door! (Maybe because it was lunch time) The customer service was great. The reason for 4 star was that it was a little on the pricy side. But if money wasn't an issue this is a great place for good chicken and waffles.笑
Waffle portions are small but this was so good!  No wait but a little hard to find! I would so do this again!!!笑
This place is awesome!  I will be recommending this to anyone I know visiting Vegas.

I got the chicken waffle sandwich.  Literally amazing.  The flavors matched perfect.  Chicken was cooked to perfection.  Staff asked us several times if we needed anything.  I also tried the banana nutella waffle for the sweet side of my taste and it was like I was floating in waffle heaven. 

I will be going back everytime I am in town.笑
My family and I visited Vegas from Tuesday June 7, 2016  thru Tuesday June 14, 2016. We had never heard of Bruxe Chicken and Waffles because we are from McKinney Texas, and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.  We lucked upon this place because a restaurant further down the strip that we wanted to try had closed early. So we were headed back to our hotel at the Excalibur, when we saw Bruxie's; that was on Wednesday June 8th. We loved it sooooooo much, that we ate here everyday, including the morning that we boarded the plane.  This place is absolutely Freaking Amazing.  Shout out to Ms. Ann Marie and Mr. Andrea for providing exceptional customer service during our many visits.  We begged Ms. Ann Marie to pass the word to the powers that be, please come to Oklahoma and Texas; there is definitely markets waiting to be tapped!!!  We need you to send Ms. Ann Marie when you do open down here.

My nephew and I are going through Bruxie's withdrawals!! HELP!,,,,,  thanks for an awesome experience. Juanita J      Oklahoma City, OK笑
Simple, comfort, fast food!

Only knowing about this place in Cali, I've always wanted to try it but never got to! 
But how awesome that these little known places are starting to creep their way into Vegas!

Unfortunately have only been here twice since it's located on The Strip (where no local really likes to travel to, lol!), but well worth it!

Located in "The Park", a great new addition to the Strip, same area as T-Mobile Arena, New York New York, Shake Shack, Beerhaus, CPK, Sake Rok and the big, tall lady statue! 

Casual spot. Lots of seating inside, a handful outside. Open kitchen view where you see them making waffles on the waffle makers. Cool decors, i.e. the waffle maker wall, garage like separator from the semi-outdoor seating to inside, chrome touches, etc. 

I've tried "The Original" Fried Chicken & Waffle Sandwich ($9.25) and it is an extra $4 more to add Waffle Fries (aka side) and a drink! 
Big, crispy, flavorful, juicy chicken breast in between a crunchy-on-the-outside-soft-on-the-inside, airy, light, Belgian waffle, topped with chili honey (salty & sweet goodness!) and cider slaw! I'm a sucker for fries so those were awesome too, but talk about carb-overload!

Service was fast and the workers were on top of everything! 

Really trying to find a reason to come back to try the Prosciutto & Swiss Sandwich, like ASAP! :P笑
I loved everything about this place. I had the original seasoned chicken, which is fried chicken with glazed chili honey. The chicken comes with a cheddar bacon waffle. On the side. The chicken was tender and seasoned so well besides the chili honey. The waffle was sweet and savory, I didn't even use syrup. I also tried the Irish nachos which are basically cheese fries. Those were amazing as well. I will definitely come back to this place!笑
Original chicken sandwich and Irish nachos were good but didn't like the temperature . Their Mac and cheese has potential but HATED the Buffalo cheese sauce . Really Buffalo sauce on Mac ? -Jasmar笑
This place is legit. Got the buffalo chicken waffle sammy with their own signature spiced cola. Win! There were a lot of other items I want to try so will have to come back soon.笑
This place is amazing. It is different with the waffle and chicken but it is a great different. we had it twice, I had the Nashville and it was amazing. It tastes like a way better chick Fila I highly recommend going here.笑
Received a gift card from bruxie came back to try it out again. The food was good. Waffles are crispy outside soft inside.  Chicken was delicious. We also ordered the creme brulé strawberry waffle, so flame! Good music, cool atmosphere. I definitely recommend you try.笑
The waffle nachos were hands down the best thing on the menu. I would skip the Mac and cheese it was very mediocre at best. We barely touched it. The Cobb salad and original waffle sandwich were also fire. Bring back the Poutine!笑
The food is good, the item I order only had 6 small pieces of chicken over waffle fires and chicken gravy. Chicken was great just wished there was a little more of it.

Their customer service on the other hand is awful. No one is listening to you and a lot of them bunch up on a corner looking at you while you waiting to be assisted. 

I had also order a "Freshly squeezed"  orange juice that they forgot to bring me. I went to the cashier to ask for it the lady at the cashier stared at me for a few minutes until I asked about my juice.  After a few minutes I see my orange juice sitting on the bar for about five minutes until I decided to ask again if some one wanted to hand me my juice. 

At the end the juice was not worth the time. Because it tasted bitter it wasn't really fresh.笑
poor customer service. They forget the dressing on a salad and then seemed really put out when I had to ask them to get it. We ordered waffle fries with some sort of cheese on it- nothing special. It was lukewarm and got cold very quickly. I had the Cobb salad and the eggs were overdone. I didn't have their waffles so I don't know about those.笑
Yep this place really  gets 5 1/2 stars from me. The place was clean and sorta of rustic looking. I had the Nashville with a side ceaser salad and strawberry lemonade.

The Nashville was DELICIOUS! I was not disappointed. It was a light flakey waffle topped with lettuce sauce and of course chucken. It was a bit spicy. Loved it! My ceaser salad was just ok. A bit too much dressing. Lemonade was good. 

I would come back in a heartbeat. Cant wait to visit vegas again just to eat here! I love the big fans on the ceiling.笑
welcome to Bruxie. This is a casual dining chicken and waffle joint just a short walk to T-mobile arena and just off the strip by NYNY and Monte Carlo. It is a good pre or after concert dinner spot that is fast and food is good. We stopped in on the way to a concert and wanted something fast and filling. We ordered the southern style tenders. There was a good portion and they were crisp and juicy. he sauce was good and added to the taste of the chicken. Only 3 stars due to how slow we got our food. 

Thank you for dining at Bruxie. We may go again, Food was reasonable it's fast casual so no real service to speak of. Give it a try if you are in area or goin to a concert or need to have something after. It's quick and casual笑
CHEAP EATS LAS VEGAS!!! 
I got the 2 pieces of chicken with waffle. Literally .. amazing. The chicken was moist and tender. The waffle had pieces of tiny things that were sweet.. I have no idea what they were. Bacon-cheddar waffles ... can I have this recipe ?! AHHHMAZING! 
A must try! There's also seating outside with a beautiful water-wall (a wall with water..), the trees have fairy lights and there's tables/chairs available.笑
Amazing...we had 8 people in our party and everyone loved it, so much we ate there the next day... great price for Vegas I had the Nutella sweet cream banana waffle and a large caramel latte and with tip it was less than $10... the girls all got free refills on their strawberry Iced tea... great service good price can't beat it;)笑
Sooooo yummy. Awesome concept and executed perfectly!! Saying you've had Waffle Sandwich before so no biggie is like saying the DD croissant donut is the same as a Dominique Ansel Cronut. Fast service, didnt have to wait long for my food. Everyone was polite and the facility was clean and not sticky which I imagine is no easy task with a syrup dispenser on site. Wish I had spotted them earlier in my trip! Good portions for the price and excellent brunch food for those of us who had a fun boozy night before and needs some good old hardy food after to soak up some of the day before.笑
Bruxie is a very nice establishment right out side the New York New York hotel and casino. I personally got the original Chicken and Waffle Sandwich and it was stellar. It came with amazing Cider Slaw and Chili Honey. They seasoned the chicken perfectly and it was also cooked perfectly. the cooks at Bruxie make the waffles by hand and I loved it. they have a counter where you can get syrup , ketchup, napkins, etc. overall I would definitely go there again.笑
I'll honestly say I wasn't impressed. There is such a hype about this place and I don't think they live up to it. I'm wondering if I expected too much that it wasn't satisfying. Regardless of my expectation, a good place is a good place and this is just not one of them. I ordered the green eggs and ham.  It was pretty good, but forgettable. I came with a pretty big group of people so I was able to try other items on the menu since we all shared. The rest of the orders that everyone else got were also just OK. I ordered the smores waffle for the kids, and they didn't even care too much for it. There was this lemon custard waffle dessert like dish with fruits... It was good but you can't eat too much of it because it gets too sweet. The strawberry lemonade was also disappointing; too sweet. The seasoned fries were hard and weren't very tasty. I most likely won't come back again and most likely won't recommend to friends and family.笑
One word: YUM!

Bruxie takes chicken and waffles and elevates it to the next level. The chicken is so perfectly juicy and crisp, and it comes out piping hot so you know it's really made to order. The waffle is a perfect compliment to the chicken. I had the buffalo waffle that was spicy but perfectly balanced by the slaw and bleu cheese. Their homemade sodas are just as delicious! Would definitely come back to try other things on the menu!笑
it was ok. theres a better chicken n waffle nearby. the chicken n waffle sandwhich has smaller almost flat piece of chicken breast  compared to fried chicken 3pcs. the waffle was crispy, actually too crispy for a waffle. the buffalo chicken waffle has a hint of spice. also ask for the syrup on the side so your chicken and waffle arent drench too much. sorry but its nothing special.笑
Bomb.com! 
I specifically chose this place because they have thin waffles just like Roscoes in LA! Hubby ordered the Nashville hot with fries and I (liking to keep it simple) got the waffle with chicken tenders. Really great meals for both of us, but honestly everything coming out of the kitchen looked delicious!笑
This is the first time I tried this place and the first time I am trying fired chicken pountine must say it was VERRRRRY GOOD I put the hot sauce and syrup mixed on it and it was even better笑
Huge portions and so good! We had the standard chicken and waffles and they were fantastic. My hubs had been to the Huntington Beach location before and I'm happy he suggested the Vegas spot while we were in town. 
They have the pure cane sugar sodas (which I don't need to drink but love them anyways). Service was quick and the staff were friendly.笑
Waffles!

This is quick dining done well. It's in New York, New York and moves crowds through. Grab a bite and enjoy a sunny day.

Were it me I'd have any of the chicken dishes but save room for fries because they are very good.笑
Ate here last weekend while I was in Vegas and it was MM MM GOOD. My hangover was like "yassss." I don't even remember what I had but it was chicken, maple syrup, and egg? It was DELICIOUS. Their chicken is super flavorful and juicy. Will definitely be back when I come back to Vegas (still recovering so maybe 2018?) haha go here!笑
I'm a big fan of deep fried chicken, but I'm an ever bigger fan of chicken with waffles. I've had some pretty delicious chicken and waffles before, however, this place does it very different. I was very appreciative of the sandwich style that they had at this restaurant. I absolutely love the perfectly made waffles and the perfectly fried chicken. Since I'm a heavy dipper, I love that they keep the sauce out so you can choose however much you want without continuously bothering the workers. I was also able to try the fries and the fried pickles - so good! It's very casual dining here. Super busy so you have to find a seat which might take a few minutes. I would recommend this place as it has delicious food for a reasonable price! I promise you'll be full by the time you're done with a meal!笑
I've been to multiple locations, and this one is just as good as the others. I had the bacon, egg, and cheese and a side of waffle fries on a recent trip to Vegas, and it was good, but the waffle was just sliiiightly dry. The bacon comes in chopped pieces, in case anyone cares about that. Their menu has really expanded since they first opened in CA so I think you are bound to find something that sounds appealing.笑
My brother was raving about their chicken tenders so I came with my brother to try it out on a Sunday evening in Dec.  The place was empty with a few people eating there. The menu changed because they don't serve chicken tenders anymore so I ordered 2 original chicken pieces with waffle $9 something. First, order your food at cashier, sit anywhere, and waitress will serve the food to you.   The place is not heated so bring your jacket. The chicken are boneless and seasoned well.  The waffle doesn't have a golden look like a regular waffle. Free water at the counter.  Lots of tables and chairs.  Park at NY NY Casino or Monte Carlo.  The menu is different from Orange County location.笑
Very nice atmosphere and super friendly/efficient service! The food was good, but definitely not worth the price. I tried their dessert sundae, (that was huge), the original chicken finger meal, and the chicken and waffle sandwich. The syrup has a very unique taste. The chicken fingers are quality; it's not all fatty. Another plus side is the location is in a nice area on the strip which is nice to walk around at after your meal.笑
Absolutely the best chicken n waffle sandwich I have ever eaten. My son and I having in Vegas for the past 5 days celebrating his 16th birthday. This by far has been our favorite spot,  and have already eaten here twice! From the waffle sandwich to the waffle fries they diffently  know what they're doing here.. By the way don't forget to try strawberry lemonade, delicious!笑
excellent first time experience. the Nashville style hot chicken met all of my high expectations coming from a food city Seattle. the service and kindness of the staff was exceptional. beer selection better than expected as well. great cincept.笑
Oh dear God, if you're going to have a food induced heart attack, might as well do it here! At least it will be worth it! I had the Holy Chicken and really didn't need to eat for the rest of the day after that! But you're in Vegas, so of course you will! Vacation calories don't count, right?! It was really perfect! All the flavors melded together to give my taste buds a flavor that was completely unique! I've never had friend chicken and waffles and I can see why they are a Southern favorite. My boyfriend got mad and started swearing at how unhealthy America was after we left! So, just be sure you're not coming here trying to be healthy! This is the place you come to indulge. It's easy to find as it's located at the entrance to The Park and New York, New York hotel and you don't have to walk through any casinos to access it. It's a fast food restaurant with a non-Vegas vibe. Total five stars food wise. Two starts for ambiance.笑
Three stars because, to be fair, fried food isn't exactly my first choice of cuisine but I do have to credit it for delicious finger-licking comfort food after a long night of clubbing in Vegas.

Very casual ambiance where people order at the front and then find seats in the back- luckily we were able to beat the lunch crowd 11am on Sunday and so we could get a seat inside.  

I went with the Original Fried Chicken and Waffle (my friends ordered another original sandwich and the Original Seasoned Fried Chicken and Waffle Skillet) and we decided to order Fried Chicken Poutine to share.  The sandwich is rather filling already, especially for one who tends to avoid food with a lot of grease.  I usually don't like spicy foods, but the chicken and waffle had a great sweet-and-spicy balance.  Chicken was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside (thank god) and the waffle was nice and crunchy!  The only complaint I had was that I literally took one bite of the sandwich and the waffle broke apart immediately and splattered sauce all over me... definitely a 5-napkin meal in my case.

First time trying poutine- absolutely delicious though it kinda was an overkill on top of everything else we ordered (three girls had a hard time finishing half of it)!  I know poutine is supposed to be very rich, and it was very hearty- just be prepared to completely pass out afterwards!  

If you are someone who loves fried food, has a hangover, or is completely willing to enter a food coma for the whole day, this is a good place to check out- not sure if it's necessarily the place for someone who is completely sober and prefers lighter meals.笑
Really like this place! Was skeptical at first thinking its one of those placess where people hype it up but it is overrated but it was a nice surprise to find out how good it was. The place is pretty spacious with inside and outside seatings, pretty friendly staff and decent service for a walk up and order kind of place. 

The sandwiches we tried were pretty good and not very expensive for being on The Strip. We got Buffalo Blue Cheese, Carolina BBQ Pulled Pork, and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken. All three were really good, the chicken was fried perfectly crispy, the lettuce and pickle cooled the tastebuds against the chili honey and the hot fried chicken. 

The idea of chicken and waffle is nothing new, but the ingredients they use tasted fresh and the various options to choose from are very nice, you can get a sandwich, a salad, or sweet waffle treats. Fun place to check out!笑
Cool, hip little joint serving waffle sandwiches, fries, and shakes. They are located along the Strip, next to the New York New York hotel casino & across from the MGM Grand. They offer a fair amount of indoor seating.

My husband and I stopped by for brunch during the weekday. It was surprisingly not very busy, although by lunch time, a line had developed. This location, like others, is self-serve; you order at the counter & the waitstaff will bring your food out.

Food was delicious - we HIGHLY recommend getting the creme brulee waffle with seasonal fruit. It's to die for. As always, attentive & friendly service as well. Pricing is reasonable and on the lower end for its location.

Definitely worth checking out at least once.笑
Waffle, egg and bacon sandwich was good but the egg was wayyyy over salted. Good coffee笑
A crisp, golden brown, airy, light waffle with just the right chew.  Be it dripping with warm maple syrup, topped with fruits, preserves, jams, and whipped cream, or as a bun for a perfectly seasoned boneless chicken breast, spicy BBQ Chicken, California club, pulled pork roasted turkey, pastrami and Swiss, roasted mushrooms and goat cheese.... wait, what were we talking about?

Bruxie, the Cali born waffle joint has made it to Vegas.  And yes, it is as good as expected.

Outstanding, with no sweetness.  Nothing get's in the way of making a great waffle.  The Naked with cinnamon sugar or maple syrup the perfect way to whet the palate.

In general, the consistency of the waffles hold up well to the "wet" fillings with their outer layer maintaining the crispness.  

For breakfast, the prosciutto and Swiss, oozing with melted Swiss cheese and a fried egg, all kinds of good eats. A generous smear of whole grain mustard cuts the richness of the yolk perfectly.  Sub sage spiced breakfast sausage and cheddar and you get a solid country sausage and egg breakfast sandwich, equally tasty.

Of course, chicken and waffles.  Take an aggressively seasoned, not too heavily coated,  deep fried, crisp on the outside, juicy on the inside boneless chicken breast, give it some sweet heat (chili honey) and top it with some cider slaw.  Calories and fat aside, oh yeah!  For something that will make your head tilt like a confused dog, try the roasted mushroom and goat cheese.  Sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese, arugula, lemon vinaigrette and a balsamic reduction in a waffle?  It works and well.

Friendly service.  Prices are what they are.  Expect to pay $10 for any "sandwich".

A great fast food option for the frenetic Strip.笑
A Great find in Vegas.  After a Short walk from our hotel, we found "The Park" between New York, NY and Monte Carlo near the T-Mobile arena, this is not to be confused with the Beer Park in front of Paris Hotel.  When we arrived there was a short line, we ordered at the counter and our food was delivered.  I ordered the Hot Nashville Chicken Waffel sandwich and I added an egg to it.  I was very pleased with the quality and taste of the food.笑
We have been to a couple bruxies in SoCal. So once the one in Vegas opened we had to visit. The Lv location is by far the nicest. 

I always ask employees what's their favorite one. I've tried plenty. My fav so far is the bruxie burger with BBQ sauce. An employee recommended the pastrami and Swiss. I loved it too. I've tried plenty and nothing is not good. Next time I want to try the Nashville hot.

The crisscut fries and excellent as well. I didn't like the buffalo fries but my brother loved it. I really enjoy the cheese fries with added sriracha. 

Serivce is excellent as always and btw if your reading this order the strawberry lemonade! It's free refills are a plus but the drink is AMAZING! 

The location is perfect. I will back to visit real soon.笑
Awesome service. Awesome waffle. The egg in sandwich is amazing. 

Love it! Will surely visit again when back to Vagas.

We had crispy chicken sandwich & holy chicken sandwich.笑
Bruxie was really good! Large portions, and you get exactly what you came for... Chicken and Waffles. I had the skillet and it was delicious.笑
This place is amazing! They have very reasonable prices for the strip & the food is great! 
The green eggs & ham is yummy if you like pesto.
You also can't go wrong with Nutella & bananas!
And the OJ is fresh squeezed!
This is my new go to for breakfast on the strip!笑
What s great place in the heart of The Park. The waffles didn't taste heavy or too bready, they were very light and crispy. I can't imagine them being better! Can't wait to go back and try the savory bites.笑
By far the best chicken and waffle place I've been to, waffle could be "denser" but it was actually perfect for the sandwich I got. I got the original and the chicken was amazing! It wasn't dry whatsoever and the seasoning was perfection. I also got the creme brûlée sweet waffles which were good! A little pricey for my tastes and portion size but still somewhere to try笑
You know how Denny's tastes good when you're drunk? I can only imagine that's what this place is like and why it has such a high rating. My other half got The Whole Chicken sandwich. There aren't many vegetarian options but I got the mushroom and goat cheese salad sandwich, which would have been a pretty decent salad. I'm not entirely sure why they needed to put it in a waffle. And then we both shared the appetizer plate of cheese fries (without the bacon). Once we finished, we felt sick the rest of the night - similar to how you feel after eating White Castle. It's just greasy food that has the novelty of being in a waffle. So if you're drunk, have at it. Otherwise, I'm going to pass.笑
Casual and very reasonable for the LV strip. I had the 2 piece fried chicken and waffles which were awesome and my hubby had a sausage, egg and cheese on waffle sandwich. We both had fresh squeezed OJ which was yummy. Staff was very friendly, even the gentleman bussing the tables.笑
As an absolute lover of chicken and waffles I'm pretty picky about what I'll deem exceptional and Bruxie's is just that! I ordered the original chicken and waffle sandwich and requested the sauce on the side so I could try it with individually with their signature sauce but also with the syrup. Note: syrup not needed cause their sauce is 100% on point! The chicken was cooked with just the right amount of crispiness and that right amount of good grease you need for this dish. Also the waffle was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside just as it should be. To drink I had their cherry cola which selling point here is that everything in their store is an in house production no 'name brands' all their own unique creations.  Everything paired extraordinarily well and the guest service was one of the best I have ever had!  I will most definitely be back at Bruxie's the next time I am in Vegas!笑
There are already many good reviews of the food, so I'm just going to comment about the thing that took us back 2 days in a row. There was a phenomenal young man, Andre, working here that is all that is right with an employee. He took incredible pride in his work and was one of the most respectful young men I have ever met. He made our dining experience that much better. Although I did not have a great deal of interaction with other employees, it seemed that this was the norm. We had a wonderful dining experience, not just because of the great food.笑
Omg!! I don't write reviews (although I check always). I stumbled upon this place while showing a friend the strip. AMAZING!!! 6 of us ate all different things, everything yum. Of course mine was the best, 2pc chicken and bacon cheddar waffle. The BOMB!! Nashville, original, and Holy were other faves. Customer service great. Go. Just Go!!!笑
Nashville Hot Chicken Waffle is the BEST! Better than the original if you like a little kick. You must order some Chicken Poutine fries too! Must have in Vegas, a must have!笑
First time trying fried chicken and waffles and now I know what the hype is all about. I'm glad we decided to try it at this restaurant as well! Their choices of items on waffles was vast and the price wasn't too bad compared to other on the strip restaurants. At first, we ordered the nutella and banana on a waffle, super good and the waffles are freshly made. The only thing I would suggest is to leave the sweet cream off, that way you can really taste the nutella more. On the way back to our hotel, we just had to stop in again to try the original chicken and waffle. The chicken was nice and juicy inside despite being fried and it has a little kick to it. Great flavor which left you wanting more. I wish they had the place on Jersey!  Staff were very friendly as well. The have indoor and outdoor seating with a live band who performs outside if your lucky.笑
Just ate here a moment ago and had some very awesome chicken strips ! They were so temder and moist with the perfect coating . Along with the strips came waffle fries and i ordered a strawberry lemonade that was perfect to quench the thirst ! The service was great too ... can't wait to come back .笑
Phenomenal! Food was so frigging good! The fried chicken was perfect! Especially when you can get a juicy piece of breast meat. Sofas were great too. Naturally sweetened so there's a candy like taste to it!笑
This place was great. The service is especially amazing as they open the door for you and your waiter always checks up on you every 5 minutes or so to see if you need anything. The sausage egg cheese waffle was delicious and cheap for only 7$. I would highly recommend to try it because it fills you up and the waffles are a million times better than regular ones.笑
In a city like Vegas where nobody is short on ideas these guys managed to innovate and come up with one of the best ideas ever. Serving chicken in a waffle seems scary at first because I always associated them with sweet 'toppings'. Decided to go with the Nashville Chicken. It was absolutely delicious. Fried to perfection featuring an extra crunchy exterior and a tender juicy interior. Another really nice detail are the waffle shaped fries. Make sure you check them out while in Vegas.

I've already been 3 times in 1 week and I can't get enough. The second time I went I ordered the classic chicken skillet. It was good, I can't complain but my absolute favorite is the Nashville chicken. 3rd time I had it as strips with the waffle cut fries - absolutely mouthwatering. Have a meal here, seriously, you won't regret it!

Please open a restaurant in SF - I'll be your #1 client - that's a promise!笑
Came here for brunch and went for the original chicken and waffle sandwich with waffle fries and their own diet cola.  Line up at the counter to order and they'll bring your food to you.  Everything was brand new.  The dining room was very casual and featured pounding dance music.  By the time I got my sandwich, the cole slaw had pretty much dripped off the chicken and on to the tray.  The syrup wasn't maple, and it had a sweet and very slight hot kick to it.  I must say that the waffle sandwich was pretty tasty.  The fries were good.  The original diet cola wasn't all that tasty.  You can also get a serving of fruit as a side and that was very tasty.  

The guy working the dining room was constantly going from table to table asking if we needed anything and getting it for us.  More soda, forks, knives, napkins?  No problem.  He was constantly in motion and gave us the best service we had on this Vegas trip.笑
This waffle changed my life. I got the Korean friend chicken waffle and it was !! That means awesome in koreannnn!!!! It was soooo good. The kimchi was like not the best but honestly, you can't have powerful kimchi with this delicious waffle. The waffle itself was mediocre but again, it's all about stacking the flavors. The fried chicken itself was sooooo bomb!!!!! I would absolutely come back again. Actually I just may have to!!笑
The food here is absolutely delicious, I'm definitely going to be a frequent visitor since I'm a local.
The guy that was helping me and my friend was friendly, his name was Derick. You guys made a great choice hiring that positive and happy soul!笑
Delicious and very casual atmosphere. Staff is energetic and very attentive. Andre gave us excellent service. You will not have to break the bank to eat here. Appears like the line is out the door often but the line moves fast. A must try.笑
TL;DR: Amazing waffles, I would go with the Original Fried Chicken and Waffle. Imho, not worth the price, but definitely should be experienced once!

First of all, parking for the Park complex was complicated for me (as is all parking in Vegas) because there is no designated parking for "The Park". Or at least, I couldn't find any. I just parked in New York New York, but still had to walk quite a bit to get there. (Note: Don't valet; do self-parking. Valet costs $13 here....?!?!?! Costs more than the waffles..)

The waffles themselves are one of the best! I got the Original, which was amazing! Not worth the price in my opinion, but tastes really good. The waffle fries are overpriced; just get them from Chick-Fil-A. I also got the bare waffles, which were good on their own! My mom got the lemon cream (?) and berries. It was overly sweet. I am a huge fan of lemon curd, but wow I swear my teeth were forming cavities while I took a bite. The waffles were also soggy from the curd... So I wouldn't recommend this one unless you've got an immense sweet tooth. 

Service was slow, but I understand that good food sometimes takes time. Overall a decent experience. :)笑
We stopped in on the second day the park opened. It was on a Tuesday morning, so there was not much of a crowd. Be ready for all the construction if you go during the day. They are still constructing a theater directly across from the park.

We tried the original Chicken & Waffle sandwich and the Roasted Mushroom & Grilled Chicken Salad. Both were excellent.

You walk in and you order at a counter, as you would at any fast food establishment. Once you order you are given a pager that will vibrate when your order is ready. The server brings your food to you. The servers looked like they were having trouble finding the customers when their orders were ready. They might want to fine tune the order delivery system. I would suggest having the customers pick up their order when the pager is activated.

The salad was very good. It had roasted crimini mushrooms, grilled chicken breast, sun-dried tomatoes, goat cheese, romaine, and arugula. The dressing was a lemon and balsamic vinaigrette.

The waffle was very light and crispy and it was folded in half with a good sized piece of fried boneless chicken breast on top of cider slaw. The chicken was seasoned well and I think I liked it with the slaw instead of with syrup. It was a nice change from the sweet syrup you usually get on chicken and waffles. Very tasty!!!

I will definitely be back if I am in the area. I recommend you stop in. You won't be disappointed.笑
Well I'm stuffed!!! This spot has good fresh food and yummy milkshakes to wash it down. While waiting online we were given a custard sample that was Delilah and convinced me to order a shake nice a think but not too thick it hurts your cheeks to slurp it up ! Had the southern BBQ sandwich very tasty and the Irish nachos. They were not shy with the cheese sauce I just could of appreciated the waffle fries to be a bit crunchier since putting cheese on it and stuff. Overall yumm!!!笑
Great service. Food came out exceptionally fast even during what seemed like a rush of customers. Parking will be a pain being a local with the T-Mobile Arena not having its own parking.笑
So good! My boyfriend visited Bruxie a month ago, and hadn't stopped badgering me to try it myself. We went this past weekend and my tastebuds were pleasantly satisfied! I went with the chicken and waffles, which is topped with cabbage and some sort of spicy-syrup deliciousness. The waffle and chicken were equally crunchy and yummy. The waffle fries were cooked to perfection, although someone may have gotten a little carried away with the salt, but it didn't deter me from finishing the entire thing. The strawberry lemonade was also amazing. Definitely not fast food preparation or pricing, but the quality is well worth the extra bucks! I'll definitely be visiting again.笑
The original chicken sandwich is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted. Perfectly seasoned lightly fried chicken, airy yet crispy waffle, refreshing cole slaw and chili honey drizzled all over. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.笑
So, I had found Bruxie on Yelp before I left for Vegas & had it bookmarked. I knew I really wanted to try it. We were staying at NYNY so it was a quick 5 minute walk to get to. I loved the decor and the open air feel of the restaurant. Perfect for a lunch. Great window seats for people watching. 

The service was super friendly & gave me some great suggestions for my first time. I ordered the classic Chicken & Waffle, my husband ordered a Sausage/Egg/Cheese waffle, and we ordered the Lemon Cream with Berries to share. Because, why not?!?! (also get the strawberry lemonade, it's amazing!) 

My chicken and waffle was a new experience for me! It was SO GOOD. It had cabbage and a really yummy sauce on it. The berries with the lemon cream was pretty much unbelievable. Even my husband wanted to go back the next day for another one! haha! 

When we were getting ready to leave they offered free refills on the lemonade so that was nice! I will definitely be back here! I want to try pretty much everything on the menu! 

Great work Bruxie, you are one of my new Vegas favs!笑
It's quick and it's easy! The service is excellent, waiters came around to check for refills and the turnover is great. Though it's pretty much order at the counter and sit where you please, I loved how the employees still came around to check how everything is!笑
The food was very good. I had the egg cheese and bacon waffle sandwich. Waffles are crispy but not sweet. I bet they'd be even better if they were a little sweet. Waffle fries are some of the best I have had in a long time. Service was super fast and friendly. Great spot to grab something quick!笑
I love Bruxies! When I moved here from San Diego I was praying that they would open one here and they did! The lady upfront was super nice. And I felt like I was back home. Only downfall was that I ordered the original chicken and waffles and my waffle was soggy like it was old and it wasn't too hot. I mean I it still tasted good I just was a little disappointed that it wasn't as fresh as back home was and how I'm used to Bruxie. Everyone that worked there though we're super friendly!笑
So we passed this place on our way to the NY NY..we weren't hungry at the time, but as we came back around we decided to give it a shot..IT WAS SOOOOO GOOD I had to post it on fb for everybody who was in Vegas for the FFL games to see and try it out. I got the buffalo chicken waffle and a Hefeweizen. OMG I was in heaven! my bf got the syrup skillet. He loved his too. I wish we had one in Salt Lake! Will definitely be back when in Vegas! Oh and I hope you were able to get that flood in the kitchen controlled. You did an amazing job trying to maintain it, given your situation!笑
Great food in a great location! The waffle sandwiches are extraordinary. Will definitely stop back when back in the area!笑
First stop we chose on our first day in Vegas! I ordered the Nashville Hot and my boyfriend ordered the BBQ waffle sandwich. The cashier was very friendly in recommending options to us, and there are free refills on drinks! FYI STRAWBERRY LEMONADE! My boyfriend went for the Arnold palmer and had instant regrets about not getting the lemonade but you can switch them out. Food took a little bit to come, but there are constantly people checking on you and asking to refill your drinks. I was disappointed with my sandwich as I'm all for spicy (which given the name I was told it was going to be) but it was far from anything hot. Halfway through our sandwiches, the flavor for both of us got boring and bland which we ended up not finishing. The BBQ sandwich was packed with sweet BBQ flavor and I kind of wished I got that one instead. The waffle fries ended up getting hard as we finished and by the end of it we didn't even finish those either. For the price and it being in Vegas, pretty average for us. We would really come back only to try the original sandwich.笑
Nashville, smore waffle, ballast point. Outdoor seating, great views, very affordable and delicious笑
The BBQ chicken sandwich was pretty good. It's only here until March 7th. I like the way that the waffle isn't sweet, this way it doesn't overpower the other ingredients on the sandwich. Now the Nashville hot chicken tenders...mmmmm mmm mmm! I paired it with the chili honey drizzle sauce and it was perfect. Sweet with some spice, and everything was nice. The chicken was tender with a crispy outside.笑
Thr line was medium-lonh, but moved quickly. Very active place, but food was delicious. I got the backyard BBQ Sandwich and liked it. But if you're in the mood for desert or a sweet breakfast, their Nutella and Banana Waffle was rich and delicious.笑
Nice take on chicken and waffles--a really delicious sandwich. Pour on the syrup and you're ready to eat!笑
Tried this place again after a bad experience earlier this year. Food was much better. Friend ordered turkey sandwich on the waffle, and this time it was not dry burned or broke apart. I ordered the chicken tenders that were very juicy. The waffle fries that came with my chicken tenders were dry. Pure cane sugar sodas made there were very sweet, and you get free refills. The prices are unfortunately strip expensive and I don't believe worth almost $10 for a sandwich that does not come with french fries, Or for chicken tenders with dry waffle fries. No other customers in the store, but never had a manager or other server come to the table to ask how everything was or see if a sofa refill was needed (like they did on my last visit)笑
Awesome concept and good waffles. I love the idea that I can pour syrup on my sandwich. Palmer was too bitter for me, but the servers switched it right our. Great service! Fun place!笑
The waffles were on the perfect side of Belgium: Light and fluffy with right amount of crisp! 

The chicken was so juicy with their signature sauce as a compliment: not overwhelming!笑
Tasty and crispy waffles! The food is pretty good and the service is excellent. Good, quick and relatively cheap eat on the strip.  Try the legit strawberry lemonade. Free refills!笑
Originally a restaurant from Orange, CA that has expanded greatly and now hit the strip - this is a great faster stop to get fried chicken and waffles in a fun and new location and building. Although I came in the winter cold, I suspect in the summer this place will be even more amazing once they open the garage-door style windows.

Food is wonderful, and on par with the LA location at which I've eaten.  I split the following:

Lemon Creme and Berries (Dessert) Waffle -- this is great, but tart so prepare yourself for that. It's an adorable waffle sandwich filled with lemon creme and... raspberries(!).  

Original Seasoned Crispy Chicken Tenders (comes with Waffle Fries) -- A classic fried chicken tender.  We asked for a side of the chili honey sauce to pour over as if our chicken was the original with bones... but had instead opted for the one that would be easier to eat.  The skin is crispy, the chicken juice, and finger-licking good.

Strawberry Lemonade -- Sugary, oh my.  But great to drink with the rest of the salty and sweet food we'd ordered. Also FREE REFILLS. Insert love eye emoji here.

An easy stop located on the outside of NYNY (more North from the standard entrance). Go on, you know you want to go.笑
Yes Yes and YES!!!

One Stop shop for either breakfast, hangover, if you're craving for a crunchy salty bite with a bit of protein. YES

It's a bit tight inside to be prepared to sit outside. But it's all good for most of the year i.e: spring summer. It has a nice central park feel being next to new york new york.

I got the Original fried chicken and waffle sammy and was so impressed that it wa not greasy and the crunchiness is so heavenly. The breading was just the right amount and it was seasoned every bit was nommyness. The chicken was cooked and juicy and tender and that's coming from someone who does not prefer to eat chicken (because duck all the way quack!)

MUST TRY! RIGHT STAT NOW!笑
Just saw this place in Vegas and wanted to give it a try! We had the original chicken and waffles with the spicy syrup. The hand crafted drinks are great!  The spiced cola reminds me of Dr Pepper. Very fast service!笑
Was excited to see what the hype was about, the place itself is nice and relaxing. love how its really open.  pretty chill with some good music playing. Tried the Original Chicken and Waffle and Mac n Cheese, the chicken was pretty good but Mac n Cheese wasnt so special. 

Some of the staff's service was just bad vibes. FOUND A HAIR in my mac n cheese after a couple a bites, told the nearest worker about but she just looked at me as if it wasnt a concern. She came back with another plate of MnC said sorry but honestly it wasnt even genuine. Pretty sure not all of them are like that, told another employee Derek about the situation but was glad he cared about our satisfaction and truly gave an apology.笑
Stumbled upon Bruxie while walking in front of New York, New York, and so glad we did. The chicken and waffle sandwich was so awesome I had to order a second one. Highly recommend. Wish there were one closer to where I live!笑
Was looking for an easy brunch option, and found Bruxie. Really great chicken and waffles on the Vegas strip! I ordered "The Original" with fries and a strawberry lemonade. The chicken was juicy and packed with flavor, and the lemonade is a must!笑
I came here with the expectation of "the best fried chicken I've ever had" and left the restaurant completely disappointed and utterly speechless. IT WAS THE WORST CHICKEN AND WAFFLES I'VE EVER HAD. Maybe the main chef was sick on the day I went? I have no idea as my chicken was neither tasty nor crispy! Hello Bruxie... the chicken from a chicken and waffle is suppose to be crispy, not soggy af and tasteless. But oh.. the waffle was super hard and dry and crunchy though...a cost of $10 a waffle is not enough for you guys to buy milk and put a sufficient amount of it into your waffle batter? Seriously... if you want better chicken and waffles.... walk down to hash house a go go, this place is NOT worth your $$, your time, nor your stomach space.笑
Take away the location, the view and the novelty of The Park, and all you are left with is an overpriced meal. I'll be honest, I had great hopes and expectations for this place, but my experience really took a turn to negative town, and then sped down that road, from the very beginning. Wanna hear more? Read on...

We got to the restaurant and the greeting was not much different than that I get at McDonalds. It was literally a "NEXT" cattle call to get to register. And that is when the fun started. I ordered a chicken finger meal with a strawberry lemonade and my girlfriend ordered a cobb salad with a Chardonnay. Sadly, what they call a Chardonnay on the menu, was actually a Pino Grigio (written right on the bottle), and the poorly-trained cashier kept insisting they were the same thing. I don't blame him for the mixup, I blame management. 

Anyways, we were given a pager and told to sit anywhere we wanted to and the meal would come to us. We waited for what seemed like 10 minutes to receive my lemonade and then another 7 minutes for my food. Now, I do not mind waiting for good food to be served, but I did mind waiting that long to get an overlay sweetened strawberry lemonade and food that is very comparable to Jack-in-the-Box or Popeye's chicken. The fried chicken on both plates was half seasoned, borderline burned, and on the dry,  so it was nothing to write home about. In particular, the Cobb salad wasn't good nor visually appealing... tomato chucks were too big, the bacon had a stale taste and texture to it and the lettuce was straight out of a bag (I saw them refilling their salad station when we were leaving).

Like i said earlier, I really wanted the experience to be good. So, to make sure I left no proverbial stone unturned, I also ordered their Mac and Cheese which truly looked scrumptious. Unfortunately, that was yet another let down. They serve their Mac and Cheese in a cast iron skillet...but that is only for show. I thought they baked the dish in the oven (in the cast iron skillet) to melt the cheese, but they do not. In fact, the 'cheese' was gritty (a sure sign it was made with powered cheese), a bit on the cold side and under seasoned... not good.

Lastly, the appearance of the staff for it being such a new restaurant, left much to be desired. Uniforms are disheveled, and the staff is comprised of a bunch of teenagers who seem to be running the place. Want some delicious fried chicken? Keep walking because you will not find it here.笑
By far the best fried chicken waffle sandwich! Super crispy crust, juicy chicken.. yummm.. Hubby tried the nashville style Hot chicken! He totally loved it. Nutella and banana waffle was amazing too! You MUST stop here if you're on the strip.笑
Great location in The Park to serve future hockey fans visiting the arena. The concept of serving mainly chicken and waffle sandwiches is unique and well executed. Service with a smile and very fast turn times on the food. The buffalo bleu and chicken waffle sandwich might be the best thing I've ever tasted. Will be back again soon!笑
Ordered the original chicken and waffles for my boyfriend and the Nashville chicken and waffles for myself. The waffles are crispy and not fluffy, but it's a nice change. The original chicken and waffles were better in both our opinions. Got strawberry lemonade. Keep in mind, you're not to serve yourself the strawberry lemonade!!! My mistake. The chicken was perfectly cooked in both. The fries that we added were perfect. The best fries in a while. Nice atmosphere. There's a huge fan in the dining area which kept the room cool during the hot summer.笑
A STANDOUT AMONG THE MYRIAD STOREFRONTS
The Las Vegas strip is a maze of colossal elevated casinos buoyed by countless restaurants and convenience stores littering the ground floors like names on the Stanley Cup. It's impossible to pick a gem among the dross without research. Bruxie rewarded my efforts.

EFFICIENT ORDERING, OUTSTANDING SERVICE
Unlike Shake Shack the menu at Bruxie is fairly simple and quick for the unschooled to understand. The pleasant cashiers expedite deftly. I clocked a crowd of 60 processed in 11 minutes. And, in super friendly Las Vegas, the helpful attitude among the staff was by far the best out of my week long experiences. 

STICK TO "THE ORIGINAL"
A huge chicken and waffle (I opted for spicy) seasoned with tangy cider slaw, slathered in a unique chili honey: $12. 

...and free refills!笑
Fried #Chicken #Waffle sandwich from Bruxie #LasVegas . This place is total hype. But I can see why people dig it. Crispy #friedchicken with sweet slaw and a light crisp waffle for bread. The texture and flavor combinations are all there. But when you produce certain foods for mass consumption, it's way too hard to keep quality standards #high . And then it's only tasty if your high. If this dish was made to order it would have probably been #phenomenal . But you get what you pay for. I can't hate on them for fulfilling the masses.笑
Love Love Love Bruxie! I'm so glad I stumbled on this place, THANKS YELP! Located at the lobby level, outside "The Park" entrance part of the New York New York hotel and across the MGM, nestles this little place. I did not expect it to be take-out, but not take-out. So you walk-in and order it like a regular take-out place. You sit anywhere you'd like and your server will deliver your food to your table. So helpful and like regular dining service, they checks on us if we'd like more water (even tho self served) if we were okay (which we were) and to take our empty plates (which went full to empty real fast.)

Interior is pretty divey and hip with their brick walls and gorgeous view of the strip/terrace area. You can choose either high tops, benches, or lower shared tables. 

We were served our food so beautifully crafted and definitely worthy of pictures. 

-BUTTERMILK FRIED CHICKEN & WAFFLES: WOW, an original-tender and crispy chicken in a waffle sandwich topped with some good honey chilli sauce and slaw. I wanted to eat the whole thing, but needed to save room for the...

-CHEESE WAFFLE FRIES: What you would expecet, waffles fries with cheese on top served in a mini skillet. So cute! And yes, it was great!

-BUTTERMILK FRIED CHICKEN COB: THIS. The next time I would go back to Vegas, I would definitely come back for this. It's regular cobb salad with avocado, egg, greens, and tomato BUT topped with their fried chicken specialty. Kind of healthy, but certainly flavorful! My anti-salad boyfriend even enjoyed it.

and for dessert....

-LEMON CREAM & BERRIES: The waffle was so good and so was the cream! Maybe to tarte and sweet for me.

-STRAWBERRY PALMER: Flavor is more lemonade and less tea.

I would love to come back and try their other fried chicken entrees!笑
Bruxie is a good place to visit on the Strip! It's a little more than just a chicken samndwich place. Your chicken comes on a waffle! And you can get a combo with waffle fries! The Original chicken sandwich was really good-I definitely ate all of it, along with my waffle fries! The service was nice and fast. I enjoyed my strawberry lemonade as well!笑
Friendly staff good music playing but they did take a bit long to make my food and it was kind of dead kind of expensive too but overall it was aight笑
I had the Original Seasoned Chicken & Waffle Skillet. It has tenders and chicken breast and it's amazing!!! Well worth the price. It doesn't come with a side because it's a lot of food but I ordered the cheesy fries and they were good as well. I definitely recommend this meal with the Palmer drink. It's Strawberry lemonade with ice tea mixed in.笑
What can I say about the food that hasn't already been said...it's GREAT...but what really makes Bruxie a stand out spot is Customer Service.
The friendly and attentive staff earns this 4 star food establishment the coveted 5th Star.
A must if you find yourself near the NEW Tmobile Arena.笑
Great option for the NYNY area, good food, decent prices, great service, a little harder to find.

Went twice and will be back (as well as finding the OC/LA locations).笑
BRUXIE - VEGAS - @THE PARK - (South of Monte Carlo, North of NY NY and just East of the T-Mobile arena) Casual dining. Good price point for a quality, hot meal. Great for breakfast, lunch, brunch, dinner or late night. Fun dining experience. Accommodating staff.

This is one of those restaurants where you place your order at the register, grab your flatware and condiments, and they run drinks and food to your table with one of those buzzers. If seating is limited, take your order to go and sit outside on the orange chairs. (PS: Those vibrating buzzer don't reach the orange chairs. We asked.)

Drumroll please, now for the FOOD! Hubs had the Classic Chicken and Waffle sandwich with homemade slaw on it. I had the Buffalo Blue Chicken and Waffle sandwich with a celery and carrot slaw. WE LOVED IT! The waffles were light, airy and just buttery enough without being greasy. A little thinner than a Belgian waffle and better! Chicken was seasoned nice. Great taste. Crisp and still juicy. As for the waffles fries, wished we asked for them crispy. But no big deal. Just a little soft but we were really there for the Chix & Waffs, right?  

We will be back. Maybe we'll order two sandwiches each. We enjoyed them that much!笑
Awesome food and really affordable . Skip Starbucks for your coffee because it's cheaper and tastes way better plus you can get a waffle at the same time.笑
Perfectly light, fluffy and crispy waffles with a menagerie of toppings. Calm but refreshingly energetic ambiance on The Strip. Happy cashiers greeting you. The high praise for this place is not wrong-I can attest to that, sitting in it right now with Mom. We're thrilled we chose Bruxie for our lunch time getaway.

Whether you're in the mood for something sweet or hearty, this Bruxie and its cheerful staff will fix you right up.笑
On the first day of arriving in Vegas, we arrived just around lunch time. Since we were staying at the Monte Carlo, we decided to venture out to the Park and look around. This place was pretty crowded and looked promising so we decided to give it a try.

I've always been a fan of chicken and waffles so it started off on a good note. We ordered the original fried chicken and waffles and the original seasoned chicken tenders and fries. The staff was super friendly and the food came out rather quickly. 

The chicken was seasoned superbly. Not too salty nor bland. The batter was super crispy and the chicken was perfect. Not dry at all. The chicken had a lot of flavor as well. 

The waffles were thin and on the crispier side. They weren't dry at all however. They managed to be fluffy as well. Not too dense. It was pretty good.

The fries were not too special. Just regular fries. They were good.

If I ever come to Vegas again, I am definitely going to hit up this place.笑
Bruxie has the only damn affordable and delicious food on the strip. I was so happy with my breakfast creme brulee waffle (only $6.50!) and the bite of my wife's original, that I returned for dinner that night. The crispy waffle and perfectly fried and seasoned chicken, the fresh slaw, and jizz-your-pants amazing syrup sauce all rocked my world. And that was just the "original!" Don't waste your money on crap buffet food if you're anywhere near this place.笑
My mom and I went here after reading the reviews on Yelp. If you are looking for a thick, fluffy, waffle, that is not what you will get here. The waffles are very light and airy and almost too thin for the sandwiches. They broke in half when trying to bend it and eat the entrée like a sandwich. I ordered the breakfast sausage sandwich and it was pretty dry. The only thing I liked about it was the sausage and the syrup which were very good. It was okay to try, but I won't be coming back in the future.笑
This was the best meal that we had in Vegas! We stumbled upon this gem while browsing Yelp for a good breakfast/brunch spot. It was only about a 15 min walk from our hotel so we decided to give it a try. When we arrived the line was out the door and we contemplated going next door to Shake Shack instead but I'm so happy we decided to wait! My boyfriend and I both got the Holy Chicken! and shared an order of the Angry Mac & Cheese. The sandwiches were amazing! The chicken was seasoned well, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The combination of flavors from the sunny side egg, sriracha mayo, and saltiness from the bacon all meshed perfectly. I also added a little syrup which gave it a hint of sweetness. The waffle was also nice and crispy without being overdone. The mac & cheese was soooo good. There was a hint of spice from the buffalo sauce but nothing overwhelming. It was nice and creamy plus you can never go wrong anytime you add bacon to mac. For drinks we got the strawberry lemonade and added a shot of vodka for $5. Yes, I know it was breakfast but hey we were in Vegas....

The meal was so good that we thought about it our entire trip and wanted to go back before we left but ended up running out of time :( Hopefully we can visit another location during a future trip. This would be great in The Flats in Cleveland *hint hint*.笑
How in the world did this place get it's rating???  OK for those who were fooled like we were, they do not serve actual pieces of chicken!   They pound their white meat chicken into what they call chicken tenders (aka a big fat piece of chicken filet pattie) and they make it look like pieces of actual fried chicken.

This place sucked!笑
love this place i will go here every time i go to vegas ( wish y'all would open one up in the bay area ) the chicken is amazing and the waffle with the bacon and sugar stuff in it is to die for笑
Great place for a quick, relatively cheap and above average breakfast on the Strip.  Go before 10 on Saturday for virtually no wait. By 10:30 a line was forming.    Added bonus: their coffee was pretty damn good.笑
Came in on a Sunday morning. There was no wait at about 10:30 am. This is right on the strip and yummy! 

Service and food was awesome. We passed several places with love wait​s and were really happy we came here.笑
Located on the outside of the New York New York hotel, this is a counter service restaurant. Their specialty is waffles. Waffles as sandwich parts (which they offer several types), waffles as dessert and waffles all alone. They carry more natural sodas, instead of the expected Coke or Pepsi products. A surprising change, from the average counter service restaurants. Worth checking out.笑
What was going to be a 1-star review quickly became a 5 star review... we ordered an original (chicken and waffle sandwich). We watched others get their food and my husband was growing more and more grouchy at the fact we didn't have ours and those that ordered after us got theirs. He got up, inquired about his food, and came back. The next thing you know they arrived with a refund as an apology and not one, but two chicken sandwiches. The sandwiches were really good. The service became amazing. And I left with a happy husband.笑
Nice people, friendly service! Both the chicken and waffles were amazing. I like how the chicken had a honey glaze over it. We strolled by on our last trip, and decided to visit Bruxie. Great decision! We had their lemonade as well and it was very delicious. Definitely want to go back on our next trip to Vegas!笑
The food here is so good it's a must do... The cashier is beautiful and the guy dre  that comes and check on you was the best he was on top of everything and made sure everything was good the spot is a go to thanks Yelp.......笑
God damn what a disappointment.

I ordered the chicken tenders w/ waffle fries, fried pickles, and the mac n cheese. Sounds like I'll have a solid meal, but my tenders came out cold as fuck. It must have been sitting out while the other stuff was getting made, but that's not my fault when I'm paying them for a good meal. The fried pickles were also underwhelming. The only decent thing was the mac n cheese and the green eggs and ham sandwich (took a bite of my friends).

There are so many places to try in Vegas that I don't think I'll be going back.笑
Very impressed with the waffle sandwiches. Fries were meh, but enjoyed the experience overall!笑
Absolutely delicious  so many different ways to eat chicken and waffles I can't wait to come back笑
I'm a Chicken and Waffles fan and this place for the money is ranked in my all time top 5 list.  But the extra consideration and courtesy displayed by Bruxie employee Andre McDowell is nonparallel in this type of serving situation.  He could not do enough for my mother and I and I greatly appreciated it.笑
I love this place. It's dangerous that it's walking distance from work. If it weren't so hot or so busy all the time, I'd probably be here every day.

I never understood the hype about chicken and waffles but ive never tried the combination of food until I stopped by here. And damn, have I been missing out.

You cannot go wrong with the Original Chicken and Waffle. The portion is huge and you eat that bad boy like a taco. And just like a taco, all your fillings (coleslaw & syrup) falls right out at the end. The chicken is tender and seasoned well. The waffle is cooked to perfection, so you don't have the flimsy, soggy or chewy situation. 

I don't know what the kind of cheese is smothering the cheesy waffle fries, but I need more of it in my life.

I've also had the pleasure of eating the Fried Chicken Poutine waffles fries. The gravy and cheese curds just make the experience so much better. The meal is piled high on a skillet and I had to throw the towel in as I could not finish it. 

I'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu.笑
I had their original waffle chicken sandwich. It was a good portion. The chicken was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Not sure exactly what the sauce was but it reminded me of a honey chipotle, sweet and spicy. I liked it and thought it goes well with the waffle buns. I would love to come back and try their dessert waffles.笑
Don't try to use your bruxie gift cards here. The machine can tell that the card has a$25 balance, but the engineers at the point of sale machine can't figure out how to use the funds on the card. 

Ironic, since the gift cards were given to my girlfriend because of inept staff at the Brea location.  Apparently, the competency of the staff is quite dismal in las Vegas as well.

"We can't take this card. The machine sees the funds but we can't use them."

"That is YOUR problem then, isn't it?"

And i made a a new friend when i went to get some water.  I pointed out a giant month, several times, before staff removed the insect.

I guess I'll stick to the Orange location.笑
We were visiting Las Vegas and use yelp religiously as a way to pick good spots to eat. They were not wrong on this one! We fell in love with the space and food. I ordered the latest thing on the menu... I forget what it was called but it was a waffle, egg, and bacon. Super delicious. My partner loved his too. The servers were incredibly nice and they had tobacco sauce which we love because we tend to like everything with a little kick. If you're in Las Vegas for a mini vacation, make this one of your stops. You won't regret it. Best brunch I've ever had.笑
The waffles here are so damn good. I had the berry waffle and it was light and delicious. This place is a great stop for desserts.笑
Yes, this place is pretty darn good. I'm not going to lie, this place is fun to visit and has good food.笑
There are a few eateries that come along, that make the competition take notice and say "...daaayum, we better get our grind on, or get left behind". Bruxie is, one of those places.

New school flavors/combos, or keep it traditional. Chix n waffles so good, you will wanna slap yo whole family!笑
Found this place in Santa Monica and it made its way to vegas! Love it. The have some vegetarian options too which I appreciate!笑
This is the second time I've eaten at Bruxie's. The chicken & waffles are absolutely amazing! The service was great, too. I'll definitely eat there again when I visit Las Vegas笑
So I was super excited to try this place given how well it was rated on yelp. It's super casual, and we were able to order within 10 minutes or so of standing in line. However, it took FIFTY minutes for the food to get to our table. The table next us to us and my fiancé went to check on our food multiple times-what a crazy wait once the order has been put in! 

Now the food-
Nashville chicken and waffle - the fiancé and I split this and I'm glad we did. It tasted amazing but it was REALLY greasy, I definitely wouldn't have been able to eat the entire thing.
Nutella and banana waffle. OMG I would return for this but it's not worth a 50 minute wait...
Lemon cream and berries waffle-way too tart and the lemon cream was not good
Strawberry lemonade- a good choice!笑
Staying in Vegas over 4th of July weekend meant all the breakfast buffets were doubled in price.  So we yelped Bruxie and I'm glad we did. The sandwiches deff hit the spot! I'm hoping one inL.A. opens soon.笑
Got there just as they opened - no line and we had food in about 4 minutes. There was a line of 20 people out the door by 9:30, though, so go early or during off peak times.

Waffles were delicious -light and fluffy on their own, a bit more solid when served with the chicken.笑
I wanted to get out the normal hotel food and try something different.  I have never understood the fried chicken+ waffle, but thought this place was highly reviewed and give it try.  It was ok, got the egg on it since it was brunch and I couldn't really eat it without using a fork.  It was ok, just not some awesome 5 star place. Also, it's very casual, order and they bring it to you.笑
I wanted to check out this place due to the reviews but honestly, I've had better chicken and waffles. I had the original because how else can you compare anything if you didn't have the original. I went around noon because I didn't have breakfast that day. The line was short and you order and pay at the register. You hold onto a buzzer and they bring out the food when ready. You grab the utensils you need, extra syrup if you want and water is dispensed near there as well. I don't think they have people cleaning after you all the time, so the table we sat at was dirty from the customers before us.
It's a big portion but I think it's doable to finish the meal by yourself. There wasn't really anything special about the chicken or the waffle. I felt like the waffle was similar to an Eggo waffle and the chicken was small. The cole slaw wasn't anything special and there's a lot of hype to this place but maybe I ordered the wrong thing. I wouldn't recommend ordering the original because I have had better plain chicken and waffles.笑
Wow! This place is Amazing..my first time here. Great service great food. We will be back  thanks Nicholas and Arlesia for your help.笑
Really good! Parking is a little tough in that area if this is the only reason why you are heading down there. The food is a little pricey for what you are getting but overall it is very tasty. I had the Original, which was good not quite as good as I was hoping for based on other reviews but still good just slightly bland. I will definitely go back to try some of the sweeter options.笑
Hands-down this is the best chicken and waffles sandwiches I've ever had. I got the Nashville spicy chicken waffle which has a kick but so good that you'll eat it all up no matter how spicy the seasoning is because the chicken is cooked to perfection. Perfectly moist on the inside and crispy on the outside. As for my dessert I'm not huge on super sweet so I got the berries lemon waffle dessert and it was PERFECT. Just the right amount of sweet and tart. As for the service it was great they came around and asked if we needed anything and cleaned our area up nice before and after we ate.笑
Great place for chicken and waffles! On the strip next to New York NewYork, this place serves up some juicy fried chicken!

We ordered the 'Original' and the 'Nashville Hot' 2-pc which comes with waffle.  Both tasted great, with the Nashville having some spicy kick to it.

The only reason why this place missed the 5-star mark is their waffles.  Though they were hot and crispy, they put in some kind of sugar pellets in the batter.  After the first few bites, it just became too sweet for me.  Would've been nice if they put it on top (or on the side) so it can be scraped off for those who don't want it that sweet.

All in all, Bruxie serves up some mean chicken! A must try if you're in the area.笑
Definitely not worth the money!  Waffles were soggy and chicken was too crisp with no flavor ... disappointed!笑
We went here back in June and it was great. We came back again today, the food and service went down hill. They served burnt waffle. I'm amazed how both the cook and the server still actually brought it out to serve customer burnt waffle.笑
This is a unique concept from your traditional sandwiches.  Waffle sandwiches as you please.  
Located at The Park around the corner from the restaurants in front of New York New York.  

There's a name to describe the atmosphere.  Not sure if hipster, trendy, or sustainable is the word, but the interior is similar to Skinny Fats.  Since the weather was nice, the large windows were open, and the Big Ass Fans (that is what they are called) were in motion.      

You must go in line to order, and they bring the food to you.  The line was long when I went, but it went by fast.  

I got the buffalo bleu fried chicken waffle sandwich with a side of waffle fries.  Also ordered the Liege waffle.  Buffalo bleu was mediocre in flavor.  The waffle fries are like Chic-Fil-A waffle fries.  The Liege waffle was my favorite:  fried on the outside, and heavy and doughy on the inside.  Top was lightly coated with powdered sugar.

So much hype because it's new and something you don't see everyday.  Good experience, but the taste was just mediocre.笑
The presentation was much better than the taste. Great concept needed more practice.. the food was given cold the waffle in the skillet was burnt to a crisp it broke my plastic fork. Had to change my pork sandwich. the employees were helpful though..笑
Located in the park on the strip near the T-Mobile arena. I was surprised how much I enjoyed it. Had the Nashville chicken sandwich and it was pretty tasty. Their soda is homemade and you can tell it's made with real cane sugar very tasty. As a local I wish there was another one besides on the strip which I try to avoid but came on a slow Monday evening so it wasn't too bad. Price was a bit steep but I knew I'd be paying tourist price and it was good so can't complain too much about that.笑
Good food! Decent price! Chicken is awesome! We came as a large party and they reserved tables for us.  They even treated the birthday guy to dessert.笑
The food was tasty. The wait was longer than I expected, but everything seemed fresh and we were not in a hurry so I didn't mind the wait too much. I like the different concepts. I had a waffle with goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, and arugula! SO GOOD! I appreciate having a different concept of food in Vegas. I get sick of the same old steak or fast food 

The ambiance is nice - modern, however, It was super cold in there and the heat did not seem to be on so our waffles cooled off pretty quick.笑
Way great food. I'm here with my brothers and sister for my sisters 45th birthday! She flew in from Virginia with her husband as a surprise. Me and my brothers haven't seen her in 4 years. We came here for breakfast and it's damn good. I'm a tough customer, but the these guys put customer service first and that's very hard to find now a days. 

I'm impressed!! Very impressed. Great food across the board I had the Nutella and bananas.笑
I had the only vegetarian option I spotted on the menu, which was the roasted mushroom & goat cheese waffle sandwich.  Very good!  Great food and ready in a hurry.  I had a salad that was drenched in too much dressing, so I couldn't finish it.  Not my favorite place ever, but if I'm in the Park again and am looking for food, I'll consider this a viable option.笑
So we don't really do chicken and waffle in Australia, so we definitely wanted to try it once on our trip. Well, we could not believe our luck when we stumbled across Bruxie, who not only serve chicken and waffle but serve the chicken in the waffle - like whhhhaaaaaaattttt????  

Be prepared to line up as this place is uber popular but it is worth the wait! Like Yummo!!!!!笑
Fried chicken and waffles, best in Las Vegas if you are into this.  No further review needed.笑
The food was unique and very good. The waffles are more of a bread type. They are light and Airy. They also have thick waffles which I ordered. The chicken is crispy and kind of spicy for the most part. The prices can get a bit expensive if you don't watch yourself. The staff is great and very helpful for the first time customer. Enjoy one of the good restaurants near the strip.笑
Ordered the chicken pesto with a side of waffle fries. The entree was LOADED with sundried tomatoes and the fries adds cold and stale.    As with everything here the music is loud and overwhelming.   
Employees were friendly笑
Food: excellent (green eggs & ham)
Drink: n/a
Serv: average speed
Music: average
Price: average
Other: cool seating笑
We decided to eat breakfast here back in March on our trip Vegas is a fairly new place and it is and experience The food wasn't bad but it's really not what I care for the place is really clean and neat try something once I would recommend trying this place笑
whatever you do, DO NOT ORDER A WAFFLE SANDWICH. The waffles are made crispy and do not hold up to be eaten like a sandwich. You will end up tearing it all apart and eating it separately. Do yourself a favor and just order Chicken and Waffles. However, the waffles are basic, no special seasoning in the batter. Just plain Waffle House; I wouldn't come back.笑
Oh man I wish I had taken a picture of this place but since I left Vegas it has been on my mind  so delicious!笑
Great location, just outside of New-York New York. We are outside at the tables set up at the park. I got the Holy Waffle Sandwich, it was tasty but super messy to try to eat. He got the Nashville Chicken Sandwich, which was very good but also very messy to try to eat. We shared the Irish Nachos, for me these were amazing. Overall good experience, would go back, but next time Wet Wipes will have to be brought with.笑
Food was delicious! I had the original chicken and waffles with the waffle fries. It was my first time having chicken & waffles together, and I was very pleased. I didn't give it 5 stars b/c my beverage was terrible. I ordered the "lemon-lime sofa" hoping it would resemble the flavor of Sprite or Sierra Mist, but it was awful. There were also no fresh cut lemons or limes available.笑
Highly recommend this place for breakfast or brunch. Hands down The best chicken and waffles I have ever had. I got the Nashvile chicken and waffles, if you like spicy food then get it!. The coffee is really good too笑
Ordered the original combo with fries and drink.  The waffles are thinner and crispier than normal waffles which is interesting but crumbles too easily without the syrup.  I would rather have the normal thick batter waffles, like waffle house.  The chicken was nothing great, a little dry, a little bland, with just a slight heat.  I would not order it again.  If you've been to howlin ray's in Los Angeles then there's no reason to go here.   Fries were lacking seasoning.  Soda are house made with cane sugar so that's a plus.  Overall a meh笑
I ordered the grilled chicken and it was delicious! The waffle is nice and crispy. We brought our kids in to eat also and one of the workers came over and gave my kids some ice cream for free. He also came and picked up and clean up after us. He was really nice and friendly.笑
I am a fan of this spot! To start the staff is friendly and they check on you often to make sure you don't need anything. The bathroom was clean and the staff is always cleaning up after diners leave. I ordered the Cobb salad and it's hands down the best I've ever had everything tastes fresh and they are generous with their portions. My husband and daughter had the chicken tenders and they were cook and seasoned perfectly we will definitely be back. The salad looked so good another diner came and asked how it was because they saw it on the menu and was curious. This place is a 5 star because of their quality of food and friendly staff笑
Not your average chicken and waffles! Bring on the food belly!! Generous portions with so much flavor. Can't wait to tell you how yummy the waffles where they had bits of bacon in the waffle dough along with these itty bitty sweet crunchy pieces whatever they where it was friggen delicious!! The fried chicken had SO much flavor! I did get an added egg on top. I ordered the chicken & waffle plate. Will definitely recommend to anyone visiting Vegas! 
Oh and customer service was great too. Well there was this buss boy kid he was super quick on his feet cleaning every table & very attentive in asking everyone if they had needed anything.. Don't remember his name but kudos to him笑
If you have a bad experience at this place you're probably a communist. I love everything about this place. Breakfast lunch or dinner it doesn't matter it never disappoints.笑
This is a fantastic place if you want a good, filling, and not expensive breakfast. Located near New York New York, if you are staying in the middle of the strip it's a little bit of a walk, but it truly is worth it. 

It's a walk up and order place, and then they bring you your food when it's ready. There is a lot of seating inside but they also have outside tables everywhere, which is really nice when it's a beautiful day. 

I ordered a bacon, egg, and cheddar breakfast sandwich. It, of course, came on a waffle and there was plenty of melted cheese on it, but what really made this so delicious , was the bacon ! I Love bacon and I find it very hard to get really good bacon out at restaurants and this bacon I could not get enough of. I was so happy with the sandwich choice, I wasn't sure if i was going to be sad not getting one with chicken , but it was delicious  and I was so full at the end. Will definitely order again.

My boyfriend got the Holy Chicken which looked just gorgeous.  It was a waffle with friend chicken and an over easy egg on top! Also is topped off with some type of spicy sauce. We made it a combo and it comes with a drink and waffle fries, which were tasty also. He loved his chicken and waffles !

Little detail that I love at this place is they have pitchers of ice water sitting out (where the napkins and utensils are). So you are able to get as much water as you need, which I appreciate this so much. 

I have already told people about this great breakfast place, and we certainly will be back whenever we visit Vegas again !笑
I haven't tried the other locations, but this one was DAAANNNK. Friendly staff and finger lickin good food! Avg price within the $10 range. I've tried the Nashville and original chicken and waffle. If you like a little kick to dem thangs get Nashville! Both were really good... I liked the original a bit more. Don't forget the waffle sauce, but it can get stickyyyy aaaayeeee. Only downside is that if you go during the day it's hot and you're gonna get a swampy booty. All good.. Worth it for the food.笑
The food was bomb!!  The people that work there were super friendly.  For self service they asked offered and brought is everything we needed.  Then they were right there to collect our plates and trash when we were finished.  Little pricey..$7.00 for a smart water but it's on the stop and people were paying it so I guess why not!!.笑
Delicious food as advertised.  I had the Chicken and waffle skillet. The waffle has bacon chunks cooked into but remains sweet. It also comes with 3 chicken tenders and a whole chicken breast. All of the meat is seasoned  cooked well.  A nice trip after walking the Vegas strip.笑
First time I tried them was in Los Angeles, and loved it then, so when I found out they were coming to Vegas I was thrilled but hopped to not be disappointed and glad to say I am not.  In fact the food tastes just as great, the service here is amazing, and the location is perfect!   

So far my favorite is their Buffalo Chicken waffle with Blue Cheese and Slaw, however on my next visit I am definitely going for the Pastrami Waffle sandwich.  Since I got to taste this sandwich on my last visit I was sold on the perfect taste of Pastrami and their Mustard sauce.I am sure everything served here is delicious and worth trying though.

I have yet to make it to the dessert waffles due to being overly full, but I will soon.

I will say I remember the waffle fries being a little more well done in the LA location, which they tend not to be so much here and also the portion is a little smaller.  They may be fresh waffle fries so like some other fry places, I'll just need to ask for them a little more on the well done side.

I will say that our last visits have been during our hot Summer months and for some reason the doors are always opened and only half of the room have fans, so expect warm eating conditions, this is unfortunately the only part I don't like 

The service here is also amazing!  They stop by and check on you often, refilling your drink and removing your empty trays. Definitely a great place for a quick bite.笑
Did someone say chicken and waffles? We came here the last morning we were in Vegas and grabbed some brunch. We all ordered one of their chicken and waffle sandwiches and they were amazing. When you get it, it may seem like it won't fill you up, but you'd be surprised with how dense everything is. However, it's not oily or over heavy as you'd expect from chicken and waffles. The waffle was perfectly made and the chicken was so well cooked with a nice fried skin on the outside with very juicy meat on the inside!

The service there was phenomenal! One of the workers refused to let me get up to get my own free refill and insisted to get it for me (note that at this place you just order at the front and they'll bring you the food so it's not exactly like a restaurant). 

Be careful of the syrup because it is delicious, but it is prettttyyyy sticky and got a bit of it on my clothes xD笑
Awesome chicken waffles. The chicken cooked to perfect tenderness and maintaining a great crispy crust. The waffle was a 10/10. Cole slaw perfectly complemented the chicken waffle pairing giving the a good non sticky binding layer.

Reasonably priced for the location. Good ambiance and service.笑
Good place to go after a night full of drinking. I got the breakfast sandwich that had pesto and was tasty笑
First time here, not disappointed but not satisfied as well. Location is good. Took my family here (2 small kids) location wise it's Kid friendly but the menu is not that kid friendly at all. I ordered Mac and cheese for my kids and OMG it was so spicy that I could not even eat it myself. If u like spicy then order this but it doesn't go well with the bacon and flavor of the sauce. Chicken Caesar salad, looks good but taste bad. My husband said there's a fishy taste in it and it's true, dnt know why! The original
Chicken waffles was ok. Again not kid friendly, the chicken was spicy and the waffles are thin that the veggies inside it and the chicken soaked the waffles so after 3 mins not crispy soft crunchy waffles ur gonna eat but a saggy one.. The chicken taste better than the rest but it's still a little spicy and kinda sweet.. I'm not a fan of spicy food and so r my kids... The waffles the looked good on their menu pics is totally different and like I said its saggy and soaked after few minutes.. My husbands ordered the Caroline pulled pork waffles, same thing, spicy and it was messy to eat so be prepared. It was a little dry too. It didn't go very well with the thin soaked waffles again. Anyways, maybe that's their theme, spicy food but I wish I was told that when I was orderin or at least ask me what level of spiciness I want! Especially the saw my kids Coz the place was kinda empty when we got there. So they have all the time to explain their menu. And it wasn't included in their menu description as well. So there u go! Decide. I mean if u like spicy and ur kids like spicy too then go for it but then again I should be informed of what ur eating or the level
Of it before confirming the order. Their strawberry Palmer drink was also not good.. It taste plain. And  old... I drank my water in my hydroflask!! Kids didn't like it either, almost no flavoring! No wonder it's free refill!! So for 4 items plus 2 drinks  we paid 52$ including tax and tip... Is it worth it? Not really Coz my kids didn't get to eat. I ended up taking them to eat real kids Mac and cheese at CPK after ... So much better food  will I go back there on the future? Prob not.. Thank you!笑
Friends recommended this to us, and it was amazing. It was crowded but we got our food pretty fast and were able to find a table pretty easily. The only other chicken and waffles I've had is at Roscoe's in LA, but this was honestly better in my opinion. Husband got the waffle sandwich and I got the regular fried chicken with a bacon cheddar waffle, and he liked mine better. Vegas food hardly ever disappoints and this was no exception!笑
Stopped by here on a night out. The prices are good and not outrageous like typical strip pricing. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had as well. Friendly staff that even came out and dropped the food off our order as we grabbed a seat away from the restaurant. I would recommend this place to anyone going out to the t mobile arena or around there.笑
This is awesome!! Great chicken And waffles...tea is fresh. Will definitely come back. Service was quick and helpful.笑
Loved this place. After a couple beers and giving back to Vegas, my friends and I wanted a quick decent meal.  Bruxie was perfect, good food, cheap, quick and easy in a cool atmosphere.  Everyone enjoyed their meals from chicken fingers to the original to the chicken and waffle sandwich with a fried egg and saracha ( this is what I had and it was awesome )笑
first time trying this place out nice concept with the chicken inside the waffle but the problem is everything was too dry they put sauce on it  but was not enough wasn't impress I may give them a second chance for now its a no go.笑
Freaking. Bomb. Like, best food I had in Vegas! I can't even. Just try it. You will never regret it. Absolutely delicious. We waited in a line around 11am on a Saturday. But absolutely worth it!笑
Wow. Just WOW.

I've had a lot. But this one, this glorious place, has the BEST chicken and waffle combos. Make a sandwich of it and I'm YOURS. I love this place, I really do.

It's a bit of a trek to get there, you have to park in the casinos, but I can promise you-it is truly worth it! 

I have tried many a chicken and waffle places and this one takes the cake. The waffle is perfectly crispy and the right thickness, the chicken is delicious and juicy with a golden crust. I got the original which has honey chili on it with slaw-Im obsessed! I think I could have this sandwich daily. Their sweet waffles are also super and worth trying. I try to tell as many people as possible about this place, it's a gem and the prices won't break your budget.笑
We don't have anything like this back home in salt lake. It was very good. Moderately priced for a quick Vegas stop. Awesome service and a cool atmosphere. Got the buffalo chicken waffle sandwich and a strawberry lemonade. My buddy got the Carolina pork waffle sandwich. While mine was great, his was godly笑
Great tasting and fulfilling food! A little on the pricier side for what you get, but hey- it's vegas! The chicken was wonderful and the waffle sandwich was a winning combination! Their proprietary sodas are also really good! Definitely a winner for food quality- the only downside was the lack of enthusiasm from the service.笑
this was the first time I ever had chicken and waffle and let me tell you, it was well worth it! the waffle was perfect. the coleslaw was a good mix with the chicken and the chicken was fried and seasoned perfectly! plus it was something i could eat with our syrup! perfect!笑
Bruxie is like a hybrid cross of a sandwich shop and a chicken and waffles joint...and it works well. It's got a fast food type of ordering style with sit-down dinner food quality. The interior design is unique and inviting. The staff walks around to ensure you have everything you need. The food is delicious!!! The chicken is perfectly fired and juicy and paired with the taco-shaped waffles make an interesting but yummy combo. Try their in house made soda's...so good.笑
They got my order wrong and it took extremely long to prepare my to go order. The servers / workers were indifferent to my incorrect order and I had already waited so long that I just left. The serving size is on the smaller side. That being said the incorrectly ordered chicken was good. The other sides were meh. If you're 50/50 about trying this place, pass.

Updated: 2 more stars for good customer service from corporate.

Updated: Finally tried what I wanted (buffalo tenders) and also tried the breakfast sausage sandwich. Both were good.笑
They got me back two days in a row. Goodness only knows what tomorrow holds. The original fried chicken is a delicious, tender treat that's ready quickly. Just beware the sugar baked into the waffle as the crystals took me by surprise at first. The sausage breakfast sandwich was delicious and very filling and pairs great with the crisp waffle fries. The service was fast, friendly, and thorough.笑
Wow. This food was so amazing. The music in the place was jumpin. I had a great experience. I would definitely go again. The BEST chicken and waffles ever.笑
So yummy and unique! We had the original chicken and waffles - just what we were craving. Looking forward to going back to try other stuff.  Wish they stayed open later.笑
A fabulous alternative to the behemoth breakfast buffets that abound on the Strip.

The location is convenient -- in the Park between NY NY and the Monte Carlo, with a street-facing facade that eliminates the need to hike through a smoky casino.  At 9am, Bruxie is busy but not overloaded.  It takes a few moments to place your order, grab a seat in the spacious and tidy dining room, and wait for your order to be delivered.  

I had the original fried chicken and waffle, with a side of fruit.  I was familiar with Bruxie's style of chicken and waffles from an earlier to visit to one of the Orange County locations, and the Las Vegas location is true to the rest of the franchise.  The flavor is outstanding. My only complaint: not enough crispiness, both on the waffle and on the chicken.  In my world, fried chicken is all about that perfect crisp on the outside to contrast against the softness and juiciness on the inside.

Prices are surprisingly good -- consistent with other locations, and not obviously jacked up due to proximity to the Strip.

Odds of me returning are quite high!笑
The waffle of your dreams is here.  I prefer the regular breakfast waffle which is crunchy on the outside and light and airy on the inside.  This is the waffle to compare to all others.  
Great addition to the strip.  I'm a fan of the original location in OC but its very busy and difficult to get to.  I was very excited when I walked by and saw this location opened!! 
Good price for the amount of food.
We did not have the sandwich waffle which is denser but will be back.笑
The food is great!  The coffee is good (and not too expensive)!  Staff friendly!  What more can I say!

I will be back here as soon as we get back to Vegas.笑
This is my second time here at Bruxies and it was just as good as the first time. Perfect hangover food, thin crispy waffles with great flavored fried chicken. We went around 2 pm so there was no one else really there opposed to if you go in the morning. This place is a must try in Vegas笑
Looking for a unique eat? Bruxie is the place! The deal is even sweeter when a waffle and fried chicken sandwich is only $5 on Wednesdays! All you need to do is show them the ad on Facebook. Otherwise it's normally $10. 

We went during the afternoon and didn't have to wait in line. Our cashier was super friendly and helped us navigate through their menu. She suggested to was down the sandwich with a strawberry lemonade and I'm so glad she did. It's such a refreshing drink for Vegas weather. 

We sat outside and they brought our meals to us. The sandwich was so deliciously gorgeous that a few people stopped to look at what I was eating and even took pictures of the sandwich for their instagram. Yes, no lies!笑
The Goods
1. Fancified and gourmet version of chicken and waffles; comes in the form of a taco where the shell is the waffle and filled with chicken.  Chicken is lightly breaded and crisp.  Stuffed with slaw, it feels like street food in a bistro setting.
2. Also known for pure cane sugar sodas; always yum 

Ambiance 
1. Beautiful!  Very ultra modern and hip 
2. Could be a great place to meet up friends like I did and catch up 

Service 
1. Overall 7/10; they were ok at the register and adequate with service.  Just like a glorified fast food so not like a sommelier type restaurant 
2. Credit cards ok
3. Visit while on the strip and near the T-Mobile arena 

MoJo
1. Get the famous waffle kind of upgraded eggo!
2. Pair with a sugar cane soda with various flavors笑
Just had lunch here and as always the waffle sandwiches are amazing. The crunch from the waffle is just a wonderful sound to hear once you take each bite. Only issue for me was the waffle. It's seemed as of they were as thick like ones in orange county. But for sure stills earns 5 stars. The customer service was outstanding and the people were very helpful from the cashier to the busser. Very polite. What's a plus is this location is big and very nice.笑
I've had the original, the Nashville, and a nutella dessert waffle. All were delicious. I've gone here twice already and I will probably keep returning. The waffles are the perfect texture and consistency, just the right weight to hold your chicken. The chicken is so crispy and juicy and surprisingly packed with flavor. I dumped syrup all over the sandwiches each time I went and it just adds such a unique flavor. I get the Arnold Palmer, (can't remember if they had a different name for it over there?).. and it's delicious. It has strawberries in it and it just tastes super fresh. If you are staying at one of the nearby casinos or just at an event at Tmobile arena, definitely stop by here!笑
Great little breakfast spot specializing in chicken and waffle sandwiches on the side of NYNY right off the strip. The ordering is setup so you order from a counter and wait at your table with a number. Our food took significantly longer than expected to show up but it was well worth it. The chicken was fried to perfection and super flavorful. The waffles were sturdy enough to create a well made sandwich and had a nice crunch.笑
While excited to come to Vegas for much of their nightlife and entertainment. I was even more excited for all the food I was going to be jamming down my throat. So Bruxie was definitely one of those places I was not going to miss out on especially after all the amazing reviews it has received. And it surely has not disappointed...I ordered the crispy chicken waffle which was completely phenomenal from the tenderness of the chicken all the way down to Bruxie sauce and crispy waffle. My girlfriend on the other hand decided to go with the nutella banana waffle and the combination of the three can not be any better!! Oh she loved it by the way too!! If your in Vegas this is a must come to restaurant...笑
First time having chicken and waffles and it was delicious. I thought the meal was going to be messy and hard to eat but the waffle and chicken are very easy to bite through. Hardly any mess. (Spilled my drink on my girlfriend). Split the holy chicken and that was just the right amount of food. Service is pretty fast.笑
After having tried out Bruxie in California, I was excited to try out this location. Instead of grabbing brunch at eggslut, my sister and I decided to walk over to Bruxie..which had a much shorter line.
I ordered an original fried chicken and waffle sandwich ($9.25) and it arrived looking NOTHING like the menu picture. I decided to put that grievance aside, but was met with on overly crisp waffle paired with an oddly sized piece of chicken. The cider slaw and chili honey were pooled at the bottom of the waffle fold and shortly after picking up my sandwich it split in half...dumping all the honey and slaw over my tray. The waffle, being overcooked was not pleasant to eat as its rough texture was anything but the fluffy waffle I've experienced in the past (at their Orange County location).

VERDICT: Overpriced and not consistent with the quality of their other locations.笑
I'm a big chicken and waffle fan, but I've never had it quite like this. Yelp brought me here as I was looking for a new place I hadn't been before around this area of the strip. 

I went with the buffalo bleu waffle chicken sandwich along with the side of fries. The sandwich is a great size portion, however I do wish you'd get more fries. I like buffalo chicken, however I've never had it with waffles. For my taste buds, it wasn't the best combination. The sandwich was good, and I love the concept, but my tongue didn't agree with this pairing. For me, I'd go with the original fried chicken and waffle sandwich next time I go.

The lemonade is excellent here, you'll definitely be wanting more. Staff was cool, and always checked up as we are and kept our drinks full. As a regular Vegas traveler, this place I will be back and try more options they have here.笑
Delicious poutine...waffle dessert was amazing as well. Will definitely be back soon. The prices were surprisingly reasonable. Tip: this doesnt apply to the Voss water, which was $7.笑
The girl friends and I were out on the strip and stumbled upon this spot! We were actually looking for a breakfast and brunch place and was happy to find this cute little spot. We got there a little after 9 in the morning on a Sunday and it was already pretty busy. I suggest to get there early! If you love chicken,  and waffles, their chicken waffle sandwiches are great!笑
Food was pretty good, but I don't think the chicken and waffle sandwich was worth $12 when it comes with no sides or drinks or anything.  Wish they would lower their prices a bit or give you more for your money. Orders came out pretty quick, just not a fan of the cost.笑
The bomb.com!!!!!

Sunday December 11th, 2016, it was about 7pm and I took a Lyft and visited this place for the first time yesterday for lunch. I was at Caesars and just heard about this place. I ordered for me and a friend and took it to go. I got the regular Chicken and Waffles, and by no means is this food 'regular'. I got chicken tenders and waffle fries for the friend. We had a field day it was so darn good and flavorful! 

She had whore mean which was moist and soft and I had the dark meat. I also for the the Nutella and Banana waffle dessert treat. Boy oh boy! I'm still licking my fingers!!! The service was good and the boy at the register was suuuuuper duper helpful and really nice! I was completely confident ordering the food I did just by the way motioned and said that was great choice. I got back to work to enjoy my meal and it was everrrrrrything!!!!! My friend and I were very happy campers! Will be going back soon!笑
So we all know there are as many dining options as slot machines in Vegas But This place is not to missed Who doesn't love waffles and fried chicken and then they put them together heavenly We had the original chicken and waffle Sammie and an original 2 piece chicken AND no up charge for all white meat this also comes with a 1/2 bacon cheddar waffle 
There are three options for chicken spice we both had original and loved it spicy but not too
Counter help was awesome explained the food  options They quickly and pleasantly cleaned up the table litter not a job I would love not only does the chicken come drizzled with syrup but you can get cups of it from the condiment counter 
We are only sorry we did not find this gem earlier笑
This place was great! 
So glad we walked past this place and stopped for breakfast. One of the best breakfast so far!笑
I want to say i was not exoecting much but i have to admit this was a great breakfast choice service amazing and the food was pretty good as well.  The Chicken Sandwich is a great choice and the cheese fries where just as good.  Diffently i will be here again.  Great atmosphere笑
VERY good chicken and walffle sandwich with an egg and bacon! Shakes were very good good. VERY good music and seating was plentiful.笑
Got the salad that was just what I needed after eating and drinking like crap all weekend long. Though, the waffle fries were awesome, and the wings as well, the salad was over the top delicious! Loved the lemonades and fresh teas. And a very cute space off the strip.笑
So the food is amazing. It's so hard to figure out what to order your first time, so go with the original cheddar bacon waffles and chicken. The waffle is sweet and the chicken is moist and crispy. Do much flavor in each and ever bite your taste buds will go into overload. 

However, the food isn't really hot. Seems like it was sitting for a while after cooked. 

The bathroom was really dirty. The sign on the back of the door wasn't updated from the previous day. This needs to be fixed.笑
Probably a 4.5 star review, but not 5.  Very strong lunch at Bruxie on a Friday afternoon around 1.  The line was almost out the door, but it goes pretty quickly.  I was with a group of friends, so we decided to share some items.  We went with the original sandwich, the Nashville hot chicken sandwich, the cheesy waffle fries, the mac and cheese, and the Irish nachos.  To drink, I got the strawberry lemonade. 

The food took about 10 minutes to arrive.  Service is great, they bring the food out to you and were very quick to pick up clean dishes or offer refills.  Everyone was friendly as well, fantastic in that regard.

Of the sandwiches, I strongly preferred the Nashville hot chicken to the original.  The Nashville hot chicken is bade with a fried chicken thigh versus the chicken breast that the original contains.  The thigh was thicker and juicier than the breast, which wasn't dry but twas close to it.  Additionally, the sauce on the Nashville sandwich was strong.  It wasn't super hot but it had a bit of heat with it.  The sauce and shredded pickles went well with it.  This sandwich was far superior to the original.

The waffles are light, airy, with a slight crispiness to them.  The syrup was very good, thick with lots of maple flavor.  I may get just waffles with chicken strips next time rather than a sandwich, they were very good.

On the sides, the waffle fries are basic and lightly seasoned.  The cheese sauce is also pretty basic, but it's good.  The Irish nachos are large, imminently shareable.  They are LOADED with toppings:  bacon, cheese, sour cream, chives.  They were good, if not a little messy.  I preferred these to the cheesy fries.

The mac and cheese is made with bacon, and you can definitely taste the bacon.  The cheese sauce is largely cheddar-based.  It was a classic bacon and cheddar mac and cheese.  The noodles weren't overcooked as well, they retained some bite.

The strawberry lemonade is sweet, but not overly so.  You can taste both lemon and strawberries as well, all of us enjoyed it.  And, if you are so inclined you can get a shot or two added to it.

Bruxie is a nice addition for The Park, there's outdoor seating and plenty of indoor seating.  I would absolutely come back on future trips to Vegas.笑
It's chicken and waffles place.. I had so much better. Eating the waffles sandwich was not easy, once you pick it up don't put it down again. 

It's a order and sit down joint. No table service.
Why the wait to place your order. No friendly greetings, music to is loud.... Maybe I'm old.笑
The Bruxie is a nice chicken and waffle restaurant. I love the uniqueness of the place. I ordered the bbq chicken waffle sandwich, I didn't like it. Next time I will just order a breakfast sandwich or plain waffle. If you like waffles (who doesn't) I suggest giving this place a try.笑
Had the nashville chicken waffle sandwich which was pretty damn good. Wish it was more spicy though. Also had the irish nachos which was pretty much waffle fries, melted cheese, and bacon. Definetly can't go wrong with that combo. Good place for a quick bite.笑
The food was incredible, but we were given the same wrong order twice, it took 30+ minutes after placing our order to get our food, and the two parties next to us were given wrong orders multiple times as well. There was a ton of food cooked and ready to be served but despite several (6? 8?) food runners and managers, they just couldn't get it together. Hence four vs. five stars. 

That being said, it would get five stars if they got their act together in the service front. The waffles were crispy and buttery tasting without being too greasy, and the flavor combinations were creative and delicious. We ordered the sausage and egg waffle, the pesto and egg waffle, and the lemon berry waffle (side notes: the pesto is what elevated the already good flavor of that waffle sandwich, and the lemon berry waffle needs more berries). All were incredible and we would go back here in a heartbeat if we came back to Vegas.笑
Okay, anywhere that allows me to alcoholize my drink gets a good rating for me, but luckily Bruxie also has delicious food to match. Their fried chicken is a tad salty, but it's tender meat and the breading stays so crunchy, even in my dressed salad. My fiance ate his sandwich so quickly, I barely got a bite.

It was definitely one of the less expensive meals we had in Vegas and made a great lunch. I would love to go back and try those creme brulee waffles...笑
Everyone here is so kind!! From the guy outside to everyone inside. Actually sitting here right now lol felt compelled to write about them so I don't forget. Service like this deserves to be recognized. You can tell everyone is happy to work here. The food is tasty and the strawberry lemonade is life!! (Lol) thank you guys!笑
Such a fun place! Took me a minute to find--entrance is outside on the street not through the casino to way it was trying to lead me. I cannot wait to come back and try ALL the food in the menu!笑
The cure for your Las Vegas hangover. Tasty fried chicken and crunchy waffles. Breakfast sandwiches are delicious. Customer service from Dre was great. Very attentive and welcoming.笑
First time in vegas and found this place because of yelp, the reviews were at almost 5 stars. Right on the money, the servuce was fast (as fast as they could be, they were super busy) the staff was very helpful, andre made sure our table was not cluttered and even refilled my drink for me. Excellent service, exceeded my expectations and the food was amazing (sausage eg and cheese waffle with avocado was on fire!) Will definetly come back笑
For the insatiable appetite for chicken and waffles, come to Bruxie. The Original consisted of a big fried chicken breast with a crispy crust, side of cider slaw sandwiches by a waffle. This came with a sweet and hot syrup that married well with the chicken. These were large portions so if you want something small, I recommend sharing. The strawberry lemonade tastes fresh and refreshing in the Las Vegas heat.笑
The service was friendly, chicken and waffles were cooked very well. But the flavor was kind of bland. It wasn't sweet or spicy just crispy chicken really hard to taste much else. I had the original and it was ok but I think I've had better at chick filet. My wife felt the same way. But the location, people and ambience is nice.笑
This place is good, my husband and I are glad that we tried it, it messy to eat but very good quality! I would come back to eat here again!