This would definitely have to be one of my absolute favorite restraunts in Las Vegas. The service is always wonderful and attentive. The food is always fresh and delicious. Even though the location may strike you as not wanting to check it out, it is 100% worth it. All of the food I have tried is always spot on amazing. This is one of the best Mediterranean dining experiences I have had by far. The inside is always clean and kept nice and really sets a great atmosphere for you to come together with family, friends, or co workers. I would definitely say this is one of the hidden gems of Las Vegas!笑
Love it! Ask for jayson and he's amazing. We tried the Lebanese coffee, shish kabob and dolmas.  Food was great and service was quick!笑
For all of you Mediterranean lovers out there you must pay a visit to this tiny yet victoriously fresh and delicious gem.  Everything is so good, made from scratch and although cliche it seems fitting to add "made with love".  The Greek salad has won itself a top spot on my cravings list, and the chicken kabobs were so filled with flavor that I'm certain I'll be paying lots of visits within the very near future.  Let me just emphasis on the FRESHness, visit just with that in mind and I promise you won't be disappointed!!笑
Hands down the food is 5 STAR!  You will not find another mediteranean place in town with better homeade hot pita bread, hummus, and amazing kabobs!!  Prices are awesome for lunch and typical for dinner. 

The downside (thus the 3 star rating)

1. You never know when this place is closed-  It's happened a few times that i would go during normal business hours/days and the place was closed.  No sign on the door and they don't have a voice recording.  I assume they go on vacation and do not leave any sort of notification when or how long they'll be gone.  VERY frustrating

2. The guy in the back is MEAN to his workers.  Everytime I've gone, you can hear him yelling at the ladies that are serving it seems.  NOT cool. and it's really distracting when you're trying to enjoy the AMAZING food.


Obviously the food is what draws me back to this establishment.  Hopefully the service will improve to not disengage me further as a customer.笑
The tilapia filet as well as the babaganoush and the loubieh are amazing! Fantastic service with great fresh food make this worth the drive off the strip!笑
As a local of Las Vegas, there are so many choices when it comes to most things, including restaurants. I visited Hedary's this week, met Joey, the new owner, and sampled several of the menu items. Everything, down to the iced tea was fresh and fabulous. Really fine, clean flavors...we'll be back.笑
The food is alright, but the wait to get the food was insane.  We waited over 2 hours.  Supposedly there was a staff shortage, but nobody told us until we had almost 2 hours invested.  You will not see me eating here again!笑
Hedary's has truly first class Middle Eastern fare. Everything is made on site, all with fresh ingredients. The chef, who is also the owner, takes great pride in his cuisine and it shows. Don't leave without having his specially blended coffee, and the seasonal spiced wine was a surprisingly warming treat. The service was excellent; it's so nice to be in an establishment where the staff clearly enjoys working there. We tried an assortment of dishes and all were perfectly authentic and enjoyable for a couple of folks who have spent a lot of time in the Middle East.笑
Nice, small, cute spot. The lunch deals are the steal here. I like the fatoosh, tabuli, all the apps, gyros. I'm never dissapointed.笑
Excellent, excellent and delicious food!! I love it here. My husband and I took a break from our errands today and came to Hedary's for Happy Hour. We had the Sujuk Meatballs, Hedary's Trio (Tabouli, Hummus & Baba Ganoush) and the meat Grape Leaves. Let me just say, all I kept saying...mmm, mmm, mmm. I couldn't stop eating. The dishes are just bursting with flavors, and so delicious. What I love most, I don't feel guilty eating here. It's healthy and flavorful. 
Also, Joey our waiter was very attentive, provided great customer service. Always pleasant and professional with a smile of his face. Very down to earth. I highly recommend Hedary's Restaurant for a Mediterranean Cuisine.笑
Amazing food!!! Cooked fresh. Little hole in the wall style. I go several times a month. You will not be disappointed.笑
Wow! To be completely honest, I do not like Mediterranean food. I never enjoyed eating it or ever wanted to until I was told to try Hedary's. My boyfriend's mom has been raving about this place for so long. I finally came around to trying it for my very for time (currently sitting down in the restaurant full as we speak) and I take back all I've said about not liking this kind of food. IT WAS SO AMAZING!!! We ordered some of the combo skewers and my mother ordered the half chicken garnished with potatoes and tomatoes. I can't explain to you how loaded these dishes are with flavor. It's incredible. The person who made our experience ever better was our server Mike! He is a very sweet man who helped us out a lot on what to get. He also told us to get the pistachio ice cream.. So good!!!! Even one of the people in the back came out to make sure we were doing okay (I believe he was the cook??? So sweet!). I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be coming here a lot more. I can honestly say this is going to be one of my favorite restaurants for awhile! Thank you for the amazing service, amazing food, and for always refilling our pita bread笑
Best beef kabobs to be found in Vegas. You need to also try their hummus and their pistachio desert is simply bomb! Great customer service all the time!笑
Had the spicy sausage lunch, excellent!!  Used to Mediterranean food from home(Detroit), this place does it right!!!

Service was great, food was so good!!!

Definitely come back!!!笑
Came here for the beautiful Stephanie S.'s birthday dinner. I was a little worried about how empty the restaurant was when we walked in. If it was not for our large party, there was no one else in the building.

Ultimately, that just meant that we had the two servers all to ourselves. Due to that, my water glass was never empty and the endless baskets of bread kept coming. The tables were also well manicured. I am anal when it comes to clearing away dirty dishes and removing scraps from the table. The girls did a great job with keeping us spotless.

The food comes in ridiculous portions. I noticed the prices were steeper than at other Mediterranean places. After ordering, I could see why. These portions are nuts. The $33 mezzo sampler can easily feed four people. In fact, it did. If I had came with just one other person, we would not have been able to dent it. All of their dips use a generous amount of garlic. I had fire breathe by the end of the meal. I was impressed. Definitely not a date type of place. I had sneaked a few bites from everyone else and the food is solid. I would not order the lentil soup again though. Yet again, it felt like they should have gave us smaller bowls to ladle out servings for the table, but the flavor was not that impressive.笑
I have been going to this restaurant for years.  I love the food.  I've tried most of their dishes that are meat free and I enjoyed all of it.  My only issue is the wait staff.  Like I said I have been dining there for years and the wait staff has always been just one step up from rude. They are not friendly,  they barely check on me or my friends and family.  That is the only reason they didn't give 5 stars, because I do love the food and for the most part, the feel of it.  Their wait staff just needs to learn better customer service and manners... They seriously act like they don't care if I enjoy my visit our not. That being said If you get the food to go,  then there's no real issue,  except getting their attention for the order,  maybe. 
It really puts me of of a place when the wait staff is talking and lounging around when my family and I need service.  I never get asked to get a drink refilled and I've had to wait a very long time when I've asked for condiments or something that I prefer to use to eat my food with,  like a lemon wedge. When I finally get it,  I've already had to start eating; or it would get cold.笑
If I was rating Hedary's based on my takeout experience last night I would have given 2 stars. But since I've loved Hedary's while eating in the restaurant that would be 5 stars, so I'll average down to a 3. 
Takeout last night had several negative points:
My Hedary's salad was packaged in the same bag as my husband's combo meat dinner, so when it got home it was warm and limp. How hard is it to package the cold items in a separate plastic bag?

That salad (that I've had many times eating at the restaurant) is usually amazing. Tons of fresh tomatoes and cucumbers and feta. My salad last night was a styrofoam box full of lettuce with barely a topping in sight. The tiniest sprinkle of feta. Not worth the price and if I wanted a box of lettuce, I could have bought it at the grocery store. 

My husband enjoyed his meat platter and the rice was delicious as usual. The hummus was outstanding. The pitas were cold and stale but I wouldn't expect them to be as fresh as they are in the restaurant for a takeout order anyway. 

Long story short, Hedary's needs to step up their takeout game. I've had plenty of takeout meals from other great restaurants that were just as good at home as they are in the restaurant.笑
If you're looking for a wonderful dining experience, this is the spot. I would have never stopped here based on it being in a strip mall, but that would have been a mistake. I love how yelp helps you find hidden jems. This place is one of the best kept Vegas secrets.笑
Joel the owner is such a wonderful host. We enjoyed to no end our delicious sampler appetizer only 29.95 and enough food for  three of us. Turns out he's also a sommelier and served us the most delicious mulled wine I've ever tasted. I'm a huge fan, the perfect accompaniment to a day skiing. Yummmmm
Will definitely make time to spend lunches and dinners in the future. He also does catering for royals. Great place, tiny but big in taste and fun.笑
The place was empty on a weekend night when we entered. The service was very slow and cold. Hubby told me it was due to their culture, but if you're going to have a restaurant in America, WARM UP. Our server was so icy and only came to our table to bring us our food -not to check up on us. It was almost as if she just thought the food was so exceptional that she didn't need to check up on us and it was good, but not great. No drink refills and the food was average. I won't be back.笑
Excellent service and food.  There were five in our group and we were all very happy with our food. Portions are large and come with a generous side of hummus. We also ordered an appetizer of hummus.  Took a lot of it home.  They have fresh pita bread, which was delicious. Overall, we really enjoyed our experience and will be back.笑
Good place for Vegetarians, they have a bountiful vegetarian course with many plates offering every type of salad, vegetable, yogurt and cheese dish you could imagine. All are very fresh and will feed at least 2-3 people. The chicken shwarma is pretty amazing as well.笑
This place is so freaking great. It is a MUST if you like Mediterranean food, their Gyro Sandwich is the best i have ever had(im from so cal) and ive had alot of them. Also the fresh baked pita and hummus is fantastic. 12 bucke and you get a giant gyro and a large plate of hummus that i was unable to finish.笑
This place is great! Love their rice! Fresh pita to die for! We will def be eating here again soon! Our new face mediterranean place!笑
WOW!!!   Had the craving for a gyro and my husband suggested this restaurant.  Let me tell everyone, it was DELICIOUS! .  My daughter had the lamb chops and they were to notch!  Will definitely be back笑
I was impressed.  This place offers great value for your dollar.  Everything is hand made from scratch (including the pita bread).  The owners clearly care about their product and it shows in food.

I've never written a Yelp review before and this food was so good I was inclined to tell the world.笑
Excellent Mediterranean dining experience.  This place was recommended by a co-worker and a group of us went to try it out at lunch.  It's located off SAHARA Ave. in a shopping complex facing Rainbow.  The inside decor fits the food and sets the dining experience.  

We were immediately helped to a table.  The service was very attentive and helpful.  The waiter was knowledgeable of the menu and made several recommendations to our table.  We ordered several appetizers to try.  The portions are grand and definitely large enough to share.  The hummus sampler was divine and the pita bread was warm and delicious.  The salad was fresh, flavorful with just enough light dressing.  The lentil soup had a kick to it...it wasn't my fav BUT I'm not much of a lentil consumer!  The kabobs were perfect...I didn't try the lamb however.  

Overall, I would highly recommend this locally owned and operated restaurant.  Great menu selection, good prices and overall rememberable dining experience.笑
The price is decent, portions are solid and the atmosphere is good. Only complaint was the slow kitchen. There are no pictures because we ate everything.笑
It has taken me a long time to write this review.  This was one of my first favorite restaurant in Las Vegas when we were thinking of moving here a couple of years ago.  I had been and tried everything and loved it. 
Then my wife,  our friend that introduced it to us, and I went together.  The food was great,  we're trying everything.  My wife ordered a Turkish Coffee,  she was drinking it and enjoying it.  All of sudden she got very quiet.  I asked her what was wrong.  She pointed to her coffee cup.  I looked into it,  and thought I saw a coffee bean.  I said so.  She told me to look again,  which I did.  There was a cockroach cooked in the coffee. My wife was nauseated. We called over the waitress, showed it to her, and here is the part that earned the one star, she did not even really react! She just said she will take the price of the coffee off the bill! And then we started really looking around and saw two more dead cockroaches.
I am not saying she should have brought the owner out, told the chef, had him prostrate himself begging his forgiveness or anything. I am not saying she should have offered the entire meal comped. 
I am saying she should have reacted a little, look at least surprised!
This was and is the greatest dining disappointment I have had in Las Vegas yet. I still look for the perfect Middle Eastern restaurant here and have found a few good ones.笑
I have been to this restaurant many times in the past and never have been disappointed. We decided to go Mediterranean tonight. This restaurant is very clean and extremely inviting. We both ordered the Gyro plate with rice and baba ghanoush. The food arrived quickly and was fresh and Yummilicious! The lamb meat was so tender that it literally melted in my mouth. Unlike many other gyro joints and Greek restaurants this place bakes their own pita bread and it is served to you straight from the oven. The price was extremely reasonable for this quality of food. Our waiter Jason was professional, polite, knowledgeable, and efficient! My tummy is very satisfied and we will definitely be returning to try more dishes. Oh yeah the kabobs are amazing as I have ordered the combo steak, chicken, and shrimp many times in the past. 2 enthusiastic thumbs up here!笑
I was over in this part of town for an appointment and my husband and I wanted to get some dinner before hand. Did a quick yelp search and we settled on Hedary's. 

I second a lot of the previous reviews for the food lacking flavor. 

I was also not impressed by the prices here. A gyro sandwich with fries was $12! 

My husband got the gyro sandwich and was not impressed and I got a gyro Greek salad. The portion was huge and I barely finished half of it. I guess for $13 dollars the size was good but the meet was cold and needed some flavor. 

The restaurant is very nice. It's not a "fast food" Mediterranean place. The server was attentive so no complaints there. Just the food.笑
I came here as soon as I read Misti's review as she is quite the falafel connoisseur.  

The falafel was decent but I've yet to find one in LV that is awesome.  The sandwich was dressed really well with a ton of veggies and the homemade pita was awesome.  I could've also eaten a 1.2 lb of their hummus...really well made.  Got an order of the magdoos which were 3 baby eggplants stuffed with walnuts and garlic and those were great too.

I couldn't help but notice other customers dishes as I was waiting for my to go order.    Sizzling skillets of meat arriving at multiple tables ala fajita style and they looked amazing.  I'm all over this the next time I'm here.  

3.42876 stars with solid 4 star potential on the next trip.笑
I deeply regret giving this fine place only 3 of 5 stars, but places "lose points" when the servers don't speak English well and when they insist on preparing a single check for a group of diners.

My group met there on Wednesday night, March 13, 2013 and because we were seated at a long table (and there were 10 of us) they THOUGHT they could prepare a single check.

Our group leader had to inform them, in no uncertain terms, that "We either get separate checks, or all of us leave for someplace else, right now!"

We got our separate checks.

The food is absolutely TERRIFIC and I'd definitely eat there again, but NOT with any group.

Try the Ground Sirloin Shish Kabob ("KAFTA") and the Lentil Soup.  It's truly delicious.

Bring an Interpreter/Translator with you.笑
I'm not the biggest fan of Mediterranean food but I am a big fan of Stephanie S., it was her birthday dinner and I couldn't miss it!
So the place was empty which always scares me, but maybe that was a good thing because we had a large party that they had to deal with. For how dead the place was, service was spotty. Had to keep asking for more pita bread (which was warm and tasty). Our food came out really slow and staggered, a couple who had left and came back later somehow got their food before myself and another friend. I ordered the Chicken Shwarma sandwich (12$) and he got the Lamb Shwarma platter I think. Well, when we were wondering if they forgot about us, we could hear who we assume is the chef yelling about Shwarma...uh oh! Not too much longer and we finally got our food. My sandwich was huge with a giant side of fries. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was, it was so big I was able to share it with my husband who showed up late. Another friend ordered Lebni which I had never had before, if I was ever to go for Mediterranean again I would order this to share, or just to snack on with drinks.
So this venture hasn't swayed me onto the Mediterranean fan boat. I will eat it, but I wouldn't choose it if I had a choice.笑
I REALLY like this place! It is a great lunch spot and the hummus ROCKS. I like the sausage dishes the best and have not expanded my choices. But my dining companions always seem to enjoy whatever they order from the menu as well. It is a bit chilly in there sometimes, but well worth going to. Since things are made on the spot it can take a bit of time to get your order....but it is worth every bite!笑
The best in Las vegas for this type of food. The owner himself is in the kitchen making the freshest food in town.笑
My boyfriend and I have eaten at Hedary's twice and both times have really enjoyed the food!

We had the stuffed grape leaves for our appetizer.  Just as tasty as it was the first time we tried it.

I had the Frarej - the half baked chicken with potatoes, tomatoes, with a yummy coating of garlic, lemon and olive oil.  It was quite juicy and tender and I loved the flavor.  My boyfriend had the Gyro sandwich, he said it looked better than it tasted, he wasn't as impressed with it.

Our server was very pleasant and would check with us every once in a while.
The atmosphere at the restaurant was relaxed and homey.  

We'll definitely go back!笑
Bookmarked for many years, I finally enjoyed a meal at Hedary's thanks to my friend Steven S.'s suggestion to dine here before we went to Container Park.  He and Nicole B. will be married in a few months.  None of us had eaten here and the whole menu sounded good.  We started with hummus not sure what else we would get, and the hot pita was amazing with it.  These combo platters stood out so as a table of 4 we all agreed to share 2 of them, and Nicole B. also ordered the cheese fyatir bread with mushrooms and za'atar, similar to a pizza.

I was drawn to the mezze, a chef's choice sampler of 12 appetizers and salads.  Ours came with...
1) hummus (so we got doubles!)
2) baba ganoush
3) feta cheese and olives with slices of tomato and cucumber
4) Stuffed grape leaves
5) Labni Matoom (yogurt-cheese with mint)
6) falafel
7) loubleh - green beans with tomato, onion, garlic
8) majadra: lentils
9) Greek salad
10) fattoush
11) tabbouleh
12) khyar bil-laban: cucumbers in yogurt mint sauce

Eric R. was drawn to the meat combo (our server's favorite dish) which consisted of rice, tomatoes, and...
1) beef shish kabob
2) kafta: ground sirloin with onion, parsley, spices
3) Mqaniq - pork sausage (only Eric R. ate this)
4) sujuk - beef and jalapeno sausage
5) kibbi - ground sirloin with bulgur stuffed with onions and pine nuts

This was a huge amount of food, plenty to share - maybe could have been enough for 6?!  The stand outs for me in the mezze were the Bulgarian feta chunks (yum), the labni matoom, and the tabbouleh.  From the meat combo, I only tried the sujuk and the kibbi because the guys at the table were carnivorous and had the plate in front of them, but I loved both the sujuk and the kibbi!

What I like about the menu is that if you want a salad, you can pick any salad and add protein to it (lamb, beef, gyro, chicken, salmon, or shrimp).  Eric R. is interested in coming back for the meat-filled dolmas but I make them at home so he is already well fed by me!  I want to come back for lunch because lunch specials include a smaller portion of an entree but come with a choice to fattoush, tabbouli, hummus, baba ganoush or soup on the side.  Service was great and the chef even came out to chat with us after the meal to see what we thought.  He told us all of the sausages are made in house.

Side note: the women's bathroom is really interesting.  There is a mutant mirror and purse hook in there!

I would go back, and when I do, I will devise a way to get both sujuk and kibbi on my plate!笑
Good eats, locally owned family run joint.  (I'm actually generalizing here, it feels like it anyway).  Great service and a nice spot for lunch mid week.  We didn't have to wait for a table like all the other schmucks at Cheesecake Factory.  Bonus.笑
Good news and bad news. This guy can obviously cook. That's the good news. We arrived early and the place was mostly empty. Server came to the table immediately to  take drink orders and returned several times to see if we wanted to order food. We were catching up with friends so we took our time ordering.

The apps came out in a couple of different waves for family style sharing. All was very good except for the weird pickled eggplant. Nothing on the menu indicated that it would be pickled.

After the apps were delivered we no one came back to the table. We finally flagged a waitress to order a bit more food. That was a big mistake. After taking the dinner order she didn't return to our table! We tried flagging her down, waving, lifting our empty water glasses. All ignored. 

After 45 minutes I finally went after her. Stopped her in the middle of the room demanding to know why we had been ignored for so long. She said that she had to help out in the kitchen. She seemed surprised that we were complaining and acted as if her explanation should say it all.

After waiting for close to an hour the entrees came out. Chicken (their speciality) was overcooked and dry. I didn't taste the other.

When she came back to the table she offered to comp the meal (we paid) and indicated that the chef couldn't keep any help in the kitchen so they had to help out. "Everyone quits". Lovely笑
This place is off the chain.  The food is fantastic, all of my friends who grew up eating mediterrean food said " It was just like Mom used to make."  This place is a gem!  The staff is hella cool and helpful as well.笑
My friend Vegas Jimmy has met me at Hedary's for lunch on several ocassions and we have always had an awesome meal. I've worked in the service industry for 20+ years and I can tell you the service in this restaurant is second to none.笑
Tried this restaurant and have found my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  As soon as you walk in, the smell of Mediterranean spices and food is great.  The waiter, Jason, was very helpful and pleasant explaining the menu and provided recommendations.  He came to check on my table frequently and made sure I had everything I needed.  I ordered the Shawarma Lamb plate.  One of the best meals of my life.  The ticket time had to be max 10-15 minutes but tasted like it could have taken an hour to make it was so good.  The environment, cleanliness, menu, service, and food were great.  I am definitely going back and am so happy to have found this gem.笑
Great spot for Lebanese food! Took a friend there for his birthday as he's part Lebanese and misses the cuisine. The staff (and owner!) were very friendly and accommodating (I have weird food allergies). The food was delicious, and my friend assured me quite authentic. Definitely worth a visit!笑
My girlfriend and I absolutely love this place. Been here about 10-15 times and every new experience exceeds the last. Highly recommend the Hedary's salad and chicken skewers! The owner and staff are extremely nice as well so that's always a plus. If I could give it 10 stars I would!!笑
The hummus alone is worth visiting this cozy little restaurant. I had lunch with a friend here today and discovered a new place not far from work to lunch. We shared the dolmas, cheesy flat bread and some hummus. We couldn't eat it all of course but it was fun trying. It was all tasty. The dolmas was soft and moist with the nice contrast of the bitter grape leaves. The cheesy flat bread was delicious! The hummus had a really nice garlic kick to it with pickles and beats on top. I would give this place 5 stars if it hadn't taken so long for the waitress to give us our bill. The rest of the time she was attentive, she just forgot about us it once we were done eating. I think I'll just do takeout next time! :)笑
My mom and I went here for lunch a while back. The food was very good, the prices decent, and service was excellent! What did we order? Heck, I can't remember - probably the usual - stuffed grape leaves, hummus, tabbouleh, kabob, etc. Good stuff! My husband recently took me to another Mediterranean restaurant down the road and it just wasn't as good. Next time we're coming here!笑
I come here for lunch a lot and my take-out/dine in ratio is about 95/5 for the record.   My experiences are limited to their lunch specials.

I really love this place.   My normal order is the Falafel plate lunch special, in which you get 6 lovely balls of fluffy goodness (insert embarrassed smiley here) amongst other things.   The amount of food you get with this and their other lunch specials is insane.   Falafel, some cucumber salad that I always give away because I hate cucumbers, a container of delicious hummus, three pieces (I've had this vary from 2-3) of fantastic pita bread, and your choice of soup or salad in which I ALWAYS get the Lentil soup.   I totally dig that lentil soup even though I'm somewhat ashamed to admit that at 32 years of age I don't really know what lentils are still.   I would advise you to start with the pita bread and dip it into the lentil soup and take a bite.  Then take the same pita, cut up a piece of falafel and put it inside along with some hummus.  Take another bite.   I suppose you could eat this meal in a variety of ways but I cant guarantee the same 5 star experience I have each time.

I've also had the Tilapia special several times, and it's equally as good.  With that one you still get your choice of soup or salad (GET THE SOUP), and then you get a big container chock full of baked potatoes, veggies, and a nice piece of tilapia baked to perfection.   

Service is always great, but that could be helped by the fact that they know me by now when they answer the phone and they have realized that I'm an amazing person.   For the amount of food you get the price is right.笑
Excellent service and food. A little tight, small room for lunch.... the bread was perfect, the baba ganoush was delicious, very smoky and garlicky. The only problem for me was the lamb was too well done, (almost incinerated) in the shwarma. The food is freshly made and I will be going back to give it another try without hesitation. Enjoy!笑
Best place for Authentic Lebanese food.
Yeah, no belly dancing show, but the food makes up for everything else. In the end you go to a restaurant because of the good food anyway!! 
Kibbeh is a must to order. It is baked not fried!!
Loved it, will come back笑
Came here for lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised by the large portions and delicious food on their lunch specials. To start, the fatoosh salad with cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, red onions and lettuce and the hummus. The salad tasted very fresh (we were seated right next to a display case of fresh veggies) and the hummus was pretty awesome with their pillowy puffed mounds of fresh pita bread. So good! Plus the portions were definitely much bigger than I expected; I started feeling pretty full after the apps.

For my entree, I ordered the frarej (I think that's what it's called) which was a roasted half chicken on top of tomatoes, potatoes, squash and mushroom ($13). The half chicken was huge! Also really tasty, tender and juicy with slightly crispy skin. I wish I could make chicken like that! The bf ordered the lamb kabobs which came with rice pilaf and some veggies ($14). Everything was delicious and definitely worth the price, especially since the portions could make two meals for me :)笑
His food is good and the service is descent, but his prices make me fall short of 5 stars.  Very good food and I recomend the vegi maza, has a little bit of everything.  I don't care for the Kibbeh, he uses beef instead of lamb.  Anyways he has an excellent variety of Lebanese, Greek and some Italiam  dishes, although I imigaine everyone is there for the Lebanese food.  Hummus is very good and his babaganouj is some of the best I have had.  I also had his lambshank, which was very good but wayyyy to expensive for the size.  If you don't mind paying a little extra for food then I would say this place is about the best you will find in las vegas for Lebanese food.  I love the fact that this guy makes his own bread!  Yummy, but it kind of sucks because he is always yelling at his kitchen employees and you can hear it while you eat, but hey maybe thats why his food is soo good.  I would recomend it to anyone.笑
By far the best salad I have ever had. I got the Hedary's half salad with chicken. The portions are huge.  Being Celiac, it is hard to find places that understand and take care of you. Our server Mike was so awesome. He made sure that I was safe and that we knew what was in my husband's plate just to be safe. I wish there were more Mike's in this world.  The food was really good. Prices were very resonable. Especially since the portions are so big.  I recommend everyone try this place when they are in Las Vegas. And if possible, ask for Mike. He will take great care of you.笑
This place is awsome! The best Mediterranean food in Las vegas. The menu is large with lots of authentic options and good portion sizes. This place blows market grill out of the water. Our server Michael was very friendly and knowledgeable and you could tell that he loved the food as much as we did..great guy. I give this place a 5 star rating across the board. Perfect in every way!笑
Now I have ordering down to a science. Please try the Fatoosh salad with lamb or gyro, or what I did last night, lamb AND gyro (what! what!). Get the Mezza if you are feeling peck-ish but not ravished for food, and your table would like to bond via sharing (..is caring)-- you will get like 12 appetizer dishes (includes baba G and hummus and fallafels for all those who dig it)  I thought I hated couscous until I tried theirs. I polished off the plate. Any way, the Mezza is a great deal for only $25. Another entree I would recommend is HUMMUS MA-LAHM w/ gyro. DELICIOUS! Go for the Pellegrino, they don't charge an outrageous price for sparkling water. ENJOY! Don't forget they close Sun and Mon :(笑
I absolutely love it here. I can never get enough and it is never old. The lunch specials are amazing. I would recommend everything on the menu. I haven't had anything disappoint me yet. They always change the beer and wine selection and its always fun when they have something new in for me to try.笑
This is the best Lebanese food in town! Everything is phenomenal! The lentil soup is divine--perfectly creamy and yellow. The homemade pita is delicious and fluffy and hot. The meat is cooked perfectly and service is excellent. I had the vegetarian plate with dolmas and falafel and I was so stuffed, I had to take it home. This is definitely a good choice for a healthy lunch option.笑
The best restaurant in Las Vegas!!! I visit here weekly and the food is always excellent!! The presentation and colorful dishes are always artfully prepared. The service is always friendly and I have never had a bad experience. Mike is there weekdays for lunch and always remembers what I like to order and is great at conversation and offering me the latest dishes or drinks to try. This is a unique restaurant in that they not only serve Mediterranean cuisine, but Lebanese from their own special recipes. The dishes are always prepared fresh and healthy. They offer catering and happy hour during the week with great prices and Tapas sized dishes so you can just keep ordering and enjoying the best food in Las Vegas! Try the wines and sangria!!!! And don't forget the olive oil, very light and tasteful.笑
A friend of ours told us about this place.... glad she did because it's slightly hidden and I don't think we would have ever found it otherwise.  FOOD HERE IS DELISH!  We go at least a couple of times a week and so far we've loved everything we've ordered.  Our favorite is the Shrimp Scampi (they will prepare it with olive oil instead of butter and extra garlic if you ask... YUM!).  The feta cheese and olive platter is a great way to start your meal there.  If you're a coffee drinker, I'd recommend ending your meal with their Lebanese coffee!  Very friendly staff... Very reasonable prices... You won't be disappointed!笑
Outstanding!! Healthy and authentic. My husband loved it. He says "best kibbeh ever!! The food is homemade. We have tried many Mediterranean restaurants and we are highly impressed. We tried the mezza and ordered additional skewers. 
The service was great. They were extremely accommodating and wiling to substitute items on our mezza. 
We will definitely come back!!笑
The best places in Vegas are definitely NOT in any of the hotel/casinos and Hedary's is a prime example. Located WELL off the strip in a modest, unassuming strip mall is the best Mediterranean food I think I have ever had.

For starters, their pita bread is to die for. Easily the best I have ever had, by far. It's served hot and puffed up and it just absolutely incredible. You will definitely be ordering an additional basket of it.

The night we were there they had an appetizer special of Lebanese Halloume Cheese. OMG it was amazing!! It comes to the table flaming and the plate presentation is fantastic. After blowing out the flame I tasted the most incredible cheese dish I have ever had. 

I also had the Lebanese sausage that was recommended by other yelpers and it was great. Very spicy but flavorfully spicy, not just hot for hot's sake.

The hummus was great as was everything else. I will say I've had better gyro before but that doesn't mean the gyro at Hedary's wasn't good, just not the best. Skip the gyro and get everything else.

The reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is that the service just flat out sucked. We went with a couple of friends who said the service always sucks. In fact they said that they usually order their food togo cause the service is so bad. I'll deal with poor service for food this good though and I wouldn't let that keep you from going , especially if you like good Mediterranean food.笑
Add me to the list of people that love this place. Just tried it for the first time yesterday and the food and service was amazing. Hummus was fresh and the Beef Kabobs were perfect. Thank You.笑
great food and great service, the staff and chef are very friendly and make you feel welcomed. Highly recommend!笑
Tried this place because the reviews were good and it was close to my house. We eat a lot of Mediterranean food and it's one of our favorites so finding a good place close by would be cool. Unfortunately this place isn't it. The food was bland and the yogurt had a strange taste. The service wasn't what one would expect in a Mediterranean establishment. The service wasn't terrible but very "American diner" instead of what I was expecting.笑
The hummus came with some cucumbers and a pickled vegetable. My dinner mate found it lacking in authenticity, particularly because of the chickpea chunks. Chicken shish kabob for me, Kafta for him. Everything was cooked fine, served hot, with strong flavors.

I've got nothing bad to say, but there's just no "coup de foudre" here.笑
Some friends were in town and they wanted to try a new restaurant. We stumbled upon this place and noticed it was voted "Best of Las Vegas" in 2004 and 2007. How can you go wrong with that? We walk in and promptly get seated. I dont recall anything out of the ordinary in regards to the Middle Eastern ambience. On to the menu... We give it a look over and before we can even order, they give us some complimentary Ftayir, which is Lebanese bread. It was warm and tasty.

Our party ordered the following:

Most Popular Dish - Frarej - Half of a chicken baked with potatoes and ripe tomatoes, baked together so that the juices and flavors from the chicken and vegetables permeate each other, basted until golden with olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice.

Shawarma Plate - Beef grilled with tomatoes and seasoned onions, and served with Lebanese tarator sauce and a generous bowl of Lebanese rice.

Shish Kabob Combo - Lamb, Shrimp, Beef Kabob, tender and succulent cubed and charbroiled with fresh seasonal vegetables laid on a bed of Lebanese rice topped with seasoned onions.

The best out of the three was definitely the Beef Shawarma Plate. The chicken seemed a little dry and the shish kabob combo was good... but not excellent.

I'll answer my two favorite food questions, which I always ask:

Would you order that dish again? Yes. Shawarma. Excellent.
Would you eat here again? Maybe/Yes. It's not on my top 20 places to eat when were throwing restaurant names around, but if someone else wanted to eat here, I would probably go with them.

And of course, I added some pictures to stimulate your taste sense.笑
Had a great lunch there today. Our waiter was friendly and helped get our orders right. All of the food, from the appetizers to the entree, to the dessert was very good! Would definitely recommend and go again.笑
This a nice little place with good atmosphere and great food...Staff is friendly and they have a bar!笑
Love, love, love this place. I've been going 2-3 times a month for about the last six months. The service is always stellar and the food is always consistently delicious. 

Everyone I've taken there has had the same experience as well. 

No matter what day or time, I've never had to wait for a table, which is quite surprising being that i and others have always left more than satisfied.

Highly recommended!笑
This place is amazing.  If I had a chef for each day of the week it would be Mr. Hedary.  The service is always great and the place is easy to get in and out of.  I agree you should call first because as with most artists the hours of operations can change on a moments notice.笑
We had the gyros sandwiches and the hummus.  The  hummus was very good and attractively presented.  It came with three huge freshly cooked pitas that were puffed to about 5" thick .... Awesome ¡  The gyros had a bit of a different flavor than the Greek version but they were yummy.   At $11 we were a little shocked at the price but they were huge and served with more fries than we could eat.  I'd definitely go back.笑
Good food. Dinner is a bit overpriced for just two kabab skewers but the hummus that comes with the meal is worth it. Definitely coming back for the lunch since it's cheaper for the same food. Service was average.笑
Wanted to really try this place because of the fresh pita bread they serve hot out of the oven. The hot pita bread was just as I expected really good. I ordered the kabob combo which came with 3 different type, I ordered lamb, ground beef and chicken. It came with rice which was a bit greasy. The best kabob was the chicken it was moist tender and tasty. The lamb and ground beef was not that good. The lamb kabob was taste less and so was the ground beef. 

If I were to go back again I would just get the chicken kabob one of the best chicken kabobs I've had. The service was good and it was unlimited pita bread but you don't want to fill up it.笑
Some of the same kitchen staff that was here when it originally opened. Food was great and wait staff didn't miss a beat. 

Always great.笑
When you enter the place, it's small, quaint, intimate. The service is wonderful and very attentive. The decor reminds you of old school charm. And the freshness of the food penetrates the air and your taste buds. What an incredible little find this restaurant happens to be. I was greeted by a very knowledgeable  individual who looked to be part of the ownership. He explained the menu in detail. Helped me with allergy questions. And made me feel right at home for a party of one. Everything is made from scratch. The pita bread is made from scratch and it was the absolute best! They use an imported olive oil from Lebanon that they infuse with oregano. It was spectacular with the pita bread. I got just a sampling of the food. Starting with the hummus, it was absolutely incredible! Made with real all natural and fresh squeezed lemon juice!!  The falafel was crispy and very flavorful with a little kick from the red and green peppercorns they use instead of chilli flakes.  Next time, I will bring my boo and order up more to share with you. But let me tell you, this is some really good food, made with high quality ingredients and filled with love and passion for culture!笑
Great place! If you are craving freshly cooked, healthy and flavorful cuisine, Hedary's is the place to go. Their Mediterranean cuisine is full of flavor and deliciousness! I especially love their lunch specials--great prices for quality, fresh ingredients and food. Everything that I tried here from Greek and Fatoush salads to gyros, hummus and fish has been great. Very healthy! Take out service is quick and efficient. Bread is freshly baked. Hedary's is definitely becoming one of my favorite restaurants in town!笑
I suppose this place as aiight.

Me and my friend shared a plate of the meat combo entree and the grape leaf appetizers. It was definitely enough to fill us. Ended up paying $17 per person not including tip.

Overall I wasn't too impressed with the place. The decor was whatever. The service was really bad and ......Russian?? Who worked here who was from the Mediterranean really?

I probably would not come back. It was just so moderate on every level. If this is the best Vegas has got, then everyone ought to raise their standards.笑
I crave the fatoosh from here!!! So delicious! The happy hour menu is excellent and includes a gyro, sandwich, Sangria, and Hedary fries. There is only one type of hummus but it is very tasty and fresh, as is the pita bread. I love this place. 

My only complaint is that it is sometimes understaffed for how busy it gets.笑
If I had to list my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, Hedary's would definitely be in the top two. The food is fresh and delicious. I especially love the babaganoush with the hot pita bread, along with the fatoosh salad. My other "must have" is the lentil soup.....the ultimate comfort food.

Also, I have to compliment the waiter.  I don't know his name, but he is always so helpful and polite.

If you love great Mediterranean food and a relaxed, peaceful atmosphere, I recommend Hedary's,笑
Wonderful service..amazeing fresh cooked food..owner joey very humble and customer service is his prority.
Kabobs were full of flavor笑
Found this place on Yelp, and glad we chose to try it! Food and service was great! I will Definitely go back! Loved the fresh hot pita and hummus.笑
Went for an event (Stephanie S's birthday! yay!). This place is so tucked away in an obscure plaza that if you're going west on Sahara you're damn sure to miss the place  and have to make a u-turn.

Outdoor dining is a possibility which should be nice as the summer days approach and slowly starts to get nice in the evenings to be dining outside. Interior is decently decorated. I didn't get a chance to look around that much or even take a look at any of the other seating arrangements available.

Labni
 - Who would have thought a big bowl of yogurt with slices of cucumbers around the side, a pool of olive oil with i think dried mint leaves would make such a great appetizer especially paired with the puffed up "flat" bread. Got me thinking that if we as a culture scrapped the whole bread and butter deal at nice dine in restaurants and replaced it with flat bread and yogurt for dipping we'd go a long way in improving overall health. Cutting the butter and breads to replace them with less filling flat breads and much healthier for you yogurt over butter.

Halloum Cheese
- Dude! it's a block of cheese that's been fried on the outside...wait wait lets make it even better, Cheese? check! Fried? Check...now what? LETS SET IT ON FIRE!!! you read that right and due to Hedary's limited beer and wine menu, no i have not been drinking. The cheese is served to you while it's friggin on fire!

Okay enough with the fire i guess everyone wants to know how it tastes. Straight to the table and the flames die down the cheese is absolutely amazing. Definitely grab some bread, hack off a hunk of cooling cheese and one of the grilled mint leaves and you'll have one of the most amazing melds of flavors you wouldnt believe would go together. Toward the end the cheese tends to harden up but not to the point where it hurts to chew but still tastes damn good.

Roast Leg of Lamb
- To be honest the lamb shank didnt meet my expectations at all. For some reason i keep expecting lamb to tastes like...well...lamb. That gamey taste that people tend to hate i love because it's different and in lamb, at least to me, that's that makes it lamb. Now the shank was roasted to perfection as advertised. No trouble at all getting chunks of meet to fall right off the bone. What i got was a pretty small shank, at least in my opinion it was. The sauce that went was more on the sweet side then i would have liked. Everything else was pretty good. I just gotta stop ordering Lamb shanks thinking they're going to taste like lamb chops. 

Kibbi
- Okay i THINK this is the dish. Wasnt mine but i was offered some and i should have got this instead of the lamb shank. Not sure if the person who ordered it requested that they sub the ground beef for lamb meat but it was lamb meat and it was damn good. cant describe the seasonings but oh my god there was flavor in every single bite. 

Overall the prices of the entrees and even some of the appetizers will definitely have me thinking twice about eating here. Everything is a bit on the pricey side but it is worth the money if you know what to order. 

On the flip side, some of the sandwiches and wraps are so huge that it's totally justifiable for the price. If/when i do come back it'll most likely be for lunch or for a giant wrap. I can totally see myself here after work one of these days looking completely tired and miserable while nursing a shawarma with a side of fries just like The Avengers did. 

Yelp 100 - 027 of 100笑
One of my favorites around town. If you want a safe bet on good food, come here. They never let you down. 

The service is somewhat abrupt, but they get the job done and are always generous with the refills of drinks and pita bread. The servings are plentiful and delicious. I have pretty much had everything on the menu and I like it all. Some of the my favorites are the lamb schwarma sandwich, game hen, frarej (baked chicken in lemon & garlic juice) and the loubieh to start your meal off right. I also really enjoy their salads. They have lots of fresh ingredients the dressings are divine. If you get any of the sandwiches I recommend the fries. They have a great flavor and just the right crispy to soft ratio. If you're a fry lover like I am, you'll understand the importance of this.

This place is fantastic. I'll be back soon (as always).笑
This place is great. Remarkable customer service. Our waiter Mike is an experience that I will not forget in a long time. Easily ranked top waiter of all time. The food was quite good too, and we got Se extras. Prices affordable plus, and again, the service... Extraordinary.笑
I really love this place.  If I lived in Vegas, you'd find me here a LOT!  Cheap eats, REALLY outstanding Hummus, and just all around delicious  Mediterranean grub.  More food than you could possibly eat for under $10.  Great grilled food.笑
Very disappointed with Hedrays, we went there to enjoy a hopefully nice lunch. We had a party of 4, and ordered a $34 meal that was so small it wouldn't have been enough food for two little kids. The food was nothing special. What really set us off to leave this review, is when we received the bill they had added a sneaky 18% "service" charge. To a group of 4 people?? Like really?? And then they wanted a "tip" on top of there 18% service charge they charged our card? What a complete joke this place is. They were not busy and are probably trying to make up for being really slow, by being sneaky and adding a "service charge"... I have never had to pay a service charge, and then be asked to leave a tip on top of it. Complete joke!!!!! Never will go there!!!!!!!笑
I look for good gyro places all over the world, and this one is freggin delicious. Uses shaved meat instead of sheet meat in normal kebab places. I enjoyed it very much. Great homemade tatziki sauce. Not sure how to spell that but it's great. Natural cut fries were a nice addition too笑
The only flaw this restaurant has is that they are missing a "frequent eater package." Buy 5 eat one free for lunch like the Vietnamese Sandwiches. What am I saying, this place's lunch menu is a steal! The lunch items are about $10 bucks plus a free appetizer. The portions are ginormous considering it's lunch. 9 times out of ten, I order the game hen with lentil soup. The other time I order the frorej half-roasted chicken.  Both poultry items come out on top of a sizzling iron plate with roasted carrots, potatoes and onions.  I really love watching the hot pita balloons slowly deflate through out my meal. You know that's fresh! 

I eat here at least once a week, but now always to go. Why? The SMOKE! 5 minutes in this restaurant and you will come out smelling like BBQ. Someone please invest in another vent!!! This is why I knock Korean BBQ places. 

4.75 stars minus points for coming out stinky笑
When ordering the waitress told me I couldn't substitute a small salad for my rice, then told me I couldn't even buy a small side salad or even get plain lettuce.  I had to talk to the owner just to get some plain lettuce with my meal.  Unbelievable.笑
I'm sorry but I'm not sure they knew what Mediterranean food was, they had all the names down but not the flavors.  Everything seemed to be missing a little something. Maybe good if your really hungry.笑
Went here for lunch because I heard the food was great.  We started with hummus and baba ganoosh.  Both were fine, BUT we were distracted by the "chef" screaming and swearing at one of the servers.  Each of three times that she passed by the kitchen window he would stop what he was doing and just berate her.  It was awful.  My 8 year old finally said "is that guy making our food?  It is going to be sprinkled with hate".  My sentiments exactly.  We paid for our drinks and appetizers and left.  I really could not understand how the other patrons could just sit there like everything was okay.笑
The best Mediterranean/Lebanese Restaurant in Vegas! Food is consistent. Under new ownership now for 2 yrs and the owner is awesome. He's there all the time. Frarej, kabobs, hummus, the pita bread is yum and fresh! I tried the shrimp scampi for the first, it's to die for!  I have dined here for years and will always keep coming back!笑
I think it's the best we have had in Las Vegas!  The food was spot on and service top notch. It's about 10 more les from where we live but I don't care we will be back.笑
I went there with my family and ordered $40 worth of food. The service was okay however the food was bland, and there was nothing special about it. What lead me to leave this review was they tried to charge us for a service fee and then ask you too tip? They tried charging s 12% Service fee for what? Doing your job? Horrible笑
Great Lebanese! They have several hearty lunch options for under $10, each served with your choice of appetizer. Today I had kafta kabob served with rice and hummus on the side. The fresh baked bread is amazing.笑
Shrimp scampi, grape leaves, hummus , baba ganoush, fresh pita bread and more. All so amazing!笑
I came in and sat at the bar with a few friends this past week.  The customer service was incredible!  The bartender that took care of us name is Paul.  He was amazing.  He took great care of us, explained each drink we ordered and even took the time to make drinks upon our request.  Another bartender, by the name of Howse was a sweetheart, as well.  Great conversation with us and recommending things to do during our stay in Vegas.  The manager Steve, was amazing!  & Lawrence (Dylan) and Chef Josh were nothing less than amazing!!!  They brought out dishes for us to try.  It was a really great experience and I am so glad that my friends enjoyed themselves.  We will be back!  We loved the Merguez & Artichoke flat bread, BRUSSEL SPROUTS (A MUST!) & THE SPICY CIGARS WERE REALLY GOOD.  We will be back soon!!笑
I feel like a broken record with the 5 star reviews, but I guess I only feel moved to rate when I love a place.  I ate lunch here yesterday, and I believe that hands down, this is the best Mediterranean food I have ever had.  We ordered the humus for an appetizer, and it was quite good, although if you aren't into garlic, be warned it is heavy on the garlic.  One of my colleagues got the baba ganoosh as his side, and he shared with us.  I liked it more than the hummus, and I liked the radish and pickles served with both the humus and the baba ganoosh, nice touch and tasty.  The pita was totally awesome, fresh, hot, and puffed with air.  It was fun to deflate, tear, and eat with the dips.  Yummy.

I got the lentil soup as my side dish, and enjoyed it quite a bit.  Again, it tasted fresh and was nicely seasoned.  Nice portion, neither so little that you felt you needed more, nor so big it made you too full for your meal.

By this point, I was pleased with my meal, and the service BTW was great, very friendly and helpful without hovering.  But, when the main course came things really started to shine.  I got the kafta, and it was absolutely flawless.  Perfectly spiced, moist and flavorful.  It was two kebabs on a bed of rice pilaf which itself was also perhaps the best I have ever had - buttery yet light, and complimented the beef, onions, and tomato nicely.  I ate the meat with rice and either tomato or onion in each bite, and really enjoyed the chopped purple onion with the meat and rice a lot.  I cleaned my plate, and was satisfied but not stuffed.

Since I had a little room left, we ordered baklava for the three of us, and it was terrific.  Usually, I have been disappointed with baklava, finding it dry or over sweet.  This was flaky and moist with the nuts finely chopped, and just enough honey.  I loved it!

This place is small and homey, with nice background music and friendly service.  It is far from home, but I will be back as soon as I can.  Yum!笑
Hummus will never be the same for me after eating here! Their hummus is so good it blew me away!! All the food is amazing here. Great and fast service. Best Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas by far!笑
I went for lunch because I was craving hummus and actually went here on a flook because I saw the sign from Sahara Road and decided to give it a try.  First off, the pita bread is so amazing I could have just eaten that with the hummus.  The hummus was great.  It was garnished well but I could have used more peppers.  The lamb shishkabob looked great, smelled great and tasted great.  Hearing the cook yell from the kitchen, "more bread is coming, gimme a break!" wasn't annoying to me at all.  It just made me feel like I was at one of my friend's Greek uncles house.  It was great, a little pricey for lunch, but I will definitely go back again.  I should've broke my plate after the meal.  "OPA!"笑
Good food, good people.  What more can you ask for!
Had the farej, gyro, hummus, lemonade, and baklava.笑
I really liked this place.  The decorating was absolutely horrible, but the food was delicious, and the service was very efficient.  Our magdoos, schwarma, and meat combo came out about 10 minutes after we ordered it, and everything was awesome.  My favorite was the beef kebab, which was kind of surprising.  I'm generally more into ground beef kebabs, because the regular kind tend to be too dry for me.  Hedary's beef kebab was tender, juicy, and absolutely perfect.  I was in a meat coma all night, but it was so worth it.  :)笑
We stopped in during work cup soccer season. Greece V Costa Rica. Really cute and clean. Fabulous way to spend an afternoon. We grazed for nearly 4 hours!! Michael our waiter was so attentive and passionate about our food going into great detail about each dish. The house  Red Sangria ( they also have white) was excellent. We started with 'Fatosh' a mediterranian type salad . Adding to the table was an excellant dip baba ganoosh with this crazy tasty pita bread that looked like it had been put on steroids. Frarej ..oh yes!! This was an Amazing roasted chicken . I mean over the top. Yum.. the shish kebab combo a skewer of satisfaction.  Yep had that as well! It was shrimp & lamb (not both on the same skewer)
Served on a bed of seasoned rice similar to a pilaf. Again it was excellent.  HALF TIME . Great chance to take an eating break and we moved towards the liqueors. Michael introduced us to a Lebanese grape liqueor that is slow fermented through a 5 step process and a hint of aniseed is added. Somewhat similar to sweet ouzo . I liked that alot, probably to much :) Arak fakar. Ask for that for sure!  Honestly. I don't eat or drink this much but with the world cup soccer match so exciting and the chef was from Costa Rica how on earth could we leave when the match went into extra time. Better try the Lebanese coffee.. Really powerful but subtle.
The soccer match was now going to a penalty kick shoot off. Perfect time for desert!  We tried two of them ( just in case) we started with shabiet, a light cream custard baked in a filo pastry and paieed it with the white sangria Wasn't a huge fan of the shabiet,however our contingency plan worked well as the baklava. Layers of filo pastry pistachio nuts and a sweet butter. Oh yes!. I couldn't resist another coffee . The check. All this for hours and hours of an amazing afternoon just $100.00.
Again in the Lebanese tradition the hospitality was so welcoming.  
We will return!
Thanks to Michael and the adorable Chef.笑
Wow! The food at this restaurant is outstanding! We love Mediterranean food and glimpsed the sign as we were driving on Sahara and decided to stop and give it a try. It has a homey environment and I will say the service is a bit slow, but that's typical of European eating and they are friendly enough that I won't zap them a star over it, just don't be in too big of a hurry if you're eating there. We've been there now about 4 times in the last 2 months and it has become our go-to place when we want something close to home that's really good and casual. Highly recommend the food at this restaurant, warm pita bread, lean meats perfectly spiced and healthy, our ultra picky vegetarian friend even raved over it!笑
This place is awesome. Tonight was my first experience there but it definitely won't be my last. They stayed open late to accommodate our huge group that showed up at the last minute. The food was outstanding and the service was amazing. I will definitely be back!笑
This place was delicious! Loved the small setting, decor, and the food was off the charts! I will be hosting events there and using them for catering for sure! YUM YUM YUM!笑
We came here for Stephanie's birthday!

This was my first time here...it was really quiet! I was a little worried since we were the only ones here, but the food was pretty good!

I shared the Meat Combination (Beef Kabob, Kafta, Mqaniq, Sujuk and kibbi) with rice and grilled tomatoes :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=wVgo5MaohDWNuudZWWwfJg#wVgo5MaohDWNuudZWWwfJg

The Sujuk + Kafta were my favs...and there was plenty of meats to share! I know I wouldn't have been able to eat this all by myself! Some of the meats were a little boring though for Mediterranean food...usually there are so much spices, oils, and herbs that you get taste explosions!

The fresh hot pita bread was great...and it went well with the Labni Matoom : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=Her-ahGJyXT1Weqe5jTPWw#Her-ahGJyXT1Weqe5jTPWw

Which is dry yogurt mixed w/ garlic, mint & a sprinkle of olive oil. It was a good dipping sauce for the bread.  Thanks for letting us try it Vanessa :)

And to finish, we tried the Shabiet : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=idVR6U32ixUw4kNzHOsiIg#idVR6U32ixUw4kNzHOsiIg

Which is layers of filo pastry stuffed with our milk custard, Topped with honey and crushed pistachios. Different...good! Slightly similar to baklava, but more fluffy and lighter...not as saturated with honey. Yum.

I've definitely had better in town, but this is a good place to check out if you are nearby.笑
Some of the best Mediterranean food that I had in Vegas.  Good food.  Friendly service...most of the time ;-).  Nice atmosphere.笑
"It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! "

My husband, a friend, and I went to Hedary's. My husband had been taken there by this friend of ours before, and he raved about the food. 
We were all excited to go have a good meal together. The place has some good reviews, and I like middle eastern food from time to time, and have had a great deal of it over the years living in New York City. 

We got there, ordered a good mix of dishes and I asked for a Turkish Coffee, one of my favorites.
We were enjoying the meal, and the coffee came served in one of those Turkish coffee things. I was drinking my coffee, and I saw a coffee bean floating around in it, I thought nothing of it and grabbed a spoon to pluck it out. It was not a coffee bean. It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! EWWWWWW!
I showed it to my husband and our friend, who was a regular there, and they were both mortified. We asked waitress to come over and I said quietly "excuse me, but I think we have a problem here" she glanced at the roach on my spoon and said "oh sorry, we can get you another coffee on the house if you like". Another Coffee on the house? If I like? Are you kidding me? I would expect them to apologize profusely, have the manager come over and offer a comped meal. Nope. Nothing.  As though it happens all the time.
As I sat in shock and disbelief, and watched my friends eat their food, with extra care and attention, I looked over at the wall, and what did I see but more bugs dead on the wall!. I just wanted to run outta there.
Its sad because this place is supposed to have great food, but if the staff acts like this thing happens all the time, and is all casual about something like this, who knows???!!!


The messed up thing is we told our friend the exterminator that he should give this place a call to give them a good spraying, and Hedary's turned him down! Like they didn't have a problem.

Yuk笑
Just felt like having Middle Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine for a late lunch.. I searched for the few remaining high ranked restaurants ('Off the strip') that I haven't yet visited and this place showed up as one of them.. Pretty solid at 49 reviews for Vegas and 4 1/2 stars..

Their *50th review*

Compliementary bread basket: came with a Pair of Warm Oven Fresh Pita looking breads. Oh so good! 

(Labeled) "*Most Popular*" - Frarej (Lebanese baked chicken): "Half of a chicken baked with potatoes & ripe tomatoes, basted until golden with olive oil, garlic & lemon juice". If you like garlic and you like lemon then you may find a match made in Heaven's or Hedary's kitchen! Chicken had a nice golden brown skin and meat was juicy and bone lickin' good!! Potatoes and Tomatoes supported the chicken Very Well and the sauce (be careful, sauce came Piping Hot like XXX degrees!) underneath the pan/plate was ready to be licked clean! Super Super Tasty Dish!!! Its like that Neighborhood Grocery - Rotisserie Chicken But with a Crispier skin, Infused with Garlic and Lemon Juice.. 

The Atmosphere was a bit cozy and a little dark (opening their shutter blinds a little more may help). Service was lacking a bit, I think my server was too busy playing "words with friends" on her phone to even bother checking on me.. I got here around 3:40pm and found that if I came by 3:00pm (11-3pm lunch time menu and prices) I would of paid around $13.00 plus a choice of hummus or soup or.. Instead, I ended up paying around $18.00 for the same exact size plate they serve at lunch and without any hummus or soup or.. Big Difference.. Not their fault, Just a Tip for those that don't know. And I think $18.00 was expensive for this chicken dish alone.. However, It was an Easy 5 Star dish for taste! In Conclusion, come here for lunch if possible and hopefully your server is a little more attentive..笑
Well, here's another worthwhile addition to my "Vegas Black Book of  Off-the-Strip Restaurants."

In South Orange County we have Panini Cafe on Pacific Coast Highway in Corona Del Mar; an excellent "kabob" stop. (see my review) And now, in my opinion, I've discovered another "yelp hidden gem"; what many locals in West Vegas already know.

Hedary's is a Middle Eastern restaurant that's faithful to its advertised cuisine. And trust me on this one... as an example, if you're looking for a delicious chicken shish kaboob, at an incredibly reasonable price, then you will definitely be impressed and satisfied here. The chicken is well seasoned, and has a great grilled flavor. Somehow, they impart that charcoal grilled flavor, while using what I believe is a gas grill. For about $14, you get three large skewers of really big chicken chunks, along with sweet grilled onions, red bell peppers and large whole mushrooms. Add a great bed of flavorful browned rice, plus added veggies, and you have enough food for two. And not only is the entree serving super generous, it was as good as that kabob I photographed for my review at Panini Cafe.

Without knowing how huge the servings were at Hedary's, we ordered the Mezza, which is twelve dishes of vegetarian appetizer items; ($24). It's enough to easily feed two, if not three or four, (including falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, prep'd yogurt, various veggies pickled and prepared, and more). Of the two chicken shish kabob entrees we ordered, we could only eat half of the first. We ended up taking much of the mezza, and nearly all of the kabob overage home in an iced cooler. (I was in town on business, and put the overage in our cooler for the trip home the next morning.)

If you want to try a proven "off the strip" restaurant, and you love Mediterranean/Middle Eastern, then you definitely should do Hedary's.笑
Items ordered, starter, fresh humus and pita bread,  entrees, Beef Shish Kabobs with fresh vegtables that included roasted jalapeno and the Frarej, a wonderful lemony roasted chicken with ripe tomatoes and potatoes basted in lemon, garlic and olive oil. 
I'll be honest I don't eat Mediterranean food often but I know good fresh food when I taste it. So when I see fresh steaming pita bread being served I started salivating and the humus was excellent. With the shish kabob the beef was tender and the veggies perfectly done. The chicken with the Frarej was tender, juicy and full of flavor, I must say if you don't care for lemon skip this dish but I loved it. I've officially put Mediterranean food as a viable option when considering dinning out and Hedary's is the reason why.笑
We were impressed with this restaurant. It's obvious everything is made in house with fresh quality ingredients. The service is friendly and the atmosphere was comforting. And as a bonus for us pet owners they offer a pet friendly outdoor area.笑
With a vegan Stepmother eating time does pose a challenge, but thanks to her I was introduced to some really wonderful Mediterranean food in Hedary's. It is tucked away in a tiny strip mall, but true gems are worth the "hunt" for and this was one of those elements.

Staff wise they are superb and overly inviting (they gave off that family vibe and appeal which made the lunch session that much more enjoyable). Our waitress literally was on her 1st day, but with service like she gave she made a customer out of me. If I could've caught her name I'd gladly give her some recognition, but overall everyone who helped us during the meal was just amazing!

Food wise I had the roasted chicken sandwich which came highly recommended. The chicken was so moist and seasoned to perfection (it had a hint of pepper, but not much else). The garlic sauce it was drizzled in was just so creamy yet sent my taste buds into overdrive. I even had to do a side note for the pita bread as it was not too heavy and really soft each bite (no soggy after tones either). That was by far the best of the best I've had anywhere. 

Since they are right down the street from my Stepmother's employer I can certainly see myself ready for round #2 and 3 and 4..Ha-ha! Very well done indeed!笑
Excellent food and service. Had the hummus and kabobs, chicken, steak and shrimp.  Can't wait to go back.笑
I am so happy I found this little gem! The food is so delicious! The owners use high quality fresh ingredients, and everything is made from scratch!!! You can literally taste the love and passion that was pored into each dish. Give this place a visit you won't be disappointed!笑
Oh Hedary's how I love you so.

Great food - love the hummus, their pita bread is fresh, and their rice plates, sandwiches, and "pizza" is superbly flavorful and decently priced.

I have yet to find a Med. restaurant in Vegas that tops Hedary's in every way. If you have, then let me know so I can rotate.笑
Have eaten here for years and always loved the food. Figured I'd stop by and grab a falafel sandwich and it was nothing like it used to be. Very sad the new owners don't have a clue. Also now way over priced. I played $13 for this with no fries used to be like $8-9 with fries and got it to go. No napkins no bag and asked twice for some hot sauce which is not the old homemade stuff they used to have that was like crack. No this is Frank's with water added....wtf. Then I asked the waiter why he didn't offer me the lunch special ( falafel plate) that was cheaper and came with hummus ? He responded oh I didn't even notice that sorry. It's alright food sucks now won't be back . I wish I would have taken a picture because compared to the picture on here of the sandwich this thing was repulsive.  Keep in mind alot of these pictures on here are from the old ownership.笑
I'm not a Mediterranean food or shawarma expert but I got the shawarma sandwich for lunch and it was great. Got it twice last week once with lamb and once with chicken! Really delicious! I loved the lamb but the chicken was perfect.  When you walk in it's very clean and a well kept place.  Staff is super nice. Will definitely be back!笑
So we decided to give this place a try since we live near by. We ordered the mixed salad platter which had way too much garlic and lemon. Also ordered some shish kabob which was way overcooked and was like rubber. Leaving aggravated and unhappy I would have to say that I would not be coming back here again.笑
Two stars just because one of the kefte tasted good everything else was over salted. Service sucked too! Took 40min for my dish and not once did the waitress came to say you ok need anything or food should be coming out soon. The reason I went cause of all the positives on yelp and I was in the area. I just might have gone at a bad time but that's no excuse. There are Other much better places for middle eastern in town.笑
Stopped in this past weekend to find that the ownership has changed. I was told that the recopies are all the same. We only sampled a couple of items, but everything was good--reminding me of the previous incarnations I had enjoyed.

A big plus to the new ownership is the owner's front-of-house attentiveness! Lunch had several tables in use, but they were all well taken care of and immediately cleaned and set. He was on the go, working hard to maintain a high standard that was clearly noticeable. 

I'll venture back sometime to check out some more items on the menu, but so far the change appears to be a good one!笑
I love this place. I was really scared when the original owners sold it that it wouldn't be the same, but I think it is. The only thing that tastes different is the lentils soup. It's more peppery now. Love their hummus, shish kabobs, euro, fries, fried cheese appetizer (can't remember name, insanely delicious), Greek salad, 1/2 chicken, shrimp scampi.  My family and I eat here a couple of times a month. Everyone I've ever taken here loves it. It is all so good!笑
If you have not been to Hedary's Mediterranean Restaurant you have not experienced perfection in Middle Eastern dining.

Dropped in for a leisurely lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  Somewhat surprised that at 2 o'clock they were VERY busy.  As soon as we ordered I understood the reason for the full dining room!

Started with  the tender dolmas.  Delicately seasoned and beautifully presented. The lentil soup with fresh baked pita was equally flavorful. We then had lamb kebabs and kibbi for our entrees.  Tender chunks of lamb and vegetables perfectly grilled.  The kibbi were tremendous  balls of ground sirloin and bulgur with a center of pine nuts and spices

The owner Joseph stopped by and talked about the dishes.  His enthusiasm for his restaurant was evident.

This will be one of our new favorite restaurants!笑
Best taboulee ever! But for some reason, I hate their hummos. Amazing, fresh pita bread baked in house!

This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas but the last few times I've been, the only things that haven't disappointed is the bread and taboulee.笑
Great little restaurant to try. The food was amazing he service was great. Would recommend if you are looking to eat Mediterranean food.笑
Great food. Nice atmosphere. Good service. And now has alcohol. Salads and sandwiches are delicious. Will be back.笑
Pros...Cafe, but fancier cafe, atmosphere.  So  closer to classy than casual..    Somewhat exotic atmosphere.  A few outdoor cafe tables.  Good service, sometimes just one guy having to run around for every table.  Tasty food, especially the fresh baked pocket bread, hummus, tabouli!  

Cons...All the tables are very close to each other, so it makes the romance level lower.  Prices are just a little high for what you're getting.笑
I travel to Las Vegas twice a month for business. I avoid the Strip (like all of the locals.) When I find a place like Hedary's, I add it to my list of places not to miss.
I am Lebanese and I can tell you from many years of experience, this is the real deal. The best deal in the house is the mezza...it's an offering of almost everything they have. When you visit Lebanese homes, you get treated to a tray like this as a matter of course...BEFORE dinner. But you'll never make it to dinner.
If you're daring, try the Kibbe Nye.笑
This place is great! We had the hummus and sirloin grape leaves for apps. Then the main was steak, chicken and shrimp kabobs! To die for!!! The dessert was a custard dish and we had pineapple mojitos. Everything including the service was awesome!! We will be coming back soon笑
I was on a weekend visit to Las Vegas and usually every time I visit Las Vegas I love going out to different restaurants. There is a middle eastern restaurant that I visit always but it was closed during the weekend I was there. So I thought I try this place. I was there on a Friday night. The place atmosphere is pretty decent. I was real hungry so I ordered a Hummus plate as an appetizer and a Kafta plate for my main meal. The hummus plate came with 3 freshly baked pita bread. The bread was excellent. It really came straight from the oven. The hummus was about $8 bucks. And it had a generous portion I would say. But I would expected it to taste a lot better. To me it seemed like it was a hummus straight from a ready to eat can, and they just added some olive oil and pickles to it. So it wasn't that tasteful to me and I have had Hummus for many years. The main dish, Kafta, was about $18 bucks. It seemed to be on the pricy side but like I said I was visiting and I was very hungry. It was three skewers of Kafta on a bed of rice and I ordered a side of tahini sauce. Again it was a lot of food but you are basically paying for it. The Kafta's came straight from the grill with the metal skewer in them. That was the first weird thing to me. It was super hot. I mistakenly burned my finger trying to take the metal skewer out. I didn't understand their logic on leaving the metal skewer in. It should have been removed once the meat is cooked and taken off the grill. The Kafta seemed a bit too dry and again lacks the flavor. It could be perfect if they just mixed it the right way and didn't have it on the grill for too long. The rice was ok. So bottom line is, the restaurant it self if pretty decent environment and the service was pretty good. But they should cut down the prices. And they should higher a new chef.笑
Staff is super friendly and stay on top of things always caring if you need anything. Always ask if everything taste ok. Which I got to say the food always taste the same! This is why I give it 5 STARS because the 1st you come you'll love the food it tastes amazing and it will never change. 

Love when food is consistent and with amazing service this is my favorite spot!笑
I love this spot, it is right across from my office which of course is how I started going here over the last few years.  The only time I am not happy with this place is when someone calls in sick or the owners go on vacation or some reason they just are shut down and you see a sign on the door!! Oh well no biggie.  Their fatoosh salad is to die for.  It's a large portion too, so you feel full and no meat needed, but added gyro meat is always a plus.  Great fresh ingrediants, I'm never disappointed.  All the normal great things like their hummus, tabulli, hot fresh pita breads.  Shrimp scampi is awesome with their Lebanese rice.  Gyros love them and their fries are sometimes a little soft for me, but still good.笑
Hedary's is legit Lebanese food.  Really yummy mango juice (more like a nectar and not overly sweet).  Solid hummus, good tabouli and Greek salads, and an incredible lentil soup.  Falafel are flavorful and not overly fried, although the sandwich was a bit on the dry side (needed more veggies/sauce to balance out the grittiness of the falafel balls).  Pita bread alone is worth the visit here- sweet, puffy, and served hot out of the oven.  I definitely want to come back for their lunch specials, and to try the shrimp scampi (ordered by the table next to us- smelled and looked amazing!).  Hummus, pita & that lentil soup are better here than anywhere else in the valley.笑
This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant. What you'll find here is real Lebanese food, with standout lebni (soft cheese for dipping), kafta (skewered burger) and big pillows of hot pita.

I go for the kibbi, because practically no one in town makes it, and nobody makes it like this. Kibbi is a shell of bulghur, lamb and spices encasing a filling of meat, onion, pine nuts and spices. It's a labor-intensive dish (I know...I've tried) and this is made with love. Served on a bed of fragrant pilaf and a yogurt dipping sauce, I'm in lamb-y, happy kibbi heaven every time I have it.

Finish with the rice pudding. Seriously. It's wondrous.

Everyone that says to call ahead is right. You take your chances when you just show up. But when you call ahead and get a machine, you can pretty much bet they're not open. Call twice just to be safe.笑
Joy and I love Hedary's quite relaxed and cas.  I had my mind set on a gyro and their fresh home made fries.  To are surprise we were their for happy hour, between 3-6pm.  We decided to try some of these dishes for excellent prices.  Chicken skewers on a bed of rice,  gyros sliders, hummus plus and of course the fries.  To good, to much, Joey's the man.  Returning soon.笑
Love this place.  Been looking for a great gyro since the Mad Greek closed.  Finally found it, gyro is awesome.  Wife loves the tabouli and we both love the hummus.  Service is great too. We've been 3 times in the last week!笑
Good food.  Did not know you had to order bread to start. All around us people got homemade pita. Service food. We had meat combo and chicken.  Excellent!笑
One of my all time faves!! You can't go wrong! Everything is amazing! They make the BEST BABAGANOUSH i have ever had.笑
Third time is the charm.  A little reputation for not necessarily being open during their posted hours forcing me to take my $ elsewhere.  This time, on a return visit to Vegas, I finally caught them open!

A cute and intimate 2-rooms of dining, little white lights, and traditional music in the background.  The service is lovely, friendly, and inviting. The menu had about 8 things I wanted to try, but I opted for the beef shawarma ($16.50).

Oddly, only 6 diners on a Friday night at 830pm; a positive, very quick service.  The shawarma smelled amazing, with onions, chunks of tomatoes, and spices (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#b4Za0Nt0-AFGipOpR_W8vQ).  It wasn't what I was used to, as the meat was diced (not shaved), and while tasty, the flavor was mostly onion, and I prefer the dominant spice as garlic. It also was served with a small rice pilaf, but no other sides (salad, nor tahini, nor garlic sauce, nor hummus, etc).  So I can't say it was a winner.

As an appetizer, I did have an order of hummus (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#tXwkmvXgKInfbNj7wyx5GQ) -- fresh, good, a lot of tahini, and the pita was served toasty and puffy...excellent (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA).  The lentil soup is supposed to be amazing here, but they were serving a lamb soup instead -- so I passed.

So, while it wasn't the best Mediterranean food of all time, I'd like to try a few more items.  Overall, it was a worthy experience, and therefore, another trip or two is in my future.笑
We visited this restaurant on a Sunday evening around 6:30. We were a little concerned because we were the only customers, but decided to give it a chance because the reviews were so positive. We weren't disappointed! The house-made lemonade is the best I've ever had. The kabobs....Oh my goodness! So good. The rice was amazing. The service was outstanding. A few other parties came while we were there. Sunday must be their slow night, but that was fine by me!笑
Few things in the world make me as happy as a good falafel and a bowl of delicious lentil soup. Beans are brilliant, and when cooked up in either one of these concoctions, they are close to infallible. At Hedary's, they do these beans beautifully. 

I have dined at Hedary's on numerous occasions. However, recently I had avoided Hedary's. Finally, I decided I had to go back as the lentil soup was calling me. Resistance was futile. We returned for lunch, and I am slapping myself for all of the bowls of lentil soup I have been missing. 

The lunch specials are a great value, highly recommended for all of you lunch break peeps. I ordered the falafel plate, which comes with about 6 big falafels, a cucumber salad with mint yogurt dressing, hummus, pita and a bowl of soup or salad for $7.95. In case you were wondering, I get the lentil soup, which is a yellow lentil, blended lightly like a dal and spiced perfectly with heavy pepper. They serve it piping hot, and if I could fill a bathtub with it, I would. The big, puffy pita are also fresh and delicious.

As for the falafel, they have fava beans, which some may not like, but I think they are delicious, and they have the best consistency of any falafel I have had Vegas. The kind of pop open when you slice them with the edge of your fork, which to me is the sign of a winner! They are not salty or overly fried. This may be my overall favorite falafel currently, but you have to be able to appreciate the fava flavor. 

My hub went with the Cornish hen lunch special, and you get the whole hen! Impressive. The roasted carrots that are served with the hen would make a bunny a sad addict, i.e. these things are tasty!

The service can be a little abrupt, but the hot, nomalicious eats that I consistently receive more than make up for that. Hey, they could throw falafel balls at me, and as long as they were tasty and landed in my mouth, I would be back for more. (I would just ask for a free bowl of lentil soup to make up for the poor service.)笑
I love Mediterranean food and enjoy it more when it's not cookie-cutter, chain-restaurant food. This little place is very enjoyable- not fancy or anything, but feels authentic and homemade. 

The items are priced a bit high- the prices will limit my visits, but the food I had was mostly terrific. I had the gyro platter with fatoush, and my companion and I shared hummus, baba ganoush and the freshly made pitas. Mmmm- everything was full of flavor!  

Which leads to my only criticism. 

I love garlic. I love it more than the average person, it seems. I wanted the baba ganoush because I knew it would be garlicky.  But the afternoon we were there the garlic was soooo strong my tongue was tingling and my mouth hurt!  The salad actually verged on being inedible. I took it home to see if i could dilute it with additional lettuce, but by then the garlic had mellowed a bit so it didn't hurt. Wow. 

I'll definitely come back, but if that's how they always use garlic, I might have to get my fatoush & ganoush fix elsewhere.笑
From Draegan (who is 9):
"This  restaurant  was the  most  tasteful  restaurant  I  have  ever  eaten  at.    Right   when  I  took  a  bite   my  taste-buds  popped  up  in  joy!! I  couldn't  believe  how  good  their rolled  pizza   was.  If  you  want  to  go  to  a  great  restaurant  go  to  Hedary's  Mediterranean  Restaurant."笑
What a find.  The chef personally helped us select our lunch.  I had the Kafta and baba kanoush.  Fantastic.  Couldn't finish it.  Dinner tonight as well.

It's right in our back yard but would be worth going 50 miles for if it weren't.笑
I used to go here very regularly when I lived closer. It's one of the better Mediterranean places in town. This restaurant is just like Khoury's down in the SW part of town (same owner, I believe, and almost identical menus). Khoury's makes their bread better, but no complaints about Hedary's. Every dish I've ever ordered at Hedary's has been good. I've never ordered anything I didn't like, whether one of their sandwiches or entrees.笑
I came back only after a couple of days of having dinner at Hedary's and tried the lunch special - half a baked chicken with potatoes and choice side of hummus. 

The chicken was so yummy - tender with lot's of garlic and seasoning that was so flavorful. I devoured the two pitas brought to me with the hummus! 

So good, I'll be definitely be a regular at Hedary's!笑
Mediterranean is my favorite cuisine- and chicken shwarma is one of my favorite dishes. Add in a great garlic sauce, and you'll have me eating out of your hand! Alas, Hedary's food is too bland to warrant additional visits for me.

Opted to combine the best aspects of the Shwarma and Roasted Chicken sandwiches on the menu by getting a chicken shwarma with garlic sauce. Side defaults to potatoes, subbed the tabouli (which was an unreasonable charge). Total came to $17- not thrilled about that.

Sandwich was just okay. Pita was tasty enough, but the meat wasn't particularly flavorful- the seasoning mix was lacking, garlic sauce was bland, I was underwhelmed. The tabouli side is a standard cup for $3.25- same portion is a dollar less to sub during lunch, for no apparent reason, and the dish itself is fragrant but again- BLAND.

Service was polite but slow. Interior is nicely decorated and they appear to have hookah available for the patio seating. Location somewhat difficult to see from the street as it is behind another building.

NOTE: Menu states there is a $3 $4 $5 Mon-Fri HH, but no actual special menu appeared to be available?笑
Absolutely outstanding food.  There were four of us... two adults and two kids and we arrived around 5pm for an early dinner.  This was a Saturday night and nobody was in the restaurant.  Seated right away, and drinks arrived lickity-split.

We ordered four different entrees so we could try a variety of food and everything was exceptional.  Had the service been a little better this would have been a 5-star review.  However, from the time we ordered until the food arrived was over 50 minutes.... damned near an hour.

What's worse is our server never once came by to check on us or tell us our food would be arriving shortly or anything.  I can't imagine how slow it would be on a busy night... if there are any.

We left at 6:30 after a ninety minute visit and still... the restaurant was empty.... on a Saturday night.

People like good food but SERVICE brings them back.  Tighten the screws Hedary!!!笑
So fresh. Easy to tell they make everything from scratch here. Wish I could give it more than 5 stars.笑
Amazing food and coffee and the best customer service I believe my waiters name was Michael he was on it with service I will for sure be coming back I'm on my lunch break so I couldn't take advantage of this but they sell wine and beer so that's a plus笑
The Lebanese halloume cheese was awesome. It's an appetizer dish with flaming cheese. The shawarma plate was excellent as well. The meat was tender and tasty. However, their service was slow and they ran out of chicken on a Friday night! You could also hear the chef complaining and yelling from the kitchen. Great food, bad service.笑
The bread and hummus were excellent. My kids had the shawarma sandwich "lamb" and the shawarma plate and they were very good according to them. My wife had the beef shish kabob, very good also and not dry, the grilled veggies that came with it were also very good. I have had the kafta and frarej, both were very tasty. For dessert we had the shabiet, between the four of us we shared one order because we were all full and it was an excellent finish to our meal.笑
Late review. Tried this place with my sister a year ago. I guess the raging 5 star reviews were when it was still owned by the first owner. They had sold it to a very nice American lady. Service was great the new owner is very nice but the food is lacking EXTREMELY! The chicken shawarma tasted like chicken fajitas. The garlic sauce was soooo bland and the owner said she added potatoes to it to make it consistent. Growing up in Michigan where the majority of population are Iraqis and marrying a middle eastern man I know how to make a lot of dishes and know what their food is suppose to taste like. I wouldn't come to this place again. I have yet to find a good middle eastern restaurant here in Vegas... So sad :(笑
Using Yelp! for the first time, I opened up a Talk requesting suggestions for a good Lebanese - Falafel/Shawarma - restaurant. Out of 3 suggested, we opted to go for the Off-Strip (practically at the edge of town just off Sahara Avenue) since a suggestion was Yelp!ed while at the restaurant.

Hedary's is located in a strip-mall just off the main road. As we parked, we were a bit apprehensive on the quality, since it was pretty much way out of main town area and it's location.

Pleasantly surprised as we walked in. Typically 'bistro' sort of environment. Cosy, warm, intimate, not imposing nor overwhelming.

We, unfortunately, got the table immediately to the right of the door. In direct impact of the cold air each time the door was opened. (This is the reason of 4 stars instead of 5 - Owner needs to do something about the cold draught of air)

Amongst use we ordered:
Filafil (Falafel ) Sandwich - wrapped in Pitta/Lebanese Bread
Filafil (Falafel) Plate - assemble your own 'sandwich' - comes with appetizer - we ordered Baba Ghanoush.
Lamb Shawarma.

The Pitta or Lebanese Bread was just wonderful. That and and a table portion appetizer of Hummus or Baba Ghanoush can make a nice light lunch!

The Shawarma was great. 'Juicy' was the adjective being bandied about.

We followed that with a single portion of Baklava. Wonderful. The only other time I have had Baklava this good was back in UK - in a Turkish Restaurant. Warm, crunchy, sweet - perhaps a tad extra rose flavor, but not something I can complain about.

All in all a wonderful experience and definitely a place to visit again before we leave Vegas and one that can be recommended in a snap.

Only realized after the meal, while complimenting the waitress and the owner that Hedary's has received 'Best of Vegas' for 2 years. Not surprised at all. 

We are: Indians (as in Bombay) 
From: Georgia
Here for: Vacation笑
Have some decent experience with various Mediterranean and Greek foods...this place is the best I've had in the valley by a mile. I sampled Shwarma, hummus, Tibulli, and Gyro. All 5 stars and fresh! The only downside was the pita wasn't the best I've had (Khoury's takes this crown) but you will love the staff and the food here!笑
Amazing food, great ambiance... definitely a hidden gem. Been really looking for a nice, cozy Middle Eastern restaurant for a while now and so glad I came across this place. I tried the Beef kabob & it's probably the best I've had so far! The presentation is great, the tabuli was definitely good, the pita bread was made fresh and oh wow the Baba ganoush is sooooo smoky and ooooh! Definitely a must try! :)笑
I love this place!!!! I work at dog supplies outlet up with street and the owner shops at our location for his pups.  He's told me before about his restaurant and said i should check it out.  So for Valentines Day my staff and i went to check it out.  It was amazing!!!! The atmosphere and decorations of the place has a real home feel to it.  The server was great! He was funny and very helpful on helping us decide on what to order (since most of us have never been to a Mediterranean restaurant before).  The owner came out and check on us a couple of times.  It's wonderful to see someone who owns the place come out and actually interacts with his customers.  You can tell he really loves what he does.  Now onto the food.  I'm not exactly sure what we ate but everything was very juicy, tasty and great portion size. I would highly recommend checking this place out!!!笑
The BF and I haven't been back and the last time the food was fresh, great flavors- just stellar food. 

I looked online and saw they have falafel on the menu so off we went to get a sandwich. It was decent. Good crunchy outside and soft inside of the felafel, the veggies were fresh on it (tomato, bellpepper, lettuce, pickle) and the sauce was decent. It was a fresh taste, but it needed some oomph from some hot sauce. Good but not the best felafel in town. Their sandwiches come with fries and it was okay. I would think a mediterranean place would do them more with seasoning and a yogurt dip, but I ended up with ketchup.  

We shared a baklava and for $4.50 it was a decent size square. It came oddly with slices of apples, but that did kinda work with the syrup. Their baklava is more fragrant with rose water than most which I like but the phyllo wasn't crunchy as it was undercooked. 

Service here isn't the most personable. Yes my water was refilled, but there is another dining room and you can clearly see staff sitting there eating, watching TV, etc. When we needed something we have to wait until the waitress decides to come to the room. 

The price on their site and their actual menu has changed from $9.50 to $11.50. As much as it is good and fresh, their hike in dinner prices, specially for a sandwich is pretty high. That wasn't $11.50 worth of sandwich. My favorite felafel in town is $6.  

It is good, but I think maybe for lunch (they do that until 3pm). It seems that a majority of the rave reviews are the lunch crowd. Good food, but not value or service during dinner.笑
Let me start with the GREAT! Came here for Stephanie S birthday! There were 10+ Yelpers and a couple of Stephanies work friends. I always have a fabulous time when we get together!

With that in mind, I was thinking this was going to be better than Paymons (my favorite to date) and I'd have a new spot for my hummus and pita. I so wanted to give 4 stars, but it really is eh, I've had better. Paymons TOTALLY blows this place away!

For starters, when you walk in it's kinda cheesy. Lame tableclothes that remind me of the days when you'd go on a picnic with your family. Those plastic ones with horrible patterns. The decor was nothing inspiring of the Mediterranean. 

The food was Ok. I've definitely had much much better. It was also pricey. A cucumber and tomato salad was $9.95! The hellum cheese was good, but again pricey, $11.95. Paymon's flaming cheese is outstanding. I mean, it is mouthwateringly good. The lebni here was OK, I did like the cucumbers included with it, and it was $8.95. The portions were OK, but still the prices were way high.

The service was S L O W. We ordered our food and it took at least a half hour for the cheese to come out. The salad and lebni followed shortly after that but man, it took A WHILE!
They were not generous with the pitas. They should be flowing, especially when you've ordered the cheese and lebni. I dont like having to ask for that, it should be coming out often.

My friend ordered the lamb shank was wasn't impressed. He didn't care for the seasoning on it, and another friend ordered a different lamb dish and they both enjoyed that.  

We were a large group,15+, but we were the only ones in the restaurant, and they knew we were coming since we had reservations. 

Had this been my first foray into Mediterranean, I wouldn't eat the food again. Also, maybe it's because I think Paymon's is so good that this place fell short in my opinion. I had a great time with the people I was with, but the food was just OK.笑
Used to eat here once a week until it changed ownership. Food went from a perfect 10 to maybe a 4. The chef that yells at everyone is gone and as much as I didn't care for him, he pretty much made the place. Don't think I will head back unless word around town changes about their food.笑
Service (Mike) was very impressive, was in the mood for a good Gyro and it didn't disappoint, even the fries were really good.笑
Very fresh, very good.  My first time but my brother had been to the one in Texas.  Mike our server made great recommendations and the chef checked on us at the end if the meal.笑
Incredible! Checked this place out because of all of the rave reviews and they were spot on!笑
Wonderful meal!  Ate their last night and the meal was great.  The Hedary Salad is very good and so big.  The feta cheese is the best I have had, even in Greece.  Service was wonderful, the waiter was pleasant, informative and helpful in making dining suggestions.  Highly recommend.  I have eaten at Khourey's twice and the food here is more authentic and plated nicer.笑
Had never been before today.  reviews I read indicated good food and bad service.  Food was average for me after it took one hour and a half to be served from time of seating.  Service was beyond bad.  The waiter basically ignored the table once drinks were served and order was taken.  A 2 hour lunch is not acceptable.  Will not go back, too many good restaurants service wise.笑
The cleanest, freshest food around. This restaurant is committed to serving the best ingredients ever. We live healthy and nothing is healthier than Hedary's.笑
I recommend eating at Hedarys.   Lentil Soup-- best in town.  Hummus-- best in town, everything (and I have tried most of the menu over the past few years) is really good.   I originally ate here b/c it's close to my office.  It got me craving this style of food, so I have tried other places too- but nothing comes close.  

I read some reviews about the service, but I don't really agree... maybe you just have to get to know them.  I love their food.  It's delicious, consistent, and priced appropriately.笑
New owners and chef and tastes just like it used too. Very good food and service. You should come here笑
Was quite underwhelmed to be perfectly honest. Slow service, pricier than some competition and for what? The food was just ok, no one was impressed; there are much better places to go for Mediterranean food in town. This restaurant may have been great under its previous management, but we won't be returning.笑
One of the best Mediterranean restaurants in Las Vegas.  The food is fresh, well prepared, great spices, great service.  Tonight we had the hummus appetizer, stuffed grape leaves, Greek salad, chicken kabob, and lamb.  Everything was great and the prices are very reasonable.笑
The food here is amazing! Easily one of my favorite places to eat. Everything has a very fresh and authentic taste.笑
I stopped by after getting a massage next door and wanted a snack so I just got the babaganoush. It was good and came out as a decent sized portion and the bread is freshly baked. The place seems legit so I was hoping for the more traditional version of babaganoush I got to know after spending some time in the Middle East where it's a lot chunkier and isn't pureed to look just like hummus - sadly I didn't find it here.

They do have a Lebanese coffee which is a must try. It's very similar to a Turkish coffee...the water and grounds are boiled together in a traditional pot then it's served just like that with a little cup. The key is not to slurp down the last bit or you'll get a mouthful of sludge.笑
Tried this place today for the very first time and was pleasantly surprised we we arrived nobody  was there but the waiter was friendly and recommended the shrimp and chicken kebobs, everything was tasty and fresh overall a great experience.笑
Great lunch. Everything was flavorful and service was good. We each had a lunch entree, I had the spicy sausage -yum, spicy indeed. My husband had a skewer w a combination of meats. We shared the hummus (so good) and a salad that I'm going to attempt to copy for the rest of my life. Greens were fresh, crisp. Great light lemon vinaigrette and seasonings. The rice was probably one of my favorite parts of the meal.... While the baklava was good, I'm not a huge pistachio fan, so.... I wasn't thrilled. 
This is an overall great stop for a flavorful yummy meal.笑
The service was great and the food is delicious! We ordered humus and tabouli as an appetizer. For our entree we ordered kofta which comes with a huge plate of rice, 3 meat skewers, onions, and tomato. My bf and his mom shared a meat platter that came with different types of meats, onion, rice, tomato, and a yogurt dip. I thought the tomatoes would be grilled but it was just cold slices. The portions are huge! For dessert, we had baklava, tea, and Lebanese coffee. Overall, it was a great experience!笑
It's sad that this place is so good, but the service is not. The owner should not be so cheap and hire more food servers. These ladies always seem so tired.笑
The food is excellent delicious healthy and after dining here for two years....consistently fabulous. Try the lentil soup, hummus with jalapeños ...the tilapia is prepared five srar...the the green beans are my favorite.  The shrimp scampi order with extra garlic 
The dolmas are divine 
Everything. Is delicious.  It's quiet and the staff is super friendly and on top of it when making sure you receive top service.笑
This was great food especially for someone who doesn't especially care for Lebanese food but it was awesome. And get the coffee! It was the first time I actually loved coffee. Amazing because I didn't even like coffee. But this guy made a coffee that didn't even need cream or sugar!笑
For those of you that rated Hedary's highly, thanks for the tip. We are visiting from Minnesota and came here based on your review. We were not disappointed. We eat Lebanese in many cities in the US and Canada. This was amongst the best. Very flavorful. We had the mezzanine platter. That was well worth the price. Tabbouleh is some of the best I have ever had.笑
This was our second time here. Go to LV 1-2 times a year to simply relax at 4Seasons and hike the near by Red Rock, Valley of Fire or the Hoover Dam. 

Since you do not feel like eating anything heavy after 5 hours of hiking, we always look for something healthy and friendly to my GI issues.

Mediterranean is always good option and Hedary's was solid both times. Their Shawarma, chicken/lam gyro and salads are delicious, my most favorite is their Baba Ganoush. They also make their own pita bread to order!

We will be back this fall for some more!笑
This place is proof that some of the best food in Vegas is off the strip.

I came here with 3 of my friends on a Saturday night at around 21:00 and the place was almost empty.  I was a little surprised but it worked out for us as we were hoping for a quiet dinner.  

We started with feta cheese with olives and the falafil appetizer.  The 1st was really good.  Good quality feta cheese and good quality olives.  A solid 4.  I think I could have just eaten the cheese and olives with the bread they bring.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot about the pita bread.  It comes out pipping hot like it was just baked-which it might have been.  Some of the better pita bread I've ever had.  Never had it this hot before.  Was absolutely a perfect compliment to the cheese.  The falafil was a little disappointing.  I felt the falafils were too dense.  I love falafils but feel a successful falafil is light with a lot of taste.  A 2 that I wouldn't order and am glad I didn't get the plate.

Our three entrees were the Greek salad, the chicken kabob, the stuffed grape leaves and the tilapia.  The salad wasn't bad-pretty typical scoring a 3.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly but could have used more seasoning though with enough lemon squeezed on top came out pretty well, a 3.5.  The chicken kabob was excellent.  I think the best dish we ordered, a solid 4.  And my dish was the grape leaves which I adore.  They came with a lot of meat inside.  I wasn't expecting so much meat (ground beef I'm sure) and in fact this is was the most meat I've ever had served in my grape leaves.  They weren't bad but I think the vegetarian version of this dish would have tasted better.  A 3.5.  

And I got the tamarind drink which was great.  Ordered a 2nd one.  The whole tab was about $120.  So I'll lean on the 4 star as the food was good enough that made me want to go back and try other things and foods.笑
I'm sorry I have to share what's going on at Hedarys. Over the past few months you never know when there going to be open or not. The food is still great but you can't rate a place based on just the food. The service is mediocre at best and the whole experience has become very disappointing . I'm not going back anymore they have used up my patience . Try Khourys on Fort Apache it's the real deal , the complete package笑
We have been going to Hedarys for years! The food is amazing and the atmosphere is so cozy. You MUST try the Roast Chicken, Hummus & THE LABNI MATOOM (the best item on the menu, for us garlic lovers). The staff is always friendly and makes you feel like family. We love it here!笑
I've eaten here for many years!its definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas. The food is amazing! The roasted chicken and lamb chops are my favorite. I've never eaten chicken at any other restaurant, because let's face it, how good could chicken be? Their chicken is a MUST! It is a very small place and there is typically only one server who does everything. So when I go, I make sure I'm not in a rush or have to leave within a certain time. I also love their Sangria and desserts.笑
We have eaten here many times, always for supper, and have never been disappointed wiith either the food or the service.  It is our favorite Mediterranean restaurant.  The food is very flavorfull.  We especially enjoy the roasted chicken (frareg), the kafta and the shawarma.  The pita bread is especially good, arriving right out of the oven; it's puffed up and hot - the best such bread that we have ever eaten.  Prices are reasonable.笑
Good food but over priced for Vegas. Also has a fast food feel environment.  
Food is very tasty and portions are pretty reasonable though.笑
Can't ask for better at this off the beaten path strip center off Sahara blvd.  What I ate was fantastic and Jason, the waiter, was courteous while being extremely attentive. Great to see service like that at this type of location. With knife like precision  my apps came out.  Babbaganush then Falafil, whoa this is great food,incredible warm pita puffed up, which gently gives in to your touch.  Food was so good I ordered take out after dinner!笑
If I could, I'd give Hedary's 10 stars out of a possible 5!  Yes, it was THAT good.

Tired of the buffets and the Strip, I googled Best Lebanese Restaurant, and fellow Yelpers led me to Hedary's, several miles down Sahara Ave. from the Strip.  

Our waiter was Mike, who was really neat to talk to. He is a Michael Shannon lookalike and was very knowledgeable about the menu. We decided on a Schawarma sandwich with hummus/pita and their special half-chicken, Frarej.  The menu says this is their most popular item, but we didn't even see this notation. It just sounded good. And it was GREAT. The lemon-garlic sauce with potatoes and tomatoes was to die for. I was frantically trying to get all of it with my fork, as the pita was gone and I wanted the flavor to go on and on. One of the best dishes I've ever had anywhere, anytime. I tried to re-create it last night at home, and alas, it tasted nothing like theirs. We will return to Hedary's every time we are ever in Las Vegas.

We try hummus all over the world, and finally found hummus that compares to the very best. It was excellent - garlicky and pungent. Excellent flavor!  Oh - and the pita is freshly baked and comes puffed up, like three little balloons. 

For dessert we had to try the Shabiet. It is similar to Greek Galaktoboureko - layers of filo and custard. This one is topped with crushed pistachios. It was fantastic - not too sweet, and delicious.

Thanks, Mike, for the great conversation and the reclpe for the Frarej. You are a delight, and one of the many reasons we will return whenever we are in LV.笑
This place seriously used to be amazing. I haven't been back here in about 5 years or so, and thought id give it a shot since I didn't want to drive all the way to Khourys. (I'll never be lazy again I swear!) I ordered a chicken dish that was the worst tasting meal of my life. Not one thing tasted good. The chicken was rubbery and so seasoned to the point of being repulsive. Flavorless rice and bland soup. Clearly under new ownership and no continuity. I wish I would have checked the reviews before. $20 later for just lunch for myself ( no alcohol) and I have major food regret. I'm sorry for the harsh review.笑
Just finished eating at hearts the hummus was to die for the shrimp scampi was absolutely delicious and the staff was unbelievably and They were on top of refilling our drinks and very attentive笑
We ordered the fatoosh, hummus, frarej, dolmas and baklava. Every single item was amazing. So much flavor packet into every bite. The lunch portions were huge! I could hardly stand up after! The atmosphere was warm and inviting, as was the staff. And I always check... The lady's restroom was very clean. Always a good sign. Our server was so friendly and helpful, especially since I had a ton of questions. I look forward to going back!笑
This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant. The food is so amazing and the flavors are very authentic. The hot freshly made pita's make your mouth water as you see the waiter approach your table with them. I can't say enough about the owner and chef as he is so accommodating. I asked him to put together a meal for me to take to a luncheon for 4 people and there must have been enough food for 8 all at a very reasonable price. Great place for lunch or dinner.笑
Staff were nice but the food sucked. It was over cooked and the seasoning just not good. Never going here again.笑
I had a catering order last minute for 26 people. Joey was very helpful from processing the order to delivery. The office absolutely loved the food. We ordered beef and chicken kabobs, greek salad, yogurt sauce, and baklava. Everything came out great. Delivery was on time. Utensils and plates were added. It was a really easy process and we couldn't have asked for more. Will definitely use Hedary's again!笑
Delicious authentic Lebanese food that doesn't disappoint. The price is right too! Can't go wrong with their amazing Mezza and Lebanese beer. This is my go-to spot for a nice romantic date or family get-together. The vibe is intimate and chill. Service is top notch. Give it a try!笑
I've been coming to Hedary's for years and I always get the same things: hummus, baba ganoosh, Lebanese sandwich or Shawarma Plate which are flavorful and filling.  They give you a basket of hot pita bread perfect for hummus or labni...or for scooping up any saucy dishes.  I always leave feeling satisfied and something to take home.

Last night, a few Yelpers and I were here for Stephanie S's birthday.  I shared a Meat Combination (beef kabob, kafta, mqaniq, sujuk and kibbi) with rice and grilled tomatoes.  My favorites were the beef kabob (tender and well-seasoned), and kibbi (flavorful cracked wheat and ground sirloin).  We also had some of Vanessa N's labni matoom (yogurt with mint, garlic and olive oil) which was good.  


They only have 3 types of dessert: ice cream, baklava and shabiet.  Since we can get baklava and ice cream at most places, we got a shabiet (filo pastry with honey, milk custard and pistachios) for dessert and they gave us an extra one.  It's  a light creamy and flaky dessert.  I enjoyed it...always have.

Service last night was good because the place was empty but the times I've been, it hasn't been quite consistently good.笑
Amazing food and staff!!!! I am addicted to their frarej chicken. The food has amazing flavors and the chef is awesome!!笑
I had the five-meat combination good and spicy. Great service! Everybody in my party was happy with their meals especially the chicken kabobs.笑
Always so so amazing! Cannot get enough of this food and great service!! Try the meat combination and the tabouli..you will not be disappointed!笑
We had a large group of 7. We had a fantastic assortment of various Mediterranean dishes. The lamb kabobs and kibbe were excellent and the hummus and freshly baked pita bread were outstanding. The service was great. I would recommend this restaurant highly.笑
I had Hedary's last night with the tennis crew yesterday, and I have to say I am so happy I have found a place like this.  It's hard to come by good middle eastern food, especially in Vegas.  And a special thanks to Bobby Y. for asking for a spicier sauce from our waitress.  This is a hidden item that you have to ask for, and it's fantastic!  Put it on anything, it almost takes like a mixture of hummous and chili sauce.  Whatever it is, it's great

Aright I've only had 2 things here and they are fantastic.  If you want to save a little money, stick to the falafel sandwich.  It's one of the best I've ever had.  The falafels are in big portions and so moist.  Perectly topped off with what I want to say is cabbage and pickled vegetables.

Number 2, the baked chicken dish (Frarej).  It's a dinner plate item, and it is great.  It's a juicy chicken crispy on the outside.  Even the vegetables around it were good.  Apparently its their popular dish.

When are we going back??  I heard lunch has the same size portions as dinner except with half the prices.  Is this true??  IS THIS TRUE??!?!