I have been here multiple times and enjoyed every visit.  Food has been consistently good and service is always outstanding.

My S/O ordered the stuffed talapia, flavors were right and he enjoyed his dish.  He did mention that his greens were under seasoned, but overall enjoyed everything.

I ordered the lamb chops, they were juicy, tender and not cooked to hard.  The sauce is absolutely amazing.

We also got a desert, the funnel cake.  It had maple syrup, bacon pieces and buttered popcorn icecream.  Very different...almost tasted like breakfast - yet it was good.

We were going to go to the lounge, but was told that it is only open Thurs to Saturday.笑
My husband and I recently made reservations at Savoy to celebrate our wedding anniversary at the recommendation of fellow Yelper, Sammy B. from the Burg. We are ever grateful for the recommendation. 

Savoy, located in The Strip district, is a absolutely gorgeous restaurant and was thankfully very easy to locate. The menu has a nice selection of dishes to cater to a variety of diets for diners. 

Initial Impressions:
After doing a bit of research and reading reviews on Yelp, I was able to develop some perspective on what to expect prior to our visit. I knew that Savoy was higher-end dining and had even suspected that it would be a bit pretentious as a result. But then I found out that they had a Groupon and I knew that could only mean one thing, they need business. Unfortunately, we couldn't use a Groupon because they are not valid on the weekends.  

On the night of our visit, we were greeted by a very kind and personable host. The restaurant was mainly empty with the exception of a few people at the bar and about three other occupied tables. Despite our previous request for a private booth, when initially making the reservations, the hostess took us to one of those half booth / half chair seating arrangements  (where you sit next to strangers). This is not what we wanted due to it being our anniversary. So my husband informed her of our request and we stood there and listened as the manager, hostess and servers loudly considered our request. This felt awkward and unwelcoming. As we stumbled deeper into the restaurant, the manager wished us a happy anniversary, but not before informing my husband that normally the booths are reserved for large groups. Keep in mind there were no more than four occupied tables on a Friday night in the entire place. End result, they worked it out and complied with our request, but not without first letting us know that they were doing us a favor. Ha!

Atmosphere:
It is very clear that the owners invested quite a bit of money into this building in order to turn it into its current magnificence. It is simply gorgeous. It could easily be in any major city around the world. It's sophisticated and contemporary design could compete with any similar establishment in someplace like Manhattan. 

No other previous reviews mentioned this fact, so I was very pleasantly surprised to learn that Savoy is Black owned and operated. I didn't know the history of Savoy (or even of its existence for that matter) so after dining I decided to do a little further research in its history. Very interesting, Google it if you have a chance.

Service:
Our experience here and the service was definitely four stars alone. Our server was a young woman who went above and beyond to make sure that we had the perfect anniversary meal. She offered suggestions each step along the way. Again, she is single handedly the reason why I am giving Savoy four stars. 

Food:
The food was good. We started with the calamari and shrimp appetizer. It was huge and easily large enough for four people to share. We could barely finish it after eating the bread that was served. The calamari was not the best that I've had. It was salty and did not taste fresh. I actually prefer the calamari at Joe's Crab Shack for a fraction of the price. The shrimp were perfect. I decided on the crab stuffed lobster tail and my husband had the red velvet waffles and fried chicken. My meal was excellent. The crab stuffing in the lobster tail was infused with lemon. The serving sizes were both filling. My husband said his fried chicken was very good, but overall meal was just as good as any other chicken and waffle meal that he's had over the years. The restaurant comped us Anniversary cupcakes for dessert which I thought was very sweet. For drinks, I ordered a glass of wine and my husband ordered two different speciality alcoholic beverages from the menu . 

After dinner cocktails:
After we finished dinner, we went upstairs to check out the lounge and patio. By this time time, it was around 10:30pm on a Friday, there were very few people here (maybe 20). The dress code is slightly more casual upstairs. 

The upstairs is also decorated beautifully. The indoor lounge features a full bar, TVs and seating. It is very comfortable. A waitress was available to take our orders, which was quite nice. The drink menu is the same upstairs as downstairs. 

I liked Savoy. I've had a few days to decompress and reflect on my experience dining there and have come to the conclusion that it is a good restaurant that I wouldn't mind dining at again sometime in the future.笑
I've been to Savoy several times for different occasions. The food is good, but I haven't had anything this far that has blew my mind! I went on a Friday night with a friend for happy hour in the launch upstairs. The mix of people is great! Lots of professionals in nice business attire. The happy hour drinks were OK, a little too weak for my taste though. I migrated to my "go to" vodka cranberries by the end if the night. My friend had wings which he said were good. I had chicken quesadillas... There were cut up pieces of chicken along with some other kind of ground meat... They were good, but I wasn't sure if the ground meat was chicken, beef, pork, or what... The description was definitely "chicken quesadilla." 

I always end up at Savoy to see if anything will make me love it, but until then...笑
I have been to this restaurant 4 times now so you might say it's one of my favorites. Last night the music was loud but really added to the already  lively atmosphere. We usually have wine both before and during dinner and their wine selections are varied and all are excellent- they need to invest in more glasses though as this is the second time I have been there that the bartender had to search for glasses to serve the wine!
Food is perfect, we had the veal meatloaf, very nice flavor, spicy and saucy without being overbearing, and crabcakes which were good but I could detect the cornmeal in the cake- I have had the new york strip there before and that was maybe the best steak I have had outside of the capital grill.
Dont miss the chocolate ravioli!笑
Excellent meal.  Creative drinks.  Very attentive staff.  Too many good sounding entrees to choose from.  Beautiful surroundings.  Highly recommend and I will be back!笑
The true test of a restaurant is consistent excellence from all aspects over an extended period. SAVOY fills this bill. We have been numerous times over last12 months and have had an amazing experience EVERY time. Certainly one of, if not the BEST in Pittsburgh. Do yourself a favor and become a SAVOY regular.笑
There have always been several reasons for me to not like Savoy--outrageous drink prices, absurdly snobby wait staff (umm-- this isn't Paris, garçon), and a menu that is not at all vegetarian-friendly.  But I've kept going back for the one thing they do right--live jazz on Monday nights.   Tonight was a total deal-breaker though--a Pittsburgh cop FRISKING everyone on the way in!  Nice way to start your night--being made to feel like a criminal before entering the club.   I'll find live jazz somewhere else from now on.笑
When I first heard about the opening Savoy I was excited to enjoy a new fine dining venue in the city.  The excitement quickly faded as my friend and I arrived.  To start, they had a tacky red carpet outside without a single person in line to get in.  Some people may not enjoy a wait to get into a restaurant, but I take that as a sign of a happening place that I want to try, especially on an opening night.  Second, they had an advertisement wall with the name of the restaurant plastered all over it, supposedly you could get your picture taken there, but this is not NYC and there are not paparazzi swarming to take your picture to show up on page six, or even a well known Pittsburgh magazine for that matter.  What are you going to do ask the 300lb bouncer to take your picture? C'mon! This red carpet will soon be in the used and abused section of a thrift store because I do not see this concept lasting too much longer, and as for the advertisement wall...cut into mini advertisements that people place under windshield wipers of cars at strip clubs.
 I am still keeping an open mind about Savoy at this point.  This is then shaken again as we walk into the main bar/dining area.  The lighting is all off! I am sorry, but no one fashions well in lime green and yellow hue.  This bringing me to my next disappointment, the overall crowd and atmosphere could be described as "classy" urban.  Now don't get me wrong, there is nothing I love more than a well dressed African American, there is just a certain swagger that is exhibited.  The crowd definitely missed the target on this one! It was like there was a sale at Men's Warehouse and everyone got a suit and forgot to get it tailored.  The women I can't even get into there was so much wrong with it, but last I checked a pleather uni-color suit were out! 
 Finally the menu, well I hope you brought some cash ladies and gentlemen! We started at the bar with two Johnny Walker Blacks on the rocks.  The bartender was not knowledgeable at all with her scotch or how to prepare it.  First off, she had no clue what we were asking for and held up a bottle of Hennessey and asked if this is what I wanted.  What part about Johnny Walker did you not get? Finally, we get what we ordered, but piled with ice...not how to serve scotch.  Now, between my friend and I, we have dined at some actual classy establishments across the country and never paid $48.00 for two Johnny Walkers! Good luck staying in business with these prices!  
 Out of disgust and curiosity we choose to just look at the menu.  We should have known that it would be nothing but overpriced, mediocre, bland food that lacks anything signature to the restaurant.  I respect soul food and enjoy it very much on the occasion, but fried chicken does not pair well with this "classy" atmosphere that is trying to be exhibited.  I will never return to this place, nor will I recommend it to anyone, unless you are looking to spend bill, arrive in a rented Cadillac Escalade and rock your 100$ suit for the evening paired with your "Gucci" glasses.笑
Came here for a yelp event with a friend and we loved it. 

I would probably come here if I had some money to throw away, but the food was appetizing, the drinks were average, and the atmosphere was great! On a scale of one to ten the food was probably around a 6, where the bites were creative but the execution was a little off. Nonetheless it was a good experience and I may try the other dishes at some point. Maybe.笑
With a friendly bar staff and an exemplary team of chefs Savoy is a always a win. You can guarantee that a happy hour, date night, or business dinner will be a success and their fusion of haute cuisine and comfort food will make everyone happy.笑
This place is an absolute gem. It's beautiful, black owned if you're into that sort of support and the head  chef doesn't disappoint. We went two days in a row. Day 1 I had the Delmonico which was good but too fatty for my taste. Day 2 I had the filet mignon which is was nothing less than exemplary. Good service and ambiance, this is a must do in Pittsburgh's Strip District笑
Nice to bring ur boo then turn up ... great menu Great atmosphere so check this place out my yelpers....笑
This is a pricey restaurant. I went with my kids  and was not very comfortable with the ambiance. The quality of the food was very good. The waiter was polite but a bit pushy, Normally I wouldn't have gone there if it wasn't for Groupon. Even though the quality of the food was excellent, the price was a bit much and the place was crowded. They do have a valet service which is nice.笑
We first discovered Savoy at the Pittsburgh Best Restaurant Party at Heinz Field. We thought they had the best food and dessert that we sampled so we were anxious to dine at the actual restaurant. 

While the food was very, very good- the experience we had ruined our entire night and therefore will never be back.

We were seated right behind the bar and it was SO loud we couldn't even carry on a conversation. As the night went on, the music also seemed to get louder and louder. 

The service we received was one of the worst we've ever experienced. We were there for 3+ hours. It seemed as if there was only 1 server for 40+ people. We were continually forgotten about. The painfully slow service paired with the out of control patrons at the bar and the loud music felt like torture to have to be there for over 3 hours.

If you do decide to visit, request to be seated in the dining room, not in the bar area. As far as the food goes, some dishes are fantastic while others are lacking. The crab cake appetizer was very good, the lobster ravioli was amazing, the filet was bland- the salted caramel torte and raspberry chocolate martini were very good.笑
This was my 2nd visit to Savoy.  Went here on a Groupon.  Simply amazing place with delicious food.  I really appreciate how the owner was able to renovate an old building in the Strip District into this beautiful restaurant and club lounge.

The menu is definitely a little pricey, but it's really worth it in my opinion, especially for special occasions and date nights.  If money wasn't an issue I would eat here at least once a month.

ENVIRONMENT:
I'm a sucker for restaurants with modern atmospheres and Savoy doesn't disappoint in this regard.  As soon as you walk in, the vibe is just awesome.  The mood lighting is just right too.  A live jazz band was playing on the main floor which added to this.  However, we eventually were seated downstairs in what they call the "Owner's Room", which is a small room with about 6 tables in it and a flat screen TV.  This came off a little cheesy to me and I felt a bit separated from the rest of the patrons, but this is just a personal peeve of mine.  For the full Savoy experience, I recommend asking to be seated on the "main" floor and not in the basement.

FOOD:
As for the food, I ordered the Lamb chops, which at $38 is the most expensive entree on the menu.  But I had a Groupon that allowed me to order whatever I wanted, so why not? :-)  The size of the chops are very generous and they are served over risotto.  It was unbelievably delicious!

For dessert, my wife and I had "salted caramel chocolate cake with banana ice cream".  I hope I wrote that correctly.  It was amazing and they give you such a generous amount I could hardly finish it.

I can't wait I go back here again!笑
201704 Update -- the new owner, Vince emailed ask ask that we come back.  He has redone the reservation process and assures me we will have a much better experience.  I have changed the rating to reflect the followup.

Roy


From 2014:
Went on the 7th for a Meet Up group.  Despite our host calling twice for reservations (and confirmation of numbers), there was no record of our event -- 9 people if I recall.  The on-site manager was quick to respond and moved everyone to the "lounge" upstairs.   

This was a fail on the management staff -- they assumed we knew what the differences between the restuarant and downstairs area was versus the upstairs "lounge" area.  Really he needed to ask what the host's expectations were and accomodate/explain the differences.

All this said, the upstairs lounge is a low-setee area around tables -- not a dinner venue at all.  The waitstaff responded after they figured out we were out of place and were not programmed to have a "dinner" venue.  Upstairs is an upscale, late night, Pittsburgh snak/music venue.  Since we didn't stay until 10 PM or so, we don't really know what happened/happens there.  

Lounge food was okay.  We were not allowed to order off the dowstairs menu despite the lost reservations and being sent upstairs.  Fail.  

I expect that the downstairs restaurant experience would have been much different and better.  And this is what the group had expected.  The on-site manager could have easily made a "fix" to their lost reservation.

We will go back.  But one needs to understand the differences between downstairs and upstairs.  The late evening music venue upstairs is surely wonderful.  

Roy笑
I had dinner at the Savoy restaurant on 8/12/2011.... The place is beautiful but the food leaves something to be desired if u are going to charge those prices get the kitchen up to par... My meal was shrimp and cheese grits...ugh!! Maybe if the chef did less socializing in the dining room and put more focus on the food!!! To bad because the place is nice... I give it 6 months!!笑
As we walk in Savoy for Sunday brunch, I'm immediately struck by the atmosphere and decor. Did I some how just jump through space and time into a swanky Vegas night club? The girls agreed, this place was unusual. 
Silly us, we forgot to make reservations. No worries as the restaurant was almost empty (more people filed in as we were eating). A few minutes after we were seated, our waitress came over to take our drink order. We casually eyed up the buffet in the back of the room and asked our server what was on it. Fat kids paradise, they should have called it. Bacon, eggs, potatoes, ribs, pepper steak, mac and cheese, lasagna, french toast casserole, grits, dessert and a salad if you were looking for something green. Yep. Who could pass up that spread? I eagerly dug in and tried just about all of it. Our server also brought over their homemade biscuits and cornbread muffins. Delic! My favorite part of the buffet was the buffalo mac and cheese. Creamy, smooth and a hint of spice. All in all, a great ladies brunch. My only criticism is that our server took an extremely long time to bring our drinks (or at least it felt that way as we all tried not to stare at the buffet). She said that the coffee was brewed fresh but then mentioned that she would be out with the decaf when my friend ordered regular. However, service was very good despite that small set back.笑
This chic new restaurant has an ambience that is more southern California than Pittsburgh.  It's nice to see something new and trendy here.  The interiors and lighting are fun and funky . The menu is creative and eclectic with a few menu items leaning toward Southern cuisine.  We ordered the chicken satay appetizers, the roasted vegetable salad, chicken and waffles and Beemster cheese grits.  Everything we sampled was delicious.  The chef came out not once, but twice to make sure we were enjoying all that he had prepared and available to answer any questions we had.  The service from the entire staff was over the top with lots  of people around to refill our water glasses, bring us bread, clear off used dishes and offer up additional drinks from the bar.  

After dinner, we walked upstairs to the club which had an energetic vibe and totally different than the feeling of the restaurant.  

We'd go back again and recommend it to our friends as well!笑
The atmosphere is engaging, fun, and perfect for small parties. Had trio of crab cakes, frisee salad, and vegetable strudel. Loved it. Others had chicken and waffles. I quote "The waffles r bangin!". We had a party of 6,and everybody got a different dessert.  They were all incredible.  Great evening for the price. Portions are chic.  A spot for grown-up professionals to celebrate special occasions or network.笑
The head chef Kevin is a rare mix of friendly, humble, brilliant, and hard working.  His dedication to providing his guests with a great experience comes through not just in his table visits, but in every dish that leaves his kitchen.

Huge perfectly prepared portions of inventive fare including dishes as eclectic as chocolate, crab, and lobster ravioli and salt rock grilled froi-gras with mignon filet sous-vide are just as delicious and adventurous as they sound.  

The staff could not have been more attentive, our server made us feel like we were his only table even though it was busy, he was back to refill our drinks and check up on us every 5-10 minutes.  Savoy is pricey, but their food is excellent and their hospitality is great.  I think you get every penny of your money's worth, and I'd gladly try anything Chef Kevin dreams up!笑
I went to a Yelp event here and was really looking forward to it but was unfortunately very disappointed.  I've been to many other Yelp events, and usually restaurants like to showcase their best work.  However, at Savoy I felt like they were bringing out their cheapest stuff and there wasn't really enough food to go around for everyone to have a satisfactory amount given the large group there.  It was my first time at Savoy and people told me about the calamari, crab cakes, lobster ravioli, chicken satay, and even the chicken wings.  However, none of that was provided.  We had a plate of hummus and a feta/tomato mix with a giant pile of olives and a small cheese plate with not very exciting cheeses.  There was also a small salad with some fruit, black beans, and feta and an appetizer with melon and a small piece of pork.  However, where was the really high end stuff everyone raves about at Savoy?? We were also given 2 drink tickets but there was only one bartender there (we were up in the lounge) and he seemed like he was in a really bad mood.  I asked him for a menu of their specialty cocktails and he just got annoyed with me and it took awhile to get an explanation that only 2 of those were included with our drink tickets, even though the other cocktails on there were all the same price.  Then when I ordered drinks using the tickets they only came half full which was kind of tacky.  He still had an attitude when I purchased an additional drink with my own money (at least that one was filled up all the way).  And he left the Graham cracker rim off my friend's drink even though it was one she was paying for full price too.  

So after being unimpressed with the appetizers up there and still feeling hungry, we decided to go downstairs and take advantage of the great happy hour appetizers we had seen on the menu that looked so awesome (but they wouldn't let us order them upstairs since they were busy with the event).  When we went downstairs we saw the bar area was really full so we asked the waitress if it was possible to be seated and partake in the happy hour appetizers. She went to check with someone and came back and said sure we can seat you, we got permission to do that no problem (we had said we would try to squeeze in at the bar if that was the only way...).  There were like 5 tables free in the back so it didn't seem like an issue.  However, once we sat down and explained the the waiter that we were just ordering appetizers off the happy hour menu he was clearly very angry with this situation.  He was very short with us then started angrily gathering the extra 2 place settings from the table then started throwing the silverware into a storage area just past our table quite loudly.  We tried to wave him back over so we could order but he ignored us.  Then we saw him berating the hostess for sitting us there and we felt really bad.  The hostess came back to try to resolve the situation and offered to see if they would serve us the happy hour appetizers in the lounge upstairs instead.  She walked us upstairs to where the Yelp event was going on but she could see the staff were still very occupied up there and it was really crowded so that was just not possible.  Another woman who worked at Savoy and was helping to manage the Yelp event, Ashley, came to apologize and help us out.  She was really awesome.  She spoke to the restaurant manager, Gary White, and finally he came over to apologize to us and said dinner was on him and sat us back in the dining room.  All we wanted was a place to order some appetizers that we were happy to pay for!  But we were very appreciative of Mr. White's offer and grateful for the opportunity to sample some more of what Savoy has to offer as it was our first time there and we were thinking about taking friends back at another time.

Our new waiter was very attentive and friendly.  My friend had the filet which was excellent and cooked perfectly (she ordered it medium).  The lobster ravioli appetizer was also fantastic.  I had the shrimp and grits which had a generous portion of nice sized shrimp and spicy andouille sausage which was very nice, but I was disappointed in the consistency of the grits which was very watery (more like a soup than grits).  I'm from New Orleans and know how shrimp-n-grits should be prepared as I've had it numerous times, and it should be much thicker than that, so that was disappointing, but the flavor was excellent and it was a very satisfying portion.  The live music playing that evening was excellent, but was quite loud for a fine dining experience and made it difficult for my friend and I to have a conversation.  I felt like it would be better to have the music up in the lounge so people downstairs could have a quieter dinner with just the music in the background, as Savoy has the feel (and price tag) of being a very fancy restaurant rather than a more casual bar/music venue.笑
Managed to dine at Savoy twice in the past year.  Both times presented identical experiences.

The entire restaurant reminds me of a Las Vegas production.  From the time you park your car (don't bother with valet when there is a ton of street parking along the strip), you're greeted once by a greeter, then by a hostess, and then at some point by a manager.

Mostly a date crowd with clientele ranging from well-to-be businessmen to gents obviously stretching their pocket book to impress their gal.  Overall, it definitely wasn't a crowd I seemed to identify with.

Food is decent, except the fiancee got butter poached lobster that definitely didn't sit well with her.  My pork trio was tasty, but definitely nothing special.

Service is more or less where Savoy differentiates itself (each server has a business car they provide at the end of the meal).  BUT, the second time we went, where we decided we just wanted entrees and a glass of wine, the waitress was visible disappointing in our soon to be inferior check and consequentially glanced over us for the rest of the night.

Overall, probably won't go back, but I can see where this is a favorite of others.笑
This is another one of those: "where to start?" reviews...

From the beginning.

My husband and I had reservations for a Friday evening.  The restaurant was kind enough to call the day before and remind us of our reservation as well as let us know that there is a dress code.  

Friday comes along and we are both VERY excited for our date night and to try a new place -- especially one that looks as nice as Savoy.  We got dressed -- me in a casual dress, him in slacks and a sweater, and we headed down to the Strip.  

Now I understand that this is the Strip, but the parking situation was horrendous.  To make matters worse, where there could have been 5 or 6 parking spots in front of the restaurant, they were setting up valet parking so those were automatically out.  After driving around for a few minutes we found a spot about 2 blocks away and hoofed it to the restaurant.  I'm not deducting "points" because of the parking situation, but just want other people to know that it was a bit inconvenient.

As we approached the front of the restaurant I noticed that there was a large group of people standing outside, a couple of "bouncer" type looking guys and a camera crew.  They didn't move aside when we approached so we had to kind of weave/skirt around them to get to the door.  It was very weird.  I felt a little like we were walking through paparazzi to get inside of the restaurant.

Inside the restaurant we went to the hostess stand and let them know we had reservations.  They took our coats (which was quite nice) and told us it would be a few minutes for our table to be ready and that we could wait at the bar if we wanted.  Which would have been okay had there been a spot at the bar.  The bar/lounge area was PACKED and VERY noisy.  After a while, a couple moved from the bar and we squeezed into their place so we could order a drink.  I had a diet coke and hubby had a beer -- they only have bottles, no drafts.  The drinks were overpriced IMO, my diet coke was over $2 and DH's beer (a domestic) was $6 or 7.  

After about 15 minutes we were seated.  We had to pay the bar tab separately, and could not combine it with our dinner.  (An inconvenience, but minor.)  I had hoped there would be a separate dining area away from the bar, but no, our table was RIGHT NEXT TO IT.  So all of the nosiness from the bar was in no way buffered from the dining area.  I literally could barely hear him talking to me.

The waitstaff was quick and friendly.  They brought us water and bread with flavored oil and took our drink orders.  I asked them to refill my diet coke and I was surprised when we got our bill to find out that I was charged AGAIN for my drink.  This seems like a bit of a ripoff.

We went ahead and ordered: we had the mini sliders for our appetizer and then my husband order chicken and waffles for his entree and I had the steak two ways.  The sliders came fairly quickly and were warm but a bit flavorless.  I couldn't put my fingers on what they were missing, but they could have been MUCH better.

It took longer than I would have expected for our dinner to arrive.  When DH got down to the chicken and waffles he seemed unimpressed.  He actually told me the SYRUP was the best thing on the plate.  I've seen this man put away chicken and waffles.  He only ate about half of what they gave him and didn't ask for the leftovers to be boxed.

My beef two ways was... interesting.  I was really excited to try the sous-vide beef!  It tasted (and had the consistency) of pot roast.  It wasn't bad... it just wasn't good.  The grilled beef was quite tasty and the garnishes on the plate were good, too.  I had also ordered a side of mashed potatoes and they tasted like they were about three days old and reheated in a microwave -- and poorly at that -- they were cold and lumpy.

We looked at the dessert menu, but having been so uninspired by the rest of the meal we decided to cut our losses.  We tipped generously -- the servers were friendly and attentive -- but that is about all I can say that is positive about this place.  We won't be returning.笑
Satay, steak, chicken and waffles, and the martini sampler. Delicious. Chef Watson has a great menu going on. It has a nice environment and the food is on point.笑
Very happy with the new relaunch of savoy! Our meal was fantastic! We started with the chicken satays which were very tasty and a perfect start to the meal.  I had the butternut squash ravioli with lobster and it was to die for... if I could eat it everyday I would, the spices were just phenomenal and the sauce so rich.  My husband has the sea bass which was HUGE! He said it was perfectly
Cooked and very flavorful, he didn't save me any to try though! We had the green beans as a side and they were so garlicky which I love! Our server Alex, who we have had almost every time we've been here probably since savoy has opened, was very tentative, friendly and prompt.  The service is always on point at savoy, we plan to come back in the next few weeks! We also loved they had the "garage door" in front opened, it really let some nice air flow in and made dinner so much more enjoyable.  I can't wait to try all the other yummy things I saw on the new menu!笑
I went here during a recent trip to Pittsburgh to watch a fight. It's a restaurant and sports bar, that also serves as a club on weekends. Spacious dining room and large flat screen TVs everywhere. I heard they have a great brunch. Steelers players were there the night I went, so I could tell this is the cities hot spot.笑
Last night I hosted a small "bachelorette party" for my sister. Savoy provided a beautiful atmosphere, delicious food, and copious beverages, all served with a smile by their incredibly attentive staff. 

Planning the party was a breeze. As I live in SF, I had to coordinate with their events planner, Marty, via phone and email. I have never received such top-notch customer service. From start to finish Marty was there to make sure we had a terrific shindig. It was wonderful to not have to worry about any of the preparations, I knew I was in good hands. 

We held our party in their upstairs lounge which is gorgeous. They have an awesome roof deck, cool lighting fixtures, and salsa dancing on Wednesday nights. The bartenders were fast, polite, and always smiling (such a great change from SF where they always hate you). Also, I'm pretty sure everyone who works there could be a model - a handsome bunch, indeed. 

Needless to say, we had a blast and the bride absolutely loved it. I definitely recommend Savoy for get-togethers. A+ for sure!笑
Make sure you call your reservations 24hrs in advance because this is definitely NOT your typical Pittsburgh dining experience! 

The food is excellent (mind you the portions and prices are on par with any other fine restaurant in the area.  If you're looking for massive portions at a cheap price go to Olive Garden or something), the staff is absolutely delightful- both helpful and friendly,  the chef comes out several times to check on your meal (hats off to you for that), the atmosphere is delightful filled with WELL dressed people who are happy to be out and enjoying the night.  There is free valet (a plus as I am used to paying for parking). 

Definitely a place to spend an entire evening- from the restaurant downstairs to the lounge and outdoor patio upstairs.  Great food, great people, and superb staff, what more can I ask for??? I HIGHLY recommend

*PS- The crab cakes are incredible!笑
My wife and I had dinner last night at savoy. I called for a reservation on Wednesday but was told I 9 pm was the best they could do for Saturday night, but the girl said let me take your number and give us 24 hrs maybe something will come up. 20 mins later amber called and good news they had room. We valet parked, a nice touch, we were sat immediatley. Service was quick and attentive. Water was poured from a chilled capped water bottle, again a nice touch, chef Kevin stopped at our table before we ordered to review the menu. We ordered drinks first, a dirty martini with blue cheese olives and my wife had a vodka mixer. My wife started with a salad, very light zesty dressing, very fresh veggies.
For an entree my wife ordered the crab cakes and I ordered the beef two ways. Our meals arrived in good time. My wife enjoyed her meal, my brisket was a little tough when I cut into the meat and when chef Kevin saw this he immediately insisted he make a new piece. Chef Kevin was able to bring out a new piece in a very short amount of time. 
Our dessert was the peppermint patty, a small tasty dark chocolate cake with soft icing and peppermint stripe and a sauce on the side with chunks of chocolate. Just the right size for my wife and I to split. After dinner we went up stairs to sit on the outdoor deck and catch some of the pirate game. All in all an excellent experience. The portions are small which think is perfect. Quality over quanitiy. The restaurant has a great positive vibe as soon as you walk in. The music fits the decor. Yes the music Is a little loud and people occasionally get a little loud but it s bearable. I hope Pittsburgh supports the investment here, it certainly was a risk and they did make a huge investment.
We will go back some day.笑
A friend and I dined at the Savoy restaurant in downtown Pittsburgh  on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. The buffet brunch was surprisingly fresh and full including eggs, potatoes, vegetable lasagna, roast turkey with stuffing, grits, bacon, and an omelet station with all the fixings. For desert a petite pumpkin spice cheese cake. It was a very good deal ,although the drinks can get pricey 10.00 for a mimosa, and I will definitely be returning. The price plus the chic atmosphere was enough to guarantee that.笑
This place is pretty decent. 

Pros:
There was a live band that was actually pretty good. The happy hour drinks were really cheap and tasty. The manager was nice, since bar was full he was finding seats and making room for everyone. There are plenty of choices for happy hour. Nice outdoor breeze in the front.

Cons: 
The food was awful. The lobster ravioli was bland. My crab claw was so tough it was like rubber. The bread pudding tasted like a microwavable dessert and the ice cream was bad. The venue is and you can only get happy hour at the bar. It got so tight and loud at the bar it became obnoxious and I left. Forcing people to pack around a tiny bar for happy hour when the place was empty and there were plenty of seats is stupid. 

I would likely return, especially for the drinks and the music. The martinis were quite nice. Its more of a lounge and not restaurant.笑
My friend and I came here last night and had a reservation for 5:30. Our res wasn't in the system because apparently someone scheduled it for the following week, but no worries, the hostess was kind and said it was no problem. She was very friendly! My friend had a Groupon for an appetizer, two entrees, and sides. The service here is excellent. Our waiter was tremendous and very attentive. The unfortunate thing is most of the food is either too bland or too salty. We got the fried zucchini for an app and it didn't have any flavor. I had the ribs which were very good and seasoned well, but the risotto was too salty and so was the asparagus. The risotto was also veeeeery cheesy which I think could have been done without. My friend had the pork chop and it took two tries to get a steak knife. She kind of sawed through her chop without a sharp knife...womp womp. Very friendly service and nice wait staff and manager....just not a huge fan of the food.笑
Space is very modern and the ambiance is very chic... On certain nights there is jazz which brings in the older more calm crowd and on some other nights (upstairs) you can find the younger crowd and DJed music and on the nights in between there is nothing going on and it's blah ...When it comes to upstairs, the patio is a nice touch if the weather permits it but as far as being inside there is NO SPACE! be prepared to stand all night unless you have an over priced "vip" section(upstairs) ...Drinks are delicious and the food .... The food is good but over priced ... If you are going to spend that kind of money you could easily go down town and receive your money's worth...overall, if you are in the area it's a great place to grab a cocktail and calamari( the only thing that is actually worth it) before you really start your night. :)笑
I had myself hyped up for my anniversary dinner at Savoy and let me say, most of the experience was excellent but it wasn't as good as I would have hoped.  Let's start with the good. The ambiance and service were top notch.  The restaurant was impeccably clean and everything was in place. The decor is a little much and they are really intro branding (i.e. napkins in the bathroom say Savoy) but for the most part it was very cool, calm and intimate. Our server didn't linger at the table and wasn't interested in entertaining us but he was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. When I dropped my knife a staff member swooped in to pick it up and replace it with a clean one--that's what I call dedication to customer service. We made a reservation for dinner at 7pm but most of the tables were empty at that time which contributed (I'm sure) to the excellent service and low-key vibe.  

As for the drinks and food, I started my meal with their Perfect Pear martini, which was delicious. My husband got the tomato soup with grilled-cheese croutons and it was likely the best tomato soup I've ever had. It was both sweet and thick and not-at-all spicy.  It favored a grown-up Campbell's tomato soup over a fancy tomato bisque. It was the highlight of the meal.  I had a lackluster Cesar salad which was under-dressed & tasteless. For our entrees my husband ordered the barbecue ribs with macaroni-and-cheese and he savored every bite while he also stared in wonder at how each rib was sliced into a perfect rectangle.  HOW DO THEY DO IT?? They also served him a hot damp napkin which is how you eat ribs at an upscale restaurant I suppose. I ordered the roasted vegetable risotto and added grilled salmon.  My risotto was served in a beautiful bowl and with the salmon on top. The entree had a lot of flavor and the vegetables had a good texture... but a risotto it was not.  A rice dish or a casserole maybe...? But the dish lacked the consistency and firm toothiness of a risotto.  Also, I am no chef but I was fairly sure it was made with the wrong type of rice.  The salmon sunk into the rice and was barely noticeable except for at sight.  My entree was a great disappointment because it could have been so much better. It should have been so much better.  Lastly we ordered desert. He got the cheesecake and I had the lava cake. Both were much more visually stimulating than tasty. Neither of us finished desert at all.

Altogether, I don't regret my visit to Savoy but the food was truly hit-or-miss with a few flaws that were really unforgivable.  My overall impression is that Savoy should focus less on the aesthetics and more on flavor, texture and technique. I would be willing to give them another shot because what was good was very, very good and what was "bad" wasn't really that bad but not really good either.笑
So, the Bird and I cashed in another Groupon for The Savoy and have both come to the conclusion that we will not wait for another Groupon before heading back.  In fact, we both declared Savoy as our favorite Pittsburgh restaurant.

I had requested our server Alex who waited on us during our first visit and we were glad that our request was met.  We started out with some pre dinner cocktails, me going with the usual Goose and water and the Bird sticking with her favorite, whiskey sour. Both were very tasty meaning you can actually taste the Goose and Makers.

We decided to share the fried calamari & shrimp which we are glad we did because the portion was large enough for four.  It was very light and the dipping sauce was excellent!

Bird ordered the Spring Salad and I once again went with the Chopped Salad.  Both were very good.  The Bird went with the Veal Meatloaf for her entree and I went with the 12 oz New York Strip (between medium rare and medium).  Both were excellent and I know my next visit I am going with the Veal Meatloaf.  (Just to order something different).

We stuffed in the Velvet  Lava Cake for dessert which also was very good. Alex was very attentive the entire meal once again!

It was also nice that both the manager and then Chef/Owner Kevin Watson came over to see how things were.  Very cool guys and something you do not see that often.

We are looking at our schedule to decide when we will be heading back!笑
Prior to visiting the Savoy I had reservations because of some of the earlier reviews.  I went to celebrate a friend's birthday even though the reviews caused me to be concerned.  I ended up spending 3 hrs there and I could not believe how quickly the time passed.  Here are the things I liked:

- Personable and attentive waiters
- Chef checked in at each table multiple times
- The food was very good.  I had the chicken and waffles.
- Free valet parking
- Security presence
- The decor was very nice

Dislikes

- There is still a certain rough edge to the place as they are still working out the details.  I was told they had really only been open to the public for three days
- The filtered water is passable but only my last glass was cool.  The previous bottles were all room temperature
- The red lighting was not to my taste

By the time I was leaving the night time crowd had started to drift in.  About 8:30 the music volume went up making it tougher to talk but I was ok with that part of the experience.  I did get a chance to check out the upstairs.  There is seating with flat panels on the wall, a patio out back and two bars.  Quite a crowd was forming with at least one lady so deep in the sauce she probably will not remember this night.

What really took me from 3.5 stars to 4 stars was the actions of the general manager.  We had an incident with some pastries.  He came over and met the issue head on.  He apologized appropriately and took steps to make the issue right.  


I would definitely visit again.笑
I went to a yelp event here. Maybe I am wrong, but I feel like for a yelp event a restaurant will bring its A game. Apparently,  Savoy doesn't feel the same. The bartenders were quick and friendly, but in the words of Sarah S. "Well, it's alcohol." Drinks... meh, nothing I would ever order again. Food was actually pretty bad. :( Service took an hour to bring salads... we actually got our food out of order.  :( Luckily, yelp people are super fun and cool so it wasn't a complete wash...笑
I came here for a party a few weeks ago so I can't rate this place as a restaurant. 

It's a very upscale joint. Bartenders did a good job of quick service. Typically expensif drinks bottle service once specials were over; just about what one would expect.

The decor is modern. Large screens placed through the upstairs lounge. The DJ played some really great hip hop sets; really loved the music. I especially liked the upstairs outdoor patio area. Very cool place to hold a party!笑
What a mistake and should have followed the other negative reviews to heart. Instead I was influenced by some of the positive comments. Sad to say, this review doesn't fall under that category.  The food, service and ambience were all negative.

Service ... Went here tonight to celebrate mine and my twin brother's  birthday. They were their usual 30 minutes late and we sat at the table waiting for  them.  However, the waitress only came back once during that time  to check on us.  

I should mention it was Monday night live jazz night and our party of seven was seated right next to the band. Had I known upfront they wouldn't have been in a separate room, I would have walked out immediately.  My poor brother sat flushed right next to the guitar player and although the band was decent, it was extremely difficult to carry on a conversation.  I kept hoping they would take a break so I sound be able to talk to my family.

Water glasses sat unfilled, coffee  cups and bread baskets were empty.  Husband asked the olive oil for dipping bread in, never got it.  Kept asking over and over again for the same items. The other reviewers gave their servers outstanding  service ratings and I was expecting that from our waitress.  But I had better service at an Eat n Park the other day.

We ordered appetizers, salads and shrimp cocktails and the clumsy waitress couldn't hand her tray and dropped and broke one of the shrimp cocktail glasses, near my nephew's foot.  Of course it took nearly 18 minutes (my nephew timed her) until she brought out a replacement and no apology given.  At the very least, that should have been comped. 

Food .. Extremely salty and over priced for what you get. Some ordered steaks, and unless you order the Savoy  Specialties, expect to pay for al la carte sides. If you are paying  $24 for a petit steak, at least throw on a scoop of mashed potatoes. Instead we had to order sides, $10 for a plate of hard, green beans and  augratin  potatoes. 

I personally had the blackened veal meatloaf and it came out cold, not lukewarm, but cold.  Sent it back and waited another 20 minutes for a replacement while the others ate their meal.  

I should also note that when the replacement dish came, the portion size of the mashed  were significantly smaller than what had been given the first time around. The Brussels sprouts were also very hard and tasted raw, practically inedible. 

Son ordered chicken Alfredo and just ate two bites since it was so salty. You'd think the waitress would have noticed a dish hardly eaten and inquired if everything was okay?  Nope. Never bothered checking once, or asking how our meals were. 

Bill for the 7 of us came to well over $450 including a bottle of wine, no dessert, not even anything thrown in for our inconvenience or to celebrate our birthdays. 

In summation, if I could give this restaurant less than one star, I definitely would. I won't  be back, and neither should you.笑
The food was good -- but not worth the price.  

- For the price of their chicken and waffles, a 6$ upcharge for two breasts rather than a breast and a thigh is ridiculous.  
- Also, half a waffle for that? seriously? In general, the rest of my party complained about the portion sizes and that it wasn't "all that"
- I'm from the Carolinas and I know how fried chicken should taste -- this was close, but not close enough to make me home-sick.  

Service -- Wow...can you get any more rude and pretentious?

When we said we didn't want soup or salad (we'd had a huge lunch) the waiter got really snooty with us.  We were one of the few tables in there, so he should have been thankful for any customers.  In general, we felt like we were putting them out by even being in the place. I felt bad leaving a $30 tip for the $3 service we got.  Get over yourself, buddy, you are waiter not the queen of England, you have no right to deign over serving us dinner.笑
Have dined here at least 10 times.... Sometimes at a table, more often at the bar...... Food and service have been consistently perfect. And it is just always so fun and happening here! People dress up , great music , attentive staff... LoVe it笑
I really enjoyed our dining experience here. The food was great and our drinks were delicious...got the Groupon glad I did because sometimes a little skeptical about some things their...we got some kind of salmon app it was fantastic. Wish we would of had room to try dessert.笑
The Sunday Brunch is a definite for any wanting to get out before the game come on. The dining service and wait staff were very professional and courteous. The Red Velvet waffles! O M G...yeah babay you have to try them with the pure maple syrup!笑
Great service, amazing food, and nice atmosphere.  Love the white leather furniture and the decor.   Waiter was professional and accommodating. We will be back!笑
We were disappointed for the moment we walked in. There is not a dress code online. Yet, the manager looked my friend up and down. She stopped and looked at her clothes thinking she had a huge spot on her shirt. She was wearing black pants and a nice top. We're not exactly sure what that was about. 
He asked if we were there for dinner and informed my friend that she would have to leave her water bottle at the front desk. 
(Side note: the menu online is different from the menu at the restaurant. The restaurant prices are higher and it includes chicken and waffles *inclusive of side.) 
When we were ordering dinner, the menu stated that the chicken and waffles is 'inclusive of side'. We asked what the side was and the waiter was not sure. He said that my friend could pick a side. So, she ordered the chicken and waffles with a side of the curried potatoes. About five or so minutes later, the manager comes over to the table and states that he heard we were in need of assistance. We were confused because we didn't realize there was an issue. Right away, the waiter came over and stated that there was an issue over what the side item was for the chicken and waffles. The manager stated that it does not come with an additional side item. I stated that the menu says its inclusive of side and wondered what it included. The manager stated that the side is the waffle. I actually laughed at this because you can not have a side item as the entrée. I then asked about what had been ordered. It was awkward. After some comments back and forget, the manager stated that it could remain how it was ordered but for future reference, the waffle is the side. Ok, we think it's over. 
Five or so minutes later, the manager comes over again. He tries to smooth things over and stated that they need to change the menu and he has let them know several times. Then, he asks me if I ordered the chicken and waffles. I did not. He asked our other friend. She did not order it either. He then states, I thought someone here ordered the chicken and waffles. The third person chimes in that she had ordered them. He then says to her, well I hope you eat it all. That's an awfully weird comment. He leaves and brings us back business cards. 
This entire ordeal happened before we even received our dinners. My friend was extremely uncomfortably and did not want to be at the restaurant. Our entire experience was ruined and it overshadowed the food.笑
I went to a Yelp event here and I can't wait to go back. I'm thinking this will be the perfect spot for my 30th birthday extravaganza. I especially enjoyed the pear martini. I'm a sucker for St Germaine, and it was the perfect blend of tart and sweet, but not too sweet.

The chef demonstrated how to prepare sous vide meats, which was a fun touch. We were in the lounge event upstairs, which was chic and modern without being pretentious. The live jazz from downstairs was so inviting. I can't wait to go back just for the jazz. All in all, a fantastic night that made me want to come back for more!笑
I've been dining here for 3 years and I have never been disappointed. Brunch is affordable and delicious. The french toast casserole is my favorite. The mimosas are over priced. Dinner is great for a date or ladies night out. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is spotless. This time I had filet mignon and it was a great choice. They have deals on Groupon every once in a while. I'm not a fan of the lounge only because of the crowd. The atmosphere is great but the people are acting like they're something they're not.笑
Great food, decor, mood.  Amazing Jazz on Mondays! Our waiter Ed was fabulous. Really great date night.笑
All I can say is thank goodness we used a Groupon! I would not have been happy if we paid full price.
They have very few openings for reservations and on the phone they remind you there's a dress code. My husband and I went to the meal quite excited we were in for a great date only to end up practically yelling at each other so we could have a conversation over the Steelers game. I'm sorry, are you a high end restaurant or a sports bar? Even sports bars don't play the games that loud. 
Wait Staff: excellent
The attitude: pretentious for no clear reaso n. 
The decor:  modern and was nice, but they kept adjusting the lighting from ridiculously bright to intimate and dark. 
Food: decent - 3.5 to 4 stars, but most definitely not worth the 30-something dollar price tag. I love high end food and have no problem spending that on good food, but this was worth 20 something at best for the quality of the ingredients.
Overall Impression: It would have gotten 3, maybe even 4 stars if the food was priced better and the game wasn't blasting. If you enforce a fancy dress code and act incredibly exclusive, having the game raging in the background with lights turned up does not work. I understand I'm in Steeler country, but you've got to be kidding me.笑
I've been having cravings for living up to stereotypes so when I saw fried chicken aon the menu I was sold.  Of course this is a fancy establishment so I had to have a side of Belgian  waffle with a syrup that had so many fancy things in it, I instantly felt extra fancy. It was like Iggy Azalea was hosting a concert in my mouth and only fancy flavors were invited. 
The fried chicken was seasoned and cooked to perfection as was the waffle.

The ambiance of the place was pleasant: fancily upscale without all the pretentious pageantry  and the waitstaff was fancily friendly. They even have a decent gluten free menu for those that don't fancy gluten.

All in all, this is the type of place I would take my parents to thank them for paying for my fancy English degree as well as my less than fancy friends that know nothing of being fancy. I'm a fancy lad with a fancy palette and Savoy definitively tickled my fancy.

Fancy.笑
We were so excited to come here for our Anniversary dinner!!! The food was amazing!! The only compliant I have, was that the staff all hung out by the bar, which unfortunately was right in front of our table..it was a little distracting from our dinning experience! Overall the food was amazing! We will definitely return!! They even gave us a special dessert!笑
This place needs to decide whether it wants to be a night club or a restaurant.  The music was SOOOO loud that our party of 2 couple had to split up to 2 men and 2 women so that we could hear each other.  I love jazz but the volume was up to the level of a heavy metal concert.  I left this place with a headache.  We would only return if the band turns the volume down to dinner level music.  Food was excellent. It's a shame that the music ruined the experiience笑
Went for Sunday brunch. They had buffet but choose regular dishes. Food was very good & service was great.  Atmosphere very stylish & nice. Would definitely recommend. We'll be back.笑
Delicious!   Bright modern décor, but comfortable and cozy at the same time.  I went with a large party (read on for reservation notes) and really had a great time.  The menu has a bit of a southern flair, but is still modern and well thought out.      Everything we had was really good and well-portioned.  The lobster risotto was creamy and delicious, with a hint of sweetness from the lobster and some corn.  It had three good sized lobster claws in there (they're shelled - no work needed).  It looked like a small portion, but it was actually just the right amount once I got into it.  It's fine dining, so the prices are on up there, but I didn't feel like anything was grossly overpriced.  Bar and table service were both excellent.  They have a coat check and there is a parking lot next door, so it was pretty convenient too.   

Why only 4 stars when everything was really great?   The reservation experience was completely terrible.  I made two separate reservations online about six weeks out - one for 6 people and one for 4 people . I didn't ask them to accommodate a large party - just two separate tables.  The website did not prohibit this, nor include any warning about this being an issue.   Then another friend wanted to come and made one more reservation (again a separate table) for 4.   She requested to be placed near us, but that was it.   

So all is well for weeks and weeks...and then it's not.  They me to call 24 hours before to confirm and realize that I have two separate reservations, which is apparently not allowed.  They inform me that they will simply not honor one of the reservations unless I want to put down a $200 deposit.   They didn't care at all that they were giving me 24 hours notice on something that had been booked for weeks and were really rude and unaccommodating.  I have a general policy against deposits, so now I am faced with telling 4 of my friends the day before that they can't come to something they have planned on doing for 6 weeks.  What the heck?!   So I call my friend that has the separate reservation.  She calls.  They won't let her increase her reservation at all, but eventually acquiesce and put her at a table right next to us.  Problem still not solved because I still have 14 people at a table for 10.   I whittled it down to 11 (the best I could do) and told them when I arrived that I might have an extra.   They were pretty rude about it again and told me that we could "squish the extra in on the bench".  Grrr.   Fortunately, one of our party knew the manager and was able to grab and extra table next to us, but without her getting it done, we would have been crammed in like sardines.   

Overall, I was pretty appalled by the hostess staffs' rudeness and the whole reservation fiasco in general.  The rest of the experience saved them from a lower star rating for sure.笑
Savoy has me intrigued, its different from other places I've been to in Pittsburgh and I like that!  I will say I was sorely disappointed in the food - it was mediocre at best.  

My friend and I met at Savoy for happy hour and I got the pear martini and cucumber melon martini - both were fantastic.  My friend got the cotton candy martini which I got to try and assuming that it would be ridiculously, stomach turning sweet, I even winced before taking a sip, 

Well slap me in the face!  It wasn't overly sweet, it was perfectly balanced while still tasting like cotton candy. 

We ordered some appetizers including the sliders (medium well) that came with "Savoy" fries and the shrimp satay.  The sliders were chewy, dry, and bland...maybe it was b/c we wanted them cooked medium well, but I've had burgers requested this way without being so dry and bland.  The "Savoy" fries were regular old fries with a bit of salt and rosemary...you could hardly taste the seasoning...say hello to ketchup.

The shrimp was cooked well (not rubbery) but the peanut sauce left me thinking that there's something missing...could it be salt, maybe some spice...I'm not exactly sure, but it's like someone opened a jar of Jif peanut butter extra creamy style, melted it and served it with the shrimp.  My understanding was the peanut "sauce" is more than just melted peanut butter.  

I would go back again for the drinks and ambiance, I'd be curious to see how it was later in the evening since we were just there for happy hour.  

Oh amost forgot - the staff was very friendly when we were there.笑
A place that is probably out of our usual budget if without a Groupon, but a fantastic deal if you could snag one (2 entrees and 1 dessert for up to $69). It was our second time back and we loved it equally as much as the first time. We went on weeknights both times and there was live jazz music. Awesome band both times--great singers, but the volume was a bit loud to hold conversations over. My boyfriend and I were shoulders-to-shoulders both times and we could just manage to hear one another. So I would recommend calling to check before having a large group dinner.

We had the fried calamari (with shrimp) appetizer and we loved it! Portion was generous and we were both stuffed before entrees arrived. They always serve raspberry sorbet on this decadent flower bowl to cleanse your palate before your main dish arrives--yum! (Almost feels like cheating to have dessert before dinner!)

Main courses were fried chicken waffle and lobster tail. I didn't try the chicken waffle because my boyfriend cleaned his plate before I could. The lobster tail was so flavorful with the risotto! We had ice cream for dessert (up to 3 flavors) but it took a while for it to come out. 

Oh and the bread here is amazing!笑
I do love Savoy and all the class that it brings to the Strip District and Pittsburgh. I've had the opportunity to come here a few times now and never has it been a disappointment. 

The downstairs main dining area and bar, bringing back a ballroom classy vibe. With its elegant interior and absolutely excellent happy hour menu it's hard to not feel engulfed in a feeling of class and comfort. I look forward to being dressed nicely for this location, as you only should be. Savoy has a lovely mix of cocktails, fun, experimental martinis and naturally mixed drinks and a lovely wine selection. It's hard not to try them all. If you would like to, make sure to drop by happy hour when they are half off. 

If you are not here for dinner, make sure to stumble through their bar list. The peanut Satays are Pittsburgh award winning, the chocolate raviolis filled with butternut squash are to die for and back when they had their swirl mac n cheese I could not get enough of just comfort food happiness [I hope that comes back that's why it's on here]. I would suggest opting for the calamari over the fried chicken wings if you are looking for crunch, the calamari is fantastic. Naturally you can keep it light with the Chef's Cheese platter or the Pear and Gorgonzola salad.

For a dinner, we were a group of six for my birthday dinner and we were naturally a little of all over the place. The filet is to amazing with the asparagus and mushrooms. The pasta dishes are on the heavier and decadent side so opt for fish if you would like something a tad lighter. With the new menus they also offer gluten free items marked with a GF beside the item.

Upstairs, Savoy offers a lovely lounge to hand with your friends and an outdoor patio perfect for warm Friday summer nights. If you are still in the mood to snack, a smaller lounge menu is available as well. 

In case parking is too difficult for you, let the Valet take care of this before you meddle around with their parking lot. I personally bump into things all the time [this is without martinis]

All in All Savoy is an absolutely lovely establishment, well worth the visit on a classy, calm night out to catch up with a good girlfriend or a nice date with your significant other. I was happy when KB suggested it for a drink after being in the Strip all evening. Do come, you will not be disappointed.笑
My husband and I made reservations last night to eat at Savoy. We both were very disappointed. Some of the food was not completely cooked. I guess we should've realize this place has gone downhill since we were the only people eating there. We will not be back. They definitely need to bring in a good chef who knows what they're doing笑
I struggle with giving this place a rating. Their Chocolate Ravioli Butternut Squash with Lobster Cream filling was amazing and so decadent! Their Stuffed Lobster Tail with crab meat was also quite tasty! But it was almost too much. Hours after the meal I could still taste all the butter and I felt like I was sweating it out by the end of the night. Their Calamari and Fried Shrimp appetizer was ok - nothing to rave about, but nothing noticeably wrong. The waitstaff is attentive and friendly - also so knowledgeable. There was nothing Ed could not answer. Decor was modern and chic. Music was bumpin! Overall, I think this review has skewed towards 3 stars because of personal preference. Solid choice, but I wouldn't go back.笑
My husband and I had dinner here last Friday night. Overall, food I would give 3.5, service 4, atmosphere 1.

It was just SO LOUD the entire time. This place is more bar than restaurant. I've never been to a nice restaurant where it is appropriate to YELL to your friends. It would be one thing if the bar and restaurant were separate but they are not. Also, the lighting was constantly changing on a loop. Bar area fine, but right at our table? The whole table glowed red, orange, yellow, green, blue, red, orange, yellow...... the ENTIRE time. It got annoying after a little while.

When we first arrived we had to wait, which was not a huge problem. It would have been less of a problem if I wasn't 7.5 months pregnant and forced to stand in the doorway while the party crowd spread out in the lounge and bar area. I don't really expect people to move for me just because I'm pregnant, but in this case there was plenty of room - your purse doesn't need its own seat. I don't blame the restaurant for that, though it would have really been nice if one of the hostesses or bartenders could have offered up one of the empty seats. Though to be honest, I didn't really want to jump in the middle of all the yelling.

Once we were seated the experience was better. The food was fairly good. We ordered the cheese plate for an appetizer, which was OK. I would recommend some nuts and maybe some pears or other less sweet fruits that would complement the cheeses instead of the blueberries and strawberries which didn't go with the plate. I ordered the Spring Salad, which was excellent. My husband got the gumbo which he really enjoyed. He ordered the dinner special, which was a filet and lobster tail. He said the filet was a little overdone, the lobster was OK - nothing special. I ordered the chocolate raviolis, which were good. They were covered in a thick, rich, cream sauce. Tasted very good, though there was nothing healthy about it! For dessert we split the banana cream pie sundae which was by far the best part of the meal. SO GOOD. 

Our server was very attentive, constantly filling our water and asking if we needed anything. He didn't seem to be fully knowledgeable about the menu - had to ask about the cheese plate and didn't know how big the filet was - but his service and attentiveness was excellent. He did a good job.

When I made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything and I told them that it was our anniversary. They didn't acknowledge that, which was fine, but why ask?

I would rate this place higher if they would ditch the looping neon lights and make the dining area quieter so you don't have to yell at the person next to you just to have a conversation. It's definitely not a good place for a romantic date. Maybe I should give this place another shot when I can drink again.笑
My friend and I finally made it to Savoy before we both moved out of Pittsburgh. There were so many times we decided the day of to check this restaurant out and it always happened to be on a Tuesday when they are closed. I found a groupon for the restaurant and had to get it thinking if I buy a groupon I'll have to make my way there. We made reservations on a Wednesday evening and we were very impressed as soon as we stepped into the door. The decor is modern, definitely gives you a lounge vibe. We were seated at those small tables where the couple next to us we really close and I noticed they were speaking creole. We asked to be moved. I absolutely hate sitting so close to other people and I feel like I can't engage in intimate convo with the next couple so close by. We were moved to one of the bigger booths in the back although they did mention that they didn't usually do that. We were thankful. We shared the trio appetizer plate with jumbo lump crab cake, arugula salad, orange remoulade, and warm vegetable strudel. The crab cakes were really good and I'm never interested in crab cakes. The strudel was ok. We both had Caesar salads. I had the Cajun season blackened Delmonico steak with rosemary Yukon potatoes and haricots verts. My friend had the stuffed lobster tail with crab meat and shrimp with brown rice mushroom and spinach. My steak was pretty amazing. My friend loved his lobster tail. I had a bite and it was amazing as well. Our favorite part was the lighting that changed and the music selections were excellent. I was grooving while I was eating can't get any better than that. We never prefer dessert but were required to do so because of the groupon. We ordered some strawberry dessert and literally took two bites and pushed it away. Our waiter could have been better. He asked us what we wanted to drink but never brought the drink menus and we had to ask for it. Nonetheless we had a great time and would return when back in Pittsburgh.笑
Ahh chicken and waffles I have a new love affair with you and the ones at savoy are a show stopper. We visited for brunch one beautiful Sunday afternoon. The atmosphere of savoy is great, I love the decor and the feel of this restaurant. We started out with some deliciously spicy bloody Mary's and I had the boneless breast chicken and waffles with the traditional waffle. I know I know the red velvet ones looked amazing as well, but I wanted to be old school for our first visit. 
There is also a lovely buffet set up and the offerings changes. I like that it's manned and not a huge buffet with a sneeze guard type situation so again good for savoy in ambiance. I'd also state that everything feels small and intimate, not loud and cavernous like other Sunday brunch locales. 
And now beings my ode to their chicken and waffles. The chicken, I could write love letters to this chicken. A huge, thick, boneless breast that was perfectly cooked. Not a hint of pink, but so very moist and tender! And the coating was crispy and divine. Awesome awesome awesome. The waffle was also great, but clearly that chicken was the diva on my plate. I will definitely come back for brunch!笑
This place just seemed to be mediocre to me. I just feel that if I am going to pay over $100 for dinner, it should be a memorable dinner.  It just all seemed like something I could have had at a chain restaurant for a 1/4 of the cost.  Nothing really stands out in my head as exceptional, and that's the problem . I would much rather spend my money at Cure, or Meat and Potatoes, both much more amazing and memorable meals!笑
One word--OVERRATED! Decor is beautiful, modern, upscale. Im from Pittsburgh but have lived out of town for 11 years. I have heard about this Savoy place from different people so i thought id give it a try when i came in town. I went for happy hour with my mom, my aunt and my brother. We ordered tons of appetizers and not one impressed us. The food lacked flavor and i would have been upset had i paid full price for any of them. We had chicken and shrimp satay, fried shrimp and calamari, chicken quesadillas, tilapia tacos, and fried chicken with general tsos dipping sauce. The chicken satay supposedly won a competition for best appetizer in the city of Pittsburgh but i would have to disagree as it was not award worthy food to me. I laugh reading others post about the dress code...well yhey they have obviously let up in that area because everyone wasnt dressed classy in that place but they should because we stayed until 8pm on a Friday nighy and their dining room was pretty empty so they could use all the business they could get. My friend wants to take me there for dinner on Sunday but im not so sure if i want to actually eat dinner there. I mean apps are the easiest thing to make and if you cant even make good appetizers then im going to be skeptical of your actual entrees. Wilk follow up if i actually decide to eat there. There are so many other great places to eat in the city.笑
Too loud. If you want to talk, dine elsewhere. I had the lobster & scallops pasta.  Excellent. The serving bowl created a natural well for the buttery sauce. The portion size was a little small, but that left room for dessert. The decor was modern and chic. The tables across from the bar were too close together and staff would put their rear ends in my face. I suggest asking for a table or booth in back. The said they had a dress code but most men did not have a coat & tie. Disappointing. Check your coats at the door, that was a nice perk. I don't recall paying more for a meal anywhere in the city, and my wallet was much thinner. Although the chef came to our table and the food was top notch, I think I'd spend my money up on Mt Washington with a view of the city.笑
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary dinner at Savoy recently, and we loved the place!  Initially, when we booked the reservation, the general manager (Tom) took the reservation over the phone, and he was interested in us and took the time to ask questions about his new customers.  Upon arrival, I appreciated the free parking lot.  As we entered Savoy, the décor appeared attractive and the greetings we received from the staff were very friendly.  The restaurant was pleasantly full for a weekday supper, and we were led to a nice table in the back of the dining room.  My wife was glad that she had her wrap with her, as it was a little chilly in the restaurant, but on a hot summer's night, that felt comfortable to me.  Our wine was very good, especially the red blend ( I wish I could remember the name). My filet mignon was one of the biggest and best I ever had, done perfectly, and my wife's crab cakes were also delicious!    We noticed GM Tom in action that evening, he offering to take our photo when he saw me attempting a "selfie".  The entire service staff worked well together, but I have to offer one more compliment to Tom the GM.  He's definitely a "lead by example" manager, as no task seemed beneath him, including delivering food and scraping the crumbs off of tables in support of his team.  Well done Savoy...we'll be back!笑
I held an event at Savoy back in March 2012 and it was a great venue. There was room for a coaching session with many individuals plus room and space for networking afterwards. 

I found the atmosphere and the decor very pleasing and comfortable. Plus the staff was very accommodating and attentive to the needs of our group. I really appreciated that as the host of the event.

We also enjoyed a variety of tasty hors d'oeuvres, sweet desserts and coffee throughout the evening. There was also a cash bar available to those who preferred that option.

I have since been here a variety of different times on many occasions and the service and food are always good. It's a very comfortable atmosphere.笑
I had heard about Savoy for years. About how beautiful the space was and how expensive the food was but, I had never went for dinner. I had tasted Savoy's food before at the Pittsburgh Magazines Best Restaurants Party multiple times and at the Yelp Tech Shop Event and at the Yelp's Soirée @ Savoy Elite event. Each time the food was very good.

I saw a $49 Groupon Deal for Savoy that I couldn't pass up that included two entrees and one dessert of your choice. I decided to check them out for a date night with my wife Tamika so we could finally see what all the fuss was about. 

Now let me tell you about the space. All I can say is WOW! It is absolutely beautiful. Savoy has to be one of the most beautiful spaces in Pittsburgh. Once inside you fill like you've been transported to Atlanta, New York or Miami. It was created by Pittsburgh designer Luca Paganico and transformed an dated three story building into a posh and intimate restaurant with leather couches and chairs, a fiber optic bar, and walls with lighting that changes color as patrons dine. Upstairs in the lounge area was just as beautiful. With four separate sectional couch areas with TVs on the wall. I know it had to cost a fortune to build and furnish the space.

We started off with drinks. I had the Peach on Peach and the Mrs. had the Blueberry Mojito. The drinks took a while to reach the table but, once they did they were worth the wait.

Next we enjoyed a complementary bread basket with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. It was very good followed by an amazing lemon sorbet to cleanse our palates.

For our entrees I had the N.Y. Strip Steak with compressed mushrooms, Yukon whipped potatoes and haricots verts. The streak was cooked perfectly and just how I asked for it to be cooked. My only complaint is that the sauce for the streak was extremely salty. Also like when the salt was added the top was loose and salt got dumped onto my plate. 

My wife had the Pork Chops which was one of the dinner features that night. Her pork chops were even more salty then my steak so she only ate about a quarter of it and took the rest home. Savoy does offer quite a few Gluten Free dining options as well

For dessert we shared the salted carmel chocolate torte. (Roasted banana ice cream, milk chocolate cashew bark and chocolate fondue) It was even chosen as Savor Pittsburgh's Dish of the Year for 2013. IT WAS AMAZING! 

Service was superb the entire evening. I also like the fact that you can make reservations right from the Savoy website which are a must as the space only seats about 75 people.

All in all Savoy is a nice place that I would visit for sure for drinks during Happy Hour and go somewhere else for dinner. I just cannot with a clear conscience justify the prices without a Groupon Deal.笑
This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I go on Thursday nights, when they have live music. They also have live Jazz on Mondays.

If you get a seat at the bar, you'll meet some interesting people. It's a very welcoming, warm clientele. It's an integrated crowd, and they dress to the nines. If you wear jeans, no one will think the less of you, but you'll walk in and go "Oh, crap."

The fried chicken and waffles are fabulous, as are the cajun-dusted wings with ranch. Those are my mainstays.

If you're solo, it's perfect. if you're on a date, it's perfect. If you're in a group, it's perfect. It's a beautiful, modern space and a fabulous, music-filled atmosphere. Dress up. And if you sit at the bar, ask for Jackson. He'll take good care of you.笑
What a pleasant surprise!!

Here's the deal: I was apprehensive about going to Savoy. The prices are on the high end, there's no doubt about that. There's a recommended dress code, and the website describes the restaurant as being inspired by high-end dining establishments in cities far bigger than our little 'Burgh.

So these are fancy things. And, well, I'm just not that fancy of a broad. I was a little apprehensive that I was going to be way out of place at a fancy restaurant.

But once you're in the doors, you're treated like a regular, even if it's your first visit. Yes, Savoy is classy, swanky, and as fancy as a 'get on the list months in advance' New York restaurant, but in no way is it pretentious. From the friendly hostess at the front to the excellent attention from our server and assistant server to the managers strolling through and chatting with patrons, this place has service down to an art form.

We went on Monday night, which is Jazz Night, and you should too. Great music while you enjoy your food and beverages - who can argue with that?

We started with the fried calamari and shrimp plate. This could have easily fed 3 or 4 people (and yet the two of us managed to plow through it somehow, mostly because we are foodie troopers, I guess). The breading was so light and crispy, and it came with a little dish of sun-dried tomato horseradish cream sauce that was heavenly.

For entrees, my husband got the shrimp and grits (because he just cannot pass that up on a menu). This dish was stacked: andouille sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms, and scallions on top of the grits, and all the flavors worked together. Very savory and creamy and filling all at once.

For my entree, I got the pork chop (because I just cannot pass up a pork chop on a menu). The house preparation is 'medium well,' which is waaaay more well done than I ever order my meat (yes, even pork), but I decided to trust the chef and go for it. That proved to be a good decision: there was nothing tough about this pork at all. It was super juicy and accompanied by a sweet potato puree, mushroom ragout, sauteed kale & arugula, and little balls of apples. So very, very good.

Throughout dinner, we also had baskets of bread delivered to the table. There are several different varieties: olive, rosemary, little sweet buns, all accompanied by olive oil & balsamic for dipping. We enjoyed wine with our meals, as well as the fabulous sounds of Roger Humphries and his band the RH Factor, the featured band for Jazz Night.

Service was excellent: never was a water glass empty, never did a finished plate linger on the table. All of our questions about the menu were answered by our server Jared, and he was prompt, attentive, and friendly.

The only negative I could find about Savoy is that yes, it is a little on the pricey side, and (brace yourselves) they make their Cosmopolitans with triple sec. Yes, this may seem a minor detail to some, but it is one of the Seven Deadly Foodie Sins According To Fox. And I wouldn't have minded seeing some bourbon on the spirits menu for after-dinner. Lucky for me, there was a solid selection of wines to choose from (both by the bottle and by the glass, as well as a tawny port for dessert), so I didn't have to worry if the spirits menu wasn't right for me.

So, triple-sec-related-sins aside, Savoy is the real thing. Great food, great service, great wine, great atmosphere, and great music on Jazz Night (complete with middle-aged couples getting up and dancing, the best!). With an option like this, there's no excuse for not going out on a Monday!笑
I tried going to savoy for happy hour with my co-worker since their website advertised such a good time with happy hour specials and a band. When we got there, there was about 13 people at the bar. It was my first time there and I didn't think I had to make reservations for happy hour. There were no more seats at the bar. The hostess said that happy hour was only at the bar and that we couldn't sit at the booths and upstairs was "exclusive", so all she could suggest was that we stood there until somebody got up from the bar. Meanwhile, an older lady came in behind us. A guy that was standing behind me asked her is she needed anything. She told him that she wanted to get at the bar but there are no more seats. He wavedhis hand for her to follow him and seated her. my co-worker was upset at the fact that we were there first but the person behind us were able to get a seat. We decided to leave. If I had came with a group of 20 for happy hour, we would've all been turned away, right along with our money! That was the most ridiculous thing ive ever experienced! I like to go to happy hour in groups and I shouldn't have to run out of my office at 5:00 to try and secure a seat!! I like to scout out and experience the different happy hours around Pittsburgh to see which are the best so that I can suggest and next time go with a group. This was my first experience at savoy and my last.笑
My son said the filet he got is the best he has ever had. My daughter had the chicken and waffles and ate the lot - does not happen often.

2 of the appetizers we had - the chicken satay and roasted butternut squash filled chocolate raviolis with lobster claw meat - were unbelievably good. Next time back I am going to have those as my meal. Pear and Gorgonzola salad was also good.

Place is kind of hip and swanky - but the wait staff were very friendly and not pretentious in any way. Great place, will be back.笑
I love Savoy. In fact just thinking about Savoy makes my mouth water a little, that's how much I love Savoy.

The first time I sampled some bites from Savoy was at a Yelp event last year; unfortunately it took me quite a long time to make my way back, but I after the meal I had last week I think the wait was worth it. I went here for dinner with a family member on a Wednesday night - as a result the place was pretty quiet when we arrived. After checking our coats (this is more or less mandatory as they don't let you drape them over the chairs) we were seated at one of their comfy downstairs lounge tables, and we explored the menu, ordered, and proceeded to enjoy an excellent meal.

Firstly, there was the fresh free bread with oil and balsamic for dipping. I was quite hungry so this was a great start. One note, though - beware the spicy bread! We're pretty sure jalapenos were baked into a couple pieces. Tasty for some, not ideal for people like me though.

Then there was the drinks. My dining companion ordered a blackberry Cosmo (made with ingredients like blackberry moonshine - quite a nice touch), and I ordered the Starburst. Both of these drinks were superb; the Cosmo was a first-rate drink and oddly enough, my Starburst did indeed remind me of Starburst candies - but was still muuuuch tastier!

As for the food - just, YUM! My companion ordered tomato soup and a pear salad. The salad was flavorful (though pretty standard in terms of salad ingredients), and the tomato soup was simply amazing - in addition to its freshness and being the perfect thickness it came with grilled cheese sandwich squares instead of croutons. More restaurants need to do this with their tomato soup, it was just so good! As for me, I ordered the 2015 restaurant week special - hen with bacon mac and cheese and a side of kale - and this was simply divine. I have yet to find such tender, juicy and well seasoned chicken in the city, plus the mac and cheese wasn't overly cheesy and had the bacon flavor infused into it. The result was that it wasn't too rich and it went well with my chicken and kale. The entire meal was also served with a side of tomato gravy, which was basically a thicker version of the tomato soup I'd sampled and fallen in love with already. I couldn't have been happier with what I ordered.

The clincher for our excellent meal was the fantastic service we received throughout the night. All in all we thought Savoy had amazing food, fantastic staff and a very chill but warm atmosphere. We would absolutely come back - hopefully my next meal here will involve sampling the amazing looking brunch menu!笑
I'm not from Pittsburgh and neither was 4 others in our party of 8! The restaurant itself  is nice the food was pretty good but I will never go back to eat there because of the rude ass manager that was working the night of 4/4/15.  I guess he had an attitude with our party because some of our guest arrived  late for our reservation but they would not seat us until the entire reservation party arrived.  I think his attitude was very unprofessional he greeted everyone in the restaurant but us the entire night we watched him go to every table but he went out of his way to not come to the two tables we were sitting at.  This is why I usually don't spend my money in BLACK establishments because this is how your treated by your own race...... Needless to say we paid his paycheck that night because with a party of 8 we spent $$$$ when we dined there!  It didn't matter that 6 of us were traveling in from Philly only to check out this establishment.笑
Really great restaurant consistently, but tonight takes the cake. This is an adult dining venue but our sitter cancelled. We took a 15 mos old and 6 year old because the Groupon was going to expire. The entire staff rolled out the red carpet despite our little guys joining in. Very accommodating and kind though I know kid guests aren't usually expected. Love the atmosphere here. Gary walks around and says hi every time. I always feel so welcome. Love it here! We will be back (but for goodness sakes without the kids!!!). My toddler loves the ribeye!!笑
Had an absolutely lovely evening at Savoy. Made reservations for 7:30pm and we were seated in a booth directly facing Monday night jazz! What an absolute delight! The service and food were wonderful - we got the stuffed salmon, kale Caesar salad and the turkey lasagna. Everyone was so nice and we cannot wait to return!笑
We had been to Savoy for brunch many moons ago. We opted to try dinner. I made reservations. We were there a few minutes early and we were greeted by a friendly hostess who told us it would be just a few minutes until our table was ready. It was only a few minutes and the hostess came and got us. The vibe at Savoy is modern and chic, very relaxing. We were waited on promptly by our waitress, Nikki, who was friendly, knowledgeable, & attentive our entire dinner. She was there but not noticeable. Our water glasses were full and she was quick with the offer of additional rounds of drinks.  She was terrific! We were given a bread basket and then a refill. The bread was warm and delicious and consisted od four kinds. The jalapeño cheese bread was the right amount of heat and cheese. There was an olive bread. I am not an olive fan but, wow! There was one with sesame seeds on it, more plain but still great and then there was an herby bun, awesome....salty yet herby tasting. We ordered apps. I got the chocolate butternut squash raviolis with lobster. OMG! Who would have thought that chocolate raviolis filled with a butternut squash filling covered in a cheese cream sauce with lobster works yet somehow it is just, wow! It works...boy, does it work! The hubby got the fried zucchini. The zucchini was lightly breaded and not at all greasy and fresh. On to entrees... the hubby got the Delmonico steak cooked medium rare and served with green beans and mashed potatoes. It was so good. The steak was phenomenal and the potatoes were herby and awesome! I got the lobster risotto. Creamy, cheesy goodness chalked full of big chunks of lobster and cooked perfectly. And then dessert...the caramel chocolate torte with cappuccino ice cream. Geez! It doesn't get any better! The ice cream was just loaded with a cappuccino flavor that many try to get right but do not. They got it here! From beginning to end just perfection all the way, 5 stars indeed!笑
I love this place the atmosphere is great. The food is magnificent. The servers make you want to join them every Sunday. I'll definitely be back. Love the changes Savoy keep up the good work.笑
I went to Savoy finally for the first time on a Monday, a few weeks ago thanks to Groupon.  My friend and I were happy that we chose to go on a Monday night when there was live music.  The place is nicely decorated and I only saw the downstairs dining room area, but it was classy and comfortable. 

We each ordered a glass of wine, but we didn't end up getting any appetizers, though there are a lot of delicious sounding ones on the menu so I hope to go back again and try some of them such as the Crab, Artichoke and Jalapeno Pepper Dip or the Tomato Soup with Grilled Cheese Croutons.

My friend ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes with came with sweet corn and spinach and grilled red peppers.  She really enjoyed her meal and I tried a bite and it was delicious.  I ordered the crab stuffed lobster tail over brown rice with spinach.  It was phenomenal.  Our Groupon included a dessert so we shared the Salted Caramel Chocolate Torte which was heavenly.  I'm just sorry that I didn't get a picture of it!  

Overall the food was delicious and the service was impeccable.  It was great being there on a Monday night to hear the live music.  I don't know if I would have tried it without the Groupon but will definitely go back again either for a special occasion or to hear live music, though maybe go to the lounge instead.笑
My boyfriend and I dined here over a year ago because I had a groupon.  The groupon was a great deal because the entrees are pretty pricey (but well worth the money).  Our server was excellent, he was very attentive! Everything we ordered was delicious and beautifully presented, but our favorite thing, by far, was the chocolate butternut squash lobster ravioli we ordered for our appetizer!  We've gone to a decent amount of restaurants that offer unique food options, and we have yet to find something like that anywhere else!笑
So. Very sorry they stopped the Sunday brunch! It wad the best place to go on Sunday after church or just for a good meal. 
I will so miss the French toast casserole!笑
Had sunday brunch at savoy. Would recommend reservations but there is always room at the bar. The bartender was friendly and well knowledgeable. They had full brunch buffet would made to order omelets and waffles but I decided to order off the menu and ordered some chicken and waffles and it was tantalizing the fried chicken was the juiciest chicken I had ever tasted and the waffles were light and fluffy. Kudos to the chef. A little pricey but well work it!笑
I was very surprised by this place. We sat down and the first song played was 'Pony' by Ginuwine...which is weird in any setting. I'm not sure what Savoy Girls are but the multiple tee shirts with those words on them made me feel like it was a strip club. The lighting and general atmosphere didn't do much to dissuade that feeling. The food was overly buttered and I left with a greasy feeling in my mouth. The wine menu was good, the wait staff was diverse and friendly and the salmon appetizer was the best thing there. Overall we won't be going back, the place smacked of attempts at class and prices to make you think you were getting the best, but the food and ambiance didn't fit.笑
Very impressed! I had the opportunity to make reservations for about 30 people for my sister's 30th birthday party.  Let me say from hosts to waiters/waitresses, everything was excellent and in order.  The atmosphere was wonderful, the staff was very sweet and helpful and made out celebration intimate.  Special shout out to Gary, whom coordinated everything with me.  He was down to earth, welcoming, and very on point!  The food was great! Although I understand when it comes to exquisite dining, that plates at each table comes all out at once, however, the host table of 10 people waited a while.  When the food came out, some entrées were cold.  The only thing I would suggest to the restaurant is bring food out hot.  We like hot :-) The turkey lasagna was delicious, but lukewarm.

Other than that, WONDERFUL TIME! I would go back.笑
Dined in with my family and the appetizers were great. Service was a little slow and we were not impressed with the entrees. I had the pork which was very dry, my daughter had stuffed salmon which was flavorless and my husband  had ribs which he enjoyed. I understand  that every item on the menu may not be to my liking so I think this place was ok. I like the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff. Not sure if I would ever go back but for anyone thinking about dining here, go for it!笑
My girlfriend and I went here for the first time on Saturday night and it couldn't have been better. The service was quick and very nice, probably the best service we've ever had in Pittsburgh.笑
I was with a group who was invited to sample the food.  I had a few appetizers, entrees, and deserts.  All dishes were extremely well made.

The chef was at our table quite a bit and he talked to us about how he wanted the food to be like.  He wants to combine all kinds of flavors into a dish instead of just filling it up with garlic.  Some dishes were made to be nostalgic but with a twist.

I can tell he does this when I was eating.  One dish was a salad with goat cheese and watermelon.  There were so many flavors to choose from to eat.  It all worked well together.

My favorite dish was the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was perfect.  The outer had a nice crunch.  The inner was soft and juicy.  The waffles were amazing.  I don't normally like waffles but this one had a nice sweet taste to it.  I loved it.

I also got a chance to speak with the owner.  He talked about how Pittsburgh is changing and segregated.  He ask what happens to the days when everyone of all nationality just get together and have fun.  So he wanted Savoy to be comfortable for everyone.

I agree Savoy is comfortable.  Everyone there is super nice.  There is a dress code.  You don't have to be super dressed up.  Just look nice.  Sometimes it's nice to NOT see people with sagging pants and butt cracks.

The lounge upstairs can be used for parties.  The patio is nice to hang out on a nice day.  There is a basement that can be reserved for small parties.

Fun fact, the designer of the place is from Penn Hill.

Overall, I love this place.  The food is good, the atmosphere is welcoming, and the people and service are super nice.  The chef is a real good guy.  This isn't your Eatn Park.  Don't come here if you want to spend $10 to feed a family mediocre food.笑
Great atmosphere, very beautiful people , and good service.  No stress just beautiful people enjoying themselves.笑
Mediocre meal at best.  After being told they were out of 2 other entrees we wanted, we ordered the swordfish and the delmonico.  Both meals were terrible.  The delmonico was overcooked and the piece of swordfish was terrible.  The one good thing about our meal was the gumbo.   I later found out from a friend that the head chef was at another event the evening we were dining there.  He probably shouldn't leave his kitchen because it was pathetic.

Service was fine from our server, however, the manager did not even acknowledge our table.  He went to every single other table and asked them how their evening/meal was.  Extremely discriminatory.   

There are way too many great restaurants with great service in Pittsburgh to waste any time here again.笑
Came here on a date. I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere. The bartender was super nice and entertaining. The drinks were VERY good (I had about 4 of the Peach on Peach drinks from the happy hour menu). The calamari appetizer was pretty good...I'm not the biggest fan of calamari, my date ordered it so if you like calamari definitely GO FOR IT!! My entree was the Bone in ribeye... It was DELICIOUS! It needed a little more salt but it was cooked perfectly! The asparagus was cooked PERFECTLY as well! The risotto was ok but needed some salt... I liked the cheesiness of it tho. Overall great place, good food, WONDERFUL staff!!!笑
Savoy is great! Bobby and I were here on a Friday evening in August and had a really good meal.  We had reservations for around 7pm and while the bar was bustling, the dining room wasn't yet full.  Our server was attentive and informative, but I don't remember anything specifically that stood out about him to me.  Service was good.

We ordered some drinks that came out in a timely manner and started with the Cajun fries appetizer to start.  They were good, but nothing spectacular.  Both of us ordered the stuffed salmon (excellent!!!) and we got risotto, asparagus and brussels sprouts as our sides.  Bobby also got a baked potato - which he enjoyed.  The risotto was excellent.  Asparagus and brussels were just average - not much flavor or texture.  Portions were generous, however I think the food here is slightly over priced.  $25 for an entrée without any type of sides, to me, is steep.  You pay for the atmosphere, though, which is clean, modern and classy.

I wouldn't put up a fight kicking and screaming to not revisit, but it wouldn't be my first choice to come back. Overall a nice experience when we were there.笑
I just had an exquisite dining experience at Savoy. I bought a Groupon that included dinner for two: two entrees and a dessert. 
Confession: sometimes I hold less than average expectations for "Groupon dinners", so I wasn't really expecting too much. But wow- I was impressed. 

I was able to make a reservation online for a Monday night, which also happens to be live Jazz night. The jazz was a nice touch. It was a little loud, as to be expected with live music. If you're looking for an intimate date experience, avoid Mondays.

Our waiter was so charming and attentive. He refilled our waters about a million times, answered all of our questions, and offered suggestions. 

I ordered chicken and waffles (because you know-- I can't pass up chicken and waffles if it's on a restaurant menu. It's a compulsion) I opted for the red velvet waffles and I'm so glad I did. They came with a side of mascarpone and I realized that I've been eating waffles wrong my whole life. Waffles and mascarpone belong together forever and ever amen. The chicken was fantastic. My meal included one boneless breast and either a leg or a thigh. The chicken was battered, fried, and cooked to absolute perfection. The chicken breast was incredibly thick and I couldn't even make it to my thigh. 

My husband ordered the Delmonico steak and it was also cooked perfectly. I kept stealing bites of off his plate. The whipped potatoes that accompanied the steak were to die for! Seriously, I could drown in them and not be all that upset about it. 

For dessert, we sampled 3 of the 7 homemade ice creams. They were lovely and a perfect ending to a perfect dinner.笑
Sunday brunch is amazing! Delicious and vegetarian friendly and great service. Def do the chef's buffet with omelette bar. A bonus: the Chef and the owner greeted everyone, and the owner brought his family for brunch too.笑
Ate here last night for a work function. Food was excellent, service was great. My wife and I enjoyed the experience. Restaurant is very nice inside. And we hope to be back again, just the 2 of us.笑
Good food and dining experience.  Loved chicken satay.  Lamb chop was very tender.    Steaks were well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The entrees were in generous portion.  Highly recommend it.笑
First I need to talk about Savoy's website, get this off my chest...
I strongly feel that any company's website is a reflection of and extension of the company and that, accordingly, considerable effort should be put into the website.  Savoy's website does not cut it.  This restaurant boasts about 10 dinner entrees that are $30 or more, several that are nearly $40, and the website quality does not reflect that price point.  The website is cheap-looking, a disaster complete with uninspired fonts, weird capitalization and formatting, and an animated fire logo that conjures memories of 1990s computer graphics.  And don't get me started on the establishment's cheesy, pretentious, and unoriginal slogan, "The Good Life."

That was a little harsh.  Luckily the rest of this review is not.  Our Groupon-powered recent dinners at Savoy--2 entrees and a dessert for just $49--did not disappoint.  Overall the food was very good, some of the best and most inspired I've had in a while.  Wonderful flavors and quality ingredients.

If you don't prefer a loud dining environment, take note:  a few days a week Savoy features live music, and such was the case during our Monday (live jazz) and Thursday (other live music) dinners.  Husband and I enjoyed the music but understand it's not for everyone because it's really very loud.  Loved jazz night; what an experience!

Savoy has its own parking lot, which is nice, but parallel parking along Penn Avenue in the evening after the vast majority of the Strip District shops have closed is usually no problem.

A few points of criticism, in addition to my website rant above.  I found the linen napkin arrangements and the whole fresh-flowers-on-plate thing to be dated--not in line with the look I think Savoy is going for.  Also, for some reason I just couldn't get over how poorly the artwork on the back wall had been hung and displayed.  And speaking of the linen napkins, the strangest thing happened during dinner #1:  I left my dirty napkin on my chair before I visited the restroom, and when I returned I found that the napkin had been refolded and placed back on the table by a staff member, sauce and lipstick marks in plain view.  Something else that struck me as odd?  My sparkling wine--incidentally, there is only 1 split option ($15) and 1 by the glass option ($13)--was served in a cognac glass.

I doubt I'd return to Savoy for dinner at full price--the décor needs a bit of an upgrade for me to truly appreciate a dining experience for 2 that can pretty easily exceed $200--but will certainly be on the lookout for future promotions like Groupon, LivingSocial, etc.  And the Wednesday/Thursday/Friday 6-8PM Happy Hour featuring 1/2 priced apps and martinis and $3 beers sounds like a good time.笑
We went with very dear friends last night, and found Savoy to be fabulous! We dine out quite often, but it was our first time here. The atmosphere is very chic, intimate and unique. I ordered the butternut squash chocolate raviolis with lobster claw cream sauce, and my husband had the veal meatloaf. They were outstanding! Desserts were perfection as well. The chef came out to make sure we were satisfied with everything, and treated us like old friends. Everyone seemed to take pride in their jobs. I would recommend Savoy to anyone for an incredible dining experience!  A real asset to the 'Burgh dining experience.    Joel and Sue Frye笑
When you walk in you are hit by the amazing decor. I particularly loved the open doors in the front!!! 

The food was to die for and service was impeccable! The best I have had in Pittsburgh! When I come back I will absolutely return here. It makes you feel like you are in a high end NY or LA restaurant but with affordable prices笑
My dad and I went to Savoy last night. We had a groupon which provided 2 entrees and 1 dessert. I always check the reviews of a restaurant or business before buying a groupon. The service was wonderful. Our waiter was polite and friendly.
I got the stuffed salmon with whipped potatoes. The salmon was cooked perfectly. I thought it was phenomal. My dad had sirloin. He enjoyed it but he would enjoyed more if he remembered how he liked his steak. He also had gumbo. I did not try the gumbo but I had some of the corn bread that came with it. The corn bread was soft and buttery. We got chocolate lava cake for dessert. The cake was moist and almost fudgy. It was served with fresh cut strawberries(none of which were rotting lile you might get at eat n' park), chocolate sauce drizzled over the plate, and some strawberry ice cream. 
On Mondays you can enjoy live jazz musicians while you eat. They need to update the speaker system so the vocals can be understood. However the rhythm section sounded beautiful. My only suggestion is if you are hard of hearing and want to enjoy a nice conversation, Monday night may not be the best time to go. However, my dad and I loved getting to enjoy some jazz music while eating this fantastic dinner.笑
Today was our second trip to Savoy and it was just as wonderful and delicious as the first time.

We decided to celebrate Mother's Day here and our entire group loved the brunch they put on. Everyone was extremely friendly and attentive. The buffet was high quality and everything on it was delicious. They have a chef making omelette sand you have quite a selection to choose from. My cousin loved her omelette. The buffet had the most amazing French toast we ever tasted. One word YUM! My husband was obsessed with the eggs and thought they melted in his mouth. My mom and I loved the potatoes. They were well seasoned and we had to get seconds. There was also bacon (can't go wrong with bacon), grits, turkey, salmon bites and ribs. For dessert you had your choice of mini cupcakes which were very good, out of this world chocolate chip cookies, lady fingers that my mom said were to die for and other cookies. They even gave you complimentary mimosas, which my husband and cousin loved.

The people, ambiance and food are out of this world at Savoy. Everyone is super attentive and make you feel like you're at home. I highly recommend it to anyone, especially if you love brunch.笑
I was vising my friend from out of town this past weekend and we dined at this establishment. Three of us came in after the rest of the party who already got their drinks. We ordered our drinks and about 15 minutes later we were wondering where they were. We looked at the bar and there they were. We stared at them for another 25 minutes and during this time, our server was still nowhere in sight. When he finally came over, someone in our party mentioned that the drinks have been sitting there for quite some time and his repose was, "Sorry I forgot". I ordered the filet mignon medium and someone else in our party ordered it rare. I was handled my steak and told it was medium. By the time I cut into the steak and discovered that it was rare, the other person had already eaten half of theirs. If you're paying $36 for a steak, you should have to check to make sure it's cooked right. Our server never came back to ask how our food was and I'm not one to complain. While cleaning up our table, the server also dropped a knife down my back. His response was, "Oops, sorry". Most people I know would be absolutely appalled by the server's lack of concern and overall behavior. I can easily say that this was the worst service I've ever had in my life. Typically, if the service is average, I tip 20% and if the service is great, I tip 25%. There was an automatic 20% gratuity that was applied to my check. However, that wasn't the amount that I signed off on. I wrote on the check why I was leaving less than 20% and expressed my concerns. Most people I know would have requested their drink, which was sitting for over 30 minutes, to be comped, request that their steak be remade and would have asked to speak to a manager if a knife was dropped on them. I didn't make a fuss and the merchant still wound up charging my card for the 20% tip. You would expect a lot more from this type of establishment. This was the absolute worst dining experience that I've ever had.笑
Went here the other night (on a Thursday) because we purchased a Groupon. We had no idea what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was fun, the owner Chuck was on the floor, along with the head chef (which he introduced himself).

The food/drinks were good portions (we had an appetizer along with our entrees, both good), service was great from the hostess, runners all the way to our waiter. The decor is modern and is an overall warm.comforting place. This is not on my top 10, as we were mainly going to this because of the Groupon BUT would definitely recommend it and would eventually see myself coming here again.笑
So... I tried out Savoy for happy hour and apps this past Friday night and I found it very pleasant. They have tried hard with the decor and an outside roof patio lounge area. Happy hour specials are decent. It is comfortable with plenty of seating.

At first I was scared off that the prices would be sky high, because of the atmosphere, they were not. Appetizers started at 6$ drinks at 6$ for happy hour. Fancy martinis can climb to 10$ and up after that though. 

I tried the trio platter with crab cake arugula salad and fried veggie pasty thing, it was nice. My friend tried the Tilapia fish tacos. The rest of the menu is mostly meat dishes, seafood platters, steaks, and lamb chops. Price climbs but it is not outrageous. It is not a place for vegetarians and vegans, one jerk on yelp gave them a one star review for this. Um if you don't eat a certain kind of food you should probably google their menu before you eat there its common sense. 

My friend tried the Tilapia fish tacos and liked hers. Drinks and service were fine we had no problems with rude or unfriendly staff, I wish there was music. There was some but it was very quiet. There is only one stall in the bathroom, I don't mind waiting because it is a nice bathroom modern and clean but its worth noting just in case. 

Also I wish the menu had more variety it was nice but Its like walking into any other big new thing in Pittsburgh and seeing the exact same food over and over again, Can I get a fish taco with maybe a chipotle salmon in it instead of freakin tilapia everywhere I go? But I digress this is a nice place and definitely suffices for a nice night on town. There is also plenty of comfy seating if it is not packed.

I have to say if you're from another city with a more diverse viewpoint on life (or you have a life at all) do not read the one star blatant racist reviews of this place on yelp. It's getting old already Pittsburgh give it up its 2013, grow up already. Get off your stupid little hill and accept that there are several types of people in the world doing their own thing and that thing might be new to you but that's not a good reason to put it down and spew your stupidity all over yelp. Sometimes I wish I could thumbs down other peoples reviews. Ok rant over笑
Kinda pricy
Filet whiskey butter kinda ruined it
Stuffed salmon was ok...nothing fantastic笑
Attended private party here. Really nice atmosphere but extremely loud. Drinks were very strong, food was a bit rich considering how strong the alcohol was, but the food was very good and the chef they wouldn't stop mentioning was worth his salt. Very nice interior, attracts a lot of local celebrities. Really fun night spot over all. Dancing upstairs, again, very loud, very strong drinks not ideal for walking up flights of steps but it was a party. I can't speak to the way the lounge is on a weekday.  Classy dress code, great bottle service if you want to spend the money and/or have a seat as opposed to standing against the wall and holding your drink while watching everyone else enjoy their evening.笑
Pimped out and fun!  Kudos to the staff who are very attentive and  make you feel very special.  We were greeted promptly and our coats were checked.  Our waiter was superb and helpful, plus we loved his Russian accent, which was charming.  The salad was very good, although I was fairly certain that the Gorgonzola cheese in the salad was not the genuine Gorgonzola from Italy.  There was an unexpected  raspberry sorbet to cleanse the pallet, which was great.  We got the Lobster with Scallops and the Filet Mignon, and both were prepared to perfection.  My mashed potatoes were not very flavorful, but otherwise, everything else was delicious.  For desert we split the Chocolate Cake, which was very creatively prepared and presented.  The music playing was a little too loud for conversation, but it was Earth Wind and Fire, Michael Jackson, and Al Green, all really fun songs.笑
Been here a few times for events and drinks. They have a weird dress code. My ex husband and I attended a private event in the deck hosted by the magazine I worked for. It was business casual and he has impeccable style and taste: very British. In fact his ensemble for the evening was purchased in the U.K. including the hat he wore. It was a very expensive flat cap. Because of the dress code he was forced to remove it or not attend our private event. Haven't been back since.
At that point service and food had started going down hill so it was more of a disappointment than a loss.笑
In sum, the food was okay. Sadly, the food is mediocre in comparison to the pricing. 

We made reservations, arrived about 15 minutes early. We were told to sit at the bar and wait until the hostess seated us. Well, that is somewhat unreasonable I thought. We are early- however, other fine dinning establishments have seated us when we arrived early or late for the matter. Let me be clear, perhaps I would not have even mentioned our brief stent in musical chairs had not the hostess forgotten about us. When the time was 10 minutes AFTER our reservation, with multiple tables open (even when we arrived 15 minutes early), one is not that eager at this point to try the food. 

For the record, I enjoy mojitos. I was excited to try the blueberry mojito on their drink menu. However, the blueberries (being fresh and out of season) were bitter and one can taste it in the drink. Perhaps the mistake was mine choosing to risk it. Or also theirs for even offering it in the winter.

I will confess, the calamari was absolutely to die for! Lightly breaded, perfectly seasoned, and cooked to perfection. I'm a die hard calamari fan. No greater compliment can I offer. 

My husband's appetizer was the mushroom tart. Eh, I was not so impressed. The pastry was not flaky nor light. The mushrooms were drowning in gravy. In the dishes defense, my husband enjoyed it. However, he also enjoys Giant Eagle sausage. Whose palate do you trust more? The choice is yours.

My entree left me wanting more. Not more of my entree but a properly prepared version of it. I ordered the lamb chops with spinach risotto. I nearly sobbed when I tasted my risotto. It was overcooked and under-seasoned. I took a few bites and hung the proverbial white flag. The lamb chops looked sobbingly. One could see gobs of mustard, and breading thrown about together. The taste was worse than the appearance. To the chef's credit, they were perfectly cooked. I struggle to find anything else positive to say about the entire dish.

My husband was equally unimpressed with his entree. He ordered the beef two-ways. I tasted his brisket and thought it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. However, the pot roast serving size was miniscule. I thought the dish was missing that extra something that would qualify the expensive price tag.

In Savoy's defense, I may not have critiqued this restaurant so harshly if the employees had not spoken so highly of the food before we eat it. Everyone from the bartender, waiter, and bus-man raved about how amazing their food is and that we would keep coming back. Although I applaud their loyalty the food was not the land of milk and honey they promised. If your staff sings psalms of how godly your food is- you better deliver. I have no problem paying for a fine dinning experience. However, this was not that type of experience. In this case, the food was far from what I anticipated and was promised. It left me wanting something more.笑
I went to this restaurant not too long with a dining partner. We got there at 8 PM on a Thursday night and the restaurant was fairly empty but as the night went on it started to fill up. The decor is very aesthetically pleasing and the whole restaurant much brighter than you would think from the outside. The feel inside was much like that of a trendy Vegas restaurant with dance music playing loud enough to drown out background noises but not so loud as to not be able to hear your waiter/waitress or others at your table.
We started off with the calamari and shrimp appetizer. The appetizer was quite large and came with a side of a flavored horseradish sauce. The breading on the shrimp and calamari was good and the shrimp reasonably sized. My only complaint with it being that the larger calamari were actually cooked too long and were a bit burnt making them very rubbery. Otherwise it was a solid appetizer. Dinner for me was the butter poached lobster and scallops with papperdale pasta. The dish appeared deceivingly small whenever it came but actually contained quite a bit of food. The pasta was fresh and the cream sauce rich. There was also a lot of lobster in the dish with at least both claws, the tail and some other sizable pieces. Overall it had a good flavor. My dining partner ordered the crab cakes and the two crab cakes that came out were large and displayed beautifully. I took a taste of one and it had great flavor with enough citrus to make it delightful. With all of the food that we ate for dinner, we ended up being too stuffed for dessert which was a shame since they had a few items that sounded good.
The bottom line for me is that the food was good although pricey, but you get what you paid for. Overall it was a pleasant experience and I am happy that I tried Savoy but I do not think that I would go back as there are better restaurants in Pittsburgh with a better price point.笑
I am not sure where to begin. After reading many reviews prior to our visit, I must say there was some trepidation as to what our evening was going to be like. Many said service was slow, or poor & that it was a pretentious, stuffy & overpriced restaurant. I am truly dumbfounded as to how anyone could feel this way. 
I can truly & honestly say this was one of the "BEST" dining & most memorable restaurant experiences we have ever had. 
I know I have not traveled as often & as diversely as some foodies or other reviewers. I have however searched high & low for culinary uniqueness in places such as, France, Austria, Ireland, Mexico, San Francisco, New York, Boston, & New Orleans just to name a few.  
What Savoy offers in culinary & cultural diversity is unfounded in many of the above mentioned places I have been including Pittsburgh. However what made our evening so special & why you should go to Savoy is the people. 
It has been said "You can easily judge the character of a man(or woman) by how he treats those who can do nothing for him". Savoy & its staff that served us are the epitome of that. Specifically our waitress (Carly), manager (Tom) & the executive chef Mr. Kevin Watson are truly awesome people that enjoy serving others. 
Very few times if ever have I left a restaurant feeling as we did, connected to or a genuine bond of friendship formed with someone whom we never met previously. 
Why you might ask, it really all started with Carly our awesome waitress. After ordering our first bottle of wine Carly admitted that she was fairly new to the restaurant. As she was attempting to uncork our first bottle of wine it was giving her a difficult time. Now instead of creating an uncomfortable moment as many customers may have felt Carly's charming personality allowed us to begin our unforgettable evening of laughter & fun. So much so, that Tom the manager & Kevin the chef stopped to see why our table was having such a good time. 
Now in most restaurants of this stature having the manager & chef stop briefly to inquire of how the meal or service was is fairly standard. But that is where Savoy is different. Not only did they stop once, but the chef Kevin sat with our table for at least 10-15 minutes and engaged not in small talk but as if a friend that you have known for many years. Then he proceeded to the kitchen & returned with a tray of delightful salted caramels for us to enjoy. (Not on the menu might I add) After this he then gave us a tour of the private room downstairs, the lounge area upstairs & the balcony outside. Along the way stopping & introducing us to others including Mr. Bettis (Jerome's brother) as if he had known us for years or as if we were VIP's. 

So in summary, although we primarily visited Savoy because we purchased a GroupOn, the food was incredible (Tilapia Tacos, Lamb Chops :), Stuffed Salmon etc..), and wine Wednesday was great ($20 bottles), but would "STRONGLY" recommend this restaurant & return ourselves because of the people. Try it, you won't be disappointed.笑
I came here with a group of 8 people to celebrate a graduation. The service was pretty good, if a bit slow. We had some scheduling issued and the hostess was lovely in being flexible with our reservation time. Our server also came bearing a complimentary dessert for the new grad which I thought was very thoughtful! The only downside for the service was that it took us almost an hour to get our food. The food (when it came) was also pretty good. I got the wagyu beef with ravioli, and it was cooked and seasoned well. I also tried the butternut squash ravioli with lobster, which was tasty as well. We had a side of beans and asparagus to share. The asparus was delicious, but I would pass on the green beans given the option. 

All in all, it was a good experience! If you're not particularly hungry and looking for a low key place to chat and eat, this is definitely a good option!笑
The hottest new restaurant/lounge on the entire East Coast! Very classy and upscale but not stuffy. The chef is OUTSTANDING and the atmosphere is electric! The newly renovate V Lounge is the hottest spot in the city! This alluring, sexy, classy environment provides an overall magnificent experience, especially after enjoying fine dining in the restaurant. 
If you are visiting Pittsburgh, you MUST stop in! Reservations are HIGHLY recommended!笑
Incredible food and spectacular service.

As someone who frequents some of the best restaurants Pittsburgh has to offer including: Sonoma Grille, The Grand Concourse, The Hyeholde, Il Pizzaiolo, Eleven, Ruth Chris Steakhouse, and Gaucho Parilla Argentina to name a few, I can say that my experience at Savoy was by far one of the best.

From the moment we arrived for my birthday celebration, it was clear there were good things in store. The restaurant's chic vibe transported me from Pittsburgh to the food scenes of New York and Chicago's finest lounges.

For an appetizer, my boyfriend and I shared the award winning "Savoy Satays"- chicken skewers with peanut sauce. The sauce was incredibly flavorful and the chicken was cooked to perfection. 

For the main course, I enjoyed the stuffed salmon. The salmon melted in my mouth and the stuffing (crabmeat and shrimp) complimented the fish beautifully. The sides of sautéed spinach and Yukon whipped potatoes added that comfort food touch that is signature to Savoy. What I tried of my boyfriend's NY strip steak was everything a steak should be, flavorful and simple. 

We finished off the evening with the "Inside Out Tart," a brown butter pear and blueberry filling with a thyme caramel and brown butter dust topped off with a vanilla thyme milkshake. Our server was kind enough to bring two small milkshakes since we opted to share dessert, which was divine. 

The service here is wonderful and extremely personal. My water glass was never empty and I never felt rushed to put in my order. Our server made insightful recommendations and was very honest about his opinions. The staff was also very accommodating when we asked if they could contact a cab company to pick us up.

The experience that took this night out to the next level was when the head chef came out after the meal to ensure we had enjoyed the experience and our dinner; he even offered us a tour of the kitchen and other areas of the restaurant including the private VIP lounge! 

Overall, a wonderful, high-class experience, I will certainly be returning in the future.笑
I was in Pittsburgh last week Had a great time at the Savoy. The DJ was good and the bartenders were fast and friendly. Hope to get back and try the food.笑
You are greeted at the door by a gentleman who takes you to the hostesses. - Giving you that feeling, "I've arrived." Feeling like I just arrived, we had a small wait for our table; even with a reservation. However, Savoy has a lovely sitting area to talk with friends before dining.

The staff are amazing. Excellent customer service. You go to the bathroom, they fold your napkin. Your water is empty, they pour it. - if you go to pour it yourself, they will apologize.

What we didn't like is we experienced a three hour meal. There's a loll between courses, and unacceptable for fine dining.

The food was good. Some better than others. There were six of us, and all ordered a different dish so that we may experience a large part of the menu. We found some of the food to be either lukewarm, and very salty. The Filet Mignon was the best choice. It was perfect, and melted in your mouth. Finally, for dessert, our waiter must of had a smoke break out back, because when he served us our sweets, the scent of smoke passed my nose. - not good. Perhaps this was why we had a three hour dinner service. Hmmm

You can check out more details and photos at www.GirlLikesToEat.com/savoy/笑
The food is EXCELLENT. The service is sold not great, but the cuisine is once again outstanding. There isn't an overwhelming amount of choices in regards to the entrées, but I'm sure you will be extremely satisfied with whatever you choose. Don't forget to order an appetizer. I recommend the calamari.笑
The first time I walked in Savoy (November 2011) I fell in love with the decor and we happened to be waiting for our table and the guy who designed Savoy was in the lounge area as well and we had a very nice conversation with him. Very pleasant man!  

The flames with the name Savoy over the bar is a very nice touch!

My fiance and I had the stuffed salmon for our appetizer it was by far the best I have ever tasted, well done, juicy, and a lot of stuffing. For dinner my fiance had the Butter Poached Lobster & Scallop Pasta, he said it was good, but they could had gave more than eight pieces of seafood for a $36 plate and I had the N.Y. Strip Steak it was great well done and the Yukon Potatoes was so delicious. We completed our meal with Lava Cake, yummy! BTW Brett Keisel (Pittsburgh Steeler) was dining that night as well!

The second time around dining there was this past February 2013 the night my fiance proposed to me..everybody in the place who seen my ring including Chef Kevin loved it! Our reservations was for 7:00 we got there around 7:15 it was a packed house it was Valentine's Day weekend. They gave us free cocktails while we waited for our table and the manager came over to apologize for the long wait.

My fiance had the Steak Salad & Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes it was so good. I had Crab, Chicken and Andouille Sausage Gumbo (the best Gumbo I ever had) and the Pork Three Ways OMG! The meat was so tender, juicy, and delicious. The rib was my favorite. 

The crowd people in their late 20's and other business professionals and the wanna-bees ballers of Pittsburgh...lol...Very nice atmosphere, very classy! A lot of the professional athletics from the Steelers to the Pirates frequent Savoy and some of Hollywood celebs that might be in town. 

My fiance and his friends did go down in April for drinks and it was nice and they played good music my fiance said. He said it was more of a younger crowd on the second level for drinks, but it was still nice!

Give the staff a round of applause, very attentive, polite, and professional.  

I would recommend Savoy to anyone looking for a nice classy upscale place to go for a night out on the town!笑
Well I attempted to try out this new place. It was a Thursday night.  We were going to watch cirque du soleil, which was indescribably amazing, and got turned away at the door of savoy along with the couple next in line for not having a jacket on by the extremely rude shorthaired woman at the door. I was informed that the place was empty by the person who I was meeting inside. I wonder why???  I won't even think of that place ever again and I'm taking the owners card out of my wallet. It's too phat and too fat. The term is "reality check". The best of luck to all at savoy!笑
Never in my life have I been treated so rudely. I visited the upstairs club section of Savoy on a Saturday night with a large group of friends. Upon going downstairs to use the restroom, I was prohibited from going back upstairs with no reason or justification. Upon calmly questioning several members of the management team, I was treated EXTREMELY rudely and virtually dismissed by the owner, who cited he did not need my business. Savoy has a nice atmosphere, but the customer service is seriously lacking. I'd prefer to spend my money at a place where my business is appreciated.