This is the nicest Tom's BBQ out of all the locations I've been to. It's quite spacious, with indoor and outdoor seating.

Ordering was easy at the counter, and the cashier was very friendly and engaging. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich combo with chili. It was made in lightning fast time- very nice! Sodas are self serve at the fountain, with iced tea as well. 

The sandwich was a hearty portion of tender pork, coleslaw, and bbq sauce. With the hot and spicy chili, I was definitely full for lunch.

Definitely a good place for bbq if you are in the area!笑
It's pretty decent bbq. Pretty decent service. Not amazing, but decent. One woman is very rude who works there, and actually snapped at our family so I would not say it is amazing service.笑
Hadn't been to Tom's in years and I was in the area getting my car fixed and it was fantastic. They no longer have the curly fries on the menu I had remembered and I asked and they made them for me anyways! Portions were huge, bbq sandwich was great, I was very happy and wondered why I hadn't been in such a long time. I will be back soon. Sign up for their emails, they send out coupons.笑
This place is way overpriced for what it is, but the food is always decent when we go. The Server was sweet and the restaurant was clean. The pulled pork was soggy, but it wasn't bad tasting, just not the most fresh pulled pork I've ever had. If you're going to eat here, do it at lunch when they're a little bit cheaper.笑
Second visit in two month. Tonight was Fried fish Friday's was nice and easy. Friendly service with a smile at a neighborhood bbq joint. This is the first bbq place we've tried within the area and it doesn't disappoint. Looking for other places to try.笑
Had dinner here last night. Awesome chicken smoked BBQ sandwich and cornbread is delicious. Service was excellent, people were very nice even though I didn't know what I want and took some time to order. Place is clean, free refills on drinks. Will be back笑
food was not worth returning for.  Their chicken dinner meal looked like sliced cafeteria chicken.  the only thing good about Tom bbq sandwich was the toasted bread.  The bbq pork looked like it came out of a blender.   Plates and silverware were Styrofoam and plastic.  The mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good.笑
This place is okay. I give it three stars only because the catfish and pulled pork are amazing dishes. Also, the tar tar sauce is bomb.

The set back I have when ordering is that the fries are just not up to par, they are greasy and flimsy. Plus, the mashed potatoes can be crusty in places.. The sides need some serious tweeking to be honest. I'm gonna be blunt here.

To continue, the BBQ is not wow. It takes a lot to make me amazed with BBQ here since I lived in the Midwest. It's good but eh.

Other than that, the actual entrees are pretty good. My parents order here a lot because of the above-average service.

All in all, it ain't bad. Just watch out for excess grease.笑
Saw the truck thought I'd give it a try!  Three pulled pork sandwiches, beans, & mac salad for $25+ ...  Pork was fair, bread had the texture of 'yesterdays' - mac salad (better at Basha's Deli - The beans were very tasty, swimming in a very smoky tasting yet very thin sauce..  The BBQ meals at the restaurants much better !!..  The young man was very friendly and courteous..  Sorry, but if I see the truck again, I'll pass by ..笑
GROSS!!! Worst bbq I ever ate, the sides I got was green beans and Mac and cheese, the green beans would be better cold out of a can, and the Mac and cheese is paste with can cheese dumped on it.  People were friendly but the food I threw the sides away and ate part of the meat,笑
Every time I go it gets better!  The waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining.  The leftovers (which need to be properly labeled so no one steals your food) are just as good the next day.  Make sure you take some extra BBQ sauce with you!笑
Great food. Fast service what more could you want?! Awesome BBQ for the area. I just wish the restaurant was a little bit bigger. And they don't have sweet tea for a BBQ joint which is very odd in my eyes.笑
If your looking for traditional BBQ, this is not the place. Food came dry and the pulled pork tasted like it just came from a crock pot. When you ask for sauce, there is one kind and that is it. I am not complaining, just not my typical BBQ experience or what I prefer. If this is your type of BBQ, I am sure you will love it.笑
I had Tom's BBQ cater a small company employee appreciate lunch. Food was great (I got a compliment from every employee how much they LOVED the food), service was awesome!!笑
Great atmosphere...great food... Even offered us a free piece of fried fish! Fish fry on Fridays! Everything was great! Small area is outdoors with corn hole games and music... Just a great place!笑
Loved the atmosphere and the hands on attention by the staff and proprietor! Tasted much of what was offered with a family of six and everything is good! Couldn't find a bad item! Bonus points for the bar!笑
Just plain old nasty food!  Gave it 3 chances since Oct 2012 and April 12, 2013 and they failed miserably each time! I'm just done at this point!笑
In a big BBQ fan, and this place is pretty good.  I've gone with my family many times.  

I recently tried the Tom's BBQ challenge, and that's been my only negative experience.  It's 3 house sandwiches, a plate of fries, and s plate of onion rings.  Ultimately, I failed.  However, the reason the experience was negative was because the house sandwich wasn't very good.  Staff was great, though.笑
I love stopping here for lunch on my home from red mnt mcc campus. Their pulled pork sandwiches are delicious, as are the sides. Fun atmosphere and always quick.笑
Not the BEST BBQ I've ever had but pretty good!! Its conveniently located right across the street from my work so its a good, quick lunch. Got the pulled pork sandwich and it was yummy, the bread its sort of different, its like buttery? I wish I was hungry enough to try some of the sides!! Will update this review when I go back & try some.笑
Just went for the first time and I was really impressed for the most part. The wait staff was very pleasant and very helpful. Fiance and I shared the 3 meat combo. We chose rib tips, brisket, and chicken. It also came with 2 sides and I believe the cost for that was around $12.99. We chose 2 orders of fries for our sides and were disappointed with those. They were dark brown like they were sitting in the oil too long and they were also tastless. Next time we will get mashed potatoes instead. The chicken and brisket were delicious but I personally didn't like the rib tips because they tasted like rubber. All in all we will be back again sometime to give it another shot.笑
Several empty tables when we walked in. We found one and waited for several minutes while the bartender and a couple of servers were engaged in conversation and laughter. When none of them waited on us nor even acknowledged us we got up to leave. At last they spoke, when one of them said, "Bye, have a good night!"笑
I love this place, they should open a location on the West side of Phoenix then I could enjoy their food on a more consistent basis! I Love It!笑
Wow! If you are looking for a change from the corporate, cookie cutter world and want a place they will remember not just your order but your name, look no further. Go to Tom's! We first came here on a whim and haven't been able to stop going back. The staff was so nice on our first visit and even let us sample some of the fish, that, is delicious! All the ladies that work here are sweet, unique and know customer service. We just love the bartenders pink boots, how the other girls wear flowers in their hair and have pizzazz. What a comfortable atmosphere, perfect for kids or having a cold one after work. Check out this place for great food, friendly people and a fun atmosphere.笑
Went out to this East Valley location since I got a great deal from Entertainment that offered free BBQ Sandwich with a purchase of sides and drink.  The place looked like a bar with country western feeling to it.  Menus are written on boards where it is clearly visible just like an 60's American diner.  Ordered the Sandwiches (brisket and beef) that comes in very small portions with extra spicy (not kidding here) and mild sauce.  Their baked beans is absolutely delicious and will remind everyone around me looking for cover with lots of flatulence hours later.  Fun place to be.笑
Tom's didn't really do it for me. Ordered the brisket and found it to be was just too tough. Wasn't worth finishing. Didn't seem to really be much care in prepping the food. Left disappointed and still hungry. The french fries were good was the brightest spot. The tap water tasted liked it was dredged out of the canal. Lots of flies on the patio. Not sure they can do anything about that, but it doesn't help the overall vibe. Macaroni and cheese weren't very good. Just not much here to like, I thought the same as others they seem to be going for variety in their menu over quality (Chicago style food, fish and chips and BBQ, Oh My!) .Just my 2 cents. 
Way way better BBQ elsewhere.笑
I am amazed how many times we've passed this little gem on McKillips and never stopped until this week.
Food was wonderful....brisquet was moist, juicy and plenty of it,  ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender.  Then after we were done we were presented with a piece of their succulent fish to try...yummy!
Huge portions and great sides.  Better food than a well known BBQ joint in Chandler we usually go to, but this was much closer to home and better food.
Good price for what you got.
Can't wait to return!  Oh, and hand cut fries to die for if you like fries!!笑
My wife had the pulled pork and I had the brisket sandwich.  They barely put any BBQ sauce on the sandwiches, and they don't have bottles of sauce ready available, you have to go get little tubs from the sauce dispenser.  Only problem is, that even then the sandwiches weren't that tasty.笑
My family and I have been going to Tom's for over 15 years! We love bbq, it is the best melt in your mouth ...hands down, no competition. I have also used their catering services.We initially started going to the Country Club location(that Superman phone booth is great) but now frequent the NOrth Mesa location. I love this location, the atmosphere is great and family friendly. Oink if you love Tom's!!!笑
If you come here for lunch, it is a great deal.  You get to put your favorites onto a sandwich for a great deal.  If you happen to order fries, they give you enough to feed an army.  The flavors are great and you can add hot peppers and BBQ sauce to enhance the entire experience.笑
Great place for b-b-que! The pulled pork dinner is tasty and very large portion. We both had left overs to take home. I'm not big on long reviews, if the food is good that is plenty information!!笑
I was craving some good fish and chips last night so my husband suggested this place (his co worker goes to a different location and said this place was delicious). I am not one to give just 1 star normally but the food was horrible. The fried pickles were a joke. They are super thin slices covered in globs of oil soaked batter. The fries were soggy and the fish was bland and soggy. The sauces they gave tasted weird and they forgot to give us the mac and cheese we ordered. I think that was a good thing though. We threw everything away after a couple of bites. Such a waste of money since it was so pricey. Never again.笑
Fried pickles are terrible, waitress said owners are from Chicago and they have the best Chicago hot dog in town. We ordered the Chicago hot dog, unfortunately it came with cucumbers, no big deal, pick them off but don't you dare say you're from Chicago and put cucumbers on a Chicago dog! Maybe you're from Indiana,  I don't know,  but Chicago,  come on now. Glad I didn't try the Italian beef, probably comes with zucchini on it, lol笑
Ordered the brisket, wife pulled pork.
The brisket was very good and the sauce was even better. 
the curley fries were better then the regular.
The potato salad was probably one of the worse ive had. didnt have any flavor and i couldnt eat it. I ordered a Chicago dog and the toppings were top notch but the hot dog itself was bad, dont know if it had been sitting around all day or what.笑
Good restaurant, good food, clean atmosphere. The menu is a little confusing but the people are nice. Prices are high but they give a discount to some of the businesses nearby. Overall I would say Tom's is good, but falls short of great.笑
Any place that has the words Cornhole Corner written on the patio wall has my vote!  

This place is awesome. I love BBQ so that helps. Nice little patio, awesome brisket!!! Good Menu!! 

Laid back...
Great for a starting place to drink and maybe walk across to Monestary.笑
Stopped here for lunch. I ordered the ribs and my daughter got the mac and cheese. The ribs seemed reheated or just not prepared that well. They were a little tough and had that not made today taste. The BBQ beans I got as a side were very good though. I got the mild sauce on the side which had a heavy cinnamon taste to it, which I did not care for very much.

My daughters mac and cheese was spicy. It is not labeled as such on the menu. The waitress said it comes that way as it is a nacho cheese sauce. It tasted like it had jalapeños in it. If your kid has sensitive taste buds, steer them away. The waitress did offer to give her something new. She had got us chicken tenders, which took a while, but my daughter enjoyed them very much.

The biggest complaint I had was the amount of flys at our table. Make sure you bring a fly swatter!笑
This location of Tom's is like my "Cheers" go to place.  There is always a friendly smile waiting for you and a good vibe.  We are fond of their fish fry, and during the cold snap we had a few weeks back, my daughter and I stopped there on a chilly Friday night.  We were asked if it was okay to sit on the heated patio, as the inside tables were full.  Another couple also came after us and they were also seated outside.  The manager and waitresses surrounded us with heaters and warmers, but that night the wind was just not cooperating, and after all of their best efforts and attentiveness, it still was chilly.  The manager came out to our tables and told both parties that he would be taking 20% off of our bills to thank us for putting up with the inconvenience of being chilly!  I thought that was an awesome move, as we had agreed to sit there in the first place.  Still my go-to place for my favorites: fish fry, bbq rib tips, and nachos with pulled pork on homemade potato chips!笑
Very busy place on a Friday night. Service was quick. Fish fry was ok. Onion straws were dry. Pulled pork sandwich was ok.  Fries Nothing special. Not as fabulous as I would have expected considering the crowd. Didn't allow use of restaurant.com discount on weekend so we'll have to go back. Will try something else next time. Something there must be really good. Just haven't had it yet.笑
Discovered this place today because of its bright pink pig truck parked outside. I'd seen the truck around, and I'm a real fan of checking out food from moving vehicles, whether it's a taco truck in San Diego or a neon pink truck with a curly tail. My son and I got out of the drive-thru lane at Wendy's and ventured over. We found the truck empty, but the restaurant was right there, so we headed inside.

We both ordered the pulled pork sandwich with curly fries. And I must say, I've never had pulled pork melt in my mouth like that before. I'm a pretty good cook and slow roasted or smoked pulled pork is my specialty. But this was better than mine. It was delicious, the bun was soft, the curly fries were thin and tasty. I will definitely be back with the rest of the family! My son is still talking about how great it was.笑
As this 4 this bbq place it sub-par brisket  was very dry and wasn't most like a fantastic brisket should be. The sausage had hardly no flavor the dishes where all right but could of be better.笑
Tried the pulled pork.  Not good couldn't finish my sandwich and I am a fan of pulled pork! 
It tasted like it was boiled meat, not BBQ.  The BBQ sauce was the best part and the waitress was friendly and helpful.  Won't be coming back here.  Sorry I tried it.  Nothing wrong with corn on the cob but how can you make that bad?笑
I would have gave them a 5 star but the bread was dry. I ordered the 2 meat dinner with a hot link, chicken, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese. It was yummy.笑
Level of service has dropped considerablely sinceTom's have gone to order at the counter. Our order was incomplete and the food quality has gone down.The red beans in the red beans and rice were non existent. The meat was tough.Felt the owner was rude to other customers who complained about at the table next to us.We won't be back笑
Every time we visit Arizona we always go to Tom's. There Italian Beef is fantastic with peppers and grilled onions, makes my mouth water just thinking about it. We also had there Vienna hotdogs there great as well.笑
The best flipping bbq I've ever had ! Especially like the pulled pork and chicken. We will definitely be back!!!!笑
Wow! What an amazing atmosphere! Not only did i walk in and get a hand shake from the the owner Rick and his amazing manager Victor but the lovely tender of the bar had my drink order ready before i even sat down. I traversed an awestrikingly clean establishment with an open dining area and made my way to an impressive patio area. Every single table had a private heater along with other standing heatin units for the whole. The, large impressively sharp televisions, were well placed. 
Well done my friends. I look forward to seeing you again soon!笑
Had for the first time and had the Brisket sandwich.  It was ok.  They brisket in my opinion was not cooked long enough. It was very stringy and if brisket is cooked correctly it should easily pull apart.  It's tasted ok.  The rub they use is not super flavorful and just the texture of the meat for brisket is not what it should have been.  I may give it another shot but probably not anytime soon.笑
Not the best but not the worst. My family has come here a few times, as we live fairly close by and the service is never good. The food is just mediocre, and I really don't recommend the ribs. The only thing truly commendable about this place is the pulled pork which we were surprised by how good it was. We might come back here and give it another chance with some of the other dishes.笑
Great lunch specials and awesome staff. This place is great when you have a limited time for lunch. Pulled pork is delicious. Not a overwhelming amount if slaw. Great place for lunches. Haven't tried dinner yet. That will be next.笑
I wish I could give it ten stars! Finally a place that makes kick-ass brisket! I've been looking for years now and I am happy to know where I can get great BBQ. Famous Dave's is pretty good and Rudy's bbq just plain sucks. Thanks Toms BBQ for doing it right!!笑
This place is great. Anything BBQ from this place is amazing. Meat is soft and tender and the sauce is just perfectly sweet. We ordered the BBQ platter, pulled pork sandwich, fish and chips, and 3 drinks for about 40 dollars. Which isn't too bad because the food quantity is a lot!! The fish and chips from here isn't too bad, it's a lil bit on the salty side but I ain't complaining. Will definitely come again!笑
Its a neat place but the food is just ok. The portions are good size and the restaurant like I said is a good looking place. But the food just needs a little something extra. I would recommend this place, I've only been twice and would give them another try as it wasn't by any means a bad experience.笑
Stopped in on a hot Sunday afternoon for a cold beer and a late lunch. Ordered the rib tip appetizers with hot BBQ sauce.  About all I can say is the beer was cold and their air conditioning works well. Rib tips weren't tips and were way too fatty and tough. Hot sauce was neither hot nor saucy. At least the fries were fresh and didn't taste of yesterday's oil.  

Staff is friendly and courteous. Restaurant and restrooms are clean. Stop in for some cold AC and have a drink.  Don't stop in for the food.笑
Below average! I was not impressed, and did not care for their food.  My husband and I recently moved to the area and have been hoping to try Tom's BBQ for a while.  We placed an order for pick-up.  We live just down the road.  We ordered a sampler meal that came with BBQ ribs, hot links, pulled pork, beef brisket and BBQ Chicken (whole thigh and a leg) as well as three sides.  For our sides we chose green beans, coleslaw, bbq beans.  On a positive note I will say that I liked the meat on the ribs.  However I did not care for the small bones I found on the excess rib meat, I used my fingers to pull them out and eat the shreds of edible meat.  Poor butchering in my opinion. Secondly, the pulled pork was stringy, the texture was like hair meat! No actual substance or chucks to the pork, this says low quality pork or just over cooking.  The chicken had little edible meat on it, and beef brisket was passable albeit average, I didn't try to hot links, and the BBQ beans were tasty but not the best I've had.  I really don't understand how a place with so many good reviews can serve food like this?  Am I just one of the un-lucky ones???  Sad to say it will be some time before we go back, if ever.  Many of the other reviewers like the fish.  I would try that but I'll never convince my husband to go back for that, he dislikes fish with a passion.笑
We stopped in for the first time a couple of weeks ago and everything was great!  The staff was very friendly and attentive. The food was excellent...my son had the pulled pork and loved it..the salads are huge!!  The atmosphere was perfect for families.  They also have a full bar and lots of TV's so it would be a great place to watch some football too!  We will be going back for sure!!笑
Had a great time at Tom's today. Delicious Italian Beef with giardinara. Goes great with an ice cold beer. Awesome staff, great food. Definitely worth checking out.笑
As a former Illinoian, this is a pretty good place to watch a Bear's game and enjoy some classic Chicago sandwiches. The Italian sandwich is super spicy and delicious and the au jus sauce was authentic. The baked beans were sweet, but soupy. Fries were freshly cut and Chicago style greasy goodness. My personal fav is the Beef Brisket sandwich with spicy BBQ sauce. It's perfectly cooked and the juices just soak into the bun.

The service was friendly and there are plenty of TVs to catch all the action. We'll definitely be back for more!笑
Took the family to BBQ and they all loved the food.  We bought a family combo dinner that included three choices of meat (we chose pulled pork, smoked chicken with bone -in, and for 3$ extra we had brisket),  6 dinner rolls, and 2 large sides (we chose the mashed potatoes and gravy for both sides).  We also ordered a 1/2 slab of ribs.  We all agreed that the pulled pork was are favorite.  However, the other meats were also good.  Our only complaint was based on our experience we had taking the order "to go."  The gravy was placed directly on the mashed potatoes, which was okay, but some people in our party did not like gravy.  Also, the BBQ sauces were hot and the containers were placed on top of the plastic lids for our sides and melted through into our mashed potatoes.  The mashed potatoes, when eaten without gravy, were dry.  Otherwise, we had a great visit and do plan to be back.笑
Very disappointed. I placed take out order. The food was cold, the zuccini was so greasy it dripped through the two bags it was packaged in, the cold slaw was dry . The Bbq chicken was inedible, looked like pre-packaged food warmed up. The brisket was tough. I ate some of the rib tips on my 3 meat dinner combo and the fries but everything else is terrible.笑
We ate at Toms BBQ last night. I've been here before. The food is delicious.  I used to live near the owners and they always sponsored our neighborhood BBQ. So something suspicious happened here last night, that I have only seen on the TV show Restaurant Stakeout and this is it,  I went to the ladies restroom and when I threw away the paper towel there were some guest checks used to take orders in the trashcan.  It looked like some orders were thrown away.   Anyway this did not seem normal to me.  I went into detective mode and took a picture of them with my cell phone. Plus I kept them. I hope no employees are stealing from Tom.  Business is hard enough as it is without stuff like this going on.笑
Ate a loaded potate and found the brisket to be well undercooked too tough to eat also not well cut. The barbecue sause was flavorless. also the price was more than it should be笑
The food and service was good. But when it came to my kids food we ordered her the kids macaroni and cheese. When it showed up to the table it looked good but it had jalapenos in it. So we asked the server to take it back and get her another one. She came back with the same one saying the owner just changed it up that all the macaroni and cheese going to have Jalapeno in it. She said that she didn't know that they did that . But she was very nice and offered her another Meal and took off the other one. So if you take your kids to eat there and they what the macaroni and cheese make sure to ask if it has jalapenos in it.笑
This place has really great meat that's consistent visit after visit. To me, the meat seems a little too sauced ...but it may be because the consistency and quality of the meat is so outstanding that I'm hesitant to sauce it at all for fear of hiding some of the deliciousness :) The brisket and ribs are my favorites, but in my experience you can't go wrong with anything on the menu! This is absolutely the best BBQ place I've found in Arizona.笑
Food was ok, service was bad. Ordered 2 sandwiches to go. Watched as multiple people who ordered after me got their food and finished it while I was still waiting for mine. When my food finally came out it was dropped on the table with a " here's your food" and she just walks away. Just rude servers here. I won't go back again. This was my 2nd bad experience here.笑
First time eating at Tom's. I had a pulled pork sandwich and Jalapeño Mac N Cheese. The staff was very friendly and the food was awesome!笑
I was very unimpressed with the service, the lack of interest that the staff showed to making the meal what we wanted and the quality left much to be desired. I asked to substitute a meat (willing to pay extra if necessary) and the staff would not make exceptions (even when we offered to pay more for the upgrade). I have been going to Toms for many years and I will not be back. Way overpriced for what you get.笑
Being a Native of Chicago I can say with most authority that this as authentic to Chicago cuisine as it gets, Tom's surly does the Chicago Style of Food justice.笑
Toms seems to have been dropping in quality over the past few years.  I keep wanting to go back in the hope that it will be as good as it used to be but it just isn't.  This visit will probably be my last.  The bun on the pork sandwich was stale beyond belief.  I had a Maxwell Street Polish.  The grilled onions were still crunchy and the sausage was so dried out it almost had the texture of jerky.  The fried pickles were nothing to write home about.  The only decent thing we had were the curly fries.  Sorry Toms but you continue to disappoint.笑
Definitely the best bbq!! Prices are good, they're fast and VERY good. Everything is homemade. The people are so friendly. You can get anything here and not be disappointed!笑
Food was very good!  Service was just decent.  No question about it, I will be back because it was delicious.笑
So I have lived in Mesa 4  years now. Not sure why I haven't been to this restaurant before now. Great service and my fish and chips were awesome. Good atmosphere and I'll definitely bring the kids next time:)笑
NFL Ticket, open early for Bears games, great staff, full bar, good food!  GREAT PLACE TO WATCH THE GAME!笑
On occasion by family likes to eat here. I usually get take out. The BBQ is pretty good. They portions are decent and the service is friendly enough. 

Do not order the pecan pie. It is very bad. Both times I tried it, the crust has been sitting in the syrup for days, so it is soggy and has formed into part of the gelatinous blob of pecan goo on top.

The manager tried to make up for it by giving me a free piece the next time I came in, as he thought it was just a badly make pie. Even the second piece was bad. He told me if the second piece was also bad, he would be happy to treat me to a free dinner and he would stop ordering pecan pie from that vendor. It was and he did.

My husband likes the brisket and I like the ribs. BBQ is one of those things I haven't mastered making at home, so I'm happy to go out and pay for it. These guys are pretty good, so I keep going. It's close to my house and they are always friendly and quick.笑
I am an admitted Chicago snob. Lots of places like to say they make Chicago hot dogs (Sonic? Please.) or authentic Italian beef, but many of them don't live up to their boasts. Well I'm glad to say Tom's BBQ was good enough for me to return.

We had a variety of foods, which for the most part were great.  The mac n cheese balls were not fabulous (they were cold in the middle) but came with a great gravy, full of spicy tomato flavor.  We had ribs, pulled pork, and buffalo wings from the BBQ side of the menu, and Italian Beef and hot dog from the Chicago side. My only quibble was that they used a stacker pickle instead of a kosher spear on the hot dog.  Other than that, everything was tasty and filling.

It's casual and fun, the service was friendly and relaxed, and the beer was CHEAP. I'd definitely come back here on my next trip to AZ. (Oh yes, this was a trip here to visit family... I chose to visit here in July just in time for the 4th hottest day in AZ history. I am insane.)笑
The service was exceptional and the atmosphere was down home be sure to take advantage of the Friday night fish fry all you can eat I myself enjoyed the catfish.笑
Sarah's my sister and we ate there together the other day .

I specifically asked for my beef to be extra extra juicy, with giardiniera...and it came out exactly as requested....enough so that I had to use a knife and fork to eat most of it.  The fries were really yummy too, and the service was fast and friendly.  Definitely not training table food, but an authentic and delicious taste of the homeland right here in Mesa, AZ.

We also loved the classic Chicago memorabilia on the walls and were tempted to try on the foam Bear hat on the cooler, but refrained...perhaps on our next visit???笑
This is a updated review I posted back on 8/1/2013

We hear all the time that Tom's BBQ is a great place. My wife now and I decided to give this place a second try with the hope of maybe service, food, management, has changed.

Service, food, and the atmosphere of the restaurant was great. Last time my wife and I went, the restaurant was dead and service was terrible. There was a huge difference on our second visit. Don't know what happen and don't care what happened but we had a great experience.

The wife and I ordered pulled pork sandwiches. Ordered a basket of curly fries wasn't greasy like the last time. Very tasty and filling. Definitely recommend it. Pecan Pie is tasty as well.

Presentation of our dishes were awesome. Our server was great. Pricing on the food is fair and portion of food served is awesome.

Definitely will recommend this place to get some good grub with the hope that no one will ever have the experience I had when my wife and I went.笑
Big disappointment! Rude waitresses, slow service, unprofessional and dirty. 

Upon arriving with my large family, when asked if its table service or window service we were barked at "table service" as if we knew. It's not like we come here, when no one would help put tables together my older children started to do it themselves. Once again rude waitress's said we couldn't do it, ummm yes we are  not sitting 4 to a table and being away from all my kids. It took 20 minutes to get any kind of help ordering and once she came over she said to help ourselves to the drinks that she was a little busy (fyi we were the only ones in there!). 35 minutes later we ordered, 45 minutes from that we ate! Never again will I eat at any of these restaurants! Bring on Famous Daves! I only hit one star because the app made me, no stars for this place!笑
During happy hour they have freshly made potato chips for a dollar. These are excellent. We have been here several times and everything has been above average. Service is good, they are short on ambience but the rest of the experience more than makes up for it.笑
Dry brisket, good fries, not much else.  Bbq sauce had a metallic taste.  Service was great, ambiance was nice.笑
Food is amazing !!!! Pulled pork is my favorite. Awesome service our server was so sweet! Definitely coming back!笑
Really awesome place! We've always wanted to try Tom's due to the # of times we've driven past the cute pink van. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and we had the fried pickles as an appetizer. SO good! The house horseradish sauce is great. Service was wonderful and they had an assortment of tables inside and outside. We'll be back笑
I have passed this place a lot and finally decided to stop in for some BBQ. Our over all experience was ok. Our waitress was very nice but the food was not the best. I had pulled pork and my friend had the ribs and we both had Mac and cheese sides. The pulled pork sandwich Was not very warm and it was so greasy that my bun was completely soggy. My friend liked her ribs but she wishes she asked to have bbq sauce on them. The Mac and cheese was not very good and was will a little on the cold side and also a little soggy. I don't know if I would come back. But I am about second chances.笑
Quality quick food. The sandwiches were delectable. I thoroughly enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich and the house sandwich. They were both really good. The only reason this is 3 stars and not 4, is because they did not use real plates and utensils as well as cups. Other than that, all was well. The food was tasty, the service was solid, and the atmosphere was definitely unique. It felt like an authentic barbecue place for sure. I would recommend this to anyone with a short amount of time in search of some good bbq. Definitely a good choice to go here. Quality experience.笑
Found in a shopping center plaza...I had the chili which was very well seasoned, and had a good spice to it. My dad had the bbq salad which he enjoyed. 
Check out the restroom, it's pretty cool.
Overall, on another trip out that way, I would go back and sample some other plates.笑
I love their catfish sandwich , the ladies are always friendly and they love to see my dog when she comes with me . I always order to go and it's always ready  & fresh. The catfish dinner is always crispy and fresh! Their bake beans are very tasty! They have a reward point system that's also good and doesn't require an annoying punch card to keep track of. I've already earned a free meal ! I love this place !笑
Clean and friendly bbq joint with generous portions.  I ordered the meaty half slab, beans and slaw.  The sauce was not my favorite, but the ribs were tasty.  Priced right.  I'll return to try their pulled pork.笑
Amazing BBQ!  I've had most BBQ places around and this place is sooo good!  Just yesterday I ordered 6 pounds of meat for a bday party and they had it ready in no time. If you haven't eaten here...do it!笑
It just wasn't very good.... I got cornbread and pulled pork, and didn't even finish my meal. Didn't taste like home cooked southern food to me (if you've had the real thing then it's hard to like anything less.)笑
My boyfriend and I love Toms. We like to order the number one which is a sandwich combo. I will order the pulled pork which is very juicy. He orders the brisket. Their sides are very good as well. 

In my opinion Tom's BBQ is better than other BBQ places. At toms the friend pickels are spears. The onion strings are delish. They include coleslaw on your sandwich at no extra cost. The staff has always been very nice and helpful.

Somedays when u go in you order at the window, pick a seat and they will bring out your food. Other times you have a seat, they bring you a menu and you order with the waitress. Soda fountains are in the restaurant so its not a big deal to get up and refill your drink if the waitress is busy. In fact its probably a good thing to work off some calories from all the delicious food.笑
It was okay, there meat was the best thing but the sides aren't good and there fried zucchini needed to be smaller笑
Great BBQ! So much improved. The food is great and the service was impeccable. Cody was our server and he was excellent! We will definitely be back soon.笑
Excellent service and great meal for lunch.  We tried the pulled pork with mac and cheese and it was delicious.笑
Had the brisket from the pig rig in Fountain Hills last night.Worst food I ever ate in my life!! When you order an overpriced brisket dinner you expect BRISKET SLICES "not" CHOPPED UP Brisket. I've had the brisket sandwich from there before and it was SLICED every time I ordered it.When you want to serve OLD brisket,you CHOP it up into little pieces and cover it with sauce...Disgusting!! But hey,you offered it for a whole dollar cheaper than you normally charge.Please don't come back to Fountain Hills to peddle your OLD brisket!