I ordered takeout delivery and when it arrive it was still hot and very tasty.  No complaints here and it even arrive 20 minutes early.  When in town I would order again.笑
Never again.  We were referred to this restaurant from the hotel staff.  We called to try to place an order to which the order taker asked for my phone number so he could call me back because he had another call.  He called back 10 minutes later.  He took my order and tried rushing me off of the phone.  I asked him 3 times to repeat my order back to me - he never did.  I told him the name of the hotel I am staying at and gave him the address- he said delivery in 45 minutes.  At the hour and 15 minute mark, I called back checking on the status of my delivery.  He said the driver was 5 minutes away.  I had to call back 15 minutes later-still no food, no driver.  The order taker says let me call my driver and call you back.  He calls back minutes later and apologized for giving the driver the wrong address.  Never again.  By this time my family and I are trying to come up with a back up plan for dinner.  Almost 2 hours for mediocre Asian food.   Never again笑
I am always open to Asian restaurants because I live for Asian food but I was not impressed with Asia Lee. I'm usually careful about reading reviews and sometimes I think "oh well, maybe I will try it for myself and not go by how many stars or good reviews it has" but AL is just not good. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken and some sort of beef and they both came a) not hot or warm b) hard and c) overpriced for the quality of food...

I guess it's good if you're really hungry or maybe a little drunk but... I didn't enjoy it... But maybe it was just a bad evening for Asia... Stay tuned...笑
Worst delivery experience of my life!
I ordered food on a Monday night. After 75 minutes I get a call from the delivery driver, who was lost. He wasn't even in the right city! So, I give him clear directions. After 90 minutes I get another call from him, and he's still lost. You would think a delivery driver would have a smart phone or navigation. Anyways, I give him directions once again, and he seems to understand this time. After 2 hours I call him back, and he gets really upset (at me) for his lack of navigational skills. He tells me that 1) he gave up and he's heading back to the restaurant, and 2) I should never order from their restaurant again!笑
Ordered food from this site around 9:30, restaurant completely closed, never received any order, nobody called to let us know what was going on.  restaurant showed up as "Asian dining" on grub hub, which made it harder to find here.  Grub hub confirms that restaurant acknowledged the order, just vanished into thin air, I guess.  Points to grub hub for compensating for this mistake, still doesn't help us get fed tonight.笑
I was a little worried based off other reviews, but I am giving it 5 stars simply because it was the best in the area that I've had.

I miss The chinese food of my hometown (Boston) but once in a while, I find a place i like.

The ORANGE CHICKEN WITH BACON is to die for!笑
Bad. Just bad. 90 minutes to deliver 2 miles away. Greasy flavorless food that I paid WAY too much for.笑
This restaurant is so good. Food is awesome and deliver fast. The owner is nice to people.笑
I am giving this 4 stars for 2 reasons.  1.  The food I have ordered is very tasty, especially the Orange Chicken and Crab Puffs.  2.  DELIVERY!!!!!  I will say I have not been in this restaurant, and from what I hear I don't want to be.  I have the ostrich syndrome, if I don't see it, it isn't there.  But I do like how the food tastes and it is DELIVERED in a timely manner, late at night too.  How many places can say they deliver something besides pizza?笑
The sweet and sour chicken was perfect! Also would recommend the crab wontons, lots of filling and were delicious! Portion size was great and i appreciate that they served bottles of water rather than tap water. Definitely coming back!笑
Well this place is right down the street from my job so when im feeling lazy i just have them deliver , and let me tell you the food here is so so i mean the fried rice is dry and greasy but it has its days when it is decent the sweet and sour chicken is good just really greasy lo mein and chow mein is the same freakin thing tastless bland greasy and so so its edible if your starving and just dont feel like going anywhere.. i had shrimp lo mein today for lunch nice shrimp bit overcooked but overall okay they were pretty big i guess but so so i guess if you want some okay chinese at cheap prices go here for lunch if your in this part of town.笑
The chicken efu and pork fried rice are amazing. This is mine and my husband's Friday date night delivery.笑
Horrible experience!!!! Ordered on line expected delivery time was 11:40 at 12:15 I called to see what was going on and the guy on the phone said it would be here any minute. Called back at 12:35 and he said once again he said they should be knocking on my door I said I just wanted to cancel and be reimbursed considering it had been almost / hours!! For 2 appetizers and a small soup! He then said I requested the order to arrive at 12:45.... What???! So I am now still waiting and he will not refund my $$$. Worst service ever!!!笑
The name of the place changed so I think it must be under new ownership. I ordered the crab wontons and instead received an appetizer that looked like mozzarella sticks but had some type of meat inside that I think is fish. All of the containers were covered in sauce which dripped onto everything else and all over inside the bag. The food was not very good at all and the portions appeared to be smaller than what they were previously. This was my go to delivery place for chinese food but sadly I will have to find somewhere else. $40 spent and lesson learned.笑
The place looks kind of creepy. Several shady looking people were sitting, chatting, waiting, smoking on the parking lot. Not sure, if they all just meet there every night or what... I liked the duck they had. It had a good flavor and was good priced. The Lo Mein was extremely disappointing. The chicken and the beef was terrible. Maybe it was from a rubber chicken/cow. I would not recommend this place, except for the duck.笑
This is how Chinese food is supposed to be people......not like the boutique stuck up chain restaurants you are spoon fed out here笑
When I called for delivery they said it would take an hour and a half, I thought that was a long time, but we weren't that hungry yet.  After 2 hours and 20 minutes they finally arrived, with cold food.  They didn't offer a discount or any way to make it right.笑
It's probably one of the better ones around here, but overall it's not that great. The soups, general tso, beef and broccoli are just mediocre. It makes me miss Hot Wok in Ahwahtukee!笑
Amateur Nite at the Asian  Dining Chinese Kitchen ? 

Avoid at al costs!!

Add 3 dollar delivery fee --not stated--on menu--over 15 dollar minimum for delivery.
Real disappointment is the food. 
Neither of the dishes I got was remotely spicy,  as marked. 

         In fact, the rice noodle dish was a bland looking mass of beige with no hint of color. 
This included an obvious absence of anything remotely flavorful (garlic, onion, sesame oil) having really only a strong salty aftertaste yet having  an abundance of greasy cabbage, rubbery canned corn plus slimy canned mushrooms. 
 
        Overall, I'd have to say avoid ordering from this restaurant. 
It's way overpriced for the quality you get. The best thing I can say about their service is that it arrived under the 45-minute frame I was quoted on the phone. 

        In fact, my food seemed to have been thrown together by some on with little knowledge of authentic Chinese/Asian recipes.  One other reviewer used the term ' despicable' and I must agree. 

 Perhaps the cooks  could 'Google'  a good recipe next time and buy a few more quality ingredients before sending out the next deliver order. 

Asian Dining Chinese Kitchen--hardly 
Grade F
PS: Restaurant has disabled 'Review Option' on their own website perhaps with good reason.笑
Really bad food.  They use cheapest cuts of meat.  Ordered chicken egg foo young it was very dense. Chicken was thight meat reminded me of buffet crap.  Dumplings worst ever must be frozen.  Beef on stick omg is that beef?  Talk about overcooked fatty mystery meat.  Curry chicken seemed like the only thing they cooked from scratch it wasn't that bad but they laoded it down w cheap onions and carrots.  Sweet n sour chicken was deep fried chicken w sauce on side.  Pretty much low budge buffet food but very expensive.  Never again what a waste.  My husband literally picked it all up in disgust and threw that shit in the garbage.  Company said they would refund my money and get back to me they didnt and they didnt.  They suck read the reviews first all the good ones have to be relatives friends or bullshit.笑
Our go to for Chinese at work. Just have to be careful to order before 9:30pm or it won't be able to be delivered.

Sesame chicken is pretty decent, big fan of the wonton soup and spring rolls.笑
I learned a valuable Yelp lesson by eating at Asia Lee yesterday. The lesson: Read reviews *carefully*. 

Flipping through them on Yelp mobile, I neglected to pay attention to the fact that one Yelper wrote about Asia Lee based only on its delivery service. And I overlooked the fact that the second review was fake. 

Completely disarmed by the two 4+ star reviews, I walked in here and totally ignored the fact that I was the only person in the entire restaurant at 12:30 on a weekday. There are boxes stacked up everywhere in disorganized chaos. There is no waiter service. Some dude at the counter stared at me as I walked in, and I guessed that I was to look at the menu I spotted on the counter, make my selection, and tell him what I wanted. I ordered a szechuan chicken lunch special with a diet coke. I then sat at my table and waited, and only then realized what a foolish mistake I had made. Two other people did walk in. They looked like meth addicts. Or possibly a prostitute and her pimp. Or all of the above. 

The soy sauce bottle was disgusting, sticky, and dirty. The food was adequate, even though it was presented to me on a cheap styrofoam plate. The decor appears as if the owners could care less what you think of the place upon setting your eyes on it. If the food was delivered to me at my doorstep so I didn't have to actually look at the rest of the restaurant and what condition it was in, I might think it was decent too. But alas, I had context. And that context, folks, is ugly. 

I will never come here again. I suggest you don't either.笑
Save your hunger for good food and go elsewhere!  Food is blech!  Service is even worse.  Stated a food allergy before ordering and specified which dish would be mine, was assured no peppers in it.  One bite into my food my tongue swelled immediately and I could have died.  When we called they argued there was no peppers even though when they read us the ingredients they listed chilli sauce among them.... denied chilli sauce has peppers!!笑
The food is great.  I'm so happy to have found a good Chinese restaurant nearby, great customer service, and great lunch specials.  The dinner/weekend prices are a bit steep, but lots of food and definitely worth it!笑
Went here the other day as a co-worker suggested it... got the shrimp and veggie with fried rice...... ehhh... the rice was super dry  and the shrimp and veggies had no flavor! I will say...a little disappointed. Well guess i will venture on to another spot and try it...  EEAY (Explore Eat And Yelp!)笑
I am really sad to have to give this place 3 stars because the food was actually pretty good (would have been better, I'm sure, had it not taken an hour and a half for it to get to us).

We live down the street from Asia Lee and placed an order online. After an hour of waiting, my boyfriend called them to make sure they got it. The guy who answered the phone was obviously busy and in a rush and was very short with him, yelling that the food was on its way. Half an hour later...no food. I called back and the guy said again, it's on his way. I explained we were told that half an hour ago and we live a mile away. He then told me they only had one driver that night and were busy. Which I get. But come on, you should have explained that to my boyfriend the first time we called.笑
4 stars for delivery alone!  

I've been in Arizona for almost 3 years, and tonight was the first time I had food delivered!  There are not many restaurants that deliver and the ones that do usually use an expensive delivery service of some sort... for some reason, I've never trusted those places.

So, it was time for dinner.  I realized I had no food in the house.  I was exhausted and it was cold out.  I had no desire to go out.  And then a light bulb went on in my head!  Asia Lee!  They left a menu on my door a few weeks ago and I didn't throw it away for this very reason!  I actually had their food once before for lunch one day when a group of us in the office decided to try it.

I will let it slide that the menu says they are located on 'MeDowell' and not McDowell; and that the map on the menu shows 'E. Washinaton' street instead of E. Washington.  The person that answered the phone sounded Chinese; that is a good sign considering this is a 'fine Chinese food' restaurant.

I don't know that I can give a truly fair review since I ordered really plain items from the menu:  egg drop soup and #96 - Steamed Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetable.  This is from the 'diet menu' and comes with white rice and sauce on the side.  However, I will say that the menu has everything you can imagine from a Chinese restaurant, and if it weren't the day after a week full of eating, I would've been more adventurous.  My food was fine.  It hit the spot.  I will order from them again... for convenience sake alone, give Asia Lee a shot!  

***Additional note:  Asia Lee offers a lunch special for just $5.95, you get your entree choice (from 33 options) served with roast pork fried rice or white rice and choice of soup, egg roll, crab rangoon, or soda.笑
I have to concur with some other reviewers comments that there was nothing remarkable one way or the other about the food here.

I've always enjoyed Asia Lee. It's a welcoming, if a bit dingy atmosphere and the folks there are always friendly. The wait is never too bad and the menu is fairly well rounded. It's a comfortable place to be.

But it's nothing special. The food is pretty decent, if not spectacular. Sometimes it's a bit dry. But overall, it's quick and cheap Chinese food and usually satisfies my desire.笑
It pains me to give only 3 stars here. I went to Asian Dining (also called Asian Lee) to pick up a meal shortly before closing. During my visit I had a chance to speak with the owner. He was extremely nice and a joy to talk to. I could tell he greatly cares about his restaurant. He wants to serve good food and treat his customers well. He has good intentions. He also mentioned that business was slow. Honestly, I can understand why. I am writing this review honestly and in the hopes that the owner will read this review and understand that his restaurant will not survive the way it is going.

While the service at Asian Dining was excellent, the food was average at best. I had mediocre General Tso's Chicken and Lo Mein. The rice was average to below-average. The value was less than stellar. There really wasn't much to like about this place. It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't impressive in the slightest. In today's competitive market, an average, forgettable eating establishment like Asian Dining simply won't cut it. 

You can come here for some decent Americanized-Chinese food. It will be decent, nothing better, nothing worse. If you live in the immediate area, and it's convenient for you, sure, go to Asian Dining; you could do a lot worse. If you've never been here and it's out of your way, don't bother - you really aren't missing out on much,

I really don't have much else to say here. The owner is really nice, but the food is mediocre. You can have all the service and passion in the world, but if your end product is bland, unexciting and forgettable, well, I can only rate you so high. 3 stars is the fair rating here.

And if the owner happens to stumble upon this review, please understand that you will not stay in business unless you improve the quality of your food. It needs to be delicious. You need to make me want to come back for me. You need to make your Chinese food tastier and simply irresistible. Right now, it's run-of-the-mill. I wish you the best, but run-of-the-mill doesn't cut it. In 2017 you can do a lot better. I'll leave it at that.笑
While their food is decent, their customer service is atrocious, especially given their higher than usual pricing. 2 out of 3 times we have ordered deliveries (all on week night) our order came late and was missing food. The last time this happened they weren't even apologetic about it and actually called me back to "make sure I wasn't mistaken,"-super annoying. I am a polite customer who always tips and I'll definitely be taking my business elsewhere.笑
If you enjoy a little bit more of an authentic take on asian food then you would get at panda express then this place is wonderful.  I have the lo mein all the time and its always hot and delicious and so much food that I have a whole meal of leftovers which as we all know is how asian take it out is supposed to be.  Sure the windows are a little steamy and scumy and a good portion of the staff can barely speak english but there was a time when that was expected to varify the authenticity of the food.  So,  If you want a fairly priced tasty and hardy asian meal delivered to your doorstep Asia lee is a fantastic little joint笑
This place always makes me want to come back! The food is hot and ready when I pick it up and the general tso Chicken, Kung pao, orange Chicken is delicious! The crab puffs are so yummy and the veggie/pork rolls are as well. Give it a shot and Asia lee will impress! Plus the service is always genuine and friendly. 5 stars!笑
This was probably the worst Chinese takeout I've ever had, and I've tried some pretty sketchy places, being from L.A. and all. I ordered the food for delivery, and it arrived fast, so that was good but that's where the good ends.  I tried a smorgasbord of different dishes, partially to meet the minimum delivery requirement and partially because I like to eat a lot. The fried rice is the only thing I finished, even though it was very, very bland, but yet still greasy. I tried the spare ribs and spit out the first bite. The cream cheese wontons are okay. The pork egg roll tasted a bit weird. I just...no.笑
Only got an extra star because delivery was convenient and prices aren't to bad. Bland food, over cooked dumplings with bland sauce. Just no flavor at all. This is the second time I have ordered from them. First time the sweet n sour chicken was mush and all the dumplings became one big one. Maybe it's better fresh in the place itself. I don't know because I won't be trying it... Spend a little more and go somewhere better is my two cents.笑
food was good, I wouldn't recommend the spring rolls but everything else was great.  They didn't give me any chopsticks or a fork or anything to eat with though....笑
I decided to walk in here on a whim, and kinda regret doing so. The food could have been pretty decent, but it was -extremely- oily. There was a visible puddle of oil left after I scooped the meat and veggies out of the plate they were delivered to, and onto the rice. Outside of that it was fine, it was pleasantly spicy, and would have otherwise been mediocre Chinese food (I prefer thai in any case).

This is definitely a place geared for delivery. The internal appearance was very dingy, and as another reviewer commented, there are boxes and things sitting around out in the main area. The service wasn't horrible; it's not exactly sit down service; you order from a counter, but I -did- have the food brought to my table. 

Had the food not been so greasy (seriously, they could have used 1/4th the oil they did, which still would have been a little much, but certainly within the realm of 'okay' for my standards), and had the internal decor been a bit better (remove the boxes, ensure everything is clean and a bit better lit), and I could see giving this place another star or two...but as it was, I regretted going in.笑
Came here because it is close to my house. After getting over the fact that the entire complex is pretty run-down (it's not in the best part of town) my husband and I went in to get a to-go order. The person at the counter was young and friendly. The cost was about right- around $14 for two dinners with fried rice. It took around 10 minutes to get our food and we left. Yeah, the place looks like nobody has ever actually eaten inside (poorly lit, dingy tables), but we didn't care. Chinese food is best coming from a hole in the wall, IMO. 

I wasn't expecting much, we only stopped by because we were looking for somewhere fast... But let me say that this is probably the best Chinese food I've had in a very, very long time. The egg roll was perfectly crispy and wasn't overpowered by too much cabbage or spices. The rice was piping hot, even after driving home and getting settled in before eating. The Szechwan chicken was the perfect level of spicy and all of the vegetables were still slightly crunchy (who likes mushy peas? Not me). It definitely tasted very fresh and well-made. We will absolutely be eating here again.笑
First time ordering. I had it delivered and it came within 45 minutes which I expected. 

Not even remotely impressed with the food. It was pretty bland and over priced for the quality. It was a good amount though.

Here is when they really made my sh*t list: my order was wrong. It was an online order. How do you screw that up? It's right in front of you. Black and white. I ordered cheese wontons. Not cheese cake. Who the hell orders cheese cake from a Chinese place? Whatever. 

So I call and he argues with me. No dude. I looked at my emailed receipt and I know what I wanted, what I clicked on and what was ordered. I can't understand him for the most part. I thought he was going to credit me and correct the order. Yeah I was wrong. He didn't do either. 

I look at the cheese cake because c'mon. Cheese cake. There's a bug. A freaking bug. In the middle of my white cheese cake. I'm done. So done.

Good luck to anyone that orders from here because I never will again.笑
Do not order from here unless you want the driver to screw up and then blame you for it. I ordered food from this establishment through grubhub. I thought i had opted to pay with cash. When it arrived the driver asked me to sign a piece of paper and then walked away. I thought then that I had made a mistake and paid with my card, so I shrugged it off. After this, I left my home to grab a soda from the store.  I came back about 40 mins later to my dogs freaking out (as they do when someone knocks on the door a lot). The driver was in my driveway blaring very loud music to disturb me on purpose. I stepped outside and instead of calmly explaining HIS MISTAKE to me, he says "yo, you gonna pay this bill?!" I said excuse me, and he repeated himself in the same gruff tone. I explained the entire situation to him and he said yeah whatever took my cash and drove off. Upon entering my home, I look at my phone (which I had not brought with me as I did not plan on being at my neighbor's long). On my phone were 2 missed calls, one from the driver and one from the restraunt. Then there was a text that stated "I'm staying here all day." The man thought I was sitting in my home trying to avoid a 30 dollar Chinese Bill that he made a mistake on in the first place. Without calmly speaking to me he threatens me and sits outside my house. Oh, and the food is okay, but if this is not the service you want you can find the same taste somewhere else I promise.笑
Horrible I would not recommend this place to anyone! This food is disgusting and old!笑
This was a horrible experience. I ordered through the app and showed up in 15 minuets. While I was pulling in the parking lot I received a text message saying the restaurant was busy and my food wouldn't be ready for 2 hours. I walked in anyways and showed the man behind the counter the text message, he didn't know why I would've received it. Ten minuets later my food was ready and I went to pay my 9.25 bill. I handed the man a $10 bill and he said thank you and walked away. Now, I am not a penny pincher but he didn't even give me the option of my .75.
As for the food, I ordered the Orange Chicken with pork fried rice. Unfortunately, the food was as bad as the experience getting it. The chicken was chewy and the rice tasted stale. I am never going back.笑
Visiting town from San Diego for a month and this place was so great it inspired me to write my first review.

This place is fantastic. Delivered to my hotel in record time and the food was still piping hot. I ordered steamed dumplings, pepper steak with onion, and hot and sour soup.  Dumplings come either steamed or fried and the ponzu sauce with it tasted home made and was simply amazing. The pepper steak was fantastic, the best I've ever had. They were out of green onions so zucchini and mushrooms were added instead, it was still fabulous. Hot and sour soup was some of the best I've ever had - crispy noodles that came with it were slightly stale (tasted weird) and so took off a star for that. 

This meal was otherwise perfect and I will definitely be ordering here again. If you're expecting fried familiar Chinese expect to be disappointed, I'm pretty sure that's why you see so many reviews describing this as "bland". This is not the overly seasoned fried sweet and sour sugar confection you're likely used to. This is fresh, flavorful, and a word I've never used for Chinese food before: subtle. Tons of veggies and TONS of meat, hands down some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.笑
I loved it! What a place! This is the first Chinese restaurant I've ordered from in Tempe that actually has respectable food. This will always be my first choice for delivery. The vegetables taste fresh and delicious, the chicken has just the right amount of sauce, and the rice portions are perfect as always.笑
This is the some of the yummiest Chinese food I've had since moving to AZ, and absolutely the yummiest Chinese delivery I have had since moving here.  I've only found three or four places total that have delivered, and all of them have been mediocre or worse, except for Asia Lee.  Everything I've gotten from them is delicious; last time I ordered Szechuan Beef, Pork Egg Foo Yung, and the free Chicken Fried Rice that comes with any order of $15 or more.  I wasn't a huge fan of the pork that came with the Egg Foo Yung, but the egg patties themselves are savory and delightful.  The Szechuan Beef is my absolute favorite, and it made a great lunch when I reheated it the next day, as welll.  I've never been inside the restaurant, so I can't vouch either way for the last review, but honestly, why would I go to the restaurant when I can have all the yumminess delivered right to my door?笑
Yum yum in my tum tum! Perfect for delivery and if you are just wanting good ol fashion Chinese take out! Only place I order from笑
Not a huge fan of the duck sauce. The chicken with broccoli was great. Shrimp toast was yummy!笑
I live down the street from this restaurant and was so ecstatic when I came upon it!!  The thing I love the most about an Asian place is the egg roll and the fried rice, this place DEF has the best in both!  I usually switch up my orders every once in awhile and have yet to eat anything I didn't like there.  The staff is quiet but friendly and the complex isn't the best but the food makes up for all that.笑
Why are most of the reviews good? 

My stomach hurts!

It took over an hour and it was cold...not to mention bland. 

I would never order again. I love tofu and this was so awful, I couldn't eat it! It was like having gravy out of a can with frozen peas and carrot cubes. The beef and noodles was also blaa and the orange chicken was generic. 

How do they get all the good reviews for food and fast delivery?笑
This place is great. Always friendly. Food is always delicious. I've even had it delivered a couple times and its still so warm and fresh - I recommend the house singapore rice noodles!  Everything I've tried so far has been amazing but their Singapore rice noodles are out of this world.笑
Not sure what you're smoking but this place sucks. This may have been one of the worst meals of my life, and why did it cost so much? I love hole-in-the-wall places but I think they got the food, literally, from a hole in the wall. This is some non authentic, fake, cheap food that happens to be overpriced.

Did we come on a day the actual cook was out? I don't get it.

The orange chicken was super over battered, super overcooked, so you basically just got a shit ton of crunchy batter and the flavor was completely off. The crab Puffs, if you can call them had maybe a quarter of a teaspoon of cream cheese in there and then again heavy on the batter heavy, on the fry. I will say the one thing I did like was the cold noodles. So if you're just down for some cold noodles I say go for it otherwise ... 

Pass.笑
I was once again tricked by the claim that it was like new york style Chinese food not even close I don't think they could even  pass for  Chinese food by itself I had lunch there today at 12:30 2 other people in the restaurant that should have been my first clue I ordered BBQ ribs They almost ripped out my teeth trying to chew on the meat it was smothered in store bought BBQ sauce definitely not Asian style next I had 1 pork egg roll it tasted like a frozen type you get in a super market last but not least i tried the shrimp toast  it was a greasy over cooked piece of i don't know what  This is my first review i usually never waste my time complaining but I needed to get the word out I love food and I work hard for my money and this place not only wasted my money and time i had to go and have lunch after this place because it was horrible and as I'm writing this about 2 hours after my experience my stomach is doing back flips i hope i make it threw the night without puking笑
Some thing has changed recently here and not for the better, last time I ordered the food did not arrive until about 1 hour and a half later (Grubhub's estimated 40 min) food was lukewarm and not hot, They changed the dumplings to exactly the type I have seen in the WalMart frozen food section. Shrimp Toast was burnt. Very disappointed this place has gone downhill used to be excellent service and quality food. Will never order from this place again. Tried to complain and basically was blown off.笑
Ordered delivery, lemon chicken sauce was too watery, pork egg roll was too salty and chicken fried rice was too bland. My husband got the fried dumplings and they tasted kind of funny. This morning I am definitely regretting eating it. If you don't want to spend the next morning in the bathroom, STAY AWAY!笑
The prices keep tempting me to try this place again, but I have already given them two chances already and they came up way short.  I think some critics here on yelp often have unrealistic expectations.  This place is cheap and I do not expect a five star dining experience, However i do expect them to get my order right and not to throw away food because it simply is pretty bad.笑
Fast (including delivery)!  And reasonably priced.  We've been going to Asia Lee for a few years now.  Love the fact that they deliver.  Cause well sometimes you just don't feel like leaving the house, ya know.  

Oh and if your order is over $15, you can get a free (select) entree - Usually either Fried Rice or Sweet and Sour Chicken.  

Generous portions = Leftovers!  :)  

Though the strip mall it's located in can be perceived as dicey, its not that bad of a location.  I love the fact that they've made all of the parking in front a "No Cab Zone".笑
When I walked in, there was no one there but the lady at the front desk. She took my order. Very pleasant. She pointed out the Dinner Specials. I got the General Tso Chicken. It came with your choice of White rice or Pork Fried Rice and an Egg roll. The Egg Roll was crunchy but the inside seemed old. The filling was mushy and seemed old. tasted old. The rice was ok and the General Tso was ok. Reasonably Priced.笑
Ordered take out. I received the wrong food. What I did get was hot but it didn't matter it was not good. I guess what I am saying is no don't do it you will be disappointed. I ordered the cheese cake which I did not get but was kinda happy after looking at the pics on yelp with the bugs in it.  It was nothing I want to repeat for sure.笑
Ordered online with the quoted delivery time in an hour and was pleasantly surprised to have it arrive within 40 minutes. Everything was hot and there was a plethora of sauces included. Everything that was ordered was flavorful and tasted pretty fresh. This is now my 'go-to' for Chinese delivery.笑
Nothing about this place was spectacular enough to rate more than three stars. Conversely, nothing about it was sufficiently negative to reduce them to two, or even one, star.

I had garlic chicken, my girlfriend has General Tso chicken. Hers was better.

Mine had an overabundance of veggies, and a lack of chicken.

The food was tasty, but not great.

The water was obviously tap water. I'm more than ok with that, but I think that's something that should be specified, when it clearly had no filtration of any kind.

The best thing I can say about this place is that the fortune cookies didn't taste like papier-mâché.

The little center it's in is very interesting; asian, mexican, mediterranean, and east african, all in one. Very strange.笑
One of my favorite places for decent priced delivery. If you order from grub hub they have special perks like if you spend $25 you get a free large sweet and sour chicken. The prices are good for the amount of food you get, I usually spend no more than $30 and get four or five large entree's and rice that comes with each one. The food is great, but delivery takes a while.笑
First time going there we got a flier on our door so we decided to try it! The spring roll that was included was delicious! The steamed dumplings were delicious! We ordered the schezwan shrimp and pork fried rice is was great! The area it's in is alright! The food was already prepared for me by the time I got there to pick it up.  The people there are really nice! Next time were going to order a different dish! We also ordered the egg flower soup delicious!笑
There were pros and cons to this place...

Pros: Egg Rolls were great, Chicken Skewers were delicious, and the Pork Fried rice was good.

Cons: Delivery took over an hour and I live 3 1/2 miles down the same street. Over priced for the quality. Food was cold upon arrival. The Pu Pu Platter had 2 of the smallest pieces of shrimp I've ever seen, a chicken skewer, an egg roll, a bbq spare rib and some unknown fried piece of imitation seafood-$9.75 for this??? Come on...

Overall, while the majority of the food was OK, I don't think (like most have said) that it is anything out of the ordinary for a rinky-dink chinese delivery place. Definitely wasn't good enough to have an hour wait time on some delivery. 

Unless you are CRAVING some Chinese and literally have no where else to order from, I'd be hesitant to order from here.笑
I have gotten delivery from here numerous times andI think the food is very good.  I have gotten take out once and the place just looks old, not really modern.  But the people are friendly, even last minute before they close.  Maybe they would get more business if they moved locations, but there is really not much around here, so I like that they are close.笑
The worst Chinese food I've had in Phoenix. The food was bland and lifeless. It was cheap, but who cares if the food has no flavor or substance. 

My dad will eat anything and not complain, and he laughed at me and warned me AFTER I went there that it was bad. Not cool dad, not cool. 

It's sad too because it's right around the corner from my dad's house.笑
So after a ridiculous weekend  I decided there was absolutely no way I was doing anything today besides watching Real Housewifes of New Jersey and ordering chinese food. I actually managed to find 2 separate delivery menus, but ended up ordering from Asia Lee because they were cheaper and had a lower minimum delivery requirement. I also appreciated the "New York Style" note on the menu. An Arizona restaurant serving food from another country in the style of another state. It reminded me of a dream I had where I was the lead singer of a Green Day cover band that only did Journey songs, but in the style of Green Day. BTW, I'm totally starting that band.

I got hot and sour soup, kung pao chicken, and an eggroll. They're all sitting in front of me right now. Well, except the egg roll. That barely made it out of the bag.  The hot and sour soup is okay, but has too many undercooked carrots and not enough tofu.  The broth is a little weird too. If you like hot and sour soup, you might need to manage your expectations here.  Kung pao chicken is my go-to chinese entree because I need heat in my food or I feel like I'm not really eating. The heat is definitely lacking here, and I forgot to ask for Siracha. The lo mein is okay but also a little bland.

I'm still eating it, but not as quickly as I should be, because it's not that good. Plus, it's hard to eat while simultaneously being sickened by the atrocious hair on Real Housewifes of New Jersey. But that's not Asia Lee's fault. Two stars.笑
This is one of the worst Chinese food I've eaten my entire life.  My shrimp and broccoli  combo entree was tasteless.   There's no flavor!!!  On top of that, the hot and sour soup has a thick layer of grease on top - ewww!!!!

Although, they have a niche market around this area as they are the only restaurant that does delivery!