The place is nice, still kind of fancy for me. Pupusas were good but very greasy. I probably consumed a whole week's worth of grease eating these today. El Carbonero is the better pupusas joint in my opinion.Ǿ
The customer service was just amazing. From the moment we walked in everyone was so friendly. They took our drink orders right away and got them out right away. Once we order our main course, it wasn't long before they brought out our fresh delicious food. The place was clean and very big for a bigger party. I definitely recommend it to anyoneǾ
Popusa was fried, music to load ( could not have conversation), rice tasted old, cabbage was not chopped up and very soggy. Will no be going to this establishment any time soon....My hunt continues for a good popusa.....Ǿ
The food is great! No doubt. So why the 2 stars? Part of the restaurant experience is the customer service. The waitress messed up our order, the food took a long time to come out and came out piecemeal. At the end there were $8 tacked onto the bill and when I asked about it I was told that the waters were $2 each. Not bottled waters, not even iced water with lemon; just plain filtered water from the fountain. No ice, just water, they had the gall to charge $2 a glass.  I will never.. NEVER darken this establishment's doorway again.Ǿ
This place is the best for popusas. Sad to say the location on 43rd and Thomas has closed And is now a mariscos restaurant.Ǿ
LOVED it here! If your a true pupusa lover you will get your fill here. Place is a little dirty and in the summer it gets real hot, but the food is absolutely worth it. Wish they had one in north Phoenix!Ǿ
I would have gave it a one star but I gave it a two for the simple fact that the food was good.. but the customer service was crap! It was my first time there and I have heard good things about their food, so I decided to invite my family. We get there and no one says anything... no hello or welcome. No one told us to sit down, but once we sat down the waitress comes over and doesn't say a word again. Just hands us the menu and asks us what we want to drink immediately, I haven't even got the chance to read what's to drink. I asked her for a Kolashampan and she didn't even know what drink that was, I had to point out to her what drink it was and what it looks like. Then she comes back and we order 6 revueltas... and she was already confused as to why one person wants 6 pupusas, when it was just 6 in total for my family and I to share.. so I had to break it down to her. I ordered empanadas for myself and she asked me how many I wanted and I asked her how many does an order of empanadas come with and she was confused and rudely said "well I don't know I'm new here".... well if you don't know simply excuse yourself and ask... without the attitude would be nice too... this place needs to hire more professional people. Not only does this place have rude unprofessional people, but it looks like a mess in there ! Besides the horrible experience I had, the food was decent. First and last time I'll be going here.Ǿ
Well I'll just start off with horrible customer service from the second you walk in the door the waitress looked at us and didn't say a word so we proceeded to sit ourselves down. When she brought our menus, again, she didn't say anything. So while we waited for her to come back i looked for a different restaurant and we left. Never coming back and i recommend you do not come here.Ǿ
I have been going to the pupusa loca for years, and have tried just about all of the different pupusa resturant  in the valley. This place is Authentic and although the ambiance and the area isn't five stars their food makes up for it! Everytime I go I have to order pupusa con loroco (a flower)  frijol, fried yucca, a drink can Chan and some fied fishies (I can't remember what they are called)....I forgot the fried plantains :-) Yuuuuuuuuuuummmmy!! I am not Salvadorian but my friends who are love going to this place.Ǿ
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Yes it's in the hood, yes the waitress doesn't give a crap about you, yes it's hella hot in there and yes it's full of "beanerish" drunk men just giving you the creeps BUT THE PAPUSA'S ARE THE BOMB!!! That is the only thing I have ever ordered there and will continue to go there!!