I am a nice person, and I prefer writing good reviews, and rarely want to leave something negative. But I gotta say, I've been here twice - with a good enough span of time in between both times, and I've been disappointed twice now. Actually, I attempted a third time in between the two different instances and was turned away - never have I been turned away by a small business. This was close to closing time, but still before, and though normally I would not want to keep people, I figured a small business such as JP Pancake could use the patronage.

At any rate - the last time I went, I ordered french toast - and what I got, I could have made better myself at home. Two tiny, flat pieces of toast, with hardly any flavor and forget presentation. Service was poor as the people waiting and cooking were unattentive and slow - not just to us but in terms of cleaning the tables of patrons who had already left. We walked in and it was litterally, find a table that wasn't strewn with dirty plates and glasses. It was not a pleasant site. And, just as we had been turned away the previous time we had attempted to visit this establishment, we watched them turn away an elderly man about 15 minutes to close.

It was just a bummer - I'm not sure who enjoys this place when literally right down the street is a fantastic breakfast place over and Hayden and Via de Ventura.

To break it down, I would not visit them again. They were:
- rude
- unattentive
- slow
- messy/dirty
- poor tasting food
- poor presentationǾ
We've been to JP a couple of times before, but this time we had the worst service I've ever had - ever. We were seated right away, had to wait 10 minutes for menus, then another 15 minutes before the waitress took our beverage and food order. We had to ask for silver ware 3 times and my husband never got his coffee cup refilled. It took about 20 minutes for the food to arrive, not bad, but mine was burnt. Another 10 minutes waiting for the check, and after waiting 15 minutes for the credit card to  be picked up, we paid cash instead and left. We won't be back.Ǿ
Impressed with a cheery hello as soon as we walked in.
 
Then, noticed the booth table needed scrubbing, it was sticky. Ketchup bottle very very dirty, floor dirty, windows dirty. It was a dirty place.

Food good, pancakes nothing special as the name might imply. We might give it another try to see if they have learned restaurant basics, like providing a clean restaurant for customers.

Place needs help.Ǿ
Avoid - Went on a Sunday morning, had a coupon from the entertainment book.  This place used to be owned by Flapjacks which is now in Fountain Hills.  First thing wrong is they have you seat yourselves which should not be especially when they are busy and they allow 1 person to sit in a booth made for 5.  The food was terrible, just okay about the same as Denny's nothing special.  The wait was longer then needed to be.  My dad's veggie omelet was sent to the wrong table and when they finally made another one, it came out lukewarm.  My mom's two over easy eggs with two gluten free pancakes - the eggs were cold and the pancakes rubbery like they put them in the microwave.  The waitress asked if we wanted to wait for the cook to make them again letting us know it would be a while as all the other customer's orders were first.  We elected not to wait.  My buttermilk pancakes, well let's just say they are much better at Chompie's or Randy's or even Mimi's or Village Inn.   People were walking out, because they did not have enough help.  Tables sat with dirty plates for more than 30 minutes while people came in and left because no one seem to care.  Not a good place, try other area restaurants for better friendlier service and people who care about the food.  We will not be going back ever.Ǿ
We decided to try this place when the line was wrap around the building at Butterfield's.  It was a pleasant surprise.  We have three small children and I would say it is very family friendly!  They have  a wide variety of pancakes and omelets with some very interesting flavors for pancakes.  I had the orange poppyseed and they were fantastic.  My husband said he would go back  just for the breakfast potatoes.  The prices are reasonable but not cheap.Ǿ
I must say that this place has some fine pancakes and waffles.  I first came here one Mother's Day when the place was packed and the service was awful.  I tried it again and was extremely satisfied.  The chocolate pancakes were simply outstanding.  The French toast as well.  The place normally has a wait, but is worth the patience.  The seating is substandard at best.  Not enough tables during the peak weekend hours, but the staff seems to function, nonetheless.

I am not sure why so many people give subpar reviews to this place.

The breakfast food is amongst the finest in the Valley.Ǿ
Ok, so I tried the one in Gilbert and gave it a terrible review because of the waitress and price of food. So a friend said to try the one in Scottsdale because the food is really good and there is a younger waitress that is spot on with the service.
This place is down right scummy! Don't eat here is you value your life. The wiatress no longer works there and good for her. She was smart enough to get out of this dump. This owner Chad is a jerk. So arrogant and sits around on his stupid phone while others are working. I really don't blame the wait staff. The apple bakes are suppose to be the best around. Sure if you like your food to put you in a diabetic coma. There was so much sugar, I am surprise it didn't give be diabetes right then. I had to ask for an egg over easy just to try to eat something good. After waiting for 30 minutes for one egg, wow. $2.25 for 1 egg. It's an egg with nothing in it or on it. My first review of this place was correct. NOOOOOOO Way, Never again!!!!!Ǿ
This restaurant is terrible.  We went because we got a 2 for 1 coupon. First of all, the place was empty on a Saturday morning. That was the first bad sign. The next bad omen were the prices. They charge $9,25 for an omelet. Then when the food came ingredients were left out of the omelet.  No explanation. When i mentioned it to the waitress, she said they ran out  but she didnt offer to make up for the error. Next my daughter ordered their specialty, the banana strawberry pancakes. Only problem; NO STRAWBERRIES!  Avoid this place. Go to Randys.Ǿ
Hands down this is the BEST breakfast place you will EVER eat at. My family and I eat at JPs at least once a week for breakfast. It is a very cute "mom and pop" type breakfast place with amazing pancakes. JP= Just Perfect Pancakes. They are super light and flavorful and they must have at least twenty different combos. The coffee is from a local brewery in Cave Creek and they are very child friendly. I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to anyone. :)

Be sure to wave to JP(actually his name is Chad) in the back cooking.Ǿ
The oven baked pancakes are insanely good. I want to go back and try all the different flavors at some point. You'll want to do the same once you've tried it. Trust. This place is known for their pancakes so make sure that is what you get. Everything else is pretty decent making the pancakes the bigger star of the show here.

My fiance and I decided to have our Sunday Brunch Day here since I had a LivingSocial deal that I needed to use. We arrived just before 10am and the place was busy. It's small in size so it feels even more crowded than it really is. The downside was the wait to be seated and have our orders taken which took quite a bit of time. But note that this is not because the staff was not hustling - they were - but the place was full and there was only one girl serving as hostess, waitress and busser all in one. We weren't surprised when it took awhile to be seated, to get our drinks and to order our food. But hey, I can't be mad at her since she was trying. Not her fault that there wasn't additional staff to help. 

Ultimately, we got our food order in and we were prepared to wait a little while longer because the oven baked pancakes are noted to take 20 minutes preparation. We ordered one pancake each - orange cranberry for me and banana for him. We added a side of bacon, two eggs and potatoes for us to share. We LOVED our pancakes and ate every bite. The eggs were a bit runny and undercooked for me but not something that would ruin our meal. The bacon and potatoes were decent - nothing special - but a good complement to our sweet pancakes.

So yes, service was slow but not unpleasant. Perhaps we'll try going at a different time when it's not peak weekend brunch hour but, even then, if we feel like one of their oven baked pancakes I'm pretty sure we'll brave the full house again if we need to. It's totally worth it.Ǿ
The food was excellent with large portions. I ate most of the banana pancake by myself. My Husband enjoyed the skillet as well. The waiter was super friendly!Ǿ
I had never heard of this place until I saw the coupon in the 2013 Entertainment book. My husband and I went at 10 a.m. on a Saturday. It is a small place in a strip mall with fewer than 20 tables. The place opens at 7:30 a.m. There is a sign outside that says wait to be seated, so we stood there until someone came and opened the door. She said come on in and is this table ok. We said fine and she said what would you like to drink....before seating us or showing us a menu or anything. So we said orange juice, not realizing they charge $2.25 for an 8 oz. glass with no free refills. She said they just got a rush of people so the wait will be about 15 minutes. We told her about the coupon and she questioned the expiration date and I explained that the year is 2012 so it doesn't expire for a nearly a full year. Then we waited....

And waited. Meanwhile, everyone else appeared to be waiting too. Then a couple came in and waited by the door to be seated. When a server finally noticed them standing there, he said "uh, I don't know where you're going to sit." and looked around in bewilderment. Another server came up and asked them to stand outside until a place opened up. The couple went outside, waited a minute, then just left. There were empty tables inside, but maybe the staff were waiting for larger parties to fill those seats. 

Our pancakes finally arrived, just 3 regular sized pancakes, which they charged $7.25 for. They were yummy, but it's pretty difficult to mess up basic pancakes anyway. They did accept the coupon finally and we ended up paying $13.62 for our pancakes and orange juice. I have never received such poor service at any restaurant before and will never be returning to JP Pancakes.Ǿ
I get the distinct feeling that the management and employees of JP Pancake just enjoy saying "No."  I had a Groupon a while back and it had expired.  Everyone knows you're supposed to still get the face value of the voucher taken off your bill.  Well... at JP Pancake they just give you half the face value off.  Groupon ended up giving me a full refund so I actually came out ahead.

They could not be less accommodating.  You have to pay extra for fruit as a side, even when they're out of everything else you'd potentially want.  Two stars for the food, I guess...They do have good baked pancakes, which you won't find everywhere, but I'm more of an egg person anyway.  

Oh and they just started their "summer hours" and they don't serve lunch in the summer, despite the fact that there's an entire page of lunch items still on the menu.  Perhaps they should get a summer menu, but that would just rob them of many opportunities to say No to people.

The atmosphere is pretty bad too.  If you can't get a table, you have to wait outside in the heat, because the dining tables take up the whole inside.  My turn to say No.Ǿ
This place is CLOSED  on Sunday October 20. The phone number (both on Yelp and in the door ) isn't working and the inside looks empty.Ǿ
This place seems like it would be nice, but quality is awful. Although the food is somewhat decent,  portions are small, food came out cold, and waiter was not polite (I think he was the owner as well). 
It is not the best place for breakfast...Pretty mediocre. 
Setting is very small, but clean.Ǿ
Good eats.  Small mom & pop setting, nothing fancy and it's great!  The oven baked pnackaes are worth the wait and the regular pancakes are awesome.Ǿ
Anything on the menu is awesome. The baked pancakes and omelets are amazing.  I wake up on Sunday morning with a craving for JP Pancake.  I would suggest getting there before 10 am on the weekend. It is a store front restaurant with close tables and in my opinion, WONDERFUL wait staff. I have always found them to be friendly and accommodating. If you want to ditch the corporate breakfast joint and want really excellent pancakes, eggs and other wonderful items, this is the place. I think their pancakes are the best anywhere. A few small outdoor tables.  It is not open on Monday.Ǿ
Great place for breakfest. When I worked in the area, we would go there for a pancake lunch.Ǿ
I have been coming to JP for all my breakfast needs for almost two years now since I stumbled upon the place. Service is amazing and very family owned feeling. Super laid back but still quick service. The oven baked omelets are to die for. I always get a ham and cheese omelet an am not a big ham eater but this ham rocks. Also comes with two pancakes that are so good, all you need is butter to devour them. Love love love this place. Any of the people that gave bad reviews to his place obviously came on a weekend morning when they are packed to the max with loyal regulars waiting in line. Best breakfast place in AZǾ
I'm so disappointed. This has been our favorite breakfast place for years. They used to have a reasonable amount of choices on their menu for vegetarians, including a great breakfast burrito. That option no longer exists with the advent of their new menu (they still offer non-vegetarian burritos), so I asked if the burrito could be made without meat. The cook said "NO". Why?? They would have come out ahead since the price was the same, and it would take the same effort and time to make the breakfast. Way to alienate a regular who now has no intention of returning. When a reasonable dietary request is made, why not grant it? 

The second star is for our waitress who really tried to help me, otherwise this would be a one star review. I have never left a review on Yelp before--that's how strongly I feel about the change in atmosphere at JP's. They say the management is the same, so I have no idea what happened to this place.Ǿ
Arrived there at Noon last week. The place was closed even though their sign says they are open until 1:00 PM.
They also had a sign on door stating they were no longer taking Entertainment Coupons.
The last time I was there they charged extra for "real" Maple syrup.. They were also out of waffle batter. Bacon was NOT crisp and well drained as requested.
Very disappointing. If you aren't very particular you might find it OK.
I will not be returning!
Too many other places with better attitude, service and quality of food etc.Ǿ
I learned about this place thanks to Groupon. The first time I went there was Jan 2 2013. We were on our way to the airport, dad had a flight out around 2 PM. I was pleased to see "Gluten Free" options in the menu. I forgot to tell Josh (our server) that we had a tight amount of time to eat. At the end I didn't need to let him know, the food took not long to come out.
The pancakes were great & so the bacon. My family was pleased with the food.
Even though they didn't have PB for my pancakes at that time, I knew I will go back!
Second time around was 1/25 and was very pleased when not only I was nicely greeted but also surprised to learn that now they do have PB!! 
Service was great as the time before and the food yummy!
Yep! I went back next day and took 2 friends along with! For sure I will go back!Ǿ
I would not recommend this place.  I asked for scrambled eggs and got some sort of fried looking egg that was not close to scrambled. When I attempted to return it the server told me that is how they make egg whites.  Very strange.  The bathrooms are in need of repair and are not clean either.Ǿ
We eat at their other location at Val Vista and Baseline.  Food is always terrific, they have the best sausages in town and the only great German Pancakes we've found.  Place is a little hole in the wall and nothing to look at, but we drive 40 miles for the food!Ǿ
I used to love this place but it seems to have gone down the toilet in the past few months. 

My husband and I have LOVED their "Famous French Toast" but the last time we went, the French toast was TERRIBLE! It seems like they changed the recipe or have new cooks who don't know what they're doing. It was caked with cinnamon which was burnt and if you've ever tasted burnt cinnamon, you know how gross it is. When we sent it back, it came with even more, as if they were pissed and piled it on just to get back at us for not liking it the first time. When we told her it wasn't good the second time, the waitress was sort-of apologetic but I think it was her boss (the owner) who made the crap so she didn't want to sent it back again and make waves. Being somewhat non confrontational, we paid the bill and went on our disappointed way. 

It's too bad that we no longer have our beloved JP. There are so many places to go for a good breakfast, you have to hire some decent cooks and treat your customers better.Ǿ
I also purchased a Groupon for this place a few months ago and it is set to expire this week.  So I called up a friend to meet me for breakfast today, a Saturday, and started on the 41.9 mile drive from Litchfield Park.  I was on their website yesterday and no where did it say anything about them being closed today, but when I got there all I found was a sign saying they were closed today, but would be open again Sunday.  That didn't really help me since I was so far from home and the Groupon wasn't good on Sundays.  Of course the sign was posted just to the side of the sign on the window that says they are open everyday...except today, I guess.  They also had signs saying they no longer accept Entertainment Book coupons, but if they put themselves in the book, they should honor it.  A third sign states that if you use your credit card for less than $10, they would charge you an extra $1 which is quite a bit more than the percentage they would be charged for a purchase so small.  From what I saw this place is on the fast track to shutting down for good...save your money.  However, The Joyful Chinese place in the same complex was delicious and a great deal for the money.Ǿ
Baked pancakes were worth the 20 min wait. Atmosphere and service were stellar.Ǿ
Do not, ever, go to this place. My friend and I were the only people in there (bad sign). Whoever the guy was that waited on us never even said good morning when we entered. The coffee had no taste whatsoever. If it had been a blind tasting, I would not have known it was coffee. The egg whites in my omelet were not completely cooked. The "fresh"  fruit that accompanied the omelet didn't look that fresh. I couldn't say for sure because, like the omelet, I didn't eat it.  I originally asked for home fries with my omelet, but was told it just came with fruit. My friend ate some of her blueberry pancakes. They were o.k. but not memorable. No care was taken with either the preparation or presentation of the food. This place should not be in business. We felt very uncomfortable there and couldn't wait to leave. We will not under any circumstances be back. When we got the bill, it looked as though the guy didn't charge me for the omelet. Nor should he have. Came home and fixed myself a nice piece of whole wheat toast and a decent cup of coffee in my Keurig.Ǿ
Went there with a coupon from Living Social - love using coupons to try new places (new places to us anyways !).  We went in and right off the bat the place seemed disorganized - no-one greeted us, no sign to say seat yourself, so we hung around and eventually decided to seat ourselves.  Lots of tables were waiting to be cleaned up, so we had very little choice of where to actually sit.  On the way to sit down we overheard the waitress tell one of the tables that they were short staffed today.  We sat for over 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us - we were on the verge of walking out.  We could see that one girl seemed to be working the tables and another guy seemed to be helping.  There were not that many tables, but still waiting 10 minutes to be acknowledged was a bit much.  We ordered drinks from the girl and then the guy took our food order.  We did enjoy our food, but it was not outstanding.  It did however, come out quickly.  The best thing we had were the chocolate chip pancakes - eggs, bacon and sausage were just OK.  Iced tea was not good.  During our time they did lose several customers who walked in and saw either tables taken or dirty and waiting to be cleaned and no-body greeting them so they just turned around and walked back out - not a good thing to happen as they will probably not be back.  For us, once we got our food after the initial long wait to order, it was good but not outstanding and since we live in old town not worth the drive for another try out - sorry.Ǿ
This restaurant sucks!!!!! The service is the worst I have ever seen. The food is nothing to talk about. The dining room is filthy, I actually went back out to my car to get a placemat for my daughter, since the table was so sticky. My daughter's milk didn't come out till after the food was there. Don't even bother with this place, not worth the wait or the calories. Ihop is wayyyyyyyy better!Ǿ
What happened to this great place? New owners? Was our favorite place to go - now is just plain BAD!!! "home made bread" for toast was thin, cheap store-bought, "thick cut challa" french toast was made out of the same crappy store-bought bread. Never got refills on my coffee, creamer curdled when put in my cup, Over easy eggs were over cooked, and to boot, the waiter looked like he just rolled out of bed and put on week-old dirty crumpled clothes. Gross! What a waste of a beautiful morning and $40.Ǿ
Dont eat here. We came because of a groupon deal but the service is bad and the food is meh. The greeter was super indifferent and we waited a long time for service at our table. The food was really greasy, the eggs were cold and cooked wrong and my boyfriend had hair in his fruit cup. When this was replaced, by the busser, no one ever apologized. No one even asked how the meal was at any point, but i'm assuming thats because they dont like the answers they get. The final insult to injury was that the waitress wrote in her tip on the bill with out any kind of disclosure. Very tacky, way too much breakfast competition in scottsdale to give this place even a first chance. Go to butters or chompies.Ǿ
Baked pancake was deflated and completely flat.  my wife did not like the apple pancake.  my raspberry pancake was ok.  Kind of small portion for $9.00. Coffee was good Servers were Ok, but the busser was more attentive. I would not return here for breakfast.Ǿ
I went there on 9.11.2011 to redeem a groupon.  Although my meal was discounted by half, it was still a terrible value. 

The place was dirty. The coffee was the most watered down, poorest tasting cup of joe I've ever had.  The coffee pot looked like it hadn't been washed in years.

I ordered pancakes and eggs scrambled well. Like other YELP writers, my eggs were runny on the inside. The pancakes were limp and mediocre, especially for a place that hangs their hat on their pancakes. 

I treat every meal like it's my last. If you value the experience of every meal you eat, you'll avoid this place like a 20-car pile-up on the I-10.  Best to go somewhere clean and consistent, like US Egg, Orig Pancake House, Cafe Zuzu, Dick's Hideaway or Herb Box.Ǿ
12/03/12

Hmm... I could've sworn I had written a review of this place before.  At the very least, I uploaded a few pics of our breakfast here many months ago.  Took my Mom to try the oven-baked pancakes once.  Do yourself a favor and pass on these!  Guess the review AND photos were taken down.  (Let's see how long this NEW review sticks before it's taken down, too.)

Cousin texted me yesterday and asked if I'd join her for breakfast at JP Pancake today, and I texted her back guessing that it was too late to warn her not to buy the Groupon... Yes, it was.  I thought it would be a good opportunity to see if JP had improved on its service and food prep.  As you can see, it hasn't...

We arrived around 7:35 am to see a deserted parking lot with the exception of one car parked in front of JPP.  It looked like we were the only souls there, besides our server and the cook in the kitchen.  I thought perhaps we'll get better service this time, since we were the only customers.  The young man asked us to sit wherever we wanted, handed us the menus and asked if we'd like some coffee or juice to start with.  I asked for coffee, while my two cousins settled on hot cocoa.  He said he'd see if they had any in the back first.  He came back a few minutes later with their mugs of cocoa (Swiss Miss and canned whip cream) and said he'd be back with my coffee.  Upon his return, we placed orders of a "Golden brown" waffle ($6.25), two full orders of French toast (one with strawberries, one with bananas, $7.95 per), and two sides of bacon (3 pieces each, $3.25 per).  I later asked if the side of ham is off-the-bone, and after consulting with the cook, he came back with a "yes."  I placed a late order of that, as well.  

While the service was good (food arrived fast, server checked back to see how we were doing), the breakfast we had wasn't as good.  Our French toast slices http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jp-pancake-scottsdale?select=Q5s2HavHzD9RrGJOUbx0NA#Q5s2HavHzD9RrGJOUbx0NA were very dry-- the menu stated challah bread, but I think it was more like cake, and the slices could've used a longer soak in the egg batter.  Out of the six halves on my cousin's plate, she only had one (and all but one of her berry slices!), while I had one slice and a quarter of another of my platter.  I would've suggested we share a plate, but she didn't want to get bananas, and I didn't want any berries...  As I've said, the only winner this morning was the waffle, and I think the dollops of butter had a lot to do with its success.  (Also, I brought my own bottle of organic pure maple syrup, since most restos offer up a non-organic cane and corn syrup blend.  My cousin tried mine first before trying the restaurant's own syrup, ditched that, and then used mine until she was finished eating.)  Their sides of bacon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jp-pancake-scottsdale?select=OP_6MgCnCpDWtxi8JJAijg#OP_6MgCnCpDWtxi8JJAijg were very costly, considering that these were very thin slices and VERY greasy (even for bacon!).  I wouldn't hesitate paying $3.50 for a very nice plate of THICK-SLICED bacon, all-natural even, but these were pathetic-looking.  As unfortunate-looking as they were, however, they did save breakfast for my cousins.  As for the miniature slice of ham http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jp-pancake-scottsdale?select=cHiSI19XYV1wUDemaXumCA#cHiSI19XYV1wUDemaXumCA I was presented with, I sent that back.  I may have been a fool to agree to waste my calories on a horrible breakfast this morning (thinking it was time to give JPP another chance for improvement), but I'm not that big a fool to allow my cousin to be charged another $3.25 for a paltry serving!

Also, zero props to our server who freaked my cousin out by hugging the wall by the kitchen with what I thought was the hope of keeping out of our vision while being able to hear our conversation without success!  Her sister confirmed seeing this behavior and thought it was very creepy, too.  I wished they'd alerted me sooner (by asking me to switch seats) so that I could see what they were talking about.  Overall, what a lousy way to spend $35* and a breakfast meal out!  :(

*Original ticket was just under $45, which showed the order charges totaling under $38 before tax.  If you account for Scottsdale's food tax of 8.95%, what was the extra $3, or so, for?  A hidden tip?  Finding this hidden charge was surprising, because our server did not know we were using a Groupon.  There was a sign on the door that stipulated that all Groupon customers will be charged an 18% tip at checkout, and my cousin did not mention her Groupon until we were given the check.  Perhaps, just perhaps, JPP assumes that all of their customers are Groupon-users?  Not far-fetched, since the Yelp reviews can't be helping JPP these days...Ǿ
What a great place for those of us who have to eat gluten-free.  However; I have a test and it has yet to fail me.  When I place my water order, usually with lime & light on the ice, I experience that when my water order is brought to me incorrect then our food order comes out incorrect.  And again my water test has yet to fail me.  I ordered strawberry waffles with whipped cream and a side of bacon BURNT.  I even expressed to our waitress that I do not like any life in my bacon.  Well...my order was received without strawberries & whipped cream AND my bacon was still moo-ing.  Needless to say, I had to send it back.  Bacon was okay but not nearly how I like it.  I guess they do not know the consistency of  "burnt".  I liked my food ... I just wish I did not have to send my food back.  Waitstaff needs to listen to their customers and inspect orders prior to placing it in front of the customer.  I am in the customer service industry and I do as I ask of others.Ǿ
Found this place because I bought 3 Groupons.  The first time we came here was the week after the Groupon came out, which is always a mistake because this place was filled to the gills!  We were lucky to snag a table for 4 after only a short 10 minute wait.  However, several people ahead of us left because of the wait.  The other 2 visits here were no problem, but that was because it was 4+ weeks later and the Groupon rush was over.

After 3 visits, here's my breakdown of the joint:

+We enjoy the Mom & Pop feel to the place.  It's cozy and comforting.

+The food is pretty good.  I've had the Pancakes, Breakfast Burrito, and Waffle.  All very very good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/V81Ahkb9QFlbEx4PoeRiyA?select=rFCTC-tGavGymtsmc-ddHQ

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/V81Ahkb9QFlbEx4PoeRiyA?select=MV3p0qgtMtc0j2wg-rItQA

+There's Gluten-Free options.  The Better Half enjoys those options even though she's not allergic to Gluten.

-The Coffee is terrible.  Watered down.

-The prices are a bit high, but considering the quality of the food isn't too bad.  Just don't expect to come in and get Denny's or IHOP pricing.  Let's just say I'm glad I had the Groupon.

Overall, we enjoyed our visits here.

Return Factor - 60%Ǿ
Found this on Yelp after top rated Butterfield's was jam packed.  There was no wait here.  There was one man waiting tables and two more in back.  What was very odd was that the waiter, who was the only staff member interacting with the customers, completely ignored not only my family and I when we entered (I was pushy and got a seat) but three more families that came in.  I saw him looking at them out of the corner of his eye but no verbal recognition at all so they all left.  It was quite odd.  The food was ok, I had a Western Omlette that was smallish and a little greasy.  The cooks in the backed seemed physically unkempt and wore no hair nets with longer hair.  Isn't that a rule?  Two stars for reasonably quick service and ok food.  I won't be going back.Ǿ
Good food. Crazy business on a regular basis. The staff is friendly but it appears they work on a skeleton crew.Ǿ
service was very slow and it wasn't that busy. I had an omelette it was ok but the single piece of toast was dry and over toasted, my friend had pancakes and loved them.
Groupon made it betterǾ
I would never go back here again. My husband, friend and I went after buying a Groupon and the place wasn't very crowded. The waitress took our order and said my husband couldn't substitute a Belgian waffle instead of pancakes with his omelette and then I was told they were out of home fries and it was only 10:30. She brings mine and my friend's food out and said she would bring silverware. Over 5 minutes later she brings the check and then my husband's food, still no silverware. I was pretty annoyed she brought the check before she had even served all our food. She said she would bring silverware then goes to take an order from another table, so we have to ask someone else. After finally getting some and being able to eat, I was really disappointed in the French toast. The bread was soggy and it had no flavor at all. The pancakes were ok, but nothing great. I was really disappointed and definitely would not recommend going here, not even with a coupon.Ǿ
THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE!!!!! Do not go!!! We had a GROUPON too like so many other reviewers. 

1st reason not to go: Sign that said certain items on the menu could not be ordered when using a GROUPON. 

2nd reason not to go: Sign that said they will automatically add an 18% tip when you use a GROUPON. That way they can give you the worst service imaginable with no consequences because they know they automatically get a good tip regardless. 

3rd Reason not to go: Sign hat says they no longer accept Entertainment Book Coupons.  I would be really ticked off had I driven all the way there to use one of those coupons only to arrive and be told they are no good. 

4th reason not to go: Sign that says you will be charged $1.00 extra if you use an AMEX.  What the heck? Seriously??!? 

5th reason not to go: Server's appearance was not professional.  She had to be in her late 40s and had pigtails, a headband that looked like it came straight from the 80s, etc.  She looked like a little girl.  Weird. 

If those reasons aren't enough, the store hours are peeling off the window & apparently aren't accurate anyway because they said they closed @ 2pm.  My friend and I arrived at 11:30am for our breakfast & we were totally RUSHED out of there.  The waitress blatantly expressed her displeasure when I ordered a refill of Diet Coke - so much so that it prompted my friend to ask, "Are you getting ready to close or something?"  The waitress said yes & that they were usually open until 1pm (Remember, the window's hours said 2pm), but that today they were closing @ noon because they had a piece of kitchen equipment out of order, & they had someone coming to fix it.  It would have been nice of her to mention we'd only be given a 1/2 hr to scarf down our food before we sat down to eat.  I was SO ANGRY!  

I think she was lying about the repair person too because before I even got my newborn baby buckled into his car seat, the waitress turned out all the lights, locked the front door of the restaurant, and all but ran to her car.  She sped off.  If there really was a repair man, wouldn't she need to let him in, wouldn't he need light, etc??!?  I'm convinced she just wanted to leave early.

In conclusion, I very rarely wish ill on a family owned business as my husband and I have a small business ourselves, but I honestly hope the next time I drive by, this place will have gone out of business to save the remainder of the Phoenix Metro population from having a torturous breakfast experience.  

I can't say the food was great either.  After all, I was forced to eat so quickly, I had no time to evaluate its taste.Ǿ
Two words - Apple Pancake. The boyfriend and I visited JP Pancake a few weeks ago on the recommendation from a friend. We liked it so much we went back the next morning. On Saturday I got the regular pancakes and he got blueberry. Both were excellent but when we saw the apple pancake at the table next to us, jealousy set in. And the guy at the next table said it was really good.
We decided to see if that guy was right and went back on Sunday. He was right. The apple pancake is awesome. It's an oven baked pancake, often called a dutch baby or as I like to say a pannekoeken. So it comes out of the oven all puffed up and then falls as it cools. It's kinda like eating an apple pie for breakfast. Delish. One of my new all-time breakfast favorites. I almost hate to tell people how good it is because the wait wasn't bad and if word gets out that means I have to wait longer. But I also want this best kept secret to stick around so here I am.

As for the woman who said the staff was rude, we found them to be snarky, fun and like an old friend. I guess we have sarcastic friends.Ǿ
Bought a LS deal-- my hubby and I were starving so we both ordered the french toast that came with bacon and eggs.  The french toast was just OK.  I've made better had home.  On a plus side, everything else was quite good.  Service was great as was the coffee.  As I looked around, I saw many people ordering the signature item, the oven-baked pancake and it looked sooo good!  I really wished I hadn't been so impatient and waited to try it.  At least I found another reason to go back!Ǿ
Omg! The oven baked pancakes are heavenly and worth the 20 wait. They could use another waitress, but the food is worth it.Ǿ
I came here with a girlfriend with a coupon from the Entertainment book. I am a sucker for pancakes, so I was excited. My friend thought it was great that they offer alot of gluten-free options (including pancakes). I am not gonna lie, I wasn't adventurous enough to go the gluten free route. I had the two egg with french toast breakfast. It came with a choice of bacon or sausage...I chose the sausage link. Easily the most tender sausage link I have ever had....delicious. The eggs weren't anything special but good. I was pretty disappointed in my challah bread french toast. It was way too dense and bland tasting. French toast is one of my favorite things to eat so I was pretty bummed out. The server was really great and attentive. I am fairly certain I wouldn't go back as there are closer breakfast spots to my work that I enjoy way more (Over Easy, Breakfast Joynt).Ǿ
Also bought the Groupon and I loved the place. It's every bit as good as Butterfields, but without the noise and the 45 minute wait. I got an oven-baked peach pancake and it was amazing. My only criticism is that they only give you those little preservative creamer thimbles instead of fresh half and half. Everything else is awesome though. My boyfriend and I thought it was so good we went back again and will definitely keep coming back.Ǿ
Feels like a locally-owned family-run joint.

Our first visit was last weekend, and a couple of old farts stole the table we were waiting for... and then told me "we were here first" - apparently they didn't notice us waiting by the front door when they walked in. Either way, the staff is really friendly, pancakes are amazing and their omelettes are perfect.

If you're ever in this area check it out. ...and bring a bat for the old people.

UPDATE - Dropped by here a couple times during the week. The weekday experience is plain depressing, it's empty, no atmosphere, one slow waitress with no personality. Hate to say it, but I don't think this will make it. PLEASE clean this place up and turn it around before it's too late - Food alone will not make it. Did ownership change recently? I gave it 4-stars originally.Ǿ
I hate being a Negative Nelly. But, here goes. I do not know how this place stays in business. I'm gonna keep this brief. Husband and I went there for breakfast on a Sunday morning. Kind of a cute place, a few tables filled, etc. High hopes since this is within biking distance from home. Order drinks, food. Me: Spinach bacon omelet and home fries He: 2 eggs over easy with home fries and toast. Server informs us out of taters. Huh?! 11 am on a Sunday? Out of a major breakfast staple!?I should have left right then and there. I'm from the Midwest and I need my taters! Alright fine. I get a choice of toast or fruit. I say I would like both since you are out of the taters. She leaves, comes back and says: "We are going to have to charge you for the toast." Say what? You are charging me $9.25 for an omelet and potatoes. You just told me there are no potatoes. That is like half the meal! And you can't throw in a couple cheap pieces of bread to make up for it?! Sorry. No I will not pay extra for toast. No I will just go home and write a yelp review instead. Omelet came, it was dry and boring. My 8 year old could have done better. With tip, this "delightful" meal came to $27. (I do not believe in punishing the server for things out of her control.) Rip off of the year. Will never, ever go back.Ǿ
Service was excellent. We loved our food. Probably the best pancake I ever had. Eggs and potatos perfect. Coffee good diner style. Love this place and the people.Ǿ
I don't eat breakfast often, but when I do, I like it to be large, filling, and cheap.  That being said, I was disappointed in JP for two reasons -  service and value.  Although the pancakes are excellent, the breakfasts are overpriced for what you get.  My bacon was undercooked, but the personable waitress volunteered to take the bacon and have it cooked some more.

Even with that, the service was terrible.   Once she served the customers, she would play cards with the cook. I had to remind her that she took my bacon to be recooked; and also had to ask for a refill on my coffee. I guess the card game was too fascinating!

Although this location is not far from where I live, I doubt I will be going back.Ǿ
I bought the groupon as many others have stated. I noticed when I printed out the groupon that over 1000 had purchased it and began to get nervous as this looked to be a small place- but I *love* breakfast so I went in hoping for the best.
I have tried 5 different times now to get in and get a table and every time has ended badly. I tried a Saturday at 8am and 10am both times I stood there for about 15 minutes before realizing that it wasnt going to happen within any amount of reasonable time, so I figured I'd try back on a different day and maybe it wouldnt be as crowded. 
I tried a Monday and a Wednesday as well, both with similiar results.

Now I dont mind if the place is going to be busy, as long as it looks like things are running smoothly and organized. Every time its a complete mess in there. Horribly disorganzied, tables sit empty for way too long before they realize they can seat people waiting. One guy is doing all the orders, and he's a mess, running around in circles. I don't mean he's not trying his best, but seriously, with that many people trying to eat, GET MORE HELP!

This is a complete mess- I will eat my groupon before trying to go back here.
*sigh*Ǿ
I was in the area and I remember I used to go to this place about  5 years ago.  It was blah.  Nothing special.  There was only one waitress for a Saturday morning crowd.  That should have been my first clue.  She was nice enough, but it was still early.  There were only 4 tables with patrons, so I think she was managing.  I had the french toast, what can I say, it didn't taste like challah dipped in the egg mixture as they claim.  Not bad, but it was your run of the mill dinner french toast.  Usually when I am going to blow my calorie budget, I want it to be worth it. Now I just feel guilty and want to hit the treadmill.  I know I won't be coming back with the twins either, because the couple that came in while I was finishing my breakfast requested a high chair and the waitress told them all the straps in the high chairs where broken.   I need to make sure I keep my little rug-rats strapped if we don't want chaos.Ǿ
Food is great but the last time i went the cook was sick and coughing up a storm and was not washing his hands i had to leave with out eating my food.Ǿ
I just received an email from the owners saying they just read my review and they are sorry and hope that I'll give JP Pancake another chance since they have new waitstaff.  I thought that was nice of them and I seriously thought about going back.  Then I wanted to read my review again since it's been over 6 months.  That's when I noticed that the same owner that wrote to me also is someone who wrote a "stunning" review giving JP Pancake 5 stars.  (A.B.   also known as Amber and Chad Dahl who own JP Pancake)

Now I'm sure it is not against the rules to write a review for yourself, but I kind of think that's like voting for yourself for Homecoming Queen.  I just don't think that's right!  It throws off the ratings of everyone else who is judging your restaurant.  I think it's kind of scummy that they did that.

Now I definitely will not return to this dirty, dingy place.   :(Ǿ
Worst breakfast I have ever had!!!
40 minute wait to take our order. Then the bacon was undercooked, my scrambled eggs were fried eggs they chopped up, and the Belgian waffle was a thin little waffle I could have made better at home. The syrup was super sticky sweet, too. I could not eat most of my meal.  I was home not 5 minutes before I got violently sick. I'm calling the health department on the morning.Ǿ
Like many others, I bought the Groupon. Won't ever pass up a breakfast Groupon! Plus it's very close to my house. I had seen this place before in passing, so I was pretty excited to try it.

It is a VERY tiny place. Tables are very close together, so if you don't like people, you probably shouldn't go here! I wish I could give it 3.5 stars. My meal was good, but it's hard to mess up simple things like bacon, eggs and waffles. My eggs were kinda brown though.  I also cannot stand places that don't have fountain soda machines. My "coke" was a can of coca-cola poured into a glass with ice, which is a big no no  for me. The other half of my complaint is that my boyfriend's blueberry oven baked pancake looked NOTHING like they are supposed to. They are supposed to look raised and fluffy, but this was completely flat and looked bad. He SAYS it was good, though. but still, if everyone else's looks awesome, how come ours looked like a regular pancake? Chef Ramsay would of been sad at the presentation.

I think I would come back, but not without a coupon.Ǿ
I love this place and always take people with me to share the delicious experience. The food is fantastic, the service is good and I can always walk in and grab a table. I wouldn't hesitate to go back as often as I could even if it is located far from where I live. Try the pigs in a blanket, the breakfast burritos or the oven baked pancakes. All the food is amazingly good.Ǿ
Thought we would try a new breakfast place and after checking Yelp near our house JP Pancake popped up.  We saw more negative than positive reviews so initially passed; however, our normal place was really busy so thought it would be fun to try something new.  Went into it with low expectations and have to say was pleasantly surprised.  

Decor is fun, simple and feels very family owned (which is a good thing).  Waitress (good customer service) recommended we try the oven baked pancakes.  We had our kids with us so she kindly let us know it takes 20 minutes to bake.  If you are in a rush or have crazy kids with you (as we did) make sure you order the baked pancakes as soon as you arrive.  We went with the apple pancakes and they were REALLY good.

We would have given JP Pancakes a 4 star due to the apple baked pancakes; however, some of the other menu items we tried were not as good.  The home fries were fine just a little too oily and needed seasoning.  My kids had a gallon of syrup (just because they like to make their parents super nuts when hopped up on sugar) with a side of pancakes, sausage, and bacon.  They said they liked it so that is good as they are somewhat breakfast snobs.  The kids menu had good choices and prices were fair ($3/order).

If you are up for trying a unique baked pancake experience give JP's a try.Ǿ
Great breakfast joint!! Friendly staff... Best pancakes I have found in the valley!!
Cool local art for sale on the walls.
I dont mind making the drive from old town for this breakfast!!Ǿ
OK, I have to admit I'm having a hard time writing this review.  JP Pancake has been one of my family's favorites for years.  They have always been light on the service side but the amazing food made up for it and I always made sure to pack activities for the kids (they don't provide anything like other family restaurants do).
Unfortunately, the last several times we have dined here, the service has been absolutely atrocious!  In all fairness, the individuals working the front really are trying their best but it seems as though the owner has decided to cut costs by only providing one person to run the entire front area.  (Keep in mind, we eat breakfast out on Sunday mornings so we are talking the busiest weekend timeframe.)  It is literally impossible to run a restaurant with one person doing all the seating, bussing, orders, etc.  Granted it is a small restaurant but not that small.
Having said that, the food really is AMAZING!  My personal favorite is the blueberry pancakes with any of their omelettes coming in second.
Definitely worth a try - just make sure to come with lots of patience.  Your tummy will be rewarded.Ǿ
I'm of the opinion that breakfast is pretty hard to fuck up. If you're not ordering something hoity toity, the following formula applies: hot grill+eggs+meat+carb= breakfast. My stomach and I are proud to say inform you that J.P. Pancakes has mastered that formula. They even include some variables in the equation that will knock off your socks and spin them around your head.

It's the small, innocuous looking restaurant in a large strip mall, sandwiched between an Italian restaurant and whatever the hell was on the other side. It's not much to look at, but when the food is this good, it really doesn't matter. Just stick with it until your meal comes. And don't let the constant loop of incredibly shitty KYOT style smooth jazz scare you away. They're willing to turn the volume down, because the waitresses think it's pretty much shite as well.

They're known for their pancakes (duh), but I wasn't really in the mood for a sweet breakfast. I will definitely be coming here the next time that urge strikes though. Their oven baked fluffy cakes looked superb and come in apple, blueberry, strawberry, banana, german and german nutty varieties. Wowzer. There were even more regular pancake and Belgian waffle varieties, as well as traditional breakfast combos and omelets with some pretty cool stuff in them, like avocado or feta cheese. 

I opted for the Hong Kong Omelet, with sausage, wild mushrooms, onions, Monterey jack and cheddar cheese. Ohmygod. It was delicious and HUGE. The mushrooms were gigantic, like portabella size, because they were diced into big old pieces and you could hardly discern the shape of them. The bacon was thick and crispy and the sausage was also delicious. Mr. Man got it on the side with his breakfast. Let's just say it looked pretty phallic, more like a bratwurst than a little link sausage. You'll feel slightly dirty taking a succulent bite out this sucker.

Which brings me to the homefries. They are quite possibly some of the best side order potatoes I have ever had with breakfast. Crisp, small little squares seasoned to perfection. They were delicious alone, but perfection when sprinkled with hot sauce. I'm salivating just thinking of them right now. They were that freakin' good.

It's a little on the pricey side ($9.25 for my omelet and homefries, $8.25 for eggs, meat and fries) for breakfast, the ambiance kinda sucks, and it's located in the hell of old people infested Scottsdale suburbs (side note- we got to see some old biddy drive down the wrong part of the road, twice!) but their mastery of the breakfast art is truly something to wonder at. If nothing else, go for that. You won't walk away disappointed.Ǿ
My favorite meal of the day is breakfast so I'm always on the lookout for new, LOCAL-owned restaurants opening as I'm always in the adventurous mood to try... well I saw this advertised on Groupon (although I didn't buy the coupon) I made not of this new establishment expanding to Mesa and couldn't wait to give it a try.
I was NOT disappointed!! The food was absolutely splendid and the breakfast potatoes are second to none... I could have had a plate of just these (unhealthy I know, but decadence... oh my!!)  The apple-smoked bacon was thick and cooked perfectly and the eggs were wonderful.  The highlight was the pancakes that my guest ordered and I had half... they were crisp on the outside and VERY soft on the inside... not quite sure how they griddle them this way, but I loved it.  Another stand-out is their coffee... in fact it was so good that it tasted like the beans had just been roasted in the kitchen... it was that FRESH!!  I asked the waitress about the coffee and she was so informative and told me it was Stella Bleu and that they get it freshly roasted every 3-4 days from a shoppe in Carefree... all I can say it was absolutely delicious and I'd go back just for the coffee and with the food being so great, it's a bonus!!
I have since gone to their Scottsdale location and the food was just as wonderful, in fact the owner is very hands on and actually personally hand-makes the bread items.  I can see from other reviewers that they don't like the ambiance and I can certainly understand it. The Mesa location is VERY hard to find and the restaurant is lay out / floorplan is odd & the Scottsdale location is in a strip mall and the owner definitely makes the most of the real estate space he is probably paying a fortune for, but once you try the food you really won't care...  upon reading the other reviews I decided to go at 12:30 on a Sunday and there were only 4-5 other couples / families there, so it wasn't overcrowded at all... so if space and privacy are important to you, just go at times that others won't.
The only other complaint (if that is even what you call it) is that they're only open until 1pm... wish they were open until 2:30 or 3pm... as I like to eat breakfast later in the day sometimes, but other than that... ANOTHER GREAT breakfast option / addition to the Arizona landscape!!Ǿ
Omelet was thrown together & they were out of mushrooms & tomatoes at 10am on Sat.  Jelly was like glue.  Server was unpleasant like she didn't want to be there.
Will not return & shouldn't be a Groupon as their businesses are usually good quality.Ǿ
I brought a groupon deal for this place a few months back. You know those groupons you buy that end up being totally regrettable- enough so that you take to the internet to type a review on Yelp to help other unsuspecting patrons avoid the mistake you made? Yep, that's what I'm doing right now. 

This place is not near our house at all, so I bought a cup of coffee on the road with my husband. As we walked up to the establishment, the coffee police.....errr.... JP Pancake staff intercepted me outside and demanded I throw my coffee away "That's not allowed inside here, you must purchase our coffee if you are going to have any with your meal". Seriously?? I hadn't even stepped off the parking lot asphalt yet. Give me a sec. Her demand was loudly done in front of other patrons sitting on the patio. It was embarrassing and made me feel like I was being scolded like a child. Of course I wouldn't have brought my coffee inside. The trash can was still 15 feet away from me- let me leave the parking lot to get to the trash to throw it out, woman!  It set the tone for the rest of our regrettable breakfast.

The inside of the establishment was small. It appeared clean, but I immediately noticed our table was sticky. We were sat at a table practically on top of  somebody else. Upon opening the menu- everything was obviously overpriced. No special ingredients listed that could contribute to an elevated place. Just the Scottsdale zip code and poor management.

I ordered pancakes. They arrived late and cold. On the positive side, I know they were fresh......... because they were completely raw in the middle. Mine actually ran with pancake batter. I'm not exaggerating. I'm not a fan of raw pancakes. I ate around the sides of the pancake that were better cooked and threw away more than half of my overpriced plate.

They are not accommodating even to cover for their own poor planning problems. I had asked for fruit on the side and they said I would have to pay extra. Normally this would be fine- but if your restaurant is out of the 2 other sides I had requested before settling on the fruit, a respectable place would serve the fruit without the upcharge.

Back to the coffee incident- I did buy coffee after the coffee police demanded I dump out my throw away travel cup. I would have bought their coffee anyway and would never bring my own cup into a restaurant- just didn't need the insult when I hadn't even reached the door to throw it out. Their  coffee was terrible- tasted burned and weak. They also ran out of cream and sugar substitute. It seemed as though they just ran out of food they day we came- and made no attempt to rectify the situation. 

To sum it up- nothing was worth coming back. The coffee police really pushed it over the edge for me. Rude customer service, bad food (that was actually available- b/c a lot was "out"), bad seating.

Save yourself the trouble- never come here.Ǿ
I went there for my first time today.  I've heard good things about JP Pancake, so I decided to check it out.  

I ordered an egg white omelette with vegetables and a side of buttermilk pancakes.  The omelette was terrible!  It was drenched in butter.  My omelette looked more like scrambled eggs sitting in melted butter.  I couldn't finish more than half.  The pancakes were pretty good, but nothing special.  My boyfriend ordered blueberry waffles and said they were decent.

I'm disappointed because I know a lot of people who really like this place.  Maybe I came on a bad day or something, but I don't plan on returning.Ǿ
Food- always fresh and delicious.

Service- friendly and relatively fast, but 1 server on a Sunday morning(?!), yikes. 

Price- a little pricey for breakfast fare, but not crazy. 

Overall- a small hole in the wall breakfast joint w/ some decadent pancakes/waffles/frenchtoast, that's worth trying.Ǿ
Like many of the other Yelpers here, I came to JP Pancake because I bought a Groupon, twice.
Each time, the service has been sub-par to the point of frustrating.  From my perspective it's a management problem - they don't have and/or schedule enough staff.  
On the most recent visit, we were seated by a server and never given menus or silverware.  A busser ended up taking our drink order about 5 minutes after sitting down.  The coffee was not good.  After about 10 minutes from getting our drinks the waitress came over and asked if we were ready to order - we didn't have any menus...or silverware.
We finally ordered an omelette and french toast.   The food was good once we got our silverware.
Basically, this place gets overwhelmed easily.  You're best bet would be to go on a Tuesday morning or something - or just don't go at all.
 
There are 100 better places to get breakfast around here - put this place on the back burner.Ǿ
I was once a huge fan of JP Pancake...  But the key word is WAS.  Today's experience was as flat as, Well, a pancake!  I asked if management had changed, or if they had gotten a new cook.  They responded no.  Same as always.  But I can tell you something has most definitely changed...  Quality and portion sizes has gone down significantly.  I am so disappointed that the greatness has vanished.Ǿ
I ordered the Apple Oven Baked Pancake.  I was really really hoping to be wow-ed.  I was mediocre-d.  The service was really great and the waitress super polite.  Liked the feel of a mom and pop shop, but a little disappointed with the overall taste of the food.  I will try again and order a different oven baked pancake.Ǿ
Purchased a Groupon and even waited a month before trying to redeem. It didn't matter the wait was 30-45 minutes so we decided to wait, outside in the cold! While I was waiting I noticed a sign on the front door that said a gratuity of 18% would be added to all Groupon customers. I have been a long time Groupon customer and have never seen that before. Is that even legal? Especially since it isnt stated anywhere on the Groupon. It is called a gratuity people! And who do they think they are telling me how much I have to leave as a tip. In general my husband and I leave 20%+ depending on the service. So I guess they lost out there. Its just the principle! After waiting 35 minutes to get seated and another 10 to order we finally ordered only for me to find out they were out of what I had wanted. The main thing they did that really showed me that customer service was important to them was they actually gave my husband and I our Groupon back after eating so we could come back and try them again. I will let you know how it goes next time...........More to comeǾ
I received a groupon to eat at JP Pancake and since I had never heard of it before I looked it up on yelp first. The reviews were pretty mixed. Unfortunately I would say this is the worst dining experience I have ever had. 

We got there on a saturday at about noon.We were told to sign in at the front and we went outside to wait to be seated. we were sitting at a table outside and were brought menus and drinks by the busser about 10 minutes later. Although we didn't really want to sit outside, it just happened that way. We were never asked to go sit inside or where we would like to sit for that matter. About 15 minutes later the waiter/hostess took our order. I really wanted to try that oven pancake but we had already waited a while and I just wanted to eat. I ordered the waffle combo and added blueberries. Came with 2 eggs and 2 slices of bacon. My fiance ordered the #1 burrito. What we thought was our food came out somewhat quickly...however, there was another table outside and that was their food. Ours followed right behind. No big deal, we just switched plates.

 Our table was missing syrup and silverware so the waiter told us he would be right back with it. We waited for it...eventually my fiance just got up and got our syrup. The waiter then noticed we needed silverware and finally brought that. He offered to bring another cup of coffee as well and never ended up bringing that. 
My bacon was limp and my scrambled eggs were runny and smelled like fish. Absolutely disgusting. My waffle was nothing special. I would have been happier with an eggo. The breakfast burrito was decent at best. The potatoes in it were still hard. The other couple outside with us mentioned their food was horrible as well. 

They closed at 1 and numerous people were turned down to eat there after about 12:30 and told that they were out of food. Several people left upset.

I will never be back to see if this place gets any better.Ǿ
I try to write in depth reviews so others can get a real sense of my experience. But this experience was so very OKAY I don't have much to say so here it goes. 

I ordered: coffee and Sunrise combo: 2 eggs any style 2 buttermilk pancakes and 2 strips of bacon. total cost: $10.25 

The coffee was pretty non descript along with everything else. I feel like they purposefully bought cheap old furniture so it looks like it has been established for 25 years. 

Pancakes had decent flavor but there was no crispness to them, I got my eggs scrambled. They came out as some 4 inch radius circle of scrambled something and very undercooked. Bacon sufficiently crisp. 

The staff was pleasant but I kinda felt like I was being rushed out although there weren't any patrons waiting or coming in. 

I won't be running back.Ǿ
We went to JP's for breakfast with a Groupon and  were shocked to find out that not only could we not use the Groupon to get burritos or omelets, but  there would be an 18% gratuity added to the bill.  I don't mind that places have restrictions but the management should make sure then they are listed, and i don't mean just on a sign at the establishment.  Now about the food, it was OK and i don't just mean for the price. As for the price, it is priced for the area  not for the quality.  As for the staff, they were OK but could benefit from watching  some episodes of Restaurant Impossible for some tips.  If you are in the mood for a place that is just average and don't have to travel far to get there, then don't hesitate to stop by this place.Ǿ
Very bright and open feel in the dining room.

Nicole was my server.

Chorizo breakfast burrito; good size, plenty of meat and potatoes

I asked for only bananas and strawberries, rather than the normal fruit cup, however, the fruit should be mixed a bit before serving.

Prices are kinda steep ($9.25 for the burrito) so I won't likely go back soon, or often.

Good experience.Ǿ
I wouldn't want to fully draft my true thoughts here, however, "very bad" may suffice.  Here's the run down: coffee flavor was marginal, the 3 egg omelette was very small for that quantity & lacked most of 4 requested ingredients, their signature baked pancake is over priced-wafer thin with more sugar than flavor, but the home fries were excellent.  Overall, no need to return.  Thank God I went with a Groupon.Ǿ
Food was really good.  Oven baked pancake was crazy good. Atmosphere was a little odd as it was uncomfortably quiet ....no music made it very easy to hear everyone's conversation as tables are so close together