What caught my eyes, when I stepped into this place, was the Texas style oil companies' signs... there was a fairly long line up and a Lady was ordering perhaps 20-25 sandwiches... should I have waited or not? Definitely yes... I enjoyed every single bite of my Evil Twin sandwich... the owner is a nice guy with welcoming attitude. Give this place a try and you will never regret... Nothing less than Texan Style BBQ... DELICIOUS笑
Pork Slaw sandwich was excellent! Portion size was very generous. The owners are extremely friendly. Will definitely be going back!笑
Was looking for a nice BBQ place in Mississauga and saw that this place had some good reviews. The shop is small but it is warm and inviting. The shop owner is really nice and I enjoyed talking to him. The first time I went there I had the Beef Brisket sandwich. It was really good! The sauce was sweet and tangy. It was also a nice consistency, it wasn't too runny or messy. The meat was tender and cooked wonderfully. The bread was fresh and fluffy. I really enjoyed it. The second time I went to the shop I tried the Pulled Pork sandwich, I also really enjoyed it. The pork was cooked well and tasted delicious! I thought it was a little better than the Beef Brisket! My mother also tried the chicken and said it was really good! I will definitely be returning to this place.笑
Great food! This place is a hidden gem around Mississauga and am glad its not far from where we live. We ordered one Rib dinner (3 pieces of ribs, fries, and corn bread) and pulled pork sandwich with a side of poutine and it was all savoury and oh so good that a second, third, or many more visits is a must.

The place is rather small so theres not a lot of seats if your coming with a group of people, fyi. Majority of their customers do take outs most of the time.

Anyway, if your around from here and you like bbq ribs then definitely check them out. Make sure to use the 10% coupon code here in Yelp if your paying by cash.笑
Amazing place brisket lip smacking good. A must try. You will love like we all have and still do.笑
Was here from Indiana. ..heard this was good...I must say big things come in small packages. ..The restaurant was small but the sandwiches were big...very good...oh my I had to restrain myself...I had the pork and slaw sandwich. ..delicious. ..笑
Friendly owners as advertised!
Decent portions and prices unlike those hipster joints that keep popping up in the GTA, this is your classic family run establishment.

Ordered the pulled pork sandwich a little on the dry side but good balance of smoke and flavour, right amount of sauce.  Mac and cheese, heaven in a container and was what everyone was ordering. Ordered the smoke farmer sausage as well, was very good. Along with the Mac and cheese, the chili cheese fries were a hit.

Will not hesitate to come back, pulled pork was the only thing holding back the 5 stars.

4.5/5笑
My husband and I both got the pulled pork with slaw. It was pretty good, but I would definitely share it with someone next time. It was a lot of burger for one person. The fries were fresh cut and delicious. They had some kind of seasoning on them so I didn't even need ketchup.  The person  working wasn't overly friendly, but he wasn't rude. I would like to try their ribs so I will likely go back for them.笑
I was heading out to Etobicoke when I remember reading reviews about this place, so I convinced my dad to come eat with me.

The place looks a little dingy and small. There aren't many places inside to sit other than a small two seater table and a bar area around the window. I suspect most people order to go.

We ordered the pulled pork sandwiches with one as a combo. As I ate it, I could tell nothing particularly special about it although my dad seemed to thoroughly enjoy it. It is a lot of meat for your dollar though so bang for buck it is spot on. The sauce is good, nothing particularly special. I would have liked more smokey flavor. Overall it's a good sandwich, not spectacular, but it definitely hits the spot. Maybe I'll try the beef brisket next. Having a combo proved to be too much food for the two of us. Next time I'll stick to just the sandwich.

The owner was very friendly and inviting. 

Overall, it's a good sandwich if you're in the area.笑
Based on the great reviews, I decided to give this place a try.
Was not disappointed.  The owners asked if I'd been there before and asked how I'd heard about them.  Apparently the email we've all received has drummed up some business for them and they seemed pleasantly surprised and grateful about it.  They were very friendly and requested feedback on the food.  I had the pulled chicken and my bf had the pulled pork.  The flavour was  intense and smokey, and the meat was tender and messy and yummy!  The homemade cole slaw and potato salad are a perfect side to cool down your palate if you choose to spice it up.  
The place is small, sits about 6-8 but obviously it's mostly take out.  I was starvin' Marvin and decided to dine in.
Drop in, let's support the mom & pop shops!笑
Excellent

I hate Mississauga, its the epitome of crappy suburbia, but I will definitely be back here, the service was warm and friendly, and they seem incredibly thankful for the increased business due to BlogTo and Yelp and other websites.

I had the Evil Twin and Mac N Cheese (see my pics)

The Mac N Cheese was tasty, nothing super incredible, but just good warm gooeyness.

The Evil Twin (Brisket and Pulled Pork) was GIGANTIC. Stuffed with so much meat, I knew I would not be able to finish it. It probably could have used more sauce, but the meat was tender and delicious so I didn't mind.

I loved it. Go here for the meat and service! (thats what she said) :)笑
Had the pork sandwich with slaw and fries. Sandwich was delicious, well cooked, really good bbq sauce. Fries were awesome. You need to come hungry, sandwich was really big and fries were really generous.  Owner is super friendly.  I will be back.笑
This is one for Yelp, as I would never have gone to this place had I not seen a review sent to me via the regular emails Yelp sends out.

I dragged four of my co-workers along with me and needless to say, we were NOT disappointed.

The place itself is located near a couple of heavy hitters in the Pho-restaurant category (Pho De Bo and Pho Mi), and right next to a Vietnamese bakery (Banh Mi!!!)...but I digress.

The owner, a very nice gentleman who was clearly passionate about his craft, recommended the Pulled Pork "n" Slaw sandwich.  I got there about 12:30P.M. and he mentioned that he had just taken some pork out of their smoker, which he proudly showed off.  (Dude, you had me at SMOKER!!)

I told him that I hated slaw, in any of its forms (KFC Canada green or the regular kind).  He apologized, and gave me a little sample to taste, adding that they make their own in-house.  It had a slight tang to it, but it was tasty enough, so I said, what the heck!!  

I did not regret my choice.  The tanginess of the slaw, coupled with the smoky sweetness of the pork was a delectable and altogether satisfying experience.  I am salivating when I look at the rest of the menu and cannot wait to try the other items.

Unpretentious, simple facade, great tasting food, great value.  I couldn't have asked for anything better in a pulled pork sandwich!!笑
Ordered Evil Twin, turned out to be Mighty the Magnificent! Dwarfed any burgers I've ever had, not only on size.笑
The beef brisket sandwich is dry and flavorless. I can only taste smoke and their bbq sauce. They try to mask their dry meat with lots of sauce. That's not how bbq meat should be, it should be juicy and succulent. Even the bread is not good, it was all crumbly and dry.

If you simply put some bbq sauce on any meat cooked at home, I bet it will taste better than theirs. Thoroughly disappointing, I am gonna pass on this place in future.笑
Went to holy smokes today for lunch.... Damn! This dude knows how to make pulled pork. The guy at the counter could tell it was my first time so he goes in the back and brings samplers!  This place is legit. Start with the pulled pork and coleslaw sandwhich. Real good. Lots of sauce if you like that sweet. 

Nice little seating area for 2 outside. Place is proper... I will definitely be going back笑
I've been wanting to try this place for a very long time but just never made the time to come out. Well when I finally went I was extremely surprised at the quality of the food and service. I'll start off by commenting on the service, the owners are both very nice people and willing to answer any questions about anything on the menu. As I was ordering my meal he asked if I wanted coleslaw on my sandwich, typically I'm not the type of person to eat slaw, but the owner was kind enough to give me a sample, and sure enough I ended up getting some on my sandwich. For my meal I ordered a Chicken Sandwich combo, with the extra charges for the slaw and hot sauce it came up to about $12, in my books that's pretty good for what you're getting. The sandwich itself was very good; actually amazing! The coleslaw was honestly the best I've ever had in my entire life! The only thing I would say is that they don't offer a "true" hot sauce, but one mixed with mango. While it still was very good, I'd appreciate a true hot sauce not mixed with something sweet. Nevertheless I'd definitely check this place out if you're ever in the area.笑
Baby back ribs is delicious. The poutine is good too! Pulled pork is the best according to friends Who stop by just for it. This place is best for take-out.  Ambiance is apt for take-out places. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. It would be great to dress-up the place to encourage more dine-ins. = D笑
Had the beef brisket sandwich twice. First time was amazing. It was literally one of the best brisket sandwiches I ever had. The second time it was meh as it was too smokey and was unappetizing. But will visit again if I'm in the area.笑
I will admit, I came here solely on the the reviews I read from other Yelpers. Otherwise I wouldnt have come. Primarily because its hard to find.  In a tiny strip mall, with a tiny sign, I had to use Google maps to tell me when I had arrived... and now I know I have driven by this place at least 100 times.  Ok .... now onto the food.

The menu is not for the faint of heart.  Meat meat and more meat... and then some cheese (optional).  I had the Cheesesteak sandwich. My husband had the brisket on a bun.  These sandwiches are two handers.. and probably 2 "mouthers" too given just how much meat and toppings they pile in between the softest kaiser rolls I have ever tasted.

We should have stopped there as these are large enough to be a meal onto themselves. But we didnt... we also ordered the Mac & Cheese and chili cheese fries.  Cheeeeesy. No skimping here. They come fully packed in a styrofoam container (ok point off for still using styrofoam - but that's all they lose points for). You cant go wrong with either choice. But they are enough to be a meal unto themselves as well. Not side dishes as indicated on the menu.

They have (newly added) poutine which we will go back to try and deep fried pickles.  I mention these because there were gentlemen eating these when we walked in and from the looks on their faces, they are worth ordering. 

The owners were working behind the counter. Super friendly and great service.
We spent as much here as we would spend at any "fast food" joint but the food quality and amount is far superior. 

Suggest you check it out!
Cheers y'all!笑
Wife and I really enjoyed this place. Great food and even better service. Amazing and friendly, pork and slaw was fantastic. With the fries... Wow, was so full afterwards. 
Can't wait to go back. 
I tried the spicy pork and slaw - it was spot on.笑
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw on it. It had a nice smokey flavour and the sauce was tasty as well. Good value for $7.75 + tax. Fast and friendly service as well.

The only family "type" seating available was one table outside the restaurant right in front of the window.

This is not really a dine-in place.笑
Noticed the bbq sign and could smell the smoke but was let down. Ordered the brisket cheese steak, that's made from smoked beef brisket.  The smoke flavour was good, but the beef was shredded and really dry.  The menu is almost all sandwiches and really short for bbq options.  I would hope they try a more traditional bbq menu with some real brisket and pork ribs.笑
Great southern bbq. Pulled pork is always cooked perfect, bbq sauce is sweet and delicious. Cole slaw has a good amount of vinegar kick to it. Mac n cheese is rich but not too heavy, potato salad seasoned just right. Friendly service and reasonable prices. Cant ask for much more.笑
It's a small location located in the midst of random stores, so you may miss it a few times. The parking lot is tiny and space is limited, but there's usually a spot or two opened. 
My friend and I ordered their pulled pork coleslaw sandwich and their ribs. The sandwich is huge and tasty, but not the best pulled pork I've had. Their ribs on the other hand, are amazing! They literally fall right off the bone. 
If I were driving by, I'd probably stop in for food but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4 stars because their food is delicious, but the gentleman (I believe is the owner) taking our order could be nicer. His wife (?) is super friendly though!笑
Headline:  I didn't say Holy Smokez after eating it.  
Last visit before review: Jan 2014
# of Visits before review: 1

Order:  Pork and slaw sandwich with fries. Price was around $8-$10 total (I don't really remember).   I really liked the freshness of the pork, but I found the slaw really bland.  It wasn't bad, but I felt like I was eating just plain veggies on top of it.  I know I could have added hot sauce, but sometimes I want the taste without hot sauce.  So I'd rate the sandwich as a 2.5/5. 

What I really liked though was the fries.  They were so crispy and seasoned with sea salt. LOVE SEA SALT!!!  4/5 for that.  

Verdict: 3/5 and not bad for something different than burgers but still want a sandwich. I dare say these fries were better than New York fries.  

Tip: mostly takeout, just a few stools and one table.笑
Must say this sandwich was tasty, I had the pulled pork with slaw, the only issue was i needed more napkins to wipe the glee off my face. 
I would have given them 5 stars but must be honest the location was not so great,  located just west of dixie road in a small plaza on Dundas, this place is small with 1 table and a wrap around for 6 people at best, but overall decent food, try it you'll love it笑
It was my first time trying this place today (Jan 31/14). My regular BBQ places were either Memphis BBQ in Milton (very good) and Paul & Sandy's in Etobicoke (also very good).  I live in Mississauga so having a very good local BBQ place is a bonus.

I had the beef brisket sandwich and the fries (triple fried).  The brisket sandwich is really tasty and the fries are definitely worth it.  The owner is really nice to talk to. He also makes a homemade hot sauce from scotch bonnet peppers that is very good.  He no longer makes a ghost pepper hot sauce because these peppers are very expensive.

I would definitely be back here and I know I will become a regular.笑
Best pulled pork, I get it with the hot sauce, hot peppers and jalapeños. The staff is always nice and give you a warm welcome! Definitely recommend.笑
The owner is adorbale, great service to top with their GENEROUS sized pulled pork sandwiches. Their In house Hot Sauce is killer, but great if you can handle it.笑
Solid find in the Mississauga area.  Ordered the cheesesteak, beef brisket, ribs and fries.  Meat was tender and had decent amount of smoke.  The BBQ sauce was sweet and complimented the beef and ribs nicely.  Sauce is worthy of being bottled and sold in stores--it is that good.  Prices are very reasonable considering the amount of food you get--we had lots leftover for the next day.  Would love to see them add whole and half a smoked chicken to the menu that would be awesome.笑
This is a gem for some BBQ succulent goodness.  Did the cheese steak brisket,  love how they stack up the sandwich. Also did the jalapeno corn bread which is freshly baked and is too damn delish. I could just get that cornbread n Im a HAPPY MAN! Looking forward to trying everything on their menu. 5/5笑
This place was the real deal.  I am glad to be a Mississauga resident after visiting this place.笑
I just about inhaled my pulled pork sandwich from here. Pork was tender, barbecue sauce was sweet and plentiful, and the bun was so soft.  
I got a large side of coleslaw since I love me a good 'slaw and it was, sadly, really disappointing. They really missed the mark on that one. Dressing was shitty. It was just not something I'd ever buy again. 

Everything else looks amazing and fresh. Would definitely go again.笑
Overall not bad. Great service and staff. 
Got the pulled chicken and beef and both buns were wet and soggy. Fries were soggy not crispy. 
Not overly satisfied that I could say I'd order it again but wish nothing but the best for this business!笑
Beef brisket.....mmmmmmm
Drool worthy sandwiches.  
I keep coming back
I can't stay away
Soooo Good. 
Now leave us.  I want to be alone with my sandwich笑
I got the pulled pork sandwich it cost about $8 In the words of Jim carrey "I've had better."笑
Great little place to get BBQ sandwiches, great portions for the money. However....unless you're used to or prepared to consume HOT and SPICY sauces, buyer beware. I had the Brisket Cheese Sandwich combo, but one of the sauces they used was from the Carolina Reaper pepper (250 Million) on the scovile scale! I had to ask them to go easy on the sauce. All in all it was a great sandwich, but my stomach can't take the heat.笑
Good, not great. My beef brisket had a fluffy bun, overly shredded meat, and a lot of drippings making it a tasty but messy eat.  I can see the appeal, but there's better BBQ out there.

The mac and cheese is basically glorified kraft dinner (but unlike KD where I can decide on an al dente pasta, the mac was really smushy).  At $4.50 for a small portion, it was definitely not worth the money. The subpar corn bread tasted like the greasy pan it was baked in.

By the way, no air conditioning in the little restaurant. Appears that it's meant more for takeout.笑
Just had a fantastic Poutine with Pulled Pork, my first bite of the smoky Pulled Pork was very flavourable, gravy was just right.  @HolySmokezbbq笑
Back again. Tried the dirty rice, ribs, and mac n cheese and got another pulled pork with slaw.

Dirty rice was great with some nice heat (i'm new to dirty rice). Ribs were fall off the bone with nice bbq sauce. Ribs didn't have that "smokey flavor" but still very good. Mac n cheese was good also. Pork n'slaw, ahh. The bun and pork were great but my biggest problem is the slaw. It still needs help. I wish they could work on this, perhaps a creamy slaw instead of oil based?

I will still give it 5 stars. To those people who give this place low marks, instead of complaining, are there any better places in Sauga? I don't think so...笑
What a hidden gem Best BBQ around. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing with the coleslaw. He also makes homemade hot sauce which is unbelievable. When I want a sandwich or anything BBQ I'll be going here from now on.笑
WHAT TO TRY??

Any of their smoked burgers! They claim they use a smoker to make their smoked meat burgers  so you got to try their specialty. I came in here wanting to try the whole menu but being by myself I had to opt for one thing so I tried their smoked brisket burger. It's about 8.50 plus tax but take advantage of the yelp checkin for 10% off! Always awesome to save a bit right? The burger is rather big...the diameter the size of a CD and packed with meat. I really love the barbecue sauce they put in the burger like some secret sauce of theirs. I wish there was more sauce though even though it was pretty juicy already. I just thought the middle of the burger was lacking the oozing sauce that you get from the initial bite from the side of the burger. The brisket was kind of dry for my taste though. I wish there was more fat to the brisket so it makes it tastier but because it's mostly the lean meat part, if you leave the meat cooking for long periods of time, it becomes rather dry. I would definitely come back to try the ribs and dirty rice though. Seems like it might be something that they do well on! In any case, I would still give this restaurant a second try to try out the other things on the menu!

LAST TIP? Remember to check in and take advantage of the 10% off but you'll only be able to pay cash in that case. Otherwise, they still accept credit! Make sure you take advantage of their free toppings like hot peppers or jalapeño if you like a bit of a kick to your burger too ;)笑
I've eaten BBQ all over the southern US, and this place can stand with the best of them. But for overall value, how much great bbq you get for such a low price, and such friendly service, Holy Smokez is number one for me. I love it.笑
Everyone is a regular somewhere. I have been a regular at Holy Smokes ever since I discovered that they serve the best poutine in the Greater Toronto Area. That was six weeks ago. 

It was a cold day and I had a craving for comfort food. I saw the sign for Holy Smokes spinning in the wind on Dundas street - one street before Tomken if you're heading West. Once I got in I asked the owner if he had a pulled pork poutine. He did. He asked me if I like hot sauce. I do.

I ordered my poutine and it was prepared within a few minutes. The fries were crispy, the cheese was delicious, the pulled pork was the best I've ever had, and the combination of gravy, barbecue sauce, and hot sauce - his own recipe - was perfect both in flavour and ratio. 

I've been going back once a week for the last six weeks. You can usually find me sitting by the window. But not for long. The poutine at Holy Smokes is too delicious to not devour in a matter of minutes. See you this Saturday.笑
Cheese steak sandwich....amazing!!! The owner was kind enough to give me a small sample of his personal favorite "pork & slaw"....freakin' delicious!! This sandwich place is the real deal! Legit BBQ style pork meat on a soft kaiser bun! Generous portions...very reasonably priced...and friendly staff! Huge gem to find and will be coming back for more. If you running  behind, you can call in your order and they'll have it ready for you. Everything's made in house and you can taste the southern touch! Well done guys.笑
HUGE portioned sandwiches, and plenty choices. Even a great amount of choices of what you can pair your sandwich with. Fries, potato salad, mac and cheese, etc. 
If you're searching for a delicious homemade SPICY hot sauce, this guy's stuff is great, but very very spicy, not for everyone.笑
Well yelp you did it again, I found this place when I search pulled pork and it came up number one on the list. Now if you were just driving by I'm sure you would over look this little joint. But I have to tell you this place is a diamond in the ruff. We tried the pulled pork and slaw and cheese steak the fellow recommended. Nice smoke taste, bbq sauce very nice and not over powering and the meat tender enough it melts in your mouth. Will  be back.笑
Holy Smokez... that was the best damn pulled pork sandwich EVERRR!!  6 of us went from work, one guy ordered the Steak 'n Cheese, LOVVEDDD it, three of us ordered the Pulled Pork 'n Slaw (which has coleslaw smeared on top of the pulled pork and in the bun)... delisshhh!  The other two guys ordered the Chicken Sandwich (which is also pulled btw)... loved it!

The Cornbread was still oven fresh and hot... by the team the last of us 6 got our sandwich, the first guy finished his Steak 'n Cheese and ordered another one, he loved it that much!!

Will definitely return to the place, perhaps just to take out...笑
I found this place via an insauga article. Otherwise,  I might never have found it. I have been here several times for lunch and dinner since then. This is a small family run operation where the  owners smoke and season their own meats. For the price, roughly comperable to most sandwich places,  the food is a good value. A combo is over 12$, but at least you know it is actually high quality food. They make their own barbaque sauces. My favorite is the philly cheese steak combo. Followed by the double meat evil twin (beef and pork) and the rack of ribs. They also have a triple meat sandwich, which is so filling that I had to go take a nap after eating same for lunch.  The issues are as follows: as this place is setup for takeout,  they do have have a bathroom with a sink to wash hands after finishing. Wet naps are not satisfactory given the type of food and the mess consuming same makes. The owner often had a long face and often has a less than pleasent demenor  (his spouse is quite nice). Lastly seating is limited, making it a problem during lunch.  For what it is, 4 out of 5, and I keep going back.笑
Had a pulled pork sandwich. It's pretty good. It's a bit more expensive than I would like for this quality. I am from Toronto and can get something similar/better at St Lawrence market. I think the menu options can be slightly better. I would have liked some kind of mixed meat combo.

But...still 4 stars. I would come again. I love BBQ stuff. Not the healthiest choice, but an irresistible one.笑
Haven't had smoked meat in so long and this place just makes me wonder why I ever stopped! The pulled pork & coleslaw sandwich is one of the few things that isn't a guilty pleasure but just a pleasure all in itself :) 5 stars try it out people, my definite recommendation笑
The food here is good. As good as I remember, when they first opened 5 years ago on Dundas St. E in Mississauga.

They are known for their pulled pork sandwiches with coleslaw (which are huge by the way)!

The pulled pork is tender, and moist for the most parts, however I wish the sandwich had more barbeque sauce. The owner is nice, and stuffed my sandwich with meat.

He even let me sample his home-made hot sauce. It was very spicy, and started off with a sweet note, which he advised me was from mango's in his recipe. But all of a sudden, BOOM! I got hit with the fire. It was hot!!! Good thing I got my sandwich mild, however next timer I will ask for some hot sauce on the side. 

 Check this place out for a decent sandwich for take-out if you are in the area.笑
This is one of my favourite lunch spots, but I only treat myself occasionally because the servings are huge but the food is so good that I overeat. The pulled pork is moist and melts in your mouth. The combo is under $12 with tax and comes with a bed of fresh cut fries. The place is tucked away in a plaza on the north side of Dundas a bit west of Dixie, but well worth the effort to find.笑
ive been here twice and got pulled pork with slaw on a bun and then the next time tried the pulled chicken. i also tried their cornbread

the pulled pork is way better and just so good. the cornbread was also so yumm! im going to go back and try other things for sure. The owner is friendly and its close by work this place is a win for me.笑
From all the good reviews I thought this place would blow my mind. It didn't .
I bought the pulled pork with slaw. At first it tasted nice, it was half warm though... Kinda strange, then as I continued eating it, it just tasted worse. Unfortunately the sauce they use is very sweet, even with the hot sauce the lady put on it didn't change the fact that it was a sugary tasting sandwich :( it didn't taste smokey at all, which was the reason I went there.笑
The service was wonderful, they could tell we were new and took the time to explain the menu options. My husband got the pulled pork with coleslaw and I got the cheese steak which, would have been more than enough but then we also got the pork pouting.  Everything was delicious, the meats were juicy and the bun held everything together like it should. The poutine was cheese and meaty, excellent combination with the pulled pork. 
Overall it was an amazing treat, we're definitely going back for more.笑
Came in to this place because of good review on yelp. The place is definitely not a family restaurant but a take out BBQ place. 

We ordered a full rack 12 bone combo & large pork poutine. My kids find both ribs and poutine are spicy... might be the BBQ sauce. Since it is out first time we didn't know it was spicy. The owner didn't even alert us when we ordered. however, my kids did love the fries... It doesn't taste like home made fries like the menu said. It taste just like those McCain thin fries. The pork routine was okay... I don't think I will order their routine again. When we got it, the poutine fries were just warm and cheese were not melted at all. 

Summary : Not a family restaurant. Good for quick bite. For sure, better than McDonald burger.笑
We were out in Mississauga recently and looking to stop off for some lunch.  My husband noticed the sign and I recalled reading a lot of positive reviews on Yelp so we decided to give it a try.

I don't really have much more to add except the food and service was exceptional.  The owner is super friendly, offered samples and told us that people have come from all parts of Ontario and even from the States to try his barbeque.  They do everything by scratch and even the homemade scotch bonnet hot sauce was remarkable.  I had the beef brisket and my husband had the pulled pork and a side of fries.  What made these particular sandwiches stand out is that the meat was very flavorful, juicy but not the slightest bit fatty and/ or greasy - I didn't feel guilty or gross after eating it; well, eating half that is as it was huge - had half for lunch and the other half for dinner.  Prices are moderate - I think our bill was just over $20.  

I really don't think this restaurant would disappoint anyone so please give it a try!笑
Pros: Service was quick, first half of my cheese steak brisket sandwich was delicious. 

Con's: Found vermin crawling on sandwich paper halfway through my meal. (Tiny red ant.). 

As the place props the front door open, I suppose they shouldn't be surprised when more than just customers walk in. 

I want to like this place, cause i love me some BBQ... But I have no intention of coming back until I see a new Green Pass sticker on their window.笑
Usually get brisket but wanted to try sausage. Asked owner how are they. Reply it's a sausage.  Should have known better  but still ordered. Fries great, sausage temperature wasn't hot enough not much sauerkraut drowned in mustard.  Bun fresh.  Owner not very friendly,  wife us nice. Took home robs and potato salad also great 
Lesson, stick to brisket or ribs.
Guy needs to be friendlier.笑
I'm sorry why haven't I reviewed this yet?  This little place is the bomb!  Amazing sandwiches. I've gotten my mississauga resident bf hooked I think. He loves his meat. 

And great folks running the restaurant too. Lovely people. Great food笑
Stopped here today and shared a pulled pork sandwich with slaw with my hubby. I can honestly say I was more than pleasantly surprised! The sandwich was outstanding! The bun was nice and fresh, the pork was tender and was not swimming in sauce which allowed for the smokey pork flavour to shine! The slaw had a nice acidic bite to it and complemented the sweet and tangy homemade BBQ sauce! Overall amazing! The owners were sweet, engaging and truly proud of what they've accomplished. I will most certainly be back again and will work my way through their menu! True southern style BBQ! Such a welcomed change from the fast food crap! Thanks for opening up! Can't wait to frequent your establishment!! Best of luck to you!笑
I was looking forward to this place reading the reviews but after having it, I'm not sure I'd drive all the way there for the food.  If you live in the local area than maybe it would be a good choice.  We had the beef brisket and pulled pork.  Both were OK, not the best, not the worse.  The homemade hot sauce does have a kick to it so beware!笑
The owner is a chef, and has been smokin' meats for 30+ years.  

Gluten-free:
They have Gluten-free options.   
Their Barbecue sauce is gluten-free, and they have a gluten-free dedicated fryer.

The order:
Brisket cheese steak is unbelievably flavourful, and juicy.  **A must try!**
Half rack ribs, fries (gluten-free) + pop... apparently the ribs were really really goooooood, but I never got to try, because some people don't share.  :)

If you like hot sauce, they no longer offer the scotch bonnet sauce, however, they currently offer a STRONGer Carolina reaper and Scorpion Pepper hot sauce.

The owner also gave us a sample of his newest flavour creation, a Mustard bbq sauce.   It was tangy and paired perfectly with the rich flavour of the meat.笑
Had the pulled pork coleslaw sandwich and it was really good, the pork was full of flavor and coleslaw was right there with it. The fries were also nice and crispy. I will definitely be a returning customer.笑
Got here after reading reviews and was not disappointed. Looks clean and you have a nice view to kitchen where you see your food being prepared. I had pulled pork with slaw and it was fantastic. Short to five stars is only because of the bun and fries. I definitely prefer "artisan" or home style bun and fries were good, but not the best I've tasted. I will be coming here again to try other food.笑
I heard a lot of good things about this place so I went in and tried the cheese and steak sandwich and I must say it was phenomenal! I will definitely be back again to try the pork and slaw and other items on the menu. Job well done笑
GET THEIR POTATO SALAD!

place is too hot, and owner was friendly, did not meet his wife, and gave me pork slaw to try which was sooo nice of him.

price is good and reasonable

one star off cuz the place is too small, and not the best atmosphere, but food is worth it.

will go again to try more dishes笑
My friend at work recommended I try holy smokes because they make a mean pulled pork sandwich. As I don't eat pork I checked out the menu to see what els they offered. I was surprised to see the pulled chicken so I decided to check it out with my mom after work. Driving to holy smokes brought back so many memories because is located near Tomken and dundas not to far from my old high school and where I used to hang out. 

Upon entering we were greeted by this friendly guy behind the counter. I asked him for his recommendation other than pork. He said he always recommends the pull pork but the Philly cheesesteak comes second. My mom ordered the pull chicken and I ordered the Philly cheese steak and we asked if they could cut the sandwich in half and serve us half of each and he said no problem. 

A super friendly lady brought us our meals as we sat at the bar stools. The Philly cheese steak was delicious. The pulled beef is pulled until it is very fine. Topped with dice onions peppers and a cheese sauce. I would definitely order it again. My mom prefers chicken over beef and even she said it was the winner of the two. The pulled  chicken wasn't bad it was just a sweet BBQ sauce and I prefer a more bold flavour and since chicken has such a soft texture I would prefer for it to be pulled less and a bit chunkier. But if you like sweet BBQ you will like the pulled chicken it is still a decent  portion of meat. 

I would give holy smokes a 3.5 and I will try something els on the menu when I am back in the area笑
Wow! Wonderful pulled pork that is highly recommended. Very friendly people - man at cash invited me to sample the chicken and jalepeno cornbread. I am so glad they came to Mississauga - Everyone has to try this place out!笑
I tried their generously filled Pulled Pork 'n Slaw Sandwich. These friendly folks have successfully captured the western North Carolina style of pulled pork with just enough smoke evident in their pleasantly moist product. Good pork, a few dashes of their distinctive sauce and the tang and crunch of the slaw, what a delight!

The ample portion size should satisfy most appetites, it's a big sandwich. At $7.75 the sandwich is an excellent value considering its authentic quality and portion size.

I particularly enjoyed how the operators proudly spoke about their business concepts and how it's the realization of a dream. They deserve all the success possible. Don't we all need to have our dreams come true? Give them a try, you'll likely become a regular customer.笑
Hard to find, but worth the trip.  Be prepared for takeout, but pretty great stuff.  The Brisket was nicely cooked and had a nice smoky flavor to it, get the Pork and Slaw sandwich if you're going the direction of pork.  However, another excellent choice is BBQ meets Montreal with the Pork Poutine.  Very nice flavor.

Highly recommended and very reasonable.

Recommend to pay in cash, but also can accept Visa/Mastercard (with 2% surcharge).笑
If you have not been to holy smokez you are seriously missing out!!! This place is in a sketchy looking strip mall but the inside is clean and nice, and the owner is really nice and friendly and often will give you a sample if you want to try something. It's a small local business with AMAZING food. I cannot ever leave without ordering Mac n cheese and some jalapeño cornbread to go with my pulled pork sandwich. P.s. this stuff is way tastier than anything you will find at rib fest and you can get it year round! Also good to know: they close at 8pm pretty much every night.笑
First off, let me just say this is the best bbq place you can go to. The pork and slaw sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The sauce they use is to die for!!! I got a full rack of ribs to share with the Cajun rice and I don't think I've had anything better. If you love rib fest and miss it during the winter then come to holy smokes, it's probably better anyways.笑
I've heard hunger is the best seasoning, and this place was no exception. 

Found the joint through Yelp, and in a hunger-induced daze, ordered the first thing I saw on the menu. 

I didn't know a barnyard animal could taste so good. The pulled pork actually had texture to it, not like the third-grade garbage you'd get fed from a major chain sandwich shop. The BBQ sauce was obviously hand-made, and the bun was the perfect finish. 

Would I return? Hell, yeah.笑
Visiting from Chicago, used Yelp to find local place near my hotel.  I was extremely happy with my choice! I had the triple meat sandwich .....I love to try combos when I first go to a BBQ place. The sandwich was huge....piled on! I loved the brisket. Had the corn bread as well...very good. Not dry, like many can be.

And as others have said, the owners are extremely nice. They gave me some samples also. Very personable, very nice.

DO NOT be hesitant seeing this little store front place...it is good, and worth a trip.笑
I was in the area on business for 5 nights. I ate there 3 of the 5 nights, and the first night they were closed. So, that's how good they are. I recommend the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw, but the beef brisket cheese steak was also very good.  Also, the owners are very friendly and like to talk about their food. Bottom line: It would be difficult to get a better deal anywhere.笑
Was in the area w/ my bf for some good BBQ loving & we happened to find this BBQ joint located in a plaza (thanks to the yelpers who helped us locate this place)

After meeting the married owners, we found how genuinely amazing this place is  & how passionate they are in doing their job right. My boyfriend & I had our pulled pork & cheese steak to stay & while we ate our meals, we had a very comforting conversation with both the owners which gave our stay an incredible experience. 

We will definitely be back & will try to drive from Toronto at least twice a month to fulfill our southern style comfort food.笑
I am with the last poster on this one - more than one out of body experience was had. I had the pulled pork "n" slaw and it was delectable. Perfectly slow cooked meat with the amazing in house slaw on top, which I have never tried on a pulled pork sandwich. It complimented it amazingly. The owners are great and I am so stoked I work right around the corner. The only thing I'm mad about is that I didn't find out about this place earlier. Today I try the Beef Brisket with some Baked Mac and Ceese on the side!笑
*3.5 stars

Seems to be a fairly small family owned take-out restaurant with a plethora of hamburgers, fries, etc.  I came here based on the good reviews on Yelp, and had my expectations a little higher than what I received.  Food by all means was alright, but not mind-blowing.  The poutine had a bit too much of cheese curds than to my liking, but I guess this is subjective.  Like I said earlier, this place is probably predominantly take-out as there are only maybe 5 chairs.  Also, if I recall correctly, it was cash and debit only, no credit cards.  They had a sign demonstrating the charges they would incur as a small business by accepting credit cards.  Wait time was a little longer than what you would expect, but the service and attitudes of the staff are pleasant enough that it made up for it.    

Perhaps I would return if I was in the area, but not something I would go out of my way for.笑
I walked in and was greeted in a warm friendly manner. The staff is excellent and is really the reason I gave the third star here. 
I ordered the brisket cheese steak and was super disappointed that they did not use real cheese and instead used the goopy cheese. The brisket was overly minced to the point where it was tasting mushy and the bread tasted cold
I also ordered the mac and cheese which I would say was the saving grace of this meal. Would I go back? Probably not笑
Awesome sandwiches and ribs. The cheese steak is my favorite and the mac and cheese is quite delicious. I try and go about once a week笑
Saw all their good reviews, friend of mine suggested me to go. First impression, I was not impressed the way the restaurant looked, I thought it would be one of those kitchens where they just focused on their food. Food service was decent, nothing to complain. I ordered the Beef sandwich and a large poutine. I first started off with the poutine and it was cold. Moving on to the sand-which. There was no taste, 
only thing I tasted was the BBQ sauce, VERY messy.  Last point that really made me frustrated was after finishing my meal, my hands was covered in BBQ sauce.  I wanted to wash my hands, guess what, they don't have a customer washroom. I was really disappointed at this restaurant, not coming back again.笑
Here it is here it is the Slow cook BBQ ribs!!!! 
This place is very close to my hood and when i came here when they first open i grabbed a pulled porked sandwich which was okay at the time.  I finally came back here cause my friend and i wanted some bbq.  He ordered a pulled pork sandwich and poutine.  I ordered the full rack ribs combo for $25.  Took about 5-10mins to get our order.  Not a lot of room there to eat so got it to go. 

My friends thoughts on his sandwich, he said it was really good and that he would get it again. In regards to his poutine, he said it wasnt worth the money to get a really small poutine for that price.

Noe on to my meal, I got a full rack ribs with fries and a drink.  The ribs was very tasty a bit spicy and fall of the bone meat. Reminded me of Baton rouges ribs which i find really good. The portion of fries was good and this was enough food to share with another person. So worth getting again to split with somebody.

I will definitely go back here again to get ribs, i think theyre far better or equal to any rib station at the rotary ribfest events in the summer and far cheaper as well.  Think about it less ppl less lines and holy smoke bbq is always there everyday.  Give it a shot yelpers this place is AIGHT!!!!!笑
Doesn't seem like Google is sometimes part of the family?

So I hit up Google for some BBQ Mississauga and this place stands out. It's nearby where I live. Perfect.

Get there and it's hot steaming like a smoker. Another good sign is the hole in the wall has a  line up. Admittedly I'm not a huge pulled pork fan but when I ask the owner what should I try it says it's the number one bestseller and I can see why. Some delicious pulled pork with some homemade barbeque sauce. Amazing 
I asked for some pepper spice and I feel it slowly grind later after i'm done. When you feel the  spice later that's when you know the heat is done correctly.

Definitely will come back and explore more of The menu like the ribs and steak. As I was talking to the owner why he was not on Uber Eats  he said they wanted way too much money. Nearly 20% which is not worth it. I understand. I wouldn't want him to raise low prices. Paid only nine bucks including tax for that amazing sandwich.笑
Food is great, very friendly staff and food is served hot and fairly quickly. The portions are large and enough to share for lightweights. The flavour of the meat makes you wonder which southern chef is in the kitchen. 

Only star loss is because they don't have US$ converters so we were overcharged, but the food made me view it as a well deserved tip.笑
Well they sure like their smoke! Because that's all I tasted in their pulled pork and beef brisket sandwiches.  Both sandwiches were pretty dry and lacking in flavour. I expect my BBQ to be succulent and this just wasn't. Sorry but I'd pass on this place. I only have it 3 stars because their jalapeño cornbread is decent.笑
This place is the greatest thing to happen to mississauga since five guys. 

Everything about the restaurant was designed by someone obsessed with bbq meat. Its a simple focused menu, with simple but effective recipes. 

The pork n slaw is absolute perfection. I literally can't go there without eating at least two sandwiches. 

If you are making your way to Mississauga it's one of the few places worth visiting.笑
The pulled pork was excellent. 
Brisket also tasty. 
Great Mac n cheese. 
Nice addition to this dismal stretch on dundas.笑
I really wish I could give this place a higher review but being harassed by the staff to the point of almost leaving without my food makes it impossible. 

It's a very small shop but the food is great and portion sizes are huge! My only gripe there is the sauce on the ribs was way too peppery and spicey for me to enjoy them. What a waste. 
The mac and cheese & pulled pork sandwich was INCREDIBLE! Unlike the ribs, the pulled pork had just enough sauce to add flavor, the ribs were literally swimming in it. 
That being said, better ribs than rib fest but too bad the sauce is garbage.

Now my reason for the mediocre review. Since I ordered the pulled pork, I asked for no cold slaw. The man behind the till pushed it on me FOUR times! I hate cold slaw, why couldn't he just drop it instead of making me extremely uncomfortable. I'm a paying customer with a large order, who very easily would've been a regular but with borderline harassment to get something I made it crystal clear I didn't want, I won't be returning. 

Diners beware!笑
Found via yelp and it was a good find

These days I just tell people to yelp it when looking for good places to eat

Tried the pulled pork and slaw and a half rack of ribs, I am not a pulled pork fan but I would buy another it was good eating, the ribs were a solid 3/5 better than most chains but not as good as top spots in areas like Brampton or Vaughan 

I eagerly await being in Mississauga during the day again to try some more of their sandwich selection笑
I read positive reviews and gave em a try ( the pulled pork with slaw).  Nice smokey flavour (duh!) and the slaw made the sandwich sing as the friendly owner promised. 

But somehow I expected (in my mind) more of a moist ("juicy" as another reviewer noted) smoky meat. 

The owner? said that most pulled porks are from a slow cooker (not smoked) and retain more of the moisture (fat?).

So moist or smokey  - cant I have both?

So its good, but OK.  

I think a visit back should round out the experience - see what else they have.笑
As I struggle to stay awake from my post-pulled pork slaw-induced food coma, I'll leave some notes about this tasty joint.

Got the pulled pork slaw at the recommendation of the owner. Juicy, smokey, tender pork covered with the right amount of refreshing, tangy, crunchy coleslaw. Bun was soft and unassuming. It knows its place is secondary to the pork and cabbage, but deserves a Best Supporting Role award. $7.85. Mmm. The fries were okay.

A small and quaint shop in a plaza, the place is run by a husband and wife (super nice!). Felt like a real local spot. Would recommend, would eat again. 4.5!笑
Went back.   Spent $60.  

Had pulled pork.   Bbq sauce was a bit too spicy.   Wasn't the first time. 

Took a rack of ribs home.   And a corn bread loaf. 

Horrible.   Cornbread was mouldy 18 hours later,  and I stored it in a freezer bag.   

Was told the ribs would be great for 3 to 4 days min.  I stored them in air tight Tupperware. 

Not quite 3 days later I had to throw out half the rack. 

Won't go back unless this is made right.   I hate wasting $$ AND food!!

Shocking and disappointing.笑
Awesome cheesesteak sandwich and amazing service. Hard to find places like these today笑
I purchased a groupon and was a little apprehensive on the quality of the food and the service. I've found that when using a groupon, oftentimes you get subpar food and treatment. However, I was totally blown away with everything. Not only was the owner super friendly and accommodating, but the pulled pork with coleslaw was incredible! It was huge and moist and just melted in my mouth. I advice asking for extra bbq sauce since it's so flavorful. The meat also wasn't fatty. I'm so happy to have found this place and will be back for sure! I also left my cell phone there and the owner stayed past closing so that my husband could come and pick it up笑
We went for Vietnamese sandwiches next door and decided to go into holy smokez because it smelled so good.
We got pork and slaw sandwiche with jalapeño corn bread.
Everything was delicious.
Highly recommend it.
The owners are also very nice...nice cherry on top.笑
Today was my first visit to Holy Smokez and it deffinately will not be my last. The food was amazingly savory, well spiced, and portions were extremely genorous. I will be telling my friends about the place!笑
If you're ever craving BBQ go to Holy Smokez! Their ribs were the best ribs I have ever tasted and their service was impeccable! I have never ever experienced such a welcoming and kind atmosphere like Holy Smokez's! Before I talk about how amazing everything about them is, I just want to preface it by saying that my brothers and I went in and were immediately greeted by a very kind and very excited lady who explained the menu to us first-timers. As we'd gone there for my birthday, my brother decided to mention it, and she and the rest of the employees there were very sweet! When we had our order, they very kindly included a free jalapeño cornbread. 

In terms of taste, their ribs were fall off the bone good! They were moist, absolutely delicious and saucy, which is what I like! Their dirty rice was spicy, meaty and all around tasty as well! They were also kind enough to give my brothers and I samples of their pork and slaw, which I was not able to taste because I let my sister-in-law try it instead. From what my brothers told me, it was incredibly delicious. The free cornbread that they gave us was also really good! It was moist and had a sweet and spicy taste to it because of the jalapeños.

Their service was just incredible. Along with the very kind lady's enthusiasm and willingness to help us out with the orders, the rest of the employees were also helpful. As we left with our order, an employee rushed after us and informed us that they'd mixed up our orders with someone else's. after apologizing profusely, she gave us our order and wished us a good day. Their service was absolutely the best service I have personally ever experienced and I would go back just because of how wonderful they were.

Overall, I really recommend going to Holy Smokez because of their incredibly delicious BBQ and their amazing service! They made my birthday so much better because of how kind, informative and enthusiastic they were. Go to Holy Smokez! They're the best!笑
This place has phenomenal pulled pork sandwiches. My boyfriend and I frequent here very often and we usually get pulled pork sandwiches with cheese sauce which are absolutely amazing. Personally I haven't tried the hot sauce but he has and from what I hear it can be very very hot! The jalapeño corn bread is pretty delicious too. Mac and cheese is good but a bit too creamy for me, and the potato salad is delicious too. They also have several other BBQ options and sandwiches with two or three types of meat. Personally I go here every couple of weeks, and I always leave very satisfied. The BBQ is delicious, and just the right amount. The sandwich buns are nice and soft and the ratio of meat to bread is perfect. Overall this is probably one of my favourite take out place when I'm starving, don't feel like cooking or just seriously craving some delicious pulled pork!笑
This place has one of the most amazing BBQ sauce I've ever had. I came here after reading numerous positive reviews and took on the recommendation of the beef brisket burger and boy was it tasty!

It took a while to find the store and luckily a Yelper here had posted a picture of its sign which helped me find the store. 

I was served by the owner who was very kind and received great service. He even gave me a sample to try! 

When I saw "$" sign, I thought this place was "cheap eat". Though they are not overly priced for a burger, it is bordering the expensive end. Burgers range from $7ish dollars to $12 without drinks. Make that meal a combo with bottled water or a can of pop with fries for $2.99 extra. Of course there are other options, but this makes the meal $10 or more. I would say this is $$ on price point, but the food is exceptional. 

I'm tempted to try their chilly cheese fries next time.笑
The best ribs I ever had!!! I like ribs very much, so I tried many ribs before. Someone told me this is the best ribs in Mississauga. Holly yes! I'm satisfied!笑
Had the pulled pork coleslaw sandwich and was impressed with the smoky flavour.  Sauce and slaw was good too; right balance of sweet and tart. The bun could be a bit more hardy as it is a messy wet sandwich and needs something a bit more dense to hold it together.  

Only real issue was the hot sauce.  I expected a variety of Louisiana hot sauces like I've seen and most other Q joints. Instead they handed me packs of Mr Pongs Chinese takeout hot sauce.  Seriously you'd be better off just saying you don't have hot sauce.  A bottle of Tabasco is 5 bucks. Step it up. Lol笑
Came away surprised.
Expected to have a good meal. Didn't anticipate to go back up to order more to take home -- despite being absolutely stuffed. This was great.

It also makes me laugh when people line up at Rib Fest when there's better quality, for less, just down the street.笑
Great find and thanks Yelp - sooo close to home.
BBQ feast, great food.  Clean small place.
LARGE portions.  Now I have only been twice and both times had the pulled pork with coleslaw.  Need to go back for the steak and cheese.
I am not an avid fast food take out person, but this is sooo worth a try.
Great staff and owners笑
Passed by this little joint and got the Beef Brisket with  Deep Fried Pickles and shared a small Pulled Pork Poutine...I definitely got a food coma after that! It wasn't too spectacular but they sure do pack the sandwich up with meat. I went back a second time and got the Pork and Slaw with baked beans and Jalapeño corn bread...the beans were my favorite but I've had better corn bread and the pulled pork sandwich was a bit dry for my liking. I would've liked a bit more sauce. Other than that, it's a good, quick and simple BBQ sandwich place with great service. Definitely a must try!笑
This place is top notch deliciousness. A hidden gem. Had me the pork n slaw sandwich and orgasm'd. The owner is an awesome dude too. Gave my dog water and some meat. What a guy.笑
I ordered the beef brisket sandwich with extra hot bbq sauce.  I spoke to the owner who was really cool and makes his own sauces.  As a matter of fact this is the only place that has homemade ghost pepper sauce that I know of.  The sandwich was juicy and spicy...the way I like it.  Although I would prefer if the brisket was sliced rather than pulled.笑
My brother moved to Mississauga last fall and found this place he said was good and not far from his place so we decided to join him this weekend.  He drove and I noticed when we arrived it was right around the corner from my dentist at Dundas and Palstan on the north side.

The place is called Holy Smokez BBQ and it's in a strip mall facing Dundas next door to a Banh Mi shop and Vietnamese bakery.  The place has an order counter that's basically on wheels while there's a single low table that can seat 3 and stool seating enough for 6 facing the window and wraps around the wall.

I noticed before we came that there was actually a Yelp check in offer that granted 10% off the entire order if paying by cash.  I thought that was a good start.  We ended up being 4 adults and 2 children so it took us a short while to decide so we could order accordingly.  It made sense for us to get a full rack combo since some of the children wanted ribs and we could share besides that we ordered 3 other sandwiches some were combos so we had additional sides and drinks included already.

My brother who had been before went with the "evil twins" which is a sandwich stacked with 2 meats of your choice.  The choices were pork, beef, chicken, and sausage.  There's also a "triangle" version that includes 3 of the 4 meats.  The two meat version is 12 bucks while the 3 meat version is 18 bucks.  The regular sandwiches (1 meat) range to be 10 and under such as if you just wanted the brisket, pulled pork or cheese steak version of the brisket (added cheese etc).  

When I presented the check in offer the owner had politely mentioned that the check in offer was only valid for your first visit.  I'm not quite sure how they'd keep track of such a thing and I know check in offers are offered as a promotion but at least he did mention it so there would be no confusion for next time.  This was in fact my first visit to the establishment and I only knew what to expect based on my brother's recommendation and experience.

The order didn't take that long to complete.  I'd say less than 15 minutes which wasn't bad considering how much we ordered and that there were other orders in front of ours getting filled by others that either called in their orders or waited in the parking lot for theirs.  There were 2 individuals working in the back and the kitchen is pretty much visible from the waiting/dining area so you can see what's going on.  

It was a particular hot day in town so it was understandable how it was sort of stifling inside.  We had decided to eat in as opposed to taking it home so we were sort of split up, some of us at the table and others at the stool seating since we were 6 total.  

The orders came out and everything looked great.  I had the cheese steak brisket, my brother had his twins sandwich with onion rings, my mom had the regular brisket and we had the dozen ribs as well.  The ribs were side ribs cut per bone.  They are easily identified since the bones are straight and not curved (back ribs) but side ribs are great for generally being meatier (more meat on them bones) and if prepared  right can also be as tender as back ribs.  While my wife found the ribs a bit greasy, I found them to be cooked well but still tender with a good tasting sauce and flavor to them.  They weren't fall off the bone but they weren't hard to eat and were quite meaty and filling.  Basically I had 6 bones while the other half dozen went to the kids.  My nephew jokingly before he saw the food said 3 bones wouldn't be enough for him.  Once I saw the size of the portion I knew it would be more than enough for the kids.  

I was already pretty stuffed with the half rack and side of fries before trying the sandwich.  The sandwich was good but wasn't great.  The cheese to me seemed to taste like those packet mix types and not as thick and rich as say Cheez Whiz.  Still it was ok but I'd probably try the pulled pork next time or even the smoked sausage which looked really attractive.

Overall the food was good and a decent value for the money.  The dozen side ribs is easily enough meat for 3 or 4 people which is basically either 4 or 3 bones each.  The normal rib combo for just over 10 bucks comes with 3 bones.  A full rack is a great idea for sharing and is just over 20 bucks and the combo (drink and fries) is 24.  The sandwiches pack a lot of meat which is understandable that they are around 10 bucks each unless you're asking for the multiple meat stack versions.  The fries seemed a bit over salted but I like them like that actually.  While the service seemed friendly enough.

I'd go back to try some of the other options but the ribs are a great meal for sharing.  The place is more suited for taking out than dining in especially if you're a group.笑
If you are a true fan of BBQ, stay far far away from this place! After reading all the reviews, I was really tempted as I absolutely love Southern cuisine. Tried their pulled chicken sandwich for about $8, which was absolutely disgusting. It literally tasted like I was eating burnt plastic. We also tried their lunch rib combo which was about $10, which we threw out after the first bite. Just Garbage. Will definitely not return nor recommend this place to anyone.笑
Glad to see this place is getting some more love on the internet...stopped in this past week again after some time away and the pulled chicken sandwich and jalapeño cornbread were just delicious. Highly recommended!笑
Great family run take out  with delicious  smoked pulled pork, in a unique zingy home made bbq sauce. Smoked steak and sautéed onions on a bun is equally delicious.    The portion size is "BIG" ... definitely a two hand sandwich.  Drop by and enjoy great food at a great value price.  

Great,  GReat, grEAT food!  Will be trying their ribs next time.  Btw ... "pulled pork smoker with slaw" is my fave pulled pork sandwich of all.笑
Has been on my too try list. Well I tired and I like!
Daughter had the mac and cheese which she really enjoyed.
I had the pull pork sandwich and fires which was superb. 
Bonus points for having malt vinegar for my fries.
Staff were excellent.
It is small with limited seating.笑
So many good items on the menu - you really can't go wrong. I've come in here many times for take out and I love how they pack my food to go.笑
After seeing rave Yelp review, went looking for this place. It's so small in the strip plaza with Ballada restaurant nearby, you could drive right past it. There are just 6 barstools & a stand-up counter, no washroom. But oh, the wafting smoky smell of the brisket, the chicken, the pulled pork! Prices start at $3.99 for smoked sausage to $7.99 for cheese steak, or 1/2 rack of spare ribs, plus hot sauce, jalapeños & hot peppers free, sautéed onions, mushrooms, sweet peppers, cheese & bacon from 50 cents to $1.00 each. Don't forget jumbo dill 50 cents & hot from the oven cornbread loaf! Big specials: the Evil Twin: 2 kinds of smoked meats double stacked $10.99; Devils Triangle $14.99: 3 smoked meats on large toasted kaiser & BBQ sauce. Also offer Mac N Cheese $3.99 Brisket Chili $4.99. Be prepared to salivate. Be prepared to get messy with smoky BBQ sauce & falling apart perfect smoked meats. Be prepared not to care how messy you got! Be prepared to make the drive to Dixie & Dundas again, even if you have to eat those scrumptious messy sandwiches & cornbread in your car! ;D笑
Tried it out on lots of good reviews and media love. Was not disappointed.  Pulled pork poutine was great, fries were well cooked and the pulled pork was extremely tender. Didn't get a lot of smoke from the pork but that was just fine, as the sauce they used was outstanding. Highly recommended笑
Absolutely delicious red skin potato salad, pulled pork & slaw on a bun, baked beans and pork ribs. 
Be sure to check this place out!笑
The wait was a little bit long. 10+ minutes..but the food was high quality and for a reasonable price. Pulled pork sandwich, fries and a coke came out to 11$. Will definitely be going back but may try to call ahead with order.笑
Mom & Pop kind of place the couple that run this place are very nice people. The food is a bit on the expensive side but you get quality food. The hot sauce I believe is made in house and is very good. The sandwiches are good size. The Philly Cheese with jalapenos is to die for. The pulled pork poutine is amazing. Call ahead as the sandwiches take some die to prepare. The jalapeno cornbread is amazing. Just wish they were open late and in a much more central location.笑
This is a little mom and pop shop. The service is very quick and excellent. Both the people running the restaurant (husband and wife) I assume are super nice. Although the setting itself is w/e, and doesn't have a lot of space, it's not a big deal because the food is amazing.

I had the beef brisket which comes in a bun with bbq sauce. I thought it was really amazing. I also had the cole slaw. I don't really enjoy cole slaw in general so I thought it was alright.笑
Kind of quiet on Friday evening. The inside looks like a pizza parlor with an ordering counter and limited seating.

I walk in and there is an aroma of bbq. Smells really good inside. As you're deciding they've got pictures of the offered burgers.

After being offered samplers of the cold slaw; I opted for the cheese steak. The cheese steak was drenched in their signature bbq sauce, melted in cheddar cheese and loaded with stacks of pulled beef.

This place is worth the drive from wherever you're from. 1 sandwich is filling and enough for the meal. Next time I'll be back to try the pork and slaw with a side of chili cheese fries.

Don't over look this place. Owners are great and will engage in conversations with you.笑
I honestly don't think this place is BBQ. The meat did. It have a smoke ring, something true smoked BBQ has. The meat was over cooked and fell off the bone simply by picking it up off the plate. The rib meat appeared boiled and then slathered in sauce. The brisket was mushy and shredded. I would have liked to sliced brisket. The hot sauce was the highlight of the entire shop.笑
A little too dry from the pulled pork and beef brisket to the slaw. I was expecting strips of meat but got mushed or clumpy meat instead, and I thought there was not enough meat on such a big bread. The coleslaw was bland and dry. Overall the taste was just ok.
The people who gave good reviews obviously have not been to RD's in Brampton. Do yourselves a favor and try RD's and come back here and rewrite your reviews.笑
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, mac n cheese and on a whim the nachos and cheese. 

The sandwich was amazing!!!! The mac n cheese was amazing!!!! The nachos.. meh. Just chips with a cheesy dipping sauce.笑
I am so happy this placed open near by. I missed having options around my area, I can always get east and south Asian foods but it was hard to get some real BBQ. 
I had tonight the pulled chicken and a bite of the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich. Both of them great! The Cole Slaw - fantastic! Not too sweet just to my liking, I bought an extra one. :) Going back tomorrow for some Texas Chilli and would love to try the Devils Triangle (3 meats slapped on a bun with juicy BBQ Sauce and whatever else they put in it) 
Try it. I copied the menu so I could take a few to work, we'll be going there for our lunch breaks from now on.笑
I was craving for some sticky ribs that's easy on the wallet and this place was the right spot.

As we walked in we were greeted and they took our orders in the front cash. We ordered the half rack ribs, cheese steak, corn bread and coleslaw.

The ribs were fall off the bone tender! For 9 dollars you can't go wrong! The flavor is spot on!! The cheese steak was so bomb! Again, the flavors wasn't lacking in this one, it was tender and it's a great hangover food! The cornbread was really moist and flavorful, they have us butter and mmmm let that butter soak in. The boyfriend said that's the best corn bread he's ever had!


 The coleslaw was OK, did not appeal to me. I like my coleslaw creamy but if you like the vinegary kind then this is for you.

The owners are very friendly and kind, I believe this is a family owned business which is always a plus for me!