I've been here 2x and both times it was fantastic. The ribs are delicious and are different from the typical bar/pub kind. 

I've also taken my toddler and he's happy with the food. Ambiance is nice. It was classier/trendier than what I expected from the outside appearance.笑
Oh my goodness, the burger here is amazing! Came by for the Yelp Burger during the Burger Binge Week, and was absolutely blown away! 

Came in during a rather quiet time, so we sat down immediately and got our food quite fast! We got the Yelp Burger, so the orders were very simple! The burger was so good, with the patty cooked to medium and each topping adding more depth to the burger as you bite into it, especially those onions! With different textures and flavours, this is definitely a burger worth travelling for!

We got to speak to the owner as well, and he explained how he came up with the Yelp Burger! Absolutely a delight to meet the man, and see all the heart he puts into his menu!

Service was a bit slow with our waters, as we asked for them when we sat, but didn't get them until our food arrived. Not a big deal though as the server was super nice and friendly, and even gave us $5 coupons as it was our first time to the restaurant!

Definitely enjoyed the burger, and will be back to try some other items off their menu! Supposed to be some of the BBQ around, so gonna be back for some of that!笑
Craving some BBQ food and more? The best place to go to hands down! Their food is just amazing and there is such a variety of options not just burgers. When i went for the first time a couple months ago, their service was so excellent that it made us feel very comfortable with the staff. I definitely recommend this place to everyone, you'll love their food just as much as i do and you'll even keep going back as well:)!笑
It's the closest barbecue to me, otherwise I'd be at Stockyard.  Tried the Really Wicked burger with pulled pork and fried egg.  Close but no cigar.笑
We were in the neighborhood and decided to try this place. When we entered the staff were busy with takeouts and no one was around to greet or seat us. so we were waiting there when the waitress almost screamed at us that we can't just walk-in because the tables are reserved !!! She was extremely rude and we were so shocked by her attitude that did not say anything and just left there. I will never go to this place again as there are many other options in the neighborhood with excellent and polite service.笑
I ordered from Ubereats. Delivery came within the estimated time. No problems. What I do have a problem with are the extravagant prices. I compared Ubereats with their regular menu and indeed Uber makes it a little more expensive even before the delivery fee. So if you don't live too far, I suggest you consider visiting the store instead. but I find that even on the regular menu, prices are steep.

Onto the food itself. We ordered a full rack of ribs, with shoe string fries, and my brother ordered a combo for 1 with onion straws. The ribs are around $30 + tax (with fries) which is kind of ridiculous. I've had very nice ribs at rib fest for $24 (no fries)tax included. And many restaurants do ribs for under $25 with a side (+ tax and tips). The ribs were good but I don't feel it justifies the price. It's more or less the same good ribs you can get elsewhere. 

The combo for 1 was even less worthwhile. Combo for 1 is choose 2 meats and a side. We had miami ribs and sausages. We didn't know what Miami ribs meant. Apparently it's like Korean Kalbi.   I don't really find the sausages too special. The onion straws are pretty good, but hey, deep fried anything is good. 

I love southern BBQ but there's no way I would come again at these prices. It's not special enough to justify charging 20-30% more than other similar places.笑
Damn i was so hyped for so long to try Boneyards burgers, and gotta say even though their huge, its so underwhelming.

I got the juicy lucy specialty burger and it had absolutely no salt or seasoning. I love the fact you can order your burger the way you want, so i got medium and it came out well done.

The shoestring frys are blahhh, Mc d's across the plaza is a better bet....笑
I ordered the boneyard burger and it was ok but nothing was good. The meat was fine, the mushroom and onions were ok but really didn't have much flavour. What was weird was that the burger had no lettuce or tomato - since when do you order a burger and not get lettuce (even on the side). With nothing to cut into the grease the burger just felt a little mushy - not good. The fries are shoestring as others report but also are nothing to write home about.笑
So happy that there's finally a burger restaurant that you can go and sit and feel like you're at an actual restaurant. The food was great and their thin cut fries make them unique. I was only upset that my burger came well done and not medium like I asked it made the burger very dry but was still pretty good. The server could have been a little more helpful rather than offering me sauce to make it easier to digest but I'm still willing to give the place another shot.笑
I ate dinner here tonight with my boyfriend. We both ordered burgers for dinner. They were okay. Sort of dry and flavourless. Service was good.笑
North of the US this BBQ place is quite good! I love the beef ribs (although you'll need to floss right after) and the fall-off-the-ribs pork ribs. The fries are great and I loved the dipping sauce. I didn't care for the onion sticks. The next time I order the meat water combo Ill just get the 2 orders of fries as opposed to fries and onion sticks.
Go on a Tuesday when they have a special for a rack of back ribs for $22.  Now that I'm writing this, I think I'm going tomorrow for the special. Mmmmmmmmm笑
Since I am a new "yelper", and many of you do not quite know me yet, I have to make two things very clear....

Beef and Beer.

That's pretty much what it takes to make this girl smile.  And smile I did, after I had my first Boneyard burger experience this past Saturday. 

This weekend my sister and brother-in-law were visiting from North Bay and after a 4 hour drive they were getting hungry.  And let's face it, North Bay has slim pickins' when it comes to "non-restaurant chain" choices. So, naturally, I searched YELP for hamburger places and landed on "Boneyard Grill".  Why not? I ate like a rabbit all week, i'll treat myself!

The place was super easy to find and had lots of parking. Covered with a small awning,  it is quaint and has lots of character.  Inside they had TVs showing sports, of course, what else do you watch while eating a burger!? Perfect!
The staff are super friendly, sat us right away and were quick to bring the first round of beer!  

For my meal, I chose the mushroom and swiss burger with a side of half an half fries! Brilliant idea. You get the best of both worlds, half  yam and half regular fries...I found my inner monologue screaming " WHY DOESN'T EVERY PLACE OFFER THIS??"

When the burgers came we all dug in and for the first time ever we were all speechless. Not a word was spoken. Coming from a family of outrageously loud English people, this is strange.  

The burgers were cooked perfectly, medium well, just as I like it. Tender and juicy but did not fall apart. The fries were shoe string style, perfect for yam fries (as they cook better) and served with a side of homemade chipotle mayo.  Need I say more?

Speaking of more... I'm drooling again. 

Take the time to try this place out whether its with your buddies, family or even a date. Yes, it has great date potential. And yes, you can take a girl on a date to a burger place...well, this girl anyway!

Hot tip: If you go Saturdays their special is a sirloin burger for 9.99 with fries!  It's pretty much the same price as a "chain" burger joint!  

Let me know what you think!

Cheers, 
Tiff笑
Amazing burgers. I had the cowboy one with extra for sweet potatoes fries. Wow. It was awesone. Always been a huge fan of burgers, but this one is gonna full your belly. Arround 20$/ person. Worth the try!!

For people who want to go on the patio, can be fun, couple tables, but less service when your out (far from reach) and crowed street with lot of cars passing by... Would still go there again.笑
So we discovered this little jem by accitent and let me tell you, it was well worth it!
First of all the service is very friendly and polite, the server was extremely knowledgeable and knew exactly what she was doing.
The atmosphere is calm and very casual, this is not a big place but definitely cozy and clean. As far as service and atmosphere - Excellent!
Now to the food:
First of all, it is absolutely delicious! not a very expensive place, however the food is all home made and tastes better than restaurants that cost ten times more.
We ordered the soup of the day (Cabbage Borscht) which was made with beef (vegetarians please note there is beef in there) and it was delicious! I am Russian and this tasted just like grandma used to make, absolutely delicious!
Also the Burger - oh my God this burger is grilled to perfection just the way we ordered it and made in-house not frozen stuff this is the real deal.
The BBQ sauce is also amazing highly recommend it - we took a bottle home, in hopes to attempt to BBQ a similar tasting burger (no chance; we'll just go back to the Boneyard!) so this is an excellent local jem, if you're ever around I highly recommend you check it out - well worth it!

I give this place an 11 out of 10! 

Thank you!笑
I was here about 16, 8 and 4 months ago. After my first visit, I would have awarded 5 stars for excellent pork ribs and sides. However, shortly after that visit, quality seems to have declined. The next two times I tried the ribs they were not even remotely in the same quality/flavour ballpark as originally. Drier, tougher, weak flavour. Others seemed to notice this as well.

The fries have always been good, the burger is decent, beef ribs are decent, but I really got screwed out of what I was hoping was going to be my new favorite rib joint.笑
We came here for Savour York Region, which I thought was a great deal. The restaurant was difficult to find, but we eventually found the place after calling. The restaurant has a ton of TVs, much like a sports bar. But the kitchen has a open window, which makes it fun to look inside.

We started with a caesar salad and coconut shrimp. The coconut shrimp were really nice and tasted like coconut. We enjoyed the orange sauce more than the yellow sauce. For mains, we ordered the rainbow trout and the half ribs. For a place that's known for burgers and ribs, they did a really good job on the fish. It was flavorful and flaky. The ribs were amazing. They separated from the bone very easily. I was surprised that there were so many ribs (we took half of it home). For dessert, they ran out of chocolate mousse, so the waitress offered us cheesecake. We ordered the plain cheesecake and the raspberry white chocolate cheesecake. I didn't like the raspberry cheesecake as much as the plain cheesecake.

Overall, we had a good dining experience here. The service and food were excellent. I wouldn't mind coming back.笑
The service was extremely friendly. The food was really really good (ribs and wings) although took a little while to come out - but was so worth the wait. Overall a great experience.笑
I went to Boneyard for the Savour York Region and was not disappointed. Despite the soup of the day and the chocolate cake from the menu having both run out, I was offered alternatives that were both excellent: a navy bean and vegetable soup that was rather hearty and a selection of cheesecakes.

Steak was done a little less than requested, but was beautifully seasoned and quite juicy. Grilled veggies were nicely done as well.

One thing that stood out here, especially for a restaurant in the area, was the service. Our waitress was warm and friendly and definitely knew what she was doing; a welcome change. Someone who appeared to be either the owner or manager was floating around the dining room throughout service and appeared to have a handle on and interest in what was going on. Much appreciated.

Only downfall to this place was the size; tables are really close together and we were able to hear our neighbours' conversations clearly and vice versa. My entree was delivered before I was half finished my soup (what can I say, I ate it slowly), so there's something to say for the timing in the kitchen while the place is busy/maybe it gave the juices in the steak time to settle. The plates used are a strange rectangular shape, making the tables seem even smaller than they are already and increasing the claustrophobia.

Recommended, provided claustrophobia isn't an issue for you or you like chatting with the people at the next table.笑
Went here on a pretty busy Saturday night. It's right by Promenade Mall in Thornhill. Honestly, the food selection around there is weak. Decided to check this place out based on Yelp reviews, and it was just an alright experience.
- Food took too long to come out (20-25 min), all we ordered were burgers
- Fries were too skinny for my liking
- I had the Boneyard burger (sautéed mushrooms and onions) and it was just what you'd expect. The burger tasted fine, but wasn't anything out of the ordinary.

Which sums up my review. If you want something plain and straightforward, come here. And hey, sometimes there's nothing wrong with that.笑
Boneyard Grill is famous for its ribs. It had different kinds of combos in the menu with burgers, ribs, and chicken etc. It also serves alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks to go with your meal.笑
I was pretty impressed with the food here.  I had the rainbow trout with grilled veggies.  It was excellent.  The fish was fresh and flavourful笑
I just could not resist Lunch Specials of any kind...

At Boneyard Grill, $9.99 gets you a 10oz Sirloin Beef Burger, Fries and Drink is not bad at all.

My friendly waitress welcomes me and reminds me about the lunch specials... she doesn't realize that's the reason I am here!

The patty can be cook medium well or even medium, I opt for medium. However, I found though it is cooked with a hint of pink inside, the patty is kind of on the dry side. Maybe because Top Sirloin is just a little too lean... too healthy? I want my juicy fatty burger!!

Shoestrings Fries are light and crispy, which I enjoy! 

Drinks here for a can of pop is $2.25 which is included in the combo.. you can upgrade that to other drinks with additional charges.

Services is so good... I cannot believe I am at a Rib and Burger Joint?! Real Napkins not the paper type? Nice Table setting? The decoration remembers me of Italian restaurants....

Tuesday AYCE Ribs for $24.95... apparently Boneyard has their house brand BBQ sauce... I wondering how many ribs can I eat? Maybe I should test my limit!!笑
Wonderful and friendly staff! The food was amazing! I had the pulled pork with sweet potatoes. My husband had the ribs. Ribs were cooked to perfection... They were so tender, juicy and flavourful. The pulled pork was busting with flavor as well. Portions are big.  Sweet potato fries were perfection. . So crispy and thinly sliced. I will definitely be back for more. They do have a kids menu.笑
I was really impressed with the food at this place, the coconut shrimps are the best that I ever try, onion brick is a really different appetizer, the ribs and the New York steak were good. Also, the staff is really friendly. I really enjoyed my dinner there.笑
Very cozy atmosphere, not too big and good lighting. Couple of TVs. Friendly staff, quick service. Food came in a very reasonable time.  Portions are quite sizable. Not an overwhelming menu but enough choice and "classics" to offer enough variety. 
Had the family, 3 adults, and teen and a 10 yr old and everybody was happy. No complaints. Would definitely eat there again.
Oh yeah, one complaint; no gravy! Wt....笑
I was thinking this place could be my new burger joint.  I've been there probably four or five times and I've been generally satisfied.  The service needs improvement but they have a pretty good lunch special that we go for.

Sadly however this is an example of how one bad experience can ruin everything.  The last time we went we were served raw beef.  The bun was soaked red it was so rare, and no it wasn't the ketchup.  I could probably forgive something like this if it was handled properly by the staff but the whole experience was down right pathetic.  The waitress thought she brought the burger back from the kitchen when she hadn't, and we could clearly hear the cook insulting us saying how we "don't know what a medium burger looks like" and we "shouldn't order a medium burger if you don't want it a little bloody".  We left without waiting for the food to return.  Stay far away!笑
Decided I couldn't wait for the burger binge to begin.
Glad I didn't wait.

The place is real nice, a little small but nice.  The server was super pleasant and kept the coffee refills flowing.
First off, this is one of the few places I've been where they actually ask how you want your burger cooked.  That is a very large plus to me, shows they are comfortable with their skills and want to give guests the best experience possible.  I asked for and received a perfect medium.  The burger was fantastic they used real cheddar cheese and it does make a difference.  Initially I ordered the 5 oz burger but the server mentioned that the 8 oz included the drink and would cost about the same, so why not.  It was a real 8 oz too. Big and thick and juicy and awesome.
And the price?  8 oz burger (with real cheddar cheese!), fries and coffee with free refills for less than $13 taxes included?  That is amazing, especially considering the quality of the food served.

The only thing that I was not completely happy with was the fries, not that they were bad.  Just they were so thin that doing the finger pick and dip would take forever to eat them and it was a struggle to get enough but not too much on the fork.  But that's just nitpicking on my part.

Definitely will be going back to sample other offering from the menu.笑
The French fries were really good, the juicy Lucy and the wicked were really good as well !笑
Went there today food was excellent I had the pulled pork and girlfriend has the burger both were amazing. Pulled pork has no BBQ sauce which is nice compared to the usual pulled pork you get slathered in sauces. Burger was cooked medium rare and tasted absolutely great. Shoestring French fries were good but not great overall five star experience will definelty be back for lunch.

Bill total $26 including tip笑
Funny how I live around the corner but never came in until I had a craving for ribs and knew I didn't want to go out of my way. Certainly glad I finally gave Boneyard a try. Me and my guest decided to split a burger and the Meat Lovers 1/2 rack of baby back ribs and wings, along with the coconut shrimp app. All were amazing! The ribs were fall-off- the-bone delicious, as were the wings. Ordered the burger medium-well, only because other reviewers said their medium burgers were too rare, and it was done to perfection.  Only a little disappointed at the size of the burger itself as in all the other reviewers pics, the burger was much larger than what was served. The sides of onion straws and fries were also delicious and plentiful. Only thing I would change is that both dipping sauces for the coconut shrimp are sweet, and my recommendation would be to have a spicy choice. Server was prompt and very friendly, coming by a few times to make sure everything was good and that we were happy with what we ordered.
All in all, a great new discovery right in my neighbourhood!笑
Having visited as a YELP Elite at an Elite only event - which was stupendously awesome - I knew I had to return as a regular customer to see if the quality and experienced remain the same, if not better! 

And it was!  The full rack of baby back ribs were out of this world delicious. Meat that falls off the bone, with just enough sauce to carry the flavor of the meats!  Crispy onion strings served as the garnish.  Smoky BBQ flavor to taste, all the deliciousness without the mess of a backyard BBQ.    Guaranteed finger licking good!

What better way to eat BBQ ribs than with BBQ wings. Juicy and succulent, perfect combination of the two!   The cook in the kitchen at this place really knows what he/she is doing given the high quality of food at the Boneyard Grill!

Great service also.  The waitress that served us from the Elite event evening also served us this visit. She didn't recognize us, however. At least, we don't think she did! 

I'd not hesitate to come back at a future date, though I hope they'd stay open a little later than 9pm in the future!笑
Food has always been awesome when chef Dave is there,  Ashleigh he looks stoned most of the time.  Not so much when his substitute are running the show.  Small and packed place. Limited wine selection.  Great desserts. Fair prices.笑
to sum it up - overly salted to compensate for lack of flavour, disgustingly greasy, go home and feel sick from eating **it food

we got the onion brick, the boneyard burger and the bbq burger

the onion brick is like eating a brick of salt and oil... nasty

the boneyard burger---- undercooked burger. i like my steaks medium but my burgers well done. nasty nasty nasty

the bbq burger - again undercooked 

both burgers buns werent toasted or warm. isnt that common sense? its like having cereal with no milk

we both went home feeling sick to our stomach from eating **it food笑
We got the combo plate,  both pork and beef ribs.  Beef Ribs are a must.  I'm a dry rub type of guy,  but the sauce was actually pretty tasty.  U recommend the onion brick too笑
Amazing food & service!  I went with a large group last night and we all ordered different things.  We all loved the food.  I highly recommend the pork back ribs....delicious & meaty.  The coconut shrimp was exceptional.笑
Decided to come back after our awesome experience at a Yelp event. I ordered the Mushroom Swiss burger and it was delish! Instead of regular fries, I ordered sweet potato fries instead. They were super generous with the portion. I actually had to pack some home! The burger was nice and juicy, exactly how I like it. 

The coconut shrimp was nice but the price is a bit steep for 5 pieces. The two dipping sauce was wonderful! 

Would definitely be back again! Felt the waitress was too busy flirting with one of the chefs at the back. But otherwise, service was great & food came pretty quick. They also have my last meal to have on earth.... the Godiva Chocolate cheesecake. OMG ! Next time I should starve myself the whole day so I could eat that too.笑
First time ordering from here. Delicious! Ribs were amazing and so was the pulled pork sandwich. Ubereats delivered which was pretty cool笑
It's too average and a bit too expensive for what you get. The staff was courteous and helpful. They made a mistake on a burger and corrected it quickly. The hospitality is what I liked the most in this place. 

The burger and grilled cheese sandwich were dry and latter is as a bit too sickly from what I perceived was too much butter. The Philly cheese steak on a bun had way too much barbecue sauce. The beef ribs could have been a little more tender, but were enjoyable, the fries were tasty and the chicken wings with honey garlic sauce had a good balance of flavored, although I think they burnt something in the kitchen, because there was a strong smell when it was served. 

If you are in a hurry or are craving for a barbecue joint in a pinch, this will do, but if you can drive 10-15 minutes from there, Memphis will blow your brains out for half the price.笑
Came here last year for a Yelp event and finally made it back for Round 2!  

Service: 4/5.  We were checked on a few times, staff was friendly and accommodating of our lack of speed in deciding on our orders.  No problems.

Food: 4/5. In contrast to the Yelp event, this time we got full meals - tried the fried onion strings - very tasty, though also very greasy.  Probably hard to avoid with this kind of preparation but in the future I'd opt for the shoestring sweet potato fries, which were plentiful and came with an interesting [in a good way] mayo sauce that's slightly different from the usual sweet potato sauce you get elsewhere.  The BBQ chicken and ribs were good - at least on par with most quality BBQ establishments.  The coleslaw was small and overly vinegary - maybe more creaminess might've been nice.  Of course, nothing ever beats KFC coleslaw (am I right?)

So overall, great meal - nothing really to complain about, though not really blown away (which I need to be for a 5 star rating).  If the coleslaw were bigger & better, and the onion strings weren't as greasy, I might've rounded up - but I can't do it this time around.  

I would definitely recommend though if you're in the area and are in the mood for some BBQ!笑
Ooohhhhh yeah! This place has some really good ribs!! I love the angus bones. They are so big and tasty. Just hits you in the face with flavour. Good price too. Loving it! The only thing I didn't love is the wings. They were slightly dry and too lean. Come on guys, wings need some fat! This is the perfect comfort food. I'll be back!笑
Checked out this place during Yelp's Burger Binge and it did not disappoint.  It was really busy for a Thursday night.  A little bit of a wait to be seated and lots of people getting take out. A crowd is usually a good sign. 

The Yelp Burger was a 5 oz Burger with bacon, cheese and onion straws!  The waitress said it was a smaller version of their cowboy Burger and said it was the size of a slider.  So the hubs and I ordered one each and decided to share a full rack rib dinner.  We came in on a Thursday night which happened to be rib night!  $20 for succulent full rack of ribs with a side. It was delicious!  

Now back to the Burger...the Burger was juicy and the onion straws gave it the perfect crunch! And you can't go wrong with bacon and cheese.  Plus, it looked like a regular sized Burger to me, not a slider.  That was another pleasant surprise.  Love good sized portions!  There were 2 big guys sitting next to us that ordered the Yelp Burger each and a rack or ribs each.  They made the same comment, this was a really big slider! 

Will be back to eat the cowboy Burger and ribs again for sure!  Saw other people eating wings which looked really good too.  Thanks Yelp Burger Binge for getting us out to try this place!笑
Those burgers are finger licking good. Everything else that we ordered tastes mediocre ( I believe it was ribs and veggies). Service is pretty bad considering there're always empty.笑
The Boneyard Grill was, is and hopefully will be my favourite neighbourhood spot, whether it's for picking up a takeout order for a quick bite, or sitting down for a normal meal. 

I've been there dozens of times, and I can never get enough of their Louisiana sauce :)

Will repeat, many times.笑
Service was fast and friendly. The Waitress recommended the lunch special which was a pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich for $8.95 - not too bad and it also came with a pile of super thin cut fries.

Since the lunch special was at such a great price I decided to get the meat lovers combo for $26.95 - decided to go with the half rack of baby back ribs and half pound of wings with a side of onion rings and coleslaw. The ribs were fall off the bone and the wings were done right. Crispy skin on the outside but still juicy on the inside. Although the food was good it was nothing I haven't had before at a rib fest and the price is definitely higher when compared to rib fests.

A very solid place to visit for some BBQ meats

3.5 stars笑
Food was absolutely amazing. One of my favorite places to eat at. Really busy tonight. Obviously others agree.笑
I was craving a burger and like so many times before, I decided what better way to find a place to eat, but to Yelp it? Living near Hwy 7 and Leslie, there are not many burger joints because I'm in the heart of northern Chinatown. I was pleasantly surprised to see Boneyard pop up because it's about a 10min drive from home. Upon looking at their menu, I was set on trying it out. The place has a wide assortment of burgers, including specialty burgers, as well as various BBQ items. The thing that sold me was that they have onion strings and an option of mixed fries (regular and sweet potato fries or half fries with half onion strings (for an extra charge). I love onion strings! 

I ordered the Crunchy Juicy Lucy burger. It has cheddar cheese inside the burger...yummy, melted cheddar cheese oozing out of the burger...and is topped with tomatoes, lettuce and onion strings!  Did I mention that the burger is a 10oz burger?  Also, the pile of fries is huge! Not to mention, they are super thin and not soggy. One other thing to mention is that they ask you how you'd like your burger cooked. The name of the burger is not a lie...it was super juicy and hot off the grill. Leaning over my fries and burger gave me a mini steam facial! 

My husband decided to order the ribs with the onion fries and coleslaw...and to be honest, up until this point, I have not had a rack of ribs that even comes close to my dad's BBQ'd ribs...not until today! Most places steam their ribs because it's faster to cook and so they fall off the bones, but this place does it the way BBQ should be done!  They even have their own BBQ sauce that you can buy.  Needless to say, they ribs were perfectly cooked and so flavourful!! Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that we started off with the French onion soup. I'm always on the lookout for a good onion soup that's not too salty and their's was pretty good. I personally like more cheese and bread, but I was happy enough that it wasn't overly salty. Over all, I really enjoyed everything that we ordered. Can't wait to go back and try something else!笑
Wholly this burger is good ... This place got one of the greatest burgers you should defiantly check it out ... Service was great and place look nice ... Bring ur girl friend what happen very u want.笑
This place is great, staff was very friendly.  Food was good, I most enjoyed the ribs and the onion brick.  Burger was really good as well, think it was a homemade patty and not a frozen patty. Surprisingly even the wings were good.  Now if you knew me you would know that I like my food so for me to say this place has good food then it's a must try.笑
As a lover for all things BBQ, I enjoyed the burger. It was not as succulent as I would hope. It needs to be juicier! The burger is just not dirty enough! The sweet potato fries were dellcious! They were cripsy and crunchy!笑
This place is delicious, the burgers, steaks and beef ribs are all excellent. Had a slight issue with the doneness on my steak one day and the chef immediately came out to apologize to me and make sure that I was taken care of.笑
This place is just a stone's throw from the Promenade Mall. Went here with the family for my brother-in-law's birthday. Their food is mostly hamburgers, ribs, etc. But they did have a couple of seafood entrees & a veggie burger. I went for the Rainbow Trout entree which was a half of the fish, filleted.  The trout tasted really fresh & I shelled out an extra 1.50 for sweet potato fries which were done really nicely. Not too greasy or soft. Just the right amount of freshness. There was also a type of mango salsa on the side which was good but I wasn't in the mood for it that day.

Wait service was prompt, friendly and competent. We gave her a nice tip. This isn't a big restaurant, so if you have a group of 12 ppl or more I would suggest a larger place. But for our group of 9 it was fine because there weren't many other people there on a Sunday afternoon. Most people seemed to have ordered take out & came to pick it up instead of eating in the restaurant.笑
We went for a guys night out and decides to settle on this place because it was rated pretty high around the area (that wasn't Asian food). 

Upon coming in from a dark rainy late afternoon. We were greeted with a warm welcoming smile from the hostess who just happen to also be our waitress as well. The staff was friendly from begin to end. Service was fast and always attentive. Our glass was never empty! 

We got some ribs, chicken, wings and beef ribs. And boy were we glad we did. The home made sauce was amazing. 

They also came along with some sides as well. My favorite was the mixes fries. Nice helping of regular fries and sweet potato fries. The unique thing about them was that they're skinny yet just the right degree of crunchiness. Not over cooked and brittle. 

Definitely a good place to go if you're craving some ribs. Puts ribfest ribs to shame!笑
Ordered the Savour York set menu for $35, came with and appetizer, main and a dessert. For an appetizer I had the coconut shrimp, which were a decent size, but full of flavour, you can really taste the coconut in the breading. As a main, I had the ribs, and that sauce was just awesome, not too sweet. The meat was nice and tender, and cooked to perfection. The choice of meat was top quality. 

The service was quick and accommodating to our needs. The servers all came over to say hello and see the girls. 

It's a nice spot and will defiantly like to go back to try other item on the menu.笑
Been coming here for years. Generally been happy, however ever since they sold the place, the burger patty size has shrunk, the prices have gone up and the service has gone down. Further more, the quality has become inconsistent.笑
We went on Thursday, which has discounted Ribs (Half-rack for 16, and Full-rack for 22). Now I'm a big meat eater so I can tell you right now that for most of us that like to tear through ribs and wings, one rack is barely enough to satisfy. It really needs to be bigger. There is an entire potato of fries, so you'll probably be full. The flavour is very good, a complex sauce with a bit of kick that I couldn't place, and it's finished against open flames. Much better than crap you get from the mid-range chains like Montana's.

The place is a bit small - 30 seats - with sidewalk seating. On a weeknight, they were understandably understaffed. I guess they don't expect many people so one waitress is enough. This isn't my local neighbourhood so I won't come out here specifically for the ribs, the value proposition isn't good enough even on Thursdays. However, if I were closer, I could see popping by for a game night with some friends.笑
Honestly, I don't understand how this place had 80% of the tables full and a steady stream of takeout customers. My guess is that the surrounding condominiums support this local eatery because of sheer convenience.

That said the burgers looked good in the picture and I suppose we should've ordered that but we came for bbq. The baby back ribs were quite delicious BUT that is IT !

The wings tasted like the freezer; and the coleslaw and wilted greens were gross.

We ordered a Greek salad and it left much to be desired; olive oil for one.

The waitress (the one who looks like Elvira) wasn't knowledgable of the food and she was overworked. Try asking her what dressing is on the Greek salad; you will have a great laugh. 

Memphis barbeque in Woodbridge is a much better choice - go there. Further out but you won't be disappointed. We were.

FYI - I still tipped her $25 on a $130 bill. I'm not a jerk.笑
I went in expecting a decent BBQ but was happily surprised when the food came. I shared the onion brick which is a must try if you have a group. For my main I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was CRAZY GOOD! The meat was so moist and the bbq sauce was right on. I would suggest adding their chipotle mayo on for even more taste. The best part is it's well priced for what you get. Keep up the good work guys.笑
Came across this restaurant when visiting friends that live in the area. The restaurant itself is not very large and is located in the "village" of shops that surround the Walmart. 
On the day we were there (cold, windy, winter's day), a cold wind blew threw the restaurant every time the door opened (the restaurant does not have double doors, which would prevent his from happening) but I'm sure in the summer this wouldn't be an issue.
We sat in a booth near the bar area. Style is typical pub fare. 
FOOD
There were 4 of us having lunch.
I had the burger combo ($9.99) for a 10oz burger, fries (shoestring fries) and pop. It was good...not great.
2 people had the ribs ($14.95), fries and coleslaw. They smelled incredible and they woofed them down, so I would assume they were good (they were slathered in sauce). I'll go back as they said they were good and now I must try them.
The 4th person had wings, fries and coleslaw. Said the wings were "ok" which is code for "disappointing".

As they carry Cheesecake Factory desserts, we had to indulge (strictly for reference when thinking about writing a review). We had the Godiva Cheesecake and the Red Velvet cake. The Godiva cake was incredible, the red velvet a disappointment (it was dry and tasted a bit stale). 

All in all,  not a bad place. I will go back as I see they're in Savour Vaughan for 2013, plus I have to try the ribs.....笑
Finally! Finally, finally FINALLY! I get to try this place. It's only been open for how long? It's been on my bookmark list for ages and yesterday I finally got to eat here. 

Now I was a touch on the broke side so I couldn't afford to go in guns blazing and order up "racks on racks on racks" of Ribs (shout out to Drake), so I did the next best thing and stuck with my go to lunch choice - Burgers!

Specifically, I went with the Melting Cheddar Cheese and Housemade Smokin' Bacon burger. Deadly. Not just because they toss tons of cheddar and housemade bacon on top, but because the standard size of their burgers is a whopping 10oz! Jeez!

I loved the taste of this burger AND even more I loved that they allowed me to choose how I wanted my burger cooked. This is something I am rarely asked here in GTA, but I know it's common place in the USA. I went with the most option - Medium, which was cooked to a pink/red center.

The fries on the side were pretty cool - picture the shoestring size of McDonalds fries... only more.... skinny. The cutest looking fries (yes I'm referring to my fries as cute) I've ever seen! PLUS you get a wack load of them. Score!

This is a 4 not a 5 as I've yet to explore the menu in greater detail (salads, ribs, steaks, etc) so I'd like to start them off with a 4 and see if the other items don't push them right over the top for me!

Looking forward to my next visit (soon)!

Eatcrest Out!笑
We went on a Sunday. Very few restaurants open on Sunday in this area for some reason. We were the only people in the place (maybe thats why). So the only issue was lack of atmosphere......other than that it was very good. The value is incredible. The portions are large and the prices more than reasonable. 2 of us had the pulled pork sandwich with fries and the other 2 had the clubhouse. Tasted great and the server was very freindy and efficient. They do take out too.笑
The food is great here! The beef and pork ribs are both fantastic way better then the stuff u get at rib fest. Been here at least 4 times now and it has always been very consistent. 

Last night missed the mark a little cause it was pretty busy.  The food and service was slow.  But I suppose everyone has their off days.  If you're looking for ribs this is a nice spot to check out.笑
Awesome food, tastes really good. The burger and the ribs are really delicious. Good service as well.笑
Boneyard Grill is exactly that... A-OK.
For a quick, easy dinner choice, Boneyard is probably a solid bet.  However, I didn't find their burgers to be out of this world like some other joints I've checked out recently (Holy Chuck, Burger's Priest etc.).

In their defense, I ordered the veggie burger wrapped in lettuce... Probably not a number 1 choice when scoping out a real burger restaurant, but I had high expectations that were simply not met... even for a veggie burger.

I may decide to check this place out again and go for the real deal (a real juicy burger).. But for now, I'm still on the fence.笑
I went here on a Friday night in December and it was fantastic!  Everyone at our table of 6 enjoyed their meal!  I ordered the pulled pork which was out of this world!  The portions are epic and you will not be disappointed.  

I noticed there was a review here from someone who was sick by the amount of grease in their meal.  My response to that is: if you are worried about greasy food or counting calories, you should not be ordering a burger and fries.  They have plenty of healthier options on the menu - you should have ordered a salad.  If you suffer from heart burn, come prepared and bring your pepto!  If you like your burger well done - tell the server and they will happily cook it more for you.笑
After first sampling what Boneyard Grill had to offer at an event a while back, I've come back a couple of times, and have been just as impressed with the food and experience.

SERVICE:

Came on a Friday night, and it wasn't too busy. The servers here are friendly and helpful, and offered up a couple of good recommendations. 

FOOD:

We ordered the "Coconut Tiger Shrimps," which was nicely breaded, spiced, and came with two dipping sauces (one mango-based, and one plum). Was happiest about the "Pulled Pork Sandwich" though - this thing was filling, as it was jammed with pork and stuffed with crispy onion strings. As a big lover of onion strings, I was glad they offered the option of having them as a side instead of fries/salad. Though not really necessary, the dish also came with a nice little cole slaw to balance the meal.

VERDICT:

This place has some pretty good ribs, burgers, and the like, so I'll be back for that next time!笑
Ayce ribs. Cant go wrong really. Service isnt so great and honestly if i asked for coleslaw as my side it wouldve been nice to fyi it comes with coleslaw so i wouldnt end up with 2 bowls of coleslaw. Also washrooms need to be kept more clean it is a restaurant afterall.笑
Went here for Burger Binge Week 2nd yelping (twice).  The burger they have is quite good compared to their next door Binge provider.  I think they should make the combination a regular item on the menu.  But for reference (as copied from the Burger Binge Week post)

Our no fuss 5 oz Classic burger topped with cheddar cheese, BBQ chipotle, lettuce, tomato, pickles, bacon and stacked onion straws

The combination just blended well in my mouth.

The environment is pretty casual, but the staff look pretty classy for the environment.

The second time I went here was for takeout where I took home their beef ribs and an onion brick.  Loved the taste when I got home with it.

The 5-star rating was for the experience at the Burger Binge Week.  And I will have to come back here for a 3rd time with a larger crowd of different friends and family so we can enjoy more.笑
We came here during burger binge week and ordered the Giddy up Yelp burger. A 5 oz Classic burger topped with cheddar cheese, BBQ chipotle, lettuce, tomato, pickles, bacon and stacked onion straws (picture below).

This is the best Yelp burger I had so far! Patty was dripping juices. Sauce is so tasty that you wont need to add ketchup on your bun. Plenty of tasty onion straws. All this for $5!

Service was great and friendly even though we came during closing time. Free WiFi. I will surely come back here and try other items on their menu.