We've gone here a couple times because it's close, the pizza isn't that bad.  The place needs to be cleaned.  The walls are a some shade of grease, the lighting is poor and it just looks dirty.  I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like.  The service is poor at best.Ǿ
I used to be a loyal LUCIANO'S customer, and then I found out about LORENZO'S.  Sure, it's twice as far from my house, but WOW, they make great pizza!  (the best in the South Hills that I have had...)  The WHITE PIZZA (try it with tomato and spinach) is the best I've had ANYWHERE, and the WINGS are also made perfectly.  It's a PIZZA PLACE, but they have a great margarita night on Thursdays, and even have some live entertainment on occasion that rocks. (Rusty Old Bikers Band?)  Recently they have added some picnic tables.  The outdoor seating is great, and you can really enjoy a nice breeze on a summer afternoon and some pizza and beer.  Even if you aren't super hungry,  it's the perfect place to stop, because they serve pizza by the slice.  There are three taps, and it's a good variety - light beer, regular beer (Molson Canadian) and "semi" special beer.  (I think they can do a lot better than Magic Hat #9 for that "special" tap.)  Pizza can only cook SO fast, so it's typically a 20-25 minute wait for your pie, unless you order a slice, of course.  There are no waitresses, because the dining room is very small, but the guys in the kitchen are great and make sure you are taken care of right away.  Sorry Luciano's.  I still love you, but I gravitate towards the BEST!Ǿ
Good pizza and subs. Fast delivery and friendly serviceǾ
The pizza and other orders are "just okay".  And that's when they actually get the order correct.  We have ordered MULTIPLE times from Lorenzo's.  Put simply, it's a crap shoot.  Orders are FREQUENTLY incorrect and late.  When questioned about this, the owner is RUDE AND INCONSIDERATE.  We will NEVER order from Lorenzo's again as there are MANY OTHER, BETTER pizza places in Peters Township that provide much better service without Lorenzo's rudeness.Ǿ
I wish there were two sets of stars, one for the food - The pizza is a 10+ and one for the service, which would be a negative 10! I ordered a pizza at 1147 AM & it was ready at 1228 PM & there was only one order in front of me. The best part was when I asked at 1214 PM where the pizza was, I was told 'I guess it is in'. They had never even started the pizza until I ordered it a second time! Very disappointing, & I have been eating here for 14+ years! :-/Ǿ
Average food and horrible service. The only positive is that they deliver. When you call on the phone the people who answer make you feel like you are bothering them. Not a friendly group. Half the time they let the phone ring ring ring. Skip this place and fun pizza somewhere else in petersǾ
Definitely a $ - 1 dollar sign; not sure why someone put four dollar signs.

Family used to come here all the time until they started burning the pizzas. The bottom of the crust would always come back black...needless to say...

Inside could use some remodeling. Hard seats and tables. No ambience.Ǿ
We live in Peters Township and we are so glad to have stumbled upon Lorenzo's about 6 months ago. It's rare that more than 3 weeks passes between visits. Definitely our favorite pizza ever!!! We get the traditional with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms - deliciousness! And the dollar signs listed is not accurate...should be 1 or 2.Ǿ
We usually place an order for pick up here and I love it. The pizza is great, service is so friendly and it's easy to get to. Haven't had a chance to dine in yet but perhaps one day.Ǿ
We love the pizza, evening after he sold the business.Ǿ
Excellent pizza. I have been coming here for over a year for lunch.  Pizza by the slice.  Thin crust. Crumble sausage. Great sauce.  Again, this is my FAVORITE pizza in the South Hills. 

Beer on tap yellow. Liquor.  My favorite on this end of town.  Prices VERY reasonable!

These guys are very friendly and I always enjoy stopping by.