I really enjoy a good burrito bowl. Their menu consists of burritos, burrito bowls, tacos, quesadillas, tortilla salad bowls and nachos. This place also offers fresh ingredients like shredded lettuce, corn, salsa, cilantro, cheese,  etc...

I ordered their bean burrito salad bowl. And with all those fresh ingredients, the flavor was just not there for me. I also went the vegetarian route, expecting the guacamole to be included, but there is an extra cost. It fell short of beans, as the portions were small.

The prices are pretty good. And, the customer service was really good. But, overall it was just ok for me.笑
This was a huge disappointment.
There was some confusion with our orders.  The manager made no attempt,
what so ever, to help solve the issue.  Just yelled at us to get out of 'his' restaurant.  
My fish taco was not like any fish taco I have ever eaten, hard tortilla, which were broken and loaded with chipotle.  
One grandson ordered a taco salad.  Never seen one like what he got.
Most unappetizing presentation.

Tables were dirty and so were the floors.
Never again.  Rudeness doesn't do a business any good.笑
I absolutely love Mexican food, so when I heard there was a new place for me to get some quesadillas, I could not wait to try it.  I am so glad that we finally made it out to Quesada today.

I ordered the chicken quesadilla and of course, said yes to the fresh guacamole.  I was pleased, because the person I was with, ordered one of the HUGE burritos before me and when they asked him if he wanted the guac, he said yes too, but his server did not mention that there was an extra charge.  No, it's not a lot of money- I think about 70 cents extra, but he would have rather known, so just be aware of what ingredients you want added to your dish.  The prices are on the menu overhead, but in the excitement of ordering the delicious food, you may not think about it.  

I have heard that your experience depends on the people working at the time, but other than that one hiccup, the service was very pleasant.  The music was a tad loud so we had to say "Excuse me?" a few times while ordering to understand what they were asking.  Once you order and they heat your meal, you are able to sit down and your meals will be brought to  you at your table.

Overall, the service was fast, and the restaurant itself is kept very clean.  The cost of the food is great for the portion sizes you get.  I was highly impressed and being able to customize even your quesadillas like you would a Subway sandwich, made it taste phenomenal.  The churros were tasty and their burritos are also delicious.

I will definitely be back to try more of their menu, such as their burrito bowls- those look delicious too!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.