Favorite lunch spot in Lawrenceville.  Great quality, friendly employees, and fair prices. I've tried most of the sandwiches/wraps and never got one that I didn't like.Ǿ
This place is a great addition to the Lawrenceville corridor.  The selection of sandwiches and fresh salads is great and the price is right.  I personally recommend the Beef and Bleu panini.  The owner - Gary - was very friendly and the staff is great.  It would be great if they had tables either inside or out to sit down and eat a quick bite, though.  Definitely recommend!Ǿ
I ordered a variety of sandwiches for thirty people the morning of and the guys/gals at the Deli on Butler made sure I had it all in time for lunch.  They were great to work with, incredibly accommodating, and best of all, the sandwiches were just plain awesome.  They use fantastic, fresh bread.  The Pastrami sandwiches were the most popular amongst the crew, but I also really enjoyed the Turkey and the Italian sandwiches.  A big thank you to Gary and the crew for making it happen.Ǿ
I love this place! My short & simple review is that they have great food and I love their Chicken Salad sandwich. So much so, that I crave it in my sleep every day. I wish they delivered, although it's good that they don't because otherwise I would be here every day.Ǿ
I love the Salads!! And the soups are sooooo good and I think home made!! I really like that they grow their own herbs, nothing like garden fresh basil on my Caresse!!!Ǿ
I'll be fair. I had a bad experience here once. Maybe they were having a bad day, but it was enough that I won't be back. When four people behind the counter can't manage to handle two customers, that's the sort of service I expect at the Wendy's across the street. The food is good, but the wait can be really long if you're on a lunch break. I've put more hustle into it when I ran a deli counter. It also bothers me that there's no seating. I can't sit down to eat? That's not a lunch break to me. 

I would give the place three stars, because the food is definitely good, but this site says three stars is 'A-OK'. Whereas the truth is, I've had better.Ǿ
Gary is the best and everything they make is baller. I could wax philosophic on the importance of a local deli but that seems super dumb on Yelp, so just go there and eat a pastrami for fucks sake.Ǿ
AVACADO BLUE!! The deli is always delicious and makes Sammy's packed with meat and a menagerie of different flavors that mix perfectly. Never disappoints.Ǿ
So so yummy. Perfect lunch spot when you're in a rush or not in the mood to think because everything is well made, tasty, and simple. Who doesn't love a delicious sandwich!? They also offer a wonderful selection of Utz chips, sodas and other drinks, making lunch complete! My current favorite is the California Club (cold)!Ǿ
I really love getting food from here but there are some cons. The parking, for one, is awful. I absolutely acknowledge that this is not there fault; however, it still stinks. Also, the food is delicious but a bit pricey for the quantity. It is always fresh and tasty, just not an option for a cheap lunch.Ǿ
Cool little place I discovered while I was opening an account at PNC Bank that is across the street. Food is really good and the prices are unbeatable. The panini's are great and the wraps are not half bad either. I got way more than what I paid for and felt like it was a great value.

I spoke with the owner who was behind the counter and he seems like a very nice guy. The guy in front of me in line apparently had his order messed up and the owner was kind enough to fix it and give it to him free of charge. Cool little local place and a great way to support local businesses. 

They have no seating. The owner told me when he bought the building, the Crazy Mocha coffee shop that is next door bought the bathrooms so because of health codes, he is not allowed to have seating. TAKE OUT ONLY!!Ǿ
I can't believe some people are knocking the food here.  I truly honestly think these are the best sandwiches in Pittsburgh.  The pastrami and the brisket sandwiches are insanely good.  Everything is top of the line ingredients.  I'm  a raving fan.  

Try the brisket and/or the pastrami!Ǿ
By far the best deli in pittsburgh. The portions and prices are fantastic and their sandwich combinations are interesting and so good. Highly recommend!Ǿ
Pretty good.  I stopped in Monday at 1ish, no wait.  Guys working were having a little bit too much fun in my (and, it seemed, some of the other patron's) opinion--very loud and not paying attention to waiting guests.  But, whatever.

I got the american.  Literally piles of turkey and ham.  6" was like $6.15 with tax: excellent value.  Overall good sandwich, but terrible bread.  I'll probably go back and try something else at some point.  Decent spot.Ǿ
I absolutely love this deli! Their specials are always unique and tasty. As someone who craves chicken salad sandwiches but is picky about the quality, this deli is a great find. The sandwiches are generous and extremely flavorful.Ǿ
I'm in Pittsburgh on business. The facility I am training at is about three minutes away from the Deli. I was here for two weeks and went to the Deli three times. I'm back again for another two weeks and my first lunch was here and I am sure I'll be back in a few more times before I leave. The sandwiches and wraps here are just amazing. The macaroni salad is fresh and delicious. These guys are definitely doing it right. The staff is friendly and always smiling. If you have the chance, stop in and give these guys a try. You won't regret it.Ǿ
Everything about Deli On Butler is top notch. The food is amazing when it comes to taste, portion and price. The customer service you get is outstanding as everybody is very pleasant and personable.Ǿ
I've tried the Cobb wrap and the Italian panini.  The blue cheese in the Cobb wrap is a nice touch, making it a little more interesting than your typical chicken wrap.  The Italian panini is also pretty tasty, but probably could use a little bit of sauce to spice it up.

The service is very friendly and I will be back for more!Ǿ
I have to say this is the best sandwich I have had since I have been in Pittsburgh, hands down.

I had the Tutti and I was shocked when I received it, it was huge!  They offer you enough meat for the sandwich to be a meal (unlike nasty Subway, which is pretty much the same price) and it is all fresh. 

Not much more to say about a great sandwich!Ǿ
This place just opened about a week or so ago and I decided to stop in today. I got a great sandwich and potato salad on the cheap. The people behind the counter were kind and shared a few laughs together. Only one problem, the hours. They close at 5, 3 on Saturdays and closed on Sunday. Having a 9-5, I can only enjoy these good sandwiches is on Saturday afternoon. Be open later or open on Sunday, please!Ǿ
Their sandwiches are very solid, especially for the price point.  A great place to grab lunch!

They sell boar's head meat by the pound for a very reasonable price (for example, the roast turkey is cheaper and better tasting than what you get at Smallman Deli) and sliced cheese as well.  The people are friendly, and I have never had a bad experience picking up deli stuff here.Ǿ
I'm very impressed with the Deli on Butler. From the outside it looks like just any regular old deli, but the quality of the food here is astounding.

The Deli is a cute little place; I've walked past here many times and I've never stopped by. I'm so glad that my roomie and I did today! There is no seating inside unfortunately, but the owners let us know that we could sit over at the Crazy Mocha if we wanted to, which is nice. A lot of things looked good on the menu, but I decided on the brisket sandwich. It was absolutely delightful. The meat was tender and extremely flavorful, and the barbecue sauce on it was delicious! The bread was toasted to perfection. I did get the coleslaw on the side (it usually comes on the sandwich), and it was one of the only coleslaws I have ever liked. I was very impressed! My roomie got the chicken Caesar salad wrap, which she thoroughly enjoyed as well.

My one complaint is the hours. I really, really wish they could be open for dinner once or twice a week. At this point due to my work schedule I am restricted to coming here only for Saturday lunch...and I really would like to have a few options to come more often than that! It's really that good. Hopefully I can make it back here soon for another scrumptious sandwich!Ǿ
Just fantastic!  all takeout, no sitting.

Head in, see Greg, get yourself a sandwich, perhaps the Pasquale, named after his dad!

Pannin's are also good, Beef and Blue or Chicken Artichoke.Ǿ
Just visiting and ended up at a cool local spot. Stopped in right before a lunch crowd. The place had a decent amount of people waiting for food and after me, a huge line to order food. They took my order quickly and it was made in a decent amount of time, especially for how busy it was. When waiting for my order, you could hear the banter between customers and the people working there. It was nice to see so many people who are regulars stopping in and having a good time with the staff. 
Brought my sandwich home since I also picked one up for the SO. It had a great amount of meat (I got the Chicken cordon bleu panini) and was pretty good for a sandwich. Will be coming here again this week.Ǿ
This place is my go-to spot when I want a huge !@#%ing sandwich. Just down the street from me, the Deli on Butler Street uses Boarhead cold cuts and aren't afraid to pile it on.

The vibe inside is very close knit. I don't know for sure, but I think everyone working is in the same family. Their wedding soup is nothing to write home about, but it's good.

I love their sandwiches AND their subs. As I said before, they're piled high but they're also on amazing bread. Their Italian bread is crusty and chewy and their subs feel fresh baked. The ingredients are premium and in abundance and everyone is friendly and easy to talk to.

My only complaint would be their chip selection. It's scant and they only have Lays brand. They need to get a more gourmet selection, preferrably of the kettle variety. A bag of Lays doesn't mesh well enough with the quality of their sandwiches.Ǿ
The egg salad sandwich is the best! Sounds funny at a Deli who has amazing deli meat sandwiches.... But I always get the egg salad sandwich! Otherwise, great service, super portions, delicious food.Ǿ
So every time I order from here, I say to myself, "You only need to eat 1/2 of this behemoth sammy."  But I just can't stop myself and end up savoring every delectable munch right up until I'm staring at the empty sandwich paper thinking, "Good Lord, I did it again."  

My favorite is the Pasquale.  It's loaded with superb Boar's Head meat and a special, highly addictive, sauce (IV drip please!).  My only wish is that they were open longer (they close at 5pm) since it's hard for me to get there with my work schedule.Ǿ
I don't even know where to begin.  The family which owns and run this place is awesome.  They always greet you with a smile and a laugh.  They really make me feel like I am with family while I'm waiting for sandwich to be made.  I highly suggest the 4 cheese and tomato panini or the Tutti.  Just make sure if you order a tutti that you get everything on it, otherwise they will quickly tell you that its not a tutti.  Try them today, and you will be back tomorrow for more...I promise!Ǿ
Awesome staff, good food. They can make any sandwich you like, so be creative and go off the menu. 10/10!Ǿ
I get the Tutti sandwich almost every time because it is just soooo good.  Everything I have had here is great and it keeps me coming back time and time again.  Almost forgot, they use nothing but the best meats, Boar's Head all the way!Ǿ
This place is great.  I got a huge sandwich and a drink for about 8 bucks.  Friendly staff, quick service.  I will definitely be back.Ǿ
Stopped by for lunch and had a great experience. Staff was super friendly and they made a great sandwich. I got a turkey and provolone on a sub type roll. Fresh ingredients, great bread and some good coleslaw for a side.Ǿ
Shit rules! Best sandwich for your money in Lawrenceville!Ǿ
I'm never disappointed by this place. Well, actually I'm disappointed they aren't open more hours because I love their sandwiches and salads so much. They are closed on Sundays FYI and those are always the days I'm craving some lunch here. But I won't hold it against them! 

The menu includes salads, paninis, wraps, soups and sandwiches. They usually have featured sandwich concoctions that are a draw and it's generally hard to choose what I want to leave with. But I've never regretted my choice because their meals are always huge and such great quality. Also, the staff is very pleasant and friendly which is also another plus!Ǿ
Great place to grab lunch. Was in Pittsburgh looking to eat somewhere so what did I do? I pulled out my iPhone and had it search for lunch places. This was he best one I saw, plus they took Apple Pay! Always a bonus.Ǿ
This is one deli that makes me feel like I am back in NY where I grew up. From the owner Gary to the cashier Cynthia I feel like I am home. They make me feel welcome and the food is to die for. I haven't had one bad thing yet. And I had some tomato soup from there this past Saturday incredible. This is the perfect example a small deli should be. Family oriented, family owned and customer oriented. I could literally sit in there and talk to everyone for hours if I didnt have to work myself.

Thank you for a great experience and you will continue to see me on a weekly basis!

Cheers
Chris!Ǿ
I love this place. I have never had a bad item. Food is always fresh. Their premade salads like macaroni, chicken and tuna are always good. My go to lunch is a Cobb salad with their blue cheese dressing. The Tutti sandwich is very good too. There is no cover charge for the conversation either!  What a good neighbor.Ǿ
Yum! Got the Cobb sandwich for lunch, was delicious. Good amount of meat and veggies. Quick and efficient service. I do wish hey had a bigger bread selection, including a French roll or
Baguette instead of just sliced bread. A bit pricey for a sandwich with no drink or sides besides a pickle. Also no seating available when I was there so you have to take it to go.Ǿ
Nice lil spot... Food was ok ... Staff was great and friendly... But to me something was missing in the sense of what a deli has... Overall not bad , I'd
Go backǾ
Friendly, helpful folks making decent sandwiches. Good bread, great deli sauce, good prices, and some tasty combinations.

It's all Boar's Head meat & cheese, so that's the limiting factor here -- fine, but nothing special. What's special are some of the more interesting sandwiches, and the excellent service.Ǿ
Best deli in all of Pittsburgh! The owner Gary is so friendly and makes you feel like you have known him for years. I often order the buffalo chicken wrap and its beyond. My boyfriend usually get the tutti and its gigantic, fresh, and delicious.

My boyfriend lived in the area for a few years before we just moved out to the North Hills. He has tried almost every sandwich and raves about them all. The meat is mostly (if not all) Boar's Head and his prices are spot on. We will be making special trips to grab "the deli" even with moving up 279!Ǿ
Excellent deli sandwiches at great prices.

My only complaint is no seating.Ǿ
Rudest customer service. I walked in the establishment and the women behind the counter did not speak or greet. As I reviewed the menu and stepped forward to place my order. The women behind the counter did not acknowledge my presence, then rudely  took another customer's order who was standing behind me. I walked out the establishment.  I'm a pretty friendly person but this was unacceptable.Ǿ
Love this place. I would eat there seven days out of the week. The staff are friendly and grate at what they do. I only wish where was a place to sit and eat.Ǿ
I can't believe this is the first time I've tried this deli. I've lived in NYC for 12 years and this place reminds me so much of my favorite delis in NYC with how amazing their sandwiches are. Huge portions, divine bread, fresh toppings, delicious sauces (and their soups are terrific as well).  Can't say enough great things about this place!Ǿ
Went here for the first time last week and was so impressed I went back today. Everything you could want in a sandwich place. The meats are top notch and piled on. Staff is noticeably friendly, prices are wallet friendly, and they do not skimp!!! Love the pickle all wrapped up on the side to keep it separate. Totally solid and my new favorite place. I want to try everything!!!!Ǿ
I went here several times for lunch when I worked in Lawrenceville. The staff is very friendly and the sandwiches are a million times better than Subway. However, when you put in custom orders (in my case: no olives) they are sometimes ignored. Twice I opened up my sandwich after a 10 block walk and discovered there were olives and olive juice in my sandwich which completely ruined my lunch.

My recommendation is to check your sandwich before you leave, which I know makes you look like an a**hole but I just hate sitting down to lunch and discovering my meal is ruined.Ǿ
Great sandwiches and soups. Friendly staff.Ǿ
Love love loving their chicken salad sandwich! Also really enjoyed the Wedding Soup, it's light and delicious!  Perfect place to grab a sandwich and bag of chips, for a lunch in the park.  I'm sure we'll have many more lunches at Deli!Ǿ
I love the sandwiches here. Love them. Big hearty portions and delicious. My personal Favorite is the roasted veggie on rye and I'm not even a vegetarian. That's saying something..I'll be back soon and often.Ǿ
Great pastrami. But the people are what makes the vibe so goodǾ
Super friendly staff! Love the relaxed vibe from the owner and everyone working. They made my food within just a couple of minutes and it was delicious and healthy. They also have a cool relationship with the Crazy Mocha next door where deli customers can go sit at the CM to eat. I'll be back!Ǿ
I love this little place! The food is so good, and the people are probably the friendliest staff of any restaurant I've been too. They don't look miserable and bored. I love the chicken cesar wraps! And you get a lot of food for your money too. I wish I still lived in Lawrenceville so I could go here more often.Ǿ
Not too shabby! I had the Avocado Blue panini- turkey, blue cheese, avocado, bacon.. Mmm! Heavy on the turkey but really delicious. Not much seating- this place probably has most people take their food with them. Overall, pretty decent sandwiches if you're in the area and in the mood for a quick bite.Ǿ
The Deli on Butler always provides consistency with their sandwiches: it's always great!  Why go to some crappy chain place in the area when this place exists?Ǿ
Great spot, good food, friendly folks.  Only negative is it's on the expensive side for the basics, but not enough to stop me from coming backǾ
Great selection of fresh and delicious deli items. Good pricing too.Ǿ
Great food great staff! Owner is here all day and very friendly with customers. Been eating here for years now never had a sandwich or pasta I didn't like, at this point I've tried almost everyone they have. If they don't have what you want, ASK! They'll make it if they can!Ǿ
Great price, great food, great staff (both of them).  Everyone is so friendly, the soup is awesome, the chicken and egg salad is superb.  I would eat here everyday if I wasn't at work m-f!

I recommend the Pasquale sandwich, it's probably my favorite thing on the menu.  The home style homemade wedding soup is insanely perfect. You can call your order in and it'll be ready in 10 minutes usually.  It's a great place to grab a few sammies and run down to the river for little picnic. I cannot stress enough how i wish this place was open longer on saturdays (which is the only day I can manage to make it there.)  
The sandwiches are HUGE, they give you an awesome pickle spear, they have salted bread sticks (i'm obsessed with them) for your soup, and everyone is super cool there.Ǿ
Out of 5:
3.0 - Soup - Italian Wedding
3.5 - Pasquale Sandwich
0.5 - Soup - Macaroni and Cheese
1.0 - Avocado Bleu
2.0 - Caesar Salad with Chicken: too much iceburg lettuce, not enough leafs.  Standard dressing.  Sliced chicken breast doesn't go great with salad (but I shouldn't be surprised that it was used).
2.5 - Mediterranean Chicken PaniniǾ
Love this place for lunch during the week! Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, great prices. Can't beat it. The only complaint is how crowded it is, since it's no longer the best kept secret. Order ahead if you're on a time crunch. I really enjoy the Cob on Bread. Avocado, blue cheese crumbles, boars head chicken breast, lettuce, tomato and as if that wasn't enough.... BACON! All on freshly baked italian bread. Yum! Today I also had the Caesar salad, which was fine. Try it out if you're in the neighborhood. Definitely recommend!Ǿ
Hands down the best Deli in Pittsburgh! From the homemade soups and side items to the signature sandwiches, you will not find a bad item on the menu. I continue to introduce co workers to the Deli on Butler and even the pickiest people love it. Although the food is top notch, I would have to say that the best part about the Deli is the people. Even on a busy day, they make you feel like family and shout you out by name which goes a long way. If you are in the Lawrenceville area, stop in and you will not be disappointed!Ǿ
Amazing service. EPIC food!!!! I love ordering from there. The staff is very friendly and funny. Its a must try if your on Butler st.Ǿ
The Deli on Butler has been my go to lunch location for the past two years and will continue to be for as long as I live in this city. There is a good reason for this, the food is fresh and tasty, the staff is friendly and efficient, and the prices are very low for the level of quality. Pittsburgh is rife with restaurants that utilize poor ingredients towards creating a poorer product. The Deli on Butler is night and day different when compared with those and stands out to me as one of the few bright spots in Pittsburgh's dining community. Gary the owner, clearly takes pride in his business and it shows in both the level of cleanliness of his establishment and in the product he delivers. Do yourself a favor and skip over the other "delis" in Pittsburgh and come here, you won't be sorry.Ǿ
The place is clean and there are 4 tables outside to enjoy your meal.  However, I was not there for a meal.  I went in for the deli aspect of the establishment and I will not be back.  I went in and there was a very long wait to get served.  When I asked the cashier for 1/2 pounds of deli meats he almost seemed annoyed that I was just ordering meat!  He stares at me like I had horns growing out of my face!  I had to break the trance by saying "you do that right?".  Confirming that I was in fact in a deli and that they did in fact have meat to sell.  Then it took way too long to get my order, and the customer service was crap.  There are plenty other places that I could go to get way better service, so I think I'll go anywhere else next time.Ǿ
GET THE CREAM OF CHICKEN SOUP WHEN THEY HAVE IT! CHECK THE WEBSITE!

Sorry, I told Gary I'd tell the world what I thought of it. 

I went in planning on getting some potato salad and nothing more. 

I ended up with some terrific fruit salad also and some Cream of Chicken soup.

Gary gave me a free cup, sez I'm a "good critic" and all. 

I loved it. The chicken was very tender and they even threw in some mushrooms and those little BB's from the Italian Wedding soup. 

And I thought it was too hot outside for soup.  Good, good stuff.