I have been to this Milestone's location probably 3-4 times and I have always had a great time
*I have been to other Milestone's, particularly the Yonge and Sheppard location, and the food was the same throughout 
The most recent time I was there, we decided to just get a salad and share some apps 
We got the California Summer Salad 
This is my FAV salad and it is ALWAYS A must when I go to Milestones
It has Goat cheese, strawberries, pecans, and is just perfect
And I do like that they are not stingy with the goat cheese 
Then we shared the appetizer platter (calamari, asian chicken bites, coconut shrimp)
The calamari were great but they ALWAYS are - perfectly cooked and not too breaded
The chicken bites were also very tasty; I was impressed that they weren't deepfried and were very lightly breaded
The shrimp was good but the sauce had too much of a honey taste for my liking
We finished with the butterscotch dessert (I don't remember the name but they call it their take on a creme brulee)
The service was great
Milestone's is DEFINITELY my favourite out of all the "chain" restaurants and is WAY better than Moxie's笑
First time here in many years. Was a good place to meet with friends when in school. The atmosphere here is casual yet energetic. I like that there are tv's here that show live sports笑
It is ok. Service was good. Beverages took forever to get to our table. We ordered an appetizer and it got there before our cocktails!  Appetizer was a goat cheese and bread, awesome! Just took forever for everything else. Noticed that Jack Astors was a lot busier than Milestone! We got our food and it was ok. Took forever. Lacking flavor, but ok. Even the servers didn't look happy. No enthusiasm!笑
I remember Milestone's being great around 10 years ago. Now, not so much. I ordered my go-to, the spinach and artichoke dip. I was so disappointed to see that they have changed it from how it used to be back in the day! It used to be super cheesy, warm, and delicious. Now, there seemed to be no cheese in it at all. We got the chorizo flatbread as well, which was pretty awful. I definitely do not recommend it. The service also wasn't great- no one came to refill water, they never cleared empty plates, left the menus on the table after we ordered, etc. Honestly it was a bit of a bizarre experience. However, as others have said, they have great drink specials, and the patio is awesome!笑
Service wasn't wonderful but it seemed we got there right smack in the middle of their busiest time.  As we waited for them to take our order I saw several people receiving this cute drink in a martini glass, so I tried it.  Best FUN cocktail I've ever had.   SO YUMMY. Its their twist on the Bellini. FYI It is frozen though and I know some don't like frozen drinks. Food was well prepared and tasty.  Fun atmosphere and if you sit by the window you get the Dundas view.笑
Stopped by here with some friends after attending an event at the Ted Rogers Center for Management (Ryerson University).  We had a large party, so we ended up with the casual bar seating with high chairs.

Much to our dismay, it was quite loud in that section and our group of eight was essentially fractured with four of us having one conversation, and the other four engaged in another.  There happened to be a "Girl's Night Out" Tuesday special that we were told we could participate in, despite being a mixed group, so we went ahead and ordered 4 bellinis and 4 appetizers for $40 -- which is good value any way you slice it, but unfortunately the appetizers didn't really deliver.  

Toronto definitely nails ethnic food in pretty much every category, but when it comes to bar food or classical American food, you really see the difference in taste.  I wasn't really impressed by any of the appetizers (shrimp, baked cheese, artichoke, sweet potato fries), but the one thing I did enjoy was my drink (called the "Caramel Kiss") that was beckoning me ever since I saw a photo in one of the many menus lying on the counter.笑
I had a really nice time here last night. Cody was a very nice waiter & Cedrick was a friendly and accommodating host. The food was tasty but expensive. The Urban Gimlet was slightly under poured, but it tasted fantastic. The food took quite a while to arrive, but was worth the wait.

Try the Butternut Squash Ravioli or the Grilled Chicken Asiago.笑
This the worst experience I have ever had. I love Milestones but I do not like this location, not one bit. 

We get to this location and the hostesses greet us and ask where we want to sit. Of course we say we would like the window seat if possible and the host tells us they are all reserved and I ask when are the reservations for because you know we were not planning on spending hours there and she starts to become annoyed and then rude. The other hostess seats us in the dining room and my boyfriend realizes that we can at least sit outside on the patio. He goes back to ask the bitchy hostess who makes him wait for a long time before even saying that the patio is free. The whole patio is free by the way, there is 3 tables of people. 

We are trying to be positive, maybe the food will make up for it. We order the prime rib as our main and my boyfriend orders a prime rib slider which comes immediately. The prime rib however takes over an hour and by the time it came, it was brought out by kitchen staff. Our food was definitely sitting under the heating lamp, it was dry and barely luke warm. The sweet potato fries were cold. Oh and we had no utensils even we got our food. I had to go inside to find the server to get us utensils. She never came back to ask us how the food was or I would have said it was cold. There was no point of complaining because even if they brought it in to reheat it would be another hour. I had to chase her down for a drink refill. When she brought our bills, she did not ask if we needed a debit machine, she disappeared. We paid in gift cards and would have gladly tipped her if she had done her job at all.  

My cons were the rude hostess, inconsiderate server and cold food. There was no accountability taken by anyone at this establishment.笑
Not sure why this Milestone's has such a low rating. Every time I have been here, everything has been great. The service has been consistently decent and the dishes are standard. I usually go for the Californian burger which comes with bacon and guacamole.  The only thing I wish they did is to revert back to their curly fries!笑
We hungrily stumbled upon Milestones, after a horrendous wait (over an hour) at The Pickle barrel.

We walked in as a group of 7, and much to our delight we were seated immediately! The hostesses were so polite and super friendly.

Our server was enthusiastic and outgoing and took our drink orders right away and they were brought to us just as fast.
One of my dining companions has severe, and life threatening food allergies. We explained this to our server, and he said "you know what, I am going to get the cook and bring him out here so you can explain this to him, I don't want to take any chances" 
WOW! That is above and beyond our expectations.

After she dictated her order to the cook, he vanished to personally make it to her safety specifications.

The server then reappeared, having received the rest of our orders, to top off drinks, and we talked him into taking pictures with us. 
He was a very fun guy! 
Soon our food was brought out, and I cannot express enough how tasty it was. 
Steaks cooked perfectly.
Every item was exactly what we wanted, and absolutely delicious.
The server checked on us numerous times after that.
This was one one of the first times I can say we were treated like royalty.
Best experience ever! 
If ever I am in Canada/Toronto again...Milestones will be my first dining choice.笑
Came here before going to a concert at Massey Hall on a Friday night. This place is packed! You have either the out of towners who are still in awe of the big city or locals who are grabbing a drink/eating a meal after work. 

After a long, busy week, I rewarded myself with the famous Milestone Bellini. It was a little too sweet for my liking, but I def wouldn't discourage you from ordering it. 

Both the companion and I ordered salads with the Kobe sliders and the spinach dip. Good choices. The salads were 'whatever', but I enjoyed the Kobe sliders. With one order, you get three little burgers with a mustard spread on the side. The spinach dip was pretty good too. It wasn't too salty and there was a little spicy kick to it. 

If you find yourself going to the Canon Theater or Massey Hall and you need to grab a bite, consider Milestone's.笑
The service was terrible, the food was very bad, and it smelt really bad. I wouldn't bring anyone here for a birthday or ANY Celebration really. The only caveat was the birthday treat and even that was served as more of a grunt then experience. Milestones use to be a great place to have a nice night out but on Sundays it seems to be lacking both in enthusiasm and grace. 

I DO NOT RECOMMEND YOU GO HERE. BUYER BEWARE!笑
After the theater, wanted to get some drinks and some appetizers. It was very busy there. Ended up at the bar where it was a full menu. Didn't even get food. The service there was SOOO Slow. It took us 30 min just to get our drinks. AND ONLY HALF OF US GOT DRINKS. She forgot the rest of the drinks and we just forgot about it. 

Can't review the food as we didn't get any, but major CON was the service speed. I can say the service was friendly, but VERY SLOW.笑
This location is great, especially in the summer.  The patio above Dundas Square is amazing. Service at this location has always been good too.

The only real downfall is that the food is a bit pricey and mediocre at best.  I have never walked out of there thinking to myself "that meal was awesome", more like "I'll try something else on the menu next time".  That being said, they have a few tasty items, and decent weekly specials.  

It's more of a place to drink, socialize and grab a snack for me!笑
This seems like the Canadian version of Seasons 52...a gloried US Chain.  It was Canada Day and since Canadians treat they're citizen well so a majority of the other restaurants I wanted to eat at were closed or full so we defaulted to Milestones.  The food was decent-I had the meatloaf and the decor was modern and eclectic.  However; the service is quite possibly the worst I've experienced.  Our useless server didn't get our dinner orders until after we had drinks and an appetizer.  On top of this, we waited 20 minutes to receive the check and were forced to leave an 18% tip due to the damned debit machine they bring to the table.  Unless it's another national holiday, I won't be back.笑
Enjoyied the food very much and had fast and friendly staff that serve you. The setting is very modern and a perfect place to have a business lunch or to take a date too.笑
Our bartender Cass totally screwed us over!! Three American women, just new in town for a long weekend. Loved the look of the patio and view. Didn't have time for dinner, but checking place out so went to bar for a drink. Bar tab $32 CAN, hadn't converted any US dollars so asked if we could pay in cash that way. Hadn't looked up conversion rate so gave bartender $40US and he said he'd figure out for us. Told us us we still owed $7.50!! Left him another $20 US to cover plus great tip. I'LL SAY!! $50 US is over $60 CAN for a $32 CAN tab. @$!×@&* What a dick!!笑
Great location, good setting and decent service. That's all you are paying for. The food is just not worth it. We went with a group of about 6 or 7 and most of them complained about how bad the food was. It was just poor quality food and didn't taste good. They have two different types of ravioli. My girlfriend got one and I got the other type. It was dry and not enough sauce. They were hard too. It felt like they jut took it out of a freezer put it in the plate and microwaved it. Someone that ordered a Caesar salad complained it was dry and not enough dressing and that it was mainly hearts and not the leaves.笑
The restaurant buzzer is a symbol of hope. It is a promise that, although there is not currently a table available, there will be. That chosen-one jackpot moment of jubilant buzzing and flashing will soon be upon you...or will it?

I went to Milestones on a sunny day to enjoy a drink on the patio with a friend.  We were told that there would be a 25 minute wait, but that we were welcome to grab a drink in their lounge area in the mean time. Equipped with our buzzer, we sat at the bar and waited to be served. It took ages before a waitress deemed us worthy of her attention, at which point she brought us menus and forgot all about us. She finally took our extremely difficult order of two glasses of wine. My gaze periodically flitted over to our dormant buzzer and I silently willed it to spring to life - but it remained still. The waitress set two big empty glasses before us and we rejoiced that although we were still not in our desired locale, at LEAST we would have a beverage to tide us over. To our dismay, those surly oversized glasses just sat there tormenting us along with our lame buzzer. We started to wonder if this was all some sort of cruel joke when, more than 10 minutes after the glasses were presented to us, they were finally given purpose! I know wine is really tricky to supply, it's not as if it's just sitting around in bottles waiting to be poured...

We enjoyed our wine and chatted for awhile. Hope of the buzzer sounding faded the closer we got to the bottom of our glasses. We were there for an hour and a half, and our table never became available.  As we were paying the bill, our waitress said, "We could seat you on the patio now if you'd like." Ya, no. Thanks - we're good.笑
We came here the other day to watch the blue jays game. The place is very nice amazing location and design. But that is it drinks are over priced food is OK for the price you pay. One thing I really hated about this location is the washroom location. I hate the location of this washroom it is all the way at the back. You have to walk like 5 min just to get to washroom and come back. This is pathetic for a bar. People drink and need to go to washroom more often so put the washroom is a decent location.笑
I went to Milestone's to celebrate an occasion with a friend. The place has quite a bit of seating space as compared to the other places on the floor which keeps the wait times minimal. You have the option of sitting in the lounge, restaurant, patio (weather permitting) and even in the lobby just outside the restaurant. The lobby is where we sat and I wasn't sure if it would be nice....at the end, it didn't really matter although if you want to hear the music then you are out of luck. 

The service was prompt and very attentive. I was happy with the recommendations as well. I started out with a chocolate martini which was alright...I have had better, much better. The gin-tonics thats followed were good. The flat bread bruschetta and asian chicken for apps were pretty good. I preferred the chicken. I ordered the lamb sirloin with was okay and actually a bit cold by the time it was served to me. 

Overall, service 4 stars. Food 3 stars. This place doesnt really stand out and I wouldnt have a long debate between selecting Jack Astors across the hall or this place...they are pretty much the same.笑
You know what? I like Milestones. Yes it's corporate, but still fairly classy and the food isn't bad. When I go I usually grab the trio of delicious Kobe sliders served with spicy mustard and another app like the yam frites or the artichoke and spinach dip -- both excellent. The menu is a touch too inclusive which means no real standouts. That said, I really enjoy the meatloaf and the portobello mushroom chicken entrees. The lounge is swell for drinks; try the bellinis if you are so inclined.

Obligatory Title Pun: You don't know a restaurant 'til you've walked a MILE in their STONES.

Menu Readability: Ooh, it's bound in "leather." So fancy.

Need to mention: They have a long patio overlooking Yonge and Dundas square. Great spot in the summer.

What this place teaches me about myself: If stranded in the suburbs, I would easily be able to find sustenance for myself.笑
Atmosphere. Great views of yonge & dundas square from the patio. The decor is modern and chic as you'd expect from this chain. Smoking permitted outside

Food. Burger with a side salad was delicious and filling. At $15 it made for a highly affordable lunch.

Service. Attentive but poor follow through.笑
I've been to Milestones a few times before for dinner and it was delish.

So I was forced against my will to go there for breakfast right when they open up at 11am, and I was since it was pretty early eating wise in the day, we just got waters with our meals and we both got small dishes. 

So our total came to $37 before the tip.
This is for breakfast mind you.
Like $37 for 2 small meals before noon, are you fucking kidding me?

They should change the name of their chain to DINNER PRICES ALL DAY (plus tip)笑
One of the worst restaurants I've been to. By far the worst I've been to in the city and I've lived here for almost 3 years. My girlfriend and I came here with her little sister because the location was right for us and we knew it had a kids menu. We decided on the "party platter." Which consisted of nachos, spinach dip, chicken wings, thai chicken bites, and garlic bread. 
The food didn't taste fresh, was incredibly overpriced, and the service was real bad.

More specifically...
Nachos were generic tasteless chips and there were hardly any of them. The dip was actually decent, but not enough chips for it so there's that. Chicken wings tasted like the kind you can buy frozen and throw in the oven. The thai bites were ok, but not even warm suggesting they were cooked ages ago. And the garlic bread was dry and bland. Oh we also got some fries which were limp and undercooked. 

The party platter was $27 which is unnaceptable for the quanitity and quality of food we had. 

Finally we got some desert to try and redeem this place. The restaraunt was dying down at this point so it shouldn't have taken as long as it did. It was about 30 minutes till we got it and it was a s'mores style desert with roasted marshmallows which were cold. At a certain point I actually asked the server not to bring it out because we had to get going and then 5 minutes later she comes with it, sparklers lit while my girlfriend and her sister were in the bathroom. Terrible, terrible, terrible. 

I'm sad to say the first restaurant to compel me to write a review was such a bad one! No pictures unfortunately because I didn't feel the need to for such an underwhelming experience.笑
Drinks were terrible, ordered the sangria and peach Bellini. Both were very watered down and too sweet. For apps we ordered three cheese bread, calamari and fish tacos. Mediterranean chicken, prime rib for mains. All was very underwhelming. Not worth the price or the calories. Would have been better to stay home.笑
Food was just ok with that price. I usually don't drink, but I ordered caesar last time with friends there. It was so weak, i could say i didn't taste any alcohol. I guess that's how they make money?笑
This comment does not relate to the regular Milestones menu/dish!
Not a first-time eater at Milestones, but it was a big mistake to go out of the ordinary to try the Trio for 2 - Inspired by Iron Chef menu. I'm never a picky eater but it was really difficult for me to say anything or even smile back when the hot waiter asked me how my meal was. I should have being honest, I didn't and I still regret it. We had 3 girls and the bill turned out to be over $120 --- $120 for total disappointment. This meal actually made me wondered, if there's a similarity between award-winning movies and award-winning food. Because either of them, I just don't get it!!!

Anyone being curious? Please try it. I really wonder if anyone would like this meal and think its worth $60!!! (We also ordered one salad and two Martinis off the regular menu which were all fine, but my unsatisfied stomach and anger just won't allow me to think about anything positive about this meal.)笑
This Milestone location is a far cry from its other branches within and outside of the city. Both the service and food is dissapointing. Be prepared to be told, " I have to wait 5 min before ordering your drink". Incredibly rude, abrasive, inattentive staff. Good was really mediocre! What happened, Milestpnes? The Dodd used to be so good.笑
Wow - I am shocked that I am giving Milestones a ONE*... this is so unlike me.. and even more so unlike THEM!
1. Maybe it is because I am use to Vancouver food and yes it can be quite different than Toronto seafood.
2. Maybe it is because I try to avoid chains to try independent restaurants but I have never had a problem with Milestones in the past.
3. Maybe it is because of crazy downtown nights that lead to a bad night.
4. Maybe this is just a bad Milestones, but I had no expectations going into this after reading previous reviews from Yelpers.
5. Maybe....................

We were going to watch Fiddler on the roof with my Boyfriend's parents - they suggested M4, to which I did not think would be a problem. I think Milestones is great.... the place looked grand, separated by the lounge and a large dining room. The manager at the front kept everything in order, from directing people with/without reservations to the appropriate hostess. I found the table where my group was sitting. The waiter was courteous, but clearly he was having a very busy night as we did not see him very often. Waters took long to get to the table and he would leave to complete another task although we were ready to order and did not even get a word in before he dashed off.

The calamari and flatbread was ordered to share.... while it had taken a while for it to come out, the waitor apologized that it was taking so long and that he ordered the mains in soon after so that we would make it to our show. The flat bread was actually one where you had to assemble everything yourself - kind of like a deconstruction: with goat cheese, cranberry sauce, salsa and a corn relish...it had some good flavours, but I was not impressed by any means. The calamari plate was small and cold.... tasted soggy as I was chewing it and there was so much left over diced onion that the proportions did not seem right. My guess is that one dish was waiting on the pass while the other one was catching up, leading to this disappointment.

As soon as the appies were finished, the mains came out, good timing I guess? I ordered the seabass with shitake mushroom vinaigrette and seasonable vegetables.... looked nice.... tasted.... gross. The fish was completely overdone, and burnt all around the outside with me pick it all off. The inside was dry and I just did not want to eat it. The minimal shreds of shitake mushrooms were submerged in a large puddle of oiliness that was extremely unappetizing. The rice, although has a nice light flavour, was clearly made from a mold, but it was as though glue was used to assemble it. It was hard and difficult to separate. 

Seasonal vegetables you say? I was given one strand of brocolini, a small baby carrot, and a half slice of roasted squash... presented by itself on the other side of the plate. Very lonely.

My boyfriend had the veal chop in a curry squash sauce. The veal was extremely hard to chew, very firm on the exterior and the sauce was overpowered with curry, I would have never guessed there was squash.

We took a chance on dessert, and ordered the pot de creme, similar to a creme brulee texture, but in a butterscotch flavour, without the burnt sugar. Instead, there were chocolate crumbles on top. Looked like a fancy butterscotch pudding, tasted like butterscotch pudding with more cream.

Milestones may have lucked out because this location is so convenience for so many people. With so many restaurants in the main core, I know there are lots better. Wow - I think I've said some not so nice things but if you're in the heart of downtown Toronto, I expected you to dress to impress...笑
This review is only for drinks... Me and the Mrs. were in Toronto for the weekend and decided to explore the PATH from Yonge and Front E. We finally came out of Eaton Center Mall and the first thing I saw was the Milestone's Grill & Bar.. I was very thirsty! Thirsty for some BEER! Milestone's had some specials going on for beer. $5 Stella's! That was a no brainer for us!

Mrs. tried the Original Bellini and after 2 of them, she was in her happy zone!

Ambiance was really nice and our server/waitress was really friendly! Ensured that we had a really nice experience!! 1 star specifically for her!笑
Eh I'll pick a Milestones over a Pickle Barrel every single day. 
My partner and I prefer the Yonge-Dundas theatre over Scotiabank, and this is the easy choice for dinner. The service is pretty good, last week our server seemed a bit overworked he wasn't at the table very frequently, but he was nice and trying, which I just appreciate. 
I try to not get pissy when my order is weird, ordered a veggie burger and got a salad with bacon on top? Or another time when I ordered a burger and it came with no toppings (I order my burger with everything). But they fix mistakes quickly with no attitude. 
I like the sugary hangover in a glass bellini, with the little plastic monkey. 
If you want inoffensive food, that will hit the spot, with friendly staff. Just a nice dinner before a movie, perfect place. I don't want to sit there for three hours having dinner, I just want to relax a bit eat a burger and have a drink, and not be annoyed. 
Also regarding those photos someone else posted, paper towel in an over full washroom isn't that bad, not like someone peed all over the floor and it was left, sometimes places get busy, and could have been whoever had to check their got busy with something else and was on their way to change the trash. And the kitchen floor was dirty, which can uhh happen in the middle of dinner service. The counters looked clean.笑
Overpriced. Bad service. Avoid. I don't even think I need to say anymore because that pretty much sums up the experience.

My friend and I specifically came here to sit on the patio. Specifically. We let the front desk person know, who said it would be a 20 min wait and gave us a buzzer. No problem. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and some apps.

Let's talk about the drinks and food first - it came out quickly, so we were off to a good start. However, the raspberry mojito tasted like watered down syrup without an ounce of alcohol. The second drink, Unusual suspect, a bourbon concoction was actually good - a glimmer of hope. The flatbread apps were... meh. 

Okay, 40 minutes later, our buzzer hadn't lit up so we asked one of the servers to follow up on our patio request. Never came back. Another 40 minutes later - we were done our food and drinks, and still no buzzing! In fact, our server just took the buzzer with her when she cleared our plates.

I was bummed. Really. Especially because I was treating my friend to her birthday and we just wanted to enjoy drinks on the patio.

And $55 for two apps and two drinks, really? There is no way this place deserves to charge that much given it's service level, and meh-food.

Step up yo' game Milestone's.笑
Went in here with about a group of 15....this place was packed on a Thursday night and first time to a Mileston's....cool set up and def a good spot for large groups

We had pretty good service...but food was great and beers were cold....def a solid spot in the Dundas square.笑
I've been to this location twice and both times were terrible dining experiences. The first time I came was with a group of 5 for dinner. We didn't order any apps and went straight into ordering entrees. Since we were all catching up with one another, we didn't realize until an hour after we ordered than our food hadn't arrived yet! The hour+ wait time to get our food wouldn't have even been a huge issues for us since we we're having fun talking, but it was the food that was terrible for 4/5 of us.

I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich, and while it may look nice, it was the worst meal I've ever ordered. I understand that they use a Sriracha sauce, but man was that burger spicy! I let my friends who love spicy food try it as well and they said that it was ridiculously spicy. The fries that came with my meal were drenched in salt. Even the waitress said she's never seen so much salt on the fries before. My friend ordered the seafood pasta and said even her dish was way too spicy. We asked the manager if we could order something else and thankfully she was nice enough to give us a discount on whatever we ordered.

The second time I came here was with coworkers for lunch. Given that it was the middle of a work day, there was barely anybody else in the restaurant. I ordered the stacked chicken parmersan, and surprise surprise, all our food came an hour late and my chicken parm was, for some reason, spicy! It was like they mixed cajun and chilli sauce instead of tomato sauce. The food arrived so late that we couldn't even stay to finish our meal because we had to get back to work.笑
Wow this Milestones has gone downhill since the last time I've been here. I came here tonight for a colleague's farewell drinks and dinner. First things first, the waiter did not have any personality for his job. Sorry but I know you were over our table after we sent back COLD AND SOGGY calamari but your personality does not fit the role. He seemed tired of us. He did check up time to time but for being there 3 hours (some friends for 4 hours), time to time is not acceptable. We had to flag him or some other servers down. Anyways, our drinks were super slow. No one cared to update us or anything. I was also SO disappointed. $13.75 for 2 measly lettuce wraps!!!!! Joeys probably costs the same but they give you a little more. It was salty AF but because we already returned a dish and I was super hungry, I just ate it and ordered another fish taco to satisfy my hunger.

Definitely disappointed about this place. It was busy being in dundas square but again, just not a good experience at all. I will not consider milestones for dinner going forward. Overpriced and terrible service.笑
I usually really like Milestones but this one star is specifically for the obnoxious server. He came around to our table with his little server apprentice who seemed to be new I suppose? taking notes? I'm not sure. Didn't really bother me but the main server dude seemed to think he was the most charming person in the world who was gracing us with his presence. 

So anyway, my friend wanted alternatives for her food due to dietary restrictions and he was very short with her. And as the evening progressed he forgot all about us. It took him 45 minutes FORTY FIVE MINUTES to clear our table. We kept trying to meet his gaze but he looked right through us till we finally asked someone else to help us out. 

He came back to us eventually...and we asked for a dessert menu (our mistake I know) which took him yet another 20 minutes to bring. By then we had already spent around 2 and a half hours there and were losing our patience. So when he came back in another 15 minutes to take dessert order we  just asked for the bill instead.

After we paid the bill he just walked off without a word, no goodbye..no have a nice day..no sense of manners that you normally show to other people on a HUMAN level. It was highly disrespectful. Suffice it to say, never coming back here again. The server ruined the whole meal for us.笑
Milestone's, oh Milestone's. The only time I go to this establishment is when I have one of those gift certificates to burn. (Always provided by an elderly aunt who believes it's the pinnacle of suburban class).

The gigantic restaurant was half empty and we were seated in a cramped two person spot, ok, whatever, I understand you're banking on big groups but it was already 10 p.m. and guess what, THEY'RE NOT COMING.

Regardless, my Guiness martini was delicious and bizarre and the boyfriend got a decent bellini. We were unimpressed by the meal offerings for the price (and past experience) so we got the goat cheese bruschetta which was pretty tasty and the phyllo shrimp. 

Why is this only a two review instead of a three? The washrooms were gross. I went twice, once at the beginning around 10pm and again at about 11pm. Overflowing wastebaskets, toilet paper everywhere,  drippy sinks, the first stall was broken. Etc. Not what I expected for the price of the products.笑
This place is a disaster. The servers are rude and ignorant, they are basically talking to each other and doing nothing.笑
Ambiance is good, specially if you get a patio table outside. 

Service - Don't expect anything spectacular, specially if it is busy / sunny afternoon

Drinks - Bellinis are always good, Raspberry Mojito was just right...

Food - Cali Burger, not impressed.  The burger just didn't hit the spot in any way.  The Yam Frites on the other hand were good, not the best but good...

Seafood Fettuccine, just okay.

Chocolate Ibarra Cake - good for chain restaurants... caramel and chocolate were missing the rich flavours that make this style of cake awesome.笑
I've dined here a handful of times, each one consistently bad (1-2 stars out of 5). My most recent visit really took the cake for  being the worst. Wait time was not too bad, and we were seated after waiting for half an hour. Service was decent, nothing to complain or praise.

After waiting another half an hour for the food, they all came out at once. Four of us in the group ordered pasta and three of us had to send it back. The food was cold. 

I don't know about you, but I like my pasta to be hot, unless I specifically ordered a cold salad pasta. So, I informed my waitress and she took it back and gave me a new one. It was slightly warmer but still not better. 

I won't be dining here again.笑
I went to this Milestones last week with my family. We ordered the flatbread which it was really good. The salmon i ordered was tasteless, no salt and the vegetables were blend. Service was a bit slow.笑
I can't help it, I like this place.  The food is pretty good and the service was excellent.  I love the curry chicken, that is why I go.  And the bar is nice.  EVERYONE was smoking on the outside patio and it was disgusting - I wish they would change that rule. So, if you dislike being around smokers, do yourself a favour and eat inside.笑
We booked the private room for dinner for 15 people.
The waitresses were very friendly and helpful. They did not rush us to order or pay.
The food was delicious as well as the bellinis :)
The room was really nice, you could decorate it for a really nice touch.
The only disappointment was that there were only 3 desserts available, though the ones we chose (drunkn donuts) were really good.

I recommend this place笑
Drinks taste good but service is slow and NOT industry standards. Waited half hour to be told ran out of an appy with no compo offered. I didn't even have anything else coming and lost my interest. First drink took awhile to be offered too.笑
When I walked in to the restaurant, just based on the location and ambiance I would have given it 5 stars! but there are so many other factors that must be considered when rating a restaurant.
The service - was pretty bad. We probably did was much work as our waiter when it came to setting our table, and clearing it up. The drinks were mediocre at best. For such a nice looking bar and drink menu, you would expect the drinks to taste much better. The food, was the best part. I have no complaints there :) We ordered a couple different items, the spinach dip, the veg burger, the thai chicken wrap - and all the dishes were great! Definitely a place worth checking out. Hopefully you'll have better luck with the server, and drinks笑
Milestones is milestones. Basically a chain place. You know what you're getting going in there so don't expect a whole lot. Decent food at a above average price.

Unfortunately, however, there are some things that are unacceptable. 

Please see the attached photos of my visit this evening. Even they do not do the "dirtiness" justice, as the kitchens were absolutely even more deplorable but I could not get in there to provide proof.

Will never return. 

Absolutely disgusting.笑
I went to Milestones with a friend recently for dinner and since the Jays game was playing, we took a seat at the bar. When the bartender came over to us to take our order, I asked for a glass of Kim Crawford. She looked a bit confused, so I said, the Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc. She asked for my ID, and I provided my driver's licence. 

I'm 32 (turning 33 next month) but I'm asian and do look a few years younger than I am, so while I was a little surprised, I happily obliged. My friend ordered a beer, and the bartender asked for his ID as well. She took a quick look at my friend's ID and gave it back to him. Then looked at mine, looked at me, and looked at my ID again. She asked me how old I am and I told her I'm nearly 33. She stared blankly at me, so I said again, I'm currently 32 but I turn 33 next month. She looked at my ID again and asked me for a second piece. I provided my credit card, and she said no, that wouldn't work. (I checked when I got home and acceptable forms of secondary pieces of ID include anything with an imprint of your name and signature. Credit cards are acceptable). I pulled out all of the cards I had in my purse to no avail. I asked what she was looking for, and added that the only thing I don't have on me is my health card and she said that was what I needed to provide. When I said I'm sorry but I do not usually carry my health card with me, she told me she would not serve me any alcohol because I look considerably younger than my ID, could not produce a secondary piece of ID (I could - just not the one she wanted), and that she didn't think my photo looked anything like me. 

At this point, I thought something was up. First, my ID is real. I am a 32-year-old woman with government-issued ID which I provided. I answered the question she asked me correctly. And I provided a secondary piece of ID that she refused to accept. 

When I got home, I also learned that it is illegal to ask someone to supply their Health Card as a form of ID. Here's a link to the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario (AGCO) where it says "By law, no one can be required to produce the Ontario Health Card." (Source: http://www.agco.on.ca/en/whatwedo/legal_age_id.aspx)

Finally, my photo looks IDENTICAL to me. I haven't lost or gained weight. I haven't coloured my hair, changed my hairstyle, wear glasses now, or anything that would make my appearance different than that of my photo. I also have never had anyone question the authenticity of my ID or my photo before. I felt quite unfairly treated. She didn't ask me any additional questions as the Smart Serve Ontario guidelines suggest a bartender/server do. She didn't examine my photo in the light, or ask another bartender or server for a second opinion. She simply decided that I wasn't what or who I said I was and wouldn't serve me. Shocked and insulted, my friend asked me if I wanted to leave, and I said yes. He too felt the bartender's treatment of me to be unfair.  

In what world can I walk into a bar at 32 years of age with my valid government-issued photo ID and be refused service because a bartender took one look at me and made up her mind that I was some 18-year-old kid just trying to scam a drink. 

I will never return to this establishment, and I have certainly shared my story with friends and colleagues. The funny thing is, I didn't even really want that glass of wine. I just wanted to have a nice dinner with my friend and watch the game, but because we were seated at the bar I thought, hey why not? How silly of me.笑
I came here during new years eve and couples times before as well. The atmosphere is relaxing with friendly service. I highly suggest to make reservations ahead of time during busy hours such as dinner time or weekend because seats can fill up quickly. Environment is kept clean and tidy. Music level is average. As for the food, I ordered the 8 oz. (medium-rare) steak however it came out burnt and super dry so I told the waitress and they brought out another one which was much better. Compared to other locations, this one is busier so be prepared to be patient because it does take more time than the usual and I also had to remind the waitress a couples of times. I highly recommend to avoid large groups. Other than that, servers were super friendly and polite.笑
After my first review, I decided I wanted to let the venue know about the poor service so I filled out and survey printed on the receipt and the GM actually contacted me, apologized, and offered two mains on the house. 

I came back in with a girlfriend and while the food was delicious, the service, once again, left something to be desired. Our server was awesome but over the course of the two or so hours that we were there, we only saw her twice. Bussers ran and cleared our food and I had to go to the bar to ask for water after asking a busser and not receiving any. 

I still tipped on what the full value of the meal would have been because the comp is not the server's problem (always tip your server based on the full value!) but as someone who has worked (and still does) in the hospitality industry, in attentiveness is not something I can forgive. 

That being said, I've been there once before for the GNO Monday night special (4 Bellinis + 4 apps for $40) and am planning to come back this Monday with some friends to see how it goes.笑
I came here after checking out the pride festivities with 3 friends. We originally wanted to go to a different place but the wait was too long so we came here instead. I would've preferred to sit in the patio but there was a $25 minimum per person to sit outside so we passed (this was due to customers who want to view the parade and will end up staying for hours). 

The service could've been better but the restaurant was pretty busy so it's understandable. Our server tried his best, he checked up on us regularly, informed us when our items were delayed, etc. 

The food was tasted okay, but thats exactly how I expected it to be. The drinks were good and I liked that my sangria had a small skewer in it for if I want to eat the fruits. 

I probably will come back but only on Mondays during ladies night (4 apps and 4 bellinis for $40).笑
Food was average for restaurant this price rank but the service really made up for it.

We were seated right away at 7pm prime time and the waitress was extremely friendly to us. Drinks and soup came right away(we didn't try the famous Bellini though).

Our food came fast too but I'd say it was more 3 stars than 4. I felt they lacked creativity and care when they prepared the food. With the same ingredients you can do a lot of things elsewhere. I also didn't feel the ingredients were very fresh (but standard freshness as Pickle Barrel etc.).笑
This place has the worst tuna tacos I have ever had. Supposed to come on a bed of cilantro line cole slaw. Was actually served on a dry bed of shredded lettuce. After I challenged the server she sent the tacos back for me. And they came out exactly the same but with a salad dressing added. I not time. Considering the other spots around I will just skip this all together in the future. Thank god I got a gift card to cover this trip. Joeys across the street is much better and takes much more pride in te food served.笑
This place is gross. On so many levels. The only reason I gave them two stars was because of A) the service at the bar. And B) The view. It's so good and even thought I'm not a tourist, I love the patio here and the large picture windows in the bar. The bartender was very nice, albiet trying way too hard. It seemed like the rest of the staff were wandering around like badly trained robots in black dresses. I can't complain enough about this gruesome trend in chain restaurants. "We serve shit food, but we exploit our female staff who still only make minimum wage for spending their shift in high heels and tight dresses in the hopes that the cheap tourists will pay them more". So disgusting. This is just blantant sexual discrimination.

The bar was crawling in fruit flies. This tells me that they don't clean the bar very well and aren't doing much in the way of pest control. If I'm truly outside, fruit flies are understandable. But indoors in April?? They have a problem. And a big chain restaurant should not be having a problem like this. The whole bar area smelled of cheap sushi. And my wine glass was dirty.

I agree with another reviewer that the service is not to industry standards. But what can you expect from these girls who are more concerned about their looks and their sore feet and possible tips than serving people? I really can't blame them.

Hmm... maybe the bartender was the only happy one because he was allowed to wear comfortable shoes and not forced to use his body to make up for the shortcomings of his employer and still be paid minimum wage.

This place is so sad. They need to put a better restaurant in this space. I will not be coming back. In fact, I think I might be staging a boycott of all restaurants that exploit their female staff.笑
I'm a fan of the bar area and the fact that this place is for drinks. I came here with another couple for after dinner drinks and the view of Dundas Sqaure is very nice. There is a patio which I bet is packed in the summer.

I believe the bar area is seat yourself. It is noisy for sure, but that only adds to the atmosphere. I had a 9oz Chianti and we shared some desserts. They have no problem in splitting the bill.

This Milestone's is located on the upper most level of the AMC building and I really had no idea how tall the place was.

You know what you're getting from a Milestone's but because of the lively, buzz-y atmosphere, and different types of people, this is a great place for pre or after-what-ever-event drinks. I never really liked the Yonge and Dundas area, but this Milestone's makes me like it just a bit more.笑
The location is the best value.
Service was excellent. Quick, patient and freindly. Must admit it was really very good.
Food was so so. Had the feelimg that my steak was already before I arrived. Somehow poor.
Blackberry coctail and Drunken donats were very good. 
Overall a clear "Yes, it was good"笑
Surprised at the negative reviews here. I ate at  the Dundas location for the first time this weekend and I was happy with both the food and the service. We sat in the 'Atrium' section which was actually more open and more quiet than the dining room section and were seated within seconds. We ordered the 'sirloin' steak simply grilled, and it came with a side order of vegetables and a garlic mash. The steak was very tasty and cooked exactly the way we ordered it. Our server was friendly outgoing and surprisingly did not try to up sell us on any additional menu items. Pricing was what I expected for this restaurant and location and we had a very enjoyable meal. 
If you do go to this location ask to sit in the atrium, its actually nicer than the dining room!笑
Just tried their new Chef Menu launching nationally today with some cool twists on old favourites - check out my review on the new menu items on my video blog. http://youtu.be/sCT9pXvJC9w笑
Not much to say other than it was the WORST prime rib dinner EVER!
It was not medium rare when it came. Medium which was OK but so so much fat.  Like half of it was inedible.  And the worst part they covered it with pale gravy rather than aus jus.  Was very disappointed as I had been there once before for lunch and had half-decent food. Done with that place.  Good luck.笑
Food and atmosphere is outstanding.  This place is on my (very short) places I would like to go back to.笑
Where do I begin with this piece of shit restaurant?
I came here once for my anniversary and I was waiting for my date for about 30 minutes, and my server didn't even glance at me - level 2 customer service. I asked for water and he didn't bring it until my date arrived, and by that time she noticed the look on my face and knew what had just happened. She's a very stern woman so she immediately took action by raising her voice to a reasonable level while asking for water and one more menu. It took the serve 10 minutes to bring us a damn menu and glass of water. We ordered our food - my date has an allergy to pepper, so we asked for NO SEASONING. The food came, and one bite in, my date had a migraine and was starting to swell. We explained the situation and promptly left without paying (we didn't eat anything) to go to the emergency room. Where was the manager? Making jokes with the dumbass tavern girls and idiot bartender while his servers were crashing under the pressure - fire this manager.

The second time we went (we decided to give it another try), we weren't in a hurry, we were relaxed, calm, we got water on time, we order the Thai bites (without sauce) as an appetizer, and everything seemed to be going fine! Until our server started complaining to us about her life. She was complaining about the management in the restaurant, other employees, and how every guest does not tip her enough. Needless to say, I was pissed at her. When it came time to pay, she literally said, "don't be stingy on the tip" straight to my face. So, instead of typing 15% for poor service and mediocre food, I typed 0% for begging. I left her a loonie on the table with a note under it.
I asked to see the manager as I was leaving and the hostess said, "sure, one second". I waited 20 minutes before just giving up and leaving.

Overall this place is shit. Don't go. You're better off at Jack Astors or Shark Club. Hell, Subway is right downstairs and they give better service. This place is bullshit and has shirty food with an incompetent wait staff. Don't waste your time.笑
Visited this place 3 times during my visit and all 3 times, I had an excellent dining experience.

I especially love the location of this Milestones; it's easy to get to from the inside so when evenings are nippy like they have been this week, you don't have to step foot outside to get here from The Path.

The service has been excellent every time I have gone, and I especially love the decor of this place.

I asked my meal to be customized all 3 times I was there, and all 3 times, they got my meal dead-on. No problems, no issues, just exactly what I ordered.

The prices are a little steep ($15 for a salad), but the food is great and the environment is one in which you'll want to linger for hours on end.

Definitely up there on my list of places to meet up with friends during a night out in T.O.!笑
This is where you'll find me grabbing drinks after work on a Thursday night for the past few weeks. I feel like I'm slowly becoming a regular here.
They have this summer special where you can get pitchers of sangria for $20. PITCHERS OF SANGRIA FOR $20?? And its actually really really good! Their mojitos are pretty good too, the pitchers are ALSO $20. If only this special was all year long!

So why the 3 stars? Well for one, their service is hit or miss. I mean, I've had good service, but I've also had REALLY bad service. Like so bad, that the waitress didn't even know she was our waitress until the end of the night. And I guess since she didn't know she was assigned to our table, that's why she was a little rude/ignoring us? I could go on and on about my experience.
Also, they take FOREVER to get the bill. You should get the bill when you think you're done ordering for the night because it takes a good 30+ minutes to pay.

I usually come here after dinner with the girls, because there are so many other better food options in the area, and their food is not that great for the price you pay. So just come here for drinks and take advantage of their $20 sangria/mojito summer special!!笑
Disaster Dirty avoid don't even think about it!  Stopped in for a drink after a great meal elsewhere.  Not all that busy (most tables open).  Didn't have unsweetened tea  after 10 mins of checking didn't have bottled water ok how about club soda.  I ordered a drink after 25 mins (total 40 mins now) gave up left forget it.  Total don't give a damn attitude.  Food coming out was total chain looking - expected but can't even get drink service right.  Sad because nice spot with deck.笑
Great spot for drinks. Not as much my style as the other Milestone close by, but still a pretty modern, cool looking place. Drinks were good. This is a great place to come for drinks with large groups of people. Like if you are at a conference in downtown Toronto, this is a good spot to come for that. There are very large tables. Service was better than average as well.笑
Great decor and atmosphere. The service is friendly. What let this place down is the food. The serving size is average. The food itself seemed decidedly ho-hum. The mashed potatoes were far from fluffy and the prime rib could have been cooked with some more care.笑
If you find yourself in the Eaton Centre/Ryerson area and want to sit on a sweet patio, Milestone's is your place. There are not a lot of good choices around here and between Jack Astor's or Milestone's, I think the latter has the leg up (better food, less smoky, less random club music). Yes, it's a chain restaurant and coming to this complex feels like your in the 'burbs, but you could do a lot worse. The decor is actually pretty nice and the large patio overlooking Yonge St. is fun in the summer. Look out for their daily specials. On Tuesdays bellinis are $4 if I remember correctly. A pretty sweet deal! The menu has a decent variety, not just standard and generic pub fare. The sliders are pretty good and I like their California spring salad. They've added some interesting-sounding new items like risotto balls (I wonder if they are like arancini?). Servers are usually pretty friendly and easy-going.笑
Hungry tourists + busy restaurant + bad waiter = bad, bad service, but good food cuz you're so hungry you'll eat just about anything. Well, that's not entirely true because the food was actually very good, but when your waiter literally ignores you most of the night--you're jaded. 

Ok, I'll pull myself out of hungry, cranky tourist mode...I'm going to try to focus on the food....

We started with the world inspired dips, which were overall tasty. The ciabatta toasts were a little on the spicy side. 

The Chicken Caesar was full of flavor, but low on chicken. Just a couple more strips and it would have been perfect. 

The Butternut Squash ravioli was some of the best I've ever tasted. I loved the presentation with the tangy goat cheese and pecans. 

A great, but pricey drink selection was available. My mojitio was a little strong and not the best tasting rum. The desserts sounded outstanding, but we'd waited with empty plates, waiting to be bused, on our table for about 15-20 minutes too long to want to stick around.笑
My boyfriend had his birthday dinner here and ordered a steak medium-done. After having the steak at Milestones, he had stomach pains and had to use the washroom a few times. Definitely a bad case of food poisoning. Will not be ordering steaks from Milestones again.笑
Milestones is my go-to chain restaurant if I have to do chains. If I'm stuck in the burbs or something, I go to Milestones. This location is nice. Service is average but friendly, sometimes pretentious (hence the 4 stars). Like, once the bartender got offended and defensive because I asked him to make my drink a certain way and said something like "I know how to do my job."

The drinks are delicious. I love the Kobe beef sliders and the California salad.

Brunch is delicious too, though I've never had it at this location.笑
Wow! What great peach bellinis! And the food was really good. Had the side Caesar (perfect, BIG size) and the goat cheese and garlic naan appetizer. I was comfortably full. The fig jelly with the cheese appetizer was delish.笑
Yesterday was a long travel and work day for me. I had a bowl of cereal at home, in Montreal, at 6am. Ate nothing between then and my arrival at Milestone's at 5pm. And I wasn't sitting at a desk all day, I was planning an Amazing Race Toronto event - running all day.  Eek. 

I was seating at the window near the bar, overlooking Dundas Square. After waiting for a few minutes to be greeted, Simone came over and I asked her what I imagine to be a quite annoying question: "what's good?"

She pointed out a few dishes, some of them sounded good, but not what I was in the mood for, but she was quite enthusiastic about the bruschetta appetizer and the portobello mushroom and chicken main. I ordered both. With a surprised look, she warned me that that was "a lot of food." And suggested a smaller app. I admire that kind of honesty in anyone, especially from a server. 

The bruschetta came relatively quickly. Nice and simple presentation. The plate was overflowing with tomatoes and the balsamic reduction was clearly visible. There was no lack of flavour in this dish. Simone, you're 1-for-1. 

As I was finishing, she checked that I was still hungry - another good point for her, and my main arrived a few minutes later. The chicken was tender - cooked perfectly, and the mushrooms, pasta, and light cream sauce were really good. I like my veggies a little crispier on the side, but the green beans were still nice. I finished the plate completely, and was quite satisfied. 2-for-2. 

Thanks, Milestones, for a very nice meal. Didn't blow me away, but average would be an understatement. 4 stars.笑
I love the Milestone on the west coast as I am from Vancouver. Therefore, a few friends decided to get together for dinner on a Saturday night and I suggested Milestone. Patio is packed when we arrived (what else is new) but the waitress said we can have a booth right away if we don't want to wait. Decided to take the booth because we are all very hungry. Problem arises when the waitress sat us in a

Nothing to write home about but the one thing I have to mention is I ordered New York Sirloin for dinner. I don't whether it was because I was super hungry or something else, but the size of the steak is so small that I wondering whether it was the right size for $30 dollar. My friends also thought the steak was a little bit on the small size. My friends made the right decision and both ordered a burger.

The dining experience was okay but I don't know whether warrant my visit for a second time.笑
We came here three times strictly because of the 25x scene point deal and the fact that we live across the street.
All three times the service was horrible- nobody greeted us for at least 10 mins, our appetizers came before our drinks and water, the waitstaff is slow, inattentive and forgetful.
The food is okay but over priced .
For a similar menu and price, JOEY is far superior.笑
Shitty ass service. We waited for 20 minutes and we kept trying to call our waitress and she just kept passing by our table. No one even came to ask us if we wanted anything to drink. Worst service ever. If I can give a negative rating, I would.笑
I suppose I know why we no longer frequent Milestone's. Last night a group of us decided to go and indulge in spinach and artichoke dip (they have one of the best) and Bellini's (well, not for me) before catching Aladdin on stage at the Ed Mirvish Theatre. 

We sat down and ordered our drinks and dip and those got to our table at a reasonable time. At the start the server came and was attentive - until after we had ordered our entrées. After that, we'd see her, across the room at other tables. I get that they get busy at dinner but should a server's tables be that spread apart? In once section I shouldn't see 3 different servers at 3 tables next to each other. That is not efficient by any means. 

At 6:20pm we ordered 3 additional appetizers for our late comer friends. You'd think that the turn around time for appetizers would be 20-30 minutes at the most. Considering we ordered the Peruvian Burritos, Side Caesar Salad and Chicken Bites, it should not have taken the kitchen that long to get to our table. These 3 items did NOT arrive until 7:08pm. That is completely unacceptable. Mind you the server was more than happy to have us pay BEFORE all the food had even arrived. 

Yes, I understand this is a chain restaurant. Yes, I understand it was dinner and they were busy. But at no point did the server come by to refill our water or apologise or even acknowledge the delay. The service was horrible to say the least. And had I the time, I would've spoken to the manager immediately 

Needless to say, her tip reflected her lack of attention and unapologetic manner. 

Avoid this location at all costs.笑
Somehow I seem to end up here after eating at Sabai Sabai for dessert. It's happened twice now, and we easily find ourselves seated in the bar area, on high top tables, looking over dundas square. One of the few places in the core with a nice view. 

For dessert, I love the 5 different shots of desserts. Variety and good to share, but only between couples. We tried to between 4 people once, and it was sort of a disaster. 

I love the trendy decor, for a chain restaurant, and the private dining area of which I've had a few birthdays and large parties in. But find it quite dim and hard to see in the evening. I also don't like the funky smells in the bar area, not sure was it was last night. 

Food wise, it's good, hasn't changed much from years past, but nothing amazing, but it's not dull either.

But if I could choose, for a full meal, I'd probably opt for Joeys a few steps down the street.笑
Sucks big worst food ever.  The only people they are trying to satisfy are shareholders.笑
I went to Milestones on a Tuesday night for dinner and decided to sit outside in the patio. We ordered our drinks and apps ($4.50 bellini special on Tuesdays btw!) and realized it was a lot colder and windier than anticipated. The server was super accommodating and helped us move our plates and drinks when we told her we'd like to go inside for the remainder of our meal. 

Since I've last been to Milestones (not this one in particular), I think they've changed their menu and added a lot more variety in terms of entrees and apps. I was surprised to see new dishes along with their classic Wednesday Date Night special and Monday Girls Night special. The appetizer, yam frites with 3 dips was delicious and we spent the entire time trying to figure out which dip was our favourite, they were all really good. 

Entrees were also decent (the Chopped Salad was pretty big and the ingredients were fresh and delicious, the thin tortilla chips on the top are a nice addition). If I had more space, I would've definitely ordered a dessert as well, perhaps the Wednesday special is a better bet. I was also super excited when I saw the brunch menu! Brunch is definitely the best meal of the day, and my favourite so I will definitely be returning for brunch one day.

Prices are fairly reasonable considering the location.  Altogether, an app, two entrees and two bellinis came out to around $50.笑
This location is okay; nothing special, but not bad. The food can be hit and miss, but my two solid favorites are the grilled chicken salad and the spinach and artichoke dip. Occasionally they don't put enough dressing on the salad, which ruins it, but when they put enough dressing, it is delicious. I love the honey lime vinaigrette and the peanut sauce, and the grilled chicken and crunchy chips balance each other out. I quite often have salad cravings and come here just for that! The spinach and artichoke dip is another solid choice, and they will refill your chips if you ask. The fries and the Caesar salad are also quite good. The restaurant isn't anything fancy, but good, solid food if you're looking for a casual night out.笑
Amazing service and staff make this Milestone a great venue for group events such as Holiday parties and birthdays. Located in the same complex as the AMC theatre located at the intersection of Yonge and Dundas Streets, Milestones offers guests topnotch service and amazing views of the Eaton Centre, Dundas Square, and downtown Toronto's financial district.  Opal and her wait staff were outstanding in providing the large group of employees who showed up for our office holiday party with dedicated service. The lunch menu offers something for everyone from Steak to Chicken Masala and with a creative, attentive bar staff, the myriad of speciality drinks from frozen Bellini's to flavored martinis kept the crowd happy.  Highly recommended for those looking to host a group event or looking to have lunch/dinner in an attractive, cozy atmosphere.笑
Came here before a movie at the AMC. Normally I wouldn't even think about hitting up the Yonge and Dundas area on a Saturday night but the movie we wanted to see was sold out at the Varsity.

Anyway, we had just over an hour to kill, which would have been good for about two drinks. But it took about ten minutes to get seated on the patio, and then it started to rain so we eventually moved inside to the bar. It was quite busy and the few girls working seemed to be confused. Took ages to get our drink order in, and even then we had to wait a long time to receive what we ordered -- nothing more than a pint of beer and a glass of wine. The girls were preoccupied with some other drink order and even stood around now and again to chit-chat with each other.

My pint was warm and not even filled to the top. They stuck our bill in a glass for some reason because I guess they're trying to be fancy. I suppose I should give them another chance and maybe swing by again on a weekday and have dinner, but it's rare I am even in the area so it seems unlikely.

Ultimately the service killed it -- in a bad way. Patio seemed nice and spacious and the overall layout appeared to be a good place to hang out in, but had to deal with too many scatterbrains who left me with the impression they had little experience in the service industry.笑
Wheeee. Milestone's makes me happy. Especially this one since I love the patio ish thing where you can sit outside.
Maybe not for the winter.


And it's fascinating. You can watch the H&M ad on the top of the mall over and over and over and oooooooooooooover... (if the conversation gets boring. Just careful to avoid the telltale glazed-over look...then your friend will get offended.)

As for food, it's Milestones. I think we all know what we're getting into.
PS I love the spinach and artichoke dip. Well, I like it almost anywhere. Milestones does not disappoint.笑
My lunch here today was too pricey for what it's worth. 
My partner and I ordered the Spicy Thai Basil Noodles, Portobello Mushroom Chicken, and a Chorizo Mozzarella Fritters to share, which costed us a little shy of $60.

Both pastas were fine - not the most delicious but also not bad either. The "Spicy" Thai Basil Noodles were not spicy at all and very much so resembled pad thai. Though the portion looked small when it arrived on the humongous plate, it was actually a decent quantity of food and included a fair number of shrimp. The Portobello Mushroom Chicken was a vermicelli dish with a pungent cream-based sauce. The chicken breast atop the pasta was a sizable portion and was definitely filling because of its slightly more tough texture. The Chorizo Mozzarella Fritters were actually surprisingly delectable. I highly enjoyed the smoky paprika aioli sauce that was generously drizzled over the fries because they added just the right amount of flavour that wasn't overwhelmingly salty but soaked right into the soft fries. We did find it kind of strange though that there seemingly was no mozzarella on the fries even though it's in the name of the menu item..?

And without question, service was great. Our waitress was friendly and smiley the entire time.笑
Man I was dying on how long they took to bring the food. I ordered burger without the bun and all I got was the avocado with the meat, I asked the waiter where is the tomatoes and stuff he was shocked lol! Took it back and brought back everything that was need it expect the bun - Exactly what I've asked for. However by that time the food wasn't hot or even warm to begin with, my friend request kitchen but by the time that came I was done with the food. We were dying on how long this process took lol! Anyways, great view from the top, if you wanna go for drinks or appetizer go ahead I'm sure you'll have a great time just do not order anything else asides from that lol! Good luck & have fun :)笑
Milestone is a place I would consider a second rate BJ's restaurant. 

Their calamari was atrocious. It tasted like processed food. There was no flavor and it was soggy. 

On the other hand, their chicken penne Asiago wasn't half bad. Their seafood fettuccine had the worst seafood. Their salmon tasted as processed as their calamari. Their mussels were so ridiculously tiny. The shrimp was alright.

Their service was crap. Our sever checked up on us three times and yet not once did she refill our water. I don't remember her name, but Ms. Brunette server always had a look of disdain whenever she stopped by our table. 

I definitely advice people to stay away from this place. The view can't make up for their horrible service and crappy pricy food.笑
I'm not sure why people like to hate on Milestones; it's reliable and the service is fairly consistent. My order is right 95% of the time I come here and the waitstaff will accommodate all kinds of requests so you pretty much have control over what you get. The bar area can be a bit too loud for my taste and the washrooms are quite a trek from the main seating area - take wide turns to avoid colliding with speed-walking employees.笑
I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants.. But milestones is one of those "always reliable" places, where your almost guaranteed to find something you like... 

The menu isn't anything special. they have the standards, and they're all done pretty well. I've had the creamy pesto chicken pasta and it's tasty if your in the mood for that. They used to have a better burger with 3 cheese and roasted garlic but they replaced it with strange options like a burger topped with smoked meat..? Really? Lol I got their classic burger for 15.50 which comes with cheese and bacon. It was alright. Not worth it in my opinion. Get something else even if the burger is the cheapest thing on the menu. 16 dollars for an ok burger is not cool in my books. Definitely have to try something new when I go back next time.
Their peach belinis are what they're known for drink wise, and they're really good. 

My friend ordered an oriental noodle dish with steak and it looked like mr noodle with blubbery steak on the side. When the waitress came to take her full plate of food away at the end of the meal, she did not ask about the meal at all.

Overall, milestones is a hit or miss. Meals average between 16.00 and 26 dollars. The food is pretty good depending on what you get, and if you sit on the balcony at this location you have s great view of downtown Toronto.笑
Good service and atmosphere. The food was just okay - I do not recommend the veggie burger. It was very obvious it came from a box. The patty tasted like something I could have heated up at home. I expect more from a sit-down restaurant.笑
I'm not a regular at Milestones but have been here enough times over the past few years to notice that their menu choices and food quality has consistently gotten worse as time goes on.

My friend ordered ahi tuna tacos and for $16, he got TWO tacos, a tiny garden salad and two deep fried avocado slices.  My other friend ordered meatloaf (don't ask me why) for $23.  Value was definitely lacking.  

I got the Mayan burger for $16- this was the best dish out of the three.  

Service was friendly enough but a bit distracted.  Menu is overpriced for what it is, beer specials aren't that great.  It takes 5 minutes of walking down a narrow hallway to reach the bathrooms.  Overall, no real reason to come here.笑
Went for a business dinner and ordered the Steak & Frites for 30$ and 2.99$ for unlimited soda. It was an amazing steak, and very delicious. The restaurant was a little dark in my corner were my table was, and the music was loud, but service was great, and super friendly staff.笑
This Milestone's location has been hit and miss for me, the first time I ate here, the experience was good - meaning food was great, the service was friendly and quick .. and it was on the patio .. beautiful night .. 

Milestone's was running a promotion that combined a starter, 2 meals and a dessert - reasonably priced with great meals to choose from...the food was delicious and surprisingly one of the best steaks i have had at a restaurant iin this range

the last time i went to Milestones (like a few days ago) the service was a crawl .. it took the guy 10 years to get drinks get the food get the bill just way too long .. but that being said .. the food was great, had the steak shrimp lobster something lol and it was out of this world...

but when service is slow and just not responsive it just brings everything down a notch ..笑
The food was great.  I always love the food at Milestones. But for a quiet mid afternoon it took forever to get our meals. Then it took forever to get the bill. We were trying to get a quick on the run meal. After 15 minutes of waiting with the bill to pay for it, I had to stand up and go to the back to find someone. The servers were chit chatting in the kitchen. So frustrating.笑
It was not busy at all inside - patio was somewhat full - over 2 hours to get our food. Server brought out mayo 30 minutes before our meal came so it baked in the sun.. asked for another. Had to ask 3 times to get waters and took over 25 minutes for our drinks we ordered. I dont know if it was the server or if they were backed up in the kitchen but regardless, service and experience was terrible. If you are backed up in the kitchen at least let us know instead of us having to ask you 3-4 times when the food will be out.笑
I really wanted to give 0 stars, but Yelp would not let me! Milestones has good food, but it has never, ever, in all of my trying this place(at least 6) arrived hot! It literally got to the point where we would order and SPECIFY that we wanted our food to be served hot. Even that was no guarantee. The last time, our Eggs Benedict were ice cold and we had to send them back twice. Management always says "Oh, NO ONE ELSE HAS NEVER COMPLAINED ABOUT COLD FOOD." Reading these reviews, it is obvious that others have had this experience.笑
It's truly a hit and miss type of menu. I count being with the right people and being in the right part of town for the primary reason I'm here. To me, this is my back up when Joey's, and Mercatto are booked solid (I wonder why they're booked solid and Milestone's has tables?).笑
I had a gift card for this place, so I decided to try it out. All the food was flavorless and greasy to no end, especially the "bocconcini garlic bread" it was so greasy, I left sick after eating it. 

Location wise, it is excellent, right by the Eaton Center and AMC complex, but there are many other food options around there now, I would rather get a sandwich from the food court downstairs if I am hungry.

The food quality is terrible for the price, but I guess you are paying for location, with so many better options around I don't know if location can save this place.笑
Awful food...slow service...cold waiters.. I was served stale sauce with the fish I ordered...when I complained, our waiter Dave told us "so what you want me to do with it?" Well I replied thanks! At least inform your cook that it's stale! He just gave me a cold face and said...ok sure!笑
Noticed there were many servers but none of them were helpful enough to really approach if you need anything. Forgetful I must say, we asked for water 3x. Our server seemed disconnected as well, she talks to us without even looking at us which is quite irritating.

Food is good thank God.笑
Went there on Sat Feb 7 for dinner. I had the grilled salmon and my friend had the prime rib. The food was very much below average however the service made up for it. I wasn't there for the service though, we won't be back. This place definitely stays afloat due to tourist dollars, there is no way locals continue to support that tasteless food.笑
I came here for lunch, the staff are really nice and attentive. 
It took 15 minutes to try to wave down a server to take our order, then it took over 30 minutes for our dishes to come out which was quite a wait. On top of it our dishes were heavily salted. I went thru several glasses of water just to eat half of my pasta. This is my second time here, I remember I had a good experience during my first visit. I will read the reviews next time.笑
I saw a cockroach in my veggie burger. The view from the patio is very cool. It overlooks the city. I generally like the food at Milestones but wont go back to this location! Once I see a bug in my food I can't justify ever going back.笑
California Salad is a must try!! Tried the sesame beans this time and they were pretty good!! Great location...great ambiance!!笑
I need to give Milestones a shout out for serving decent steak and cocktails.

Saturday found me hitting up Milestone's for their rather awesome patio. After being told there was  30-40 minute wait we settled at the bar and ordered a couple of drinks.  Might I recommend the cucumber and basil martini...sweet and summery! 

We actually waited 10 minutes and were given a spot on the patio. There are days when nothing but steak will satisfy; those days where you need to get your red meat on. I ordered my steak with a side of mushrooms. The steak was cooked to my liking and comes with seasonal veggies and garlic mashed potatoes. Can't really ask for more than that...perfect.

Waiting staff were attentive, friendly and on hand to recommend drinks (for the more indecisive cocktail jumping drinkers like myself).

Prices are reasonable; washrooms clean; does everything the place is meant to.

Solid 4 stars from this Yelper笑
I adore Milestone's. I don't think I've been to one I didn't like.
This location in particular, I'm especially in love with during the summer, because their patio opens up on the balcony and you get to people watch from above. What better place to watch people at dundas square intersection than from above? AWESOME!

Generally, Milestone's is my go-to place for brunch. Love their brunch menu! I highly recommend the prime rib hash with sunshine mimosa...what a great way to begin a lazy weekend day =)

One of my favourite things to eat here is the Caesar salad. They do such a great job with the slow-roasted garlic paste mixed in with the house caesar dressing. I always feel like I can't have enough salad.

Also highly recommended is their California grilled chicken breast burger (Avacado salsa, double bacon). Delicious!

Tonight, us four girls came for their Monday Girl's night out menu. Four bellinis and four appetizers for $40. So cheap! The sweet potato fries were worth it!

I heart Milestone's!笑
This place is definitely somewhere you can get a good meal.  My mushroom soup was served at perfect temperature and tasted very mushrrom-y while my friend's coconut calamari was good, too.  The chicken club I ordered was delicious and my friend assured me her burger tasted great.  And there is no beating the Decadent Duo dessert, anywhere.笑
This is a convenient location, the Food is good and unlike other reviewers, I have always had a good experience. I have tried a bunch of dishes.....all as expected....Lamb kebobs, Chicken dishes..etc.. They have a butternut squash ravioli that appeals to the vegetarians in my group. I like the fact they have a few choices for vegetarians. 
I have ben here on business lunches and casual dinners.笑
I ate at this Milestone's during a recent business trip to Toronto. It is situated at Dundas and Yonge near the Eaton Centre and is up on the fourth floor so that you can look down on Dundas Square.

It is a large restaurant which was quite busy for a Wednesday night.  I was impressed on how organized they were.  When there was no table ready for us, they sat us at the bar where we could order a drink while we waited.  Within about 20 minutes, we were brought to our table.

The food was very good.  We shared an appetizer which was the baked goat cheese.  It was good but not extraordinary - the toasted flatbreads were quite good.  The main course was Harissa Chicken.  The chicken was moist and was flavoured nicely with the harissa sauce.  It was quite spicy which is rare in a chain restaurant.  I also really liked that I could order 9 oz of wine instead of the usual 5-6 oz glass.  The server was efficient and really knew both the menu and wine selection very well.

Overall, a very good meal  in an excellent location.笑
We just came here for desserts and some drinks.

Food - we ordered about 6 different desserts (sorry couldn't get pics of all of them) and they were fresh, hot and not disappointing. 

Service - it seemed they were short staffed in the bar area because it took a while to get the attention of the waitress. It was surprising because it was a Saturday night and usually we weren't waiting like we did.

Atmosphere - the bar area has roughly 4 flat screens (that I noticed) and we were able to watch post season baseball and preseason hockey. Good selections on.笑
Food is good. Service is really nice!

Had the chicken asiago pasta one time and had their urban chicken classic the other.

no complaints.

each time the food has been great, service great as well.笑
Nothing wrong about licking your plate in public if it's lickable. Milestone's butternut squash ravioli with feta cheese turned me vegetarian for an hour and a half. It was tangy, sweet and refreshing!

The sea food fettuccine in comparison wasn't half as delightful: it was too greasy and lacked flavor.

Our server was a hoot, the patio wasn't moot. We were far away from the clash of civilizations unfolding below us in Dundas Square. The weather gods cooperated and a lovely time was had by all.笑
With Christmas just around the corner, my boyfriend and I have been saving our pennies, so going out to enjoy a meal has become a special occasion.  We chose Milestones for the atmosphere, the good food and drinks (as we've experienced first-hand in the past), and the mid-level price range (on par with other restaurants).

Things started off so promising.  We were told it would be about a 45-minute wait.  They took my cell phone number and promised to call as soon as a table became ready.  I loved that.  Who wants to be tethered within 30-foot radius of the hostess booth holding one of those obnoxious vibrating buzzers?  We explored the area a bit, and within 10 minutes, we were called that our table was ready.  Excellent.

Once seated we started pouring over the menus.  With a ton of options, it's always a (welcome) chore to decide what to eat.  We decided within a few minutes, and then waited for our waitress to arrive.  And waited.  And waited.

After about 10 minutes, someone finally appeared, genuinely friendly, but a little slow for my tastes.  To save time, we ordered our drinks, an appetizer, and our entrees all at once.  BIG mistake.

Our drinks arrived in about 10 minutes.  By the time our entrees arrived, I had finished my ultimate bellini.  If you've had one of these bellini's in the past, you know that finishing this 3 oz. frozen monstrosity is no small feat, so we were obviously waiting awhile.

And where was that appetizer we ordered?  Well, we never got a good answer about that.  Apparently, our waitress "punched it in" but it never arrived.  And who wants to eat an appetizer after their entree?

For fear of sending our food back and having it arrive to us cold in 20 minutes, we asked them to just forget about the appetizer and just give us our food.  I ordered another drink as the plates hit the table.

I ordered the sausage ravioli, which was good, if not overdone.  The edges of the ravioli's were crispy, and some of them were even singed.  At least it was warm, which is more than I can say about my boyfriend's burger and fries.  Everything was room temperature, as though it had been finished well before my ravioli and had been sitting under food lamps, waiting for my dish to finish.  We would have asked to send it back to be heated, had someone bothered to stop by and see how we were doing and if we needed anything else with our meals (we did).

We finished our mediocre but expensive food in the appropriate amount of time, stacked the plates, had them whisked away, and then waited another 10 minutes for my drink to arrive.  That's right, we ate, had our table cleared, and then waited another 10 minutes for a drink to arrive from the bar.

The real kicker came when we went to pay.  You know how, when you pay by credit card with one of those machines they bring to the table, they have an automatic "tip suggestion" button that you can hit?  Milestones sets their "suggestion" to 25%!!!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?

The whole experience left us feeling entirely cheated out of our Saturday night, and our money.  Thankfully, they comped the final drink, but it felt like a last-minute ditch to save the evening.  It just felt like they didn't care about our business at all.  From not checking to make sure we got the food we ordered, to the slow service, to the inattentiveness, a free drink didn't go to far in ensuring we would visit again.

C'mon, Milestones.  It's not like this is your first Saturday night in business.  It's not like you're a small restaurant who isn't used to dealing with crowds.  You're located in the heart of a bustling city, and people rely on you for date night.  The fact we had to pay for our food after an absolutely lack-luster experience felt like we were robbed.

Potential diners: if you value your time and money, stay away.  There are dozens of other restaurants in the area that will take care of you a lot better than this run-of-the-mill franchise.笑
Milestone's varies a bit from location to location, but I like this one. They have an extensive menu, are happy to substitute any of their burgers for veggie patties and have always given me good service (esp for reservations - I've held multiple events here!).

Vegetarian tip: order the Mayan burger with veggie pattie - love the avocado in there!笑
I came here for brunch with my friends. when we arrived around 11am, it wasn't very busy. we were seated right away. Everything was going well. However, the server took forever to follow up with us to see if we were ready to order. A couple ladies nearby were also waiting a long time. When i got up at one point, they even thought i was their server, since it had been so long. They eventually got up to find her.
Once we ordered, our drinks and food came in a timely manner. The food was alright, and we all ordered the same drink (silver jubellini), which was pretty tasty. I was about 2/3 done when i noticed there was a shard of something in my mouth. At first i thought it was a small piece of ice, but it wasn't cold or melting in my mouth. I took it out and realized it was a piece of glass! We notified our server, who then informed her manager. One of the managers came out to apologize...and that was all they did. I could have easily swallowed the glass or cut my mouth, and I get a lousy apology. They didn't even offer me a replacement drink, in fact they took away what remained (not that I wanted it, in case there was any more glass in it).

Bottom line: service is slow and terrible. I will not be returning to this location.笑
Not very good on all fronts.  The food is mediocre at best.  The service is either fawning or cold and detached.  This is another formula chain that has tasteless food that is not up to par for the prices they charge.  Would not go back.  The washroom was also dirty.  This speaks to the monitoring of the cleanliness and was a turn off on how clean the kitchen was.笑
great location and decor. Good service EXCEPT almost being attacked by the server. Never saw someone get so angry over one question and asking for reasonably timely service.  We paid the bill and left, for some reason only our server could take the credit card , I felt coerced into leaving a tip lest getting the server more upset. The food was normal chain food and the drinks were sweet.笑
This is one of the worst meals that I've ever had. And it was expensive to boot. My biggest tip? DON'T COME HERE.

1) The service is slow. From being seated to finally receiving our entree took over an hour. Mind you we went in at 9pm and less than half the restaurant was full. By the time we left the staff was closing up the restaurant and we STILL had slow service. 

2) Our calamari was of the strangest consistency I've ever eaten. The breading was bizarrely adhered to the calamari as the squid was paste-like instead of bouncy and slippery. Makes me think of paste breaded with chicken finger covering. In fact, the meat tasted so processed and was presented in such a strange way (as strips instead of the common calamari rings) we googled it and came across this

http://www.foodservicedirect.com/product.cfm/p/206691/Pana-Pesca-Tenderized-Breaded-Squid-Strip-5-Pound.htm

Yup breaded squid strip. I'm pretty sure they used this or something awfully similar to it because it tasted nothing like real squid. Disgusting is an understatement. Don't expect to cover up the flavor with dipping sauce either. They are nasty as well.

3) The chicken portobello was awful. The chicken came totally burnt smothered with some sauce that had next to no flavor. The pasta was overcooked angel hair pasta topped with some cheese. It tasted like crappy grade school cheap cafeteria food, except worse and priced at $21 a pop. I would not eat this again even if it was free. 

4) The butternut squash ravioli was mediocre at best. It was probably the best dish during our dinner because it was not completely disgusting. Then again, I'm pretty sure you can get something similar at your local mall cafeteria.

5) The classic dirty martini tasted awful. If you asked for it neat expect to see a few suspicious ice cubes floating around. However, it was extremely boozy which was helpful in light of the disgusting food. 

6) The service was horrible. Our server was slow and very unattentive. She was nowhere to be found for most the night (hence the long wait time) was brusque and harried when she did talk to us. Our water was never refilled and waiting on her (despite an almost empty restaurant towards the end of the night) was a trial in patience. 

Overall this place seems to be completely focused on maximizing profit at the cost of quality and service. Will be interesting to see how things pan out as we came in with a voucher from the hotel and still left feeling bitter and robbed. Please don't come here to eat. You're better off going to subway and buying a sandwich.笑
I want to say I like this place. I really do. After all, it's right beside the Cineplex, super trendy looking and the patio is such a hot spot imo. Unfortunately, the over-priced, mediocre food and underwhelming service just isn't anything special. What I do like is their $4.50 Bellinis on Tuesday after movies! Yes please. And the ambience is quite nice.笑
As a previous reviewer said, it's sorta hit or miss...however, I've found whenever it's a "miss", they make up for it with a free entree or appetizer, or whatever wasn't quite right, along with an apology direct from the manager, so for that, I'm okay with them. 

But overall, it's convenient, good price, variety on the menu, etc. and far better than many of the other Milestones.笑
Bad. Just bad. Ordered the following:
Piri Piri Hummus - doesn't taste like hummus at all. Poor chunky texture. Whoever came up with this recipe went too far with their creative mind. 
Butternut squash ravioli - overcooked ravioli. When the server came to ask me if my food was ok, I complained that the ravioli was overcooked and not al dente. To which she replied "ohh that's how it's made. It has to be overcooked since it is stuffed". By the way, it was her recommendation for me to order this dish. Wtf?! 

As I criticize this place, bare in mind that I reside by Yorkville and frequently dine at fine Italian restaurants. I was extremely disappointed with the food and the service. Last week I was at a milestones in Markham (169 Enterprise Blvd) and their food+service was comparable to restaurants in Yorkville. 

Save yourself and go to the Jack Astors next door! Or just eat at the food court..笑
Definitely would recommend the Brunch special that comes with an eggs benny or omelette, a fruit cup, and a mimosa. 

However if it is extremely hot out, I would not recommend committing to the patio. Many people asked to move inside shortly after sitting down due to the hot sun.笑
I'm not usually a fan of chains, but popped in here for a drink with a friend due to the central location overlooking Dundas Square. The view from the patio is nice: lots of atmosphere and a nice buzz while just far enough away from the madness to enjoy it. 

I can't comment on the menu as I haven't eaten here, but the cocktails are gorgeous. $5 Bellinis summer special can't be beat for value. The staff were funny and attentive and overall, it's a nice spot!笑
We came in a group of nine people on a Friday afternoon. We made reservations beforehand, so we were promptly seated and the service throughout was friendly and efficient. The meal started out with the sweet potato fries and the Mediterranean goat cheese platter ($12.75) to share as appetizers. The sweet potato fries came with three different dips but the better appetizer would go to the goat cheese platter. It comes with a slab of goat cheese topped with red pepper relish, 4 long slices of toasted focaccia bread, sweet fig jam and soft roasted garlic. A great way to start the meal.

I wasn't terribly hungry, so I ordered the Roasted Mushroom Soup ($7.75) as a light lunch. It was a sizable portion of soup, with a couple croutons and basil infused oil floating on top. The soup itself was good, well seasoned and plenty of mushrooms in the soup. A sprinkle to freshly cracked pepper made it perfect. 

This Milestones is on the very top floor of the 10 Dundas East, so getting here takes the determination to take the seemingly endless escalators up floor by floor. Once there, it is a nice space, tastefully decorated and well laid out to accommodate different group sizes. Quiet enough to chat, even during the lunch hour. There is also a nice patio area that would make a great place to have a drink in the summer months, especially when there is something going on at Dundas square.笑
Service was ok. Food was mainly disappointing. Mile high fries - fell very short.  Mushroom soup was great and bolognese was good. Fish tacos were ok but need to be more substantial for the price. Fries were utterly disappointing - soggy and sad :( 
Food court would have been a better option and far cheaper!笑
If you want your time wasted for subpar food, this is the place to go.

My friend and I had a 5pm reservation on a Wednesday and were seated a bit early as the place was quite empty. After waiting for 20 minutes we were finally approached by our waiter, who proceeded to ignore our request to order food and drinks, and instead told us he would be back soon with some water and would take our orders then. The water took 15 minutes to arrive. So after 35 minutes we finally were able to order our food. Then of course our waiter disappeared again and we did not see him until the food came out, after waiting for 40 minutes. The food was terrible and not worth the wait. I had ordered a chicken Parmesan with seasonal vegetables and pasta tossed in a creamy pesto sauce. The "seasonal vegetables" were 3 spears of asparagus and a slice of red pepper. The pasta was an absolute joke--if pesto could be a dry seasoning, then the pasta was virtually plain noodles with pesto seasoning sprinkled on top. The chicken had a weird peachy-tomato salsa on top that did not taste good at all. Being ravenous, my friend and I devoured our meals in 15 minutes, then proceeded to wait another 15 for the waiter to come back so we could ask for our bills. The bills took another 10 minutes, and lo and behold I needed to pay with my card so he needed to go get the machine, and take time to do so. Not only that, he proceeded to take my card with him, and slipped it into his back pocket as he went to get the machine (that is so unprofessional--my card should not leave the table like that). Paying the bill took 35 minutes all together, which is absolutely crazy as the place wasn't even that busy.

Waited around for 2.5 hours, ate for 15 minutes. Please don't waste your time and money on such an unprofessional establishment.笑
The The Old Fashioned Burger stuck to its name. Very simple and tasted real good. The real deal, if you will. However, it did get a little dry and I ended up putting in some mayo and ketchup.

The Piri Piri Dip with the Manchego cheese, Yum!! I'm a fan!

Yeah the service wasn't all that good. They seemed new. Could hear them talking and planning how they were going to clean up after we were done. They made us wait a good 15 minutes to get our to go boxes. Correction: I'm NOT a fan笑
Big prices for small food, pretentiously presented.

Be sure to fill up on chips. 

The waiter who served us got our order wrong. What was delivered was cheaper, so we ate it anyway.笑
1 star because it's not the worst experience possible
1 star for a large patio with an awesome view
0.5 star for the convenient location!

I'd really rather not drag this review into a huge rant, but I've had pretty poor service whenever I have been dragged here. Most recently it took about a good hour and fifteen minutes between asking for our bill and getting out of Milestone's! 

On top of that the beer list is not impressive at all, and you will get some funny looks from the waitresses if you ask for something other than Heineken or Bud! In fact I would say this is the first and only bar where I have been asked "what's an IPA?" by the waitstaff! 

The food is actually ok, but there's nothing particularly striking about it other than that it sometimes takes heck of a long time to get out!
Overall I would say this Milestone's is a straightforward place to meet up or take out of town guests who insist on seeing T.O's version of Times Square.笑
Staff not really welcoming. Took forever to get our drinks (more than 20 min!!!). 
Food was also served quite a while after ordering it. 
Will definitely not recommend the place..笑
I have been to many Milestones before and loved the food and service every time. But this location was TERRIBLE. Our waitress never said hi to us or introduced herself, just asked "drinks?" Then it took over 20 minutes for us to get WATER. 
Another 20 minutes after that she comes by to ask us for our food order, leaves us with our menus and empty water glasses and comes back (probably another 30 minutes past) to give us cold food. I also have always ordered the same dish from this restaurant and this location served an incredibly small portion in comparison to other locations, and no side option which I've always had before.
Multiple times we had to flag a waitress down for service, and let me add - it wasn't even slightly busy at the time we went. Other tables that were there were also having to physically get up from the table to find their waitress/waiter.
Never will I be back to this location!!笑
The main reason for coming here is good location to hang out with friends.

Their food is not great but it is okay.

They have great cocktails, good atmosphere.

I would recommend to enjoy your drinks and food on the balcony because it is nice view.

Service is little slow.

Anyways they have good draft beer, cocktail selection, balcony seating.笑
Service was good but food definitely very underwhelming!

The veggie burger literally consisted of just a bun, patty, lettuce and tomato. And ketchup and mayo on the side.笑
The California Burger was pretty good. We also had some chicken and noodles, not quite as big as the burger but still ok. Good service and free refills for pops.

The place is huge, and you almost certainly get a table at any hour of the day.

Nothing special, but not bad. Didn't like menu, there are so many different items on it. Steaks/Asian/Noodles/Vegetarian - it's too much of a mix.

Pricey. We paid 70 dollars for 2 pops, chicken breasts, and a burger...

Huge bar area. Looked nice, but haven't tested it.笑
Came here for New Year's Eve during our stay in Toronto. Luckily could get seated in the bar area as everywhere was packed and we didn't make reservations. 

They had a NYE set menu for $45 that looked really good.

Great atmosphere, our waitress was absolutely lovely but unfortunately the food was not good.
Neither of our steaks were any good and the spinach and artichoke dip wasn't the best. 

Hopefully it would be better on a less busy day!笑
I haven't been to Milestones for years, but I decided to take my significant other to this location for her birthday this year. I wasn't disappointed with my decision. 

Our waitress was friendly, attentive, and approachable whenever we needed something. We ordered the mussels & frites, and the angus beef top sirlion, which came within 15 mins. The waitress ensured she placed the dishes in front of the correct person, which I thought was really considerate.

My other loved the sauce that went with the mussels. I thought my steak was a bit on the chewy side, but nonetheless, it wasn't bad. 

They brought out a couple scoops of icecream w/ chocolate cookies, burning with a lit sparkler for my other's birthday.

Overall, a pleasant experence with the service and food. I will definitely go back again.笑
This was a rather decent place.  Not too noisy or slow.  The menu included many items that I'd consider trying.  The meatloaf that I had was good, but nothing special.  The calamari was better than average, partly because they cut it as steaks instead of tentacles or rings, but again nothing to make this a go-to place.  Near the movie theater and Eaton shopping is a bonus, and there is a deficit of decent places to eat in this part of Toronto.  And that's what this place is, decent.  So if I catch myself hungry again in this area and there's no line or party going on then I'd consider eating here again, but I'll never make it a destination.

I should point out that it is a bit pricey compared to other places with the same food quality and selection.  The meals are in the $17-$21 range + drinks + appetizer + HST + tip and it could make for a surprising final bill for the budget minded.  But personally I'd rather pay a little more than put up with Jack Astor's next door or risk food poisoning at the sketchy dives that fill this part of town.笑
Awful, awful, rude service!!!  Normally I like Milestones (the food is usually  very good) but this was my first time at this location.  We sat down, were given water and menus.  It was very crowded and busy -- and we watched as other tables left in frustration.  After a half hour of waiting for either our food or a glass of wine we asked our server our status.  Now this is a quote "The bar is really backed up so you'll get your drinks when you get 'em." Needless to say, we walked out.  Went down to the Shark Club and our server was delightful!笑
Has a great view of Dundas Square if you sit near the window.  I won't comment on the food as it's the same everywhere, but our server Jenna went above and beyond to serve us.  She constantly refilled our drinks, and gave us a top up of chips when we were running out.

Location is pretty good, and wait times were reasonable given we were there on a Friday night.笑
This Milestones location is probably one the better ones out there. The food typically tastes better and the service is usually more attentive. That being said, it is a Milestones after all and most of the food tastes like it was precooked and typical of a cookie cutter chain restaurant.笑
Milestone's opened up a new location at the (useless) Yonge & Dundas Square location. Once you've reached the third and final set of escalators you'll arrive at the beautifully designed Milestones (Whoever designed Yonge & Dundas Square LOVED escalators! The building is overpowered with giant escalators going in every direction). Architecturally it looks as if they've tried to merge nature with design; I really love what they've done with this restaurant design wise. 

The restaurants gets good marks for atmosphere and friendly staff. Our waitress was friendly without being fake and tended to the table throughout the meal. However, as for the food it was below mediocre. I ordered the Sweet Soy Salmon. There was absolutely no presentation to my plate, and for a salmon dish to be over $20 it should have some decor to it. It was hard to taste anything other than soy as my meal was bathed in it. I'm 100 percent sure that the vegetables and rice were microwaved from a frozen bag. It wasn't just the salmon dish that was 'meh', other people at the table had similar experiences with their meal.

I'm realizing that these big Canadian chain restaurants spend all this money on design yet give up when it comes to the kitchen. If more effort were put into meals Milestone's would be an excellent restaurant.笑
Came here for a weekday lunch - Ambiance is quite nice, overall service was good, now the food! 

Ordered the signature burger with smoked meat... Although juicy and well seasoned... The smoked meat literally tasted like hot dogs! 

The best dish we had was the chicken Penne pasta... Well prepared and we'll seasoned. 

The worst dish we had was the ahi tuna tacos. They were so bland and unseasoned. About a quarter of an avocado is served deep fried as a garnish, which was bland, and had absolutely no richness - I could tell they used unripened avocados. Same goes with the avocado/guacamole sauce that comes on the taco. No flavour. Served on a cold wrap that probably came right from the package. Two tiny slivers of uninspired flavourless ahi tuna in each taco. I'd say this was one of the most disappointing dishes I've eaten in a long time, and the worse bang for the buck. 

We were in a rush to leave so we did not bother complaining, so I hope the manager reads this and for you all not to waste your dollars on that dish!笑
0 Stars - Rubbish. 
I'm not sure why anyone would decide to put themselves through this glorified Harvey's. We went on game night to grab grub and drinks since we had guests from out of town. Yet they would play the game since they had to pay for that channel. We waited 25 minutes for our second round of drinks, just to get attitude from the Abercrombie gone wrong waitress. When I asked her "why the Attitude?" she got so offended that she sent over her manager as she pointed us out to all the wait staff. How dare I ask such a question? 

The Manager that night was the most sarcastic person I ever met. We were better with the server that didn't like to serve. This manager was laying her chin in her hand (arm leaning on the table) and asked me "If it made me sad that the waitress gave me bad service". I really couldn't believe that this was happening. 

After 20 minutes of listening to her mumble about nothing I realized that she had no clue how to manage nor did she really care therefore I decided to lay into her a little. I basically told her that if she was serious about addressing customers concerns she should try to not treat them like 4 year olds. 

The way I figure it is that they get their business from the mall movie theatre and tourists to downtown so why would they care about local that give them regular business. I might be wrong but their service almost laugh worthy it was so bad. Like a Wayans Brother movie. 

They decided to give us some "come back for free appetizers coupons" which was also funny because after all of that, they actually thought that we would come back? I know that free cheese sticks are hard to resist yet I would prefer to be kicked between the legs with a frozen boot before going back there.笑
I've had Milestones before.  It's a typical Cara restaurant, dressed up.

This location was a real disappontment.  On a few occasions, I found the staff uncooperative and impolite.

My last visit was the final straw.  Our entrées took 1+ hours to arrive and while waiting, our server avoided us like the plague.  She didn't come by to apologize, offer to refill our drinks, etc.  When the meal came, it was cold.  When I told her to take it back, she had the cajones to show irritation towards me.  

I left without eating my main course.  That was the first and only time I have ever tipped $0.笑
I came here before a concert because I had been waiting for a table at Joeys for 45 minutes even though they said it would only be 15. So we decided to walk over to Milestones since we were hungry.The place was pretty busy but we got a table right away. The waitress seemed super rushed as it seemed she was helping a lot of tables as well as a large private party all at the same time. 

I ordered the Asian chicken bites and the classic burger. The chicken bites were great. Super flavourful and pretty filling as an appetizer. The burger on the other hand is why they are getting 3 stars. I asked for no lettuce and no tomato on my burger and the waitress brings out a plain burger. On the menu it said the burger came with cheese and bacon. But instead she gave me a completely naked burger, if I wanted a plain burger I would have gone to McDonald's and not paid $16 for one. I asked where the toppings of my burger went and she's like oh I assumed you wanted nothing on it.... I guess she was just overwhelmed by the number of tables she had or something. 

Other then that though it was a good experience and the food was pretty good. Can't really say if I'll be back or not though.笑
Visited milestones for the first time on Victoria day it was about a 30 min wait for a patio table.  Although when we were finally seated there were multiple empty tables available on the patio not sure why the wait.  

The drinks were great I had no complaints. I had the belini bowl and sunshine mimosa.

The pasta was okay nothing special.

The staff are really friendly but the food took a really long time to be served.笑
Hello Y'all 

First off, I'd like to state that, Milestone is first restaurant that I went in Toronto therefore that place little bit bolder for other one's however I'll review that restaurant unbiasedly.. 

Restaurant is located right middle of Dundas square, which allows you get awesome sightseeing of all square therefore, If you would like get your dinner with view, I suggest you to consider that part as well. Restaurant will be best pick to have your dinner or launch as long as you do hang out or nearby to Dundas Square. 

Appetizers are definitely recommended to you by waiters or waitress, ensure that you did not miss anything about your order. I ordered Cesar salad which was prepared well as far as I'm concerned. As main course I did have steak which was cooked well though it was little bit less cooked as far as I observed, however taste was luscious.  Also ambience was little bit dark to make conversations, more than that your eyes might close because of ambience...

Benefit; located in Dundas Square, 2 type of area, ( casual and little bit formal) , promptly cold beer service 

Drawbacks; Dark ambience, you may wait 20 or 30 minutes in order to have your favorite seat, slow meal serve

Bottom Line; I think that might be good idea to have your dinner with sunset with your fellas...笑
#MILESTONES #YELP #FOOD #COCKTAILS

I really enjoy this particular Milestones location. It's right around my favorite area, close to the alma mater Ryerson, Dundas Square and Eaton Centre. And it's MILES better than the Jack Astors in the building. But, it's always fairly busy. 

We were a group of 6. Service was a little bit of a bust, slower than usual on a Tuesday night. However, our server had a sense of humor and you could tell she was a people person. Had us charmed, and hence this is not the 3 star review it could've been. 

I ordered the following: 

2 Margaritas - the first one was better than the second somehow. I am guessing a bartendar swap. 

Bellini - WORST ever. Way too sweet. 

Rare Prime Rib Steak - Perfectly prepared with the right amount of fat marbling. The sides weren't as good. Too much potato... and no greens in the veggie side. And a mustard dressing that didn't taste too good.

So, I had a reasonably good time. I enjoy Milestones, particularly because they have some great daily specials. I'll be back. 

PS: the light fixture next to ours was leaking. And the table freaked out. Oh well, atleast it wasn't ours!笑
Service excellent. Nourriture variée et délicieuse  :) si on retourne à Toronto, on y retournerait !!笑
Milestones is not the place that you would want to go for good service. Both times I have been here we have sat in the bar area and the servers had just been horrible at there job. The first time we went in was for a bday and we ended up waiting forever to get our drink orders in (which was all we were having) and she didnt even come around to see if we wanted seconds. So after being there for so long we finally got the bill (which took almost 20 mins from us asking her to bring it over) It was just horrible.

The second time we went in it was just me and the bf. We ordered the spinach dip (DONT GET) and the croquettes. The pork croquettes were OK but they are from the top chef menu so i was expecting thatr WOW FACTOR but didnt get it. The spinach dip we sent back. Not only was it watery, but it was suuuuuper bland. There was no flavour to it and it tasted like it had been microwaved which was even worse. Im not a food snob but there are certain things that should be made fresh and i feel like those were one of them. The server was not engaging at all. Off the bat you could tell she was having a shitty night and was pissed off. She never came to check to see if our food was ok. Another server came to take it away and when we asked for the bill it took 15 mins before our server came over and asked "would you like anything else"......so i assumed the other server never told her. Again we waited for the bill for too long.......It sucked so bad i would never go back. They have no grasp on keeping people coming back because of there location they dont need to. And you can tell there staff doesnt give a shit either. The front dorr told us there was a wait for the dining room and when i went to the washroom there were soooo many open tables i was like wtf?? They told us to sit in the bar cause we would get served right away but we didnt. It was one bad service experience and i would never go back again.笑
Your service staff really dropped the ball tonight. Milestones, prepare for an earful about my recent mouthfuls from your dundas/yonge location.

We asked for water with our drink order, and that water did not come. So we asked a couple of your passing waitstaff and hostesses to bring us some. This was not done. Our mozzarella balls came out. Very delicious, but we still need that water buddy, hey how about some plates for that app too? 
We wait. 
Like ten minutes? Not ok. 20 minutes without server assistance? Time to get real. So real I got. I noticed the server station, where the app plates were stored, along with those walk away debit machines and God knows what else. I was a server once, how hard could this be? I got up, walked over and began to rummage for plates. Got said plates and returned to my table sucessful and my dear mom mortified. But at least we had plates. 
We ate our app. And it was perfect. In fact- culinary kudos to the Cara kitchen system. They manage their food with a level of scientific precision. Every dish we got tonight was excellent and you deserve a pat on the back cooks. 
But it's only half the story. 
There were servers there to help us get our water. And not just our server. There were hostesses, other servers, and this manager dude who I would really like to have a chat with. You all Failed, and it's sad because You are failing each other. 
A good service is a team, a family, and they are a family who loves to entertain their guests. Hospitality gushes from this family. Their head (that's you manager dude) can oversee, forecast and eliminate problems before they occur. You should have seen me going through your wait station. I could have been stealing your debit machines or any cash left there or pouring arsenic into a pitcher of water and you didn't even notice. Now I wouldn't do that, ever, but I am not everyone and I am betting there are some who could do that. Our server was clearly not keeping up, yet none of your hostesses jumped in to help her. You have to plan, direct, and motivate your staff. It's part of running a good restaurant.

Now. I WILL be back. I don't write off a restaurant just because of one bad experience. (Food was yummers! Yay!)
But pull yourself up as a team servers. It's the part of that job that makes it worthwhile, and there's a great satisfaction you will feel in your heart (and your wallet) when you do.笑
It was good experience. I found seat at the bar after checking with Jack asters and the other bar in the building. They were so full. It seams more people doing the same like me. The bar start to fill up now. The bar tenders are so nice and friendly. They have good selection of draft bear. I don't know about the food.笑
the atmosphere was really nice but the the menu was very limited i didnt really like that. What i finally ended up getting ribs which was a decent choice and mashed potatoes. If your looking for drinks and setting thats your place. Unless you only want steak then i wouldnt recomment them.笑
The food tastes better than other Milestones' locations. I enjoyed the calamari fries.笑
Our appetizer never showed. Ordered a burger with fries and everything was cold. Girlfriend ordered a drink before dinner. We've finished eating and we're still waiting for it. 
"Oh, we're busy tonight."

EDIT: I was angry and wrote the above at the restaurant during the 30 or so minutes it took to get that last drink and our bill. I haven't really cooled down after almost a month, so I feel I should add more detail. 

When we sat down, we had enough time to decide on an appetizer and our meals before the waitress showed up at all, so we ordered everything all up front. I suppose this was a mistake. I ordered a beer, which was not as cold as I'd like a beer to be, and given how long it took to get it, I already didn't trust that I'd get another for when my meal arrived, so I rationed it. Our appetizer never came out. We ordered the artichoke dip. I know this is probably just sitting in a pot ready be scooped and served with chips from a bag, so it's completely unacceptable that it never showed. 

When questioned about it as our meal arrived, our waitress insisted it wasn't her fault that it didn't come. The meal arrived 40 minutes after we'd ordered, and that was the second time we saw our server. My girlfriend ordered a drink that would show up another 30-35 minutes later with the intention of having it with her dinner. My beer was now warm. My meal was cold, and had obviously been sitting out for some time. My girlfriend's pasta was burnt. I don't know what we could have done for her meal, but mine could have been heated up. I ate slowly, because at this point I was terribly hungry, but still had hope our waitress would drop by after a few minutes to see how our meal was. That didn't happen. 

Our plates were cleared, and later, our server checked on us for a third time, missing drink in tow. Again, she told us it wasn't her fault. We asked for our bill, and after about 20 minutes, it came. 

How could it be our server's fault that she didn't care about us enough to show her face after we got our meal? How could it be her fault that she didn't check that we got our appetizer? Or that our meals were prepared poorly? 

The credit card machine suggested we tip 25% for this experience. I wanted to smash the thing on the floor. I felt like I was being mugged. What was supposed to be a nice night out with my girlfriend was ruined, and I was in a pissy mood for the rest of the night. 

We sent a complaint to the restaurant and they invited us back for a free dinner. We were assigned their "best server", said the manager, and we received great service and mediocre food, but this was in a controlled situation on a Thursday. It's hard to recommend this place though because you could get stuck with that same apathetic service we got the first time.笑
The biggest draw for me to Milestone's is its reliability and consistency. I've yet to have an unpleasant experience at this location, which has a gorgeous interior and great outdoor patio (note: outdoor seating arrangements are limited to groups of 4).

The girl and I almost always order Spinach & Artichoke Dip. This item has been on Milestone's' menu for years, and with good reason. 

Beer: Milestone's used to promote their own Palomino beer, but they have phased it out and now offer the usual suspects on tap: Guinness, Keith's, Creemore. Bellinis are always popular with the ladies.

I never stray too far from the Grilled Mediterranean Chicken for a main. It's not too adventurous, but the combination of goat cheese and pomegranate molasses is hard to ignore.

Milestone's is a bit steep for the food, but the location and consistency keep me coming back.笑
I had the Portobello Mushroom Chicken and it was soooooo good! I also recommend the drink that had Bailey's, Coffee, and Whipped cream put together. I had some steak off my friend's place too and it was incredibly juicy and just so good as well. I definitely want to go back.笑
The lightening is a little too dark here. Our waiter kept forgetting the details of our order including the Pepsi that my friend ordered. It later had to be "on the house" because she got it halfway through our entree. The location does possess a nice view of the ambience of Dundas street....nothing tops that really. 

The presentation of the ultimate fish tacos was restaurant professional. Compared to price it is definitely not value for money. The fish was nicely battered and crisp. However the Caesar that came on the side was horrible. It had two extra large chunks of croutons that was so soggy. I found one piece of bacon at the bottom of the salad and there was too much dressing. I was disappointed with my meal given the great location of this restaurant.笑
Absolutely the worst service I've ever experienced in a restaurant.

I was with several other guests for a birthday party over the weekend.

First of all, there were not enough servers to meet the needs of the clientèle which slowed the service down significantly.  I ordered a glass of wine which didn't get to the table for 45 minutes.  I also ordered a Caesar Salad which also took 30-40 minutes to receive and the butternut squash ravioli which took close to an hour to come to the table.  None of us ate at the same time which was awkward for everyone.  Secondly, the table had been decorated by a friend with glow sticks and masks and fun little things for the birthday girl.  One of the servers came to the table and said to us directly "Are you guys dosing?".  I can't even express how absolutely inappropriate that comment was.  I was shocked to hear this directed at us.  I hope their servers don't ask all of their patrons whether they're doing drugs (and loudly)?  It's one thing to think it.  It's a whole other level of bad manners to say it.

I was not impressed at all.  Nothing was given to us to satiate our hunger, no assurances that things would be moving along, nothing was done for us which there should have been some kind of acknowledgement of the bad/slow service.笑
The veggie burger was a great. The service was prompt. However the smoked poutine was probably the worst I've had. The meat was not smoked enough. The pickles were deep fried in some weird coat. And the gravy was below average. But the veggie was great.笑
If you are looking for somewhere generic to hang out at Yonge and Dundas, this is a decent bet. I had been admiring the location of this milestones and wanted to check out the view from above the AMC. 

Its on the top floor of the AMC, and taking the elevators up is fun! You feel like you are going higher and highter to an exclusive locale. The restaurant itself is pretty average. I've been to the Milestone's in Burlington and its alot better looking than this one. 

On one side is the lounge, which is self seating. The other side is the dining area (which I think has a better atmosphere but I didnt look that hard). I went over to the lounge, as I was meeting a friend for a drink. I snagged a couple chairs along the window, yay I got my view!

I felt like I was sitting in a cafeteria. I dont know what it was, but there was a lack of cozyness to the place. It was super loud and some crazy woman was laughing hysterically beside us. There were TVs in the background...I cant recall if the noise was from them or the crowd itself. I would say the place was 75% full, which is pretty good for a rainy Sunday evening. They don't take reservations.

I had a glass of Reisling, my friend had a beer. I enjoyed my wine! And it was around $8 for the glass, very reasonable. Service was fast and pleasant.

With the rain, people watching was not the best below. I got to see some homeless people checking the garbage cans, others running here and there out of the rain...thats about it.

I dont think I will go back here. Its...a good view and a cool concept, but not that exciting or swanky to hang in.笑
Service from Jared was horrible.  Asked for lemons on multiple occasions and he said to my wife 'it might take a while if I get around to it.'  (It was a Tuesday night, it wasn't that busy) He never got around to it.  He also never asked how our food was, either.  I didn't get around to leaving him a tip because he was a downright jerk.

At any rate, the ambiance is nice and the view is great. The hostesses were amiable, and the food was OK.  It's Milestones, it's just like the rest of them...mediocre at best, but the ambiance at this one is great.笑
Came here  for drinks with a friend tonight. We wanted a patio seat and was told it would be about 20 minutes so we took a seat at the bar in the meantime. Shortly after, our table was ready. The location is great; looking over the busy streets with the CN Tower in the back. I got 2 original bellinis  ($6.99 each) & was pleasantly surprised when the bill came and they were only $4.49 each because of Bellini Tuesday. I also got the chocolate torte; rich, smooth, and sweet, with a buttery caramel sauce. Good, but not fantastic. Service was pretty slow, though. My first drink sat empty for quite a while.笑
The challenge with chain restaurants next to major tourist attractions (e.g. Eaton Centre) is that, despite good intentions, they don't have to try that hard.  That might explain the lukewarm beer, mixed-up order and mediocre steak.  No matter how bad it gets, Milestones will pack them in.  There are better restaurants on Elm (Queen and Beaver) or Victoria (Metropolitan).  Try those instead and give this one a pass.笑
This is my worst restaurant experience of 2013. First, they forgot my drink for like 15 minutes. Then, they forgot to bring me mayonnaise. I had to ask 3x, by the time the mayonnaise arrived I had finished my fries. Finally, they charged my credit card almost $10 more than what I signed for. Unbelievable. Please go to another restaurant, there are many nice ones close-by.笑
The Ultimate Bellinis on tuesday is amazing! But nonetheless the service here is ok!. We had made a reservation for 20 people 2 weeks ago and yet when we reached there on time, they took another half an hour to get us seated. It was really embarrasing and I would not recommend this place for large groups. The food and drinks were scrumptious yet the service is an important part of the experience.笑
Absolutely love milestones. Good food, good price, excellent service although they are late at times.笑
Honestly its milestones. Everyone's been to one of these chains and thats pretty much what you should expect: A fancy chain restaurant. They make wicked all day breakfast food, ill give them that for starters. They make really good french toast. The tuscan salad was also pretty decent. I've had all their cheesecake at one point or another which bring me to my 2nd favourite thing about this place: desert, especially on quick casual dates. I've had my fair share of dates and Ive done the milestone thing to death as a result. I have to say that the entrees are pretty decent but again its chain food which is fine as you cant always eat at a unique restaurant. At least its dependable. You pretty much know what to expect. Belinis are also good! Music is kind of cool.笑
I had a lunch meeting at Milestone's today.  It was my first time to the location, I had trouble figuring out where the entrance was.  For future reference, it is the doorways leading to AMC theatres and the food court.

I have been to other Milestone locations that the service is great, no different at this location.  The food is standard, upscale pub grub, no complaints.  I was impressed by how quickly our lunch order came out.  Lunch meeting in under an hour, now that is a power lunch.

They have a great patio overlooking Yonge & Dundas square!  I will be back in summer for sure!笑
Great place to have a drink and sit out side. We had a decent meal, but our waitress Rose definitely bumped up our star rating. She actually deserves 5! What a doll!! Also, all the bartenders were super friendly. This place is hiring all the right people.  A very pleasant experience.笑
Horrible service today! I understand that it was Pride today but the service had nothing to do with that. We were a bit late because of Pride, (so many people and so much congestion and cut offs) so they did not accomidate what we asked for. We had a seat on the patio with a wobbly table. We asked of we could move to the table across that was empty and were told that it was too much trouble to switch our bill in the system!! We asked for a manager who after arguing with us finally agreed to let us switch but no one wiped it down so we were sitting in other peoples crud. They were incredibly rude and unprofessional. Every 2 seconds someone would walk by and not ask if we were ok or take any dirty dishes, and if they did we wpuld have mentioned our order was wrong!!! We ended up just paying the bill and getting the hell put of dodge because we didnt want to complain any more seeing how it falls on deaf ears anyways. The food was not great, very salty spinich dip and my salad was bland. The drinks were really yummy...but we had to wait forever because when we switched tables it was to confusing for them :S very disappointed笑
Very slow, unfriendly service at the bar area. Filthy tables.笑
Ce restaurant ce trouve dans un lieu touristique, je n'imagine même pas la fréquentation l'été mais j'y suis allée il y a 2 jours en soirée, et c'était calme! L'ambiance est très agréable, un peu tamisé mais pas trop, la musique est à un volume parfait.

Les plats ne sont pas cheap (17$ pour des pates/poulet au pesto), mais la qualité est présente donc rien à redire sur ce point là. Le service est très bien et discret ce qui est appréciable quand l'on souhaite manger tranquillement!

A faire si vous souhaitez manger un peu plus classe sans pour autant débourser 50$.笑
Good restaurant. I had a Slow-Roasted AAA Prime Rib; but for my taste it was too fatty. There was ginger in the smash potatoes and also in the dessert. I guest I am not a ginger lover. I may go back and try something different. Looks like a very nice place.笑
milestones is an easy go to restaurant for me.  tons of locations and tried a lot off their menu. The bruschetta app is actually REALLY good and so is the spinach and artichoke dip (big portion for this one and they give you a bunch of red tortilla chips).

My absolute fav dish here is the portobello mushroom chicken.  Comes with asparagus and a side of pasta, and the sauce they use is amazingggg!  Their side of mash potatoes is GREAT.  I LOVE their california spring salad.  The spicy pecans are a great mix in it.  However, I would not recommend adding the salmon for $6 because they give you the smallest piece.  Also, don't bother trying any of desserts, nothing special.笑
RACIST MANAGER ! The manager at this restaurant called me a "nig$er" and stated that "he doesn't serve our type here, go to Jack Astors"... He claimed to be the general manager(fat bald guy with glasses) .... There were cigarette butts all over the patio floor, crack in my pint glass, and a chunk of something on my cutlery. Not to mention it took over an hour to get food to the table... DO NOT EAT HERE....笑
I eat at Milestones quite often as it seems to be the default location for birthday parties these days. But for the amount you spend, you could easily find nicer places to eat at. I would generally suggest staying away from chain restaurants when it comes to big groups (ex: birthday parties) because they're always busy, especially on weekends, and they very often don't have a choice but to cut corners in the preparation of their dishes in order to accommodate for larger parties.   

With all that said, if you must eat at Milestones or near the Eaton Centre, I would recommend this location. The food at Milestones is really nothing special, and neither is their coffee. What I do like are their bellinis and their cheesecake is also quite decent, but they probably order that from some other place anyway. This place however, has me sold on their atmosphere. Their patio is lovely with an overlooking view of the busy Yonge & Dundas intersection and their bar area is also really nice and spacious. I also really love all that natural light coming through the oversized windows.笑
This location is terribly unorganized at getting guests a table. I was waiting with a friend and asked if we could sit in the bar. The hostess told us there was a long wait. I could easily see three empty tables in the bar area. Since I did not want to wait and was extremely hungry I approached someone who looked like the manager. At first he said we had to wait. I then pointed out all of the empty tables and he then told us we could go sit down at one. 

Once at our table the waitress helping us was amazing!  She was super warm and friendly. The wait staff and the hostesses provide a completely different experience. I would give the chaotic wait at the front of the restaurant a 1 or 2 star rating. Our sit down experience would be rated at 4 stars. That is why I decided to average my rating to a three. 

The bar has a really good view of the city I would highly recommend this location in the summer or winter for the view. Hopefully you won't have a crazy wait time getting into the restaurant. We almost left until I asked the manager if we could sit at one of the tables I saw were completely empty.笑
The Mini Peruvian Burritos with lomo saltado were savoury and tasty with the first few bites but the saltiness became unbearable. I could hardly finish them. The tortillas were definitely Old El Paso or equivalent, which was a major let down. If you have a bunch of dishes that come with tortillas, make your own or buy a high quality brand.

The Ahi Tuna Tacos (3x) were topped with a cilantro lime slaw that had a very intense citrusy bite. So much so that it took away from the taste of the gorgeous pieces of tuna. What  a waste!

The Sangria tasted like Minute Maid Fruit Punch. It was loaded with ice and pieces of fruit. The beer selection was miserable. 

Overall, I found the experience to be very disappointing.