Came here for lunch with some colleagues to finally check out this new place at Kierland. I've been to other Postino's in the valley and it has the same look and feel to it. I love that they have the bar that is open to the inside of the restaurant and the outdoor patio! It does get busy during lunch so I recommend you come a little before noon to get a table. We ordered the artichoke and hummus as an appetizer. The hummus had a bit too much garlic for my liking, but the artichoke was cooked to perfection and was quite flavorful. I also ordered the vegetarian sandwich and it was so yummy! I've never had it before and was surprised to find cashews inside, which I enjoyed. It does get messy to eat, but I truly enjoyed it! I love Postino's and they have such great prices!笑
I love Postino.  I have been several times including brunch and am always extremely happy.  The re is a great selection of wines and craft beers which they will let you sample before committing.  All glasses of wine and pitchers of beer ( a little over 2 glasses) are $5 before 5 pm daily.  This is a great deal and makes for a perfect weekend activity on the outdoor patio.  

The bruschetta planks are incredible.  I've tried almost all of the different options and they are all great.  My favorites are the prosciutto combined with dates and the warm artichoke spread.  The other food options look good but I can't get away from all the awesome bruschetta combinations. 

The service is always good as well.  The servers and bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  

The location is good in Kierland Commons so if you want to shop after that wine you have plenty of options.  Sometimes parking can be a bit of a challenge in peak times.  The same with seating as the location is pretty small.  Get there early on weekends!笑
Shame on you Postino's Kierland for your bartenders nasty attitude.  Maybe she should visit one of your other locations to experience real customer service!  Working in the Kierland area affords me many options for lunch.  Due to my work schedule usually it's take out.  In this instance the bartender couldn't be bothered with helping me with my food that was sitting right on the counter.  I pleasantly asked another friendlier female bartender as to how long I would have to wait to grab my take out order.  She immediately grabbed my food & rang me out!  Oh & snotty bartender lady your "Thanks for your patience" comment not necessary.  Foods always a delight... service today not so tasty!笑
Awesome happy hour we stumbled on while shopping in Kierland.  A nice glass of wine and a small pitcher of IPA for TEN DOLLARS!  Amazing, hip fun place. We will be back. Food looked good but we had just eaten. Check it out!!笑
Always good, been going to Postino for years, and this newer location lives up to the expectations I had for the one in PV. Everything is good, nice bruschetta options and salads are not your everyday generic ceasers. Solid lunch spot with good service and patio seating.笑
Really great selection of bruschetta, original combinations as well as the well loved combos. We sat at the bar, great casual vibe and good service. I'll definitely be back笑
Similar in feel to the other Postinos, but with the Kierland big space touch added. Very open to its patio and in fact was too chilly for the evening. Has my usual - wine and shared bruschetta after the four of us shared an appetizer. Sorry - can't remember the appetizer. Will be back for happy afternoon after the snowbirds leave...笑
Forget the pads for the chairs at the bar turn down the music so everyone is not shouting!笑
Deja, Stephen and Karan MADE OUR NIGHT!!! Thank you to the wonderful staff at Postino for making our Tuesday night a lot more eventful! Awesome service from the front desk to the entire staff. Love the new tomato jelly! Thanks everyone for a great experience :)笑
Man is this place packed! We decided to give this new location a whirl last Thursday evening (ok, I know that 6 barely counts as evening but we are getting older) and the wait was a little longer than we were hoping for. Luckily, two bar seats opened up and we slid right in. The weather was perfect and the place is beautiful! Super clever architectural features and a second floor that I hope to try on for size some day. 

We ordered a glass of rose and the Delhommeau (had to go back to the menu online to look this one up) and they were both so crisp and refreshing. Moved on to a board of bruschetta and we split a nine iron/club sandwich and salad for our mains. Despite how busy the restaurant was, our service was impeccable and everything came well within our expected time line. We had a great time and will definitely be back again!笑
First time here and fell in love with the ambiance, food and service.

The patio setting was beautiful, loved the way they plant the cactus around the patio, it was beautiful.
Really cool interior decor and young vibes.

I had lunch combo panini and tuna salad, it was delicious. I'm not usually crazy about tuna salad, but this one is so different ( is good).
The price surprisingly was reasonable for Kierland mall.

I was a happy customer :)笑
Super cool ambiance in here sitting at the bar.  Loved my bread flight or as they call it burschetta. You get to pick 4 different types of bread with toppings and they come out on a plank.  I loved all of mine except 1 the brie and apple, would have been better if the brie was melted, the goat cheese ones are all tasty so just get them. 
  The wine list is great huge variety and the staff was well versed in them so they did not give me some wine just because.  I got a petite syrah which was amazing super rich.  They have a beer option here as well, and the taps were great Stone IPA on tap made my husband happy.笑
Apologies on the delay! The owner reached out to me many, many months ago and sent me a $50 gift voucher. While I personally have not been back, I did pass those vouchers along to the girl whose birthday we were celebrating that afternoon. I am not sure if she used them or not but she has been back and her experience was much a complete 180 from our initial visit in April. 
Thank you so much!笑
WOW. What a great experience TWICE! My daughter and I ate here a couple of weeks ago and had a wonderful dining experience. We found out they had serve our favorite dishes gluten-free as well. Sooooo....we came back with the entire family (my husband is gluten-free and craves good bread). From the moment you walk in you want to stay. The ambiance is just FUN. Katie welcomed us and we told her how excited we were to be here again to share this experience with the rest of the family. Katie recommended a couple of wines for us and brought us some tastings which were wonderful. We ordered a great display of olives to start and then ordered their fabulous BRUSCHETA experience. Truly a delight for the palette, you choose four selections of toppings on bruschetta...and YES this option is also available on DELICIOUS (did you hear that???) GLUTEN-FREE BREAD! We were like kids in a candy store choosing Brie & Apples with fig spread, and Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato just to name a couple (we'll leave the choices as a surprise to you....it's so exciting to see all the delicious combinations!). They even have seasonal specials. Meals are served on  butcher blocks and they offer artisan meats and cheeses with toppings as well. On top of all of this is the ambiance. Yes, a created visual ambiance with lighting, sound, design....but even more special is the very clear positive energy in the staff. We interacted with several servers and watched them all truly enjoying to be there and working together. That is special. You just feel more welcome in a place where people are happy. You can honestly sit here and drink and nosh for hours! So a great big thank you to Katie and staff for TWO great evenings. Although we were vacationing here, we will definitely be here again next time we visit!!笑
I'm sitting here right now with my roomie loving the ambiance, service, food and wine like always! Our server Stephen is spunky and has a great attitude. He has been swift and smiling through every step of service. (Like everyone should) I always tip way over 20% on Tuesdays and Wednesday's because the $20 wine bottle and bruschetta board deal is a steal! I want to tip accordingly to how much time I'm sitting at a table.
Anyway, thanks again Stephen!笑
This is a regular spot for me and friends. Their sandwiches are always great, the service is friendly, and everything is priced well.

Although it may appear upscale, the environment is relaxed and great for casually hanging out with friends.

My favorite is the roast beef sandwich and just about any of the bruschetta. Their wine specials are great and they always have a well-diverse beer selection on their menu.笑
This place is always busy, but for good reason! Their manager and staff are incredibly professional and prompt, the food is consistently good, and it's hard to pass up mimosas on the weekend.  If you have a large party they do take reservations! It's always my go-to place when out of towners come to visit because it has something for everyone.笑
Great service, great food. The outdoor patio is very nice to sit at. I was impressed with their raspberry chicken salad.笑
First of many visits to come. Bruschetta boards are worth the trip. Nice wine selection as well. Server was very helpful. We will absolutely be back.笑
Great salads and service.  However, It was probably the most annoying meal ever. The chairs and bar stools sliding in and out and screeching like nails on a chalkboard - was just too much!!! 

Seriously Postino? Do you hear that? The table next to us was just as perplexed and thoroughly annoyed as we were. 

Tip: don't sit anywhere near or at the bar!!  

Get it together Postino!  15$ worth of felt pads can make a world of difference.笑
Got there on a very busy Saturday around brunch time (noon) and had a little bit of a wait.  The staff brought us water while we waited, as we were sitting outside.

They do have a nice menu of wines and before 5PM, they're all $5 per glass.

The food they mainly have is salads, sandwiches, appetizers and bruschetta.  In fact, their bruschetta menu was amazing, filled with lots of great-looking items.  They also have a very nice selection of paninis, made with focaccia or ciabatta.  

The service was just OK... seemed a little rushed and the server kept forgetting to bring items we asked for.  

Food tasted quite nice and overall, it was very good for lunch.笑
What can I say? I love this place. It's simple, easy, and relatively inexpensive for what you get. I've had every type of bruschetta but my favorites are the smoked salmon with capers, arugula/burrata/bacon, mascarpone/fig/prosciutto, and the apple/fig/Brie. I also love the Autostrada sandwich with focaccia bread. If you're feeling healthy, the Hannah's Field salad I could eat every day. It comes with kale, quinoa, Fuji apple, apricot, almonds and a few other things that escape me and a delicious apple cider mustard vinaigrette.  Who can forget their incredible five until five happy hour they have every day? Pictchers of beer and all glasses of wine only five bucks! It can be pretty dangerous! I've always had good service here, and at the other locations so I'm not sure what other reviewers are talking about but overall this is a chill, good place to relax, have a drink, and eat some good food.笑
I went to Postino tonight and have been here multiple times in the past. I LOVE their bruchettas! Every one is so unique and delicious in its own way. I bought a bottle of wine for me and my friend, 4 bruchettas, and one bowl of olives. This time around when I went was not busy. Our server was quite strange. We got the Malbec and did like it after one sip. We took it back and got Pinot Noir instead. During our process our server kept saying things as: "oh you're not a wine drinker huh?" And I mentioned the Malbec is too taste for me. She goes "It is? Sorry but I disagree!". It was such a strange experience where we decided to leave her table and go to the bar instead. 

I feel like they shouldn't have servers with little experience in customer service. I felt uncomfortable since our server was basically judging me.笑
Good reasonable priced panini however they do Not have vegan bread. I thought the service was spectacular. Only reason for three stars was lack of vegan breads. Yes they have salads that can accommodate vegan but again you have to ask to eliminate cheese or egg.笑
Restaurant is beautiful and the food is fabulous. However, for a Saturday brunch it was slowwwwwww. We waited close to 30 minutes for our food. Appetizers never came out and all of a sudden here come our sandwiches. We never saw our waitress after we ordered. They have no problem pushing the alcohol but food related servers were not what I would expect from an established company/restaurant. Their food and reputation will keep them in business but their kitchen and servers may keep me from rushing back.笑
Love this place. While there are several options on the menu the bruschetta board is the way to go. They make changes ever few months to the options - but my personal favorites are the bacon & burrata, warm artichoke and the pepper jam. Usually a bruschetta board and a salad split between two people is enough to fill me up.

They also have some great wine specials on certain weeknights and happy hour.笑
This is probably my favorite location to go to! I've been to all in the valley & just recently ventured up to Kierland and had an amazing lunch. I love the patio and our waitress, Candice, was absolutely wonderful. So friendly, talkative, and just overly pleasant to be around AND super knowledgeable about the wines which I loved! I'm usually more of a full bodied wine drinker and was looking to try something new and she suggested the Periano, Petite Syrah, and I'm officially hooked! Thanks for a great experience - definitely will be back a lot!!笑
My friend and I ordered the Bruschetta (4 large slices of delicious bread with toppings) and each ordered 4 separate toppings....delicious!!!  We sat outside on a beautiful day and had a great waitress.笑
Happy Hour (daily from 11-5) was great for drinks - $5/glass of wine & $5 pitchers of beer!! Service, meh - slow & inattentive. Bruschetta was delicious, both gluten free & regular!! Creme Brûlée was excellent  Nice atmosphere, clean, open & good music mix. We left at 6:10 on a Tuesday & there were quite a few people waiting to be seated - eclectic clientele.笑
Despite all the buzz about Postino opening in Kierland, I can safely say I'm over it already. The lunch crowd is your basic Scottsdale ladies-who-lunch and the limited menu is unchanging. After a few visits you realize it's boring, not because the food isn't good (assuming you're into bread) but because you've already seen it all. 

And Sweet Moses Management, turn the music down! This is another great street-side location - why trash it up with blaring pop music, even on the patio. Get some musical sophistication, or better yet abandon the noise pollution completely. We're there to converse, not listen to the radio.笑
5 stars for what the menu offers (drinks and creative bruschetta boards). First review of this place is a bit suspect since they just opened tonight.  Nevertheless,  they handled a busy crowd, delivered great service and attention to detail.  Decor came out great and it's definitely a spot to return to.  Very happy that they opened this location.笑
Nice place, good staff, and tasty food. Five dollar pitchers are amazing. Had brunch and a drink and enjoyed it.笑
Amazing atmosphere, great deals on wine, and delicious bruschetta! I have always been to the postinos on highland, but this one has a different vibe to it and I love it.

Will absolutely return in the future! 

5/5笑
Amazing service! Amazing food!!! Love this place for wine and apps!! I'be been to a couple of different locations and the quality of food and service has been superb at all the locations. They have the most amazing Pesto! I can just drink it with the amazing wine! :)笑
I live in Kierland and I would rather drive to Arcadia location. Service wasn't very good at all!笑
So happy they finally opened one in North Scottsdale. Love the set up, two stories, great patio and great service. We went here opening week and the wait was a little long so they paid for a round of our drinks for being so patient. This has definitely become a regular place for us to go.  We love bringing friends and family here, even if it's just for a drink.笑
I loved this place! The service was great and the food was even better! I had the "pick 2" and chose to have half of a salad (the raspberry chicken salad)  and half of a sandwich (chicken mozarella). It was like Panera but 100 times better and it was only $10.50! 

If you haven't been, I highly recommend you check it out!笑
I don't get the lemming effect of this place. 

People seem to flock here (follow the leader) because the place is busy - it's all open and can be seen and heard (with the ridiculously loud music) from five stores away in any direction. 

That would be great. IF THE FOOD WAS GOOD. It's below average quality.

The two times I went the hostess had the nastiest attitude too. No time for that with much better food within a hop, skip or jump. 

It's nice to see restaurants busy at Kierland, especially when some, like Ra, are moving. 

But it would be better if they were of higher quality, (clientele and quality of food).

Any restaurant that does not take reservations attracts a trashy crowd. Sadly, 95% or more of the crowd at Postino is trash.笑
Bartender needs to pay closer attention to his guests and less with the waitress who can't find anything to do.笑
Such a great place! We come here almost every date night for the wine and amazing food. The prices aren't cheap, but the food is unbelievable!笑
Had dinner with the girls here last week and as always had great food and wine! Atmosphere was ok and service was so so. We will come back again but hope to have better service. Anytime you are kid free and order 3-4 bottles of wine you really just want a nice server. Nothing terrible just a little disappointed. Bruschetta was amazing as always and butcher's block was good! Food is great but be ready to wait on Friday night!笑
First off, I want to give a shout out to Taylor. She was an amazing waitress and continually checked on us to make sure we liked what we got. We asked her opinion on what type of wine we should order for the board and bottle, and she gave amazing recommendations. She was dealing with an "interesting" table next to us and was super professional. 

Postinos is amazing. They have one of the best deals for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. The bruschetta is always amazing. 

TLDR: Taylor is amazing and should be recognized for how amazing she is, and the board and bottle is awesome.笑
Great food, cool environment! We're from NC and here for the weekend - we had read good things about this spot & also got a recommendation from a friend. My husband & I got the butcher block to start things off & it was tasty. I ordered the bruschetta, which was amazing. I love that you can choose four different kinds - it was perfect. My husband got a "pick two" with a mixed greens salad (delish!) and 1/2 turkey panini. We didn't finish our food, but couldn't resist ordering the salted caramel sundae just for a few bites - totally worth it. The hot caramel sauce was awesome. All staff were super friendly!笑
In town for 2 days and both days had to eat here. Excellent food  and service was magnificent. Cannot say enough about Bobby (server/bartender) make sure to ask for him you'll be treated like royalty!!!笑
Postino is a pretty popular wine bar with light food, focused mostly on salads, sandwiches, and their delicious bruschettas. I've tried the Brussels sprouts salad, vegetable platter, and the smoked hummus, which were all delicious. Plus, you can't go wrong with the bruschettas, especially the Brie, fig and apple. Since most of the food is simple and I could make it at home, I probably wouldn't come here if I lived in Arizona. However it's a fantastic choice if True Food Kitchen is closed already and you're looking for a light bite in the Kierland area at night.笑
My first time there && I loved it!!! Best bruschetta I have ever had! The service was great && I loved how all the servers help each other out. Great service and I will defiantly be back for more.笑
I'm so happy to finally have a Postino so close!! My boyfriend and I went the week it opened and it was packed! However, the wait was short and they have so many people staffed we didn't even feel that it was busy. The atmosphere was wonderful and the bruschetta was amazing as always.笑
The food was delicious, the soup was surprisingly tasty, and that cucumber honey lemonade was very good and refreshing! I'll be back, for sure!笑
Go for the bruschetta, always good.  This is a fun, hip place but happy hour ends at 6 which is too bad.笑
This place is the hottest happy hour and evening spot in North Scottsdale. Fantastic specialty beers  and light food selections make for a great evening out. One bartender, Holden, will make your evening magical with his attentive service and fun conversation. Be sure to ask him to exhibit his Cobra/Python dance moves! 
This is a mandatory stop for any serious fun seeker.笑
Went here for a work lunch. Definitely wasn't my normal kind of place. The Rep I was with is vegan and loves these niche places. I will always try somewhere once. It had a nice vibe and the staff was super friendly. The wait staff was great, always checking in. The bruschetta was good. The fig Bruschetta was my favorite which was surprising. It was sweet desert type. Although it was good, it felt strange to me. It was a unique experience for me but you probably won't see me there again. Not my cup of tea.笑
Bottle and board for $20!? Does it get better than that? Yes it does. Ask for Josh as your server but don't think you'll ever make it to 'favorite' status, that's reserved for me. BTW, don't forget to order the Picpoul.笑
Gluten Free Friendly! This restaurant has the most amazing gluten free bread and they can use it for their bruschetta and their sandwiches. They only have beer and wine but it's $5 until 5 every day!  if you're looking for casual gluten free sandwiches and salads with a glass of wine, then this is your place!笑
This is not the Postinos I know.  Because I love the other experiences I've had there I had to knock a couple of stars off for service, food not up to the Postino standard and loud music. They were busy but hopefully they improve with time.笑
We dine in at Postino regularly and are always impressed by the consistently of the food and the impeccable and friendly service. Katie is always friendly and helpful and Robert is our favorite server! He creates the experience!笑
Came in here right before bartenders switch over. Super cool place with an awesome happy hour before 5. 5$ wines, WHAT. I really liked the first bartender who was engaging until it came time to switch over. The bartenders went around asking everyone to either close out or transfer to the new bartender (pretty standard thing to ask) but not me. I was ignored for all of 15 minutes with an empty wine glass while the transfer occurred. finally was offered an additional glass by the original bartender which was cool. But the new one closed me out and seemed pretty abrupt. Said all of two words to me "all ready?" As he grabbed my card. Im new to AZ and i think this is a cool spot but I wish my level of service had sustained until the end and not been hindered by the switch over. Food was great but I do not recommend the artichoke bruschetta -- the others I got were AMAZING (goat cheese and pepper jelly, smoked salmon and pesto, fig and marzipan and prosciutto).笑
SO DISAPPOINTING!! Love their other locations. Food was ok. Service was HORRENDOUS!! Our entire table sat with empty glasses & dirty dishes. Impossible to get anyone's attention to order a drink. Was "scolded" by the underage waitress because we had to finally WAVE from across the restaurant while she hung out with one of her co-workers. When we finally were served, NO ONE could be bothered to clear anything from the table unless we stopped them, stacked dishes and begged. Delivered the bill before delivering our last drinks..?? Definitely will NOT return unless management gets a clue and trains this staff. Just because you landed a job at the "new hotspot" does not entitle you to give lousy service with an attitude. Way, WAY too many choices in the area. Get it together Postino or this place will be like so many in N. Scottsdale... collecting dust. People return for atmosphere and SERVICE more than anything, trust me.笑
Full disclosure - I had my first date with my spouse at Postino. I love their bruschetta, and this location has my favorite brunch due to the amazing patios. Be prepared to wait for a table if you bring a large party or come on a peak night. Don't be afraid to ask the staff for wine recommendations!笑
Sorry Postinos, you didn't win with this one. Come on guys, you've opened several locations. You should have this figured out. 

The wait at 2pm on a Sunday was an hour. Completely expected that, considering the newly opened status and far north location. Hostesses were great. My girlfriend and I did a little window shopping to pass the time. 

We got the perfect table on the patio. Worth it! Until we waited 15 min for anyone to even show up to take a drink order. We waited even longer for those drinks to arrive. Our appetizers showed up first! We had to request to see our server from someone else to order our lunch, as he never came back to refill drinks or check on us. The bread was dry and hard. Just overall not a great experience. While the patio is delightful, I'll stick to other locations.笑
Didn't even put our name down on the wait list because the hostess was extremely rude and condescending and snsppy. Will never be back. Unfortunate, because we have always enjoyed going to the older location.
11/13/16 2:40pm笑
Don't get me wrong, I love Postino. However, my experience at the Kierland location was FAR less than stellar last night . 
I have been on the email list for Upward Projects for years, and really enjoy all of their concepts, especially Postino. I received an offer for their anniversary for a free board of Bruschetta. I work close by, so after work I walked over to enjoy a board and a glass of wine. I sat at the outside bar and waited and waited and waited for the bartender to acknowledge my existence. Another gal had sat down close to me and waited for a friend to join her. He greeted her, recommended wine , went over all of the bruschettas, brought said wine, and completely ignored me. Literally 8 minutes or so after I sat down he walked over with absolutely no apology and asked what I wanted to drink. I gave him my full order and mentioned that I had a code for the bruschetta. 
Three minutes later I received my bruschetta, which was ice cold. As in refrigerated cold. I strongly suspect that it was made up ahead of time in anticipation of a busy Friday night. He didn't ask how it was, nor did he ask if I needed anything. 
A few minutes later he announced he was leaving for the day and said if I needed anything to let a bartender named Berkeley know, or a petite dark haired female bartender. 
Not surprisingly, neither of these bartenders ever spoke a word to me. My wine glass sat empty. Even my credit card sat on top of the bill for 10 minutes before the female bartender picked it up to process it. Only then did she smile and tell me to enjoy my weekend. It felt like a weak attempt to salvage her tip. 
As a former fine dining server, good service is important to me. I also tip extremely generously when I receive good service . My service at Postino on this visit was so poor that it was non existent . I will not stiff a server or bartender, but they honestly did not do one thing to deserve a tip. 
As I mentioned, I work very close by, and am asked daily if I would recommend Postino. After this visit, I will certainly hesitate . There are too many other good places to eat where one actually feels welcome and appreciated. :-(笑
Monday and Tuesday nights are "Bottle and Board for $20". Its a great deal for some bruschetta and a decent bottle of wine. We highly recommend!笑
My first, and probably only, experience at Postino Kierland was hugely disappointing. We walked in excited to see how Postino "did its thing" in my neighborhood - namely, highlight what makes the area special and make others love it as much as the residents do. There's nothing special at the Kierland Postino location. It's the same modern sterile atmosphere, posing crowd, spotty service you can get at any other douchy NoSco hangout, and it doesn't represent the best part of this neighborhood at all.  We did see the same menu items at this Postino-Lite, but you can get toast with stuff on it and good tasting inexpensive wine anywhere. Personally, I'd rather drive 20 minutes to the Phoenix Postino locations than spend any time here. I was/am disappointed that Postino stopped promoting what makes each location special and went the easy corporate chain route.  The bruschetta and wine didn't overcome the corporate chain atmosphere and my disappointment and so we left early to finish our happy hour elsewhere.笑
I've been to all of the locations in Phoenix and this one has the same consistent menu as all of them; great for wine and bruschetta.   (Their salads are very good as well.) This location always seems pretty crowded between the Kierland shoppers and the guests that come over from the Westin next door.    Because it is crowded, or maybe just because it's newer, the service isn't always on par with the other locations....you may be there for a while.   That said, it's a great place to sit outside (if you can find a spot) and enjoy the evening!笑
I'm a fan of all Postino restaurants, and this is no exception. They have a large selection of wines and a small selection of beer, but they all seem to be good! The food is good too, but I've only had snacks - bruschetta, olives, bread, cheese, etc. It's good for a "girlfriends" night out or a happy hour. Just as a note, it's beer and wine only - no liquor. So no bloody marys if you're going for Sunday brunch!笑
So glad they moved up north. The staff is wonderful, the ambiance is perfect and the food amazing! You can't go wrong with the bruschetta. So many options and no matter which ones you choose, you won't be disappointed!笑
Five stars for the food and waitstaff service, but Adam is a true maitre d'. He refilled our water so many times, there's no way we will be hungover tomorrow. We call him the "hydration station." He must have gone to school for photography, because his excitement and willingness to take as many photos to the get the perfect one, was out of this world.  What a great time we had.笑
Lovely restaurant with GREAT QUALITY FOOD!! The place definitely gets busy and sometimes the service could be a bit more helpful, but they do a good job overall! Awesome selection of brushetta + butchers block is a big favorite.笑
Nice little wine bar near lots of great shopping. Free parking. Can't beat $5 pitchers, mimosas and bellinis (which were really good).

Great place to meet up with friends.笑
I was not impressed. Service was okay, but the food was very mediocre.

I had the bruschetta selection and with the exception of the artichoke it all tasted the same. There was way too much bread and, well, just not special.  You can not beat the location, but I was very disappointed in what I thought was mediocre selection of food and wine.

I can think of several other places that have much better bruschetta and drinks selection.笑
Don't order the "Granola" from the brunch menu, it comes with old brown disgusting fruit, an overload amount of sour Greek yogurt, and almost no granola. Service is average at best.笑
Location and service good. Very small, not  good for mtg a group of more than 4 people. Won't be good in the summer as its patio faces west. Attracted a 55-65ish crowd.笑
I love the board and bottle deal!! The Riesling is amazing and the artichoke bruschetta is my absolute favorite笑
I've always loved Postinos but today I had their roast beef panini substitute with provolone instead of port, on focaccia bread! Oh my god! Insanely good, one of my new favorite sandwiches in the world. The music here is upbeat as is the staff. If you're in Scottsdale, day drink here on a Sunday afternoon, it's a mini vacation.笑
Horrible service. I ordered a Arnold palmer and got a lemonade/ice coffee drink then they brought me a iced tea and after the third time I finally got my Arnold palmer. Then they charged my friend for both our meals when we split the bill and gave them 2 different debit cards and so now my friend has to wait 3-4 business days for the $40 to go back into his bank account from the waiter charging his card for my bill. I will not be going back.笑
As much as I really like postinos today was not one of those days! I ordered a simple granola parfait and unfortunately it was the worst parfait I've ever had! The yogurt was dry and hard it was obviously not very fresh, the granola was very salty which is weird because granola should be sweet and there was barely any fruits on there. Just a few pieces of apple she barely any strawberries. The server never got me a spoon and I had to have it with a fork. Overall it was a bad experience for a Saturday breakfast today!笑
Great little spot, prime for chillin' and nibblin' with a really niche wine list and fun people watching.

First time in Phoenix, and everyone said I had to stop in here - glad I did. The layout is very cool with a great decor inside and out. A fun little balcony, main dining room, and outdoor bar/patio which packs up most nights.

The bruschetta is obvious, here. Go outside your comfort zone with them. Get a 4-board and try something new. They are all pretty good, with the ricotta/date/pistachio probably being my favorite.

The wine list is interesting and very niche. I had never heard of most of their offerings. Ultimately, the wine is where they probably can improve on, but there's a lot to like about this place and I will try to revisit before I leave Phoenix.笑
My favorite place ever!!! I brought 2 friends,  they are hooked!!! The bruschetta is so amazing!  The staff is super friendly and all around awesome!! So happy to have a Postino in Kierland!!!笑
Ate here for lunch and thought it was great.  Place is well put together, server was friendly and seemed to enjoy his job, the food was excellent.

It was a tad pricey, but I guess it is expected in this location.  $22 for for a lemonade, 1/2 a salad and 1/2 a Panini is a little steep, but it is what it is.

My friend got the bruschetta board...it was amazing as well.  I tried a piece of the artichoke one and it was out of this world.

Overall, it was solid.笑
I love Postino! This restaurant seems a little smaller than other locations and I don't know if I like the Cut up Playboy collage on one of the walls but I love their food so I'll always be a returning customer.笑
Along awaited and overdue! I cannot express how pleased I am this Phoenix staple has now joined the Scottsdale scene! A great venue for meeting old and new friends alike over some delicious nibbles and great wine! This location offers something over the others, much more draft beer! With 10 choices on draft, there's something to please everyone! And for those who don't know, Monday and Tuesday is the BEST deal in town! Team service assures the guests feel welcomed and their experience is special! Can't wait to be back.笑
I think this location would benefit from hiring more experienced servers or at least ones that seem like they want to be employed. After being seated outside, it took 15 minutes for the first server to acknowledge us. We ordered wine and we were going to order food but the service and the ambiance were lacking so we opted to take our business else where.笑
THIS PLACE WAS AWESOME. Such good food. My recommendation would be the fig and pistachio bruschetta, and everything else I tried was to die for. The wait staff was also very kind and respectful. I'll definitely be back! :D笑
Bruschetta menu was fabulous with interesting flavor combinations. Music loud. Sat upstairs & would like to try outside seating. Nic was a friendly & efficient waiter.笑
Hey hey hey all my AZ peeps, this place was a real treat . A must try is the prosciutto fig jam panini, the flavors that pop in your mouth is so delicious. The flat breads are delicious as well but order a few because they are small . For all you beer drinkers and wine lovers ... you won't be disappointed there is plenty to try ! If you go enjoy and as always let me know what you think.笑
Small, sun in your eyes, no air conditioning anywhere in restaurant, sat upstairs, 94 degrees, windows open, no air conditioning, won't be back, will not recommend.笑
Jeremiah and Emily were awesome! The entire staff is, you can tell everyone working there loves what they do and gives great customer service!! I've always loved Postinos!! Happy to welcome them to north Scottsdale at keirland!!笑
Yum! Great lunch spot. Brussel sprouts salad is fab and the panini are great too. Fun, modern atmosphere and great service. Will be back for bruschetta and wine!笑
It was a great atmosphere sitting outside. They gave us a brunch menu at 1:15 and after we ordered from the brunch menu, they said brunch was only until 1. They said they could put the order in for us but why give customers a brunch menu if brunch was over??? I ordered some eggs over focaccia toast and a tomato salad. My meal was just ok. If I ever went back, I would have to try something else.笑
Great new addition to Kierland. Just like the others Postinos. Great service food atmosphere and vibe. A welcome addition to Kierland and much needed.笑
My wife Michele and I visited this restaurant for the first time last night.  Although it was a Friday night and the restaurant was very busy, the service was amazing.  We sampled a few different wines, enjoyed appetizers and a main course, and also dessert.  Everything came out quickly, and we were served primarily by our server Laura and the manager Katie.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, and the food was great.  I highly recommend this restaurant and will be visiting again very soon.

Katie and Laura are great representatives of this restaurant, and should be commended for their commitment to great service.笑
I can't say enough good things about Postino. As far as locations go, I think Gilbert has the best food overall followed by Postino Arcadia, Postino Kierland and then Postino Central, but I would give all of them 5 stars except Postino Central which I gave 4 (due to freshness of ingredients). 

This location is special because it has an upstairs and downstairs, which I love. However, they had some issues when we were there with running the food/drink upstairs. Hopefully they will work those out soon. 

If this is your first time trying Postino, you MUST try the bruschetta. It is out of this world. I've been to a couple of different other places that seem as if they are trying to copy Postino's bruschetta, but it is never as good. 

Aside from the bruschetta, the salads are wonderful, all of them, my favorite being the italian picnic. 

Most importantly, the wine is amazing at Postino. If you are not sure which to try, ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better, on Mondays and Tuesdays if you come at 8pm they have their special - any bottle of wine AND a tray of bruschetta! It cannot be beat!!笑
Came here for lunch with my mom last Sunday, and it was crowded.  I expected that!  They have a check in with your cell phone, so you can download an App that tells you your place in the line.  We were able to walk around and do some window shopping while we waited.

We were seated outside, which was a bit warm.  I am not happy with this early heat!  It was only February.  Someone came and got our drink order right away.  Then someone came with a scone, but we did not order a scone.  He walked away so quickly that we did not have a chance to tell him that we thought it was a mistake.  Our server came and yes indeed they had delivered it to the wrong table.  It was for the women next to us.  Tiny bit awkward, but we did not touch it, so I guess that was fine.

My mom and I split the bruschetta.  Apple and fig, white bean and tomato, smoked salmon, and warm artichoke.  We really liked the white bean, but all were excellent!

No room for dessert!  I would come back, but expect a wait, especially on a Sunday at lunch time!笑
We came at around 8:30PM on a Monday night for their $20 wine and board deal (every Monday and Tuesday after 8PM), and there was no wait. 

The place is hip and modern with their retro-themed decor, and the booths made it cozy with their lounge-like appearance in the night. The laidback atmosphere and dim lighting gave us a lot of 1920s/Gatsby-vibes.  

Food-wise their bruschetta was excellent, and we wish we would have had the stomach space to try all the flavors.  Our favorites that night were their "smoked salmon and pesto" and "prosciutto with figs and mascarpone." Highly recommended for their savory and buttery goodness, but honestly try them all if you have the chance. Service was also excellent, as we got just enough attention and space throughout the night. 

Overall, a great spot to hang and chill with friends. A relaxed atmosphere for chit chat and catching up, fancy food and drinks to make everyone feel special, and great deal on Monday/Tuesday evenings.笑
Had the most wonderful lunch here on Friday.  Great service from all of the teammates.  We did have a tiny issue and the customer service was absolutely best of class.  Order the prosciutto and brie panini for a real treat and oh don't forget to relax and have a glass or 2 of wine.  Only $5 until 5PM!!  What a wonderful way to start the weekend.笑
Are you kidding me!! I love, love, love the happy hour, $5.00 pitchers and incredible service by Staci the amazing bar maiden, she is pleasant, attentive, knowledgeable, and comes with an amazing smile that will melt your heart, she is an all around quality human being.  Her level is only rivaled by the Mr. amazing Bobby G.  By far the most friendly server on earth!! These two couple with the cool, calm, and collected spiritual soul brother Sebastian. Not to mention the Postino's libations and tasty morsels makes for the quintessential life experience.笑
From the moment we walked in the door, our host Zach made us feel extremely welcomed with a bright smile and warm greeting. It wasn't too long of a wait, and then our server Paul took great care of us! The food and drinks were amazing, and my water cup was never empty. Great experience at Postino!笑
We came to postinos on a Friday night and had the worst service ever. We were seated but didn't get our waters until much later. Our waitress did not seem experienced and was not attentive at all. Worst service and will not be returning. Terrible first impression of a new location.笑
Had the Rasberry Chucken. It was good. But I did get very sick from it. Maybe bad Chucken. Everyone else has something else and were fine. We waited 45 mins for a table out side. Very close seating. And very loud. Service was good. And friendly. Don't think we will go back. Expensive for what we got.笑
Wife and I tried this place last night and were disappointed. It's only beer and wine and there only food is Panini which both of ours were cold.For food only I would give 1 star. The ambience is cool and modern - a lot of Cougars at the bar for decor and ambience 3 stars. Service was awful we had to flag down wait staff to get anything including silverware. Cool patio if you want to hang out and have glass they were completely out of Malbec at 7:30 on Thu night.笑
Came in on a Friday night and only had a 10 minute wait! We got sat outside however they did have the heaters on. Our server, Kaula, greeted us promptly and was very sweet with great suggestions! We ordered a salmon, a bacon and an artichoke bruschetta as well as a bottle of Pinot noir. Our food came out so quick despite the wait!! I definitely recommend this place if you are a wine drinker however it's important to note that they have no liquor!!笑
Very nice atmosphere. Casual, with indoor and outdoor seating. Food was very good. We had some bruschetta boards and some panini's. All were delicious. The staff was on top of everything, and very friendly.笑
Great location, great food, great wine and an even better "happy hour" until 5pm every day! 
The reason I list 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the high prices of wine when it's not happy hour :-( $13 per glass is steep for an "average" wine. 
Also, the salads are small for the price. 
We especially enjoyed the appetizers and bruschetta! 
We had great service and enjoyed our evening there. Looking forward to heading back there again.笑
I love Postino! This location is convenient to most all of my friends and I! I LOVE their bruschetta especially the Warm Artichoke Spread, Salmon with Pesto, and the Brie with Apples. I love their Monday and Tuesday Bruschetta  & wine $20 deal after 8pm! TOTALLY WORTH IT! This is an amazing place to go to with co-workers and friends.笑
Good, friendly service like the PHX locations.. The toppings were a tiny bit scarce today compared to normal but that may be due to chef error (hence 4/5 stars). 

Super busy even at 5:45pm today, guess it's post-work time which makes sense. Just shocked since it wasn't the 8oclock yet (when they have their specials on Monday's and Tuesday's-- bottle of wine with a board of 4 diff bruschetta).笑
Went this past weekend and looooved it. Great atmosphere and service. We had our baby daughter there and the staff was so sweet to her as well. We found another lunch spot and love it!笑
This place did not disappoint. I've heard such good things and wanted to try this location since I moved into to Scottsdale Quarter recently. First the staff is beyond friendly and cordial. There are a few places in scottsdale that make you feel like you should thank them. This is not a pretentious environment, despite being in North Scottsdale which in my opinion makes it that much better. I had the smoked salmon and rye. It was $9.50 and just the right amount of food, my friend had the farmers something, eggs and what not. Food was great, price is right and atmosphere was inviting and exciting. I'll be back at least twice month. I look forward to brining guests here as well.笑
The two hosts, Zack and Jenna, were so amiable and helpful and truly made our experience great. The ricotta and date bruschetta was TO DIE FOR, as well. Highly recommend.笑
Giving ANY Postino a two star pains me...but my experience here last weekend, is exactly what happened to me: Pain. I have waited for SO long for Postino to come to Kierland and this location is superb! My bestie and I had opted out of a LBD night and just went on an impromptu hike and didn't want to completely miss out on Postino goodness... We are frequents to Postino Arcadia, IN FACT, its one of my favorite, GO TO and one of the places I recommend to anyone that asks me for a great date place or where to grab the best bruschetta and wine! With that, we braved Postino on a Saturday evening as the desert sun was setting in all of our sweaty goodness, blonde hair up and sunglasses on and just decided to dodge into this new Postino and grab quick bruschetta take out, a maybe a quick glass of wine while we waited and dodge out before anyone may judge us on our less than attractiveness and we caused too much a stir or took too much space up. Already about 600pm on this particular Saturday evening, this new Postino was packed with Scottsdales usual bevy of beautiful people! The atmosphere was lively and upbeat! I particularly loved the open-ness of this new location! The bar opens out to a patio that is larger than any of the other Postino locations and looks out into Kierland Commons for good people watching. Now I had wished we had taken the time, post hike and gone back home and showered and pulled our blonde selves together for a Postinos night out because the vibe was fun, trendy and as Postino's always is: On point. Nonetheless, we were shuffled to the bar by the hostess to place our to-go order with the bartender; She was not overly friendly, but I understand this location has just newly opened and they were also quite slammed; literally there was not one seat open inside or out at the bar. My bestie and I are literally about 5'1 and 5'2 inches tall and weigh NOT much and we asked one server who seemed pretty annoyed with us standing at the bar waiting, where we should stand..he pointed to us to go stand by the door and said, "Well, your kind of in the way here". We apologized to him, but honestly did not know where to go! There was no space at the bar, no space at any of the 'high tops', no space by the door. We just stood behind each other and opted to not have that glass of wine we had wanted to have while awaiting our take out order. 
About twenty minutes later we noticed two  take out bags come out to the bar, a girl from behind the bar asked the bartender who took our order something about the bags and they were suddenly moved over to the side. We figured between the server and the bartender, they wanted us out of their way as soon as possible, so the brown take out bags couldn't be ours! We waited a few more minutes and saw another brown bag come out and the same scenario take place.. ten more minutes go by and the server continued to become more annoyed with our standing beside where he was coming and going from the bar. Finally, we asked about the bag and take out. A female server asked our name and low and behold grabs the first bag that had been sitting there for almost thirty minutes! NO apology. Feeling in the way and sorry we ever had this idea in the first place, we left with our take out. Note to self, call ahead for take out and send one person in and ask the hostess to retrieve it. We get home now with our own wine get our lovely Postino bruschetta out and the Sunshine Dream Salad,  which is one of my very favorite salads. Ta Dah! A few bites in to the salad, however, I knew something was very wrong. I am allergic to several nuts. NOT the cashews that are usually in this salad, but almost every other kind of nut. My mouth was swelling, my face was turning red and I know the signs of what was about to happen. Clearly a nut besides cashew was substituted in my salad; This just became my Saturday night: dealing with heading off a food allergy before I ended up in the hospital. I LOVE Postino! I have had ROTD more than a couple of times in the past few years for how much I love them! As someone with food allergies, I scan a menu back and forth to make sure to take the responsibility of NOT ordering anything remotely near what can make me sick. IF there is a doubt, I discuss with the server. IT's a complete pain to do that at times! I think this Postino location is still great and I think GREAT potential is there once they get though working the kinks out. The other locations are awesome and with this Kierland location and how trendy, the great indoor/outdoor bar and patio area and size of this location, there is NO way it won't be amazing! A little work on customer service is in order and watching food cross contamination or substitution of ingredient ? or order mix ups? if that is what happened in my case with this salad is hugely important! Will I be back? Absolutely! I hope the kinks get worked out fast,as the vibe and menu have made me love Upward Projects and other Postinos locations.笑
We had been to nearly all of the Postino locations, so decided to give this one a try for lunch yesterday.  We came in around 1pm and were immediately seated outside on the nice patio.  We took advantage of the $5 glasses of wine before 5 (rose for me and cabernet for my hubby) and shared a prosciutto and brie sandwich with fig jam - it was the perfect afternoon snack...not too heavy and full of flavor!  Comfortable atmosphere and friendly wait staff too.笑
Love coming here on Monday's or Tuesday nights with friends. Great deals on wine and bruschetta. Food isn't always consistent but worth it when wine is thrown into the mix. I will for sure be back.笑
What's not to love about Postino?  Their food is outstanding, service top-notch, and you can't beat the happy hour deals.  Gone are the days of chicken wing and beer happy hours.  My tastes are more refined now, and Postino fits the bill.  I love the bruschetta board!  Such great variety of flavors, for a great price.笑
I was surprised to see how dingy and small this restaurant is.  The walls are dark, ceiling dark...booths comfortable and dark.  The food would taste better in a nicer atmosphere. The patio is dark and cramped , the bar is cramped. The layout over all is pretty bad. If you are seated inside you see nothing around you. The chairs outside are metal slats which I can't stand.  Now on to the fattening heart clogging food.  Cheese and fatty meats , the bread was way to hard, it crumbled. The panini I ordered came on a focaccia, too thick for the sandwich. Anyway, I don't eat nitrates and fatty foods and carbs so WTF? I may come back and try a salad .....I don't think you'll see many cardiologists coming here.  They do have a roast beef sandwich which is probably less fatty.  I'm willing to blow my diet and risk my life but not for such a small restaurant where, no matter where you are you are in the way of the staff, whom are perfectly nice. The patio is pitch black and has zero charm. The management when my husband complained said 'your in the minority'  What a dick.  We used the app no wait. They do not honor 'no wait'....also they had a few VIP large parties....that is their business I hope the VIPs are loyal because I'm not ....could have been, but yuck...the place is dreary....dark.....the chairs could not be worst, bus station quality.笑
Great food! Small little building that is often very busy. Love the menu though. Staff is all very nice and friendly. Nice environment and good Sunday brunch menu!笑
Joelle WAS amazing! a big table of 8 of us and GOSH we had a great time. Thank you for great service and, as always Postino's THE best food and wine. Always a great time. Will send all the folks here.笑
So happy this location popped up. Best place for bruschetta and wine - which is only $5/glass before 5pm. 
You pick 4 bruschetta choices for $14.50, I got the Brie & Apple w/Fig Spread (my favorite), Prosciutto w/Figs & Mascarpone (2nd favorite), Smoked Salmon w/pesto (3rd favorite) - and always play with my 4th option - which yesterday was Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato. It was delicious so would recommend it and will order it again. 
I think it's a great atmosphere for lunch, happy hour, dinner or a date! It'll be nicer once it cools down outside because they have a big patio but obviously not being used by too many in the summer (or I wouldn't think so anyway - it was open though and they had the misters going). 
I was sitting in one of the booths inside and noticed the wall above the kitchen was paper mache-d with cut out magazine pictures of body parts. Then looked closer and they are picture cut outs from Playboy magazine. So something to keep in mind - I think this is more of an adult place anyway because of the food choices and it being a WINE BAR, but there were several moms in there with their young kids. Weird to me but whatever.笑
I came here after work with a girlfriend to celebrate my birthday on Saturday night. I have been wanting to come check out Postino's since they opened, since I love their other locations so much! I mean they serve basically two of my favorite things, wine and bruschetta! 
Of course their wine and bruschetta boards were amazing, it was the HORRIBLE service we received from the closing indoor waitress that evening. Anytime we wanted anything we ended up having to flag down a server who was leaving (I can't remember his name, but he was wearing a camo button down that evening and he is the reason this is a 2 star review! He saved the day)... The only time we ever saw her again after our initial greeting from her was when she dropped off the check. 
Come on Postino's I expect better service from you guys!笑
It goes Down on a Tuesday! Taylor has been my server three nights in a row! Taylor might be the best addition to the team there. She knows how to recommend a good wine. I love getting hammered笑
I come here a lot. Recently the patio doors opened and it's been gorgeous. Our favorite bartender Stacy hadn't been there for some days but just saw her today. Great smile and always so pleasant. We keep coming back for her and the rest of the bartenders. True Excellence!笑
We took my mom to Postino Kierland for Mother's Day. Perfect spot! Sat on the Patio sipping Bellini's. Amazing food, exceptional service from Zach and crew! An overall great experience. Recommended!笑
The food was great! I can't say the same for the service though. The only good service I received was from the super friendly host, Buster! The rest of the service I received was very poor and lackluster in comparison to the other Postino locations I have been to. My party and I had to ask for drink refills, and our server departed with an Irish goodbye about halfway through.

The soap in the women's bathroom was watered down. That's really gross. I almost wish I had just licked my hands clean.笑
20$ for a bottle of wine and bruschetta plate was amazing!! Bruschetta was big in serving size. It was a great date spot.笑
A solid spot for a lunch or small bites and drinks. The menu is simple and a handful of selections. There are many plates to share and a few sandwich, soup or salad entrees which seem more single person serving. They have a great selection of beet and wine- duh it's a wine bar. 

I had bruschetta where you choose 4 out of about 8-10  options. I had the smoked salmon w pesto, fig cheese and prosciutto, bacon tomato and cheese, and basil tomato and mozzarella. Overall it was good. My favorite was the prosciutto cheese and fig by far. The saltiness of the meat paired well w bit of fig that's just a hint of sweet along with the creaminess of the cheese. The rest were tasty but second best was salmon and pesto. They are served cut in 4 pieces which is great for sharing. I couldn't eat it all so for $15 it is an okay price. Not great value but I guess it's paying for selection. 4/5*

I had a bite of the Italian meats sandwich. They give you choice of bread and chips or salad. The salad was tasty. The sandwich was good bread to meat ratio and the filling had a nice kick. It was mild to med heat that did not linger. 4/5*

I'd come back again. They had a happy hour where a pitcher of beer was $5..yet the pitcher poured just 2.5 glasses.笑
My boyfriend and I came back this afternoon for another great meal at postino. We enjoyed the mozzarella & tomatoes appetizer and a bottle of Neboa. Our server, Reed, absolutely killed it. He created a memorable guest experience and we will definitely be back soon.笑
When I go out to eat, Im there for the food and convenience. I don't pay much attention to the service and don't care if the waiter is in a bad mood. But this dude Stephan was a particularly good waiter, high energy, good vibes kind of guy. He set a good mood for our dinner party and was very helpful. Also the beer selection was good, cheers笑
Absolutly wonderful food and service! The large patio is fantastic! I LOVE POSTINOS!笑
Always a great time.. Has the perfect ambiance for a great date night, as well as a fun friends happy hour. Stunning location with the urban vibe. One of my favorites for sure!笑
$5 wine every day before 5pm! Sign me up. This place has amazing bruschetta and everything on the menu is delicious.笑
$5 wine and beer(mini beer pitchers!!!) before 5pm?! Seriously? How can you possibly go wrong? You can't so don't try. Been frequenting Postino since moving to the valley many moons ago. Great local brew selection and wines by the glass. Any one of their bruschetta is absolutely delicious. They also make a mean grilled cheese.笑
Stopped by here to catch up with an old friend the day after Thanksgiving. It was convenient because it was so close to my parents house. I moved out of AZ 5 years ago so a lot has changed with Kierland, but Postions is a great addition. I've heard mixed reviews from a lot of people, but my experience was great! I started of with a Cabernet and then got another because at $5/glass you really can't go wrong. Then I ordered the half salad and panini combo. I ordered the brussel sprout salad with bacon and some great tasting cheese. I also got the pancetta and brie (I believe it was brie) panini and that was amazing. My friend got himself a pitcher, also $5 and a panini and he was super stoked about it. They have a great patio that you can just hang out on and enjoy the afternoon but watch out for the birds.. Need I say more?笑
Same delicious food and fresh ingredients as the original location. I'd suggest requesting the loft seating for a more private setting. We had a party of 10 and fit comfortably with room for others. They did not accept Discover Card - which limits this from a 5 rating for me. It's my card of choice!笑
Love this place. Hope they can work through the summer heat. Great service great bar tenders awesome wine  always bag to go food. Hot bar tenders笑
I feel like it keeps getting better! I've always been a big fan and I feel like Postino Kierland has all the things I love about Postino and added a little unique touch to this location. GREAT location. For those who haven't been-- the pub board is my personal favorite. Don't forget to pay attention to their specials! You can really get a great deal. We had a good friend's bday celebration there right after they opened. I walked in and found ANOTHER friend meeting with a birthday group, so clearly this is the place to be :) The servers found a way to really make all the guests feel special-- Thanks so much guys! Your new location ROCKS!笑
Went to Postinos today for the very first time.  I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely go back.  My friend and I went at lunchtime around 1pm and we were seated right away inside.  We split the bruschetta platter (so delicious) and also divided a salad and another appetizer.  Of course we had a glass of wine too.  The music was fun and hip and the service was excellent.  We had plenty of questions and our server Jeremiah was outstanding!   He was attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Thank you for a wonderful experience!笑
Great happy hour and patio. Staff is friendly and very attentive. Ask for Jeremiah (server) - he took great care of my party and was very knowledgeable about the menu.笑
This is my favorite new place! Great food and wine. The service is awesome which is hard to come by lately. Awesome deals on wine too! The bruschetta is amazing. Everything I've had here is amazing. Definitely my new favorite spot and I'll be back soon!笑
Carlos, our server, was very friendly and professional. It was nice to sit out on the patio (place was packed for dinner at about 6pm on a Wednesday night). We just ate the food, really good, so I can't comment on the beverage options. Trendy decir and great location (will probably need to park in one of the bigger parking lots).笑
My first visit to postino was a success! Went here with my family today and we all left happy. There was a bit of a wait but not too bad, was glad we waited! 
So I had major trouble deciding what to get. Also $5 wine was tempting but it was only noon and I had stuff to do so I figured that wouldn't be wise! Seriously have to return for wine and bruchetta. There was a good amount of vegetarian options which makes me a happy lady. We were still able to order brunch so I ended up going for that! I got the grilled focaccia. It comes with two eggs, foccacia, asparagus, and a small tomato salad. I thought the portion was a bit small and I was left wanting a little more, but overall satisfied! The only part of it I wasn't a huge fan of was the asparagus, I think I just prefer it prepared a different way, but that's ok. The bread was delicious, I loved the herbed butter and dipping the foccacia in the egg yolk. The tomato salad was yummy too with basil, it was refreshing to eat something cool on a hot day! I think I'll come back for a different meal next time but I really liked it! Also omg the service is like unhumanly fast. Like no wait at all I was very impressed. They deserve more than 5 stars for service alone haha. Look forward to returning!笑
Had always heard great things about their bruschetta, and they were true, they were delicious! 
I also had a 5 bucks Bellini during their happy hour.笑
Came here two nights while on business. Excellent, friendly staff and food was delicious. Recommend the cheese plate as well as the Brussel sprout salad. Highly recommend. Great atmosphere inside and out. Reasonably priced.笑
This is perfect spot to get some drinks and good food. We were seated near the kitchen and was able to see the food being prepared. What was amazing was that all the employees looked so happy working there. You can tell they were a team. The food is amazing; the bruschetta mixed and match is perfect for sharing. I will be returning again.笑
Just finally ate at the keirland location after so many years at the Arcadia one. So glad it's so much closer to our home. Burrata & bacon bruschetta was still our favorite. Can't beat their wine list & prices. Recommend also the potato leek soup, French toast & B..E.L.T. on focaccia (skip the too bready ciabatta). Bobby G. was also one of the best servers we have ever had: attentive, quick & friendly. He definitely made it one of our best brunch dining experiences & that's hard to put a value one. Likely to come here regularly then trek all the way to Arcadia or downtown Phoenix笑
Had the exact same thing I had last time, and I've got to say that it was quite good.  Meat still dry, but overall, was much better.  We also got the butchers board; I do highly recommend this.  Much better than the board next door at North.  Kudos all.笑
A few friends and I stopped at Postino's for dinner last night.  We were pleasantly surprised to find a wine and bruschetta special for $20 (Mondays and Tuesdays after 8 pm).  When we couldn't decide on a wine, our server, Candice was kind enough to bring us a tasting of three different wines, great customer service!  With the bruschetta, we opted for the Brie and Apples (always tasty), Prosciutto and Fig (tasty but sweet), Artichoke Spread, and  Burrata and Bacon (my least favorite) options.  We also ordered the Butcher's Block which made a very nice presentation.  Plenty of food for three people and we sat outside on the patio enjoying the misters and the ambience.  Overall, the food was good, the price was reasonable, and our server, Candice, exceeded our expectations.笑
Not very impressive. Arrived with my wife for lunch. No one at host stand, waited for 10 minutes in 100 degrees, and decided to sit down at one of the many empty tables. A very unhappy looking lady instantly appeared and asked us what we were doing. We explained that there was no host so we decided we should sit down. Someone who I would guess to be a manager appears and tells we can`t sit there because the table was booked. What a joke the place was half empty. Tells us that they were backed up, and we would have to wait for a table. WTF, half the tables were empty. We walked outside to discuss while they thought about which empty table to put us at. My wife had been there a few times before and really liked the place, and said the customer service was not usually so bad so we decided to give it another try. Went back in and after about 10 minutes the manager guy comes back over and says he has a table for us, adding under his breath "I thought you left" Well if we had any sense we would have done. Got to table ordered food and drinks. Service was painfully slow. Took about 40 minutes to get the food. Other people around us got theirs before us. Maybe we were being punished for sitting down without permission. Food was pretty good. Had Bruschetta and Panini. 

Warning Postino you might be trendy, and fashionable now, but if your staff act with this level of arrogance and indifference toward customers you will go the way of many others that have disappeared from the Phoenix  culinary scene.笑
Wow. What a beautiful restaurant! An open patio that allows you to feel almost ABOVE Kierland... Along with an intimate upstairs dining area that can fit both small groups or large parties! The bar is somewhat of the focal point in the restaurant, with both inside and outside seating. Beautiful flowers are changed weekly, and the large marquee above the bar makes for an awesome, homely ambience.

The menu is small, but with good reason. THEY DO NOT SERVE HARD LIQUOR! NOR DO THEY NEED TO! It's a Wine Cafe, so beer and wine are the focal point. Amazing small batch wines, that you honestly can't find in any store, flood the walls, cabinets, nooks, and crannies all around diners. It's a true wine lover's paradise. Prices are affordable and the Happy Hour is literally unmatched. EVERYTHING IS $5.00 all day everyday, from open til 5 PM. I'm an avid "Happy Hour-er" around Kierland/Quarter area, and this is one of the better options if you aren't looking to spend too much!

The food is a compliment to the drinks. Not a huge, coursed, lobster and filet type of menu... But a fun, shareable plates, sandwiches, cutlery boards, etc type of menu. Bruschetta reigns supreme. The smoked salmon, artichoke, red pepper and goat cheese... Ah man, phenomenal.

ON MONDAYS AND TUESDAYS! READ THIS! Monday's and Tuesday's after 8 PM you can do the "Board and Bottle" special. $20.00 gets you ANY house bottle of wine, and a full board of bruschetta. This special definitely brings in quite the crowd! So come early!

Reservations are not accepted, unless you have a group of 8 or more. Business has definitely been booming as of late, so expect a wait on the weekends, sometimes during busy lunches, and almost always for their spectacular brunch on Saturday's and Sunday's.

Overall, a great concept, with excellent prices, and a staff that is rivaled to none. Watch the servers and bartenders around you... No one ever stops moving! Their FITBITS can't even register fast enough. 

Nice work, Postino Kierland. *Claps*笑
I have been to every Postino location in Arizona and I have to say Kierland is my absolute favorite out of them all. The patio and music are awesome, and Katherine the manager is the sweetest. Highly recommend trying this place out. :)笑
One of our fav places and we are so happy the Kierland location is open! Such a fun vibe, great wine, and great food. I am gluten free and love the GF bruschetta. I was so impressed that the servers inquired if it was a life choice or an allergy. When told it was an allergy, they took extra care to prepare it in a different area of the kitchen, serve it on a different plate, and ensure that it was safe to eat. I cannot even explain how much I appreciate that! We will be back!笑
I love this place. I live out of state but every time I'm in town I have to make a trip here! First of all $5 wine before 5pm, need I say more??? You can get bellinis and mimosas for $5 always too. I love love love the bruschettas. They are rather large, you may want to share. With the bruschetta you get to choose up to 4. My favorite is the bacon arugula buratta, it's amazing. Plan ahead and know that you will most likely have a wait, but it's worth it! I wish they had some locations in IL!笑
WOW!!! There should be 6+ stars for this outstanding restaurant. We have been HUGE fans of the Postino Restaurants since the first one opened over a decade ago in Arcadia. The high style achieved in that old post office with the overhead doors has carried over in spades to Kierland Commons. It is such a fun space, then you top it off with a wonderful staff where everyone seems to be having a great time, almost as much as we did! 

But then there's the food!! Simply delicious!! Simple, carefully prepared food that reflects the love of the kitchen staff. It shows. My wife had a bowl of the Soup of the Moment and Brussels Sprouts Salad to die for. 

I had a tough time deciding but settled on the mundane Roast Beef sandwich. Not mundane at all, but extraordinary! Our waiter said I would dream about it and I may have. 

Then there's the wine and beer. I had a pitcher of the excellent Victory Pilsner from Pennsylvania while my wife savored a stunning Honoro Vera Rose from Spain. We took a bottle with us and I found a source at our home ion San Diego. 

You feel the love in Postino! The only regret, as I've said for over 10 years is there isn't one in San Diego!! Curses!!笑
I love Postino and visit the Central location almost weekly.  The food and service here is on par with the other locations.  The crowd is considerably older than the other Postinos; as other reviews have mentioned it appears to be a location very suited for a 55s up demographic.  Probably one of the reasons the walls are decorated with nude pictures from Playboy....everything old is new again?笑
What a delightful setting, great value for Happy Hour wine and such a friendly and attentive wait staff.  This was our first visit but the staff made it a wonderful experience.  Since they have the philosophy that all servers assist all customers, we never had to wait to order or reorder.  If you arrive for their happy hour - until 5:00, wine is only $5.00 with a wonderful selection.  We will be back!笑
We love coming here for Brunch. They have incredible tasty gluten free bread for their bruschetta. Their toppings are delicious all of them. My husband loves their French Toast and gets it every time. Great location in Kierland. The staff is great. They mixed up my order and there was a small wait so they took off the whole order. Cannot beat that!! We are regulars now笑
Taylor gave impeccable service and has an award winning personality. I really enjoyed the ambiance and cool music. The rest of the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly.笑
Postino is never a disappointment no matter which location you go to. This time I tried their newest one at Kierland Commons and the setting was just perfect. The wait was about 45 minutes to an hour so we opted to sit at the bar which was a lot of fun. We ordered the bruschetta board with a bottle of rose from Spain since it was their Tuesday night special for $20! 

Each bruschetta is seriously better than the next. I have listed all the flavors in  my picture and I can't even pick a favorite, because they're all so good. For the amount of food and alcohol, the price is incredible! The service is also top notch and super friendly.

 It's a great place to catch up with a friend, go on a date or even celebrate a special occasion!笑
Postinos, all locations, are in my top 5 favorites in the Valley. I generally go here for Happy Hour, as they have $5 wines until 5pm, but tonight for dinner was just as perfect. We ordered the Mixed greens salad with organic chicken added $13 and bruschetta- seasonal (mushroom with marscapone and basil), apple and Brie, tomato with mozzarella and burrata with bacon and tomato $14. All were incredible and would order again. Always sit outside!笑
This is a nice restaurant with a great outdoor seating area, but for a place thats advertised as a wine bar they have a very basic selection and the menu doesn't provide enough information.  It'd be nice to see a more specific AVA listed instead of just "California."笑
I only come to see Taylor once a week. She is attentive and knows what I like. Her choice of wine is always spot on. Her personality is an asset and contributes to Postinos. I will continue to visit this location as long as she's here笑
I'll give this place 2 stars because they do have good wine choices, which I experienced from a prior visit.  However, if you don't have customer service, you will not last, at least in this location.  We came here and there were some empty tables, but they were making people wait up to 45 minutes because 'they were backed up'.  When I asked what that meant they really couldn't explain.  I even talked to the manager, and she had no problem making people wait for a table, instead of letting them sit at a table available.  We offered (as did others I talked to) to order our wine at the bar just so we could sit at a table, so that a waiter would not have to wait on us (if the problem was not enough servers), but they wouldn't even let us do that.  Seems this place cares more about 'looking crowded' and having a long wait list than making people feel welcome.  They act like they are doing you a favor to be here!笑
I went here for dinner/happy hour with friends and loved it. The food and drink selection were great. The thing that will bring me back however, is the customer service. Our server spilled a drink on accident resulting in half of our party being wet. We were servers in college so understand it happens. When we got our bill, they took off the drink and two bruschetta boards without any ask. We will return!笑
Went here for an early lunch a couple of weeks ago. I have seen in other reviews that this place is usually very busy. But hubby and I got a table within 10 minutes thanks to the host, Buster. Our server was Stacy and she was very attentive. On top of it all, the vegetarian panini is AMAZING!!!!!!!!

I will definitely be back.笑
This was absolutely delicious! Tried the Riesling and bruschetta.  $5 drinks before 5pm.  Great deal!  You can pick 4 bruschetta flavors for $15.  It was plenty for two people to share for a whole meal! Salmon and pesto was delicious, my friend said because I don't eat fish.  Artichoke spread was creamy and yummy!  Bacon, arugula, cheese was absolutely excellent!  The best by far was the Brie, apple, fig!!!!! Scrumptious!!! I would definitely return!!!笑
This establishment receives 5 stars for a lunch venue for the filling reasons Relatively inexpensive, good food and excellent service 

I ordered the turkey salad and turkey sandwich.  The ciabattas bread was so fresh and the crunch on the crust was great.   The tomato was sliced thick enough that you could actually taste the yumminess of it. 

The salad was presented well. I love the slivers of pear, although there could have been a little more   

The server, Bobby, was efficient and friendly.笑
I prefer the Phoenix location.  The bruschetta was average ...atmosphere was not pleasant.笑
Postino does it again with this (newish) Kierland location!

I sat outside on the patio this evening to celebrate a friend's birthday... There were 4 of us and we enjoyed wine, salad and bruschetta.  All delicious!

My favorite bruschetta selections are the brie with apple, prosciutto fig, salami pesto, and artichoke spread.  All of these pair perfectly with the mixed green salad and Pinot Noir.  Trust me!

This location offers the same friendly vibe and casual, comfortable, trendy atmosphere that the others do... I live closer to the Arcadia, Safari Drive and Downtown Phoenix locations, so I'll continue to go to those more often, but there's nothing wrong with adding this one to the mix.  

Whether you're meeting friends, going on a date, or dining solo, you can't go wrong with Postino!笑
I hate giving a one star to restaurants because of service but this was horrible. Postino is one of my favorite spots and original location in Arcadia is great and it doesn't matter how busy they get the service is always top notch. I was so exited about Kierland location because is just few minutes from my home but I rather drive to Arcadia. 
             Postino is great place but they have to hire better people who care and they don't think that they are above their job. 
             6 of us came on Tuesday night and I understand that they are busy
      But the attitude is just unacceptable we have to flag our server all night
   And then wen we finally called the manager instead of her taking care of it
She was even worse....attitude, entitlement ...bad...bad ....bad.
        Postino sorry for one star but you should take a look in to it. I hope that you will hire better people.........!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
Love the food but not sure it's worth the 35 min wait on the weekends. Surprised this location is so small笑
Fallana is the best hostess!!! She was very accommodating and friendly.  We love Postino!笑
Huge shoutout to Michael Storms for making my birthday so special. I was supposed to go to postinos for my Birthday but I was super sick!  Michael brought me food even though it was out of their delivery zone complete with coupons and a birthday card!  Talk about going the extra mile!!!!笑
Delighted to have this Postino's in the neighborhood!! I know that when we go to any Postino's it's going to be a fun, relaxed, delicious wine kinda time.  And that's exactly what the Kierland location delivered!! 

I feel as though it had good energy & good vibes!
from the moment we walked in the hostess was warm & friendly.  As soon as we were seated a server named Monika came over and was more than happy to help me pick a glass of wine.  

I was able to Sample a few that she recommended
Couroulu  $11
Syrah-Merlot | 2012 | France 

Alba  $10
Cabernet Sauvignon | 2013 | Chile

Biutiful  $10
Sparkling Rose | NV | Spain
I HAD TO TRY THIS JUST BECAUSE OF THE NAME.  And I'm glad I did ! It was so delicious 

I ended up picking the Alba Cabernet very smooth and paired well with my meal which was the Butchers block. 

Butcher's Block  $14.50
An assortment of artisan meats and cheeses served with asparagus, hummus, olives, nuts and crosti

Their food is constantly good ! Never had a bad experience at any of the locations. Kierland was no exception.  Everything was top notch!! 

Their artisan meats & cheeses are of high quality 
 and so is the customer service.  

Ryan & Monica were fantastic.  They made sure our glasses were not running low & our food was to our liking.  

The lighting is very dim to set a nice tone and the music was light & hip.

Very reasonable prices on all items ranging from $6.75 -$14.50.    kids meals are only $5 !! 

Happy hour $5 glasses and pitchers of beer from open till 5pm

We will most definitely be back & we wish them the best !!  

Cheers & enjoy !!笑
Always fantastic!  Known for the bruschetta  board- all selections fantastic.  We have never been disappointed!笑
I am a regular here and I love how it's dog friendly! I always get their Salmon Bruschetta and as far as pricing goes, it isn't too bad. Just don't be confused if other severs comes to your table- they all share tips & it's more of a team work on their end. Awesome spot overall!笑
Had an awesome time with friends at this Postino! Patio area was super cool. Food was impressively yummy and of course the interesting wines were delicious! My buddy enjoyed the great beer selection too. Great place for hanging out with friends!!笑
By far the best Mother's Day !! Evan took such good care of us, we didn't know where to go or what to do but we were hungry. Evan helped us pick out the perfect wine & bruschetta , thank you for making a boring day the perfect Mother's Day!笑
Postinos offers $5 glasses of wine during lunch. There NYC Grilled cheese with the trio of dipping sauces is awesome for about $7.00.

The bar staff are good and knowledgeable about the wine list. I have no complaints, as my time here has always enjoyable.

#vino2ultimate #vinosquared笑
Great place to grab a light dinner, a glass of wine, or a frosty beer. Not a long time to wait on a busy night which is nice, good wine selection and beer as well. Wouldn't recommend as a dinner date place but rather an awesome place to go before a movie or a late afternoon hang out. Will be visiting there again. Nice job Postino.笑
Great new location!! This locations lay out is a little more spacious than some of their other locations around the Valley. I very much enjoyed the nice large patio. 

I went and met up with a few friends here last week. (Shout out to Tim B. & Natalie G.) Natalie got us a nice little table outside by the fire. We were there for the Bottle of Wine and a Board of Bruschetta special (Monday's and Tuesdays after 8pm.) Our very charming server Ryan offered us some samples while we waited for the 8 o'clock special to roll around. We went through about 5 or so samples. Finally landing on 2 bottles of Red wines. One of them being the Espiritu Malbec. The other escapes my memory. Both were very smooth and velvety, pared with our boards of bruschetta and our Chocolate Bouchon with vanilla bean ice cream. We had just about every kind of Bruschetta besides the Salami with Pesto and the White Bean with Chopped Tomato. The seasonal was a mushroom Bruschetta that I wish they had all year round. 

Some how we ended up with a 3rd free board of Bruschetta. We did not complain. Ryan was a delight. He kept us fully entertained, he knew his wines, and he was very patient with us when need be. 

I recommend giving this location a try. Its very beautiful and has a bit of a different feel and vibe than the other 2 locations I have been to. A bit more classy and cute. But still has all the things you enjoy about Postino. And of course ask for Ryan if you can.笑
Love this place, prosciutto and brie sandwich, yes please !!笑
Holden is the best server I have ever had at ANY location I have been to. He was extremely attentive to our table and very  friendly. Our food was perfect and he really took the time to make sure everything was perfect! I have always loved this place but will DEFINITELY  come back to see this specific server! Thank you so much Holden.笑
The food and service are both GREAT...Tom was our server(handsome with a beard)...charming..patient...made us feel special...ambience is great- very trendy...nice patio...Panininis are incredible( we had the prociutto-brie and nine iron)the only thing is the music is SO loud...you can barely hear the person sitting next to you笑
Postinos = perfection. This place is where my girl friends and I usually end up for our nights out. We love gnoshing on the bruschetta and sipping wine while we catch up on each other's lives. I always recommend this place to friends and out of towners!笑
Gorgeous restaurant and delicious food! The only reason for the -1 star is because the service wasn't great. Our waitress was totally sweet, but our appetizer order was forgotten, then we received our main meal with the wrong sides. I also found it so weird that there was no uniform for the staff, so we couldn't tell who the waiters/waitresses were if we needed help when we couldn't find our server. The bruschetta is so unreal great. I got the salmon (next time I'll skip the capers), apples, spinach & artichoke, and tomato and basil (?). The portion was enough for me to take some for breakfast the next morning. I'll definitely come back, and hopefully the bad service was just a product of an off-night.笑
Another great time at Postino's!! Always a great place to meet friends for wine and a delicious nibble!! Today we enjoyed a $5 glass of wine with an Amazing salad!! We had the Tuna Salad and it was fantastic! Another wonderful time!!笑
Seemed like a nice place although I was just there for drinks.  Great location and great place to stop in.  Maybe I'll get a bite to eat next time.笑
Great service and great food! The salad was amazing with the champagne dressing. Their list of wines was impressive. I loved their prosciutto bruschetta! Great atmosphere and fun outdoor patio.笑
I am not sure why I am not more of a regular at Postino's. They are great looking spaces with great food and drink selections and a well trained service staff.
Today was my first visit to Kierland and all is well with this well managed chain. I like this outlet because it was running the way I imagine Les imagined how it would operate from the get go. Our vantage from our comfy patio table was just good enough, and well appointed
Food and beverages were on point so as designed just about perfect.笑
What a great experience, this was a first for me and my group of friends. The food was great, the wine and the entire atmosphere. Our server was amazing she was busy but made sure to take great care of us thank you Tay Fish. We will be returning customers and tell all our friends for the amazing food and excellent excellent service.笑
Went for the first time today. Great $5 glass wine specials. We got a bruschetta board which was amazing. 4 large slices of bread and you can select from a long list of topping options. We did artichoke, salmon, burrata and bacon and the pepper jelly with goat cheese. That one was my favorite. I also had the BEST salad-- Brussels sprout salad. I will be back for that. So yummy and a tangy lemon dressing that was so good. My daughter had a great kids meal too. I love this place and want to go back for board night where you get a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board for only $20. Service was great too!笑
II had the bruschetta, one of each flavor. All were delicious but the mascarpone/fig/prociutto was out of this world.  I don't even like figs and this converted me.  Wonderful!笑
Have only been here twice but both times were date nights with the husband and both times we enjoyed the food and atmosphere a lot. People watching here is fun too ;) I had gone to the other locations before and wasn't sure what to expect with it being at Kierland but it has the same delicious food and good ambience and overall is just as great as the others. Love the John Lennon quote over the bar too!笑
I had lunch here today and am so happy there is one nearer to me!  I love this place and it never fails to impress.   The staff was great, food was delightful, and the outdoor area was perfect for the weather. 
We had a few bruschetta flights and the server, Joelle, suggested a Malbec which was great.  She was very attentive to our needs and made it an overall stellar experience. 
I will definitely come back!  And am so happy I do not have to traverse to Tempe or Phoenix for my fix!笑
Wow this place is busy-Planned a little dinner with friends at 6pm. Got there at 5:30 to put our name in (since they don't take reservations) and the wait was still 1- 1.5hrs. Went to shop around while we waited for our table. Only ended up being about an hour wait. Pretty much the same menu as the other locations. Bruschetta is still amazing and also tried the mozzarella and tomatoes, tuna panini, raspberry chicken salad...olives....pretty consistent with the Arcadia location. Good little snacking with lots of wine of course! It was still really busy after we left around 8:30pm. I would only say I'm not a huge fan of the decor inside. It definitely has a different vibe from the Arcadia location. It's also very very loud with the high ceilings and the tables near the bar on the inside are all on top of each other so you feel like someone is going to bump into you. It looks more comfortable outside although it's a pretty small space so it probably just felt like that because they were so busy because they haven't been open very long.  Will be back for more bruschetta for sure!!笑
Very upset about having my event here. When reservations were made we noted 25 people which we were told would cater a party comfortably. However there was very little wiggle room to socialize. I offered some suggestions to accommodate our party should tables open up in the patio area or downstairs in a corner to offer more space (even though they should have had the foresight to). The night manager was very rude accusing us of "stressing out" the waitress. She was not open or receptive to any ideas. As of now there is plenty of openings in the patio area yet no attention to our party to provide a more comfortable atmosphere. Not our waitress, but the other waitresses that helped bring up our food gave us attitude and was obvious about rolling her eyes at us.  We've had to ask for service more than a couple times as it seemed they cut us off, if you will, after the interaction. Our company has many events and we will NEVER come here or recommend this place again.笑
Monday nights are their bruschetta board (choose 4) and a bottle of wine (any bottle off their wine list) for $20! What a deal! Not a long wait and they let us start our bottle at the bar. Tried the salmon/pesto, prosciutto/fig, bacon/arugula and caprese. The salmon/pesto was heavenly! Great service, low key vibe.笑
$5 happy hour for a glass of wine or a mini picture of beer until 5! I really enjoyed the Cab.

This is just a relaxing place to hang out on the patio. We got the Butchers Block which had a great selection of olives, hummus, goat cheese, nuts, and meats...we also got bruschetta which was sliced into four slices each which was really convenient. They were all very delicious but I would say my favorites were the Brie and apple and definitely the star of the show was the pesto and salmon one... I could've had like four of those!笑
Everyone knows the bruschetta and wine are good at Postino. But sometimes you just wanna sit around and sip beer in a casual and nice atmosphere. The parking at Kierland in general can be a little annoying and sparse but if you are in the area, the $5 pitchers of beer is a great deal. Of course I would go back, I always do :)笑
My review is not on the food, food is amazing!  It is the fact that I have been to this Postino's several times, and each time the staff is rude.  The past 2 times I went there was hair in our Bruschetta.  We basically got a "I am sorry"  and that is it.  You would think that they would offer you a discount or something.  The Postino in Arcadia is so much nicer and the staff is great.  I wish I lived closer to that one.笑
Slowly making my way to all the Postino locations. I absolutely love this location! There was a pretty decent wait for a Wednesday night, but we had no complaints as we grabbed a couple of drinks while we waited! The patio is amazing and spacious. The food....amazing as usual. Great job Postino, you did it again :)笑
It was Mother's Day but it wasn't that busy at 9:00 a.m.
We were over run by a team of  young men when we got there but once we got our food they magically disappeared.  I asked for a little more cream cheese and asked 3 people before it came.  Also had to flag someone down to get a coffee refill.  
Nice they gave us a coupon for a free entree on our next visit, which won't be anytime soon.笑
Love that they have a happy hour over the lunch hour totally cool 
The bruschetta is great but there isn't a ton of variety other than that 
Make sure you go early their lunch is busy. Good lunch spot nice servers wouldn't do dinner personally. I get too hungry for that.笑
Waited 50 minutes for a table for two people:
Pros:
They text you when your table is ready
Cons:
We go up to be seated and have to wait 5-6 more minutes for them to clean off our table.  If you're texting me then it should be ready.
Food:
Small-ish omelette, ordered with Chorizo, jack, and spinach... lots of chorizo almost no cheese.  Rye toast looks like white bread with seeds.  Pancake, light fairly tasty but arrived cold and they literally give you the smallest cup with syrup and it's only half full at best.  
Biggest cons:
Watered down coffee. 
Night club decibel music of the 90s party variety.笑
The bruschetta is amazing and the wine selection is always great.  It's always busy, but worth the wait.笑
We went for brunch and it was pretty bad. All four of us ordered something different and none of us liked our meal. Not sure if they're trying to be too trendy with the brunch crowd, but perhaps this place should stick to bruschetta and wine.