Plant based fantastic, loved the Coconut Ceviche & Habibi salad! Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere, was definitely above my expectations!笑
Pricey. The salad wasn't good. The other plates we ordered were ok but small. I left hungry. I expected much more from Planta.笑
Great food, service and reasonably priced.
This is David Lee's new entry to the Toronto dining scene and has he ever hit the mark especially with Vegan diners. Creative menu and well executed.笑
The decor is luxe and the service is solid (dem baseball shirts tho), but ultimately Planta offers just okay and often gimmicky food at a very steep price. 

We started with the cauliflower tots, which were pretty tasty but SUCH a tiny portion to share for around $10. Watermelon poke ($13.25) was nice, but mostly just tastes like watermelon soaked in soy sauce. Not worth it. Fried kimchi dumplings ($10.25) were just that, I guess this would be more interesting to someone who doesn't eat kimchi regularly. The carrot dog ($17.25) was bullshit. We got it just to find out if it was a joke or actually good. It is literally carrots in hot dog buns, and all you taste is the pickle. Such an expensive joke. Habibi salad ($17.25) was good, probably the best dish we had but not quite worth going back for. Nice textures and flavors that worked well together. We split a chocolate terrarium to finish it off, which was good but not that interesting. Drink-wise, I had the tequila juice drink. Weak, I kind of wanted to ask if they had even remembered to add the shot. 

Overall, I'm glad we went just to get past all the hype. Food was generally decent, but not even close to the quality or creativity level I'd expect for what they're charging.笑
What a great place!

From the outside it looks like a regular restaurant but you will be surprised  when you step inside. The place has a beautiful decor and great, friendly staff! 
The food is very creative and innovative. It really tastes delicious. I am inspired by how many original vegan dishes are offered at Planta!

I will definitely come back.笑
First vegan restaurant experience in Toronto and they have set the bar high! The decor is tasteful and classy with rose gold accents, white walls, nature-esque wallpaper with green indoor plants everywhere to go with the meatless theme. There are also two hammocks you can sit on at the entrance with your friends to take pictures for the insta. The food here is obviously delicious. Most notably the watermelon poke, avocado lime cheesecake and young coconut Thai. I thought the watermelon poke came with raw fish like other poke bowls I've tried but then I realized they substituted the fish with watermelon cause duhhh vegan! Stupid me. I don't know if the watermelon poke was worth it at $13.25 a pop with literally 6 cubes of watermelon in there but I loved it anyways. The citrus soya complimented the greens and watermelon so well. 

The avocado lime cheesecake was innovative as I've never tried avo in cheesecake form before. The cream cheese kinda overpowered the avo and same with the lime but the medley is lovely regardless as sweet and sour desserts is my jam. 

The young coconut Thai was really aesthetically pleasing because it was presented in a bed of ice and in half a coconut with toasted almond slivers on the side. 

I will be back!笑
While visiting Toronto for the first time, my boyfriend and I were so stoked that there were so many vegan options in the area. When we woke up on Sunday morning, we wanted brunch! We found Planta on Yelp and as it was only a 5-10 minute walk from the Park Hyatt, we were on our way! We weren't disappointed at all! The Chicken-fried Mushrooms were so crispy and buttery it was heaven literally. We also had the Planta burger and the banana pancakes and everything was so delicious! I wish we lived in Toronto just so we could come to Planta! My favorite vegan restaurant ever!cannot wait to come back again笑
Great vegetarian restaurant in the heart of Bay/Bloor/Yorkville area. Just a few steps north of Gap store. This little gem is very cute and the menu is excellent. So much to choose from and the drinks are interesting as well.

We ordered the fried mushrooms which is to mimic fried chicken. And boy I must say it really did. What a party in my mouth with all these different veggie flavors. They really make eating vegetables fun and tasty. I snapped a photo of everything I ate because all the dishes were so wonderful and colorful.

I'm not even vegetarian but this place really caters to those who don't eat meat. Nothing is made of meat or animal by products. Everything is 100% vegetarian and the menu is like tapas style where you can order and share everything. 

Like I said... I'm not vegetarian but after eating here and experiencing what eating a full veggie lunch looks like, I must say this place won me over. I would totally eat here again if I'm ever downtown. Parking can be tricky just to eat here though. It is just more convenient for those who walk and work in the area. Otherwise be prepared to pay $20 parking just to eat here. 

Cheers!笑
Update:
They've removed the bourbon sour from the menu but you can still request it.

Now the kimchi dumplings are spring rolls and they just aren't as good. At $11 definitely not worth the 2 small spring rolls that you get. 

The kale caesar was disappointing, creamy, but bland. The search continues. The best vegan caesar I've found in Toronto is oddly at an Indian restaurant on St. Clair West, that isn't even a vegan restaurant. So random.

Still can't bring myself to try the carrot dogs for $18. Its two carrots in a bun! Other people must love it because its still on the menu!

At this price point, I just want better food. Unless I'm paying for the decor and vibe, which is admittedly great. I recommend this place for drinks and apps/lighter fare only.笑
I celebrated my birthday here back in April. Made reservations in advance. Planta is in the heart of Yorkville, very nice area. 
Most vegan restaurants are gluten free also, i.e. Rawlicious, Live. But not this one, which is what makes it so great, although you can request the pizza on GF dough. 
I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious the pizza was. It's been a while, but I ordered some mushroom one and was different and very delish. I believe everyone that came enjoyed the food and we had a great time. So far, this has been the best vegan/veg restaurant that I have been to, but with the variety, it didn't even feel like I was missing the animal protein.笑
I find it hilarious people say this place is overpriced then in their next line explain they are a student. Guess what broke students: Planta is not for you, nor is it trying to cater to you. Planta is a high end vegan restaurant. Do not spend your OSAP money here.

Does this model work? Of course it does, hence why it's impossible to get a table without a reservation on a Fri or Sat.

I thought the food, service and atmosphere were five stars. I could have done without hearing Arcade Fire during my meal but I can forgive because the Cauliflower tots were NEXT LEVEL. I didn't save room for dessert but I will return this week and take on a chocolate terrarium. 

Planta reminded me of Crossroads in Los Angeles; high end vegan small plates. Another restaurant I absolutely love. I am so happy we finally have a similar place in Toronto.笑
Amazingly creative vegan hot spot!! The space is very hip and each and every dish we ordered was really delicious!! I highly recommend trying it whether you're a vegan or a carnivore!! It will not disappoint!笑
Best vegan restaurant in town! Tried the burger and Moroccan salad. Tasted like heaven.笑
Is a meal at Planta pricier than any other vegan meal you've had? Probably. But is it an excellent option if you don't eat meat and going out somewhere "fancy" with people often means ordering the lone risotto at a nice resto? Absolutely!

There were some hits and misses with the food, but it was overall a great (and great-looking) place to celebrate. Portions are large. We were so stuffed by the end of our giant 2-hour lunch that we couldn't get to dessert, but they were happy to let us linger and finish our wine.

Notes:
+ Peas & Rice ($6.35): this side was excellent (and sadly seems to have rotated off the menu at the time of writing). Its simple name belies the savoury mix of red beans, pimento, pumpkin and coconut milk that makes it up.
+ Pizza ($17): tried some of a daily special with greens - if it's any indication of the other pizzas I'll happily get another one on my next visit.
± Planta Burger ($18.90): the concept of a $20 veggie burger may be a little hard to stomach, but that aside, it's pretty good. It will fall apart though, and was a bit dry - use the tomatillo ketchup. Spiced fries on the side were DELISH!!!
± Steamed Broccoli ($6.35): Good. It's broccoli.
± Curry Hot Pot ($18.25): I was expecting something heartier and thicker - it was still tasty although not super exciting, so I'd try something else next time.
- Chicken Fried Mushrooms ($6.35): tasty but only when they just hit the table - they very quickly become greasy and limp, so get to them fast if you're going to order these.
- Fried Kimchi Dumplings ($10.25): hard pass. Sounded great in theory but they were pretty much just over-fried dumpling wrappers without filling, which seems to be the norm judging by some other reviews below.
+ It's so pretty here.笑
Despite being a lover of meat, during my visit to this vegetarian restaurant I did not miss it once. The space is light and airy, the drinks (which use cold pressed juice) were great, and the food was fantastic. Reasonably priced and really different - I had never tried a carrot hot dog before and was blown away by how like the real thing it was! The watermelon poke and cauliflower tots were other winners. Interesting food and nice atmosphere, I'd recommend it.笑
Had dinner for the first time yesterday and loved it. The food was delicious, good sized portions, service was great. Will be going back!笑
What a treat it is to go to a restaurant and not be limited!! Went here to celebrate a birthday.  It is nice and spacious and has some serious mood lighting going on. Our group ordered separate apps and share a few main. I highly recommend the coconut ceviche! So fresh and it's got a bit of crunch thanks to the corn nuts. We also had the comfort food cauliflower tots - tasty! The third app was the Caesar salad - this one did not wow me - super salty for my low salt palate... For the main course? The Italian job - yum! And e lettuce wrap - love those fried oyster mushrooms! Will be back!笑
Full disclosure: This is not an attack on David Lee's beautifully designed restaurant and creatively-imagined food, it is a call for the chef to make improvements. I am SO happy that Toronto now has a fully plant-based fine dining institution, but there is a lot of room to make the food at Planta better. 

So you'd think that a vegan with a big appetite and a strong inclination towards all-vegan restaurants (read: don't have to annoy waiters with a thousand questions) would have a positive bias towards Toronto's finest vegan eatery. However, my taste buds were sufficiently disappointed. 

Not because the food was inedible or atrocious, but because it wasn't spectacular. David Lee is the chef, for christ's sake! If you've been to Nota Bene you'll know why my expectations were so high. 

At Planta, the carrot hot dog tasted like I was drinking a bottle of liquid smoke, the kale ceasar was underdressed (and over-mushroomed), and the dessert was mushy and boring. I was only impressed with the truffle fries and habibi salad. 

I'm sad to be writing a disheartening review about a restaurant that supports a plant-based diet, but I also realllllyyy like good food and want Planta to make improvements.

I will certainly be back, but it is not first on my list.笑
Whatever your views are on Vegan, forget about them!

Many people have got a limited scope of what vegan cuisine is all about. I certainly fall in that category as one who loves haute-cuisine. While I generally restrict my diet to poultry and fish, I had been a vegetarian before so had an open mind from the get-go.

Let's start with the space and management staff:
We were nicely greeted and confirmed our reservation (a must-do). They placed us near the back so we were out of the cold from the from door opening regularly. We noticed a modern DJ station and before we knew it, there was really nice "Chill" music being piped in throughout. 

The seating and arrangements were just great. Comfortable chairs and tables, while not being crowded. Very tall ceilings made for an even more "breathable" space, if that is a concern for those who don't like cramped quarter.

The wait staff was incredible. Not pushy and very well informed about the dishes - something you need when maneuvering a different "food landscape".

Let's talk about the food:
We were with friends so we decided to order a bunch of dishes and share them. I HIGHLY recommend this so you can get a real sampling of the different tastes for your palate. 

Our dishes:
Beets and Grapefruit
So many different layers of taste and incredibly light.

Truffle Fries
Don't think twice - ORDER THESE and depending on the size of your party, consider multiple orders.

The Bianca Pizza
Cauliflower, potatoes, capers, caramelized onions, olives, rosemary chili oil. Very tasty although the crust edges were a tad larger than they should have been. the rest was pretty yummy and NOT soggy.

Truffle Macaroni 
Cauliflower & parmesan truffle cream macaroni. Rich and creamy. The macaroni could have been more "al dente" but still very passable.

The Harvest Salada
consisting of brown rice, caramelized squash, chickpeas, roasted pears, cranberries, napa cabbage, pecans, balsamic dressing. Very light and very super fresh. Highly recommended.

The Fried Rice
A brown fried rice dish with plenty of flavor and tastes. A must order. We actually fought over the bowl to clean it off.

Desert
GET the Avocado Pistachio cheesecake. It was insanely off-the-hook. With a date base and the creamy smoothness, your senses are spent assimilating the delicate nuances of flavors as your palate craves more.

Overall this place gets a HUGE "thumbs up". As one used to going to Fresh (not saying anything bad), we found the portions large enough to share while not skimping out. Everything arrived to our table at a steady enough pace that we could enjoy every dish in peace. The attentive staff always made sure that we had our water glasses filled as well.

Definitely worth a return visit.笑
Amazing food, amazing vibes. I went this past Friday for their first Friday sitting of dinner and I have to say my dinner party and I were quite impressed. They even had a DJ spinning tropical house! I can see this restaurant being incredibly popular with the health-conscious yuppie crowd. 

Regarding the food, the most notable thing about this restaurant is that nothing actually tastes "vegetarian." Forget everything you know about vegetarian food from places like Fresh and Kupfert and Kim. I went with two meat-loving guy friends and they both thoroughly enjoyed their experience here.  I also love that the cocktails were made with fresh pressed juice. Highlights of the meal: crab cakes made with hearts of palm, cauliflower tots, and lasagna. Do not order the fried kimchi dumplings! Those were incredibly disappointing. 

Sadly, a star was taken off because the food took forever to come but I'll forgive them because it was only their first week of operations. 

I can't wait to return for the launch of their brunch menu!笑
Came here for a special-occasion meal, and I wanted to love it, but I liked it. 

We had the Cauliflower Tots, The Italian Job Pizza, and the Crab Cakes. The Cauliflower Tots were good, especially with a squirt of lemon. The Crab Cakes were excellent - tons of flavour and textural contrast, and I really liked the curried lentil or split peas they were served on. The pizza was underwhelming. It seemed like it was missing textural contrast and some toppings, specifically the fennel sausage listed on the menu, but our friendly server told us that the farro was supposed to be the 'sausage'. Farro wheat grains sprinkled on top of wheat crust didn't work for me. 

Although I appreciate that the restaurant is trying to show the versatility of vegan foods and that fine dining doesn't hinge on serving food products from non-human animals, the pricing definitely isn't accessible to most people in the city. As someone splurging on a fancy dinner, I expected more.笑
Finally - an upscale restaurant vegans can call home. I am SO excited about this restaurant, the creative menu and the beautiful, gorgeous, stunnninngg décor. Planta caught my attention the day it opened as I walked past and was surprised by this stunning new addition to the Yorkville side of Bay street's façade. A few coworkers and I opted to try several things, all of which were delicious, but what really stood out to me was the impeccable décor and details. 

Yes, the inside is beautifully presented - yes, the retro mod look is impeccably furnished - but what really caught me was the beautiful utensils, glasses, and dishware! I mean seriously, where did they get those glasses (and where can I)?! 

We ordered the cauliflower tots [better with the lemon], kimchi dumplings, coconut ceviche, spaghettoni, and chocolate terrarium. 

The cauliflower tots were better with the lemon, but a little greasy and teeny tiny portion. Creamy on the inside was lovely. 

Kimchi dumplings did not actually have much flavor, but one member of the party liked them quite a bit. 

Coconut ceviche was amazing!!! The flavors were gorgeous, the presentation was beautiful, and the tender and moist coconut pieces were very creative and delicious. 

Spaghettoni is a small bowl of udon-type noodles and zucchini noodles in a creamy nut-based sauce. Nice, and very delicious once we found the sauce, but a dish with simple and light flavors. 

The chocolate terrarium is what really took the cake (ha..ha...see what I did there)! A light mousse topped with raspberries, brownie pieces, peanuts, and garnishes. It was carefully crafted and assembled, with a beautiful presentation, but I couldn't stop talking about the gold-dusted peanuts for days! What a tiny detail that really elevated the 'luxe' feel of this dish/overall experience! 

Overall, I think the more meat-inclined guests to Planta might prefer heartier dishes like the burgers or carrot dog; I did find the portions very small and therefore mildly overpriced, but the experience and tastes and creativity were lovely and definitely worth repeat visits to try more of the menu. 

It would be a great idea to put together a tasting menu for people new to the restaurant/vegan foods to try multiple dishes without breaking the bank!笑
To be very honest when I made reservations for lunch here, I didn't know what to expect. I only know that it was Vegan, which was a good pick for a Department lunch as my VP was Vegan. I have to say, I really like their online booking. It was convenient and quick. I also really like that fact that they call you to re-confirm your booking closer to your reservation date. 
The location of this restaurant is very convenient too. It is location right across the street from the Bay subway station. I have to say, walking into this restaurant, I was in love with their choice of decor. It was urban chic, bright, yet still welcoming and comfortable. We were a table of five so we got the oval table with the couch.
We ordered some same plates to share. My favorite small plate was the Cauliflower Tots. It was so light and fluffy. For my main, I ordered the Italian Job, which is a pizza. I also order one of their cold pressed juices. I ordered the pizza because I was curious as to how fennel sausages would taste like. The pizza did not disappoint - it was delicious! There was this smoky sausage flavor to it. However, I have to say because there is no yeast in the crust, best to eat the pizza while it's hot, because I find the crust very chewy when the pizza is cold (my left overs). The cold press juice is very concentrated and OH SO GOOD! The cold press juice I ordered was the one with the ginger in it (orange in color when it came) - I would definitely recommend the cold press juices. I was really full, so I didn't order any desert. But I did order a hot drink. I ordered the ginger tea - this is also OH SO GOOD! If you like ginger and you like a strong gingery kick this is the tea for you. 
Overall, the food here is awesome and the service was good. The prices are a bit on the high end, but with the food quality and the level of service, it is worth it. I am definitely coming back here for more Vegan food. One of my coworkers even said if all Vegan food tasted this good, he would not mind being eating Vegan everyday.笑
Delicious vegan food, classy decor, festive meals, exciting drinks. Coconut Ceviche was amazing, as is basically everything. A great date place, family brunch/dinner, place to go with colleagues or friends. There's a big group room in the back and even a private dining area upstairs with a view over the restaurant. It's a great addition to the vegan scene in Toronto.笑
Very good vegan food, great location, great design.  Pretty good service.  Very popular.  I'd say this is a "must try" for all vegans/vegetarians living in or visiting Toronto.

We ordered lots of dishes.  The the cauliflower tots were my favorite, followed by the side of roasted veggies.  The pizzas got mixed reviews by the table.  One pizza was way too salty.

They have a pretty large dessert selection.  Sadly, they were devoured before pictures could be taken.

One minor gotcha: although the entire food menu is vegan, the wine/beer list is not -- but they clearly indicate which ones are/aren't.笑
Like the rest of the city, I am enthused about Planta. It is Fresh 2.0 (x100000)

This is a refreshing, beautiful and satisfying food experience. Keep up the good work, Planta peeps! Can't stop recommending it to my friends and family.

Highlight: QUESO DIP! Tangy, zesty, tassstttttyyyyyyyyyy. 

Pro-tip: the queso dip makes another appearance on the menu (shows up on their much discussed veggie burger)笑
The restaurant is lush and tropical, with greenery of all kinds (huge murals and real life plants) being the main focus of design, but still keeping an elegant look about it all. Really enjoyed eating our meal in this beautifully designed and airy space! 

The food was delicious!!!!!!!!! The only reason for the four stars was because one dish (kimchi dumplings, omg, there was maybe a teaspoon of filling for the centre, with a heavily over fried wonton shell-oyyy) was really lacklustre. All the other items however, were all home runs in the flavour and presentation department. We ordered the habibi salad, (the split pea fritters were fluffy golden balls of heaven) the Planta Burger (probably the best veggie burger I've ever had) and the chicken fried mushrooms (the cilantro garnish was the perfect final touch). 

Service was also on point! Our server Jessica was attentive, pleasant, and had very good knowledge of the menu! We also had a nice plate change in between courses, and even though we only had water, had numerous top ups throughout the meal. Thank-you, Planta, we will be back!笑
Planta is the relatively new vegan kid on the block. Solid 5 yums from me! 

The restaurant's interior is stunning. The ambiance and service were impeccable. Flavours are not sacrificed by the plant-based nature of the menu. Instead, it was both imaginative and creative. Every plate was Instagram worthy. It was a work of art!

Our table of 6 offered multiple dishes to share. Cauliflower Tots ($9.75) with truffle parmesan were a hit at the table. Fried Kimchi Dumplings ($10.25) with hot chili oil were also a crowd pleaser. My favourite was the Coconut Ceviche ($13.75) with avocado, corn nuts, lime, and tortilla chips. I adored the interplay of textures between softness of coconut flesh, freshness of avocado and lime with crispy crunchy tortilla chips. It was light and refreshing! 

The beauty of dining with six others is the ability to sample everyone's entrees! Together, we ordered the Bianca ($ 17) with cauliflower, cashew mozzarella, potatoes, capers, caramelized onions, olives, and rosemary chili oil, Crab Cakes ($21.75) with hearts of palm, spinach, coconut milk, and warm spices, Lettuce Wraps ($18.75) with chicken fried oyster mushrooms, rice noodles, pomelo, mango, chili, and Thai basil, 18 Carrot Dog ($17) with fries, mustard, sauerkraut, and dill pickle, and last, but not least Thai Noodle ($15.25) green papaya, carrots, cucumber, mango, nori, tofu, shitake mushroom, kaffir lime, ginger, basil, coriander, mint, puffed rice, cashews, and chili dressing. 

The Crab Cakes with hearts of palm was by far my favorite. Similar to the tapas, I adore the dish's textures, composure and thoughtfulness. 

For drinks, four of us at the table ordered orange ginger ($6), two of us reordered another cup before the end of the meal. This is a true testament to the deliciousness of the drink! Putting your orange ginger (money) where your mouth is. 

Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the meal and would recommend Planta to vegans and to the non-vegan world.笑
Super cute atmosphere. Feels like you're eating at an Aritzia! Super cute table ware. Food was awesome! Try the Luxe pizza which is on the March menu. For drinks I suggest the Peach (don't kill my vibe), also on the march menu! Super fun place to gossip with your girlfriends. They also offer cold pressed juice!笑
My husband (who is vegan) and I came here for lunch while visiting Toronto and loved it. All of their dishes are very fresh sounding and I love that they seem to avoid most of the fake meat options. (Although I do love a good seitan.)
We had the cauliflower tots to start which were delicious, and we each ordered a pizza. The pizzas are fairly big, we could have ordered a second appetizer and one pizza and been fine. I had the pizza bianca and it was probably one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten!
It is definitely on the pricier side, but you pay for quality, and this place is quality. We arrived around noon for lunch and the place was packed, we were lucky to get a seat at the bar. Apparently they take reservations so I would recommend making one!笑
Ever been to a place so good that 5 stars rating is not good enough? Well this is pretty much the fanciest vegan place I have ever been to. And I have been to alot.

I ordered their Italian job pizza and their truffle fries. Pizza is thin crust. Fresh and delicious. Fries are amazing. Decor is as good as it gets. DJ playing awesome lounge beats. Friendly service.

Overall I'm very impressed by the whole experience. Keep in mind place is very packed. I strongly recommend reserving a seat. I'm surely coming back for their burger.笑
The food here is amazing!! All unique dishes with great taste.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I couldn't help but want to test out the cute little spot on the corner of Bay and Cumberland.  While the food is impeccable and certainly well presented, the decor is what really makes this place special.  Everything from the cutlery to the furniture to even the staff.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about this dishes so it helps to narrow down even though you'll want to try it all!笑
Love to see a fancy vegan place in TO, but I was underwhelmed. The ambiance felt too busy and chaotic for a romantic night out, but perhaps that's because I went within the first month it opened. Staff gave great advice on food choices - the cauliflower tots were tot-ally amazing. The pizza (had The Italian Job) was pathetic - all dough, toppings incredibly sparse, slightly burnt.笑
Loved every aspect of this place. 

It scores 10 out of 10 on the following: ambiance, service, food quality, food taste, food variety, cocktails, prices, cleanliness and the list goes on. What a gem!! 

This was the perfect venue for a girls night. We had cocktails to start off and then shared a bunch of dishes. I want to go back to try more but even the food aside, the ambiance is so warm and inviting and the service was top notch - friendly, accommodating, welcoming and just went above and beyond to make our night great. 

Check this place out - vegans and non-vegans alike. You'll be glad you did!笑
As a meat-lover, this vegan resto was pleasantly surprising. The coconut ceviche came with slices of young coconut (I'm in luuuh with the coco so of course I devoured that). The kimchi dumplings were crispy and not oily. The carrot dogs. DAWG. THEE CARROT DOGS. They were charred to the T. As if they set up a grill at the back and started an outdoor bbq. They tasted like hotdogs. So good. Sooo good. The fries were delicious too (more oily than the dumplings, but not salty at all). Despite the "come here on your first date if you're trying to impress your ting" or "come here with your colleagues for a classy, business social" pricing, Jocelynne, Sara and I will definitely return soon!笑
Planta is a gorgeously designed restaurant in Yorkville that attracts primarily young girls and the typical crowd of Yorkville. I ordered the burger which was good but not incredible and the queso dip which was fantastic. What was weird is they didn't offer buns for their burgers or carrot dogs that were gluten free. Side note - the carrot dogs are legit just a carrot stick on a bun with some toppings and they charge $17+. 

I also had watermelon sangria which was delicious but again, a bit overpriced ($13+) and the desserts looked fabulous but I was too full to order one. 

All in all, this is a great place for vegans and vegetarians to try out and the atmosphere is fantastic. However, it is a bit overrated when it comes to food.笑
First foremost, I have to say the interior of this restaurant is totally up my alley!! Love the tropical wallpapers, the unique brass/copper chairs and the even the plates and cutleries were so lovely I almost wanted to take them home! 

When you come here you MUST try one of their original cocktails. They use cold press juice as ingredient and I particularly loved the "Peach, Don't Kill my vibe" drink. The subtle aroma of roses from the rose gin was very elegant and not sweet at all (for a peach)

Food wise, I really enjoyed the watermelon poke (highly recommended). The watermelon almost tasted like tuna believe it or not, thanks to the perfect seasoning with soy and avocado. The main course, lasagna was so good it's hard to believe that it's fully vegan!! I can't to dairy and so this gave me relief. Gotta love cashew cheese! I shared this with my girlfriend and it was perfect amount. The squash made it filling.

Dessert we had chocolate terranium and this one I have to say was a little too sweet for my taste. Next time I would love to try the coconut one with chia seeds and mango sorbet. 

Overall service was excellent and I would definitely come back here. Wish there were more places like this. Don't forget to make reservations as it fills up fast!笑
One of the best plant-based fine dining experiences we have ever experienced. The food is expertly prepared and the flavors are exquisite. We had the Queso dip, truffle fries, Italian pizza and lettuce wraps along with the chocolate terrarium for dessert. The portions are tapas style and served piping hot.笑
Beautiful restaurant with interesting food, came here for dinner on a Thursday night. I plan on going back again. The service level is high but slower and they give you time to enjoy the meals. If you're in a hurry for dinner I don't think this is the place.
The food was very well thought out and combinations were interesting. The bean queso had a ton of dill on it, as apparently other items on the menu do too (which I love, but some could be less enthused about).
Their cocktail list also looks very well thought out and my experience with the Aloe Mule is great. A friend wanted a modification on the Aloe Mule and the server and bartender took it in stride and turned around a great cocktail that fit his dietary needs. 
Paprika fries or whatever the normal fries are aren't to my liking but truffle fries are on point.
As a lazy-vegetarian I thought the burger was trying to taste like meat to the point where it ended up in the uncanny valley (so close that it made me feel weird about it). The vegans I was with were very impressed with the burger.
I would have liked to see a menu entree of vegetables that look just like vegetables. I bet there are many vegans that make their own vegetable dishes at home and want something different, but as a lazy-vegetarian/ friend of vegetarians I was hoping for a menu item with tons of cooked delicious vegetables - roasted vegetable stew?  gazpatcho? (I have the same sentiment for HogTown Vegan).
Overall, I'm a fan and Iook forward to trying more items.笑
The wait is finally over my vegan friends :D Chase Hospitality Group has launched their most recent creation, Planta, in the heart of Yorkville. I have been following their instagram for updates and finally I'm here to try this 100% plant-based cuisine :) For a Sunday evening, it was already buzzing with people.

The decor was classic yet modern with an elegent flare. The atmosphere was relaxing... felt like stepping into an oasis :) Our server, Melissa was very friendly and helpful with our drinks and food order. Vegan is still a very new concept for me... and I really appreciate all the effort Chef David Lee and his team put into each dish.

We ordered the Cauliflower tots with truffle parmesan and lemon aioli to start and I absolutely loved them! The flavours were spot on. It tasted a bit like hash brown - crispy outside and soft on the inside ^^ Must order!

The Broccoli fried rice was not exactly what I have expected. I was literally expecting a hearty bowl of rice with kimchi, tofu and the smoked mushroom bacon lol. The rice was actually crispy hence 'fried' rice but it was also drenched in soy sauce on the bottom... I didn't like the saltiness as much. Go easy on the soy sauce!

Crab cakes! Oh man.. such an interesting combination of texture and flavours. The creamy white sauce paired with the 'meat' and herbs salad was delicious! The chef had mimic the visual of crab cakes down to a T - such amazing work and it was quite enjoyable.

Avocado lime cheesecake with raspberry sorbet was refreshing. The pistachio and shavings were a very nice touch and the sweet raspberry sorbet balanced out the tartness of the cheesecake :)

Overall, a very fine upscale, vegan experience. Can't wait to come back and explore more dishes! Sunday brunch will be available starting Oct 2, 2016... my family is going to love this ^^笑
I really really wanted to like this place, but I didn't. Why? Two main things. 

1. The website of this place and the reality was not quite matching. It was VERY NOISY

Before we went, my boyfriend searched it up online and based on what we saw, he made an reservation. Both of us were anticipating a lot from this place because it seemed fancy and bright and beautiful on the website. But the actual dinning experience was not what we pictured. The place is very crowed and LOUD. The dinning atmosphere was just bad. I had to almost scream to my boyfriend to make him hear me clearly. It was not only us, the couple next to us complained about the noise to the waitress too. 

2. Food was not the best I've had, did not live up to the price

I ordered a burger and my boyfriend had one of their pizzas. It was not crazy expensive or anything but I've had so much better vegan food that are a lot cheaper. So it defeats the point of us coming to this "fancy" place yet get ordinary food and bad dinning environment. 

P.S. I imagined this place to be a somewhat classy place because of their web advertisment and overall style. It felt wrong when in the middle of the meal, I saw a DJ showed up with a shirt that prints "WILD" starting to play music. The music was not bad at all, but it was a bizzar experience to have in a vegan restaurant on the more expensive side. I thing this place had it all mixed up.笑
This is an exceptionally good vegetarian restaurant. We were a party of three and shared many of the starter courses. Very unusually some of the meat replacement dishes like crab cakes, hot dogs etc... that usually turnout to be a disappointment for trying to be something they are not were great. The straight out vegetarian and vegan dishes were also delicious and varied in make-up. The restaurant is a mix between comfort food style and fine dining but then vegetarian - service is fast and friendly and they will take time to explain things for you. Selection of drinks is excellent and the wine list is amazing.

I was there on a Saturday and the place was totally packed with young largely female crowd.笑
Came to restaurant in search of a health cleanse and few shots for Instagram - was not disappointed. Place has great aesthetic : plates, bowls and cutlery were all beautiful. Decor and lighting made for a picture perfect lunch/ dinner. All the hype for photos!

However service was not all too fantastic. Was not greeted as we came in the restaurant, servers took their time chatting before finally leading us to our table. We were sat and left with the menus for a good 10 minutes before we realized that no server was going to take our order unless we called for one. Our finished dishes were not taken, refills on water were only given twice: midway and after our meal. Guests who'd arrived later and were noticeably older and richer were served before us.

We'd ordered the Watermelon Poke as our appetizer, the Habibi salad and the Planta Burger. Place is perfect for Vegans and while nicely plated, the food was not to our taste. Place is not recommended for those (like us who are) used to savoury dishes. 
-Watermelon Poke was a great take on Poke Salad - basically replaced salmon with watermelon. 
-Habibi Salad was served fresh with fried couscous balls (as we were guessing?). 
-Planta Burger served with great fries and while the fries were perfectly flavoured, the burger was not to match. Was not easy to eat, kept falling apart. 

Overall mediocre experience, not recommended for teenagers and those with a love for meat.笑
I absolutely love it here! The food is always amazing, and they change the menu frequently so you're always pleasantly surprised. The food has such fresh ingredients also! Their drinks are delicious (my favorites are the pear and peach drinks). My favorite items on the menu are the Italian Job pizza, the kimchi dumplings and their pasta dishes! I have gone with both vegans and non-vegans all of which had thoroughly enjoyed the food.
The service is also exemplar, friendly and tremendously fast.
Also, if you're a fan of hot sauce they have a house made hot sauce which is incredible!笑
I'm not a vegan at all, but I'm open to vegan/vegetarian-friendly cuisine. (Fresh has yet to disappoint, for example.)

So it was that I found myself sitting in Planta on a very snowy February weekend. I suppose I should first say that I was extremely unhappy with the service. Our waitress appeared fairly quickly when we first sat down, but then disappeared for a full 20 minutes after that. I was going to order the nachos as a starter but I was so annoyed that I decided to skip it.

Instead, I ordered one of the specials. It was a pizza, and it's not listed anywhere on the internet (and I forgot to take a picture of the menu), so I can't tell you exactly what it was or what was on it.

Anyway, it was fine. It was topped with caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, cashew mozzarella, asparagus, and some kind of green sauce. The first few bites were actually surprisingly tasty; the caramelized onions were quite prominent, and the rest of the toppings worked pretty well. (The asparagus not so much, since it kept coming off the pizza whole.) But this is a fairly enormous pizza pie and I honestly just got sick of eating it after the first couple of slices. There was no real depth of flavor here, which meant that every bite was the same - which, of course, meant that eating this thing got to be a bit of a repetitious grind after a while.

But maybe I'm being too harsh. As a vegan pizza, it's probably above average. Maybe, though, there's a reason that pizza isn't generally a vegan option.笑
tl;dr: Try Planta at least once if you have the $$$, want to be adventurous and classy, aren't starving to death, and because #yolo 

Came here a few weeks ago on a Sunday night for dinner and had a good experience, but was not wow!-level impressed by the food overall. On most days, I basically eat like a vegan because I'm vegetarian and can't tolerate dairy very well, so I was suuuuper excited to try Planta -- one of the only higher-end, totally plant-based restaurants in TO that I know.

Food 4/5, Affordability 3/5:
Following Yelp's advice, we ordered the watermelon poke ($13.25) and cauliflower tots ($9.75) to start. As a broke ass student for life, I do judge a restaurant by how much bang I'm getting for my buck. Here, I appreciate the creativity of the dishes because uhh it's difficult to make a pile of plants look to worth as much as a platter of meat and I do noticeably taste and commend the freshness of all the ingredients. But why is my bowl of a few chunks of watermelon with avocado + soy sauce (the dish did taste like poke btw but it was mainly the sauce flavor rather than anything else, like texture) $13.25?? Sadness and tears :'( For my main I got the Habibi salad ($17.25) and it was very filling! I have a big appetite too, but felt quite full by 3/4 of the dish.

Service 5/5:
The service was very friendly and we got full explanations of the ingredients in each dish we ordered. Our water glasses were also consistently filled without reminders, so that's always a +.

Ambiance 4/5:
The interior design is comfortable, kind of rustic, and organic, just like the food I suppose. The lighting is dim and atmosphere on the quieter side for dinner, but there's no pressure or need to dress up. Nonetheless, it can make a romantic date night destination :)笑
Don't be fooled by some of the names on the menu. Everything on this menu is vegan friendly. There is no meat or dairy on any of the dishes. The waitress stated multiple times that everything on the menu is to be tasted as it's own and not to be a "imitation." However, it does look similar to cheese or normal meat. So isn't that imitation? For a Vegan restaurant, this is a great place to eat at. The atmosphere is fantastic and the meals are all fulfilling. 

As far as price ranges, it's not too heavy. The meals are on smaller plates so sharing is caring. They range about $10-$20 a plate.笑
Came here for brunch and we ordered:

Potato Hash: Amazing
Crab Cake: Average
Margherita Pizza: Average

The Potato Hash was by far the tastiest thing we had. It was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, with a perfect balance of sweet and spicy! The crab cake was OK, but it felt like there was something lacking. It did have a fresh taste to it with a citrus zing though. 

Service was great, our reservation was ready on time for us. The interior is absolutely beautiful! Overall, based on the food and the prices, I won't be back.

I'll be honest, I feel like my review of this place may be of less value because I'm not a vegan, and maybe don't have enough experience with vegan food...so take it with a grain of salt I guess笑
We went here for a late lunch today... And while I was so hungry that I could've eaten a horse, alas there would be no such offerings on the menu. Fret not though, I was still a very happy diner because the food that was available was fantastic!!

We asked if an appetizer, two sides and a main dish would be enough food for two to share or not. As it turned out, it was more than plenty. To start, we had the cauliflower tots. This was really good. I always find it awkward when restaurants serve an odd number of servings, when they see there are two people at the table, don't they know people will have to fight for the last piece when they do that? Then we got the hot pot with sides of fried rice and truffle fries. The rice was great as well, though I would've preferred less saltiness. The hot pot was excellent. The ingredients tasted refreshing and the broth was light but full of flavors. And then the fries, ah yes, the fries. 

Not sure why but we thought we had room for dessert... And so we each got our own. The portions are pretty big. So big that we should've shared just one of them. Especially the carrot cake. It was a huge slice.

Overall the meal was very good. I thought the coolest part was the shaved almonds that looked like parmesan. I'm definitely looking forward to coming back and seeing what the other dishes tasted like笑
Loving this place right around the corner from my condo! New hot spot for vegan lovers and neo veges alike. Decor is very fresh and chique, stirs up memories of uptown manhattan. Cauliflower tots are my go-to, followed closely by the watermelon poke, and dangerously juicy burger.笑
Ordered the Bianca pizza, tried a cauliflower tot, had the chocolate terrarium and avocado lime for dessert. First of all, the tot is supposed to be very popular, I thought it was just ok. It was Annie soggy on the inside, and the flavour was Annie bland in my opinion. As for the pizza, the cream sauce was delicious and I love the cauliflower in it, however personally I don't think the olives go well with the rest of the flavours. Some grilled pineapple would've paired better with the spicy flavour. As for the dessert, the chocolate terrarium was amazing. Perfect blend of soft and crunchy textures. Didn't like the avocado lime cheesecake at all, the coconut flakes in the base was very overpowering. All in all, a bit overpriced in my opinion, but great service and decor.笑
This is one of the more beautifully appointed restaurants I've ever been to. The decor, the plates, the glasses, even the silverware... it's all perfect. 

I came here for brunch with some vegan friends. We ordered for the table and got:
Caesar salad: WOW, this was fantastic. It tasted like parmesan, and I don't know how they did that.
Cauliflower bites: Crunchy on the outside, soft and pillowy on the inside. Savoury and beautiful.
Smoked salmon pizza: I wasn't a fan of this, I found it too salty and too briny with the very liberal sprinkle of caper berries.
Pancakes and the cinnamon bun were decent, but I have no sweet tooth so I'm not the best judge. My friends all lost their collective minds over it though.

The restaurant does a great job recreating vegan versions of favourite dishes in ways I haven't experienced before. Just watch your pocketbook. This spot ain't cheap!笑
Food is meh. My salad was heavily vinergered. My companion's appetizer was tiny. Service was unprofessional. Waitress kept handing me food across my companion's face. No one offered to take my coat. Decor was 1960s' recc room. Only saving grace was the wine list: innovative and well-priced, altho very few by the glass笑
Food is mediocre at best. This is based on the brunch menu (I hear dinner is apparently better). There were 4 of us, and only one could say that he actually enjoyed his dish (he had the Planta burger, which did look pretty good). And we are all vegan/vegetarian, so this isn't a case of meat-eaters having unrealistic expectations. Anyways, nice atmosphere and decor. Service is pretty good. I will come back for dinner eventually and hope for the best (and edit my review if warranted then).笑
Came here on a Wednesday with my fiancé who is vegetarian for her birthday. As expected the restaurant was packed even for a weekday so fortunately we had made reservations Prior. We were promptly seated.  For a vegan this place is blessed as all the food options are made vegan friendly - even the pizza is made of cashew mozzarella and gluten free. First off the ginger drink although quite pricey at 14 bucks is excellent and I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a unique cocktail. Next for apps we had ordered the corn hot dog -which was pretty good even for a typical meat eater. I would give it 8/10 and would have preferred that the wiener be inside the bun rather than on top (minor point). We also ordered the kimchi dumplings which I liked since they were crispy but my fiancé found it too oily for her tastes. Next we ordered the habibi salad which according to the vegetarian was very good. I personally found the faffel type balls to be too dry. Next we also ordered the Italian job pizza - which was pretty good but not the same as a normal pizza made with real cheese. Finally for desert we got the chocolate terrataium. The desert was actually very good and I would recommend it and would order it again if I went back. Overall this a great treat for those who are vegan and vegetarian.笑
I'm not vegan. Not even vegetarian. But I eat veggies sometimes.

I went there for lunch and it's good. But not great...

For apps, we shared cauliflower tots (good), kimchi dumplings (deep fried and maybe a bit too crunchy, not enough heat) and watermelon poke (not bad, I liked the avocado but the watermelon here was a poor substitute for sushi-grade tuna, and really the only dish where the vegan aspect disappointed).

For my main I had the curry bowl with purple/black rice, bok choy, pea shoots and shitake, in a lemongrass broth. I loved the sweet/fresh taste of the pea shoots  but wished they had cut them down to an edible size. It was a bit awkward trying to eat the long shoots without having bits of broth flying all over the table. The curry was almost non-existent and there was very little spice. Had they just called it something else, I probably would have loved it. It was just weird to dig in expecting a curry spice and getting a totally different (but still delicious) taste. I did really enjoy it and wished that it came with some bread for sopping up the remainder of the broth (which was more like soup, not the thick stuff you'd normally get in a curry dish at a Thai resto).

The restaurant is upscale/modern casual and in my mind a nice upgrade from the former Pangaea in that location. I remember the dining room used to be so loud, but it's way better now, they must have put in some kind of sound dampening décor (or maybe vegans just don't talk as loud as carnivores).

Looking forward to going back and trying some of the other stuff, a lot of interesting choices on the menu.笑
Planta is the type of restaurant I'm sure vegans have been dreaming about for years. Finally there's a place that a vegan will feel proud to take a non-vegan on a date. The restaurant has a clean, and upscale aesthetic and most importantly, treats the food with respect. Full disclosure, I'm not a vegan (or even a vegetarian) and I do not feel like I've been cheated out of a good meal at Planta.

I've been twice and both times I've been impressed with my choices. Cauliflower tots are a must and the lasagna is fantastic. The drinks are done very well and if you forgot to make a reservation and can't get a seat, there's a small bar area where you can indulge in their beverages including a great vegan caesar. The staff are friendly but somewhat oddly are dressed too casually for the ambiance it appears Planta is going for. Still, this place is a solid 4.5/5. You will not be disappointed regardless of your eating beliefs!笑
Delish!  So nice to have an upscale meatless restaurant in the area.  Definitely pricy...especially the drinks...but the outstanding service and atmosphere made up for it.笑
Good food, excellent friendly service. Menu appeared creative but I can only speak for the burger which was excellent. Honestly, it was the second best veggie burger I've ever had (which is still impressive considering the number I've tried). Will be back to try more...笑
Happy to see more vegan options in Yorkville, but I guess Planta wasn't my style! VERY loud and mediocre service. We were served by about 4-5 people which made it difficult to communicate, and gave the impression that they don't focus on service at all. None of the staff we engaged with were friendly, but then again they also weren't rude.  The food was good, but nothing really blew my mind. I had the Frenchie pizza: it was somewhat flavourful and the base completely saturated the crust making it very soggy. The rose gold cutlery is cute but the knife is ineffective (don't hate me for not eating pizza with my hands, that's just how soggy it was). One thing I will give them, they do mock cheese beautifully. Great texture and flavour, and I could tell it was freshly made. 
I will most likely return for more social outings but I doubt it will become a go-to!笑
Absolutely the best service. Cute little male host started off a perfect evening. The waitress was phenomenal. The food was great. Avoid the Asian dumplings as they are average and the soy dipping sauce overpowers your taste buds. The "crab" cakes were amazing and tasted better when I ate the leftovers the next day. The cauliflower tots were so great. I wanted to stick them in every orifice. I may have actually done so as I had a few too many of their amazing drinks. Keep up the good work.笑
Probably one of my favourite restaurants in Toronto. It's so good! A little more on the pricey side but the atmosphere is so relaxing and the food combinations are out of this world. Excellent for a date!笑
Finally got a chance to try this hot spot after hearing all the rave reviews about this. Didn't really have much expectation because I'm not vegan and a plant-based restaurant just didn't sound too appealing to me. I'm a carnivore. Their food exceeded my expectations, decor and atmosphere was impeccable. I would recommend this place to both my vegan and non-vegan friends! 

Service 4/5
Decor 6/5
Food 5/5
Price 4/5

Service (4/5) - So the experience. Came here with a girlfriend on a Friday night around 5pm. I was greeted by two hostesses who asked me if I made a reservation. I didn't make one. No problem. They found me a table anyways but I was told that they would need the table back in 1.5h. I appreciate having that warning. Place packed up fairly quickly and most tables were full by 6-6:30pm so if you plan to come around that time for dinner make a reservation. The waitress served us drinks fairly quickly but we had to flag someone else down to order our meal. She did come to check and ask how everything was in between so that was appreciated but I had trouble finding my waitress to get my bill, probably because the place was getting more packed. For these reasons, there is some room for improvement on the service side. 

Decor (6/5) - It is obvious that this place has spent some well thought out time and design in their decor and use of space. As an interior decorator, I really appreciate all the fine details they put in to set the ambiance and lighting of the space. They have very comfortable velvety couches and quality wooden chairs. Far from what you would find at IKEA. I really loved their choice of cutlery, rose gold utensils, marred ceramic plates and cute water droplet designed cups that look like something you would find at pottery barn. They have a garage door style window opening up to Bay Street, great lighting and lots of sky lights too. Perfect space for small parties and celebrations. I would love to find out where they purchased everything but let's get back to the food. 

Food (5/5) - I was very impressed with the dishes here. My girlfriend and I started with a drink (cold pressed cocktail with beet juice and coconut shavings and a watermelon sangria). I would recommend skipping on the sangria and going for a cold-pressed drink instead. We ordered cauliflower tots with truffle Parmesan. Comes with five meatball-sized pieces. Was quite a small app but they were cooked to perfection - crispy/crunchy on outside and warm and soft on the inside. I wish there was more!! For mains, we shared two dishes. The Frenchie pizza (mushrooms, squash, cashew mozzarella, arugula, truffle oil, parmesan). Their pizza dough is made with 0 flour. This was one of the best vegetarian pizzas I have ever had. Loved the mushroom and squash wow! It was very filling. Size is somewhere between a typical small and medium sized pizza - 6 slices. We finished 4 slices only. Ok the second main we ordered to share was the Thai noodle salad (green papaya, carrots, cucumber, mango, nori, tofu, shitake mushroom, kaffir lime, ginger, basil, coriander, mint, puffed rice, cashews, chili dressing). I was worried it would be spicy but it was very light, refreshing with a tiny hint of sweetness. Loved the shiitake mushrooms in this salad. We couldn't finish this so packed most of it to go with two slices of the pizza. I was really surprised to be so full from this meal. 

Price (4/5) - With two drinks ($30), an app ($10), a pizza ($17) and a salad ($15) our meal came to $75 give or take with tax (tips extra). The drinks and salad are priced on the higher end but otherwise being in the Yorkville area I think a meal for two with drinks comes out to be around this price.笑
Love the decor of this place! Very hip interior. Came here last night with a friend and we got the Planta Burger and Frenchie Pizza, both were delicious. Would recommend making reservations in advance, we had to sit at the bar since all the tables were reserved. Will be back next time :)笑
Great meal at lunch will my work team. I made reservations on OpenTable and we got a great table. We had the cauliflower tots to start. Nice and crispy on the outside. Soft on the inside with cashew cheese. Comes with 5 pieces. For my meal I had the Frenchie Pizza. It has puréed mushrooms as a base sauce topped with more mushrooms, squash, arugula and cashew cheese. Tastes like a rich cream of mushroom soup on a pizza. My colleagues both had the veggie burger and said it was great! Will definitely be back. Happy to see a vegetarian spot in yorkville!笑
Overpriced for the atmosphere and service.  It is a casual restaurant, with servers wearing baseball shirts. Our server was friendly, but the timing of dishes seemed odd. We were ok with food coming out as it was ready, but we ended up a long time with a bowl of truffle fries without our pizza. By the time our pizza arrived, we were no longer hungry and got a little turned off by all that was going on with it. Pizza Bianca shouldn't have olives AND capers on it, not to mention fried cauliflower and vegan cheese (no cheese required!). It was a disappointment. 

We had coconut ceviche to start, it was delicious. Little stingy with the tortilla chips, which meant having to overload them. But the tender coconut filled in beautifully for fish. We then had lettuce wraps, very tasty, though the chicken fried oyster mushrooms were a bit too salty. The truffle fries were ok. For dessert we had coconut pudding, which was amazing due to the scoop of passion fruit sorbet that complemented the cool creaminess of the young coconut.   

Aa for the price: two of us shared one starter, one pizza, one main, one side and one dessert. One bottle of sparkling water and two coffees. The bill came to $95, which is too steep for lunch. 

I would come again just for dessert.笑
Just when I thought things couldn't get worse...

We decided that since our first visit occurred shortly after Planta opened, we would give it another shot. There would be no way the service could have been as poor as our first encounter. So, we went for lunch.

We were seated promptly and immediately asked the waitress to help us choose a NON fried, NON salad item from the appetizer selections that we could share since we had each ordered a salad as a main.  She suggested the butternut squash and mushrooms.  Great!  Ten minutes later an arugula salad topped with squash and mushrooms arrived.  Although salty, it was tasty but we we did ask our waitress why she suggested a salad to start when our mains were each a salad.  She just stood there and smiled. (NOTE: The menu mentions nothing about the squash and mushrooms being served upon a bed of arugula.  Hmmm...)

Thirty five minutes later as we watched table after table receive their hot entrees (might I add they were patrons who arrived AFTER we did) we began to wonder why our salads had not arrived.  Once again, we asked our waitress what was going on.  She looked dumbfounded and walked away as we watched her approach a young man at the front of the restaurant.  They exchanged some words, he turned around to look at us and then he walked directly to the back of the restaurant toward the kitchen.  As we sat there hungry and frustrated, we decided at that moment that this was a most disorganized and thoughtless establishment and it was time to leave. Five minutes later, as we were getting our coats on, the young man arrived at our table with two salads in his hands.  When we asked about the wait, he said there really wasn't an excuse excuse - it was simply a "mix-up".  At that point we told him how this very same situation we encountered only a month prior and we would not tolerate it AGAIN.  We offered to pay for what we had eaten but he apologized for the situation and told us just to leave.

Planta, it is so hard to believe you are a part of the Chase group.  In fact, you call yourself the CHASE HOSPITALITY GROUP.  There was nothing hospitable about our visits. The breakdown in communication is terribly apparent.  After my first review, someone from your restaurant reached out to me privately for my email address so they could chat with me further.  I immediately provided it.  Did anyone ever get back to me?  Nope!

As a long time vegetarian, I had high hopes for your (supposedly) upscale restaurant that would cater to my eating habits.  You have disappointed me and my family and we will never return.笑
5/5 for food, ambiance and service. I was skeptical because I really like my meat. Came for a girls night out and it was absolutely delicious. We had the habibi salad, Italian job pizza and the burger to share. Although everything was good, everyone's favourite was the burger. Already made another reservation to go back soon.笑
I ate here last night, it was epic!  I was on business and looking for a new spot to eat #VEGAN at.. I stumbled upon Planta.  I got the carrot hot dog and then crab cakes as well as a yummy juice (can't recall which one, but they all looked fantastic!). The ambiance was beautiful and perfectly decorated with plants that went all the way up to the ceiling.  I was very taken back by how cool the place was and I wasn't even in LA (LOL).  Although I was seated promptly and they were busy, but I had no reservations, I thought they could have put me at a better location in the restaurant or had been quicker and more cheerful but that is just a high standard that I have!  XOXOXO笑
AMAZING food with modern, vibrant decor. An upscale restaurant with a lot of options for vegans. I have been here thrice and would definitely recommend their brunch over dinner. For brunch I loved the crab cake benedict and avocado toast. The food was very flavourful. Amongst the appetizers my favourite is the chickpea fries. They were delicious!笑
So overhyped and overpriced. The restaurant space itself is beautiful. The food is underseasoned, uninspired and ridiculously overpriced.笑
Boring, nice room but better food at Doomies for 1/3rd of the price.  Coconut ceviche was in a shallow soup bowl with 4 thin slices of coconut and the same of avocado - for $16.  The Thai salad was Green Mango quality.  Go to Bent if you want a 'real' version.  And the burger was par w/Doomies.  Let down!笑
Planta has been much talked about and for good reason. This vegan restaurant is very upscale with a classy, contemporary decor and well thought out menu. The restaurant is the newest addition to the Chase Hospitality Group and the design and quality of the interior is very much in line with the other restaurants owned by the group.

We came here for a girls lunch on a Saturday and the restaurant was quite packed. I would definitely recommend making a reservation to avoid a long wait time. 

The menu is suitable for sharing and had very good variety. We ordered:

Cauliflower Tots ($9.75) - fried cauliflowers with truffle parmesan, this was my favourite

Fried Kimchi Dumplings ($10.25) - good if you are craving something a bit spicy

The Italian Job Pizza ($17) - very filling, the pizza is quite large and very good

Habibi Salad ($17.25) - decent sized portion and a good option if you're looking for a more filling salad as there's lots of couscous, peas, lentils etc.

Overall this is a good vegan option and a nice place to stop by for lunch/brunch. Didn't try their juices personally but have heard good things about those as well.笑
New fav spot! Love the vibe of the restaurant. Delicious drinks, great music, a very innovative menu list. As a vegetarian, I was in heaven. Food was a little pricey l for the portions - but a return visitor for sure! Nice for bday celebrations or group dinners.笑
This place is a hidden gem. Visited them for lunch today, and was pleasantly surprised they were completely vegan. From my experience eating out vegan, it's been tough to find somewhere where the food is not so dense and grainy. We ordered the Frenchie pizza and ceviche. Pizza was magnificent. It had a mushroom sauce, and dough was nice and light. Coconut ceviche was delicious. Coconut was dusted lightly with paprika and chilli pepper, an excellent combo. 
Other then the food, the service was great and decode was inviting. 
Would HIGHLY recommend !笑
As a gluten-free (and grain free) most plant-based (fish every few months) person, Planta is a blessing. The cauliflower tots and habibi salad were both divine.

My only complaint was when I asked our server about three specific items on the menu--and stated had already messaged Planta beforehand--she tried to go over the whole menu. I politely interrupted her twice so that she wouldn't take ten minutes and embarrass me in front of my date. Then she later was annoying asking if I was fine with nuts and soy after we had already ordered. You could tell she was being passive aggressive under the guise of concern. 

Regardless the food, the fresh juices and the dessert was phenomenal. The high ceilings and decor make you feel like you're in LA or Miami. Definitely returning.笑
Accidentally walked by and decided to check it out. Best fanciest vegan restaurant in Toronto! I ordered the avocado toast, chicken fried mushroom, potato hash, plants burger, and tofu scramble. Every dish was full of unique flavours but delicious nonetheless. My favourite by far was the chicken fried mushroom! The only thing I was not a fan of was the service, I had to literally hunt down our waitress every time I needed a top up or the bill. It is unfortunate especially since the food is so amazing!笑
The food was good and different from most vegan menus but I left feeling hungry!  After spending $50 on brunch, I wanted to feel satisfied but instead I was still pretty hungry.  The atmosphere was nice, clean and refreshing.  The service was good but the value for what you actually got was poor.  I thought maybe I was just a fatty so I asked the rest of my group what they thought and the general consensus was that it was good but not worth it.  I'm happy to see veganism becoming more main stream but there are other places in the city you could go that are just as delicious and half the price.笑
I came here on a whim because I felt like spoiling myself yesterday.  I figure I deserved it after eating so healthy and working out so much for the past few months.  

I always see this place on my way to work and knew it was quite pricey, but I figured, what the heck, once in a while doesn't hurt.  In terms of the ambiance, it is amazing.  It feels fresh, clean and surrounded by lots of greenery.  

I had the Planta Burger with truffle fries and the cauliflower tots. The tots were mediocre at best, so I wouldn't recommend them and it was definitely a small plate that I wouldn't even consider shareable and was pricey at almost $10 for 4 pieces. The Planta burger though was absolutely delicious.  Sometimes when you order veggie/vegan burgers, the patties are deep fried whereas I think these ones were grilled or pan fried and the toppings on it were some kind of salsa. Amazing.  Also got the truffle fries instead of the standard fries and I loved them. I don't usually eat fries and when I do, I usually eat them last.  This time, I finished 80% of fries before I finished 1/2 burger. Yep that good. 

I think this would be a great place for a client meeting or to take a date, but not your everyday meal (unless you own a condo or house in Yorkville, which I don't because I'm not that rich..yet).  

Verdict: Will definitely be back, either with friends or a special someone when I find them. lol.笑
Great dinner in a super sleek atmosphere. The cauliflower tots were my favourite! Erin was our sever and was 10/10!笑
I've been wanting to try Planta for awhile so I took the opportunity to make a reservation when my boss told me to pick a place for the two of us to have lunch. I was a bit nervous because my boss isn't vegan and I'd feel bad if she didn't enjoy her meal but I was encouraged by the indication that the food was on the upscale side. 
     I ordered the Italian Job pizza which was a great choice. It's obvious that the ingredients are really fresh and the combination of flavours is so tasty. It's also large enough that you could share it with another person. I ended up taking half of it home. My boss had the macaroni bolognese and she thought it was flavourful and hearty. 
     For dessert I had the chocolate terrarium which was so good. My boss really enjoyed her avocado lime cheesecake. 
     Overall, it was a lovely dining experience. Delicious food, great service and stylish decor. My birthday is in a few months and I already know I want to have my dinner party here. I may try to stop in one or two times before then.笑
Oh my god . I can't say enough good things . It's a beautiful , vibrant place with upscale decor . Top notch service with a DJ. Great crowd x coconut cheviche , watermelon poke and Bianca pizza . Just to die for . I will go back there again soon , you won't be disappointed if you give this place a try .笑
Nice Interior. Good place for veggi lover. Have a big menu and really covers all kind of dishes.笑
I was brought to this place by my Vegan friend to try out a place down town. I am not a vegan but this place opened my eyes to the vast amount of flavours and textures that can be created through only vegetables!

The atmosphere was nice, it was a bright setting with a very open area to eat. You would not expect this after walking through the curtains at the entrance to keep the heat in!

We ordered the:
The seasonal pizza: It had fennel, onions tomatoes, and a nice green sauce that was a great change up from the traditional tomato based sauces. I would definitely order this again!

The Italian Job: A traditional tomato based pizza with a twist! The combination of ingredients produced a barley flavour, which was a great surprise.

The Planta Burger: A basic black bean burger, the texture was nice but the burger fell apart. The best part were the fries, that tasted like the BBQ chips flavour.

Overall it was good experience,  but a bit on the pricier side for the type of food you get. I would have liked to try the bowls for a comparison but this was a great change to the typical salad bowls in vegan and vegetarian places!笑
The space is pretty awesome. The location ok. It's easy to get to. The decor is fancy. What's not fancy or tasty is the food. Nothing we ordered was specially tasty or memorable. At the price point of this establishment we expected more (quite more). We visited shortly after the restaurant opened. The only notable thing food-wise that I remember is that their hotdog was a smoked carrot on a bun. It was notable because it was comical. Hopefully the restaurant can come up with better dishes worthy of their price point. Beautiful restaurant, though.笑
Waaaaaa. I wanted to like it. I wanted to sooo badly. But I super, super didn't.

I will admit I'm not a vegan. I can eat cheese (this seems like the hardest sacrifice in my opinion). But I generally eat vegetarian or pescatarian, and am aware of the plight of a vegan trying to go out to eat. I think Planta is taking advantage of that plight. I think they will have a customer base of vegans with limited options and folks who live or work in the neighbourhood with limited options. But, Planta, I don't have limited options. And I would not chose you again.

The negatives : food is way overpriced. Way. And I'm not someone who needs a plate filled with food to appreciate it's price; I value quality over quantity. But these prices were insane. My aunt, sister and I go out to eat once a month all over Toronto at some real winners, and this was the most expensive meal we've eaten together. This may have been acceptable if not for the service. If you're trying to sell yourself as "fine dining vegan" with "fine dining prices", I want damn fine dining service. 

The service was awful. Misinformed, poorly timed, half assed. Food was way too slow, drinks were way too slow. Bill was...you get the idea. They poured my water and it had a rubber band floating in it, so I let them know, and they brought out cauliflower tots to make amends which in and of itself is fine, but at a restaurant geared towards dietary restrictions, maybe ask before you just randomly bring us a dish? Comp something we end up ordering? It seemed like an amateur way of apologizing (NB I was not upset about the rubber band).

They need to do bathroom checks. Locks didn't work, no toilet paper, dirty and gross. Doesn't fit the brand.

And finally, the food. It was fine. Flock has better salads. Stuff was pretty one note, no complexity of seasoning or flavours. It was shocking how little spice or herbs were used in the dishes. Bland. Boring.

Skip.笑
So good to see such a nice Vegan Plant Based Restaurant in Toronto. A wonderful mix of Vegan Comfort Food and other Vegan dishes that would be considered more on the fine dining side. 
We can't wait to go back and try different dishes. 
Highly recommend this place for both the food and atmosphere.笑
Finally, a fine dining vegetarian experience. Impeccable all around. Ingenious and original menu, and a fabulous wine list. Service is passable. Beautiful interior design. A welcome addition to the Toronto dining scene!笑
We ordered the carrot dog, just to see what the hype was about. I figured it has to be more than just a carrot in a hot dog bun, but tbh it's just a carrot in a hot dog bun. I really wish they didn't advertise vegan food this way, because it seems like a joke. Makes me wonder if they're just cashing in on the veg trend. 

Also had the Habibi salad and the cauliflower tots, which were pretty good. The chocolate dessert looked nice, but nothing special.

The prices were really high, so I don't think I'll be back.笑
The food was very good. We had the dumplings, noodles, quinoa and the avocado cheese cake. 

A few minor things to complain about:
- If you're sitting anywhere near the door, it can be pretty cold despite the curtains.
- Service could be a little faster.
- No surprise here, but prices are pretty high. 

In terms of vegetarian restaurants in Toronto, I still prefer Vegetarian Haven on Baldwin Street.笑
Never in a million years did I think I would enjoy vegan food, but I can't believe how great Planta made their food. Came here with a vegetarian friend and was excited to try something like this after seeing Yelp reviews. The entrance is small and quaint, but once inside, it's beautifully done! Great decor with high ceilings and overall a great vibe to the place. Ordered the cauliflower tots which were AMAZING, a burger, which was juicy, and the Italian job pizza. Out of everything, I think the pizza tasted the most "vegan" to me, but everything was still delicious. Would probably come back here again and recommend even meat lovers to try it at least once. Note: it's not the cheapest place, but you're paying for the experience as well.笑
Really wanted to try Planta for a couple of reasons: It has David Lee (Nota Bene), looks really nice, and concept of all vegetarian/vegan is pretty neat.

I'm glad I made reservations for a Friday lunch because it was busy!!!! Granted it was New Year's Eve lunch and everyone was probably off work, but highly recommend reservations.

Planta has a pretty neat cocktail/wine list with some being organic. 

Food is delish. One thing I really like is how the combination of flavours work well. I had the Thai Salad and it was essentially eating a fresh, deconstructed Spring Roll. YUMMY! My husband had the soup du jour (lentil) yum and for his main, he had the Planta Burger which he said was delish...and filling! You don't miss the meat here at all.

For dessert, we tried the Avocado cheesecake with Lime and while zingy and yummy, nothing to come back here again for.

Overall, I would highly recommend this place for lunch. I'm not sure if I would come back here for dinner, except for drinks and this place really is snazzy. 

Service is efficient, but despite it being busy, our glasses were always filled with water. Yes and Yes!笑
Really de-LISH! I was quite surprised that vegan cuisine could be so yummy, but Planta totally pulls it off! Inventive and creative dishes, and very satisfying, even for a dairy (and sometimes meat) lover like me. On top of this, a decent wine selection which complemented the food nicely. 

The ambience, although cool and modern, I would think would not be everyone's cuppa tea. And the pricing was perhaps a little high (the wine list was definitely overpriced, but most restaurants do tend to mark up their wines)...however there is a lot of skill and labour that goes into vegan cooking, so I expected this to some degree. 

Quick, courteous and attentive service as well, which is always a bonus! At times it felt a bit 'put on' ('yes ma'am, I'll get that right away ma'am') and I wished that our server could've just loosened up, however I get that this is their thing, and that they're trying to set a standard. And given the choice, I would much rather THIS style to the far too familiar apathetic style ( 'cool, no problem') that I get a lot of here in TO. So from this point of view, I really appreciated the service!

I'll say this: everything I bit into that night (frenchie pizza, chickpea fries, habibi salad, brussel sprouts, chocolate mouse) was a delicious and delightful surprise to my mouth, it all felt a little new and exciting...and I really thought that I'd tried everything in the way of vegan cooking (having been a vegetarian for many years and having tried most veg restaurants in the city). So for this reason alone I would highly recommend Planta! Hope this review helps someone!笑
It probably helps that I am from out of town so this place is a real treat. I sort of wish Yelp had more stars for a place like this. I'm a vegetarian and finding a place like this is just a gift from the gods. Not always your typical vegetarian fare, relying on tofu and noodles (which are great, yes) but these guys go for more creativity, more homestyle. We had all kinds: cauliflower bites, kimchi dumplings, "crab" cakes (palm hearts), the Italian pizza, and finished with the chocolate terrarium for dessert (order this, BTW). Also a great selection of cocktails. Decor is fantastic, the staff are clearly really into it and they had an on site DJ spinning tunes. Screw 5 stars. Ten stars!笑
I was so excited to try Planta, especially as a quasi-vegan (i.e. someone who eats minimal meat, no fish, and no dairy).  I went with a party of five last Friday night.  The "large" plates are tiny ... and very pricey (yes, I know it is Yorkville but the "large" mac and "cheese" was $25 and was a normal entree size for one person).  We were under the impression that the items on the menu were intended for sharing but based on my experience, perhaps, only works if you are a small group sharing.  We were seated near the front of the restaurant and it was FREEZING.  Granted, it was an objectively freezing night in Toronto but they need some way to control the cold air from blowing into the restaurant.  They must be cognizant of this issue as they brought as all blankets, which was a nice gesture.  Overall: must try for vegans/vegetarians but likely a huge rip off otherwise.笑
Grabbed a quick lunch while shopping in Yorkville. I was seated at the bar which had a nice feel to it, but in March, every time the door opened it was freezing!! I had to wear my jacket while eating. The people at tables didn't seem to get the same windy air. 
I got the Planta burger which great but super filling. I could only eat half and a few fries before I gave up. As a vegan restaurant, it was nice to have cooked options but wish there were a few healthier cooked options as well rather than a salad I could make at home.笑
So thrilled that Toronto has an upscale plant-based restaurant!  Everything about Planta is perfect - the food, the service and the beautiful environment. Food standouts are the cauliflower tots, pizza and fried rice. Can't wait for my next visit!笑
Nice decor, food was ok, i feel it was too oily for me. There was too much oil on my pizza and you can taste the excessive oil in their fried mushroom, but it is good to give it a try if you like fried veggies and want something to post on your Instagram :)笑
This place reminds me of Sweet Jesus: super instagram-worthy and trendy, unaffordable as an everyday meal, and, after you've gotten over yourself and all the hype, just mediocre.

My best friend and I came at 5:15 for an early dinner (the only reservations they had until 8:45 on a Thursday) and the restaurant was packed within the next half hour. Business was boomin' at Planta! Surely we made a good decision to splurge on dinner here right? Maybe not so. Throughout the course of our meal, we quickly began to question why so many people were eating here, and how every one could afford it. For dinner, we shared:

1. cauliflower tots ($9.75): 
-I'm not a huge fan of cauliflower dishes as they usually turn out bitter and mushy. This was no different, and the dusting of the "truffle parmesan" made it super salty.

2. coconut ceviche ($13.75):
-they served this to us on a white plate, and at first it literally looked like nothing. This dish basically tasted like lime on top some slippery stuff with taco seasoning (reminiscent of the one they use on the tortilla chips at la carnita). I can't believe they charged so much for 3 slices of coconut meat.

3. the Frenchie pizza ($17):
-tasted / looked like someone smeared cream of mushroom soup onto pizza dough
-It turned out to be SUPER salty. I love pizza and was sad I couldn't get myself to finish a second slice.

4. truffle fries ($6.35):
-did not taste the truffle. Maybe they forgot to drizzle the oil onto ours? The "parmesan" was SO salty, but props on the generous and even sprinkling of parmesan onto each fry.

Perhaps it was the combination of dishes we ordered, but I felt Planta left me craving for some real food afterwards (with real cheese!!) I was super sad dinner wasn't as enjoyable as I would've hoped. I had high hopes for planta. For now, I'll be opting out and hitting up fresh, or my new favourite, kupfert and kim for some wholesome vegan/ vegetarian food.笑
Finally went to Planta! The space is absolutely beautiful, such a cute spot with stunning design concepts throughout the restaurant. The place was absolutely packed on a Friday evening so you definitely need to book ahead if you want to dine here. 

Although the prices are quite high for vegan eats, some dishes were worth it. It's ideal to split items here as everything is nicely portioned and shareable. We tried the cauliflower tots, coconut ceviche, special of the day pizza, lime avocado cheesecake, truffle fries and banoffee pie special. Everything was quite tasty and I wasn't missing the meat or cheese. Next time I would definitely try one of their salads, they looked amazing! 

I tried two cocktails. The carrot collins and aloe views (I forget the name). The Collins was very good, not overly powerful carrot juice taste, the tequila was nicely present. The aloe cocktail was $14.25 and what a waste!!! The entire thing was full of crushed ice and some ginger beer. Could barely taste any alcohol in it.  Such a waste of money. Make sure to get a cocktail that is worth the money!! The bourbon one was great, tried a sip of it from my friend. 

Planta is definitely a hot spot. Although some vegans out there might find it a trendy overpriced place, I think it's worth checking out as some of the dishes are really delicious!!笑
I dunno what is up with the whole trending rebranding of veggie foods "plant based". But I do know when you mix well heeled Yorkville luxury with vegan tastes, you get Planta.

You won't encounter any militant vegans here. Actually, in stepping into such a restaurant like this, you won't think you are in a vegan restaurant at all, absorbed in its seductive trendy tropical themed decor that's more upscale hip than earth hugging hippie. Don't worry though, you don't have to eat the whole place to feel full.

Maybe the goal of this Chase Hospitality Group venture is to make you forget that every bite served is all free of meat and dairy products, or plant based, or whatever the catchword of the day is, and thus rethink what vegan-type food can be. Their salads aren't some thrown together greens; they're well crafted and thoughtfully flavoured, and surprisingly filling. The Habibi Salad had a good spicy ting from the sumac coming off of those falafel ball things.

The Planta Burger ($18.95) is a bit nuts. I recall asking what the patty was made of, and remember hearing things like black beans, lentils, beets, and I think quinoa also. Whatever, the patty was a hefty inch thick, the overall burger small but tall. The patty itself had a earthy and mushy bean texture. But the salsa of chopped peppers topping made the burger unstable and fall apart easily. There's another kick of spicy hotness from that salsa thought. The burger comes with an healthy serving of fries, specially coated to give off a strong lingering BBQ chips aroma that just sticks to ya.

Planta is a fine dining rendition of herbivore cuisine, but it will cost you an arm and maybe a leg to try (that veggie Burger was more than most fancy gourmet beef-based burgers I can recall eating). The service was on point, as one would expect of such an upscale place. You should make a reservation, despite the size of the place it's hefty busy. Washrooms are located in the upstairs mezzanine. Watch out for the built in DJ table.

{TTC: next door to Bay subway station, Cumberland Terrace (northbound buses) entrance}笑
Been wanting to try Planta for a long time after hearing from friends and seeing online.  We aren't vegetarian or vegan.  I'd tried the famous cauliflower taters at the Interior Design Show and they were great.  Dining in we tried the watermelon poke and coconut ceviche to start.  Both were pretty good to start with.  I got crab cakes they were nice but had a lot of dill or some herb on top.  My husband got the hot pot but he didn't really enjoy it.  The bok choy pieces were humongous.  My friend got the Frenchie Pizza But she didn't like the sauce we weren't sure what it is.  We got our daughter the Italian Job and it came out really late compared to the other food.  The pizza was tasty.  We also got cold pressed juices which were good.  It was quite pricey for what it is but hey it's the location and vibe.  The burger next to us looked good.  Maybe I'll go back to try but my husband said he doesn't want to go back lol.笑
Nice all-vegan dishes, amazing decor, with a steeper price tag for the quality.

If you're thinking of coming here, make a reservation to avoid the wait! 

My friend and I came by on a weekday for lunch with a reservation. Walking in, I was stunned by the decor, definitely not your typical IKEA sets. The two of us were seated in one of the big comfy couches. The best way to order would be to share these dishes - there's so many and they all look so good! 

Watermelon Poke $13.25 - First appetizer we shared. Plating was super instagram-worthy and the dish itself was very impressive. It was refreshing with watermelon, avocado, and soy sauce. A bit of a steeper price but good quality.

Cauliflower Tots $9.75 - Probably my fave dish. Mainly as I love all things deep-fried. They're like little deep-fried cauliflower balls of goodness, topped with some nut cream. 

The Frenchie $17 - This was my least fave dish which was disappointing as the one thing I love more than deep-fried is pizza. Be ready to have mushroom soup on a pizza. It was soggy and salty. 

Although I loved the service and decor, the food was only good, minus the Frenchie, not mind-blowing for the price. For this, I gave Planta 3 stars. 

What the restaurant stands for though, sustainability, is one of the things that might warrant another visit. There were some dishes I definitely give a try as well and it doesn't hurt to try another pizza.笑
I'm torn, 3 or 4 stars. The atmosphere is fun and trendy (I really respect that they're trying to make a vegan restaurant a popular hangout) and the service is friendly and attentive. What I ended up ordering was also pretty tasty, the kale ceasar and the frenchie pizza. They both tasted creamy and cheesy and delicious, despite their fresher vegan origins. It was nice to enjoy a rich tasting meal without feeling weighed down afterward. I guess my only issues come in with two things. First, their menu is confusing, it lists things like bacon and parmesan etc. I had to ask the server what they actually were made of. I know it can be lengthy on a menu but I think a lot of people would appreciate full explanations of what they're eating. Especially with a place like this where "cheeses" and "meats" are composed of other items. Second, their menu has A LOT of coriander on it. And apparently it cannot be taken off. I know for a fact I'm not the only person who doesn't like the plant, even the server mentioned they get the request to take it off a lot. So please Planta, figure this out. I would try many more of your items if the coriander could be removed. All in all, lovely place and I'm sure I'll go again but Fresh and Urban Herbivore still take the vegan cake for me.笑
Really good food, I mean really good. Interesting, creative and different flavours. They type of thing one used to expect at fine dining an experience you'd never had before but except fine dining doesn't seem to do that anymore; planta takes your taste buds on holidays to somewhere far flung, exotic where you don't knowing what to expect around the next corner. This restaurant is one of Toronto's best.笑
I love that with Planta, the focus is on delicious food, it just happens to be plant-based. 
We had the Cauliflower Tots, Fried Kimchi Dumplings, 18 Carrot Dog, and Macaroni Bolognese. Everything was delicious, but in terms of uniqueness, the Cauliflower Tots and 18 Carrot Dog were definite standouts. 

The carrot in the Carrot Dog has this intense, smokey flavour that was absolutely amazing. The mustard and pickles help to cut the flavour a bit. 

The cauliflower tots tasted like they had a lot of depth to them, and we had to try not to devour them too quickly.

I've heard people criticize that there's too much effort to imitate "meaty" flavours, and there are things that kind of throw you off initially, like "Crab Cakes" and "chicken fried oyster mushrooms". But I feel like what its really borrowing is the heartiness of dishes traditionally associated with meat, it's not like it's trying to hide vegetables in meat texture. Flavour wise, two thumbs up from my vegetarian friend!

Portion sizes are on the smaller side, but not a big surprise, given the location and origins of the restaurant. 

Atmosphere is great, while the entrance looks small, it is deceptively spacious inside. Will be coming back!笑
Overall experience: 9/10
Food: 9/10
Atmosphere: 10/10
Service: 8/10

Love love loved this place. If you are the kind of person who thinks of vegan food as bland and uninspired, Planta is sure to kick that right out of you! 

The food here is inspiring and damn good. Dishes meant to be hot actually come out piping hot. The thai noodle salad is wonderful and I was instantly obsessed with the chocolate terrarium dessert.

Service is fine/good. They are friendly and efficient. 

And from the photos, you can tell that this place is also a feast for the eyes!

The only reason it isn't a 5/5 is the value. I don't mind paying these prices but you could most likely venture out into the city and find a better bang for your buck.

THE BOTTOM LINE: fantastic food, atmosphere and good service. Definitely worth a try.笑
Went here for brunch and for lunch. To be honest the food has been fantastic but the atmosphere and service are a tad weird. 

The restaurant seems almost like they are trying too hard and being a bit too pretentious. Also during brunch, the same waiter didn't come back to our table, it was someone new each and every time which was annoying.

For brunch, I had the quinoa parfait with almond cream, berries and granola, which was delicious. Also had the best dairy free chai latte I've ever had, though it was pricey.

For lunch I had the special which was a raw zucchini pad Thai. It was very good, but I wish it had some heartier vegetables with it. 

Would come back for an occasion but it's quite expensive for what you get.笑
The decor is absolutely beautiful. Such a nice place to grab a green juice (or cocktail) after work. The vybe is chic and the service is wonderful.

The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is that for such a wonderful place with very pricey meals, the food is just good, not spectacular. The menu is creative and I did enjoy my juice and salad however I had very high expectations of this place and I can definitely say I've had much better vegan food at other places. 
That being said, I may have a bias as a lifelong-vegetarian and someone who has tried a lot of healthy eats. For someone who may not venture off into the vegan world that often, this may be a great spot to start off. And it's definitely a hot spot in the city that you should at least try out. Who knows, I might give it a second shot.笑
Been here a few times and the food and service has been exceptional every time. Each time I've made reservations and glad I did since the place fills up quickly during peak hours. Must try the lettuce wraps, kimchi fried rice and chocolate terrarium!笑
Great vegan food! I don't usually like vegan food but this place wowed me!
The atmosphere is very vibrant and it felt very refreshing! The waiters are all over the place. I found it odd that we had 3 different servers coming at our table hence why they missed one of our orders...笑
This is a great place to eat. Fast courteous service. The entire staff is very polite and reservations are recommended as it seems to be very full when I've been there.笑
Planta is a blessed place, everyone is lovely, the air smells amazing, the cups & silverware are fun and the water has a hint of lemon. The food hurts. Got 'the frenchie' pizza which was OK, barely had any cheese. Too doughy, decently cooked on parts. Kimchi dumplings were best dish, served with an excellent soy-based sauce. Queso dip had lots of fresh notes and hints of lemon on steamed/pickled veggies; no queso. Tortilla chips (corn) were pretty nice and fresh, maybe a tad over-seasoned. 
The menu lists things like 'bacon' and 'mylk', I found this structurally problematic, call it what it is, there are plenty of good vegan ingredients, be transparent! 

I wanted this place to taste a lot better than it did, really nice place to be, located in one of the best neighborhoods on the globe.笑
One of the best plant based vegan meals I've had in a long time. Creative menu. Incredible service. Our waitress was informative and could give us tons of info on food. The atmosphere was beautiful. Nicely done. Can't wait to go back. This could very well be a regular spot for me. :-)笑
Planta earns a solid *5* stars from me, hitting all the right notes for an evening out. The interior is beautiful (major kudos to the design team), the food measures up, and the service is what one should expect from a fine dining establishment. And make no mistake about it. Planta IS a (plant-based) restaurant with "fine dining" written all over it.

Our table ordered tapas style, and we were happy we did, as it gave us an opportunity to taste test several menu items. We started with the Truffle Fries (to die for), continued with the Queso Dip (also very good, though on the heavier side), then moved onto "The Italian Job" pizza (recommended), and finally the Keylime Cheescake, which was a light and refreshing end to the meal. We were two women, and found that we could have likely done without one of the dishes (likely the dip). Don't be be fooled by the vegetarian menu. I was unbuttoning my pants by dessert...

On a side note, we did encounter one slight glitch with our order, but found that it was rectified quickly and professionally.

Word to the wise: Make reservations, especially on the weekends. We walked into Planta at 5:00pm on a Sunday, and almost couldn't get a table. Based on this, I imagine this place fills up quickly on any given night.笑
Decor was amazing. Service was good. The food was unfortunately very underwhelming. The coconut ceviche had 3-4 small pieces of shaved coconut, 3 very thin slices of avocado, a few tbsps of coconut milk and 4-5 chips. The dish lacked depth like salt or citrus. Was not impressed with the $14 price tag for such a small dish. I had the burger as my main and my husband had the bianco pizza. I felt like both of these were just alright. Both could have used more salt or something extra to take it to the next level. We had to ask for more chili oil for the pizza. I might return with friends that want to try it but my husband for sure will never go back.笑
Tried Planta last Saturday night.  A friend and I split a pizza (one of the daily specials) and the el jefe salad. Both were very good although not mind-blowingly amazing. Pizza was on the small side (flatbread-style) but salad was a very good-sized portion. 

Interior of the restaurant is beautiful. There was a good dj playing (really fun remixes and mashups), service was good, and value was decent for Yorkville. I'll definitely go back.笑
Just had my first experience at Planta & it was incredible. I'm not a vegetarian nor vegan, but the food was delicious. Don't let this deter you from coming here.

My boyfriend & I shared 3 dishes. To start we had the watermelon poke. This was refreshing, tasty & had a nice kick to it. 

The second dish we had was the Harvest salad. The mixture of ingredients was great. The portion size was perfect for the two of us to share.

For dessert we had the chocolate terrarium. This was by far my favourite part of our meal. It was flavourful & decadent, without being too sweet.

To drink I had the Brickhouse cider. This was great to pair with the salad. My boyfriend had the 'Rise & Shine' juice, which he really enjoyed. We also got coconut milk lattes with our dessert. These were generous drinks, but perfect to end our meal. Throughout the night they refilled out glasses with cucumber/mint water which was a nice touch.

It's also worth mentioning the decor. It's absolutely gorgeous. I really loved the black & rose gold accents. 

Overall, I will definitely be returning. From the friendly service to the amazing food, it was definitely memorable. Nice to see an upscale plant based restaurant in Toronto.笑
Welcome! 

I am not a vegetarian, but come from a family with a vegetarian sister and two pescatarian parents. Luckily, they're all pretty flexible, but they would LOVE this place. Finally, a veg-focused restaurant that goes beyond Bowls. 

Now, I've gone for dinner and brunch. For dinner, the ambiance was wonderful. Low lights- you could have a great date here or a fetching business dinner.  Brunch is as you'd expect, light and bright. I found service to be a little stronger at dinner than brunch, where the attention was pretty erratic. 

Standouts! At dinner, I loved the mac and cheese. It didn't taste vegan, so it's really impressive to have a comfort food dish like this where you have no idea cheese in missing. I also appreciated the coconut ceviche. The flavours were exactly the same as a fish ceviche, ripe with lime, but there's no mistaking the coconut freshness. And while you're at it, try out some of the cold press juice-filled cocktails. 

At brunch, I really just devoured the cauliflower tots. A squirt of lemon made these little bites sing, and they also were mysteriously cheesy. Brunch as meal can be very vegan-friendly, so there were less surprises here. I also really liked the potato hash, which brings patatas bravas from Spain to mind. 

Give fancy veganness a try!笑
After trying to plan to go to Planta since they opened, I've now been twice in the past week. I'm vegetarian, and generally don't prefer to eat vegan (I love cheese!), but the first time I went with a friend who is vegan, and the second time with a carnivore. Both times everyone was very happy with their food. Firstly, as someone who is used to only having a few options to eat, it can feel overwhelming (in a good way) to be able to eat everything on the menu. However, I think the some dishes definitely were better than others. Between the two visits I tried: cauliflower tots, truffle fries, lettuce wraps, crab cakes, coconut ceviche, Bianca pizza and Habibi salad. The standouts for me were the ceviche, crab cakes and Bianca. 

Everyone raves about the califlower tots and they were certainly tasty, but I feel like I expected them to be; truffle fries were also great, but really, I have rarely met a fry I don't like, so again didn't blow me away. Lettuce wraps and Habibi - both of my friends ordered these and I shared a bit - I don't think either of them hugely enjoyed them, although they were far from bad. In both cases I think I lucked out with my orders of crab cakes and Bianca pizza as I loved them. With the pizza my friend said she preferred it better than her main (Habibi). I've never eaten crab, so I have no idea how the cakes compare to the "real" thing, but the flavours were awesome. The Bianca pizza was super creamy (allowing me to forget it was vegan!) and given the portion size and price ($17) definitely best bang for your buck. I really enjoyed the coconut ceviche as well for the flavour, but my friend was less of a fan and I think for almost $14 the portion size is pretty small. Overall, I'd definitely go back and I'm glad I've tried so many things on the menu because I know which ones I'd veer towards again.笑
The place is very fancy and morden. A lot of natural light, makes the atmosphere welcoming and soothing. The service is great. In terms of food, I was hoping to be converted to be a vegetarian when I step out, but it didn't happen. I think the chef tried too hard to brand vegan food as a cool thing, or at least set the expectation bar very high. Almost every dish on the menu is bragging about how many ingredients they are made of - of course would be a good thing if the combination makes sense. The cauliflower tots taste like mashed potatoes to me. The watermelon poke was... disappointing - no clue of watermelon taste but overshadowed by avocado and random rice chip. The frenchie pizza absolutely failed to please any of us - the sauce-like thing either made from eggplant or squash made the texture very uncomfortable on a pizza, almost feels like some kind of puke (sorry but that's how I feel). The harvest salad was ok. The truffle fries was my favorite dish out of the above, but the potato wedges from Tim Horton's will do the magic to me just fine.笑
A beautiful, airy restaurant with a casual vibe. I found each of the food items was imaginative and inspired. 

As a group of 4 we ordered the watermelon poke, fried kimchi dumplings, Thai noodle salad, chicken fried mushrooms, and Frenchie pizza. Definite favorites were the Thai noodle salad and chicken fried mushrooms. 

The Thai noodle salad was complex. I enjoyed the freshness of the papaya, carrots, mango with the crunchy puffed rice and cashews. The chicken fried mushrooms paired well with the chili sauce. 

The watermelon poke was interesting to try and was pretty remarkable for it's tuna-like consistency and taste. 

Probably would not order the Frenchie pizza again. While nothing was particularly bad per se, it didn't wow anyone at the table and was pretty forgettable.