Very good key lime pie.  We stopped by after lunch at Humble Pie next door.  We were too full for desert so took it home for later.  I am holding back a star because the service could have been warmer and the pie a little less sweet.  The pie did have a good strong key lime flavor, just a bit too sweet in my opinion.  But I loved the crust!  It had a little bit if unexpected spice added which was a great addition.  It was all good enough that I would go back again.笑
Stopped into this cute little place to purchase a pie to share at Thanksgiving. Though there was only one other couple in the place the energy was chaotic...now granted they were cranking out a lot of holiday pies but the girl at the counter did not even know the types of pies in case and seemed pretty clueless. Since they were out of many pies on the day I stopped by I was told that if I returned at 7:00 AM the next morning ( today) they would have extra pies that did not have to be pre- ordered. My husband headed down there today stood outside the door and was greeted at 7:05 by another clueless employee who had no idea what was going on but said that if you did not pre- order there were no pies available. My hubby was not too happy needless to say. Need to get it together and make sure all of your employees are on the same page and educated in your product!笑
I called and ordered a lemon meringue pie to be picked up the next day and overall had a great experience. Ordering was quick and easy. This was the first time I had ever been to The Pie Hole and I was not disappointed. The restaurant was adorable and the girl at the counter was very nice. I was able to pay and pick up the pie very quickly. Also the lemon pie was amazing! I will be returning soon to try all the other the flavors. Definitely can't beat the late hours!笑
Cool neighborhood place with breakfast food and pot pies, Shepard pies, coffee bar cold brews... I like wholesome baked goods compared to any store bought junk... But homemade pies from any family member has you beat....Ok pie hole is the next best thing for me. I like coconut creme pie because I think there is no condensed milk or something?? I have had this type of pie for years and have never tasted one so wholesome and really good :) very natural and yummy. Thanks guys笑
It's taken me at least a week to finish this review.  I'm at a loss on what to say about Mamma Toledo's pies that will do them justice...they're just that freakin tasty!!  I think Tonya puts crack in her pies! Tasty Tasty Crack Pie.    

Other than my grandma, my mom, and myself - every other pie and pie crust I've had has fallen short.  Tender and flaky.  That's what a traditional pie crust should be like.  And the pies you purchase from Mamma Toledo's are just that - T&F!  

(looks around for Alton Brown's Tender and Flaky boxing puppets) 

The fruit pies - I heat them up in the toaster oven for about 7 minutes.  The cheese and cream pies...eat'em cold..DUH!  ;)

CRACK PIE!!!笑
This place is heaven. Ice cream, pie, and savory pie?? Yes. YES. Very friendly staff and adorable decor. Try the pork green chili hand pie.笑
This is the best place for pie i fell in love with this place it is so good 

I had a birthday party in April I ordered ahead I ordered 5 pies they were all delicious 

Banana cream
Coconut cream
Orange cream
Blueberry cheesecake 

It is all so good the staff here is so friendly thank you so much

Mamma Toledos keep up the great work笑
I had heard about this place a few months ago and have been wanting to try it. Because what's not great about a pie shop. Anyway, so it's my birthday and I go over after work to pick up some dessert and they were out of several things I had wanted to try. In addition, I went to use the bathroom and there was only one bathroom. Plus it had a weird smell and it didn't seem very clean. When I went to go pick out my pies (I like that they had small pies), they didn't have a variety of large pies  (I would have rather paid for a slice rather than a whole tiny pie). The girl who was serving me seemed pleasant but the register was frustrating. It was one of those apple pay iPad things. My card was tried 4 times before it worked and they couldn't even print outy receipt so now I have to dig through my email to find that for my records. Over all the store was clean but still seemed dirty and the construction next door didn't give the place a better feeling. In fact i felt like I was in some broken down food place that shouldn't have been kept open but just barely passed the health code. When I actually tasted the pie, the crust was good on both that i bought but I'm going for healthy living and gobs of heavy cream on top isn't my idea of a pie. Also the peanut butter cream of one of them was so bland that i had to eat the cream on top with it. Plus i paid way too much and I didn't get a discount for it being my birthday. Not likely to recommend or return. I can make a better pie for much cheaper and it tastes better and it's healthier. Who says pie can't be good for you? mama Toledo's pie hole...two thumbs down.笑
A great place but they sell out quick.  2 out of 5 visits they are out of savory pies by 5:00.  I guess the encouragement is to order them in advance.  Delicious tho.笑
Got their chocolate cream pie, the filling was very yummy! The crust wasn't amazing but it did the job. $5.50 for a mini pie that can be shared and saved for later. Looking forward to trying the key lime pie next time!笑
Excellent chocolate peanut butter pie!! I planned to eat only half, but I  ate the entire thing!!笑
I have passed by this little place on 7th St. dozens of times and finally decided to stop in after having dinner last night.  Its a charming little space, with comfortable atmosphere and seating areas.  The pies on display are limited to a few of the most popular varieties, but the menu board shows endless possibilities for special orders (with only a few hours notice no less).  I am a big fan of cream pies so I ordered the chocolate cream.  At $3.95/slice I was expecting a larger piece but it was not what I would call "skimpy" either.  The taste was delicious....not overly sweet like some cream pies can be.  I detest merengue topping and this pie had a delectable cream frosting on it.  The crust was flaky and solid as it should be.  I devoured the slice in no time and had a brief conversation with the owner about the menu....she was very enthusiastic about her product.  I will definitely return to this place and plan to order one of the special menu offerings like the Whiskey Pecan Pie!!  If your in the neighborhood and are a pie lover then this is the place for you!!笑
This is the other reason why I would go back to Food Truck Friday (see review for torched goodness). I have gone here two times and LOVE IT. I always take two home for my father in-law and he agrees. I like to get the peanut butter one and the cheese cake one was delicious too. This should be your second stop at Food Truck Friday, if not they will be sold out.笑
Got 3 pies through UberEats. Banana Creme, Triple Chocolate and the Green Chili Pork. As many others have reported, their crust is bland and tasteless. The green chili pork filling was also flavorless and looked unappetizing (looked like cat food). We gave it to our dog. Sadly, we won't be eating here again. Add salt to your food! Please!笑
My father's birthday is this month and he's visiting from the northeast.  I called to see if they had a strawberry-rhibarb, the pie that was in season when he was growing up. Tonya answered the phone and was able to bake the pie and have it ready that afternoon!

We brought the pie to a local restaurant to enjoy after a meal. Not only did my kids love their first taste of a strawberry-rhubarb's tangy- sweetness of the fruit with the crunchy sweet crumble topping, but we offered a few pieces to the waitstaff.  They had never had a strawberry rhubarb and loved it! Yum!笑
So I am three food trucks into my binge and I'm full, but I want to be like the people on the shows and try everything.  Even though I have been splitting the food with a friend it's been a long night.  Lucky Mamma Toledo's has mini-pies, its mini and it's pie so I figure I will take a closer look.  As I walk up to the truck I notice the comely woman working the truck is the sexy pinup girl on the logo.  How cool is that!  

Tonya is supper nice and she sells pie (seems like a recipe for a happy life).  Anyway we asked her about the pies and she recommended the raspberry cheesecake without hesitation.  It turns out raspberry pie filling is very meaningful to Tonya.  To be thorough we also tried the coconut cream pie. Unfortunately it was also mini so I will have to try the full sizes of each to complete this review...笑
Came in to try the pie and we will definitely be back - and we will probably order some pies to take home for a holiday party too. The French Silk was especially good. The chocolate mousse filling was excellent. The fruit pies available in the case had crumble topping so were a little too sweet for my taste but, again, the fruit filling was very good. My one complaint is that I wish they had a bit more selection available for people who drop in for a piece. But, otherwise, I highly recommend this place. So nice to see a local pie shop in town!笑
My sister and I stumbled upon The Pie Hole over the summer. We each had a savory pie: mine had sun dried tomato, feta and another ingredient which escapes my mind right now. The crust was very good. The inside of the pie had great flavor, but the pie needed WAY more filling. 

I decided to take a chance and preorder an apple pie for Thanksgiving. The pie was very good. Buttery, flaky crust with a sweet cinnamony apple filling. My husband liked the fact that the filling was not syrupy sweet. I'm going to order a peach pie for Christmas. I'm sure it'll be just as good if not better than the apple. 

I like to support local businesses especially those owned and run by women so I'll tell everyone I know to check out The Pie Hole.笑
Delicious pies, excellent service! Mini pies, whole pies, and pie slices ready to eat in or take to go(cream pies, cheese cake, fruit pies). They also offered breakfast and brunch options: waffles, omelettes, etc. Cortez Coffee is served, bold and flavorful.

We ordered a large iced coffee, and two mini pies: banana cream and chocolate cream. Both were delicious, but the banana cream was a big hit!笑
Love in a pie crust!!  

The quality and care she takes in her offerings definitely shines through.  While I do have a few must have favorites, I always try to try something new on her menu.  But it is REALLLLY hard for me to get beyond her Key Lime Pie (the decadent crust is like nothing I have ever had with other key limes), her eclairs (the perfectly sweetened REAL creamy custard filling topped with a dark chocolate ganache) or any of her fruit topped cream cheese pies....

Oh I love Mamma Toledo's sooo much I usually find myself running past her truck just so I am not tempted to stop EVERY time I see her.  But then again there are times I will go out of my way to drive where she is stationed after she announces on Facebook that she has eclairs that day. 

Mmmmmm.....Mamma Toledo's!!!笑
I really was looking forward to a great pie after reading the YELP reviews. Somewhat of a disappointment. Not a lot of sweet pie choices in the case unless you pre-order according to the clerk who didn't seem too friendly when I asked about the pie selection. I choose the banana cream mini pie. The crust lacked any sweetness and was too much crust. Pudding filling didn't seem fresh and bananas under pudding had browned already. Really can't give this place a good review.笑
I like her coconut cream pie and chocolate cream pie, although the crust is not my favorite - a little too thick and crumbly. It's not expensive, but I wouldn't go so far as to say it's a "great value" like another reviewer did. I feel like at most restaurants you can order a dessert for $6-8 that will feed at least two people. The pies you get here are $5 and definitely would only feed one person.  I get full very quickly, but even I can eat a whole pie here.  Plus, I usually see this food truck at lunch at the Phoenix Public Market, and I'm just not in the mood to spend $5 on dessert at lunchtime.笑
Great homey vibe! I had an omelette and shared the waffles for breakfast.  So so good!  Then I also shared two pieces of pie with my husband.  The Dreamcicle pie is a must!笑
Green chile apple! Everything about this pie is perfection: the mix of sweet and savory and spicy in a heavenly crust. Everything I have had so far from Mama Toledo's is lovely and so well executed, the chocolate cream, coconut cream and the key lime.   But after having the green chile apple on a whim, no other pie ever will match up. So happy they moved to the best restaurant neighborhood in Phoenix!笑
Good Pie and a good crust but 8 dollars for 2 scrawny slices of pie is ridiculous. How about a larger slice of pie. Also no decaf lattes and no soy or almond milk. Had to take our slices out and buy the lattes elsewhere. Slices should be more than 2 bites and bring on some decaf with almond or soy and I will return.笑
I had the savory chicken pot pie for lunch with a slice of apple pie and a latte. Don't judge, I'm pregnant :) All were super delicious! This is a must if you are in central/downtown phoenix. A simple and yummy slice of heaven!笑
We visited yesterday for the first time and our selections were delicious. We ordered raspberry cheesecake and key lime pie. We plan to go back to try other products. Perfect place that satisfied Mr cheesecake craving!笑
Was at a Food Truck event two months ago and got a mini peach pie from the Mama Toledo truck.  It was almost all pie crust with VERY little filling.  I was disappointed with the lack of  flavor of both the filling (not very sweet or "peachy")  and the crust (not flaky or tasty).  Maybe all the fruit mini pies, because of the small size, are 90% dough and 10% fruit but they should still taste food!  Now that they have opened near me, I may give them another try but will go with one of the cream based pies.  No more peach for me.笑
Upon entering the pie hole there was the definitive smell of sewer. It was pretty off putting. The pie however was just ok at best. With all the hype one would expect outstanding pie but it's just not the case. Love the business cards dislike the pie.笑
I will admit I'm not much of a pie person unless it's pecan pie. However, Mama Toledo's has won me over. On three separate occasions, we've tried the chocolate pie, the coconut pie, and the pumpkin cheesecake. All were delicious! The crust is flaky and good, which is high praise coming from a gal who doesn't like crust. The husband, who loves crust, agrees it's really good. I really enjoyed that the pies tasted super fresh. They are also reasonably priced for a quick and tasty dessert. Definitely something to check out if you are ever given the chance!笑
I'm not typically a sweets eater. I usually prefer savory to sweet, I'd rather have dinner than dessert any day. I crave pie maybe once a year, and today was that yearly occurrence. 

I've been wanting to try Mamma Toledo's ever since I had brunch at Short Leash about a week ago. My friend and I were having serious sweet tooth cravings so off we went in pursuit of pie. 

I find it to be slightly odd that Mamma Toledo's is located inside of the short leash restaurant, and that hasn't really been touched on very much in other reviews. When I called to see if Mamma Toledo's was open before heading out, no one answered. We took a risk and headed down anyway. 

There were so many delicious options, it was mind blowing. We almost went home with four different varieties. We settled on two, apple crumble and chocolate cherry creme respectively. Although, I think we both wish that we had taken home a brown sugar peach and a pecan as well. If only Mamma Toledo's served pie by the bite. What a wonderful world that would be. I'm sincerely concerned about becoming a Type II Diabetic with Mamma's being so nearby. 

Mamma, please consider selling pie by the bite, my waistline and taste buds would be appreciative. I can't wait to go back, Mamma Toledo's may have created a pie-eating monster.笑
We had an emergency run for pies for a birthday and this place delivered!  We loved the chocolate creme pie!  We also got a key lime personal/small pie which was awesome... And a chocolate peanut butter which although was good we wished it had option without nuts on top...but maybe that's their special order we need to explore..my mom complained about prices.. But overall we loved it!笑
Really delicious pie! We loved the pecan and the peach! (The apple was okay.) Its nice to be able to buy pie by the slice! That way everyone can get what they want. However, I would definitely not hesitate to order whole pies from here for special occasions.笑
Mango, chili, lime, oh my! This pie is awesome. The first bite is strange as it's spicy, yet rich and tart. Go past the first bite and you'll be back for more (if you can handle the spice!). 

I enjoy Mama Toledo's!笑
I really wanted to love this place, I order pies for the holiday every year from a different place for fun. The gals were nice but unfortunately the pumpkin pie was the worst I have ever had. There was absolutely no taste...it just tasted like the can pumpkin with no sugar or anything added to it. The crust was also super bland, and I'm not picky on pumpkin pie, I've never had one that I couldn't eat but this one I could only force a few bites with extra cool whip, and then just had to throw it away. The apple pie was edible, the Apple filling was good, but with the bland crust it just wasn't worth the calories, I am sorry to say but I had my husband run to the store for a pie to have at home for family, everyone agreed pumpkin had no flavor and apple was OK but not worth the money. Again I am sorry for this review, maybe she just skipped something in my pie?? Just stunk pie is my favorite part of the meal and this was a huge disappointment.笑
I am so happy they moved a little more north...closer to home.

I am really enjoying they new pot pies, creating a all in one restaurant instead of just a dessert place.

My faves right now is the chicken pot pie and the key lime pie.笑
I have had Mamma's pie when she was located at Short Leash, they are good and I will probably go there again. I went there at 2pm on pie day and they were out of pie. Really? How do you not plan for this? Girl behind counter said come back later, that they are trying to restock. I am with a 6 year old princess who wants pie on pie day!笑
Went in on a Saturday night.  Only had a few pies, eclairs, & raspberry cheesecakes.  Since 5 of the pies were apple date (gross), I got the chocolate cream.  Husband got an eclair.  Not impressed with taste or selection.   The cream on the pie tasted like sugarless whipped cream.  Chocolate tasted too cocoa powderish.  Crust had a thin waxy taste.  Only had a few bites.  Eclair was okay.  Wouldn't go back.笑
Yum! Normally I'm not big on cakes or pies.. But these are delicious! I've had the coconut cream and cheesecake! They also offer "cup size" pies! Perfect for a little treat!笑
Tried this place for the first time tonight. I really enjoyed the key lime pie's creaminess and the crust was awesome. The blueberry fruit pie I got for my wife had a good crust but the filling itself was average. I might return to this shop to try some of the other pies but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.笑
We stopped here after a bit of an adventure, searching for pie that was worth it and we were NOT disappointed! The atmosphere is sweet and eclectic, and Mamma Toledo was warm and enthusiastic. We chose a key lime mini, triple chocolate mini, and banana cream mini, along with slices of cherry and peach brown sugar. I promise you, you cannot eat this pie without making audible noises of satisfaction!! Rich flavors, creamy goodness (where applicable), and delectable crusts. Please visit The Pie Hole ASAP, you won't be disappointed!!笑
Adorable. Just plain cozy and cute.

What's red and black and delicious all over? Pie Hole!

The retro-inspired bakery of your diabetic, I-miss-Pushing-Daisies dreams.

And hey - it's pretty close off the highway, not far from the Science Center, it's affordable, and they make some darn tootin' good espresso drinks. Keep your eyes pealed as you're driving along 7th - it's a bright rectangular sign among many bright rectangular signs.

I admit their specialty drinks listed sound like a cavity in a cup but a simple latte was a pleasurable experience. Seating is varied and accommodating to eating, drinking, and hanging out and there are board games on a stand if you stay awhile. And you should - that banana creme or strawberry rhubarb!笑
Eh. I don't like leaving poor reviews, but I take dessert very seriously. 
Positives first: service was lovely- the girl working the counter was very pleasant and helpful. The place was completely empty (6:30 pm on a Thursday) when I came in, but the shop is really cute. Nice display, Pies looked very appetizing. 
Negatives: I had the mixed berry pie & a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The pie filling is yummy- both tart & sweet. The crust is really lacking. Poor texture, no flavor... bummer. The ice cream is poor quality generic vanilla. Invest in a good creamy vanilla bean, guys!! Price wasn't terrible but the pie slice was quite small. I paid $7 total for my little piece of pie and a single scoop of ice cream. 
Not terrible for a quick dessert; but I'll continue my search for great Phx pie.笑
I first tried the chocolate coconut cup pie at the Street Eats Food Truck Festival & thought it was pretty good but was missing the more crust. Today I made it down to food truck Friday on the perfect winter day. I had the 5 in. banana cream pie & found the crust I was looking for & LOVED it. Completely worth the calorie splurge. Mmmmm mmmmm mmmmmmmm good.笑
My kids and I were out doing Christmas stuff and we were craving pie and hot chocolate and hoping for a cool place to hang out. I had seen great reviews for this place so I was excited to bring them in. All I can say is that the experience was just ok. They didn't have cherry pie which is my favorite so I went for the banana cream pie. The filling was pretty good but I wasn't impressed with the crust. My daughter had the chocolate cream. Same thing. The filling was good but the crust was meh... The girl behind the counter was nice but she seemed irritated and in a hurry to get back into the back of the building too. I don't think I'll go back.笑
Fantastic in every sense of the word! Homemade pie doesn't get any better than this! Great location with friendly staff. Kept impeccably clean and neat. Try their chocolate cream for sure!笑
This bakery gets my highest recommendation. We were visiting from out of town and I emailed Tonya a few days ahead of time to order a lemon meringue pie. She was delightful to work with and communication was outstanding! The pie was ready as promised and it was amazing! Thank you Tonya. We will be back!笑
No reviews?! For shame, Phoenix!!

Mamma Toledo's is wonderful. I can sit here all day and make jokes about loving her pie, but I'm going to try to be mature. That being said, I love her pie. The key lime is my absolute favorite so far, and I've gotten it the past two times that I've seen her; love, love, love it!

Mamma herself is wonderful as well! She's a fun and beautiful woman (that's her on her truck, people), and my girlfriend makes fun of me a lot for my shameless crush on her. What can I say...? I know an awesome lady when I see her, and the fact that she's one hell of a baker...? Oh my!

Now, since she sells out of pies all the time, I know she's getting business. BUT, she deserves more, dammit! Go eat some pie!笑
Driving around wanting something sweet and do it locally. We've been here once before and very happy with the pies and service and so we came back. Once again DELISH!! We had the chocolate cream pie and the banana cream pie and we ate ALL of it. One day I'll catch the cherry pie but these were very tasty.笑
I really did not think these pies were anything to write home about. Maybe her full size pies and cupcakes are better. Tonight at the Neil Gaiman event I purchased a cup of pie, peanut butter and chocolate pudding and a Coconut Cream crusted mini pie. They both tasted store bought to me. I actually felt sick after eating one and ended up throwing half the pie away. Oh well. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing or maybe it was just too hot and my taste buds were off. Like Mia says, I did not like the crust either. Too hard for me. I am picky about baked goods being from NY and having homemade pie makers in my family and as good friends. Meh!  

However, the lady is very nice so three stars. She was packed and still managed to serve with a smile. Sorry to the pie lady who probably did not know 1,000 people were going to descend on her. lol Also, her website and marketing ploy/ads are hilarious and genius. I love funny!笑
Excellent pie and the owner is great! They also have Thrifty ice cream which my kids love!笑
What do you do when you want something sweet? You go to The Pie Hole and pick either 1. an entire pie, 2. a slice of pie, 3. a mini pie. Or if you want something savory, there's a few options available!

Chocolate pie is awesome. Crust is great, and the filling is so creamy and smooth. Whipped cream isn't too sweet, which is great to balance out the super sweetness of the chocolate center.

I really want to try, oh say, every other type of pie they have. I will be back.笑
This place is a total find! Amazing chocolate pie. Also tried the banana cream pie. You must visit! Everything is home made from scratch!笑
I was meeting a friend for lunch last week at Humble Pie and noticed that the Pie Hole was conveniently located just next door.  We both decided to stop in after our lunch and pick-up some pie to go for our ourselves and our significant others.  I thoroughly enjoyed my chocolate cream pie; however, wish the crust was just a little tastier and softer.  I also took home some apple pie and wished I had also opted for a brown sugar peach pie slice as well - fresh out of the oven and looked/smelled so tasty.  The space is really cute and the staff was nice too.笑
Damnnnnnnnmmnnn.

Quotes from my bf on the drive home:

"These pies were made my elves.  They're magical I think some kind of little elves cooked those pies you know?" 
"We should have just got a whole one.  What are we doing?  We fucked up.  What are we doing leaving that place without a huge pie?  Even though we just ate two slices and got a small to go one..... What are we doing?  We could have just gotten a whole one.  Fuuuuuuck" 
"There was some black magic witch craft in that pie or some shit.  I don't know man.  That pie was crazy!" 
"That pie!!!!!"
"That fucking pie.  Good god.  If strawberry rhubarb was like that... Just imagine the rest.  Just imagine."
"How is it even possible to have a pie that good? What the fuck?  Did that just happen?  Did we just eat that?  Am I on acid?  Is this real?"

Yeah, we were stoned.  Best pie I've ever had.  

Really though.  

The fact that it's open late too is perfect.  Puff the j, get some late night pie.  That's the good life.笑
got 4 different pies and all were excellent but that peach one, oh my God, amazing.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  I'd gladly recommend the place. :)笑
Started to dig into my Key Lime pie, so creamy, tangy and delicious. When I ate the crust I thought something is strange here. I started itching and my mouth started swelling. It seemed to me that there were nuts in the crust. No mention of a nut crust on their menu board. I called the next morning to ask about the crust, yep, sure enough, pecans in the crust. What the hell Pie Hole? The woman who answered the phone blamed me for buying the pie, actually berating me. I've had lots of Key Lime Pie in my life lady and never has anyone put nuts in the crust. Thanks for ruining my night Pie Hole. We will definitely not be returning.笑
I've been here a few times - it's an adorable place with AMAZING pie. But today they really outdid themselves. I mistakenly thought they had full size banana cream pies ready to go any time and needed one for a friend's birthday. This is a special order that they actually don't keep ready to go (my mistake) They could have told me tough luck or turned me away. Instead, at 10am on a Wednesday  they did a rush order and whipped one up from scratch in time for our office birthday surprise just a few hours away....  I am so grateful! Thank you!!!  And learn from my mistakes-  call a day ahead for your special orders! :)笑
Mamma Toledo's Pies are not very good. They taste like they are Sugar Free and they are overpriced.

Costco, Village Inn, Safeway, etc. pies are better.笑
Brick and mortar location - smelled musty / moldy. Not even a hint of fresh baked pie or coffee smell. 2 business in same building on each side of this shop did NOT smell musty

Tried: chocolate peanut, lemon meringue, coconut cream, banana cream

Crust = has some layers but no flavor, some pieces had soggy crust

Whipped cream on pies = bland, one piece even tasted as if the cream may have been sour

Cream fillings - dense to the point that it may have been drying out with little flavor

Lemon custard - sweet, lightly tangy, average

Meringue- KUDOS, meringue texture, taste and look was awesome

Saw the savory pies but didn't try any. Looked small for $7.95. Cornish Pasty is a much better value for an entree pie笑
Fresh pies. Oh yes please.

Their key Lime Pie is my fav. Unlike most places, they serve this year-round.

They also have a nice selection of fruit lies and cheesecakes. Their breakfast and lunch menu is great too.笑
I live in the neighborhood and frequent thennear by restaurants  but had never been to the Pie Hole. Today my boyfriend brought me home a slice of the chocolate cream pie, and I am hooked. The crust was amazing, so flaky and delicious. I almost went back and got more.笑
Went their so wanting an awesome Pot Pie   walked in door and saw pot pies in the warmer oven  who knows how long their were their   when we got our PP  mine was barley even warm   already disappointed thought crust was blan  and  not very tasty  i had chicken PP    the potatoes were really big chunks  with skin still on  didnt finish  my PP gave rest to husband when he got to bottom of PP didnt seem like bottom crust was done  dont know if it was because it sat their for awhile in warmer oven  or just not done   I was not happy  wont be back  thought  seating area could of been cleaner   Sad I Love Pot Pies   :(笑
Popped in with my mom on a sunny Tuesday because who can resist a place called The Pie Hole? The guy working behind the counter was super friendly and helpful; he chatted with us about all the different flavors and his favorites. It was a tough deliberation but my mom went with the caramel coconut creme pie and I with the brown sugar peach pie. Both were so, so, so good. Amongst the best pies of my young life. The coconut creme was rich and smooth, and not cloyingly sweet. My brown sugar peach was filled to bursting with ripe, juicy peaches and had that nice warm undertone that brown sugar gives.

I didn't try out the coffee this time, but I thought it was cool that all their flavor syrups are homemade. I'll definitely be giving that a shot next time.

One other thing to note is that they are going to be expanding their space to accommodate for a bigger menu with breakfast items! They're decorating now and everything looks really cute. Can't wait to go back and see next time I'm in Phoenix!笑
With proteins accounted for and rounds made of the art show my next stop was dessert and although there were other choices available the only logical choice in my mind was Mamma Toledo's, a spot I'd been meaning to visit since I arrived in Phoenix not only because the name matched my home town but because the eclectic assortment of pies available in three sizes all sounded great - particularly after reading owner/operator Tonya Saidi's roundabout way of arriving at a job she truly seems to love.

A small truck - largely a delivery mechanism for pies made at home - the selection of pies at Mamma Toledo's on Saturday morning consisted of six pies, two pie bites, plus a cup o' cake and while every single one sounded good it was the Chocolate Coffee Pie and Carrot Cup o' Cake that immediately caught my attention - an $8 tab that weighed in at a substantial half a pound but far more in terms of quality and flavor.

Beginning first with the cup o' cake, I have no idea what carrot to flour ratio Tonya used to make this beautiful item, but with the cake itself dense, bright orange, and sweet while remaining vegetal the self-described "Pie baking specialist" proved to possess a deft hand with non-pies as well - the cream cheese frosting adding a slight tang without overwhelming and the subtleties of the cake; pretty much everything one could ask from carrot cake and entirely without the nuts or raisins so many others rely on to liven up the mix.

Moving next to the pie - let it first be said that if you've not experienced Mamma Toledo's crusts then you should search for her truck right now and order whatever sounds best because no matter what sort of pie you fancy her crusts are superlative- flaky like a croissant, loaded with butter, and crisp enough to support the filling without being 'hard.'  Moving next to the filling, while I can only speak to the single pie I tasted I'll simply say that this was great - a thick pudding of cocoa and espresso with a light cream topping that helped to mellow the bitter notes without overwhelming them at all - the only thing missing was a cup of coffee to wash it down...or maybe some ice cream; either way I can't wait to go back for more.笑
Mediocre. Their selection isn't great. They don't seem to have a rotating special.  I've had the lemon merengue (twice), triple chocolate, and the key lime. The key lime was extremely tart. No balance between sweet and sour. The first time I got the lemon merengue, the merengue was tough,like old pudding skin. The second time was better. The lemon and key lime have almost no crust. And the crust on the lemon was soggy. The triple chocolate was like something you could make with the JELL-O brand. The atmosphere wasn't bad and the girl at the counter was nice and seemed knowledgeable enough.笑
I would love to have tried this food, but they bailed on our American Cancer Society Relay For Life event an hour before it started. Bad customer service. If you can't do event then just politely decline, don't promise and not show, that seems like a recipe for disaster in the food truck industry.笑
At the intersection of bad time management and pastry ineptitude, you find me.  I had plans to bake a pie to bring to a friend's house for dinner.  This notion was absurd.  Pastry is an iffy proposition for me at best.  There would have been four trips to Safeway and many swear words involved with screwed up recipes.  The house would have been hot all day from failed attempts.  

So... I outsourced.  I had a rare stroke of genius, and called Mamma Toledo's.  She made a custom berry pie, which was the object of clicking forks, clean plates, and exclamations of deliciousness.  

#PotluckHero笑
Phoenix is seriously lacking when it comes to options for pie. Thank goodness Mamma Toledo has stepped in to fill that, ahem, piehole.

I got to experience of of her pielicious concoctions at the Wednesday night food truck gathering downtown. I'll admit I was kinda hoping for a fruit pie but it's all creme pies. I however am not going to turn down pie so I can make a creme pie work! 

The boyfriend and I shared a chocolate creme. Yum. Yum. Yum. For $5 you get a mini pie that was certainly big enough to share (at least after stuffing our faces at other food trucks). The filling was rich and chocolatly, the whipped topping held up in the heat and the crust was really good too. The crust can make or break a pie and I thought her's was flavorful, flaky and just the right thickness.

The only bad thing was that she gave us two really wimpy spoons. It was hard to cut through the crust because the spoons would bend under the pressure. Mamma Toledo - get some heartier spoons, or forks even, and it'll be perfect!笑
Yuh did shut my pie hole; My fingers can still talk though. So...over to you fingers. I tried this Food Truck at the "Great Food Truck Festival". I would give this place about 1.5 stars if I could. I love pie....Fuckin' love it....not this though. They had a variety of cream base pies. We tried most, all were not good at all. There was a cream base and I swear to me that canned topping was used. The prices were high and the product was low. Even if your not an econ expert one should know not to buy. 
 On a happier note my Pie Hole has once again opened after fear of something nasty again returning to my mouth.笑
We just finished our Thanksgiving feast. Every one, all 20 of us, contributed dishes. Everything was terrific. I had gone online from NJ to find a pie maker for my offering to the group. I read the reviews, and took a chance and ordered 4 pies long distance. They were all brilliant! Everyone loved them. I heard nothing but oohs and ahhhs. I had ordered apple, apple and green chili, pumpkin, and coconut cream. They threw in a pecan as a gift, which was very generous. And, what I most liked: the pies weren't too sweet! The ingredients were top notch and didn't require being over sweetened. And, everyone remarked on the amazing crust. Thank you, Mamma Toledo, for making our Thanksgiving celebration perfect笑
I had the chocolate cream pie and it was the best. Iwould highly recommend this place.  And I sure will be back and tell everyone I can to come here.  I am anxious to try one of their savory pies.  Chicken pot pie it is childhood favorite.笑
This place is awesome and just what the neighborhood need. Great food and treats!!! Pot pies, pies and thrifty ice cream.笑
Stopped in not knowing what to expect. We had the chicken pot pie, chilie cheese fries and got a two for one on the mini pies. We chose a double chocolate and a coconut cream pie. Everything was perfection, we are definitely coming back!!!笑
The Green Chile Gringo breakfast pie had such potential... 
Unfortunately,  it ended up being totally bland.  As others have noted,  the pastry dough here lacks substance and taste.  I'm not a fan of salt,  and if I think the dish needs salt, that should say something. The dough tastes like it was made previously,  frozen and then used.     In this case the toasted cheese shreds on top were also completely without taste.  The green Chile was palatable,  the pork adequate,  and I really couldn't taste eggs or potatoes anywhere.  I'd bet money these are made beforehand and frozen. 
For a place that is completely dedicated to sweet and savory pies, you need to really step up your game.   I've had better hot pockets.笑
Cute little storefront with an awesome selection of pies. There are more options of cream-based pies rather than fruit but that's fine by me. The coconut cream is something to savor. Love it!笑
Pie is always going to get five stars from me, but Tonya truly earns it! I've had her pies from the truck, from Pie Hole, and now through catering, and it never disappoints. I recently catered over 200 mini-pies from Mamma Toledo's for my wedding and they arrived looking beautiful and tasting delicious. Our guests were so thrilled and we received compliments on all seven flavors we ordered: French silk, key lime, pecan, cherry vanilla, blueberry, all-American apple, and our personal favorite brown sugar peach. Simply put: Mamma Toledo's rules all!笑
Cute little place! Tried it out because Phoenix Yelp's IG featured it recently. Great pie as well!笑
I was CRAVING banana creme pie after dinner the other night so of course, what did I do? Search it on Yelp! The Pie Hole was one of the first and closest options that came up so we decided to give it a shot. The best part, they have 5" mini pies that are perfect for 1 --- errr, 2. I ended up saving half for later! We arrived around 9 PM so they were only open for another hour and were out of a lot of their pies (If you're looking for something special, call first!) but thank goodness they had what I came for!  It was SUPER delicious and whether you're craving pie or looking for a fancy treat to give a friend, their 5" minis are fab! The place itself is also adorable and makes a great trendy {locally owned} hangout spot! Their story is fantastic and I enjoyed reading it while sitting at their bar and eating my mini pie! I can't wait to try more of their flavors!笑
Amazing pies! Banana Cream and Peanut Butter Chocolate are out of this world. 

Great service and very friendly. Will definitely be coming back!!笑
Well, it's hard to say how the pie was. We had a pie craving a little before 9 on Saturday, and the only thing nearby was a chain that rhymes with Smillage Smin. So we found Mamma Toledo on Yelp and drove 15 minutes from south Tempe to try to support local business. Unfortunately, it was locked up tight at 9:15, the Closed sign dangling tauntingly over the 10pm closing painted on the door. There was a group of people in the corner, the guys in fedoras. Employees, or just cool cats who know the secret word? Luckily, there was a Smocos a block away where they served us pie that was just good enough to satisfy the craving, and they still managed to have us on our way by 10 so they could lock up.笑
As a big advocate for downtown restaurants, I'm glad to see Mamma Toledo's is doing sufficient business as to be unconcerned with inventory, variety, pricing or service. 

Tonight, I stopped in to buy a whole pie. Sadly, but not uncommon to my experience, they didn't have any whole pies and what was available was VERY limited.  They did have 3/4th of an apple pie.  Whole pies are $19.00.  I offered $15 for it (more than 3/4th of the $19 whole pie price). The woman at the counter told me she could only sell me the pie at the per-piece price which came to $21.50.  I said thanks but no thanks.  I prefer the Pie Snob's pie anyway.笑
If you get the chance to try the pie at Mama Toledo's pie truck you must give it a taste. I have to confess I have tried way toooo many flavors.  The great news is you can never go wrong!  Her seasonal flavors of Apple Chili and Pumpkin  are so delicious. The pumpkin pie took the boring out of pumpkin pie and made it a real showstopper.  My personal favorite is the cherry pie --so fresh and a bit tart but not too much. 
 At the next street fair, art market or farmers market look for the bright red truck and be sure to save room for pie!笑
Absolutely delicious.  I just had a slice of coconut cream pie and a small Americano with two shots.   The coffee was spot one- nice and strong.  The pie was very good as well- chilled, perfect texture, and not overly sweet; it had a nice natural taste to it.  The crust was flakey, not stale or hard like the one you'd pickup at Safeway.  The store's interior is simple and casual.  Highly recommend.笑
Great cake. Chocolate was perfect, and they are open on Sunday's. Which is really nice for Sunday birthday parties. Def going to come back. Thank you guys for the great cake.笑
Bought a chocolate creme, banana creme and a key lime for a Friday night treat with the family.  Banana cream custard not cooked properly... Was completely running into the tin when cut into and flavor just was not there.  Chocolate creme was set properly.  Wasn't the best or the worst I've ever had.  The KEY LIME however, was fantastic!  Graham cracker crust was perfect thickness and delicious.  The key lime filling was great balance of tart and sweet.  Would stop by for another key lime but probably won't bother trying any onther flavors.  Only two stars because one out of three isn't very good...笑
every single thing i have had here has been fantastic, love it. someone else on here noted that the eclairs are great and THIS IS SOME REAL TALK. you really can't go wrong here. when you walk in to Sit...Stay, i would personally advise you to skip dinner and go straight to the left for the lil pie corner.笑
Came here for a quick dessert, lots of options. Pies were delicious. They have other options besides pies笑
really like the fact that the pies are made fresh. and i had whip made fresh for one of the single slices of pies i had.  the pumpkin pie tasted like if the pumpkin its self poop out a fresh pie.. lol... the pecan pie i really enjoyed. Most definitely will be back to try the banana cream笑
Great little spot. Don't tell my mom I had just 2 slices of pie for an early dinner the other day LOL. I had the peach and the apple pie, both delicious, not overly sweetened. Old-fashioned style and that's why you come here.笑
The first rule of pie making must be to have perfected crust.  It should be flaky, delicate, sweet and tempt you to eat the entire perimeter [to really piss off your family].  Whatever the dry, flavorless stuff was that held this thing together might as well have been cardboard.    

I got an apple pie, which should be the benchmark.  if you can't make an amazing apple pie, you should go into the cupcake business.  The apples were wafer thin and under-cooked, the spice was too strong, too much allspice or clove, over-powering.  Seasoning should be subtle and delicate with nice chunks of soft baked apples simmering a a delicious almost caramelized sauce....something to really blend in with Ice Cream if you go a la mode.  

The most telling sign has to be this.  My two kids ate two bites and left theirs untouched on the counter and a day later I have half the pie left.  Even the crappiest $5 pie from Fry's I pick at until it's long gone within 2-4 hours tops.  Today I brought the leftover to office, those vultures will eat packets of taco bell hot sauce.   

Maybe my palate is not sophisticated enough to appreciate a $20 artisan pie.  My palate doesn't give two shits about anything but taste and texture, period.  I can't will myself to hanker for this.  

Now my quest for a decent apple pie that I don;t have to bake myself continues. Thanks Pie Hole for reminding me my Grandma is dead and I can't go home again.笑
I work out of the Office Pile and The Pie Hole is a thirty second walk away. Which may turn out to be a bad thing for my diet. I've had their coconut creme, banana creme and key lime pies and today the german chocolate cake. 

HOLY COW. All have been absolute fantastic. The key lime pie is the best I've ever had. Most key lime pies are waaaay too sweet. Theirs is tart and has an amazingly fresh lime taste. It is phenomenal.

Excited about trying their savory pies next. This place is WONDERFUL!!!笑
I know I should write a more descriptive review of this place...but this is what you are going to get.

Go eat there! Get the mango chile lime mini pie! It is to DIE FOR! 

I can't wait to go back and see what other goodness they create!笑
I really wanted to like this, but the crust is really bland.  We tried a couple of different pies, and just  didn't care for it.  I asked, and they use the same crust for all the full size pies.  I'm going to keep looking for a local pie place.笑
Finally, a wonderful pie! Great crust, great flavors, great selection and wonderful service. I love they also offer savory pies, the chicken pot pie was outstanding. I actually ended up calling later that night to see if any were still available, unfortunately they were out. Hopefully this week, I will be able to get more Chicken Pot Pie. I ordered two mini banana pies, that was so delicious! The perfect custard filling and whip cream that is not too sweet. The crust is amazing! I ordered my husband the double chocolate, it was so good he would hardly share with me. He's not even a dessert person at all. I ordered my brother the peanut butter chocolate, he loved it. The coffee is also great! I really enjoyed my overall experience at the Pie Hole! Thanks for the wonderful service and delicious pies! I cannot wait to try more flavors out. These really are some of the best pies I've had in the Phoenix area!笑
This place is kind of a dive, pies are just left out on the counter which made me nervous to eat/order them.  I was expecting amazing pie and it was disappointing. The coconut cream was mostly whipped cream with very little filling.  The peanut butter mini pie was better, but nothing amazing.笑
What a treat! All of the pies we have tried (both savory and sweet) have been unbelievably delicious. Even my sweet southern grandmother who, in my opinion, is a pie expert LOVED her banana cream pie.笑
This place is a little hidden gem where you can find both delicious pies and out of this world chicken pot pies! I've been here a few times and it's never busy but if more people knew how great it was it'd be packed. I've never had their breakfast but my boyfriend and I are definitely going to try it out soon. I've tried their peach pie, blueberry pie, cheesecake, apple pie, and chicken pot pie and I've never been disappointed. I can't say enough good things about the pot pies though. The crust is perfect and the filling is so savory and full of chicken and veggies. Do yourself a favor and put their food in your mouth hole!!!笑
The most delicious coconut cream pie I had! Very fresh, not too sweet, light, and melts in your mouth! Absolutely recommend this place to try out!笑
I ordered a couple of pies from this pie shop for an event, and the experience was lackluster and disappointing. The person who took my order on the phone appeared to be the pastry chef, but she was not knowledgeable and had never tried their pies. The interior of the pie shop was captivating but largely underutilized. It had all the amenities of a café with a few sidewalk benches and a well-lit ambiance filled with couches and small tables neatly organized. 

Still warm, the Cherry Almond Pie ($20) was loaded with sweet and tart cherries covered with a layer of almond crumbs. The crunchy, streusel-like topping added texture, but the crust at the bottom was thin, very soggy, and could not hold the heavy soupy filling. I wished the almond flavor could come through more to accompany the taste of the cherries. For the price, I was expecting a better pie. I don't recommend it.

The Sweet Potato Pie ($19) was made with thick creamy sweet potato. However, the sweet potato tasted very bland and not sweet at all, a glaring failure on the part of the pastry chef for not sampling the filling prior to making it. Again, the bottom of the pie was wet and soggy. It looked especially sloppy when I cut into them. I was disappointed.

Service was brief, and not very friendly or personable. In the end, the price and quality did not translate into a positive experience. Not sure why they are rated so favorably on Yelp. Beware of the soggy pie hole, I won't be coming back.笑
AMAZING savory pies!!!  The green chili gringo hand pie is RIDICULOUS.  Perfect flakey crust, just the right amount of filling of Pork Green Chili, Eggs, Potatoes and Cheddar- great on the go breakfast!  I also tried the 5" Pork Green Chili POT PIE, which of course was wonderful.  We need one more pizza and/or desert shop across the street and we can officially call this stretch of Coronado bordering 7th street: THE PIE DISTRICT.笑
Tried our first pie from this place today, and after the first slice I already can't wait for my next opportunity to come back! I ordered a Banana Praline Cream pie to share with my household and it's already had an impressive dent eaten into it. It's so very good! Not too sweet and you can taste every ingredient in it (and I can tell from the look and taste that the ingredient were very fresh when the pie was made). It's also a big pie, which is good for the price paid for it. This place has so many different flavors to try; there was a Chocolate Éclair pie in the display when I came in, and that looked so delicious I almost bought it. Can't wait to be back!笑
Chocolate Cake and frosting were heavy, I prefer a lighter cake. Peach pie was not very sweet, crust was crumbly vs. flakey.笑
Probably one of my favorite pie spots. Just got a White Chocolate Macadamia Nut pie. Can't wait to cut into it笑
Have not had the pleasure of checking out their store, but I did hit up the food truck when they visited ASU.  Awesome key lime!  The graham crust was amazing- buttery and delicious.  The crust on the chocolate pie was good too, and I don't usually care for standard pie crust.

The mini pies could feed two people, but we destroyed one full dessert each.

Posting a calendar on their website that shows dates and locations for the food truck was a brilliant move- everyone in my office is excited that they come to Tempe once a week.

One suggestion- the website does not appear to list business hours for the Phoenix pie shop.笑
Great Key Lime Pie the crust was sweet and nicely done, the filling was sweet and tart with a great lime taste.  I will be back for sure.笑
Traveling through downtown Phoenix this afternoon and it's like 190 in the shade. Pulled over for a bunch of food trucks ringed around a ramada with misters oh and free parking. Is there anything better then fresh baked mini pies ala mode in the 200 degree heat? Yes there is a chilled banana cream mini pie. Deliciousness personnified笑
Love this little new place in the neighborhood. 
Wish they had a little more options on the menu so I could come more often.
Bought my mother in law the chocolate pie and she loved it.
We have been there for breakfast and lunch and I have enjoyed everything I have eaten.笑
I will just say that I grew up hating chicken pot pie but The Pie Hole on 7th, changed MY LIFE. 

The owner is incredibly nice and willing to discuss everything on the menu with you. My coworker and I ended up splitting a chicken pot pie, the pork green chile hand pie and a slice of banana cream pie and we ate every last bite. 

Outstanding all around!笑
So this little truck is always at the ASU block party on Wednesdays and every Wednesday my friend and I make the plan of eating at one truck and then coming here to get pies for home. And every week we get so full from eating at the other truck that we never end up coming here. Well, last week I decided to break our mold. I ordered my food, and while I was waiting marched straight over to Mamma Toledos to get my togo pies. About 2 minutes later, pies acquired. 

Now, i understand that these are mini versions of the ones sold on her website (?). In any case, at $5.99, theyre a steal.

I got the coconut cream for my husband and the strawberry cheesecake for myself. My husband LOVED his. I got much praise for bringing him home such a delicious treat. I was a large fan of my cheesecake as well. It was creamy and delicious, and the crust was just the right thickness and crumbliness. Even 3 days later, still delicious.

Take my advice. Get this before you decide on another truck (either at ASU or FTF), or whenever you see her out. You wont be sorry.笑
We just had the individual beef pot roast pot pie and chicken pot pie, and they were amazing! So delicious and flavorful. We are about to dig into the dessert pies, which are always good. So glad they moved to Moon Valley! Yum!笑
Ordered three pies for folks I work with. Brown Sugar Peach, Triple Berry, and Chocolate Cream. Amazing. Delicious. Fresh!. Thank you for the amazing pies!笑
Delicious sweet potato waffles! I will return. Thank you!笑
Best pie possibly ever. Coconut cream and fruit pies recommended. Try the dirty chai and it is not what it sounds like. Worth visit and time. Call ahead to order to go. Support local food joints. The owner herself is a nice lady. Undoubtedly worth your time.笑
The size close to a banquet pot pie for $5.50 you decide your worth.

I have tried  the banana cream and chocolate creme pie and they are good.

Would like to try the key lime pie but have to wait until next time.

The pies are in the food truck but not baked there where they are stored in ice chest inside the truck.

If you don't have cash don't worry they will take your plastic. 

Good individual size pies but it is borderline whether the cost is worth it.笑
This place is great the pies are to die for. Staff friendly.  Will hit them at the holidays.笑
This is a fantastic little place that almost deserves five stars. I wasn't a fan of the ambience of the place and the location is kind of weird but the pies TOTALLY make up for that. I had Nutella Banana Cream and my friend had (i think) Triple Chocolate Cream. We were both entirely satisfied and I will definitely be returning! Service wasn't extraordinary but the woman working was polite and did her job, so no complaints. GO IN FOR THE PIE but don't expect to be impressed by anything else.笑
Quiet unassuming little place tucked away in a little strip mall at 7th St and Coral Gables. Awesome pies. My favorite is definitely the pot roast pot pie. Beef pot pie but 700x better. And only $7.50. Who can beat that. You should definitely come in and give it a try. They also have pie milk shakes (a slice of pie goes in your milk shake!! What?!?!?!) and I will try that next time for sure!笑
I live in the neighborhood where this place is, and how sweet it is to be so close.  I have only been here a couple times, but I will be using them more and more as time goes by whenever I need a last minute desert for a party or gathering.   Great little family owned business run with a lot of passion and love.  I will see you guys soon!
Cheers!笑
The have the most amazing pies. The vegetable curry pie and the buffalo chicken hand pie is too DIE for!!! And for dessert New York style cheesecake with a cup of locally roasted coffeethis is an amazing local treat!!!笑
I was bummed when The Pie Hole closed their original location on Roosevelt Street.  Understandably, Tonya Saidi's business had grown too big for their tiny location on Roosevelt and they needed a bigger space to grow.  Fortunately, they found it barely a mile north of their original location on 7th Street south of Thomas.  I hadn't made it out to their new location until...what's that?  It's National Pie Day?  Yeah, it was time to visit their new location.

The business occupies what was previously Miss Anita's Pie Shop so Mamma Toledo's seems like an obvious replacement.  When you walk in, the space is probably 10 times the size of their old location and almost feels more like a coffee shop than a pie shop.  The furniture and decor feel more like a sit down coffee shop, but don't worry, the front counter is there to remind you what made Tonya famous in the valley.  The display case up front showcases a wide variety of pies and other baked goods made fresh in house by Tonya and her staff.  They also now feature all the staples of a coffee shop including the requisite cappuccino machine and they source their coffee locally from a Tempe vendor.  On this most sacred of pie days, I decided to get a couple of mini pies to go.  A raspberry tart and a key lime.  There were also a number of other options available that day including coconut creme, chocolate creme, peach cobbler and many others.  Total for the two mini pies was $11.

Both pies were as good as I remember from her old location.  Super tasty filling in the middle with a firm flavorful crust on the outside.  The key lime is especially outstanding and along with her chocolate creme are my two favorite pies from Tonya's place.  And they'll still take orders for whole pies for pickup (including Thanksgiving when they get crazy busy) and you can still get pies by the slice too.  And in addition to coffee, it seems that they are starting to venture into other food items including various breakfast items and pot pies.  Guess we'll see how things evolve from here.

Its pretty cool to see a local food truck business favorite all grown up.  Just as Pizza People and Short Leash grew into the brick and mortar sector, Mamma Toledo's has too.  But don't worry, Tonya still has the food truck and still uses it often.  The pies and her staff are just as awesome as when it was just the food truck.  Go over to their new location and grab a slice.  And when National Pie Day rolls around next time, you'll know what to do.笑
Well, on my weekly sausage run, I decided to stop somewhere new for some desserts.  I had driven by this place dozens of times before, but never had stopped in until today.  Reviews seemed positive, and when is pie ever bad?  Um....don't answer that question just yet.  Read the rest of my review, first ;-).

I walked in and went over to the little display case and browsed the selection of pies.  I decided to go with 2 of their mini (5 inch) pies.  I went with a key lime pie, and a banana cream pie.  A nice lady rang me up, offered me some forks and napkins and I was ready to get out of dodge.  Total for my 2 small pies was $12.03.  Here is how they were.............

Key Lime-  I took this one out back to my car and dug in right then and there.  The pie looked pretty nice, with a smooth green color and a nice portion of whipped cream on top.  I noticed that this pie did not have any kind of crust peeking out.  I took a bite and dug into the bottom of the little pie to get a good first bite.  First impression was, meh.  The pie was a bit too sweet, and the crust was all funky.  The crust was made with nuts and was way too wet and moist.  I prefer a straight up graham cracker crust in my cream type pies.  The filling was a little bit too soft and didn't provide the best texture in my mouth.  I ate the whole thing, but was not really that impressed.  It was like a 2.5 star pie.  Not bad enough to throw away, but definitely not good enough to buy again.

Banana Cream-  I took this one to go to eat at home.  (For the record, I kept it in my cooler with ice packs for my 30 minute ride home, so I know that it didn't spoil due to temperature or anything like that.)  I dug into this one after dinner.  This pie had a nice looking top layer, with a traditional pie crust peeking up around the edges, as well as a dollop of whipped cream in the center.  I took a bite and was a bit taken aback.  First initial reaction was, yuck!  It tasted like some kind of chemical taste and not a sweet banana flavor that I was expecting.  I took another bite to make sure that it wasn't just one bad bite. Nope...next bite was similar.  I dove into the crust and was extremely disappointed in that, too!  This crust had NO flavor.  NONE.  No Crisco, no butter, no flakiness, no nothing!  It may have been the most tasteless and worst pie crust I have ever tried.  It was flat out bad!  I ate out most of the filling in the middle, just to avoid that horrible crust!  Even then, the middle of this pie had browned bananas underneath the pudding type filling and everything just tasted "off".  I threw this in the trash.  I ate about 75% of the filling as to not waste the whole damn thing, but even that was a chore.  This was the worst banana cream pie I have ever tasted.  Seriously...it was gross!  

The lady running the joint was very friendly and cheerful and that is about the only saving grace of this place and the only reason it gets even 2 stars.  Maybe it was just these small pies that were funky?  Maybe a slice of one of their larger pies might be tasty as fuck?  Who knows? If someone served me a slice of pie from this place, sure, I would eat it and see if today was just a "one off", but I'm never going to come back here to purchase a pie again, and I was totally disappointed.  Meh!笑
I love this place!! I'm so glad they moved to this new location because it is only 5 minutes away from my house.... I'll probably have mixed feelings once I gain 10# from eating too much pie. I've eaten here a few times now so I'm going to lump my review all into one. If you're in a hurry here is the down and dirty- eat here! It will definitely shut your pie hole (because it will be stuffed with amazing pie!!!) 

As far as pies go, I've never had a bad one. I highly recommend the key lime and the pecan. Though the peach is also sublime. If you can eat it in store or are going to eat it as soon as you get home, ask to have your mini pie warmed up! The crust, which is already good, becomes more flakey and delicious when warmed up. I recently, also tried the strawberry rhubarb. I haven't had anything made with rhubarb since I moved to Phoenix from South Dakota and I've been missing it. This pie, though different from what I'm used to, is still very yummy. The crust is flakey and perfect like all their crusts, however, it's the filling that threw me off a bit. The texture of the filling is firmer, almost like gelatin was used. There are definitely pieces of rhubarb in the mix but I didn't notice any strawberry pieces. Maybe it's pureed before added? There is also a lemon flavor added- it creates a strawberry lemonade taste which is quite refreshing. 

I have also tried the chicken and pot roast pot pies. Again, these have perfect, flakey, buttery crusts. The chicken has shredded chicken pieces and carrots in gravy. I found this one to be a little bland. However, my boyfriend (who uses less salt then I do) loved the flavor of it. The pot roast is my favorite of the two. The meat was tender and the gravy had more flavor. The vegetables consisted of carrots and potatoes. I still need to try the pork green chili pie but I'm sure it will be on the same level as the others. I'm definitely looking forward to trying everything else here!笑
These are magical pies. We first came across Mamma Toledo's at a food truck event where we bought their smaller single serve pies. Among all the ones we sampled, we loved their banana cream pie the most and had to order a whole one a few days later. When ordering a whole pie, it's a good idea to call ahead a few days as there may be limited flavors in store. We've came in store once to only see banana cream, apple, and key lime, so just a heads up. 

I also don't remember the decor and seating area being very inviting, but there are chairs and tables available in case you want to hang and eat your pies right there.

Overall, great pies, slightly on the pricey side for the serving size, but they are really, really good.笑
I was in the area for another appointment when I rolled by this place, looking to find a place for a late lunch..  Pie always sounds good so I stopped in.  No sandwiches, but the young lady at the counter said they had omelets and pot pies available all day.  Pot pies (!) - although it was late in the day there were still a couple of selections available.  I opted for the chicken pot pie, key lime pie for desert, and some iced tea.

Outstanding!  The chicken pot pie was fresh, the crust flaky, yet with enough substance to soak up the gravy in the pie; there was an abundance of chicken, and vegetables in the pie, and a gravy with a hint of a seasoning I have yet to identify, that enhanced the taste of the pie.  The key lime pie was tart with a sweet, crushed pecan, bottom crust that provided a perfect counterbalance to the lime tartness.  This pie was definitely equal to many that I've had in Key West.   All pies are handmade.  

The young lady at the counter is extremely accommodating; one couple stopped in to buy a whole pie.  Late in the afternoon, this selection is somewhat limited.  They were happy to go home with an apple pie, missing a couple of slices, replaced by a couple of rhubarb pie slices - an imaginative combination suggested by the counter person.  

Price wise, there are no bargains here; other than a slight discount on slices of 2 days old pies.  My tab was $15 plus for the small chicken pot pie, key lime pie, and iced tea.  Was it worth it?  Absolutely!  It is a fair value for a labor intensive meal.  I did not try the coffees but will on a future visit; again no bargains - Starbuck type prices.

Mobility accessibility in the restaurant proper is excellent; lots of open space, tables that are easily usable.  Restroom accessibility appears to be limited; I'll update after my next visit.

I'm looking forward to a return visit, a bit earlier in the day for a wider pie selection, an omelet, and some coffee.

If you are in the area, or see their food truck, try this place out.  I think you will enjoy it.

Gary