If you've ever been to Cambodia, you will know the differences between a Vietnamese Pho and a Cambodian noodle soup.  The light body of a Cambodian soup is one key difference. This family run business is very popular for Cambodian residents in the area, such as my family members, who took me here on a cold fall day. 

The soups were light, and you can really taste the ground chicken, herbs, and sweetness of the sautéed garlic oils.  It's actually very hard to achieve a broth this light and yet complex in flavor.  Sometimes people get to heavy handed with their salt, or use a soup base.  This broth I was told was made from scratch, as was all of our in house spring rolls.  Make sure you get your Chinese long doughnuts as well when you order these, love the crunchiness of them when they come out of the fryer... low calorie?  These are not!
 
Only wished that they had more authentic cambodian dishes on there, like the curries made of tumeric, beef, and chinese eggplant. Or the great fish dishes sold in Cambodian markets...delish!笑
This place is fantastic, huge variety of Cambodian food. Very inexpensive. Had the congee, it was perfect. Really nice family run restaurant. Will probably be stopping here every time I'm back in Newmarket.笑
Superb. I work in the area and have ordered take out from this place a few times. I typically get the chicken pad thai and cold spring rolls to go and each time it has been amazing. The ingredients they use are extremely fresh which, explains why this place is fully packed during lunch every day. Highly recommended.笑
Kind of a hole in the wall small restaurant located across the parking lot from my hotel, but boy do they put out some great food. I started with a bowl of Hot and Sour Soup. I'm not exaggerating here, but honestly, that bowl was probably the best Hot and Sour Soup, I've ever had. My entree was Chicken Pad Thai. Very large helping with very large flavor. Let me now tell you the best thing about my dinner- my waiter was also the chef! Can't wait for my next trip to Newmarket- I think I'll try the Pho. Yes, it's on the menu, also!!笑
An interesting family run restaurant where it seems the whole family pitches in and family friends drop by and have loud conversations. 

The food is very good. We ordered mixed grilled meats appetizer platter with grilled chicken, sausage and pork slices, chicken pad Thai and a noodle soup with mystery meats (I am sure it was kidney and something else... I just pretend I was eating chicken). 

This place is well worth visiting, with good fresh food and supporting a small family business.笑
I can't get enough of this place!
Loved their pad thai! Tried it mild and spicy. They sure know what they're doing when it comes to noodles!

Give them a try- they won't disappoint!

The chicken balls were excellent.笑
I had the beef vermicelli and it was delicious. The spring rolls were great. Definitely would go back again. It's hard to find healthy authentic food.笑
Pho lacked some of the flavour of a richly built stock. Wait staff was great and friendly!笑
This place is a hidden gem in Newmarket. At the back of an industrial looking plaza off pony drive, you wouldn't stumble upon this place easily. 

It has all the typical Cambodian style dishes, making up a fusion of Thai, Chinese, and tropical style dishes. My favourite is the pad Thai as it has a good texture to the noodles and has a nice amount of spice, or no spice at all if preferred!

I've had the Avocado milkshake before which was very very tasty !! Also a favourite of mine are spring rolls and hot&Sour soup, although I do find the soup to be a bit too strong on the shiitake flavor.

I have tried their pho but I do admit it's more of a light chicken broth, which I'm not really a fan of. I wouldn't get the pho here unless you're looking for something warm.

I also recommend the fried rice and curry dishes, they are lovely!!笑
I was really excited to find out Newmarket had a new noodle restaurant and was eager to try it.  I ordered a pad Thai and a hot and sour soup, I figure these basic food should give me a baseline for a restaurant of this type.

I wasn't a fan of the soup and the pad Thai was average at best.  I paid $18 and change for the experience and won't be back' there are much better options in the area for more reasonable prices.  Too bad..笑
Stop by here today while visiting Canada. The store was located across the street from my hotel. The Yelp reviewers hyped me up to thinking the food was awesome. The people that own the place was super nice. I received my order in a good timely matter but that's where the good talking stops. The food tasted over cooked and bland absolutely no seasoning at all then I order a few fresh spring rolls and got back to my hotel and found there was no peanut sauce...that's the icing on the cake with a cherry on top. Bottom line I was not impressed and will not be returning