I wish I could give less than a star.

We are Saturday and It's Montreal en Lumiere. There's a special Brunch Menu for the occasion. My friend Karine heard good things about La Coupole so we decide to give it a try. We make a reservation for 3.

I arrive 10 minutes late, my friends are already at our table. The first floor is completely empty and its 12:40. There around 14  people (approx 5 tables) in the second floor. Our server give us the menu and coffee. 

We get our appetizer after 25 Min. Its a bit long for smoke salmon and oysters.
My oysters are not very cold and only get a piece of lemon and a sour sauce as garnish. Nobody is impress with their plates.

We wait another 40 Min to get our second dish. We all ordered egg Benedict and they are all overcooked. So basically not really an egg Benedict. There's a table spoon of hollandaise sauce and the plate is really sad looking. Finally after more than an hour of service we finally get our first glass of water and toast. If you compared it with eggspectation, im telling you, eggspectation is just Wayyy better and you won't feel rip off.

At this point I don't even want to complain. We had 2 different server and now the manager is serving us. Its really strange because overall we had 4 different server (3 server and 1 manager) doing the service.
The manager took a while before finally taking out finished plates. He made and inappropriate comment to my friend about her not finishing her potatoes that made everybody uncomfortable. 

My friend told me then that when she arrive 15 min early for brunch the manager told her really seriously to wait outside. when she was about to turn around and leave he told her that it was a joke... so you can have a good picture of the brilliant type of manager running that place. 

Finally for our last dish, my friend who is a pastry chef got pastries of course. The cake was sooo dry just trying to take a bite was work. our plates once again looked all very sad. the waiters were all trying hard too look very busy with their now 4 tables. 

We were the 3 of us debating and thinking hard to realize it was all our worst service we ever had. on top of it we all make better food than what we had serve. It was not quality food and we all paid 40$ for that.

I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS ON YELP!

Save your money, nobody deserve that, the service took 2 hours. its is now 3h24 and I feel bad for having paid for that.笑
Ordered oysters which were very fresh. The veal chop was horribly cooked - medium throughout but completely rare towards the bone (indicates it was frozen prior to cooked). Also got the neptune platter which had an assortment of apps - it was horrible, scallops dry, tataki was dry without taste, shrimp was cooked on the outside but not the inside. This was very disappointing.
Service was horrible and waiter was very argumentative when we brought to his attention the veal chop and in fresh seafood. 
This place is a big no. I would not recommend going to this place unless you plan to get sick from eating the horrible seafood.笑
This a very nice restaurant for a business meeting.  They have a Table d'hote for lunch which always has a good selection.  Portions sizes are just right for lunch.   Its not a bustling noisy restaurant, so good atmosphere to have a conversation without yelling!笑
French Food at it's BEST!!!!

I resided at Hotel Le Crystal on my trip to Montreal. Me and my friend decided to try the table d'hôte for lunch and it turned out to be the BEST meal of the entire 10 day trip.

We went to the restaurant well underdressed as we were planning to go to do some shopping at St. Catherines later. Would definitely wear something smarter next time.

The food here was EXCEPTIONAL as every dish is artistically created and flavoured exquisitely. Despite the high-end price, I would say that it is worth the price. I rarely had a lunch service which also served hors d'œuvre and I was blown away by everything that La Coupole had to offer.

I would definitely come to this place again if I ever return to Montreal!!!!笑
The room has a beautiful ambiance. Service is changeable, I'm a semi-regular and it is the luck of the draw.

I've enjoyed several brunches here and had a disappointing Easter brunch.

Overall, the good outweighs the bad experiences I've had in this dining room, so I will be back.笑
Don't go here.  I ordered the shrimp while my dinner companion ordered the steak.  Steak was okay.  Shrimp was so awful.  The bean puree, tomatoes and mushrooms accompanying the shrimp all had a terrible burnt taste.  If i wasn't starving and short on time pre concert I would have left mid dinner.  

Service was also terrible.  We got our appetizers before our drinks.  And if we needed anything (salt, another glass of wine) we waited a good 10 minutes before our waitress even came over.

I was excited initially that they could seat us on a Friday pre concert without reservations but now I know why.笑
Gah , I don't know what to say about this place in all honestly . Fact is the first time I came here back in 2011, I had lunch et with a peer and it was a completly amazing experience filled with good food.

This was not the case on my second experience as I've been disappointed by the food. My salad accompanied by deer meat was okay . However , the main plate did not respond to my expectations as I had brunch previously with a friend back in 2011.
Fact is my meat tasted extremely salty due to the sauce which really was not pleasant, especially when it covered the asparaguses and pretty much ruined the vegetables. As a result , I was not really satisfied about this main dish, especially for that price .

Anyway , La Coupole really screwed up this time , but will I give them another chance? Most likely as the service was excellent. Nonetheless , it is important to note the food proportion which is mediocre and that it is still a pricey restaurant.笑
Been there 4 years ago. was expecting the same treatment. but NOT. Ask for a rare steak and they bring a really cook steak to me. Me and my boyfrienf wasnt happy . i was waiting for the waitress to ask how the meal was, if we like the plate. Didnt even bother or past by. maybe beacause she was busy to pamper her chic looking customer in the other table. Anyways i will never go back there because u got forget if u dun look like a rich old person. Terrible... go the check 127.93 dollars leave 18 dollars tips. we left a decent tips even all of that we had tell the waitress after paying the bill she just got nicer when she was what we tips her. what a shame.  Will never go back there. i think u can get better meal and service somewhere else.笑
Hidden inside the gorgeous Le Crystal Hotel and Spa is a gem of restaurant called La Coupole. I would recommend their Table d'hote which is three course menu at a set price with great selections and variations. They have wonderful terrace and if you have lunch around 1 pm, it is not as crowded and service is actually decent. Great little spot for business lunch.笑
A one-star blah. This place will be closed down and forgotten before the coffee is served. Let me premise this by saying I'm not one of those usual review whiners that can't find anything good about anywhere. La Coupole was simply disappointing. 

When we walked in, I thought that it would be such a fine, impressive place to bring out-of-town, business guests. However, the food and service did not live up to the standards of the atmosphere and the hotel it's attached to. 

We went as a group of about twelve guests for a business lunch today. A few of us ordered the catch of the day, which was the red snapper. However, it was so flavourless and tough that it tasted like the catch of yesterday. The parsnips that came with it were tasty though. Two people ordered the hanger steak, which presented beautifully and looked delicious, but they both said their meat was cold. 
Some of the waitstaff were nice, one seemed very inexperienced and a couple of others seemed snooty and apathetic. One served my salad in front of me, then without asking if  I'd ordered it, took it away and gave it to someone else. I even stopped him to ask him why he was doing that, yet he ignored me and continued on serving it to the other individual. They only offered us coffee and tea after we were almost through dessert. 

I'll be recommending to my colleagues and friends that they go elsewhere. This town is too big for below average in a pricey `n pretty package.笑
I went here on Tuesday, April 24th while in Montreal for a business conference.  I dined early and alone, and was extremely pleased with this venue.  My service was attentive without being overbearing, and the atmosphere was refined and "hip". 

I had a beet salad as a starter - prepared beautifully, and I actually took a photo of the plated presentation....and I am NOT a "take pictures of food" kind of traveler.  I went for the New Brunswick salmon with almond foam and mixed wild mushrooms, and it was simply perfect.  Fish prepared just flawlessly, mushrooms had a unique and varied texture and the appropriate light seasoning to let the "shroom" taste through.  I did not have dessert, but did have a cocktail, and total was 48$ CAN before grat.  

Would absolutely go back, without question.  Was French without being overbearing and intimidating, and there were some incredibly artistic sounding dishes on the menu.  Amazing daily specials, but I was locked into the salmon from viewing the menu on the outside of the restaurant entrance.

Safe area - I walked to and from dinner on my own from hotel, and was extremely comfortable as a woman traveling alone.