I've been coming here for at least 8 years now. It's actually my mother and father's to-go spot for Chinese food. They love it here!That being said, if you prefer a small intimate restaurant with not many people there this is your place. I've has lots of Chinese food in my lifetime but I can honestly say the small "home like"  environment is what I prefer but others might consider it a "hope in the wall" restaurant. Tip: sometimes the hole in the wall spot are the best!! The locations works perfect for us because it's in a plaza and there is a big lots a few stores down. We like to have dinner then walk over to big lots for a little shopping. Anything you order is great. My favorite has to be the shrimp and vegetables in the brown sauce comes in a combination plate with fried rice, crab puff, fried wing, egg roll, and my absolute fav egg drop soup. I've had their soft noddles, orange chicken, and a few other dishes and all have great sauces and great flavor! And all in reasonable prices!! Above all this, gotta say their customer service is beyond awesome! Waitress knows us, she knows what we like, and never fails to make us feel welcomed every single time! It's defiantly a gotta try! ;)Ǿ
This was our second time having china rainbow, and I can officially say that I am a fan. I decided we would try this place because it has two unusual proteins for a valley menu, Lamb and Duck. I'm used to these at nicer resturants back east but not out here. My wife had the Yuling Chicken the first time we went and I can say it was great. A full chicken breast fried in batter and perfect with the delicious yuling sauce and I had hunan lamb good and spicy...super spicy and tasty. I didn't care for the water chestnuts in the wonton soup otherwise it was good. 

Tonight we got takeout and I took the plunge and got the yuling duck and the wife got orange chicken. The menu "highly recommends" the orange chicken and for good reason, It was really good. I would order it for myself everytime we go but I'm gonna try something new next time. I got the fried wonton appetizer which was a waste of money even if it was just $3 it was just fried wonton wrappers with no filling I was expecting actual soup fried wontons or for them to be stuffed with something. Still a great place with really good and very reasonably priced food.Ǿ
Good food! Ordered through Eat24 app. This was our first time here and we liked it. No issues, will come backǾ
I like this place, friendly staff, quick service and decent food.  They have a nice selection of options.  I really like their egg drop soup.  My favorite is the orange chicken.    They have combo options for lunch and dinner.   I just order an entree and side of soup and take half home.  Combos are great value with a lot of food.   Give it a try.   I have been 3 times in two months.   Only once was it loud and it was one woman, not sure if her 3 dinner guests got a word in.  LOLǾ
I have been getting food here for almost 10 years now. They've got great food, service is always super fast, and the prices are great. Great destination if you're looking for a quick bite to eat during your lunch break. 

Check out the garlic chicken; it's worth it.Ǿ
I've been going here for 12 years now and have always been given great service and good food from day 1. 

Tucked away in a little strip mall this spot has been the only consistent establishment through the turnstile of businesses that have come and gone. Being said it serves up consistent good meals and solid with the customer service. For example I popped in tonight with a 2 meal take out and they threw in a large egg drop soup on the house. 

Orange beef is good as well as the vegetable egg foo yung. Nice reliable place and same owners since I've started going here.Ǿ
New owners. Back to being good. Alcohol is back, portions are now GINORMOUS during lunch special. Arrive hungry.Ǿ
I have lived in this area for 3 yrs and never thought to try it. Well I did tonight and will definitely be coming back. All the food tasted fresh and absolutely great. I am so shocked this place doesn't get more business. Awesome, awesome.Ǿ
I love this place! Delicious Chinese food with a few hard-to-find items. I personally love the deep-fried tofu with orange sauce! It's amazing! I'm vegan and they always accommodate me, and that is very important to me. I love that it's always clean and they also serve beer. During lunch it's very affordable with big portions. I've been coming here with my family for over 10 years. It's the best Chinese restaurant in the West Valley.Ǿ
The first time I had china rainbow I was 10 I think and I live in the east valley (currently Maricopa) I still drive all the way out here for orange chicken and low mein. I love them I'm 21 and still have not found a place as good, the owner knows me by name and is always friendly as can be. If you haven't gone there try it you will love it as for the food poisoning review who hasn't gotten it once in there life things happen I've eaten at china rainbow 100 plus times in 11 years and I've never been sick. If you don't know what to get order orange chicken you will be back!Ǿ
Cheap chinese food that is relatively tasty. I believe their menu claims to be the "most authentic mandarin, hunan, and schezwan in town" but seeing that I am from none of those backgrounds, I can't really tell if that's true. The food didn't give me a stomach ache so to me that is good enough for 3 stars, though it's a bit salty.

The food is ridiculously cheap, with lunch plates running for only $5 (including entree, soup, egg roll, fried rice, fried chicken and a crab puff). The other combos are only about $7. We all had different plates since some people didn't want to do it family style and make use of our lazy susan! Everyone seemed pretty satisfied and my friend who had the house special duck really enjoyed his meal. I liked my combo of shrimp and vegetables. They didn't skimp on the shrimp 

Too bad there were only 2 other customers aside from our group of 7. I think they should get more business. 

Oh, and they give free steamed rice and tea with your meals. I like asian places that don't charge for tea. That would be like charging for water.Ǿ
I have been going here since the late 1990s, and never once did I have bad food.  Their lunch prices can't be beat, and their food is just great.  The service is always attentive and the place is clean.  Very nice people, too,Ǿ
Delicious and cheap! The lunch combos are spectacular and worth the 5 to $6 you pay for them. I I had the Mongolian beef last week and I had to return twice that week to have it a second time it was so good. Each combo comes with hot tea and water, but they also serve Pepsi products including Dr PepperǾ
1)  Oil tasted old.
2)  Bug in sweet and sour sauceǾ
Food came out at different times. Food was okay nothing outstanding. Would i go again? Probably not I have had better china food nearby this place thats cheaper and the customer service is way better.Ǿ
Was not thrilled with the food... It was very bland. I ordered chew-mien which came noodle-less!  They were full of onions and celery. The noodles came dry on the side... Weird! I would not recommend this place.Ǿ
I have ordered from here a few times already. The beef lo mein, sweet and sour chicken, teriyaki chicken, and rice is good.
I would give it 5 stars but I really like pot stickers and theirs are not so great. I ate one and threw away the rest. Their crab puffs are alright, very cute but taste wise is okay. 
I will continue to go here because the ladies up front are very nice and it's fast.Ǿ
Great food for the price.  This restaurant has been up and running since at least 2003 to my knowledge and the food has not changed.  Great for take out which is most of their business so don't be fooled by the empty dining room.  Will also deliver if you call and request it!Ǿ
This is the worst Chinese food you will ever eat. Then, you'll get to taste it again as it comes back up. I had the worst bout with food poisoning of my entire life after eating here. Perhaps it was just their almond chicken, but I won't be going back to eat any of their other dishes ever again. I warn everyone I can about this place when it comes up in conversation. If you want good Chinese, drive a little bit further southwest to Big Heng on 75th and Peoria. Far superior food for less money, and you won't throw it up.Ǿ
Been coming here for years, I love it! The people that work there are very friendly, the place is clean and the food is amazing! I use to get the orange Chicken a lot but now it's all about the Bok Choy with black bean sauce! Veggie Fried Rice & Shrimp with Lobster sauce are also bomb! Try it out for yourself and you'll be the judge.Ǿ
Surprisingly inexpensive great place for lunch huge portions great tasting food. Authentic Chinese food well-made very hot in temperature nothing cold the supposed to be hot. Nice people usually not crowded so nice place for conversation.Ǿ
If you're new to the area or visiting, and looking for an amazing Chinese restaurant look no more! There is nothing bad on this menu, they are all so friendly and it is very clean. We have been coming here for 12 years and I haven't been disappointed yet! Try the orange chicken, egg foo young or the lo mein! Enjoy!Ǿ
Yuck....need I say more? Why yes I do. I love crab puffs and theirs are sweet!The filling tasted like vanilla icing rather than cream cheese. 

Oh yea, I almost forgot to mention the entree's. Hmmmm..nope I don't have the words. Just don't go.Ǿ
Awesome Egg Foo Young! We have been searching for a while for a good Chinese delivery restaurant. We have tried them all in this area and none compare to China Rainbow. The service is fast, professional and courteous. We love the young lady that takes your order for Call in delivery. The food we have ordered has been delicious and consistent and they have always gotten our order correct. :) 

Matt.   Glendale, AZǾ
Ordered the house chow mien for take-out tonight and it didn't have any flavor. Thank goodness for the single packet of soy.... This being said, all ingredients were obviously fresh.

The portion size, lack of eating utensil or flavor, single soy and fortune cookie made this not so great of a value for 10 bucks.

I'll go down the street to my old standby Wing Hing next time.Ǿ
I moved here in 1999. Tried a few places but China Rainbow has my wife and I as well as the kids coming back time after time.  The orange beef is great and the kids love the orange chicken.  I'm a sweet and sour guy which I order almost every time. We eat here at least 4 times a month since 99. LOVE IT.....Ǿ
Stopped in on a weekday around 2pm. We ordered the Seafood Platter and Scallops with Garlic Sauce. Order was taken promptly. Food came out hot, but was brought out at different times. We noticed this was the case with another table as well. Vegetables were fresh and crisp. Sauces were flavorful. Liked the spicey red pepper sauce that was on the table. The scallops were a bit rubbery and tasteless. Definitely wouldn't order the scallops again. 

Overall, food was okay. Nothing exceptional. Service was good. I would go back if in the neighborhood, but wouldn't make a special trip.Ǿ
It's nice that they serve alcohol here but the food seems really bland. I had the fried rice and orange chicken and really was not impressed. Sorry guys.Ǿ
My hubby and I ate here today for lunch for the first time. It was quite fresh and quite tasty! We both agreed that we would go back. Hubby had the beef and broccoli (requested spicy) and I had the chicken chow mein with crispy noodles. Both were served super hot and fresh and both had super fresh ingredients and good flavor. We both agreed that the egg drop soup was very good and the portion size was hearty.

I'll be honest that I prefer an actual egg roll over a spring roll, but it was good. I prefer a different kind of crispy noodle and next time I will ask for the thick kind. But all in all, it was better than expected for the price!! It is a good find that we will add to our list of dining choices!Ǿ
I'm still looking for that great Chinese place on the West side, that delivers. Am I dreaming the impossible dream? Apparently so.

In the meantime, I have China Rainbow. It is in my neighborhood. It is decent. I've never had anything that was outright bad, just unremarkable. They do not deliver. 

I appreciate that their veggies are not overcooked. The quality of chicken that they use could be improved somewhat. I think they use thighs.

I also always need to spice up my food a little bit. Sambal Olek is my friend. The noodles, however,  are really, really tasty -- though, a touch oily. They have that slightly chewy texture I adore.

Is it my ideal Chinese restaurant? No. Will it suffice? Certainly.

EDIT: I forgot to mention that their crispy duck is rather good!