I read a bunch of reviews before I bought a voucher to try their food. All of the reviews were pretty good, more positive than negative, so I thought I'd give it a try. 

Them menu isn't huge, but the voucher I had was for $90 worth of food, so that was plenty for my cousin and myself. The server was great, she'd seen these vouchers before and gave us a pretty good idea at what we could get. 

We started with Baked Brie; it came with baked pita, peach marmalade and a garlic parmesan loaf. It was warm and delicious. The pita was great and we polished it off quick. The garlic loaf was also good, but we didn't want to fill up on bread. I wanted to get some seafood items that I saw great reviews for, but my cousin isn't a fan and I didn't want eat it all myself or waste it.

For our mains, she chose the Chicken Caesar Wrap and I had the Stuffed Chicken. She liked the wrap, said it wasn't special, but good none-the-less. My Stuffed Chicken was another story. For starters, it looked like a mess. Presentation was terrible. It was 'stuffed' with mushrooms, brie, asparagus and other stuff that I didn't notice because the chicken was so fatty that I couldn't eat it. I struggled to find an actual piece of chicken. It wasn't stuffed, it was unrolled and a mess. The roasted red pepper sauce was flavourless, the pasta was filler and the veggies were freezer burnt. Luckily, I ended up eating too much bread from the appetizer that I wasn't really hungry anyway.

Since we had $90 to burn, why not get dessert? She got the Banana Flambe and I got the Gelato. Both were enjoyable; a much needed boost. 

The service was good and the place was very clean. Sadly, we didn't use the whole $90. I would've like to see if something else would've redeemed this place for the Not Stuffed 'Chicken', but it didn't happen. I was so sad; the reviews were so good! 

I don't think I'll be going back.Ǿ
My wife and I along with another couple got the deal in travelzoo We go out for date night quite often and I must say Social Resto has shot to the top of our restaraunt  list The food ambiance and service was absolutely phenomenal can you say culinary orgasim Had the steak must say it was absolutley perfect will definitely go again and soonǾ
Highly recommend! Went there on a friday night for our anniversary. We will totally go back. Everything was fresh and hand made. Each plate was unique and astonishingly well priced. We had the paella, brie and caramelized onion flatbread, veggie and chicken spring rolls and the pulled pork tacquitos. The pulled pork tacquitos were absolutely amazing! 
We got the Travelzoo deal, $45 for $90. We tried virtually everything on the menu and we can guarantee everything was good, great or better!
The decor is smart casual. It can be interpreted as awesome for a date or great for a group social outing. There is also a great patio out back, that is  large enough for a group outing.
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. Service was quick and all our food arrived fresh and hot.
If you live in Durham you have to go here.Ǿ
I went to Social Resto Lounge during the week for dinner with my boyfriend and we had an AMAZING experience. The restaurant was pretty empty, but it had a great atmosphere, the food tasted great, and our server was awesome!

We started by sharing a chicken poutine, and I have to say, it was one of the best poutines I have ever had! I would definitely go back just for poutine.  We also tried out a few of their $9 martinis. I would definitely recommend the "pink panties" martini. SO delicious!!

For dinner, we both had the steak, which is priced at under $20. I think part of our decision in choosing the steak was that it came with a side of white mac and cheese. 

Our waitress was very friendly and happy to answer any questions we had. She checked on us enough that we didn't feel ignored in the empty restaurant, but she also gave us our space to enjoy dinner privately. 

We are a young couple, but my parents had actually referred this restaurant to us because they enjoyed their experience so much. They went on a Saturday night, and said it was so busy that you wouldn't get in without reservations. 

I give Social Resto Louge a 5 star rating!! And I will definitely be visiting this restaurant again!Ǿ
I've heard good things about Social Resto, unfortunately I did not have a great experience there. My steak was overcooked and the mac'n cheese was quite soupy. I'm hoping this is just a one off, because the place has potential, and based on the over reviews it can do better.Ǿ
Absolutely love this place. Great food and service with a real downtown Toronto kinda feel. Tried it the first time with a travelzoo coupon and they now have us hooked. We always find another couple to go with us and really make a night of it. After dinner we often sit around and drink and they never rush you out. Almost always the date night spot we choose. A real gem in the heart of downtown Whitby.