I would give this place 1 star, but the view was worth another two.  2+1=3?  So the food was typical bar fare. Typical sandwiches typical drinks.  The service was lacking in just the basics.  Want silverware and napkins with your meal.  You gotta ask for it.  Want ketchup?  You have to ask.  Want someone to stop by and ask how your meal was? You have to go get the manager.  The girls serving were smokin' hot.  Incredibly cute and young.  Hot little skirts and outfits.  I guess you cant get good service and a view.  Why is that?笑
Great drinks and food. The girls on staff are really cute. The nice thing is the two pool tables.笑
Really?  We were told there is a 15 minute wait.  Hmmm.  I see at least 20 empty and clean tables.  What's wrong?  Not prepared for a busy night with the World Series on?  Maybe all the staff that is hanging out and not busy should get to work service customers!  You just lost a regular customer!笑
Superbowl, friends, burgers and hot girls!! what else do i need to say?笑
Wish I could give zero stars but here we are! I have gone to the website many times with the hope of getting a "signature dish" the kilt club, but every time i have tried to order to i have been told it is no longer on the menu yet it is on the website. i even asked for the web address to be sure i was on thee correct address. I was lied to and told the site would be fixed with in the week but now three months later it is still not fixed. plus what fricken bar doesn't have a club sandwich! anyways very displeased, they suck,don't go here!笑
So I took some out of town friends here for Super Bowl.  We had a great time, the wings were pretty spicy, I definitely do recommend them!  I had the BBQ Burger, it was good, nothing overly exciting.  I do have to say the service was great, yes the outfits are tailored to the sports bar crowd, but the waitress was very prompt and attentive.笑
I don't think there was any good thing that happened at this visit. On Sunday we came in a with a decent party and we're sat right away but once we were sat it took about 20 mins for a server to come to our table to ask if we wanted anything to drink. As the rest of party came in the wait time was drastically increased as to how quickly she came back to our table. From us ordering our drinks it took almost 30 mins to get a beer because they were out of so many different ones. We did express our concerns to the manager and it took another 30 mins to get our food order started. From there it went down hill even more. Orders were not taken correctly food took way to long to come out a member of the party even ended getting her food after everyone else had already finished. After we expressed our concerns to the Manger the server was removed from our table. We were told our meals would be comped as we were there for 2 hours and and hour and a half of it was just waiting for food or drinks. When we asked for the bill it took another 30 mins to get all of them which our meals were definitely not comped for what so ever and not even a discount was given or even an apology for slow service. I would definitely not go back to this location if it's always gonna to be 2 hours for food and drinks and horrible wait service. If I could give this no stars I would.笑
I don't often review, and let me preface this review by saying that the Tilted Kilt is not something I would review. With that being said... stop into the Warner location only if Felipe is bartending. I've bartended for about 10 years and seldom do I run into a true professional. He's a great asset to the company, an upbeat and genuine person, and even has a passion for magic. Not kidding... homeboy just showed me some David Blaine card tricks. I will come back every time I 'm in town.笑
Previously the service was pretty good and as I mentioned a good selection of beers, but recently service has dropped off. The guys serving behind the bar are pretty good and attentive, but recently they have hired a few girls who are rather inattentive and don't seem to care. More interested in chatting with the guys behind the bar....

12/1/13  - service is still atrocious, but funny how one gets used to it.  

So I walked in last week and thought I would see if it's as bad as ever.  Sat at the counter across from the bar as usual for approx 10 mins with the odd server walking past me without asking if I needed anything. So I do my usual and walk over and ask the bar man for a pint. Oh oh well they are not selling Boddingtons anymore - so that's a real downer. Never mind I ask for a Sam Adams and take it back to my seat, The barman says he will send a waiter over to take my food order. No one comes over of course so after another approx 10 mins I walk over and ask one of the waitresses for some fish and chips. Well I finish up my pint and fish and chips and ask for the bill. So the bill comes, but it's approx 2 x what it should be. I must say the server was very sweet, but very new and had obviously been doing this only for a few days. I wouldn't blame the server, but the totally useless management. How difficult can it be to ensure that you assign servers to each set of seats ; so that customers aren't having to hunt down waitresses?

That reminds me - I better check my credit card to see if they backed out the double charge....笑
The service was pretty good, the bartender was ok. As I walked in, I noticed that it had a strange smell. I still don't know what that smell was, but it was odd. They have a pretty good happy hour and they also have a reverse happy hour, which is great if you missed the first one. Overall, place is ok. I had fun with my friends the drinks were good.笑
I had the trainee waitress. Yay me. I wasn't a regular so I was more or less ignored. Fish and chips were mediocre at best, was hoping for more. All waitresses were easy on the eyes so that's a bonus..笑
Food was Pretty good, beer was cold but service was shitty at best.笑
We had a birthday party for a couple friends, and Lauren took great care of us. She took pictures of the group and also took a pic with the bday guys. Food was great, beer was cold - we had a fantastic time!笑
I love this place, and I understand that for a UFC fight, there is gonna be some backlog. But the two hour backlog in the kitchen and not being able to put in a food order is ridiculous!!! Haley has been an amazing server and totally deserves a raise though!!!笑
Nothing fancy. Kind of a rowdy crowd. I'd consider this more than a bar than restaurant.
Service was really friendly, though. Food wasn't spectacular.
I was here for a gig, but I'm not sure I would have gone otherwise. I do, however, love when a venue supports local comedy.笑
Full bar, good burgers, and cleavage.  What more can you want?笑
Server Phoebe was awesome, couldnt ask for a more attentive and friendly server. Burger came not as ordered, onion rings not cooked all the way, food luke warm, coleslaw has no flavor. Not impressed this visit at all.笑
My daughter called and told me to meet her and her husband at the Tilted Kilt on a Wednesday night, I didn't even question her as to why, just said ok I'll be their! 

Secretly I have been wanting to try Tilted Kilt for a while, so meet up with my friend, daughter and her hubby and found out its trivia night, omg how much fun is that?? 

Found out that happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm and I have to say they have a good selection of drinks & food on that happy hour menu, I went for 2 long island ice teas and some mozzarella sticks. Also ordered some potato skins with horseradish dipping sauce, omg I love love love horseradish sauce and potatoes so it was a win win for me on this dish!

Also I have been suffering from an extreme sweet tooth, that sometimes only brownies can satisfy, so I ordered the brownie guilt and asked for extra caramel sauces, and yes that did the trick, cured my sweet tooth for sure! 

Have to say  it was a fun night, our team placed 7th out of 12 for trivia night (don't judge us haha ) look forward to going back to Tilted Kilt to try some more pub grub, booze and play trivia!笑
I've been meaning to check out Tilted Kilt and the opportunity presented itself last week.

It was kind of funny. Besides the waitresses, I was the only female in the whole place.

Our server was busy but looked good so you can't really complain. Our food came out how we ordered and pretty quickly.

We got the Irish nachos, which were on happy hour ($5) and the Kilt Club and split everything. I really enjoyed the Club. It had a pesto mayo on it that was really yummy and really good bread. The nachos were good but I enjoyed the sandwich more.

I also loved the atmosphere. As a sports junkie, it was basically my kind of joint. They had drop down screens that played baseball so I was a happy camper.

Definitely a fun place to check out the eye candy and watch a ball game. I'll be back.笑
decent food with decent prices. been here a few times and the waitresses are pretty attentative and friendly. service is awesome and makes up for any faults.笑
Remember name that tune?  
Well, I can name (describe) this bar in 2 words or less.  

(The crowd goes "Wooooooooooo".  My opponent lets a bead of sweat run down their forehead.  They know they can't do better....)

Are you ready?  

Scottish Hooters

See if this is familiar to you.  Food that is ok in general with a couple of "specialties" that rise a bit above the rest.  Lots of big screens on all over the place,  showing the big games that are on that night.  And for some reason guys often aren't able to finish a sentance without pausing as their eyes follow one of the waitresses walking by.  

Now add to that an AMAZING amount of noise.  We were part of a large party and I couldn't hear more than 1 person from me without the other person yelling.  Then know that several times during your evening there will be jokes about what the girls, and the boys (bartenders) really are wearing under their kilts. 

It appears there is quite a bit of parking, but folks getting there after 7 on a Friday night had to park at the shopping center across the street.  It gets THAT full.

My friend, after checking out "the View" said, "Ok, I'd drive from Surprise for a glass of water here."  That really describes it from a male perspective.  No one will talk about the food when you leave. Only the kilts.  Which isn't so bad....笑
This is where I can catch a Red Sox game in the West on a big screen and enjoy myself. They have a drink here called the Green Monster...order it and you'll feel the buzz. Guys love it here because the servers wear very tight halter tops that tie above the navel and have lots of cleavage. I like it because the boys here are big, handsome and love to have a good time!!!笑
While it's difficult for me to give a place that serves Dead Guy Ale and cider on tap one star, the "pint" glass issue bothers me, as an honest and seasoned drinker. American pints are supposed to hold 16 ounces of delicious liquid happiness, but Tilted Kilt's thick-walled, thick-bottomed glasses only seem to hold 12 ounces (I also tested this with a 12-ounce bottle). I just don't see this place as having to cut corners like that, given its popularity.

Not to mention the fact that it's a bit shameful for an Irish/English themed bar to not serve Imperial pints, in my opinion.

Aside from that fact, it seems to be a decent place to watch games, ogle scantily clad waitresses, be cheated out of 4 ounces, or do other quite manly stuff that manly men do in sports bars. The food is also largely forgettable, but adequate for sports bar food.笑
Meh. Awesome beer, plus we had the hottest server so can't complain too much. Fried pickles were average, nachos were very much below average, toppings were very minimal...we picked on a few chips and left.笑
I have to say this was one of the better experiences at tilted kilt. Went here to see game 1 of the finals and the experience was pretty good. 

The waitresses were quite attractive and definitely we're not shy strutting out their stuff. Though our waitress was a bit slow in response during the game, she did check up on us quite frequently once we got our food. The staff here is pleasant and definitely worth the visit.

The food was surprisingly tasty. I had the Cajun fries during happy hour and for the price it was fairly tasty.  There were also a number of vegetarian options including a spicy bean patty for those burger fans.

Beer selection I felt was limited for being a pub - but honestly guys are we really there for the beer? ;)

Overall a good experience at the kilt. Thank you to all the ladies at the kilt for making this a worthy experience! Look forward to coming back here again. Cheers!笑
This is a great place to visit if you are looking for a sports bar.  They have a huge projection TV as well as many other TVs around the whole restaurant.  It is a great atmosphere for those people who want to watch the "big game."  I would say the food is mediocre and nothing to rave about.  The garlic fries are good but make me feel very unhealthy after eating them.  This is supposed to be similar to Hooters with the waitresses wearing revealing clothing and kilts.

They also have very odd humor in their menu that maybe a Californian would not understand.  Also the music selection is really odd for a sports bar.

Pros:  Great sports bar
Cons:  Mediocre food and odd music笑
All I have to say on this one is... AMAZING GARLIC FRIES!!!  If you want a relaxing atmosphere for a few drinks, a large patio to get some fresh air, maybe a game of pool and some good food, then this is a pretty decent place!  It's a good size bar, so I wasn't smushed against other people.笑
The wings and bar tender is hot but supposedly there US a 5 beer and drink limit??? 
We will go somewhere else tomorrow after  training笑
Food Poisoning... 

I have come to this location a few times. The first two times were good, the food was alright and nothing special. 

However, the last time I went, about 3 months ago, I got serious food poisoning from the Pastrami Sandwich. It was around 9pm when we showed up and there wasn't too many people there. The service was good but the food was terrible as I spent the next week with a knot in my stomach not being able to eat much at all. The same night I threw up multiple times and other things I won't mention... 

I would avoid this place and go to a different restaurant. I won't be eating here ever again in fear of going through the worst bout of food poisoning I've ever had.笑
Really great sports bar. Food is good, prices are reasonable and the waitresses are hot and very friendly. They even show the UFC fights, which is a definite plus.笑
Horrible!  Should have read the reviews before we came here.  A friend wanted to try it.  Teakwoods down the street is 100% better.  Service here is too slow for ordinary bar food.  Not to mention $5.50 for flat draft Bud Light.  If you can mess up Bud Light you could screw up a one car funeral!笑
Walking in it was clean. We went during the day it was pretty dead. 
Hubs got a buffalo chicken sandwich 
I got Mozzarella sticks
Friend got bacon burger.

The overall food was ok. Not like Amazing. The waitresses seemed to be a bit pre occupied with taking selfies and creating a human pyramid versus taking care of us. 
The place just seemed to lack management and the proper scheduling there was like 15 girls to 5 customers/tables. Way over staffed for the time. But what Evs would I go back probably not.笑
Stopped for lunch by myself one afternoon after a business function.  have never been to a Tilted Kilt before.  Sat at the bar, had a sandwich and a couple beers.  Service was outstanding, food was outstanding, reasonable prices and needless to say the women that work there are beautiful.  Great atmosphere, tons of televisions and just a generally nice crowd.笑
Garlic Fries are AWESOME!!!

The Girls with the skirts and boobs are awesome although sometimes they can be quite aloof.   Tues night Craps games is awesome.  Good place to watch football on sunday.  Most of the food is so so.

Fun place to meet friends.笑
For a few games of pool and a few pints you really can't beat this place. The staff are always 100% friendly and the Shepherds Pie if pretty good too.笑
I think the guy who wrote "Scottish Hooters" called it.  It was a good place to go after Heart Attack Grill, but now they're closed, so I never go down there...笑
what better combination for a regular guy: boobs and sports! needless to say I only stop here 'cos one of my male friends is celebrating something. Service is ok, and of course the kilted ladies will do all to get her tips....but don't complain if they forgot your drink was on happy hour, or that you can't eat a steak without cutlery. 

For beers...I rather sit always ten times at 4peaks!笑
This place is so accommodating that they allowed our meet-up group to watch the Victoria's Secret fashion show on the big screen last night! Talk about service. The service was also spot on. I ate before I arrived, so didn't eat there...but my friends did and the food looked fresh and delicious! They have 2 pool tables (lack of brush to clean off all the debris on the pool table prevented me from giving them 5 stars), tons of TV and lots of room. 

We had the only table with females, which was typical for this type of bar i guess. The servers were dressed in stuff that may have been seen on the VS fashion show! 

The prices are very reasonable too! Will definitely be back for the food ^_~笑
The service was great, servers were friendly, pretty good selection of beers, food was decent and reasonably priced. Was glad to see a token cute guy in a kilt. ;)
We'll be back.笑
I always get the same thing. I love their steak salad.  This time we were here for a game and we ordered happy hour food.  I thought it was all pretty good.  I like that they have a pretty good sized beer list.  I'll be back.笑
The WORST "service" I have EVER had in my LIFE. I arrived at 5:15pm and was seated at the bar. We received our drinks, menus, napkins with silverware at 5:30pm. We were not spoken to until 10:15pm. Yes, that was 4 hours and 45 minutes later ! We were totally ignored for 4 hours and 45 minutes with our watered down drinks, menus, and rolled up silverware in napkins sitting on the bar in front of us. Not a word was spoken to us by ANY employee during the 4 hours and 45 minutes. The only reason I would ever return would be to give them a bill for the time I wasted there. Obviously, SERVICE is NOT the reason this establishment is still in business.笑
Very nice new location. Went to old
Location 3 years ago. But the new location is better as it has more space. Went out with some good friends and we had Fried Pickles, Pub Pretzels, and Scotch Eggs for appetizers which all were delicious. 

For the main entree, friends had baby back ribs, bone in wings with the tilted sauce. The ribs were great, bbq sauce tasted well and fell off bone. The wings were great according to my friend.

The service was very good, only thing I need to mention is the waitress serving us delayed getting my iced tea and on refills. As far as the negative reviews of this place, don't really understand them, but our experience was very good and enjoyable. We will be back for sure!笑
Cute girls, very friendly and prompt service in a clean, new location.
Appetizer of pretzels with beer cheese was VERY good!.
Then things went south...
The ice water tasted like they grabbed it out of the street gutter and had a cement taste. Couldn't even drink it.
My husband had the burger and garlic fries which he said was good. Not great but good.
I had the fish tacos and chips. The fish was broiled and had a freezer taste and was tough. There was only salsa on the fish with one lime wedge. The chips were stale so I told the server. She mentioned that the kitchen staff is new.
Sadly, if this place pays a tiny bit of attention to the quality of food, they will draw more women. The place was PACKED and I was one of 2 women in there. Those server girls were so sweet and tried so hard but their product is just not good.  I have no problem with their outfits as long as the food is edible.笑
My girlfriend and I stopped in on Wednesday,  11/16/2016 around 3 p.m. for lunch.
We ordered beers and a menu.
The bartender brought us our drinks and said she would be right back with our menus....which were literally directly behind her....all she had to do was reach behind her and grab our menus.
Instead, she went to the end of the bar to our right, made 2 drinks and fetched 2 beers for a waitress, got new drinks for 2 or 3 other customers, and tabbed out a couple of folks.
I walked down to the end of the bar and asked her AGAIN for menus...she said, "I'll be right there".
She walked RIGHT PAST US and the menus TWICE without reaching her hand out to grab one for us.
She even waited on 2 customers on the left of us....AGAIN walking past the menus....before she FINALLY stopped, directly in front of us, back to us, and grabbed 2 menus.
We had been there 10 minutes and would have already known what we wanted and could have, at this point, placed our order.
She was clearly being obstinate and showing us that she'll get our menus when SHE wants to...not when WE wanted them.
when she brought our menus....FINALLY!!!....I told her to just tab me out.
I paid...no tip...and we went elsewhere for our meal.
Whoever at this restaurant reads this review, you need to seriously take a look at your bartenders, at least one of whom is pushing business away from your restaurant.
Completely not the point of any business.
This is why I was very specific as to when we were there....so the manager can know who was working the bar at the time.
I do not know her name but she is very in love with herself, has longish dark hair, and is very proud of her tattoos...one of which is a large flower at the top of her thigh or perhaps on her hip. Very visible however..
Horrible waitress. Horrible face of the Tilted Kilt. 
She should be fired immediately and whomever hires her should also beware.笑
So I just came here a second time.  Which maybe I shouldn't have because the first time was wonderful. I had great service.. the manager (jared) was amazing and I loved that I could bring my dog.  
I came tonight and it was the complete opposite.  I had suggested this to my brother ans multiple friends who I haven't seen for months.  Our food wasn't served at the same time and my boyfriends nachos served cold.  We then bought drinks which we were not told is not on the menu and the ingredients charged seperately... and charged $12 per drink ($6 for a fireball shot inside of my angry orchard) (that same shot is in another specialty drunk with ice cream for $8.00 total).  Charged full price for the shot and full price for the beer.  It was not explained to us this was the case.  We did not check if it was on the menu we just knew what we wanted.  The absolute worst part of our service was the manager Brent. As I work in the staffing industry I have to say it's upsetting there are so many beter customer service driven individuals who could have done his job better than him in their sleep. It's upsetting someone like this makes a good wage while others are over looked.  As we explained to him how upsetting it was that I didn't get to have a meal with my family all at the same time and how the drinks were served at a completely unfair price without any explination as to why he just repeated "I apologize for that". He then told us we should have sent our food back and told them not to make new food if we wanted it adjusted off of our bill....  (we came there to eat.. so we were all hungry and expecting food; hot and at the same time..) he apologized in such a fake uncaring way I couldn't believe it.  We were given free appetizer cards for "the next time we come"  (durring happy hour) as if this service would bring in future customers.  We were then told they close at 12 every Friday even though the door states two "The door wouldnt state 2... we never stay open that late".... funny... I have a picture of the doors tonight... they close at "2" on fridays.  The waitress later told us that they close early everynight because no one is there.... hmmm... wonder why.   This guy's doesn't seem to know anything about customer service or management and because of him I (nor my family)  will never come to this location again.  I will also be contacting corporate with an official complaint.笑
it is ok restaurant,  overpriced and girls are cheap looking with their skimpy outfits  not necessary . .or suitable for kids...girls put more clothes on !!!笑
Ok if you are coming here for the food you will be disappointed.  I had the quesadilla and it was tough and tasteless.  Now the bartender did help my lunch experience my showing off her big rack. But her service skills did lack.  Hooters knock off, kinda but if you want to have nice looking "girls" serve you it's all good. But have no expectations of actually having a good meal.笑
The girls are nice, they know how to make you feel special, the food is good too. I had the bbq bacon burger with sweet potato fries. Moderately pricey but I'd go again if invited.笑
Great place to watch sports events. Service however takes ages but thankfully we had the 3 hours to spare in a bit busy place笑
I just saw this on Undercover Boss and am shocked at how the owner has the gall to say he thinks his establishment is classy. He employes WHORES!  A few months ago, one of the waitresses came on to my husband and even handed him her business card with her name Lauren with XXX circled with a heart. The waitresses are dressed in bras with their boobs almost completely hanging out and the skimpiest little skirts - I wouldn't even call them skirts. It is a whoring establishment, with a restaurant/bar front. The waitresses are not at all professional. I am thoroughly and totally disgusted, especially after the owner goes on national TV pretending that his pick up bars with scantily clad girls are professional restaurant establishments. They are not. They are far from it. Start with the costume.  It covers almost nothing.笑
So, all that matters is this -- the babes serving the slop and booze were cute and sexy as it gets. The skirts and revealing low tops are the ultimate fetish. Way better than Hooters. 

Having said that, I could see the same thing for free by sitting on Mill Av. Why are guys so desperate they will go to dumps like this just to see college aged girls bare some belly? 

TV screens are all over the place but I doubt many male eyes are focused on sports when the babes are making the rounds.

THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE.  It's also overpriced.

Whatever you do don't order fried onion rings. Very gross! Most of the food is what you would expect if you went to grandma's retirement village -- except for the fact that her oatmeal would be better than anything TK serves.

I had to ask for napkins and silverware. Probably most guys that go to this voyeur palace don't use either so the babes don't bother putting them on the table.

If the baby dolls (waitresses) knew anything about the food they served it would help to avoid all the bad food. Expect them to give vacuous opinions about anything on the menu. The babes are very good at one thing -- when presenting the bill they bend down very low to display their firm bosoms. What better way to generate generous tips!

Actually if the babes were offered for dessert, I would give this place a 5 star!笑
Wonderful, I've known for two months that the TK in PV is now "the OU Bar".  Doesn't do much good for those of us in Ahwatukee, Tempe, Chandler.  Didn't get the memo about the shuttle to drive us all back after having 3-4 beers.  The new OU bar in SE PHX is Philly's, at 48th St and Warner Rd. Food is better, scenery is nice, and its closer.  They have been very willing to accommodate us, even during ASU games.  Did I mention its not 20mi away for us??笑
Best wings! Love them. Great place for a game. Service is good, not great but good. Not problems some mention. I actually like this location more than most others I've been to so far. I'll be back.笑
I literally just walked out without even ordering. We were sitting there for 10 minutes and no one said a word to us. Meanwhile, the guys who came in after us got their drinks as places their food orders. We asked our waitress if it was Happy Hour. She said yes from 4-7. We asked her what was on the happy hour menu, SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T KNOW! And said she would have to ask her manager. How do you NOT know what happy hour is? Was it because we were 2 females? Anyways, don't waste your time. Zipps or Native down the street are much better.笑
This place has potential but I didn't care for the layout.  Long bar is neat but instead of all the small tv's they should have put in bigger one's and spread them out.  The large screens are neat, but sitting in the uncomfortable chairs sitting to close to them was bad planning.  I believe the owner is a Sooners fan so that game rules over others, even Devils games.  The volume wasn't on for the Devils game, wth.  Waitress was lazy, didn't come by the table often.  Chicken Tenders were good, with sweet and sour sauce.  Sweet Potato Fries are gross, doesn't taste anything like 'em.  I'd go to hang out and not expect much in the future.笑
Great food, I had the California turkey burger with fries. Girls are hot, beer was cold, service was excellent and the price was even better.笑
Food is just average, service is pretty good, and seating is usually hard to find. Went here to watch UFC fight and ended up sitting outside - during the summer, yikes. Had one of the HUGE beers and got pretty toasted for a decent price.笑
Good fish and chips.  Ashley is awesome! Very friendly staff and the service was good.笑
I'm surprised that I'm giving this place five stars, but it really lives up to all of its promises. 

I've been in twice, and both times we were treated great. The first time we went and set at a long bar overlooking three huge-screen TV's. We ordered two of the beer towers and some appetizers. Our waitress was great - there when we needed her, not in our face. We were probably a little loud as well, but that fit right in. Our check wasn't bad either, for three people we spent about $15 each. 

Last Friday, I went in for some afternoon bar therapy and to watch the first few UFC fights. The two bartenders, whose names I forget, were spectacular. They had the bar under control, great teamwork. Overall, it was another great experience, exactly what I was looking for. 

5/5 for being everything a Sports Bar should be.笑
New location just up from the older store from, larger location service great, food okay, new building is bright and very open, seems to be a better atmosphere. The tvs are plentiful, center bar, not sure why they didn't put the bar down both sides with center pour beer and kitchen end server station with small center floor station on both sides. 
Experience Just slow on the start, greeted and sat then some lag to first greet by waitress, she was friendly and service was great! Just guess I need to take a breath and slow down. Slow times are when management should/could stop and check tables especially since this is a new location.
I told the waitress the food was good the fish on my street tacos a little dry, not her fault.
Overall good experience.
Should I continue probably not this visit was less of an experience than an endurance not so far as a new place that should be an experience-not so much!if the owner had any sense about himself he'd call me!笑
I actually went here several months ago, and just realized I never reviewed it.  Nice beer selection, good decor and plenty of tv's for watching sports.  I was actually there on a random weeknight with a buddy and I could count the number of people on two hands.  It wasn't exactly hopping, but the service was great.  A couple of the waitresses actually sat down at our table and chatted for a while.  Can't complain...笑
Just got finished eating here and I must give this location a 2 star rating. The food portions are small for the price, the food selection is slightly refined bar food, and the waitress didn't really service our table at all...when we were finished with our meal we finally got offered the 2nd beer..yeah no thanks.  I will never visit this Tilted Kilt ever again.笑
i should have read the reviews before going back. Downhill, disappointment... not what it used to be. Well, I used to go there quite often. No TV at home, for sporting events, Tilted Kilt was the place to go. Was. No more. Went there as a family, wife, 2 kids. The game is on big screen. Great, exactly what we wanted. So let's order food, and let the kids discover the atmosphere of a game. Loud noise, atmosphere, excitement... Instead of that, management (if it can be called that) declined any sound related to the event. So, help me understand... you are showing something on a big screen, but no sound? The answer from management: there is a baseball game coming up, and we are expecting people. Look around, there is 20 people in the whole bar (sad), 15 are watching the game with no sound. We asked, he declined. No one is here for baseball. Obvious. It makes me wonder, where does Tilted Kilt get people to manage businesses? From Airport Security? Or the poorer intellectually and customer service wise you are, the more you have a chance to manage our multi million dollar facility? In short, that was the very last time I ever stepped foot in a Tilted Kilt, the poverty in management customer service made me forget about the kindness of our server, poor cute thing in the middle. Managing is also leading by example, the example shown by management is that you don't care. So i don't care about your business either. There are plenty other places where I can spend my money. I know, I know,  you don't care...笑
Fun sports bar with faux Irish theme and guys in kilts...

Varied selection of beers (the national ones of course) but also local AZ brews as Four Peaks, Oak Creek and Mother Road. Some European brand as Guinness, Newcastle, Heineken and Stella.笑
I would give tk zero stars if I could. They put on a party for st pattys day. A complete mess. Extra help walking around doing nothing. No service no food and no drinks. If you have a complaint keep it to yourself. They don't wanna hear it. Table was supposed to be 30 minutes. After an hour of asking and waiting patiently I realized the hostess clearly did not care. And it was not that crowded. I will not be back. No reason to deal with the garbage for sub par food.笑
Not quite what it used to be. Its not bad by any means, its just not great. Food is decent and the beer is ice cold. Not a place that i crave but i'll definitely be back sometime.笑
Well, big bummer!  Dublin Stew is no longer on the menu.  In addition Kiltlifter is no longer served.  Queso dip was bland.  Fish was soggy and serving sizes have been shrunk. 2 stars only because the service was good.笑
The girls have nice boobs and so on but no personality . Not friendly.. Cold reception ...笑
We Got A Piper Down!
By The Rue

For lunch today was the Tilted Kilt,
I arrived in a car and not on stilts,
This is not The House That Peter Built,
When I play pinball I never tilt! 

My opinion it's a two star "pub",
A lot of T.V.'s and mediocre grub,
Take a shower or get in the tub,
Maybe the girls will give you a chub.

Went with the blackened chicken flatbread,
Lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle spread,
Right after I ordered I thought in my head,
I should have went with cheesesteak instead.

It looked good right when it came out, 
After the first bite I wanted to shout, 
"Where is the chicken" I should have spout,
But I sucked it up anyway, and I hate No Doubt. 

It's funny to see all the negative reviews, 
From all the guys who don't have a clue,
Don't get mad when the chicks aren't into you,
Go home and pout when you finish your brew.

The ice tea was rich and strong how I like,
Snoop Dogg called E-Z-E's mom a Frisco Dyke,
If you're a stickler for food then you might dislike,
The choices here but no reason to strike. 

It's a much better place to watch the game,
Don't even bother asking your waitress her name,
They get it all day long you're just the same,
Another tool in a used BMW, what a shame. 

Courtney our waitress was right in stride,
Efficient and cute and certainly not wide, 
To the girl with the huge tattoos down your side,
I would marry you tomorrow and make you my bride!!

HAGGIS!!!笑
The cheap thrills of Hooters in a much cooler environment with much better food.

Went for lunch with 6 men that I'm working with as the only girl.  Opted for the chicken tender wrap, "tilted", with blue cheese instead of ranch.  The wrap was pretty good, though I should have asked for the blue cheese on the side.  The fries were excellent - crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.

My objective female opinion is that the uniforms for the girls here are far more flattering than those heinous "flesh" colored tights and bright orange running shorts that the Hooters girls have to wear. 

As for the pub part, one of the group said it best - "We should have come for happy hour instead of lunch."  That's what I'm going to recommend the next time the vendors suggest this place for lunch.  I've never minded establishments such as this when I've got a nice cold beverage in hand.笑
I lived in center Phoenix and frequently visited the TK there, is was always a great place to go.  I recently moved to Tempe, and this TK is about a block from my house.  Now, I understand that anyone can have a bad night, but three times??? I gave the place a second and third chance, not friendly, and terrible service.  I feel like it is an inconvenience to the waitresses to have customers.  Very bad culture there.  So, I just looked up the rating on yelp, and yep, this location has the lowest rating.  Funny, since the headquarters sits in the same parking lot.  Avoid this one!  Enjoy the rest...笑
The big screens for sports are blurry and way to big unless you get the perfect seat to view from.  The food was ok, nothing great.  We had the clams for an app and they were very small and the price was outrageous.  We also had one of there big burgers which we ordered medium rare and was way over done.  Also VERY expensive.  We ordered there shepard's pie which was very tasty and probably the best thing we ordered.  The dinner cost over $50 and was no where near worth the price.  For what we got I would have been happy paying half what we did.  We will not be going back.  Service was very good though.笑
Horrible experience. Waitresses don't tend to your table. We were ignored for 30 minutes....not even menu's! Courtney was the waitress for our table. Never gonna go to this place again.笑
We live in the apartments behind the new location and are really disappointed with the new location so far. We got there on a Saturday night and despite not being too busy it took them about 15 minutes to seat us. Once seated we were greeted by the "Newcastle girls" who promptly got the guys beers. After another 20 minutes we met our waitress who took our drink order. She forgot the my drink and I finally got it after 45 minutes in the restaurant. About an hour into being there and seeing our waitress twice, we asked the Newcastle girls to please get her so that we could order. She came back very irritated and tried to leave THREE times while we were ordering. I felt like we needed to hold onto her to keep her at the table to take our order. The food was sub par at best and very hard to enjoy with a table full of empty plates and cups that were never cleaned up. The waitress also told us they did not have malt vinegar to go with the fish and chips. We got another waitress who found some and gave it to us. Two hours after arriving the waitress told us she was done and closed us out. We saw her an hour later serving other tables. This is so sad because it is so close to us but multiple people in our complex have said that they are very disappointed with the service. We won't be back.笑
First time here! Got stuck in Arizona trying to get back home to Northern California checked out this place, remembered seeing it on under cover boss! Food is good, girls are sweet, entertainment was great. Good vibes, relaxing kick back feel and environment; tvs on with something for everyone sports related.笑
I do realise this is the second day open at the new location, however, I ordered a black and Bleu burger it took over 40 minutes.  I accepted this as new crew blues.  But sitting at the bar ordering a beer on tap took well over 10 minutes.  The staff kept repeating it's our second day. I reminded them it's your second day at this location not your second day ever.  Most of the staff moved from down the street.   Here's the biggest irony of the whole night, I sat next to the owner at the bar.   He obviously doesn't care about service as he seemingly shrugged it off.笑
Wish I could give 0 stars. Came in at 7:00 got seated right away. Waitress never introduced herself or asked if we needed drinks until around 7:30. During that entire time she sat at another table and counted what I assumed to be her daily tips. Once that was complete she went and chatted it up with the hostess. Once she finally got done socializing she came and asked if we needed drinks. I asked for the manager which was very understanding and even offered discounts. I politely refused and my wife and I left. I hope the waitress made enough in tips because she might get cut on some hours.笑
We just wanted food! 
A fight was on and we were told they were understaffed so the host wouldn't give us a time and wouldn't even let us sit on the EMPTY patio - I asked. I'd have been fine ordering inside and serving ourselves sitting outside but we weren't given any options. 
It seems like a poor business choice to not only show a fight on a FRIDAY, St Patrick's Day weekend, knowing people will stay for hours, but not schedule staffing so the patio can be utilized by patrons...I thought this was RESTAURANT?!?
There also isn't ANYWHERE to sit inside while waiting for a table or waiting for a to-go order. 
Super bummed because I've always wanted to try this place but I'm not going to beg for a seat and a menu if they don't want my patronage.笑
The Tilted Kilt is your average sports bar.  Lots of TV's to view. Most are LCD TV's but a couple are projection TV, so the view is big. The bar is located on Warner just west of Kyrene on the north side of the street.  Lot's of beer brands available, both on tap and bottles.  Food is nothing to write home about, what I would call average quality. I'm sure the guys are not there for the quality of the food. I'd guess they are there for the outfits worn by the waitressess, which, by the way, are quite applealing. My buddies and I golf a lot in the east valley, so it's a good place to get a bite to eat after playing 18 holes.笑
A group of us came here after an Angels spring training game and every one of us fell in love with it. I was with a group of guys drinking for 6 hours surrounded by servers dressed in short kilts, baring midriffs, and massive amounts of cleavage, of course they loved it. We came during happy hour where domestic beers were $3, imports were $5 and almost all appetizers were $5. Awesome place to hang out, drink, and much.笑
After a long day at the office, I met a couple co workers and clients after the office to grab some food and drinks. I frequently go to the Tilted Kilt in Scottsdale near my house and I would have to say that this was a way better experience than the one I usually go to. The server was attentive to our table and made multiple trips for us to make sure we always had our glasses filled up. The food was exceptional, cooked perfectly the way a burger should be, lol. The girls here really make an attempt to make the brand what it should be. They always were there joking with us and made my guests feel at ease. Thanks Girls!!!!

We will definitely be back to this location when on that side of the valley. Thank you Danille and the rest of the staff for making such a great experience for me and my guests.笑
Horrible service. Disappointing food. Huge waste of almost 2 hours. 

We stopped in this afternoon for lunch and to catch up with a buddy. 
He arrived 10 min before us so I was quite surprised to see he didn't have a beer in front of him, we received our drinks and still he waited. It took OVER 20 MINUTES for him to get his Miller Light, there was no apology, no suggestion for a bottle or a different beer. We just sat there, being ignored. 

It took forever for us to actually get her attention long enough to place our order as well. 
The only good thing about our experience was the spinach and artichoke dip we had as an appetizer (it was actually really good, but not good enough to bump my review from 1 star).

My buddy, who was quite depressed about the NASCAR race being delayed obviously needed another beer to drown his redneck sorrows but despite telling our server, the beer never came so he went up to the bar and asked the bartender to pour him one. After she poured it, she went and pulled the tickets of all the drinks she needed to pour. There were five tickets, clearly standing there staring at her nails was more important. 

Finally our food came but we still didn't have silverware, (despite wanting some when our appetizer arrived). Since it's a little difficult to eat a salad without a fork... I immediately asked for one (again) along with more water. Now you'd think grabbing silverware would be on the top of her priority list, nope...chatting (by chatting, I mean flirting with her obnoxious fake laugh) with another table was obviously more important. After sitting there patiently waiting for a while, my buddy got up in search of a fork. One of the other servers brought the silverware over but slammed them on the table with one hell of an attitude. At this point, I'm so over this restaurant. 

Then I bit into my chicken. It's very possible it was cooked yesterday, left under the heat lamp for a day then cut into strips when my order came back. I've had jerky that's been easier to chew!!

Finally our server came over to ask how everything was...well I still don't have my water and my bf would like more coke, but I'm not holding my breath. 

We spent the whole time waiting and waiting for our server to do her job. It was ridiculous, at one point we started timing her...8 minutes for a refill is completely unacceptable!! 

She's lucky I wasn't the one paying, there's no way she would have received the 20% tip my bf felt obligated to leave. She didn't deserve it. She was horrible, incompetent and lazy! 

I will NEVER be back, not just to this location but the tilted kilt in general.笑
Wow, so this is quite the place on a weekday night!   Lots of TV'S all around the joint!
You won't miss a thing. The girls are all nice looking to say the least. Super skimpy outfits.
I think it is a lot better than Hooters, The food is so so but, not horrilbe. Give it a try,it is for sure something very different.笑
Best fish n chips I have found since coming to the US from England the home of fish and chips!

Great servers and atmosphere, recommend it highly.笑
A good sport bar to watch sports and hangout with friendly staff and plenty of TVs. I went there in a Monday afternoon which was slow but happy hour prices are very good. Kilt Lifter beer for $2, and calamari, steak bytes which I tried and liked where $5 each. Not a big fan of their shrimp dish though.笑
Was hoping to have fun but overpriced beer and unfriendly bartender ( Brittany). Really 6.75 for a beer. Left after one.笑
Don't take reservations. Asked for a table inside, was given an outside table and told we would get one inside as soon as one opens up. It's been 2 hours and its 50 degrees! Just a terrible establishment and the service is even worse笑
Boo!  Saddest service I've had in years.  Took an hour to get our food.  Kids mac n cheese was a bowl of melted cheese mixed with sauce.  Super gross.  I can't make my kid eat that. I sent it back for a kids hamburger, specifically no cheese and 45 minutes later we got a cheeseburger. My 7 year olds food took AN HOUR AND 45 MINUTES after we  arrived.  Her Lemonade took 1 hour after 3 requests for her drink.   I asked the server if the kids meal came with a drink or any sides, she said yeah, like brocolli or fries.  So I ordered fries.  Then I was charged for a side basket of fries along with the 2 kids meals of mac n gross cheese soup and the messed up burger.....as she dropped the check and said she removed the mac n cheese.  Ha.  Also asked if they had bangers and mash and she shook her head no and acted as she had no idea what that was.  This is a Irish pub and they don't serve sausage and potatoes. I wont even get into how many times my friends at another table checks were wrong or how many messed up items they had.  We waited for our second round of drinks for 25 minutes.  Discouraged we asked our friends at another table and they had the same lame service.  They were also given our round of drinks (the huge and complicated 2 drinks we ordered AGAIN) and sent them back unknowing they were ours and they weren't theirs.  Hot mess.  We also saw sides on their burger entree(tater tots) that was never offered to us.  It was Horrible! Under staffed and under experienced waitress.  Won't be back.  Sorry TK.  I'm pretty easy going but this service ruined our evening.  I can't actually spend money here after an experience like that.笑
This Tilted Kilt is alright...this is more like a 2.5-star review. They have happy hour every day from 4-7pm....but no mention of the specials from either the waitress or menu. Kind of weird, but whatever. Speaking of which, the menu had an insert left over from St Patrick's day. 

I've been to the Tilted Kilt in N Scottsdale and I've never been really impressed by the talent at either location. There's usually only 2 attractive girls out of 6-7. And they really should not allow girls with flabby bellies to wear skimpy clothing. In my not-so-humble-opinion. The problem with Arizona and this country now is that any chick under 140lbs is considered "hot" which is really fucking funny.

The TVs here are projection/15-ft variety which are fairly sharp and add a nice touch. And the bar gets packed for sporting events. But $25 after tip for 2 Miller Lites and a qeusadilla seems kind of high. A Miller Lite draft costs $5 for the largest or $12 for a pitcher. Why not sell a 32oz draft for six bucks? Tilted Kilt is alright but in this economy, I'd rather hit up a real sports bar or a shitty dive if I'm slumming it.笑
This place sucks !! Been here before and food was fair and servers didn't seem to care and were not engaged.  Went on St. Patricks Day with a group and server didn't even smile. Took half an hour to bring two drinks and water, and server sent another server out with 2 drinks and forgot the water I had ordered. Quickly closed out the tab and headed over to the SandBar for a great time, happy servers and good food.笑
After having heard so much about Tilted Kilt, I finally got a chance to go this past weekend (only to witness CAL demolish ASU).  :'(

The place wasn't too packed for the game (I'm guessing they were all at Four Peaks or San Tan), so we had some good seats right in front of one of the projection screens.  The ASU game was quite painful to watch, so I was relieved to be able to watch the AUB LSU game on the center screen without too much effort.

The beers came out cold (Sierra NV yeah!), and we even had a penny beer token thingy-ma-jig that the birthday boy in our group claimed for a Kilt Lifter.  The waitress didn't even take the token away.  Sweet!

Our waitress was cool and came by every once in a while to check up on us.  She didn't even ask if we wanted separate checks - she just came by with all of them separated out (+1 bonus point).

One gripe I had came from my food order.  I ordered fries at the same time someone else ordered a wrap (which comes with fries).  My order of fries came out 15-20 minutes after the wrap+fries came out.  What the heck?  I'm hungry!  The fries were pretty good by the way, and came in a decent-sized portion.笑
We just had our worst experience at this or any tilted kilt ever. This one is located on Warner and priest. We were greeted by a hostess with an attitude who sat us in what was later to be known as the black hole. We sat for approximately 15 minutes with no one coming to our table. We had tons of waitresses pass us and a few who stopped to talk to each other by our table but no one ever asked us one question. An older couple was sat at the table next to us and were waited about 3 minutes of being seated. That's when I decided to leave. I found the manager and explained why I was upset and leaving. I turned down a free lunch because that was not my intention, to get a free meal. I wanted Him to be aware of what his staff was not doing. It will be some time before I return here笑
Your typical cloned Irish pub/English pub whatever crossover pub. The "enhanced"bimbette was so preoccupied with organizing bottles and convincing management that she had bright ideas, that she left my empty plate of ehh fish n chips linger for a good 20 minutes before she moved it. Yea she's annoying. Thank god for her that the place is loaded with 9-5 warriors. Killer fries. Lol笑
First time at restaurant. Big screen hard to see when seated right in front of it but the overall "views" were nice.  Waitress was ok seemed a little busy and food was normal bar food.笑
Was a regular customer, however after today will never return. I live at apartment property  next door and have been a regular from day 1.  Walked in today there were empty tables and was told there was a 10min wait waited 20 mins and tables were still empty and i was forgotten of by hostess. When i asked the hostess what the deal was she stated "the tables are reserved for a private party" i walked out after 10 mins, aparantly tilted kilt does not care about maximizing business on a busy night such as the world series game. Even though i live a short walk away, i will take by business else where. Also bar tenders are not able to multi task other times i have waited up to 10 mins to be served a beer, when there are only 5 patrons sitting at the bar. Bar and food is over priced for the 1 star service this establishment offers. I have never seen so many disapointed patrons walk out of a establishment  as i did today.笑
Came here for the Packer cowboy game. Ordered a beer didn't see the waitress for over 45 minutes. Our table was here to spend money but they forgot about us.笑
We were seated right away, got our drinks right away and our food was very good. 

Great customer service and great food. I had fish tacos and my husband had wings. 

We will be back!笑
I have been to a couple of Tilted Kilts before and I like the sports bar theme with a ton of cool TV's. The food is usually just average. This time I went to this new location. Its huge with great TV's and a large misted patio. There were seven of us this night and the wait for a table was 40 minuets. Within 10 min we noticed a long narrow table open by the pools tables and sat there instead...this is where things go gown hill. Our server was Raven, wow was she bad.  We were all drinking and getting apps, so she could have made a lot on our table. We would wait 20 min for a drink, and had to go up the the bar a couple of times. We were constantly letting her know that we were thirsty to no avail. At one point she caught up and we had three drinks in front of us at the same time. She then complains that she will get in trouble because of all the drinks on the table when it was her timing that was off. The apps were good, but there was already a sour taste in our mouths from Raven's complete incompetence. I would probably go back, but not in her section.笑
This was my first time at a Tilted Kilt. It's a good sports bar, lots of TVs playing games and not too loud, clean, etc. I liked the long bar in the center, it looks like a long shuffleboard table that you can sit on either side of, good for a small or large crowd. The staff was friendly, always making sure I had enough jack and coke (which was on happy hour so how could I say no?) I really liked the tk Irish nachos. I thought this place would be kind of like hooters but I felt like it was more like a regular sports bar, just with a theme. Maybe I've been to way too many clubs and bars that have staff dressed in similarly small outfits. I guess I make this comment for other girls that might think this is just a place for guys, I didn't think it was tacky in that way.  I would add this place to the list if I was looking for a chill sportbar.笑
Great place - I've gone there quite a few times over the past year and have only had good experiences.  Never have to wait for a waitress and I always have a cold beer in my hand.  Definitely the best Tilted Kilt in the Greater Phoenix area.笑
This place is great for drinks but not for the food. Drinks are always decently priced and always refreshing and good. Awesome place to watch sport events or just to talk to friends. Comfy environment.笑
nice place good ambience.. friendly staff.. recommended for friends... hope to hang out soon again笑
Such a terrible experience. We were told the drink we ordered was included in Happy Hour for $4 because it was made with their well Vodka, however, after ordering 4 of them and receiving our check, they charged us $7.50 per drink. When we brought it up to our server she acted dumb and pretended she never told us they were included in the Happy Hour. This was on top of our glasses all having chips in them and cutting one of our partys' lips. We were regulars, but won't be returning to this establishment after this encounter.笑
Now this chain is offering a free burger of your choice (about $11 value) when you sign up for the birthday club. At this Kilt location, it is usually crowded and everybody knows the bartenders. Finally found a bar spot (after an old lady spilled a glass of ice) and ordered just a basic cheeseburger with salt/pepper fries. First off, those fries are too seasoned, so stick with the normal fries. My burger wasn't cooked properly, but they got it right the second time and it turned into a decent, average burger, but well worth the price of free. Happy Hour goes through 7pm and the large domestic beers are only $4. Of course, the women here get graded also and they will get four stars for both looks and service.笑
How else would you start a mini vacation in the Phoenix area.  Well of course stop off at The Tilted Kilt for a quick drink and a few ok appetizers. Potatoe skins and wings, beer and booze.   Service was great.  It was not too busy but it was kinda late.  Would I go back well only if I have to.笑
A few colleagues wanted to meet up for drinks and it was my turn to meet them on their side of town, so I drove all the way out to this location to have drinks & dinner.  It was around 6:30 pm on a Wednesday and it was pretty busy.  We were able to find a table and settled in.

I ordered a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger & Fries and washed it down with a pint of Smithwick's.  I've never had Smithwick's before, so I was anxious to give it a try.  It wasn't bad....a little lighter than I expected, but not bad.

The Burger came out after a short wait and I devoured it in short order.  It was pretty good and the portion is large...filled me up nicely.

After dinner, we hung out and watched a little baseball.  It was trivia night and it was kind of hard to follow the game with all of the trivia announcements.  Our waitress was nice and friendly and kept our glasses full.  Overall, a good night out.

Return Factor - 80%笑
They seemed to have a good thing going at the original store in Tempe but that didn't carry over to the new place near I-10. Super Bowl Sunday was a joke. We arrived an hour before the 3pm shift change and were warned that the manager was doing a computer reboot at 2:15 so if we wanted any food, we'd better order now. Huh? Server delivered half our drink order, but after 20 minutes, I asked the bartender if server had put in the order for the alcohol portion. "No. Sorry." He comped our drink. Day-shift gave us our check at 2:45. Never saw her again. At 3:20, we asked a different server if there was anyone working our section. "Probably." After another ten minutes, she asked if anyone had come by. No. The rest of our experience was on par with that. Food was passable. Luckily, our team won even though The Kilt lost.笑
Got an invitation to watch the opening season OU GAME...Got there early. Although crowded w OU fans already... Found a good seat. Soon learned... Sadly that the OU game wouldn't be heard on the sound but the ASU game would. Hmmm... You can watch ASU anywhere in the valley and hear that game, but the OU game was pay per view AND this bar advertised it would have it. So now we are there to see the game (along with A LOT of other fans) but we won't be able to hear it. 
Very confusing to watch a game but hear the play by play of a different game. A very disappointing evening to say the least. And to top it off... The owner of Tilted Kilt is supposed to be an OU grad. This is advertised as an OU bar.... NOT!!! 
Our server... Aria was great. Nachos were nachos. Many customers were very unhappy.笑
Ate there for the first time 09/15/14 with a table of 10 from my company.
The servers were friendly and my mushroom swiss burger was very tastey.
I will eat there again...笑
I used to come here to play poker. It's a chain in the same spirit as Hooters or The Library in that they feature scantily clad young girls serving alcoholic beverages and a variety of fried foods while multiple televisions pointed at every angle display whatever sporting events that happen to be happening at the time. 

Tilted Kilt is a little more like the LIbrary in terms of the outfits the girls wear... similar to a stripper's version of a Catholic School Girl. I've always found the Hooters thing to be quite unappealing. If you come to Tilted Kilt for the buxom girls, you'll be both relieved to know that they are typically of the attractive ilk and disappointed to discover that they will never take their tops off for you - no matter what you tip them (just a guess, I've never tested this theory). It's hardly worth an ogle... maybe a glance from your periphery.

So what's left is the food and the drink. Happily, the food is pretty decent - though it's odd. They have salads topped with sandwich innards and sandwiches filled with salads. I can't say it's health food, but it's tasty enough. I mean, who puts a philly cheese steak on top of a salad? I guess Tilted Kilt does. And it's not bad. Some of it is a bit flavorless, but add a bit of salt and it's fine. And some of it is downright great for that type of food. One of the better salad wraps I've had. 

This is definitely a man's hangout. I wouldn't suggest bringing a date here unless she also likes boobs busting out of tiny tops with bras showing, greasy fried meatatarian cuisine, and your attention drawn away from her lovely eyes towards whatever motocross, boxing or basketball event (in other words: beer commercials) happens to be on.

The atmosphere is fairly generic, but comfortable. The drinks are stiff enough. And the prices aren't ridiculous. It's like any number of places - Red Robin, TGIFridays, etc... except for the boobs. 

This place is between a 3 and a 4 for me, but since I can't say I'm a "fan" I'll have to leave it at 3. It's nice enough though and I wouldn't turn down an invite to go here... it just wouldn't be a place I'd pick.笑
Came here for the first time. We got sat at 7:55pm and did not see a waitress till 8:15. It was not busy at all. We ordered an appetizer and 2 burgers. The appetizer came out with our meal and neither the burgers or the appetizer were prepared as requested. Took 5 minutes just to get a side of tomato and lettuce. There was no apology for messing up our order and then our waitress disappeared when we asked for our waitress she wouldn't even come cash us out she continues to sit with another customer for about 10 minutes and was still there when we left. The food once done correctly was amazing but the customer service was the worst!!!笑
the service sucks, i literally had to ask for a refill, our waitress was more focused on her hair then our service. & the food was cold. obviously people go for the girls looks instead of the food & service is.笑
It's an 'OU' bar because the owners are fans......change the stinkim channel to Pac 12 and turn the sound onto something else and consider the customers wants instead笑
good beer selection - pretty decent food for a bar. service is random.笑
Very pleased with our first visit to TK. We recently tried Twin Peaks and we hated the atmosphere and the décor. TK was a big improvement, and the service was better also.

Food: excellent... menu was larger than we expected. There were several vegetarian options including a black bean wrap which was delicious. Pizza was also great.  My friend tried the beer recommended by the waitress and he was happy with the featured selection.

When we are in the mood for attractive servers in skimpy outfits, we will definitely come here from now on.  Twin Peaks offered no veg-friendly entrees, but TK really delivered on the food.  We also liked the Pub theme, and the clientele was mellow.笑
went in with a group of 17
we had nonstop serves

ice cold beer every time
the ufc fights are always on
awesome staff
good music
good for big groups

we left a good tip

they Used to be great,but then it has really gone down hill, with very variable food, and long long waits to even be acknowledged, even on quiet weekdays.

was on the verge of not going back

have gone 2 times both service like before

not sure what changes u made 
but i love it笑
was here drank 2 beers and ate fried calamry, wings, and fried shrimp - all delicious笑
Been here before with friends to watch a U.S. match. Service was good then. 
Came back with my wife tonight and waited at our table for over 10 min with no acknowledgement or response to a simple "Excuse me."
Upon our exit, my wife told the hostess our issue, who said nothing and shrugged. 
I understand that Monday nights are typically busy, and although far from full, the place was not exactly empty either. However, indifference is something that is a choice in service. One that makes my choice in pubs easier.笑
Headed in last night and as a bonus we had received a coupon in the mail for a buy one entree get one free. Waitress was nice. Food was good. Beers were cold. We had a great seat watching the UFC fights. 5 stars.笑
I loathe this place. Partly because its a faux Irish pub*, partly because the service sucks and the food is mediocre at best. 

I go to bars for good drinks and good food.  If the staff is hot girls in skimpy outfits, that can be a bonus, not a replacement for the other two.

There are places doing the "hot waitstaff" concept much better, find one and go there. Or better yet, find a bar you like that just happens to have a cute bartender, and be a regular there!

*True story, was once having a bad day and needed a good Irish whiskey to cheer me up. I asked what their selection was and after ~5 minutes of searching their backbar they found a (singular) dusty bottle of bushmill's. Nothing else... weak sauce!笑
A buddy of mine and I went last Friday for a beer and a sandwich. Although the service was not the best I wouldn't call it horrible. But what was really upsetting was seeing my bank account this morning showing a debit higher than the actual  total. I reviewed my receipt again to make sure I didn't add incorrectly, and I hadn't. 

The total was $15.40 and I left a $2.60 tip, for an even total of $18. The amount charged to my account was $19.25. I won't cry over $1.25, but I thought to share this to caution others who also pay with debit cards and spend a lot more $$$ at this Tilted Kilt.

Double check your receipts vs your bank account.笑
Sunday "football" Funday??? My wife and I went in to have a good time watching the Packer game and have food.  We asked if they would turn on audio to any if the games... The server says,  Corporate tells managers NOT to turn on audio for games and instead to play oldies rock music.  So we left and went to Zipps. It was busy and had a good sports bar enviornment...笑
For having a "normal" experience at one of the other locations, this one was great.  I do believe that the layout of this location is EXCELLENT.  The massive TVs are a HUGE plus.  I was totally diggin' that at my bar seat, the TVs were the PERFECT distance from my eyes where it didn't blind me.  It was awesome!

Another thing... GET THE DRUNKEN CLAMS.  I swear, I wanted to drink the broth after I was done.  There were a ton of clams and it was just great.

I also got the Gaelic Chicken... OMG. 

I absolutely hate saying "OMG" but OMG.

Get it.  If you like chicken, onions, mushrooms, mashed 'taters and an excellent sauce to top it all... GET IT.

The waitress was real nice and cute little thing too. Alana... I liked that she put her name on our little drink coasters.  That's how I remember her name.笑
We went here last weekend after an even in AZ. There was a HUGE group of us, we took up two rows of tables. 

The atmosphere was good, prices are affordable and even with a group as big as our, we had excellent service up until the end. 

The food was tasty, I ordered the cheese steak, a friend of ours had the classic nachos with chicken and beef. Both were good. The tea was a bit.... bland? I only had a taste, as it was my husband's drink. It left much to be desired. 

At the end of the meal, we were the last to be given our tabs and the server never came back to take the payment. We waited for about 10 minutes while our groups was dispersing. Wouldn't have been such a big deal if we didn't have to follow some of them to get home. When I approached our server to offer my card, it was as though I was interrupting her for no reason... then she remembered she hadn't collected our payment. I was tempted to walk out, but couldn't do that to the poor girl. I know what it's like to be busy, but there could have been more attention to detail here. 

I would go back, for sure, though. It was a good place.笑
First and last time at any tilted kilt establishment. Came to this location for a UFC fight. Came an hour and a half early and had told the waitress/hostess we have a table of 6 coming. 3 of us were present and they continued to move us to a much smaller table and took our chairs we had saved for our on coming guests. Either the waitresses had no experience in dealing with these events or this is how typical tilted kilt establishments are ran. Words of advice, not recommended, go elsewhere!笑
So tried this tilted kilt as it's newer and has a nice setup to watch sports. The server I had was not the fastest in the world but I wasn't expecting fast service. But that is not the real problem. 

Ordered chicken strips which came out in a decent speed. Took a bite and noticed something was wrong. The chicken was still wrapped in Saran Wrap but had still been seasoned and cooked. Got my servers attention and explained what was wrong. Her response was 

"yeah our cooks are always high as fuck"

and then she walked off. No apology, didn't clear the food, just walked away from the problem. Well I walked away as well and I will not be returning.笑
Our server stopped serving our table so instinctively I went to the bar to order a drink and she comes up to me asking if I need to order anything and I told her I already ordered my drink and she replies rudely saying "next time order through me". Mind you she was SITTING at one of the guests tables talking with them rather than serving us.笑
The appeal is not the quality of the food or the speed of service.  

The place is clean and the food is comparable to Applebee's.笑
Tilted Kilt is alright. I have been here a few times and what stands out in my mind is nice decor with many tvs, good beer selection, but crappy service and food. I am really big on service, coming from the industry for over 7 years, so when I get bad service, I get in a bad mood. The girls are pretty lucky they are hot because I don't think it would fly otherwise. The fish n chips I had were not good, obviously just poured from a bag, which is disappointing. I felt the server was really flaky and inattentive, she was sitting with a group of guys pretty much the whole time, while I was waiting for my napkins, then my malt vinegar, ugh. Then she came to tell us she was going on a smoke break and I don't think I saw her after that. All in all, I can appreciate a cute girl in sexy kilts (I was actually hired to work here when they first opened) and I love me some good beers and flat screens, but I will pass on the whole dining experience.笑
Went in twice the first time with my boyfriend and his friends the waitress. Miranda sucks ass her service sucks and she has no common sense and she is fucking stupid. Second time my boyfriend and his friends went in and she had a balls to ask my boyfriend for his number!! Tonight we went and she was our waitress AGAIN! And no shit same thing happen and she even said "ops I forgot ur Order" to one of our friends!! Oh and when I said something about him getting charged her comment was: "he still got it!!"  Bitch please I have more experience in waitress than you and I can tell u something and don't forget it! If u fucked up own it and know that the customer is always right!!! That is why u got no tip from my table!!!!笑
Let's start with the obvious.  The girls are dressed in a tiny skirt and a tiny bikini top. Yep, I totally get it. Have more guys in kilts! Anyway...
I went in to have fun with some friends on Wednesday trivia night.  You know, have a drink or two and some dinner and fun. Well, this past Wednesday the service really stunk.
Went and sat at the middle bar area so we could see the screen to play trivia. Waitress did not even try to greet us even when she passed us. Over halfway through the first round we asked Jeff, the awesome trivia announcer, if all the waitresses were on strike and only then did one come around. She was in a hurry to take the order and didn't even get the full order. The only reason she even checked on us afterwards was because we needed refills and I went to the bar myself to get them. During the whole time she was too busy helping the guys, putting her "assets" out there when walking by the guys and checking on....guess who... the guys. I know, it's a bar catering to the guys, but, if she would have been a good server she would have known that the girls also tip.
Also....a word for the owner... I was going to order more than just a soda and an appetizer, but you lost that sale that night due to your poorly trained server. I hope when you move to your new building your serving staff will be better trained that all customers matter!笑
Great food and great service! We always try to order something different when we go and have never been disappointed. Fantastic drinks and giant screen TVs throughout. Great pub.笑
More recently the new location opened up. Much better location and is very convenient for us. We can walk over to it. They even built a bridge for us to cross over the canal. The new location is also much larger than the old location. 

Plenty of TVs in the bar. Lots of seating. We love that they have plugs all over the bar area - below your seats at the bars and along some of the walls. Makes it convenient to charge your phone. Wish more places would have this. 

The day we visited it was pretty busy as it was happy hour. Service was good and food was hot and fresh. Happy hour pricing and hours are very nice! We were surprised at how reasonable our tab was. 

Beer selection on tap is nice. Wide range of other drink selection. Live band inside during happy hour and. DJ outside on the patio. 

I'd give it a solid 4.笑
We enjoy coming here for Happy Hour. Great drink specials and the appetizers are delicious, especially the chicken quesadilla! The servers are super friendly (even to a guy that is sitting with his wife) and they are always making sure you are being taken care of. Plenty of TV's for watching the games and very easy to strike up a conversation with whomever is sitting around you. Just a cool friendly place all around. We have been to a few other local pubs but this is one of our favorites.笑
super fun place for food and drinks. amazingly fiendly staff and super fun atmosphere make tilted kilt a must笑
Great place!  terrific happy hour.  My favorite server is Sasha!  Shes a riot and not your typical BREASTrant server.  The kilt is leaps and bounds ahead of hooters in attractiveness, beer selection and food.笑
I went there with my friend for his 21st anniversary. Nice atmosphere, good service. Our drinks were served fast and the food was average bar food. We enjoyed trivia night and had a great time!笑
Good cold brews, hot wings, cheese sticks all the good bar food you have come to love. Plus the girls were nice and very friendly.  Took some friends and everyone had a blast watching the games on many super XX large TV's.笑
Good wings but service is horrible. First time and last time here. Waited forever for a drink that never came.笑
Maybe it's weird that I am a girl. But I like this bar. The service is always spot on. The staff is friendly and the beer is good and cold. Has a good happy hour menu and it may be swamped with guys but I still like the Tilted Kilt for the fact that you know what your getting!笑
Okay place to hangout, grab a drink and watch a game. The service is always hit or miss. Food is definitely always a miss, but I mean it is bar food. On this particular night I ordered the Pub Fried Egg Burger; the bacon was burnt and the egg was so fried our table decided to use it as a frisbee.

If you are into scantily clad women that occasionally give good service, TK is definitely worth a try. It is just another average sports bar.笑
So I've been to three of these (downtown Phoenix, Scottsdale and this one in Tempe).  It's basically Irish Hooters without the pantyhose.  The food is decent, if you're there get the Irish nachos because they're always a hit (fresh potato chips + ground sausage / cheese sauce / fresh tomatoes).  I just feel like here, more so than any Hooters or Twin Peaks I've been to, the girls aren't particularly friendly or attentive.  Of course there are exceptions to the rule, but let's just be honest - most of the time when a group decides to come here it's for the scenery.  Flirty and friendly behavior will almost always equal bigger tips - but I feel like here more than the other boobie themed joints the girls / management don't get that concept.  If you're here for a sporting event, you can get a giant tower of beer that they bring to the table and that's actually pretty cool.  I suppose what I am saying is, I don't like it when places half ass their concept.  If you're going to have scantily clad ladies serving food and drink, they should make an effort to entice you to come back - rather than remind you that they're all aware how attractive and unattainable they are.笑
So I went here with a friend after spending a sweltering day apartment hunting in Chandler. I was hot, irritated, and in need of a cold beer and somewhere to hang for awhile. It was late on a Sunday afternoon, and I was parked at Home Depot across the street so I walked there. In other words, my expectations were low already, shouldn't be hard to please me right? Ha...

As we approached the door, we were greeted by a chalkboard sign showcasing the featured beer of the month. August's beer of the month: Bud Light. Wtf. Already I am rethinking this place, but we're thirsty so we go in.

Teeny tiny shirts and skirts on the waitresses: yeah, not my favorite part of the place. My male friend agreed, but you walk in knowing what you're getting into, so whatever. Skanky, dirty, sticky, food-coated bar during a lull with no customers: also, not so much a fan. Chose a seat and had to move because I didn't want to put my arms down on the counter.

The encounter with the bartender went roughly as follows:
My friend: So, the beer of the month is... Bud Light? Really? 
Bartender: Yep, Bud Light. (straight, serious face)
Friend: Uh, yeah, because clearly Bud Light is the best beer ever.
Bartender: Well, it is the best beer ever. I mean, it's my favorite beer. (still serious face, but now slightly defensive tone for mocking his beer-love.)
Friend: Right. So I guess I'll just have a Miller Lite then.

It's not a horrible place, and I'm sure I'll end up back there. I just think documentation is necessary when a bartender says his favorite beer is Bud Light.笑
Wait staff is second to none....Awesome! Had a great time, partied hard, definitely heading back.笑
Normal Tilted Kilt environment.   The gals were friendly and very pretty.  Food was good, tables and restaurant were clean.  Good place for lunch...lots of Tv's with good clear picture.

A lot of choices of draft beer.笑
Amazing, personable service with a smiling and friendly staff! Emilee was new (we were literally her 1st table as a TK waitress), but she was very knowledgeable of the menu and had excellent  recommendations. Even with our (*ahem) high-maintenance order, the food came out quickly and accurately.  The BBQ bacon cheeseburger gets an A+ ( make sure to try the "Kilt Burner Mayo" with it) and Fried pickles (also an A+) were both high points, and the Highland sampler platter was a hit as well (A-). The only knock on our dining experience at all was that we LOVE spicy, and the hottest hot-wing sauce Tilted Kilt had seemed to be hot for flavor, not for downright heat (B-).

Definite additional honorable mention needs to go to our waitress who basically made the experience - Her attentive 5 star service was awesome.  She was observant of our table's needs, yet mindful of not interrupting our ongoing conversations.  

Overall - Wow, this is an amazing place with great food and exceptional service...  A must-stop the next time we're in town, we will definitely come back.笑
Went here on Sunday (12/11/2016) for 11AM cardinals game. Got there and the place wasn't busy and the restaurant looked clean. Ask to sit by the Cardinals game. The game was on TV at the two ends of the bar. When I asked to have the game on in front of our table (no one was there) I was told sorry no we can't change the Tv on game day. I wasn't pleased. Especially since most ppl in the bar where cardinals fans. Not going back on game day :-(笑
Just had dinner here. We like coming here because it's close to where we live and the food is always good. Lots of tv's and the beer is cold. Our server/bartender (Katie) was great as usual. Thanks TK!! Can't wait for new location to open next month!笑
Ok food but horrible service. I think it's too much for the servers when they have to serve more than 1 table. Obviously guys go here to stare at the girls, I have no problem with places like this but at least have decent food and good service. It's funny how the reviews that were positive seemed to come almost 90% from guys!!! Haha . I wouldn't go back here because of the quality of food mainly..笑
I like this place, they have 3 projection TV's and I always find a decent place to sit. Order the Fish Taco's, they're Great!笑
To Hell with Hooters and Half Moon! They ain't got sh*t on the Kilt.  Whoops the Ni99a came out for a min.  Get back in there, they're not ready. lol The Kilt has decent plasmas, and lots of room (except for UFC matches, so crowded no one else was admited). 

I love the 3 dollar jack and cokes (24/7 - 365), and the hot wings here are to fall back in your chair and die for. Not to mention the Tempe location has some very attractive eye candy for me and my entourage. 

Ask me about a good sports bar for UFC and this is it.笑
Service is decent. Happy hour was good when the new location opened but the menu changed quickly and now sucks. Appetizers on happy hour are all garbage and they even raise the price of chips and salsa during happy hour. Regular price is 4.50, but during happy hour it's 5? WTH? This is not just an oversight. Offer a better product and stop putting nothing but guys behind the bar.笑
My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to watch the UFC fights and they happened to be one of the few places that were showing it. The place was easy enough to find which is important and the parking was convenient. When we walked in there was (of course) a small cover charge and we were paper wrist banded. It was pretty crowded as many people were looking forward to this fight night. We found a few spots up at the bar and squeezed our way in. We were immediately handed menus and offered beverages which we took advantage of. Throughout the evening, we enjoyed ourselves as the service was surprisingly attentive for the amount of business they were doing. The wings were delicious, but cannot say the same for our attempt to be healthy. The side of steamed veggies were just basically over cooked frozen vegetables. Oh well, it is a sports bar... All in all, it was a good night and not too expensive. We will be back.笑
TERRIBLE!!!  work close and have clients who also work close to the Tempe location. My self, 3-4 co-workers or 2-3 clients would visit the old location at least 3 times a month. Loved the food, the staff, atmosphere and the noise level. Not to loud but loud enough. We have been to the new location just up the road 3 times since it opened. That's about once a week. All at different times and on different days. The new place stinks!! We have not gotten out of there in under 2 hours yet!! The average is 33 minutes from the time out food is given to the kitchen before it comes to us. Each time the orders are wrong. Drink service is slow and the place is so loud you can't even hear people at your table and that is at lunch time!! The music is ridiculously loud. The managers have offered us 50% discount each time to apologize. What happened to the way things were ran at the old place? It has to be the many of the same staff and kitchen team that works there. We see the many familiar faces. The serving staff tries but the have zero support. Every time we are there, everyone around us at other tables all have issues and the manager visits nearly every table to put out the fires. This place had better get its s*#% together or it's not going to make it. Neither me, my coworkers nor our clients wish to go back there until something changes. It's sad because we would spend hundreds of dollars a month in there but I  guess that's small potatoes these big guys. 

Sad - very sad to see how far they have fallen.笑
Well I am somewhat of a regular here but after tonight they may have lost me as a customer all together. I've never had such horrible service in my life than I did this evening, "Danni" was absolutely horrid. 

Not only did I have to chase her down to place my order after 30 minutes, then she took it upon herself to change my order because she "assumed" I would want it this way. After waiting an additional 20 minutes to flag her down to get my bill she proceeded to serve another table, and sit down at one table to get their order. This was ridiculous! 

#endrant笑
This is not my first time here, so imagine my disappointment when the service sucked this time.  Sad part is that i have family from out of town with me.  Our waitress first off got the beers mixed up, OK things happen, next did not really listen to what we ordered.  My niece ordered BBQ sauce instead of ranch and mandarin oranges instead of fries and when the food came out she got ranch and fries, when the check came we got charged for the waitress' mistake.  I ordered chicken wings with blue cheese and guess what i received ranch dressing, on the ticket i was charged for that also.   I was also kind of surprised that for the price of wings you only get 8.  The parking sucked on top of all this.  I was so embarrassed that i brought my out of town guest to this place and after watching Undercover Boss, very sad.  The owner might want to check out this place himself.  It will be a long time before i go back myself or take anyone else there.笑
Just had one of the most awesome burgers ever!  A bit crowded because of college football but still getting great service. Waitress let us know she would be with us in a minute and she was. Beer selection is great and cold. Love the 'rail', feels like sitting at the bar, but faces the big TVs instead. Well be back.笑
Pros: Servers are terrific and are pretty hot (that's pretty much the point of this place), but more so than that is that they have so many TVs that pretty much any game you want to watch will be available to watch. 

Cons: The food is blagh. It tasted like eating leftovers that weren't warmed up properly. 

Overall, it's a 3.5, but I'll give it 4 (instead of 3) because our server was so attentive. It's the level of service that the wait staff in all restaurants should strive for.笑
Terrible service. Wings were just okay.
WARNING watch out for the bartenders writing in/changing tips on your receipts....Didn't notice on my account until a week later, but the bartender took it upon herself to write in a $3 tip on my receipt. I keep my receipts and usually leave a $ in the tip spot(meaning I left cash as tip)  but I can't believe some bartender was so damn greedy she needed to write in a 3 tip on my receipt which easily changed the total from 11 to 14. Smart. Wonder how many times this b!tch has gotten away with that trick. Name on ticket was MARCI, but I don't remember if that was the actual bartenders name. 
Will not ever be back!!笑
Not Good......

I have eaten at many of the "Hooters" type of spinoff restaurants. This was my first time at Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery. The ambiance was okay however the service here is horrible. The servers "Kilt Girls" would congregate around the reception desk, and look board, instead of "up-selling" or even just coming by the table and ask if we are okay. I did notice smiles when our server came to our table, however when our "Kilt Girl" and other servers left their table, it turned into grins, and bared the look of a un-enthused employee. We had to flag down our waitress several times, she forgot things we had asked for and was incredibly slow. The entire waitstaff seemed lethargic and unenthusiastic about their product and atmosphere. The servers represent the product and should be part of the product they are creating. Places like "Hooters" are well trained and confident and energized about their product, along with representation, presentation and theme. The hard critique just comes from over 35 yrs in the entertainment, & service industry...which is a hard thing to sell. This brand is a nice concept and looks nice, and albeit may be okay with the regulars, however with a seasoned service veteran I can see the flaws in this model. It could use improvement  in several phases. I believe the staff could utilize a great deal of re-training with an emphasis on customers service and pride in their brand.

Conclusion;  I will not go back, and will visit elsewhere for a "view" and a brew, I left this place feeling heavy, and let down as a customer...笑
I was expecting better service, or at least decent service. The waitress basically ruined the first experience here for my friends and I. We visited on a slow Tuesday evening and the waitress took 15 min. to approach our table and take our orders. In fact, after she took brought our drinks we had to let the hostess know that we had been sitting waiting to order. Even after that, she refilled ONE of my friend's drinks and never checked on us again. She then, took another 20 minutes to take my payment after we were finished dining. Again, we had to let the hostess know that we had been waiting and were ready to pay. 
Overall, the food is delicious but the service was truly disappointing.笑
MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT! One of the most frustrating and insulting experiences I've had in many years. Stay far away from this place because there are much better places to eat and drink nearby.

Everything started out normally. I came in alone thinking I would catch the happy hour on their "$2 Tuesday." Business was a little slow so I was greeted and seated promptly and within 5 minutes I had spoken to two of the waitresses and placed my drink order. The young lady who took my order even commented that my selection was in line with their "$2 Tuesday" pricing event. I was also informed that the waitress who's section I was seated in was "busy at the moment but would be right over."

This is where things started to go sideways. After 20 minutes I still had not been served.
Finally, Anisha, my waitress came and introduced herself and informed me that my drink order had been submitted. (no choice of glass size was ever offered or requested - I'll get to this later)

Five minutes later my first drink arrived. Time passes and after finishing my first drink the glass sat on the table, empty, for a good 15 minutes as my server walked past several times before I was asked if I wanted another. This was to be a reoccurring theme during my stay. I ordered another drink and some food. Food quality and turn-around time was good but the wait time for drinks was still unacceptable.

I ordered one more drink and asked for my ticket to be closed out. Upon receiving my bill I noticed that I had been charged FULL PRICE for my drinks. When I brought this to my server's attention, I was informed that the $2 Tuesday price was for a "regular" size glass and that I was being served in the 20oz glass. Remember the "no choice of size offered" statement above?
  
I paid the tab but that little (intentional) omission of the size of the glass, was paid for with (what would have been) the young girl's tip.

I WILL NOT BE BACK and I strongly suggest you take your business elsewhere! There are plenty of other nearby establishments who treat their customers with more respect, honesty and provide more efficient customer service.笑
Great place to hang out for the UFC fights! But come early to get a table! Otherwise if you have to get lucky like us and waited till people moved from the bar. But the bartender "Bree" showed amazing customer service. She served us among the many spectators of the fight with fast service and great attitude! First time at this location and if everyone has the same work ethic as Bree... I will definitely be coming back! Keep up the great work Bree! Respect!笑
Fried pickles are the best!  Liz was a GREAT waitress!!!  Nice restaurant will defiantly be back!笑
I called their Tempe location to ask a few questions about the Halloween party tonight and experienced clueless workers. How about making available some answers to FAQ's so workers can refer to those notes if someone calls and not subject them to clueless workers with non-answers?  I tried emailing management earlier in the week and received no replies, even after multiple attempts.  I emailed:   tcarlos@tiltedkilt.com and 
gm102@tiltedkilt.com  which I got from the Tilted Kilt web site.  No reply笑
The new menu is good. Great place to watch a game, huge TVs everywhere. Overall, above average, good pub food. Inside is pub trendy, clean and well lit. Patio is nice id weather permits.笑
Somebody thought it was a good idea to put men in skirts behind the bar yea 
This is nothing like Twin Peaks you know good looking girls serving drinks no 
Haha for real it's two dudes behind the bar 
Yea there are waitresses that are pretty but this IS NOT TWIN PEAKs笑
Went into watch a little football. Ordered Baileys on the rocks...it's an Irish bar so that should be no problem right? Oh ummmm sorry we're out of Baileys Irish cream. Hmmmm seriously SMH!笑
Only 20 minutes to get a beer... When they are dead. There are more waitresses sitting at tables than working! ... I take that back they are "working".笑
Walk in and to be told there is a wait while we see empty table and seats?? On a night to see the World Series game they should be sitting down people quick to make money instead there pulling the whole "it's reserved" crap. The girls here have horrible customer service and the whole staff is useless. I chose to come here because i live right next to the apartments and it's very convenient to walk to but with the bad service today I think I'll take my business to zipps better.笑
Been here a few times for business. Have to say the food is good, comes out hot, and to order. The servers here aren't as friendly as other ones but they are still professional and take care of the table. The only draw back is going to watch football here, twice now was in the bar and the server was working my table and tables clear across the place, she always was saying sorry, but I don't fault her, it's not her job to assign tables.

The food is spot on though, always hot, always to order, even if you ask for tons of alterations to the items.笑
I had no idea that this place was a large national chain because, surprisingly, it has more of a 'local-bar' feel, complete with all the tools and townies in here who think that they will hook up with a waitress because he ordered a Hoegaarden instead of a Miller Lite.  

Its a totally cheesy bar, but its not bad as a gamewatching spot for a game that you aren't completely invested in, maybe catching a beer, some chicken tenders, and a couple of quarters of the game before moving on to Home Depot across the street or something.  

Writing this review, I'm actually surprised upon recollection how many times I had been here.  We used to come for Suns playoff games, which was virtually impossible for seating purposes (at this point they start having table-waits) and parking.  The atmosphere was better than your average Valley sports bar however.  People seem to really care about sports here, though I wouldn't really classify it as a 'sports bar', rather a neighborhood type bar with screens.

I also used to come here for poker nights, which I doubt they still do as too many 'bags came to drink iced tea and wouldn't tip the waitresses.  Maybe someone can inform if they still do.

Then, we used to come after soccer rec league games, which was kind of a dweeby thing to do in our footy kits, but whatever.  It was a few years ago, anyway.  Still, this is the type of place that gets people right from their beer guzzler rec leagues and into the bar still in their Mark Mitsubishi (Mark Mitsubishi) sponsored baseball tees.  This is the primary reason why you won't want to stick your hands into the huge barrels of Gardetto's mix, despite the unreal temptation for a dabble.  

Overall, i suppose I can't really hate on this place too much.  Its kind of weak, but it is a decent option, particularly in the 'Took, where there just ain't many other options.  Just don't be one of the wanks who tries to pick up a waitress for the love of God.笑
I'd been wanting to try one, they don't have a TK up where i am from NorCal. All i can say was WOW. This place made Hooters seem like McDonald's.  First off, the food was very good for a pub/sports bar spot, with an actual menu. The staff was not only beautiful, no attitudes and they actually knew how to serve and take care of their customers. The place had a great vibe and me and the boys will definitely be back! Our waitress was a total pro!笑
Absolutely the worst tilted kilt I've ever been to in my life! I walk into watch the game the hostess tells me I can sit anywhere I want and someone will be right with me. After 15 minutes of waiting, my buddy finally showed up... still no waitress. After another 10 minutes he had to flag a waitress down and she said let me find who is in your section... (while she's taking care of three tables right around us). So she passes us off to some other waitress who's in the area and she comes over all smiling and happy fake attitude... I gotta tell ya, this place is so disgusting, it didn't seem like there was a girl waitress over the age of 17 there, almost makes it seem like the guy hiring them is a fucking pedophile. It just rubbed me the wrong way that's all, wasn't as enjoyable as I hoped it would be.. (watching a game with a buddy) just irritated the shit out of me. I'm sure other TK's are better than this, I'll just never return to this one.笑
Strictly a T & A place. Poor food (4.5 potato skins for $8, why the half I do not know, and the size of red pototatos), large screen TVs with tables too close to watch (this is not a sports bar) with music playing overhead during games. Service is air-heady but very cute.