Decent thai, have had the crispy fish, today spicy cashew nut chicken.  Good flavor, a little too tomato-y for my taste.  Cute spot in old town.笑
I am a lover of thai food and will try a local Thai place whenever I go to a new city. I wish I could say this place was delicious but unfortunately it was the opposite. This place was over priced Americanized Thai food. 

We ordered the drunkin noodles, the beef walnut stir fry, the Thai appetizer platter and the papaya salad. The drunkin' noodles had the thin pad Thai noodles when it usually has the flat rice noodles, the meet was crumbling and there were no vegetables at all. The papaya salad barely had any papaya in it with no real flavor, the best part about appetizer platter was the different types of sauces. Honestly the only appetizing meal was the stir fry. 

In conclusion, the only great thing about this place was the ambiance and the out door seating. Otherwise I'd take your money to another Thai place. If it helps at all, I've had better Thai food in the middle of no where south India.笑
WOW. That is what I have to say about Malee's.  They know what they are doing and they did a great job at it.  We have cooked and eaten lots of Thai food and Malee's is right up there with some of the best.  

From the Curry sauces, to the simplest of spring rolls, it was excellent.  We went on a Thursday and came back for take-out the following night.  Even the take out was AWESOME, they didn't miss a beat and everything was perfect.  

We ordered the following, in order of our favorites:

Burma Gai
Tropical Pineapple
Thai Basil Margarita (tasty)
Drunken Dragon wraps (a little bit salty)
Malee's Roasted Duck
Spicy Cashew Beer (tasted like it was a crocpot meal)

Hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  When we come back to visit Scottsdale, Malee's will be one of the first meals.笑
I went to Melee a couple of years ago and really liked it. So I went again last Saturday with my wife and it was awful. I would give one star for the food, but the waiter was nice and I like the space.

We had the Crab Rangoon as an appetizer, which was supposed to be a deep fried dumpling with crab and cream cheese. Maybe it's me but I did not taste any crab what so ever, just some deep fried something with something mushy inside, probably the cream cheese. 

We had a seafood type entree which was OK (Thai Basil type). No worth the premium but OK. We also had the curry duck, which was plain disgusting. I had a couple of bites and that was it. For sure the worst duck I ever had. Must have been dead for a long, long time.

With the foul taste in my mouth, we passed on the desert. 

Quite a disappointment.笑
Malee's on Mill is solid, reasonably-priced, standard Thai fare.笑
The first time I ever had Thai Food was at this restaurant ten years ago. Malee's was one of the first good Thai restaurants around at that time in Arizona. Thai food was just starting to gain popularity. I remember their dishes being spicy, creamy, and delicious! This love for Thai food progressed and ranges from traditional dishes and hole in the walls to fusion fine dining. Malee's will always be a first that I'll never forget.笑
Great thai food. We went for an early lunch on a Saturday.  They seated us right away and were quick with the food when we ordered.   I ordered the pad Thai and they were very accommodating to my food allergies.   I ordered it mild and it was a perfect match to the level of spice I wanted. I will definitely come back.笑
I usually get the same thing here. I'm"m a creature of habit. I had the summer rolls and drunken dragon noodles. The summer rolls are fantastic. I love their peanut sauce they serve with it. The drunken dragon noodles were the perfect level of spicy tonight. I had it regular hot. I've ordered it Thai hot before and believe you me....I started tearing up it was so hot. 
I've had their dinner salad and Thai iced tea here before too. Both were very good. The only thing I don't like about this place is the noise level. It's just one open large dining area with the tables so closely together so extremely noisy.笑
Visiting Scottsdale for the first time and following the reviews on Yelp, we decided on a night of Thai and Jazz. All of this on a Monday which is usually a slow night for restaurants. The music was lovely and not intrusive. The food was delectable and served by a charming young lady who truly knows her craft and made us comfortable from the time we walked in. When in Old Scottsdale, give this place a try.笑
I didn't get a chance to try the menu I heard great things about, because walking into the restaurant we encountered OFF THE BAT terrible service. The woman at the front desk, older and a little bit round, had a cast on her arm.... had zero sense of urgency to get us seated. She sat there and fiddled around trying to find us a place to sit (mind you, there were about TWENTY OPEN TABLES all around us)... I'm sorry, if youre holding a bunch of open tables for reservations but you have 2 people in front of you who are starving and ready to eat, you should probably forfeit a table to them; I dont know if that was the case I can only assume. She then struck up a conversation with someone while we stood behind them while they carried on for a solid five minutes. We walked out.笑
Yummmy!!!

Last weekend I was visiting Scottsdale with my mom and we met up with a friend of mine here. That was definitely a good choice :)

Pros-
- Lots of options on the menu, and they are clearly explained so there is minimal confusion
- Every dish has the option to be changed (perfect for picky eaters like myself!)
- Generous portion sizes
- Fair prices, nothing was over $20
- The staff was very personable! Such nice people who love what they do!
- Efficient service

Cons-
- I ordered a side of noodles and never got them :(

But above all else DON'T FORGET TO:
TRY THEIR NEW SPRING ROLLS BTW. I forgot the name, but it's the Chicken ones on their latest menu. SOOOO good!笑
Only one bad experience .  I have been back 6 times and the food is always great.  The jalapeno fried rice with chinese sausage is to die for.  The firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner.  Their mixed drinks are always welll made.  .Great atmosphere笑
Had the Arizona hot veggies and tofu.  Medium heat was spicy for me.  Great ambiance and service.笑
I have to say I am thoroughly disappointed. I expected much more from a restaurant on Main Street in Scottsdale. I ordered fried spring rolls, panang curry chicken, pad Thai, and chicken fried rice. I spent two years in Thailand and seek out Thai restaurants across the US. Thai is my favorite food and nothing at this restaurant tasted as I would have expected. 

The spring rolls were like over-cooked egg rolls filled with nothing but noodles, and I couldn't believe they were served with sweet and sour sauce. I have never been to a Thai restaurant that served anything but sweet chili/peanut sauce with their spring rolls. 

The panang curry was alright, but I love being able to taste the panang and coconut milk flavors, this I couldn't, it seemed more like gravy than a curry. The white rice that accompanied it was sticky, but to the point of a paste. I was expecting some light jasmine rice, a rice often served in Thai restaurants, but I can't imagine that this was. This was the same used in the fried rice, there were clumps of matted flavorless rice all the way through. The dish itself had plenty of vegetables but no flavor and it didn't seem like much egg either. To me it was more of a rice stir fry with unseasoned and over-cooked chicken. (The only reason I ordered fried rice in a Thai restaurant is for my son).

The pad Thai tasted as though it came out of a pre-packaged, store-bought pad Thai kit rather than a restaurant, the flavor being off and the noodles completely over cooked. It was a salty dish, when it should be slightly sweet, like the balance between the tamarind juice, palm sugar, and fish sauce was wrong, if the traditional ingredients were even used. 

Unfortunately I can't speak to the quality of the restaurant or the service because I took the order to go, but based on the taste of the food I will never return.笑
Wonderful, welcoming service. 

My friend and I cam here for a girls night and just loved it.  Everything we ate was incredibly fresh and delicious - excellent pad thai and curry!!  They make everything fresh to order, which translated to wonderful meals, but not a long wait.  

The place itself is super cute and large, and our server was attentive but gave us plenty of space to chat when we had what we needed.  

Looking forward to our next visit!笑
Mediocre at best. *scratches head wondering about the 5-star reviews.  Not Thai - Thai fusion ish (NOT THAI) made safe for Soittsdale patrons who are accustomed to slightly edgy suburban fare in an Old Town setting.  

We had their specialties - the spicy fish and a chicken lettuce wrap app.  Neither was spectacular. Thick sauce, sweet/spicy (but overly sweet and not "hot" as advertised).  The fish was fried OK, but that's not rocket science.  The lines and crowds were outlandish for the quality and style of food.   Lao Thai on Scottsdale Road is a MUCH better choice for Thai food.  If you're in Old Town looking for Thai, I would not recommend this.笑
I want to give 4.5 stars... but since I've always had really incredible service here... I'll bump to 5. Everyone is very accommodating and the wait staff is knowledgeable and really kind. 

However, there's one specific thing that has bothered me, the pad thai here is not as good as it could be. I LOVE pad thai, and I've had some really delicious authentic Pad Thai in Thailand and I've also had some really delicious cheap pad thai from some divey crappy to-go only places that were still very yummy.

The pad thai here is a little bit bland and a little soggy almost like it wasn't made in a super hot wok but was cooked over slow heat with a lot more liquid than I've ever had before. I've ordered it a few times, as I don't like to judge restaurants on potential one-off situations. I order it as "hot" every time and I've gotten some really different results, along with inconsistent amounts of peanuts (I mean not a big deal in the grand scheme of things) 

With that being said, everything else is great. I've had their curry and it was good. The ambiance of the place is very cute and cozy. The patio is really cute and faces out to the Old Town Area. I've seen some comments here about prices... I don't think other yelpers consider the fact that they are eating in the middle of Old Town. The prices are on par with the area, and you're getting what you're paying for! Great service in a pricey part of town.笑
A-OK in my book, but not spectacular. For one, this is a little pricier than most Thai restaurants I go to, but more expensive does not mean better. ($9.99 for curry where other places will charge $7.99 or cheaper). My party of 3 had the Arizona style curry, Panang Curry, and Pad Thai. 

The good:
-Panang curry
-Flavorful dishes
-Great service
-Nice ambiance (totally watched couples on first dates here)
-Nice pillows on couches

The bad:
-The rice was dry, thin, and not the kind that goes well with curry. I prefer rice that's moist, fluffy, and similar to Calrose rice.
-The Pad Thai was dry. I recall my friend saying: "I just want to pour water over the noodles, it's that dry."
-The method they use to increase spiciness. I want to say it was as if they placed a lot of black ground peppers instead of authentic peppers incorporated into the dish.笑
So far, my absolute favorite Thai restaurant, and I don't live in AZ any longer.  Los Angeles restaurants need to learn a thing or two about Thai food.  Sorry, just weak links out here (I'm still looking, though).  I've sampled ALL of Malee's appetizers over the years, and they make the BEST chicken satay anywhere.  They also make a wonderful entree called Evil Jungle Princess.  I just love that dish, and nobody even comes close to making anything that good out here.  I'm so disappointed.  Oh, and their Tom Kha Kai soup was also excellent, although I have been able to duplicate that in CA.  Anyway, it is always a must go-to restaurant when I am in Phoenix.笑
I had the pleasure of visiting this cute little establishment for a belated birthday dinner and it was like happy birthday to me all over again! I had the soft shell crab as the starter and while the crab was okay the cucumber dipping sauce it was served with was amazing! For my entree I had the tropical pineapple dish that was another amazing concoction of shrimp, scallops and mussels in a sweet coconut curry sauce served in half a pineapple. It was scrumptious and I don't even like coconut!笑
I'm a huge fan of their coconut soup with shrimp.  And I love their Thai Iced Teas....best Thai food in AZ!笑
A freind of mines and myself went to have lunch there on Monday May 4 at around 2:00pm, The seating outside was amazing with a nice Brezz. The food presentations was wonderful, place was clean. However the server was not very friendly and was not very helpful explaining the menu. He acted like we was bothering him during his personal time. We asked for basil mint and lemons. Which took him forever to bring back to our table. He did not smile not once or said Thank You. As the food was amazing but the service and Customer Service was not.笑
The best Thai food I've ever had!! It's reasonably priced for old town restaurants and the food is awesome. They have a solid
blend of traditional dishes and original, chef created specials. Every dish I have had is excellent and if I had any suggestion, it'd be to be bold. Don't get the classic pad Thai (which is good) get something new and different. Every time it have been bold, I've really enjoyed it.笑
The experience was so positive that I ate here again the next night.  The first night I had the fried tofu. This came with a sweet peanut sauce.  Then I had the Arizona Heatwave Curry, which was perfectly spiced.  The second night, I tried the veggie rolls (the fresh ones, not the fried ones), which came with two sauces (one a peanut hoisin and the other a spicy sauce).  These were delicious, with very fine noodles.  However, they were a bit messy to eat.  I also had the yellow vegetarian curry,  which was far too mild for my liking.  
Service was excellent both nights.  Great to be able to dine outside.  The most interesting thing about the place was a drink that some of my dining companions ordered -- a Thai cosmo, which was made with chili-infused vodka.  That sure had a kick!  One sip was enough for me.
I would definitely go back to Malee's if I were in the area again.笑
No idea this place existed even though I drive by this part of Scottsdale often, I had the Burmese gai, which was super spicy and super yummy. It would've been nice if it had more veggies in it, but good still. Boyfriends meal was ok, nothing to rave about.笑
I had heard quite a few good things about this restaurant, specifically the items that they had on the menu.

Showed up with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday.  We had reservations so there was no surprise big group showing up.

Our server was kind of spacy and not really with it.  He did not respond to our questions about items on the menu and when he did he mumbled.  Now normally I wouldn't care about this but add the rest of his service and this made for an annoying time.

When we were done eating we asked for our checks.  Thirty minutes later he finally came with our checks; where we proceeded to promptly provide form of payment.

Then we waited....10 minutes, 20 minutes.  We were being held captive since Malee's had our cards.  When he came to us again he had some of the receipts for us to sign, but not all.  They signed and he came back and said he needed all of our cards again.

After waiting for over an hour just to close our tab out and leave, I complained to the manager and he simply brushed aside my concern. It should never take over an hour just to get your bill, pay and leave.

If the food wasn't so good, this review would have been a 1-star.笑
It's okay, but that's about it.   I also worry about cleanliness.   When the bathroom is dirty, and it was, I suspect the kitchen is worse.笑
Best Thai we've ever had! As a resident of Scottsdale and walking distance from the bistro, we have taken all of our out of town guests to have their wonderful thai and experience their fabulous atmosphere. The Pad Thai and crispy pesto ginger chicken is amazing! The service is wonderful. On Monday nights, they have live music. If you would like to be near the music, I would encourage a reservation. Definitely worth a visit!笑
This is my favorite restaurant in the metro Phoenix area, a spot that has been operating for nearly three decades, and a friendly neighborhood bar where I love to take new faces. 
I rarely sit in the dining area of the restaurant.  The tables that crowd the tiny space make the environment seem too cramped, and an intimate night out might be shared with the couple at the table next to you.
Sit at the bar, where you are always waited on promptly, the bar tenders are quite knowledgeable, have time to discuss the art of being alive, and can whip up some delectable treats before you receive your fare.  My personal favorite beverage is the Thai Iced Tea.  Though non-alcohlic, it is delicious and complements any of the foods well. Ask the bartenders or servers about the wine list, often they carry imported beer from Italy as well.
I will start by saying I have not tasted everything on the menu,  but i do know what i will order again and again. 
If you are new to Thai food, an absolute must is the "Tom Ka Gai" soup.  A serving ideal for a party of three, it is a divine hot and sour interpretation with coconut milk, mushrooms, cilantro, lemongrass, galangal root, and kaffir lime.  It can be ordered with any meats, tofu, or just plain.  I recommend it with all white chicken, and at a number 2.  If you are unsure about how spicy you want your Thai food, remember that 1 is not spicy, and 5 (the highest) will probably burn offyour taste buds.  Perhaps you like spicy, but also note that too much spice will overpower the complexity of your foods.
If you want an assortment of various appetizers, try the Combination plate which includes Spring rolls, Satay, (marinated chicken tenders with cucumber and peanut sauces, and my favorite!) Thai Toast, (flash fried toast points filled with garlic and chicken, not my favorite) Crab Rangoon, (delicious flash-fried puffs of crab and cream cheese served with thai sauces) Siamese Kisses,  (chicken and shrimp in steamed shumai wraps topped with scallions and crispy garlic) and Potstickers.  
All come with an assortment of sauces, and if your eyes are larger than your belly, then you will likely have no room left for the divine main courses.
Quite frankly, I have never tried any of the house favorites, except the Pad Thai.  And if Pad Thai is all you know, I recommend you venture out this time and wrap your lips around some of the sweetest, most delicious curries this side of the West
I am not a fan of vegetables, which is something one finds an overabundance of in Thai dishes...but not if you order the "Burma Gai."  Flat noodles and chicken in a yellow curry with coconut milk with titillate and tantalize.  You can substitute, add, or remove anything in any one of the entrees, so you can basically customize your entrees.
If you like something with a little more pizazz, do the "Drunken Dragon Noodles" or "The Evil Jungle Princess."  Another curry dish, the Dragon, has rice noodles smothered with a wild green curry sauce, topped with chicken, basil, and onion. Again, if you are not a fan of the spicy, go very easy on this one.  Better yet is the Princess, which has a lovely coconut sauce with hints of mint, and two simple additions of chicken and straw mushrooms.  Though I prefer chicken or nothing at all, the Green Basil Curry with Pork is another incredible curry with coconut and various veggies.
You will also have a selection of seafood dishes, as well as specialty sushi rolls and vegetarian preparations.  Remember that the sauces here are the key, all dishes are served with rice, all ingredients can be removed or substituted, and if you really want to taste the diverse flavors, don't make your dish too spicy.
Don't be shy to ask, as all the waitstaff here is very knowledgable, and even if you are new to Thai, or a veteran, they can assist you in making the perfect choice.
Should you have room for dessert at the end of your robust meal, a must is the traditional Thai favorite, Sticky Coconut Rice with fresh mangos. Not heavy enough to warrant a wheelbarrow for the ride home, but sticky and sweet enough to make you feel like a kid again.
In short, I love this place!  And I have to come here at least once a month just for the soup and the great conversation with the bartenders.笑
Best thai in town!  Everything is made to order so they can customize to any customers tastes!  Love their Tom Ka Guia soup, spring rolls and dragon noodles!  Large seating area, super friendly staff and great decor.  I love Malee's!  I eat their at least once a month.  They also offer award winning cooking classes where you can learn to cook a 4 course Thai meal (this event includes bottomless mimosas!) Malee's has been around since the 80's and is a favorite among both locals and tourists!笑
The food was amazing as always.  Our server had an issue with closing our tab.  While these problems do happen, the time it took to resolve was frustrating.  We waited over an hour for our server to rectify the issue, and were offered no dessert or discount during this process as compensation.  It felt like poor customer service.笑
This place has gone down hill! Food overcooked. Service poor!  Never again! They need to work on customer service. Food should not come with inedible items in it!笑
My wife and I took my parents here.

The sweet and spicy fish is one of my favorite dishes in the Valley and will keep us going back for more.

My Dad loved the food and commented several times how that was a great meal.  

We ordered Dragon Noodles, Yellow Curry for the boys, and the jalapeño fried rice.  YUMMY!!

Highly Recommend.  

A little pricey but very much worth the expense.  Not an everyday lunch place in my opinion because of price but a great treat.笑
Delicious food, Gracious service and Romantic atmosphere if you're lucky enough to score a seat outside! The inside seemed overly warm and noisy so we opted for more peace and are glad we did, as we mostly had the patio on the side of the restaurant to ourselves...
The Coconut shrimp was obviously freshly prepared and one of the best starters we have ever had at a Thai joint!
We have had better Coconut chicken soup, but it may have been because it was cooked down to the consistency of a salty porridge... 
The Burma Gai at a level 3 spiciness was just the right amount of heat to be interesting at first and have you blowing your nose by the end of the meal! 
Topping this with Ginger Beer for my Man and a Kettle & Soda w Lime for myself sealed the whole deal and if we lived closer this would def qualify for our reg rotation!笑
The food was super tasty, abundant, fresh and perfectly spiced. Service with Kevin was outstanding. We had the combo appetizer plate. Great variety. The chicken satay was dry but flavorful. My green peppercorn calamari and shrimp was amazing. All in all, a great experience. Too bad the folks sitting next to us were the 'impossible to please' type. The staff treated them graciously even so.笑
Malee's was very good.  My mom was here visiting from Washington State.  She had never had Thai food before but I knew she would love it.  We had the fresh spring rolls to start with, this is a meal here but in most places might have been an app.  We liked these so much that I am going to try to recreate these for dinner at home one night.  We also had the chow Mein, which was very good!  There could have been more meat but it was still good.  I would go back to Malee's for sure!笑
Love the food and the Bartenders Jack and Tyler thx for everything over the years!!笑
One of the best Thai in the valley!  I'm not sure how high it would be on the authentic Thai scale; however, they have some yummy creative dishes . . .crispy basil chicken.  A friend got the Bombay curry and Thai ice tea, which she thought was delicious.  Surprisingly, there was no wait on a Saturday night.  Ambiance was great.  The menu had a wide variety of dishes.笑
I used to really like this place but wtf has happened recently. The pad Thai has absolutely no flavor. We were seated on a Monday night and our sever didn't come around for 30 minutes. We finally had to ask one of the nice bussers if we even had a server.  The bussers are awesome and your water will never go empty. They should swap the severs with them.  

After we got our food over an hour later, we had our credit card out and visible and ready to pay. We never saw our server again...笑
Went there with my husband when we were in AZ for a wedding.  We really liked it.  I had the Pad Thai and my husband had a curry.  The pad thai was really saucey.  I like that sometimes.  This particular time, I liked it, but it was pretty sweet, so you know there was a lot of sugar.  My husband thought the curry was great.  I didn't get to try any though because he made it way too spicy!笑
Without a doubt, one of my top 3 restaurants of all time.  Certainly the best Thai I've found in the state of Arizona. 

The menu is large, diverse, though mildly pricey.  If you're looking for Thai on a ramen budget, I recommend Thai Basil on University Dr.  But if you've got $13 for an amazing Thai dinner, I suggest the Drunken Dragon noodles.  Everything I've had here has been flavorful.  

A note about spicy food:  As Thai restaurants go, this one is on the hotter end.  Though I typically order my food "Thai Hot" at other restaurants, I typically stick to "Very Hot" here because it's sooo hot.  Just a note of caution :)

The service is occasionally at a slower pace than I would like, but I attribute this mostly to their crowds of customers rather than inefficiency.

Perhaps the best reason to go to Malee's for your first Thai meal?  The staff are incredibly good at keeping your water glass full- a necessity when trying those spicy entrees.笑
Friends took me to Malee's for dinner.  My first experience of Thai food.  The Tom Ka Gai soup was WONDERFUL followed by the Crispy Mango Fish that was delicious.  Absolutely the BEST ever.  The bartender recommended Brownstone Pinot Noir wine that was perfect.  I would definitely go back every time I'm in the Phoenix area.  I'll look for something comparable in the Dallas/Ft Worth area.  What a delicious, delightful dining experience.笑
Soooooooo yummy! This place has been here forever and for VERY good reason. 

Top-notch service, authentic Thai cuisine, and a great location. It really doesn't get much better. The atmosphere is also very nice. You can sit in the main dining room, a more quiet room or the bar. Whichever you prefer. 

I highly recommend the Pad Thai if you are new to Thai food. If you are looking for something more exciting, try the Tom Ka Gai soup, Crispy Basil Chicken or Coco Chili Fish.

And for the record, ask for your server to be Cassie. She's been there a while and knows the menu like the back of her hand. Fabulous service.

The bar makes a pretty mean cocktail, too. And you can order take-out! Thai on the Fly!笑
A+ food. Just finished dinner here for the first time. I got the spicy Thai wings, chicken wonton soup, pad thai, and beef with broccoli. All were exceptional. Service was really great too, everyone was really friendly. Can't wait to go back for the spicy wings! They were incredible.笑
Have you noticed many of the Yelpers who did not have a great experience at Malee's got a response from the owner or manager discounting their experience?  That's insane.  Nothing is perfect.  Not every customer is going to have the best food in their life.  Everyone's tastes are different.  That means no owner or manager has the right to disregard what a paying customer has to say.  Take the information you're so lucky to receive and learn and grow from it.  
I had to get that off my chest.
I liked the food here, but the service was lackluster.  Just because you close at 10 doesn't mean you should turn the bright lights on and turn off the music as a cue to the diners who just got their food to hurry up and get out.  If you want to be closed up and left the building by the closing time on the door, then you shouldn't seat people an hour before closing.  We were on our way out when I saw this happen to a couple other tables.  
The food was good.  Americanized Thai food.  I'd go back if someone asked me, but I don't foresee myself having any Malee's cravings.笑
Tried this place twice. Once was take out and I thought was good. I had ordered a lot of things and everything seemed good but had had a lot of wine that time so I can't remember the details.

Fast forward few months later...tried to remember where I had Thai the last time I stayed at the Phoenician. So picked this place hoping it was the one. Yes, it was because i remember the parking. 

Decided to have dinner there. So the place looked cute but it was super cold. I was freezing in there. I mean it was 108 that day but the evening it cooled off. The place was cramped though. Too many tables and chairs. I couldn't imagine trying to be there during lunch hour. Anyways, the chairs are very uncomfortable and stiff. 

Ordered the calamari and I thought these were perfectly crispy and salted. I should've just had this as a main dish. I had been craving shrimp so ordered the shrimp and scallops. That was good but just way too spicy and not a lot of shrimp. Also tried the garlic beef and broccoli but it was like a soup. Was disappointed with that because it seemed like it would be a stir fry like the menu described but there was so much watery sauce to the top of the bowl. Soup.

If I go out there, I would give it another go to see if the first time I had it was truly as good as I could remember. If not, will drink more wine before I eat here. Wine makes everything so much better. Lol笑
Overall decent.
For the price this place is average.  I guess in DC they have significantly better Thai.  The rice wasn't even very good.  Pad Thai has an aftertaste akin to dog food.  Milkbone's to be exact.
Purchased Pad Thai and some mixed veggies and some special new dish shrimp and calamari peppercorn ....  We were starving and it still left something to be desired.  I'm sure some people will think this place is awesome and thats understandable,  I just think there are other places I will be visiting before heading back to this food.笑
omg! huge fan! went with a group of 5 on a friday night. service was great food was even better. make sure you start with a painkiller...yes, thats a drink and its great with spicy food. listen to your server when they explain the different levels of hotness she was quite accurate...our table enjoyed and sampled the veggie thai basil pasta, burma gai my favorite dish of the night best curry i have had! i also enjoyed the j's teriyaki chicken and thai chow-mein. we also started with the chicken satay the peanut sauce was delicious.笑
Meh! Nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about. Didn't really do anything for me. Won't come back.笑
I stayed in a hotel just up the street and tried this place out for the first time. It was good! I liked the Panang curry, but personally felt like for the price, it should have included the $4.99 bowl of rice, and shouldn't of had to pay extra for it. Other than that, the food was tasty and I would probably go back when in town!笑
Amazing food. Great flavor and lots of spice. Only downside is the wait for the food but that's probably because it is super busy but then again we were here before it got busy. Good place to try though笑
Excellent food and service. The waitress was very knowledgeable about Thai food (knows the difference between Americanized and semi-authentic Thai dishes). We ordered Drunken noodles (lots of thai basil and keffir lime leaves), basil chicken and a red curry with white rice. All dishes were cooked perfectly. Extremely intimate seating allows you to make new friends :)
Visited many art galleries (on the same street). Very lively atmosphere. Would definitely visit again.笑
Excellent food. Homemade condiments with a nice kick. Dumplings were good. Thai chicken was tender yet crunchy.

Thanks to Arizona Food Tours for introducing us to such tasty Thai笑
Solid thai food in Old Town!  My uncle turned me on to this place a few years ago and I try to make it here at least once per visit.

To start:
Siamese Kisses - I would consider these a thai version of shu mai with chicken instead of the traditional pork.  Six small dumplings stuffed with chicken and shrimp are paired with a chili paste and a soy sauce with green onion.  Very good appetizer for sharing!

Entrees:
Chicken Panang Curry - Probably my favorite on the menu.  It's loaded with flavor and spice and has plenty of chicken in it!  Put that over some rice and I'm in heaven.

Drunken Dragon Noodles - I want to love it, but it just seems like another version of phad thai.  They consider it to be phad  kee mao, but I've never had phad kee mao with phad thai noodles.  I love it with the wide noodles.  I also thought the sauce should've been a little sweeter and there were way too many bean sprouts.  Flavors were decent, but I'll try something else next time.

Dessert:
Mango and Sticky Rice - This stuff is so addicting with the condensed milk on top!

The service is outstanding and I love the atmosphere (even if it isn't very traditional Thai decor) and especially enjoy sitting on the patio if it's not too hot out.笑
We were celebrating the inlaws anniversary and made reservations for the 6 adults and one child.  We ordered family style with everyone having their plate/bowl of eats that was passed up and down the table.  Three of us had food allergies and they took very good care of that - I appreciate them for it.

We had a bit of everything! Crab rangoon, beef and broccoli, curry ribs, seafood curry, pad thai, and more. Everything that I could eat was very good.  I really loved those ribs and the seafood curry.  The c-food curry was the most expensive at $18.99 while everything else clocked in around $12.00 - $17.00 (ok, the crab rangoon was $8.99 which I consider expensive considering how cheap it is at Chinese take out joints).

With that many plates and people the meal was expensive at $152.80 but we all left full.  My only complaint with them was that it's Scottsdale! It was summer time! And either their AC was not on or overwhelmed and even with some over head fans and the sides open...it was not very comfy in there.  And add to it spicy food and well...a lot of water was downed.笑
Went on the Scottsdale food tour and we had a nice sample from Malee's two days later I took a couple that lived in town for Thai it was exceptional we will be back next time were in Scottsdale and our friends will be back as well.笑
My husband, Justin, has been coming here for nearly 8 years now and I have been coming here for 4 years. Malee's was the first Thai food I ever had and I have since tried it at many places but no where is as good as Malee's. Justin always gets the Pad Thai no matter where we have Thai at and in the past 8 years there have been many but none stand up to Malee's. When we go I ALWAYS try something different, and it normally rocks!! The one time I ordered something and it came out weird for me, the manager actually took care of me personally and that meant alot to me. On Valentine's Day we went to Malee's and we actually got to talk to the lady who owns Malee's so that was super cool. 

Ok so if your into fish, or even if your not LOL The Pla platter is AMAZING!!! I would recomend this to anyone. Also the Chicken Satay is the best around. And as I said above if you like Pad Thai this is the only place to get it :)

The deserts here are wonderful too. The last couple times we have gone they have had the mango and jackfruit cheese cake. Basically little cheesecake tarts in a wonton wrapper topped with mango and jackfruit. Very delish!!!

 I would and do recomend this place to anyone looking for great Thai food. I will be a customer of Malee's for a very long time.

Also the atmospere is really laid back. I have went there in a dress and heels, and I have also gone in jean shorts and flip flops LOL笑
I really wanted to love Malees and I did for a period of time when the Desert Ridge location was open and they were serving Thai food.

But it seems that the menu went from the classics of Thai cuisine to some strange American-Asian fusion which was trying harder to be "stir fry with Thai influence" rather than straight up Thai.

So we stopped going and eventually, through no fault of our own, the restaurant closed.

We went to Malees down on Main in Old Scottsdale and I had very high hopes.  

The soup was good, great flavors, all the right ingredients.

However, for the main courses, again, what in the hell is up with the menu?  I kept looking for the Thai classics, but they were really either hidden or nowhere to be found.  Panang, a bit, Mussamon was shockingly absent, but lots of 'fusion-style" dishes and largely pedestrian fare was abundant.

This is darned near like going to an Indian restaurant and having no aloo mater, tandoori dishes or naan.

If you're looking for a semi-elegant place to bring out of town guests that say they're adventurous eaters but probably aren't, you may find this as an acceptable choice.  

If you're a true fan of the Thai classics, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.

The service is good, a little rushed and the owner seems to care about the restaurant, but I really won't be returning until Deidre brings back the Thai classics.

I don't want a simple, universally-accessible menu.  

I want to go on a culinary adventure.  Bring back the adventure and I'll bring you my dining dollars.笑
I was introduced to Thai food today- and have to say that this place was great and informative on the menu selections. I'm really picky when it comes to food in general but was pleased with how awesome my waitress was in explaining everything to me.

I ended up ordering the Yoke (pronounced Joke) soup and the Thai Basil Pasta with minced chicken and no tomatoes with the spicy factor one notch down from the spiciest and it was DELISH! 

I have no competing Thai locales to compare it to, because once again this was my first experience but first impressions last forever and I know I'll be back for more to feed my spicy food palate cravings!笑
I must say with respect for the Thai culture, this resturaunt did slightly impress me with one of their chicken curry dishes, service was pleasant, and I do believe I shall return.笑
Actually writing this review before we go there this evening!  Since that is not possible, I will leave a review for the last time we were there, just 6 weeks ago. This place is always a "go to, reliable, never let you down" Thai food experience. Service is always attentive and professional, and the ambiance is perfect. Quality of food is exceptional always, which to me is the hardest part of running a restaurant. My only decision this evening is to order something I've never had there before. I look forward to the experience as usual.笑
We did not made a reservation. It was a surprise to find out that this bistro is located in Old Town Scottsdale. Found very easy a parking place too.
We got immediately a table for 2. Nevertheless, other people who came in later than us and were sitting next to us were served sooner.
We asked for a cosmo and a coconut sake. It's a pitty that the sake was not fresh made (we got the bottle). 
My hubby ordered the duck and I the sampler plate. 
The duck was good but .... too cold. The sampler plate : nice presentation but the quality can be better.
If this should be our first Thai experience, it should be negative. The food is just OK, not a whauw feeling or a place I will return, sorry.笑
My go-to Thai order is panang curry. I probably have had it at at least 20 restaurants, and the order I had at Malee's recently was by far the WORST I've ever had. The beef was tough and chewy, but the main problem was the curry itself more closely resembled tomato soup. Also be advised that Malee's charges Scottsdale prices. Those $12 entrees you're used to will be at least $17.笑
I just ate here for the third time and it was great. Every dish I've had was flavored in a very tasteful way. "Unique food with great flare." Old Town is full of great restaurants but Malee's stands out, maybe that is why they have been here so long.笑
The team read my needs and sprung into action taking my order and getting it out in under 10 minutes! I order minced chicken noodle soup with the egg noodles and level 3 out of 5 spice. And to give me the most time eating, they offered to let me scoot back to real estate class through the backdoor, which saved me about 5 minutes. The portion was so generous I couldn't finish it, but Jack put it in a plastic container and stored it in the kitchen refrigerator until my return at 5 pm. Thanks Malees Thai on Main.笑
This is an amazing restaurant. The whole family enjoyed it tremendously. The soup is absolutely to die for. Each dish was a variety of spices and flavors.笑
In short, the service we had was absolutely horrible but that just could have been a bad day for the waiter. Everyone else working there was friendly and I liked the look of the place. I was a bit taken back by the american rock-pop music that was playing and felt that some authentic Thai music would have suited the place better. The dish I ordered (spicy teriyaki crunchy chicken) was not spicy at all and the chicken was hard to find around huge thickly breaded and deep fried chunks of batter. I really don't recall ever tasting the actual chicken. If this dish had real pieces of chicken and some real spice it would have been good. The teriyaki sauce was a nice flavor. It's a shame because I had high hopes for this place.笑
Malee's is one of our favorites! Most recently we took my Dad there for his birthday and it was great! Food and service (lunch and dinner) are always good. Great ambience and great for casual or dressy occasions.笑
Malee's is my go-to restaurant when I'm eating lunch in  Old Town. The staff is always friendly, and the food is fresh, tasty, and quick. Want something real spicy? Their chef-hot selection isn't for amateurs, they really add the heat!笑
Came again for lunch today, I can't get over how amazing the soup is! Service is amazing! We love Orapin! She is the most amazing server we have ever had!!! Please make sure to request her total service with a smile and makes great recommendations. We love the pad Thai at a level 3 and the Thai hot and sour soup at 4. Don't ever order a cup  size  soup, you'll be very sad you did, and wish you ordered the bigger size.笑
The food was great and our server Kelly was simply the best. The surroundings are very warm and inviting. We will definitrly return!笑
I'm stoked!  I was able to talk my entire department here at Yelp into ordering Malee's this Friday for our team meeting!  Many of these folks will be having Thai food for the first time, but I know from experience they will enjoy anything they've ordered out of this place.  Get the Panang ready for me, Deirdre!  It's go time again!   :)笑
Went here on short vacation really savoring the delicate and spicy flavors of Thai food but alas it was not to be - we had been here twice in past 4 yrs or so and something was definitely off this time - maybe new chef(s)? very underwhelming - we ordered:

Siamese Kisses - you'd do better to get Shu Mai at Trader Joe's - very bland, no flavor whatsoever and nothing in filling except meat - i'd put some cirunch in there like chopped waterchestnuts and definitely add some spice. BLAH BLAH BLAH

Tom Ka Gai  - supposed to be signature dish - came lukewarm - we asked for it to be heated - waited 10 min and it came out boiling near center of serving dish but was still lukewarm! why cooks dont take the soup out and heat in a pan and TASTE IT to make sure it is hot i never know - they stick it under broiler so top gets burned but never check or stir. . ...anyway it was thick, and not very appetizing - no delicate flavors of lemongrass and galangal but huge chunks / slices of precooked chicken - that's it with some green chopped onions thrown on top - methinks not a signature dish - yuck

Pad Thai - too heavy with tomato sauce and no good flavor - no subtleties of bean sprouts, just cooked noodles and peanut - just one solid mass of glob.  YUCK AGAIN....the shrimp were good sized but had been boiled in water and thrown in at last minute so no flavors melded - where was the delicate Nam Pla flavor or the crunch of bean sprouts? no where to be found here - blah 

Green Basil Curry with Pork - which was neither green nor did it contain any Thai basil - this dish is advertised as "think Thai pesto curry" - well it is NOT that at all..supposed to be in an assortment of green vegetables - well all there was was green pepper and green beans - and the green pepper didnt work at all - the meat was bland and dish overpowered by acrid flavor of bell pepper - if i were making it i'd add lots of Thai basil, use Chinese long beans and maybe add some carrot - but not green pepper ...also meat needed to be seasoned not just boiled in liquid.  

i will not be going back.笑
I hadn't been here in years. We were in the neighborhood and decided to give it another try. We arrived at 12:00 for lunch right before the lunch crowd came in. We were greeted and seated right away. The restaurant decor hadn't changed, bright nicely decorated and put together. Our waiter came over and introduced himself. Service was very good. 

What's lacking is the taste of the food. We skipped the lunch menu and ordered off the regular menu and shared the dishes. We ordered the Coco Chili Fish (flash fried 10 oz. Filet drizzled with a creamy coconut chili reduction sauce, for a collision of sweet and spicy) and the Lettuce Wraps of Minced Pork (Nam Sod) (a blend of minced pork, ginger, red onion, cilantro and ground peanuts tossed in a citrus marinade) and a bowl of Tom Ka Gai Soup (hot & sour soup made with chicken, mushrooms, fresh lemon grass, galanga root, kefir lime leaf & coconut milk. Garnished with fresh cilantro & green onion)

The Soup was not light in taste, very tomato like, thick, though it had a lot of chicken it was like tomato soup, not authentic at all. The fish, though perfectly done and tasted fresh was totally over shadowed by a thick goopy sauce covering the entire dish. There was no hint of sweet and again that thick tomato sauce. The Pork Lettuce wraps were descent probably because it didn't have that thick red tomato sauce piled on. We were very disappointed.

Sorry if you want authentic Thai there are many other choices.笑
This is, hands down, the best Thai place in Scottsdale. The menu is varied and creative. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is clean, quiet, and relaxed. Three dishes I recommend: Pad Thai, Spicy Crispy Fish, and the Jalepeño Fried Rice.笑
If you love Pad Thai.... SKIP THIS PLACE! Dry, gummy, YUCK. Anyone who claims the Pad Thai is good should go to Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe, it has the most PHENOMINAL PAD THAI IN THE VALLEY, it has a similar menu but blows Malees out of the water! I also tried the combo app. plate. It was so-so. Soups and veggie rolls/wraps are good because it is the only thing on the menu that isn't dripping with grease.

Overall not wowwed. GO TO CHERRY BLOSSOM, the Thai soups, noodles, sushi, fresh veggies, tofu steaks with shitake sauce, steamed shrimp shumai, daily baked bread choices (pumpkin yummm), cozy & homey atmosphere will make this place your new FAVORITE. This place is a truelly hidden gem =) thank me later笑
A friend recommended Malee's to us just as we arrived in town and told him where we were staying. Malee's was three minutes away, so we zipped over there and were seated immediately on a VERY busy Monday night. 
The service is incredible there. Even though the place was packed (and very noisy, due to the presence of a party of 14 seated just next to us), the wait staff and bussers were right on everything. As a former waiter (10 years in excellent restaurants in San Diego), I am generally pretty attuned to quality service. These people were obviously very well-trained; it was very impressive to see their coordination and cooperation with each other. 
But, there is a reason I mentioned the service first. It's five star service, but unfortunately the food does not live up to that billing. My girlfriend and I love Thai, and we try to find a good Thai place whenever we travel. It's hard to find anything as good as Lanna Thai in Pacific Beach (San Diego), and this was no exception. 
We got their veggie rolls for starters, and those came with a Plum Poison sauce that was very good. Unfortunately, it could not rescue the amazingly bland (though very fresh) rolls, which lacked any flavor despite the fresh ingredients. Our assessment was that fresh rolls without mint or cilantro or basil or SOMETHING are just rice noodles with no flavor. (again- if you want the best, go to Lanna Thai for these!)
We had a Pad noodle dish that was also fairly disappointing. The only food item that was the least bit impressive was the yellow curry veggies. 

Lastly, a word of advice. If you're going to dine there in the winter (we ate there on February 23), take some warm clothing. The place was FREEZING. We could not wait to get out of there- only due to that one factor. The ambiance is really good- there was live music playing in the other room. But if you don't make the temperature of the restaurant accommodating, people will be shivering while they try to enjoy the cuisine. 

That's all.笑
I have been here for dinner a few times and just stopped by for lunch today. As usual, the food is delicious and has great flavor. I had the Beef Panang Curry and my lunch partner had the Pad Thai. The beef was not overcooked at all, so it was still tender and the sauce had just the right amount of heat for me. We both really enjoyed the chicken won ton soup that came with our lunch. 

My only complaint about this place would be that I think the prices are way too high for lunch. They do have a lunch menu, even though it is not posted on their website, but most of he dishes are still $9.95! You do get either soup or salad, but the portion size is much smaller than the dinner portion. Some of my other favorite Thai places, Thai House & Takeda, have lunch specials in the $6-8 range, which I think is much more appropriate. 

If I am wanting a nice Thai dinner, I would definitely splurge on Malee's. The Thai toast, Tom Ka Gai and Pork Lettuce wraps are all delicious, but I think I will pass on it for lunch.笑
Honestly I was a little disappointed before I even sat down for dinner. We had made reservations the night before for a 7:30pm dinner on Saturday night. It was so busy that they didn't even seat us with reservations until 8:15, really?? So once seated, service was super slow, tap water, really? Yuck!! Ordered the Thai pad, it was mushy and so tasteless. One of my friends ordered their fish and he said it was tasteless and another had their teriyaki chicken and thought it was tasty. Atmosphere, too many ppl cramped in, this will be one place I will avoid next time in town. I was a little surprised that they didn't offer us a free appetizer for not getting us in exactly at reserved time.笑
I visited Malee's Thai a few years ago and loved it.  So when I happened to be in the neighborhood last week, I decided to get take out.  Well, $70 later I was not terribly impressed.  The girl that took my order was not at all friendly.  She was actually a bit rude.  Beyond that I just simply was not thrilled about the food and it was so expensive!  The salad rolls and sauce were flavorless and the dessert that I remember loving last time had a funny mesquite aftertaste that I didn't like.  I have to order gluten free and so had to get the fried rice house special without the sausage ...so without the meat it was $14-15 for the dish!  I mean really, that much for veggie fried rice?  I don't typically leave bad reviews but I just didn't have a great experience and regret spending so much $$.  Oh well.  I wouldn't refuse to go back or anything, but I wont seek it out again.笑
Excellent Thai food at a decent price for Old Town. The curry was the best part and that's enough to bring me back. 

Thai Tea was on point.
Their take on Hot/Sour soup was amazing- not at all like Chinese soup. I HIGHLY recommend the soup. 
The calamari was heavily fried almost like onion rings and it looked pretty dubious but it was very good- dipping sauce nice as well. 
Duck Curry was some of the best I've ever had.
The Drunken Noodles wasn't the best I've had but it was decent enough. Should have tried their Pad Thai. 
Malee's favorite stir fry wasn't particularly impressive nor the beef and broccoli.

Again I'd stick with the curry dishes.

The service was fine but it was a slow night so their demand wasn't too bad.笑
The only thing Thai about Malee's are the owners.
The food is clearly catered to the White People of Scottsdale, and they're the ones who wrote the 5 star reviews.

I came here on a Saturday night at 7pm. There were several tables seated, and I was the only Asian in the restaurant. The hostess was Mexican, the Waiters were white, and the Bus Boys were Mexican. 

This is the first time I went to a Thai Restaurant and there wasn't pad see ew on the menu. That's a pretty western dish and I was surprised that they didn't offer it.

This place is expensive, and not worth the price. If you're White and you've never had legit Thai food than this place is for you.笑
Superior in every way!...Great: food, service, & atmosphere.  The prices are comenserate with the experience.  You won't be disappointed.

I have dined here many times over the past few years.  Everything is consistant.  Definitely try the Tom Ka Gai soup!...Always a crowd pleaser.笑
What a wonderful restaurant! The service was absolutely phenomenal. They are amazingly attentive and very friendly. The food blew my mind to say the least, and the price is very reasonable in regards to portion and location. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. I wish there were more stars to give. By the way if you enjoy coffee, try their Thai coffee ice cream for dessert. My husband ordered the lunch portion of noodle soup with BBQ duck and it was amazing. The Tom Ka Gai soup was possibly the best Tom Ka Gai I've ever had. Try it at medium spice level and go up from there depending on how spicy you like food. All in all, amazing experience. Will definitely be coming back.笑
I am so sorry this did not work for me.  The main reason is the live music was too loud and sounded Karoke like.  The kitchen must have been back up terribly.  It took 1 hour 45 minutes to get chicken satay and pad thai.笑
Disappointing. Not authentic. We tried the Dragon Druken Noodles and Yellow Curry Chicken. The Dragon Druken Noodles was extremely sweet and the potatoes in Yellow Curry Chicken were huge and uncooked in the middle.笑
Love this place! My employer bought us lunch from here and man was I hooked! I ended up going there on my own just to have those hippy noodles again. They thai tea is delicious and most important, they are pet friendly. They brought my little pup a water bowl while we enjoyed our meal.笑
Me and two girlfriends went to Malee's for lunch.  Two of us had the Pad Thai Noodles, mine was to be hot, the other medium.  First, the lunch came out before we were finished our salads.  It was not made to order. Came out way too fast.  The lunch was not even warm in temp.  I looked at the dish and thought the waitress had brought the wrong dishes.  The dish was supposed to be rice noodles, chicken, shrimp, bean sprouts and egg in sweet paprika vinaigrette.   It looked like a mushy mess of tomato paste and you could not tell one ingredient from another.   I tasted it and told my friend, there is not any hot to this dish.  Are you sure you did not get mine?   She said, no hot here either.  What a disappointment.  I had two shrimp and some chicken but they had no taste due to the extra strong red sauce.  We both left our plates unfinished.  Probably won't be going back.笑
Went to Malee's Thai tonight and it was very good. We has crispy basil chicken, Drunken Dragon Noodles ( Pad Key Mao), Pad Thai Noodles with brown rice. Everything was fresh and the service we attentive. This place is a keeper and the price was very reasonable.

Happy hour is great!笑
Malee's has awesome Thai food, and the drinks are just as amazing!  I just heard about this place recently, so last night, my boyfriend and I decided to try it out.  For my drink, I ordered a Painkiller, which was delicious and went down way too easy.  The blend of light and dark rum was perfect.  (Needless to say, I ended up ordering a second.)

We ordered the Touch of Thai appetizer so that we could try out several different things.  The best thing was the Chicken Satay, and a close second was the Crab Rangoons.  The plate came with a slew of dipping sauces, which were all explained in great detail by our server.  (The entire staff was very attentive... one of the best experiences I've ever had!)

For my meal, I ordered the Shrimp in a Clay Pot (a seasonal dish), which came with glass noodles.  It was very good, but I think next time, I'll try something a bit more flavorful.  My boyfriend got the Drunken Dragon Noodles and loved them!  I like the fact that their menu offers "small plates" of several dishes, which is nice when you want to have an appetizer along with your main dish.

Overall, Malee's is a great (not cheap, but not too pricey) Thai place in Old Town Scottsdale!笑
Brooke and I were walking around in 110 degree weather when we caught notice of a little happy hour sign outside a nondescript building. We noticed $3.50 well/wine/beer specials along with $5.50 appetizers and 3 for $20 entrees and knew we had  to return as soon as the sun went down. We were absolutely pleased when we walked inside and were promptly seated in a chic, yet not stuffy or snobby, restaurant. The house chardonnay was perfect for winding down after a sweaty day and the food was delicious. I definitely recommend the fresh spring rolls (such fluffy noodles!) and the fried tofu was amazing. The service was professional and attentive and the atmosphere calm and welcoming.笑
Malee's is the right mix of ambiance, comfort and good food. Tastewise, Malee's entrees are as good as any American-versions of Thai meals, but don't exceed some authentic Thai restaurants in town (e.g. Thai Lahna). The Spring Veggie rolls are a nice warm-up, polished off with some excellent Zinfandel. Most of the curry dishes I've had at Malee's have been very good, and they can surely bring the heat if you have the tolerance. Malee's staff is always courteous and attentive, and the atmosphere in Malee's is just right for enjoying a dinner out with friends, or a romantic night out with a loved one. It's one of the staples to my rotating lineup of deserving restaurants in the Valley.笑
I don't write reviews often but last night I walked in to Malee's last night not knowing what to expect and now I have my new go to Thai restaurant in Scottsdale...food was everything and much more than you would expect from a Thai restaurant They have captured the subtle   nuances of Thai cooking but also have made it their own but it was the team that truly elevated my experience.  Each of them took the New York City boy under their wing and I feel as if not only do I have a new go to restaurant but a new restaurant family to keep company with over the next 3 months before heading back to NYC.  Malee's is a must try in Scottsdale.  Thanks so much Dierdre and team...you  ceased to amaze!笑
The food was fresh and the atmosphere was pleasant. Had the best frozen margarita there too (even though I'm not a fan of frozen margaritas)! We got a seafood dish and the seafood was really great, tasted fresh and not overdone.笑
So damn good! Try the coco chili fish-my friend recommended and I could eat a million servings. We also had the drunken dragon noodles & fresh summer rolls, both delicious. The chicken in the summer rolls doesn't have a ton of flavor on its own, but the sauces that come with it for dipping make up for it!笑
Delicious!~ The Tom Kai Gai soup is splendid!  Unfortunately I had forgotten our waiter's name, he was a very nice Mexican younger guy.  Very good service, very nice and very yummy food!笑
mediocre overpriced thai ! 
I dont know how it manages to get great reviews on yelp...strange entree pricing small and regular .... i mean c'mon basically have less and pay less.....or order our overpriced regular portion size. May be its something to do with its art dist location but we were there for dinner based on yelp reviews. Curries were nice. Steamed rice was sent away , it was cold lumpy cruchy burnt...although they got us fresh one right away as when we mentioned...overall not bad but for that price probaby expected more....笑
I personally love Malee's. Every entree and appetizer -my husband & I tried- has made us very happy. I tried many Thai food restaurants, but to me, this place is the most delicious and has the most unique & creative dishes! 

Even when they are really packed, we tend to get seated in a reasonable time! They have a very pretty outdoors/patio seating that overlooks Main Street in old town Scottsdale. You get to see the lights along the whole street at night! 

These are the items we tried (over the course of last year):
For appetizers: Siamese kisses, Thai toast, and chicken satay 

For soup: Tom Ka Gai

Entrees: Crispy mango fish, drunken dragon noodles, Thai basil pasta and Burma Gai (my favorite)

Everything I listed above was so tasty and flavorful!

One amazing thing to keep in mind is that they can customize any dish to your heart's content. This means that, if you wanted to, you can change and/or remove the type of meat and vegetables that the dishes contain.

Service is very good! I have no complaints. And they politely let everybody stay past their closing time, without making you feel like you have to rush!

Overall, a meal and patio seating that I always look forward to :)笑
Spicy Thai wings are delicious as well as the curry dishes, my favorite Thai spot in arizona笑
*Drools* I get ridiculous cravings for Malee's almost weekly. I go in between the panang, burma gai, and ginger chicken. All three are so delicious, but I crave the panang the most. The sauce is rich and you can definitely taste the coconut milk. When I order the panang for lunch, it is the perfect size. I can finish the whole serving and be filled with the warm deliciousness of panang. Also, their peanut sauce served on the salad that comes with the lunch special is the greatest in town. Just give me a bucket of their panang and peanut sauce and I'll be set...for a week! For appetizers, the Siamese kisses and tempura veggies are great. Cute decor and atmosphere, too! Wait staff is beyond friendly!笑
Best Thai in the Valley!  Great service and ok decor.  Love that you can chose heat level.  Food is always fresh.  Love the cooking classes too.笑
The best tom ga kai soup in the valley!  I love ordering it medium with a side of rice when I am sick or in need of comfort food.  I crave it.  Always consistent, never disappoints.  I love coming to the bar and ordering takeout - the bartender has worked there for years and is incredibly nice.  As many times as I have been there I have only eaten in the restaurant once.  Always the bar or takeout.  Best thai in the valley in my opinion.笑
Visiting Scottsdale from The Bay Area and I must say: this food was amazing. Not one disappointment what so ever. Pad Thai was perfect. I come from a diverse city where we have a great array of Asian/South Asian cuisine. So our standards are high, think I will have this one more time before I part this great city.笑
The service was absolutely fantastic and each dish was very unique although we didn't enjoy our drinks very much.  Very intimate atmosphere.  Great place for a date.笑
Great food, fresh, flavorful. Relaxed efficient service.笑
Great atmosphere, staff and food.
The skinny 
I am not much of a big Thai food guy but every now and then I get a taste for the peanut chicken from here and drive all the way from the west valley. The price is not great but it is affordable I also just saw a 20% off with check in on yelp awesome. I have had a few drinks rum and coke great mix more liquor than soda which I appreciate. The staff is awesome I usually speak with Kris and the team and they always make my visit great and my check out quick as I'm always in a hurry damn meters :-). I have met the owner Diedra a few times and she is an absolute delight she makes u feel welcome like you have been coming here for years. I can't compliment this place enough for the staff and food I think I will have the tamarind chicken here very soon. 
The bad 
Nothing. The parking in Scottsdale is a joke on weekends but if your from here you know that already. 
Overall
This place deserves a visit especially with the check in special. The staff and good will sell you I'm sure of this.笑
One of my favorite restaurant's. Love the service, atmosphere and food. Beautiful walk around old town Scottsdale when you've eaten too much. I tend to go when it is just my husband and myself (no kids) as i find it quite romantic.笑
The best meal I've had in a long time. Absolutely spectacular!笑
Very good! Had vegan options - spring rolls and dumplings, excellent, beautifully prepared. Fried tofu was good though not quite as great.笑
Always a good place. Wonderful service by Jack who was very attentive to our needs (as in keeping our wine glasses full).  Delicious food that is consistently good. Pad tai was particularly tasty!   Great old town location too!笑
I went to the event sponsored by Yelp, and it was fantastic.  Malee's had several specialty drinks available to the guest, from a basil margarita to yummy sangria! The food was delicious and once again a good mixture from Sushi to Potstickers, each with a funky twist. Presentation was unique and the staff was quite friendly! 

The event really made us want to go back for dinner!笑
What can I say I LOVE Malee's, keep returning to satisfy my addiction to "The Evil Jungle Princess!  :-)笑
---I just wrote a review of this place and then Yelp signed me out and it don't post it. So this is all the review you get the second time around.----

Good, Thai food. Had the coco fish dish and the Thai basil chicken and it was very good.笑
This place was not good.  The food was just, i duno, overly flavored? not as described? far below average?  I've had very good thai food (being from San Francisco), and this was not it.  The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the staff was very pleasant, efficient and professional, even for a large group.  The food was the opposite.  After trying all of the items that were listed as "must try's" by other yelpers, I was VERY disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.笑
A pretty big group of us came here for my bro's bday and had a good time.

We had made reservations for a Sat night, and when we arrived, we were immediately seated.  Our server guy was friendly, quick and did a great job of attending to our large party.

The ambiance was more relaxed (and less pretentious) than I had expected (considering you're in Old Town Scottsdale), so I appreciated that.  Parking was easy.. not sure how we lucked out on great parking spots on a Sat night in the area, but we did!

The food:
My sister's coconut fish was very tasty.. addictive probably because of the creamy coconut milk and the sugar they obviously added.. still delicious.
My pork lettuce wraps were tasty and I had the option of getting them with red/purple leaf cabbage, which was a nice change.  The meat was savory and seasoned well and my portion was so big, there was no finishing it.
My bro's seafood curry was a hefty portion (as were all the rest of the dishes in our party) but I wasn't a big fan of the flavor.
My hubby's spare ribs were overly-flavored (yes, that does exist) and I didn't enjoy the bite I had.

Im not sure how authentic this Thai food is, but it was tasty... Thai food is quite healthy (yes, I do believe coconut fats are healthy), but all the sugar added for flavor enhancement of the currys is not very Thai.. nor appealing to me.  For a once-in-a-while occasion, I'd go.. but it's not really on my "must go back" list, sadly.笑
Ok first off let me start off with that I'm not a huge Thai food fan. With that being said everyone in our group loved their food. We had a table of 12 and our server was great and very attentive. I ordered the lettuce wraps, I have been on a lettuce wrap kick lately, these were tasty but I prefer the ones at Pei Wei, most likely because of the sauces used. I gave this place 3 stars because of the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. I loved the touches with single roses on the table and candles throughout. Very nice and a great date location. I was surprised to see that they offered crème Brule on the dessert menu. This is my all time favorite dessert and I order whenever possible. This one had ginger on bottom, one of the best crème Brule's I have had, it was the  perfect texture, consistency and sweetness. I may not go back for the food but I will love to stop by for dessert and possibly try another dish, the lo mein there looked tasty :)笑
Horribly disappointed. Tempura veg entree, served with nothing else, and appetizer fried tofu--both came at once, ('GIving them both to you, hope that's okay' says unsmiling waiter. What was my choice, at that point?) after friend had  finished her appetizer. Tempura tossed on plate, with tiny scraps, as if scraped from the fryer. Both dishes were greasy and  flavorless.  Food served tepid--had just been sitting under the heat --ho--lamp. Waiter unsmiling. Spoke with manager later, explained I didn't want a free meal, but just to let him know...he merely said, 'Sorry.' and hung up.  Never, never  again.笑
I had the crab rangoon, cashew chicken, fried rice, and seafood curry. I wasn't impressed by any of the dishes. I've had Thai at many places in the valley and after seeing reviews I had high hopes for Malee's, but the food didn't do it for me. Good location, good service, but overall I'll go somewhere else for Thai next time.笑
I've eaten here twice and just honestly not a fan.  The staff is friendly, a little on the slow side however.  The food isn't my favorite either and they don't have some of the traditional dishes I enjoy.笑
We thought it would be the best spot on Main Street but it might actually be the worst.  We ordered wine, fresh tofu summer rolls, and Siamese kisses off the happy hour menu.  The summer rolls were mediocre, over portioned, and loosely wrapped.  The Siamese kisses were filled with chicken and bits of shrimp, loosely wrapped, and had the consistency of a meat ball. 
We will not dine here again.笑
I had high expectations for this place after seeing all the great reviews, but ended up just being OK. The food was good it was definitely not the usual Thai food. However, the service was pretty crappy and is the main reason for the 2 stars and why I probably wouldn't return. Maybe I just came on a bad night but pretty much received zero service and was forgotten most of the time there. Nice looking restaurant, OK food, horrible service.笑
Why did I go again??!  The portions are so small for the price and it's just salty crap!  There were pieces of chicken and beef that were overcooked so really tough and chewy.  Add the salty and it's like noodles and jerky.  So bad!  I do not get their rating, it must be paid for!笑
I went here for dinner with some friends. It met my expectations and more. The food was delicious and well presented. For starters I had Tom ka gai (Coconut Chicken soup) which is now my favourite! I also tried some of the starters platter, which was tasty as well. I especially liked the satay chicken.

The menu was the perfect size, enough variety for most restrictions and palates, we have a varied group (from on a diet, vegetarian, peanut allergy, to eats anything). At the same time it wasn't huge and unmanageable. I had the crispy basil chicken which was flavourful as well and I tried my friends dishes which were excellent, especially the curries.

The service was as good as the food and atmosphere. We never felt rushed or ignored; neither did the waitress interrupt us. Five stars for her! Some of our party members were late but we were still seated on time without any hassle despite it being a busy Friday night.

I'm definitely coming back again. This place is trendy. I think this place would be suitable for a date, celebration or when you just want good thai food.笑
Nice to find a cool younger crowd outside of Tempe which is refreshing for a lot of places in Phx, pretty casual and hipper atmosphere which we appreciated.  Sat our party of four relatively quickly on a Saturday night though we did have reservations.  Drinks came at a standard pace and the soup we all shared initially was decent though a little thick and cheaper meat in terms of the chicken.  Entrees were a little slow to come out but not bad for a Friday night when the place was packed.  I had left it up to the waitress as to my personal order as she seemed quite knowledgeable.  Just wanted 'light and spicy.'  I eat everything so not a tall order.  Others in the group were easy as well and ordered a few specials off the menu.  My entree was an incredibly oily dish with minimal spice and some 'light' lettuce pieces on the side. Very cheap cuts of chicken, relying on oil and grease for flavor.  Everyone else also got an oily basic Americanized perversion of Thai food as well.  Totally basic and without any sort of creativity.  If you like the subpar stuff they serve at PF Chang's you won't be disappointed.  If you have ever been to a solid true Thai restaurant anywhere else in the country that isn't chain-affiliated, stay home.  I have sent maybe 5 plates back in my adult life.  I sent this back and the waitress just took it and walked off.  No 'hey would you like something else' or 'perhaps I can get the chef to come out and recommend another dish?' Nothing.  Just left and took it off the bill.  Phoenicians we need to demand better.  Our restaurants are just abysmal in terms of food in comparison to every major metropolitan area of comparable size.  If you have lived in or visited any of these areas you know what I mean. Love Phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door.笑
Have you ever been to one of the restaurants where the food is consistently good?  I guess you wouldn't keep going if it wasn't....but I digress.  I have never had a disappointing meal here...down to the last morsel.  I went there this past weekend and this really cool waiter told my friends and I about one of those "in the know" dishes called Dancing Shrimp.  It's supposed to be amazing.  Ask for it next time if you want to look really cool...or like you just go there too much.  Enjoy!  Also, it's really inexpensive for Scottsdale.  Four of us ate dinner for about $18 per person, including a shared appetizer and four entrees.笑
Good thai food in old town Scottsdale...trendy ambience. Though the food is not close to authentic Thai restaurants we've had in the SF bay area which is why a 3 star...it was more an Americanized version of Thai...we had the veg red curry, pad Thai, Thai basil curry (not in menu). If in the area and craving for Thai maybe worth a visit and its a nice trendy (unlike a typical thai restaurant) ambience.笑
Feom the friendly staff to the amazing food to the quaint atmosphere,  this place is definitely 5 stars! Went here w/ a group of girls and shared several items including crab rangoon and coconut shrimp. 

All the food had an amazing flavor!! Extra kudos for them honoring the check-in offer w/ no hassle!

Oh yea, just wasn't a fan of the melon freeze cocktail. ..couldn't really taste the alcohol. :(笑
A Vegetarian delight!  A friend of mine turned me on to the Malee's Thai cooking class, and I decided to give it a try this weekend.  I am so glad I did.  The class itself was very informative, and really opened my eyes to the huge selection of vegetarian options at Malee's.  Most importantly they gave me information on how to cook my own Thai vegetarian cuisine, and the best places in town to find the ingredients. During the class they take you through about 5 recipes, and then provide sampling for the dishes as you go.   After the class you sit down for a full meal of the items presented in the class, along with wine pairing.  It was such a great experience, because I was able to try several dishes at once.  Most of these dishes I would probably never order, because I would assume they were not vegetarian. I was particularly taken back by the peanut curry, it was amazing!  If you dine at Malee's, keep in mind that just about everything on the menu can be made gluten free or vegetarian, just ask.  Finally, I would highly recommend the cooking class, you leave with a good understanding of the basics of Thai cooking, a goodie bag, and a full stomach!笑
After being seated by a hostess that didn't seem to care we were there, our water glasses were filled. We then waited 20-25 minutes without anyone coming to our table. No drinks, appetizers, etc. Tables all around us were being served but not us. That was long enough. We got up and left. Terrible service.笑
The "AZ heatwave" was super good! Ingredients from all our dishes were fresh and tasty. Our waiter was very nice.  Will come back!笑
I'm a bit picky about Thai.  Maybe that's why I'm so hard on Malee's. It's not traditional Thai. Which is not necessarily bad if you don't know the difference or just don't care.  

The food here is decent.  The atmosphere is nicer than most Thai places. However, for the price, the quality of the food is a bit lacking and inconsistent. For example, I'll use my favorite Malee's dish--the seafood curry. I've ordered it 5 times and 3 x's it was great, 2x's the seafood was very over cooked and dry. At Malee's prices, that's not kosher.

However, one thing I have to give them credit for is service--it's excellent.  The manager is very professional, courteous and does an awesome job taking care of any mistake from the kitchen.

if you want Thai in an atmosphere that's more upscale than traditional Thai restaurants, try Malee's. if you don't care and/or are a cheapskate like me, and/or desire more traditional Thai, try Thai Basil in Tempe.笑
A very enjoyable dining experience. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgable of the menu. They're also very willing to accommodate for dietary restrictions. 
The food was great, although the spice level was milder than I was expecting but the food was tasty nonetheless! The portions are also quite large. Will most definitely be coming back.笑
Just returned from our trip to Scottsdale and had to write a review. We went to Malee's Thai Restaurant.
Great restaurant,great food and great staff.
We went two times during our stay.Both times we had Coconut Shrimp, Tofu Spinach pots tickers and Tom Ka Gai Soup ( delicious). There are so many great things on the menu.Next time we'll try something different.
Kudos to Karen our waitress. She was so helpful and fun too笑
Wow... I didn't realize my earlier review was only three stars! I probably eat here about 5-6 times a year, which is a lot of repeat business for me... It's rare that I DON'T want to go here. It's safe to say I love it. I've gone Negan (nearly vegan) since my first visit, and they will happily veganize many dishes on the menu, not just the vegetarian ones. You can sub in tofu, or veggies for meat, and skip the fish sauce. I almost always get Tom Ka Gai soup (w/tofu) because it's so darn delicious... (I think maybe they put crack in it to get you hooked?) Entrees, it's almost always a toss up btwn the savory peanut curry (amazing red curry), and the spicy panang dish (yellow curry w/kefir lime)... Both are amazing. Their veggie spring rolls are also super yummy with hoisin dipping. 
They also do monthly cooking classes where you prepare dishes from the menu, and later get to eat them. Mimosas while you cook, and wine paired with lunch make it a lot of fun!笑
This is the best Thai food we've had and we've had it all over the states and Singapour!  The wait staff was ver attentive, the food excellent, portions nice, and the price was right...what more could anyone ask for!笑
My husband and I love this place, it is definitely our go to spot for Thai food. Every once in a while, we dine in but we usually do take-out. I am an annoying customer here, I always get Pad Thai and I modify the heck out of it. They get it right every single time though! A few other favorites of ours are the crab rangoon and the vegetable spring rolls...delish! My only complaint is the spice level is NOT consistent. I used to order a 3 spice level and sometimes it was so hot I literally couldn't eat the meal and sometimes it had no spice at all. I've complained a number of times about this and their answer is to order a lower spice level and ask for more spice on the side. Doesn't seem like quite the right approach to me, I feel like restaurants should be consistent. But, like they suggested, I now order a 2 with extra spice on the side. Sometimes the 2 is really spicy and I don't need it, sometimes I use all the extra spice. Overall though, we definitely recommend this place!笑
I grew up in Scottsdale and have been coming to Malee's since they opened.  I have always looked forward to an exceptional meal over the years and had never been disappointed...even after moving to California, I continued to make a point of coming to one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  Unfortunately the past three times I have come in for take-out, rushing home in anticipation of my favorite dish...the spicy crispy pla...I was greeted by a fish which was mushy in texture, dry, and whose breading resembled a mediocre frozen fillet from the market freezer.  While the staff is still friendly, the quality of 2 out of the 3 dishes I ordered was short of one star.  I actually drove back to show them the appearance of this fish, something I have never done. I would like to add that I also ordered the take-out and waited so that the fish would be very crisp. Initially the young man took my name on a piece of scrap paper which he said they would keep along the wall for the next time I came in.  I told him I was only in town every few weeks. Although he offered me a gift certificate, I declined. I truthfully didn't see the point of taking that as I don't plan on returning.  I was calm, but told him I was disappointed. I don't feel the handling of my complaint was at all satisfactory, especially since the owner was standing 15 feet away....a simple refund would have been in order for that one dish, and would have left me considering giving Malee's and their pla a 4th chance...笑
Malees has been around for a long time and for good reason ;)
Great Thai food
Order the spicy crispy pla
Tropical pineapple 
Evil jungle princess. 
Thai iced tea or coffee笑
It saddens me to write this review because we love this place.  We brought my in-laws here from out of town and had the worst service ever.  They were not that busy as we were seated right away but our server Chana V took forever to check on us during and after our meal (had he done so, we would ordered more cocktails & dessert)!  When we finally saw him we waived him over he gave us the check we paid by gift card ($100) and he told us there was only $60 left on it. 

I know for a fact that it was not true as we just purchased it when you had your web sale as we do every year.  Also, we know when we use your gift cards and leave a balance the server writes down the total available on the back of the gift card) but at that point we were so disgusted, we couldn't wait to leave so we didn't even bother to dispute it.    

On a positive note, the food was good and bus boy was wonderful as he made sure our water was filled and bagged up our left overs.  That is what's saving my review from a 1 star rating.笑
Stopped at Malee's Thai Bistro on a whim the other day with my friend who has been there before and really loves their Crispy Basil Chicken dish. This was my first time.

We arrived at 11:00a on the nose and were very cheerfully greeted at the door. We were told we could have our pick of any seat as they had literally JUST opened for the day.

I was immediately impressed by the enthusiastic welcome and further impressed by the clean, modern feel of the interior. We found a spot and got settled.

We decided to order a couple of appetizers and share the Crispy Basil Chicken order. And it's a good thing we did! The order was huge. We couldn't finish it all between us.

Another important note: the young man that served us was great. I forgot to get his name, but he was very polite and super helpful. Really great service there, too.

Malee's gets four stars because, while the food portions were very acceptable, the food itself was just kind of blah for me. Obviously American fusion style Thai. Just ok.

I'd give Malee's a 3 star review for the high prices and for the food (because I'm a snob about authentic Thai), but they win the extra star EASILY because of service and experience.

Thanks, Malee's team, for a very nice "brunch" this weekend.   :)笑
Enjoyed sitting out on the patio listening to some live music from the Thursday night art walk.

The soup was AMAZING.  Very delicious.

I hated my meal- Arizona Heat or something- a red and coconut curry.  It had tons of black and white pepper and I couldn't even eat it.  My friend had the yellow curry.  I also did not like the peppery flavor.

The waiter didn't even offer to take it off the bill even though I had only taken one bite.

If it was not for the soup and the ambiance I would give this place one star.  :)笑
It doesn't look like they sell authentic thai food when you see the menu and all the diversity amongst the workers but trust me looks can be deceiving. We were ready to leave when we looked at the menu and didn't find a section with all the different curry dishes grouped together (green, red, panang, ect) but after asking a worker who was probably the manager if they sold real thai food, I was told yes they do and asked what I was looking for. I asked for panang or red curry tofu and was shown on the menu where they were or what dish they could be made from replacing the chicken with tofu. Some of the curry dishes had unique names so the worker pointing them out really helped and kept me at the restaurant. I ended up getting the yellow curry tofu which isn't on the menu but any meat can be replaced with anything. The menu said the yellow curry was the mildest of the curries. I like hot thai food so I asked our server if the dish could be make with a 3.5 on a spicyness scale that goes up to 5. The food was amazing. My only complaint is the potatoes were a little too hard. The service was quick and the water was refilled constantly by a bunch of different water boys. I'm glad I ended up staying. This my new go to thai place. I will be coming here often. I got the large yellow curry tofu and ended up paying about $16 with the tax included. I was full and satisfied when I left. The hard potatoes almost took a star off but I'll let it slide this time, if it's hard again next time I'll change my rating. I dug the vibe and atmosphere. Great thai restaurant.笑
A friend and I had a wonderful dinner at Malee's Thai Bistro last night.  It is really one of the best Thai restaurants I have eaten in anywhere and that is quite a lot.  The food and the service were excellent, couldn't have been more pleased with the whole experience.  Will recommend and return as soon as possible!  Great stuff!笑
Doesn't taste authentic at all. Food looks amazing but lacks in flavor. Also the curry has no bamboo shoots in it which is disappointing.笑
Them an Arizona native and the growth in Scottsdale so this place used to be one of my regular spots way back in the day. I live in the far southeast Valley now and rarely come out to Snottsdale anymore. My wife and I did a staycation at a local resort and we decided to come into here and really glad we did. It seems to be a lost art these days our servers that give a crap about their trade and are knowledgeable about the product that they serve. Our server was a delightful gal who knew the menu inside and out and instead of just taking an order was a menu guider.

We started with the puh-puh platter that they call "the taste of Thai" it was an excellent selection at $14. It had spring rolls, chicken satay, crab Rangoon, potstickers etc. they came with all of these really cool sauces to. Loved it.

My wife rather picky about what she eats usually sticks to the main staples especially when it comes to Asian food. She ordered a Mandarin chicken and as soon as they put it down I could see that she wasn't going to like it as she eats a lot with her eyes and not her mouth. Sure enough she tried it and didn't like it is that orange peel gives off kind of a burnt taste. That's all her and her pickiness because I tried it and I thought it was fantastic don't judge her lack of taste. The server is gracious enough to bring her a replacement plate of teriyaki chicken. They put a rush on the order came out rather quickly and that chicken was absolutely out of this world. It was cooked crispy perfectly and seasoned wonderfully. She said it was the best teriyaki chicken she's ever had. I agree with her.

I had a seafood curry that had scallops and shrimp, call Mari, muscles and fish it was served in a spicy red curry sauce. Server asked me on a scale of 1 to 5 about the heat index and I said a three. Three is hot so be forewarned as I was sweating to the oldies eating that dish. The curry flavor was exceptional.

We also had a bowl of chicken wonton soup that had I think was spinach in it but also these incredibly good chicken dumplings. The ingredients are really good however the broth needed salt. 

I love this place can't wait to go again!笑
I know I will gain some haters but BEST TOM KA GAI soup in the world! Okay, so I have not traveled the world, but it stays my favorite spot for the moment. The fresh ingredients, absence of oil on the top, perfect heat and beautiful clean place to eat it are all included in my rating. Service was excellent. I have eaten here multiple times and tried several specials and I am just never disappointed. Their summer rolls are fresh and tasty, I adore the basil chicken dish as well as the appetizers that I have had there. I will tell you that many things on the menu will be very different from your usual Thai restaurant. But be daring, Do you really want the same old Pad Thai? Noooo, you are in the Art District of Old Town. You are staring at $50K works of art while you are dining,,,you deserve the specials. Yes they have beer, good beer. My only issue I have ever had here, and I am not subtracting stars for it, is some dog owners walk right by your table while you eat outside and let their beloved Fido sniff your table. I can't see that to be any fault of Malee;s. That would be Snotsdale dog owners.Oops, did that slip out?笑
Malee's Thai Bistro is a Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.  Good not great in this Yelper's opinion, but you'll find some quality dishes in a contemporary atmosphere.

My Overall Rating - 3 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)

Atmosphere - Malee's Thai Bistro has two dining areas.  You'll find a main room and another that accompanies the bar.  On our weekday visit, it was busy, full of energy, and had a nice vibe.  We sat in the room with the bar and it had a nice mural of Southeast Asia on the wall.  1 Star.

Service - Our server was very friendly and helpful.  We did have a problem with one of our dishes (see below) and while she wasn't available during the meal for us to address it, she did have it removed from the bill.  Kudos for that but I would have liked a check in so we could have addressed it earlier.   1/2 Star.

Food - Crispy Basil Chicken - order it.  It's the best item.  You'll get tender, well-seasoned chicken that you can pair with rice or any other noodle dish.  It's slightly sweet with a hint of basil.  We also enjoyed the calamari salad, although it really didn't seem like a Thai dish.  I guess it felt like it was a more American dish vs. Thai, but I was good.  Our Pad Thai was ok - nothing great but nothing bad.  Our one item that was really off was the Pad Woon Sen.  I love this dish - as it has thin glass mung bean noodles, scallions, and egg (main ingredients).  Our dish, however, had a hint of kerosene smell.  As we ate it, something didn't seem right.  We tried to flag down our server but she didn't come back until we were finishing up.  Now, they did remove it from the bill, but it would have been nice to of had the option to replace it instead. 1 Star.

Will I Return? - Maybe.  Aside from the Pad Woon Sen, our meal was good.  Now, I think the menu has a lot of American influences, but there seems to be enough to warrant a return.   1/2 Star.

My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):
1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.
1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.
2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.
1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. 

Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.笑
I love this place!! Very unique and tasty food options. Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in town.笑
I've been twice now.  Both times the food quality was just average.  I dock an additional star for being overpriced.

The basil crispy chicken just didn't work for me.  Maybe it's their execution, but the "flash frying" of the basil just creates a bitter flavor that ruins the dish.

The pad thai was very average.  I know it's not an adventurous thai dish, but I had a hankering for it and was disappointed that it wasn't better.

I do like the atmosphere, and the service was solid.  I liked Phuket, a beer I don't remember having had before.

The tables on the sidewalk are dog-friendly.笑
There are so many lousy restaurants in Scottsdale, but Malee's is a complete standout! The food and service is consistently fabulous.

There are so many fantastic dishes to choose from including:  PaNang Curry, Coconut Chili Fish, TomKaKai Soup, Crispy Basil Chicken, Green Curry...and to top it off Coconut Ice cream.

Great restaurant!笑
This was hands down the best Thai food I have ever had!!
We started with water. Our cups NEVER went empty! I love that!
Then we had the crab rangoons with raspberry sake sauce. They were oven hot and perfectly crisp bursting with favor!
My husband and I both agreed that we could have had a huge bowl of the TomYumm soup and given the restaurant 5 stars just on that soup alone. You could taste every single ingredient with each bite. Not one thing overpower the other. Simply amazing!!!
My husband had the Pad Thai which had looked very promising, unfortunately the shrimp and the egg was overlooked. Don't get me wrong it was still good and we would be willing to try that dish again but, for that I took one star away.
I had the crispy mango fish which was phenomenal! Every bit seemed to get better and better. There was so much flavor in each bit. It arrived beautifully arranged and oven hot.
We will absolutely be back!!!笑
Walked in without any preview of any past reviews.  Service was impeccable and food quality was great.  Very yummy food!  Not so traditional, more of fusion but with all the right Thai flavors.  Good portion size as well.笑
I ordered pad thai for lunch and my companion ordered fried fish (catfish) and neither was worth it.  I never found a scollop and there were 2 shrimp.  Other items were missing.  The catfish was tasteless and overcooked.  I cannot understand all the good reviews, but the service was excellent.笑
I was looking for a good place to take the team to have a year end lunch. Malee's Thai Bistro is a good Thai restaurant in the heart of old town Scottsdale, with good decor and good food.笑
Once in a while, I feel like yelp reviews fail me. On my last night in Scottsdale, I decided to give this place a shot. It had so many good yelp reviews.

Unfortunately, my meal was lackluster. I dined at the bar, since I was traveling solo. I ordered the crab rangoons and the basil chicken entree. The rangoons were very small and not well seasoned. I had to drown them in sauce to add flavor to the thin understuffed appetizer. When my entree arrived, it resembled a bunch of chicken tenders drowned in tamarind sauce. According to the menu, this dish is a staff favorite. Can't say the same for me...it was edible but not great. Oh well, you win some you lose some.笑
Dinner on a Sunday evening at 7:30 pm. Our first time and we had a great meal,  wonderful service. Our waitress knew entire menu and able to suggest items, describe them for us. Nice atmosphere and quaint setting. Glad we found Malees.笑
Appetizer tofu spinach potstickers, very tasty, served with interesting mustard sauce but small portion. Had pad Thai, too spicy and both shrimp and chicken dry and overcooked. Thai ice tea, odd flavor. Others had Vietnam rolls, also tasty, bigger portion than my app. Tom Kai soup was quite good. 5 stars on that, but overall I was disappointed. 2years ago in desert ridge location, everything was so delicious?笑
This is THE best Thai food restaurant in town. I have been coming here for about 18 years now.  It is a little more pricey than most but totally worth it. You can get deals during their happy our which is from 3pm-6pm.  I love their Evil Jungle Princess and Crispy Basil Chicken. I have never been disappointed with a meal here.  Their "Taste of Thai" appetizer is a good place to start. They will make if for as many people as you want. Their soups are amazing too! They also offer cooking classes. In the summer time they offer a gift certificate, spend $60 and get $100 worth. I think they also have one where you spend $30 and get $50 worth.  YOU MUST GO HERE IF YOU LIKE THAI FOOD.笑
I love Thai food. This place has the worst panang chicken, I think of all time. Honestly, terrible, you should not be proud of this slop of an excuse.笑
Thought I'd give Thai a try after reading some of the Y reviews.  I've been to Thailand and taken cooking courses there and so I must say I am a little jaded.  With that said I thought their version of Kang Karie was good, nicely balanced flavor to the curry, but the chicken was dry, as I find it seems to be everywhere.  The noodle dish was a bit difficult to maneuver, as the noodles were all glued together, but once we cut them all up it was manageable and the Chinese sausage added an interesting dimension of flavor with it's classic 5 spice taste.  The garnish of celery threw me for a loop, but I think I'm nit picking that one.  I liked that they offered two sizes of servings, especially since we were eating a very late lunch and had plans for dinner and did not want that spoiled.笑
Bought the Groupon for Malee's a few months ago and had my first ever Thai food experience! This place seriously blew my mind, I could not stop talking about it for days. Specifically the Thai Toast and CRISPY BASIL CHICKEN. Thinking about it right now is actually making me hungry. I hate myself for not trying Thai food earlier. I'm not sure how close to traditional Thai fare my meal was, but as far as I'm concerned it was an excellent intro.笑
The food is not that authentic. The sauces are too thick, salty and not subtle. They use the wrong white rice, short grain instead of Jasmine.笑
Great food.  Plates are smaller but it is worth it.  Taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing.  A great place for lunch as well.笑
Worst Thai I've ever had.. There was hardly any vegetables and the chicken in the soup tasted really gamey. Not very authentic either.笑
I came here with family and we where all very disappointed! The fried rice was mushy and didn't taste good at all the beef and broccoli was dry and tasted burned!!!笑
I was a little disappointed with my meal at Malee's. I had lunch with some friends; we had the Thai sampler appetizer, which was large and had several different tasty items.

I ordered the panang curry with tofu, but I ended up being served chicken. I'm fine with eating chicken; I was just in the mood for tofu that day but didn't say anything to our waiter because it didn't really bother me one way or another. However, I think it was a little careless on his part because you never know who has dietary restrictions.

The pad thai was a little disappointing. I didn't care for the sauce (texture or taste). The salad that came with lunch had peanut sauce, but I thought it was a little heavy for the lettuce. The ginger chicken soup was good.

Prices were fair, as were portion sizes. The restaurant itself is very pretty with a nice location, but I don't think I would go back. It just wasn't a style of Thai food that I personally care for. Perhaps the other menu items are better.笑
5+ stars for customer service!
4 stars for food

We went with a group...7 in total and received great service. They were on top of everything...drinks quickly refilled, food came out fast, and they were attentive the whole time.
We ordered a variety of food(coco chili fish, jalepeno fried rice, curried duck, tom yum...) It was excellent and the portions were huge. Everyone took food home. Only gave it 4 stars because their "spicy" wasn't spicy enough for some guests.
Overall a really great experience and we'll be back soon - likely to try their happy hour specials!笑
Best Thai place in old town Scottsdale. Great ambiance and good service. The bar was also good. 

Had the pad Thai noodles with the vegetarian option. Tasted excellent. 

Would highly recommend  this place for people who just want to have a good casual evening.笑
Had dinner here the other night and was not very impressed with the food we ordered. We were still pretty full from lunch so we decided to order salads. I had the crispy calimari salad and my girlfriend ordered the glass house noodle salad. Her salad was extremely disappointing. First, for approximately $13 it only had three pieces of shrimp. Additionally, the salad came topped with "chicken". Normally when we order salad the chicken comes in either a breast or strips but this chicken looked ground up and pre-chewed. Definitely would not recommend this dish. On a positive note the calimari in my salad was cooked perfectly (not greasy or oily) but the rest of the dish failed to come together (the flavor profiles were not to my tastes). The place itself looks amazing on the inside and the service was extremely good. I would give it one more shot and order a curry dish here to try out some of the restaurant's strengths.笑
Not really sure why this place is so highly rated...

Food: bland, nowhere near authentic. I asked for thai hot and received very little spice.

Spring rolls: tough rice paper
Dragon noodles: dry, bland, I asked for veggies and received 3 whole small pieces of vegetables...with a nice additional charge
Pad Thai: was edible, nothing to write home about
tom yum: was possibly the worst I have ever had! I probably try 15-25 new places each year and this one wins the award of worst so far...

Service: possible the worst service I've had for the price of the food.

Atmosphere: we sat on the "beautiful patio" there were several pigeons in the rafters. Feathers and bird gifts were all over the tables, chairs, and landing near our food.

The two stars are for the location and hostess who was super pleasant. Besides that I don't plan on returning to this overpriced, bland food creating establishment.笑
My boyfriend & I stopped here for an early dinner.  We arrived in time for happy hour and what a super deal; a sampler plate for $20.00!  The portions were more than ample for the two of us, and, SO GOOD! The service was excellent and friendly. The out door seating was absolutely lovely and relaxing on a beautiful 85 degree Scottsdale day. Since moving from Long Beach, CA I've been looking for a favorite Thai place - I've found it!笑
Food: 3.5 Service: 5 Ambiance: 5

The biggest plus to this restaurant is its gluten-free menu, essential for certain people.  The food was tasty, although clearly "tamped down" to suit the clientele that frequents this area.  The 'medium spicy" would be considered mild in most places with a large Asian population, so I recommend ordering a level higher than you would in places like LA, San Francisco, or Houston.  Still, the food is well-prepared and presented, and the waitstaff is very professional and friendly.  We would return if we're in this area again.笑
We have been to Malee's several times.
The food is consistent each time we go.
The happy hour has very good prices on wine, beer and appetizers, so perhaps this is a good way to try a few of their dishes first and then you can decide to come back!
We found ourselves enjoying any of their fish dishes.  We like chicken and other meats, but feel the preparation of fish at Malee's represent the better items on their menu.  
We always get a bowl of the Tom Ka Gai soup.  It is $6.25 a bowl which is a relatively high price for the size of the bowl, but worth every penny.
The Warm Glass Noodle Salad was a bit of a disappointment this time.  There were only four shrimp in the entire salad and they were very overcooked.  
The last item we had was the Crispy Mango Fish.  It was a wonderful white fish with a semi-sweet sauce with mango which was perfect.  If you like heavy batter on your fish, then stick with the other dishes on the menu.  The batter at Malee's is very light and crispy.笑
Absolutely the finest Thai restaurant I have ever eaten in. The food was delicious, and fresh, the Tom Yum soup was the best ever. The service was outstanding. I totally recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone笑
Great food! Yummy! Atmosphere is nice and the pricing is reasonable.笑
Ahh, everything was yummy ... Nice place, very nice staff, wonderful food!笑
This is one of the most amazing Thai Restaurants in Scottsdale, the dishes are divine!!笑
One of the best dinning experiences I have had in a while.  I believe my waiters name was Brandon he made the experience a five star for sure! The service and food were outstanding.  Loved the Thai sampler and my go-to here is the pad Thai. I always order out from this place but last week was my first time dinning in. Excited and looking forward to dining in many more times.  This Thai place "tied" at number one with my previous Thai post. A must try.笑
The soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend. I've had it better at a Chinese restaurant in CO.笑
By far some of the best Thai food I've had!  We had a great meal here and will definitely be back for more.

We had the appetizer platter (delicious - but would be nice if you could make it larger as we had a group of 3 and had to cut everything up so everyone could have a bite of each dish), pad thai, pork in peanut sauce (yum!), a mixed seafood dish in red curry and chicken with fried basil.  All reasonably priced with a great wine selection.  Very friendly and fast service as well.

Our only tip would be to make a reservation in advance, although we did not wait long and just did a quick wander to the galleries (open late for Art Walk on Thursday nights in Old Town).笑
After a 2 year absence, I was so excited to have the chance to go to one of my favorite thai restaurants, Malee's. I love thai food, authentic thai food, and Malee's did a great job.
Boy, have things changed!! I was dining with 2 other people and we all kept looking at one another in disbelief at how bad the food was. Dierdre's Jalapeno Fried Rice had no flavor, the rice was like Uncle Ben's dried out and stiff, and if I remember correctly, egg is usually mixed in but ours had none. The Basil Chicken was coated with a really thick goo, like wet flour and the piece de resistance, the fried Softshell Crabs were inedible. The batter was at least a 1/2 inch thick, soft and gooey like a doughnut. 
I'm not sure what has happened in the kitchen since I was last there but whatever it is, they had better fix it fast - they have lost me as a customer and I'm sure I'm not the only one.笑
Malees is set within all the art galleries on Main Street in old town. Ambiance is very nice, you can dress casual or fancy and not feel like you stick out either way. There are usually long stretches in between my visits but the bartender remembers my name which is great. 
I usually end up here when I decide to leave work early and can still catch happy hour. Its a nice quiet bar where I can read and hang out and eat a little. Definitely not the fun chaotic happy hour bar that you might have in mind for gathering with a bunch of friends. Its a quiet little bar which is exactly what I need sometimes. 
I've been there a few times. So far I've tried the fried catfish, the tom ka gai soup, wonton soup, spring rolls and shumai dumplings. 
Everything is good. ... just not great. Not four stars in my opinion at least. The only thing that should come with a "no!!" warning are the shumai dumplings.... They are just over-the-top with garlic. Its literally like eating a clove whole. The Tom Ka Gai soup is very very very good, and loaded with enough chicken for that to be the whole meal if you're eating light. This is a five-star soup, as is their wonton soup. Fried catfish is good, generous portion and not overly battered. Spring rolls are weak. Sure...they're spring rolls, I guess you can't expect too much but at same time they're not too difficult to do well either. 
All in all...quaint spot, great service, but food is just okay. I'm willing to give it another shot .... probably more out of convenience than anything else though.笑
I was at the AZ School of Real Estate and Business taking my licensing classes and walked outside on a break. The smells from Malee's next door were KILLING ME! I headed over for lunch with a friend and had the Tom ka gai from the dinner menu - waiter's recommendation and the Panang with beef. I ordered the Panang three star hot and woke up the next day craving it. The soup is too much for one so I split it with my friend. It is so good you will want to pour it down your throat. Chris, the manager was superb! He is from Thailand and made us feel so welcome.笑
Got the usual.  Spring rolls, pad thai, tom khat gai soup.  Soup was way too thick.  And what's with these places leaving all of the lemongrass and galangal chunks and kaffir leaves in the soup.  In the 2 go container, a third was filled with things I had to fish out.  I don't know why I even order this soup from anyone but Krua Thai, nothing else in town touches it.  The spring rolls were fresh and pleasant and the Pad Thai had good flavor, but there was the red color thing another yelper commented on.  It also had no bean sprouts and the shrimp was overcooked.  I would go back and try other stuff if I was close, but wouldn't go out of  my way about it.笑
A recent transplant from the Bay Area, I was looking for an inexpensive and tasty Thai restaurant and I found it right here in Scottsdale. This is not exactly what I was expecting, as I am comparing it to Bay Area Thai, but the presentation and portions are great and the atmosphere is cozy and inviting. We found the food fresh, the curries were great and you can make them hot, really hot or off the charts! In my numerous visits I have found a friendly wait staff, excellent service and no problem parking!笑
My husband and I ate here last night because we were craving Thai food. We have ordered out from here before and loved the food. We thought it would make a nice date night. Wow, the service was exceptional! Our server was Kevin and he was extremely professional and friendly. The food was excellent! We couldn't stop talking about it all night. We woke up talking about the food last night. Thank you so much for the great service from all the staff. We truly felt like celebrity's last night! This was a date we will never forget! We will definitely be back.笑
The waiter gave us superior service.  I wish I got his name, but he was a tall, young Hispanic fellow and was just excellent.  
The food....was ok.  Not the best Thai I've ever had by far:  Pad Thai was loaded with chicken and shrimp which is a plus+, but what is with that red color in all their food?
I've been in Thailand, ate lots of Pad Thai there and never once had anything that was red in color...hmmm..go figure?  It was spiced way too much to be authentic Thai having been there but it was ok.
Had the Thai Basil Margharita which was really refreshing for Summer.  Worth drinking again...and maybe another again.
Loaded with business on Saturday night, great service...food just ok.  Would I hit it up again?  If I were in the area maybe but  never would I make a special trip to eat this style of Thai.  Just not my style at all.笑
Green peppercorn shrimp and calamari has got to be the house joke. Three tiny shrimp, not even measuring an inch in diameter, along with rings of Calamari so minuscule they resembled small rubber bands. Not kidding.
Why, half the fun of eating calamari is grossing your friends out by hanging all the tentacles halfway out of your mouth - then sucking them back in - in a mighty swoosh. 
Major disappointment, no swooshing.

Malee's. 
If you think your fabulous sauces are going to wow me, getting me to overlook how  you just cheated me out of fifteen bucks, you're wrong. 

I don't like gnawing on lemongrass sticks either. Leave them out. They do nothing for the presentation, save for tricking your average Thai food novice into taking a bite. 
This would be like an American restaurant leaving bay leaves in everything and having Thai people thinking its something you eat. 
Shame on you. 

I didn't like the Spinach Chicken either.
Same chicken base and sauce as is in many of the other chicken dishes, only it's ladled over fresh, uncooked spinach leaves. 
You couldn't have put less effort into this dish if you tried. 
This is the Vanna White of Thai dishes.

Maybe this is how you survive the summer months when the tourists are gone. 
I'm out.笑
As we were seated to lunch my weary boyfriend turned to me and said "I don't know about an Asian resturant without Asian people." but after such great reviews on yelp I told him he was silly and proceeded to order. We started with the spring rolls, they tasted like the frozen free samples that you get from shopping at costco. Very disappointing... But maybe the main courses of red curry and pad Thai would be great. Wrong. The pad Thai came out swimming in syrup. It was like aunt jemima with ketchup and jalapeño- by far the worst pad Thai I have ever tried.  I don't even want to waste time typing about the curry.  I will give  a complement, the ingredients were fresh, and service was good.

It's great thai food for people who have never had Thai food before. The more I trust yelp here in Phoenix, the more I believe that people have no idea of what they are talking about.笑
First off I want to say this Thai food is the best! I love it. They have a huge menu for everyone and the food is delicious. However I give it 3 stars because...Be careful when ordering take out-make sure you check it at the restaurant. Twice now I have ordered take out and the order has been wrong. First time they put meat in my meal (I'm a vegetarian) second I had ordered the dinner curry and got a container only half full. It's annoying to get home al excited to eat your food and it be wrong. I come to the actual restaurant probably once a month and it's great! Service is fantastic and they have never messed up my order then. Just make sure to double check your take out or you will be sad when you get home.笑
My husband and I were visiting from Los Angeles.  So surprised to find a good Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.  I was also happy to see my favorite Green Curry to be on their menu.  I thought their dishes would be "Americanized", but they were very good Thai food.笑
Food tasty-thus a two star-though nothing to write home about as I am from south east Asia and have had better tasting food!
Service ridiculously horrible, slow and ignorant!
Third visit as a tourist; won't be coming back!!! Three years ago was busy on a Friday night at 7pm, wait time was 45 minute then, not so this time, many open tables....time to rethink!!!!笑
I've been here many times over the past decade and always had great service and food. The ambience and location are fantastic. But the star of the show is definitely the soup! You have not lived until you've had their Tom Yum or Tom Ka Gai!! I've been around the world and no one makes them like Malee's. I love going there when I have a cold and their soup takes care of it in minutes. So stop wasting your time and get to Malee's NOW.笑
Malee's please come to CA! I know there's Thai on every corner here but I have to say your place is the BEST I HAVE EVER HAD! 
As a young teen I remember my first time coming here. Maybe we shouldn't say how long ago that was but... (cough cough probably 20 years ago) a long time ago. Let me say since I was two I've eaten sushi and had always loved food... So coming here I had a surprise... I didn't care for it. I turned my nose up at it and told my aunt I wasn't hungry. Couple years go by tho and I have to mention I went back and to my surprise I fell in LOVE WITH THE TOM YUM SOUP! I mean I asked for seconds and maybe turned the bowl upside down so savor every last drop. 
As I look back I realize I must have been in one of those terrible teenage moods. Surprising I know but I was from Texas and I am pretty sure I saw it and thought...veggies and that smell?? I'm not gonna like that. Ugh! Here I could have been enjoying Malee's for two years prior and my teen bratty side took over. 
Now I must tell everyone this is my favorite restaurant ever! For every special occasion I prefer Malee's over Flemming's, Mastros, Ruth's and even after opening out precious Roy's of Scottsdale (I know it's gone from Scottsdale..sad) I prefer it over all. 
We always have the same but when we take guest I enjoy seeing of anyone else will want to try something new I haven't tried. 
I order off the old menu since I'm "ancient" and the new menu confuses me. I remember the old menu had so many items tho that I'm sure it makes things much easier to have slimmed down the deliciousness to the best. 
First we have the Summer Rolls served with plum sauce and peanut sauce and I always ask for some siraca since I like it spicy. They are such a treat since AZ is so hot in the summer and it's served cool. In other words this is a fresh summer roll and not "fried" so please don't get confused ..it's not a spring roll. It's has ingredients such as fresh basil and I believe you can do chicken or shrimp ..or both? Idk.. All I know is they're BOMB and my mouth is watering so ....in to the second course. 
Next is my favorite dish and I confess I have come to get this item as takeout  TOO MANY TIMES TO COUNT!!!! It's amazing and still to this day THE BEST SOUP I HAVE EVER...EVER HAD!!! 
Tom Yum soup seafood combination is simply to dies for! Oh Deirdre  Sweet beautiful Deirdre  one day please open up in Ca! You would make so many people sooooo happy!! I just can't tell you how amazing this soup is...you will need to try it yourself! AND WHEN YOU DO... You will thank me a million times over (by buying me some Tom Yum) . One thing I have to say is I do sometimes take out the squid (my aunt doesn't like the texture..but I say hand it over... And the root that looks like wood haha... Yeh... Don't eat that. It's so flavorful that I'm sure that and the cilantro and fresh lemongrass are some of the fine ingredients that being this dish to my all time faves. Seriously! You will crave this soup and pick it up just by its self for dinner!! 
For the main dishes we usually keep it family style and have what use to be called the "00" (double zero), now referred to as the Arizona Heatwave. It's a delicious ed curry that is simply the only red curry that I ever order. Here in Cali I have to stick to the yellow curry. Her red curry is such an amazing distinct flavor of richness that it's just incomparable to others. I don't know what she does but I've tried it everywhere along with the soup and nah.... Never ever the same. I do order this dish without coconut milk. Still want brothy creamy texture but the coconut milk for me is a nah. It's served with all sorts of veggies from carrots, broccoli to baby corn and celery. Oh man this review...can you tell I'm in love with this place? Ok so quickly I'll tell ya the other couple entrees we have when in a group is the Pad Thai noodles (yumm) and the Crispy Pla White Fish... (Double Yumm). Both are just delectable dishes that beat other Thai restaurants by a mile shot! 
Now that I have mentioned the food ui know you want to go... Now I must tell you to make a reservation please. The front desk staff is always sweet and I believe his name is Jon? Just a breath of fresh air this handsome devil. So sweet and even tho it seems I have seen him over half my life we probably have never spoken more than a couple words. Hope he knows he is a gem to the restaurant. I mean I always look for him and of course beautiful Deirdre. You can't miss her. She's the gorgeous blond whoa presence demands your attention when walking through the room. (If course when I'm with my gorgeous aunt Diane Dillard...you can't miss that beauty two). Woah.. Those two in the same room... Watch out Scottsdale!  
I have to mention one last thing that is always such a treat and so unique.. When served the check you receive a cool treat of white chocolate served in what I imagine as a type of husk from maybe corn or bamboo? Just a GEM this place!笑
We had a terrific lunch on a Wednesday. We walked in about 12:30 pm and the place was jumping. Only one table empty and they were a little bit in the weeds so it took a little while to get our server to come back and take our order. He apologized for the slower than normal service, luckily we were not in any kind of hurry and we didn't mind.

My better half ordered the lunch special jalapeño fried rice with added Chinese sausage and the soup of the day which was chicken cucumber. To keep it on the lighter side I ordered the Drunken Dragon wraps.

The server was right on the money regarding the level of heat on a 1 to 5 scale. We told him we liked it hot and he said a 3 will make your head sweat. He was right, it was the perfect amount of heat.

The chicken cucumber soup had a flavor that I can't really describe, it tasted very authentic, was very light and probably had some fish sauce. It was a small cup for the lunch special and had two or three large chunks of chicken and about eight or 10 small chunks of cucumber in the broth. The soup came out piping hot - scalding actually, you're not going to get sick from lukewarm soup at this place!

The jalapeño fried rice with the Chinese sausage was perfectly balanced. The rice was tender, the jalapeño was not overpowering in terms of the number of pieces or heat level, and the Chinese sausage slices were well charred and defatted so that it did not have that cold salami type of texture - they were actually crispy and browned nicely.

The Drunken Dragon Wraps was a welcome change from the usual Larb flavor profile which for me usually has too much lime and not enough other flavor. The chicken was tender and paired well with the very mild amount of curry and small amount of coconut milk added to it. Some cilantro and peanut garnishes which were served on the side or a nice touch.

Next time we are in town we will definitely return!笑
Don't go!! We had four dishes total (including Pad Thai, Tum Yum and scallops and basil, and all had a red (tomato looking) stock base. It was strange. Food was not very good and this writer was confused about the many good reviews of the past. Caveat emptor!! Something has changed.  And Again I say, Don't go!!!笑
Best wings I've had here in Phoenix/Scottsdale 
Everyone is super nice and friendly.
Thanks guys!笑
Even despite management...
Food was spectacular....
Server (  Cameron) above avg.!笑
nice restaurant but the food is just okay. i ordered the mango fish 5 star, i ordered chicken curry 2 star watered down, jalapeño fried rice 1 mushy. if you want good thai food go to la thai in scottsdale better price delicious and a good portion... i'll come back for the mango fish that's about it.....one star for mango fish and one star for great customer service...笑
Try the Mango Fish.  It's delicious.  Nice place, friendly staff.  This is my second visit...won't be my last.笑
Celebrated my daughter's birthday. Had reservations at 6:30 and when we walked in, we were seated immediately. Our seats were opposite the bar and we were seating near a group of 6. The area is small, so all the conversations were bouncing off the walls and we had to lean in to talk to each other. 

Our drinks consisted of Hot Tea $2, Petite Sirah $10 and a large bottle of Sapporo $8. Our waitress was very helpful and knowledgeable. When my tea got cold, she brought me a fresh pot of hot tea. 
 
We started off with the Coconut Shrimp (6) and you can taste the freshness of the coconut and the mango-pineapple dipping sauce, and a sweet pickled jalapeño sauce were amazing. 

Our entrees were the Spicy Cashew Beef, Pad Thai and Crispy Basil Chicken. The Spicy Beef was very flavorful and the sauce was excellent; Pad Thai was loaded with chicken and shrimp, the sweet paprika vinaigrette was a bit tart. I tasted all the dishes and I can see why the Crispy Chicken is a BIG hit.

Our dessert was Brulee and Pumpkin Custard. I've had larger portions of Brulee for $6. This one was in a ramekin. My Pumpkin Custard was really different which was served in a pumpkin that was 1/4 of the pumpkin. You ate everything down to the skin.

One thing to remember, they have a His/Her bathroom. Yes, singular, ONE bathroom which is in the bar area in the back right. Also, watch out for those aggressive bus boys. They are constantly clearing the plates from the table.笑
Three parties waited at the door on a weekend with NO acknowlegement. Wait staff just scooted by us and there were only a few tables occupied. We and one other party left after about 10 minutes. Not a good sign.  I won't bother trying again. Prior trips have always been enjoyable.笑
This place gets really busy on a friday night so plan ahead if you want to eat here (make reservations).  We were sitted in the bar area had a couple of really good drinks and sushi.  Overall it was good, the atmosphere was just a bit too crowded for me so it lacked in comfort.笑
This is a nice place for a business dinner, but on my own I wouldn't go here. The service is great. The food is OK, maybe a little pricey, but there are no fire works. Actually, I take that back, their creme brulee was pretty amazing, but the Thai food was just OK. I *love* that I don't ever have to worry about something being too spicy or that I might go home with food poisoning (hence why it's good for business dinners), but I never CRAVE their food. There are just too many hole-in-the-wall Thai places with better food that blow this place out of the water.笑
I could eat here every day. Finally went with my sis and we started with the Basil Curry Clams for an appetizer and each ordered a specialty cocktail. The clams were cooked perfectly and the sauce they were served with...well, it was imperative to have rice just to be able to indulge. 

For dinner we split the Burma Gai and the Tom Ka Gai soup. After the soup, I was curious if an additional plate was even necessary. We were glad we did. Both were rich and delicious with just the right amount of spice. There was enough left over for my BF and I for dinner the next night - a rarity as I'm sure I had seconds of the soup while we were there. 

We ordered all food medium in spice level so we would be able to figure out their specific heat levels - and we wanted to actually taste the food. I may bump it up a level next time...which I hope is very soon. Highly recommend this place - one of the best Thai places I've experienced so far.笑
Either my palate is more refined, or this place has gone downhill. The service itself was quite nice, but the food was lacking. I was there for happy hour and ordered the 2 appetizers recommended by the waiter. While the portion size was ample, you likely won't be interested in having it wrapped up to go. The summer rolls were basically a large roll of rice noodles--very little veggies or meat at all. In fact maybe just two tiny morsels. The sauces were tasty, but couldn't get enough of them to overcome the dry wads of rice noodles. The crab rangoons were nothing special. In fact, I was left with a sort of funky-fishy flavor, and I'm half expecting to be sick in the next hour. There are so many good restaurants in this area. Don't waste your time with this one.笑
Some of the best Thai food I've ever had. Ingredients were exceptionally fresh and flavors were authentic.  
 
All of the vegetables and proteins were cooked to perfection.  

Level 4 Spice wasn't "too" hot and tasted more like level 3 but that's okay. I wasn't disappointed because the flavors of each dish were on point without the additional heat.笑
I feel sorry for people who think this is as good as Thai food gets. They have no idea what they are missing out on.  After several days of eating Italian and American food, we decided to go "Asian" and chose Malee's based on the high average Yelp rating.

My first impression was good.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance and the service is pretty good.  But I was shocked when I saw the menu.   The prices are outrageous.  It ended up costing $62 for 3 people.  I'm pretty sure I could've gotten the same amount of food for half the price at any Thai restaurant in LA.

We ordered Crab Rangoon, Tom Ga Kai soup, Calamari salad, and Roasted Duck Curry.  The Crab Rangoon lacked crab and the sauce did not go well with the fried dumpling.  One of my pet peeves is when a restaurant defaults to white meat chicken without asking me for my opinion. News Flash! There are many of us out there who prefer the juiciness and tenderness of dark meat chicken.  Anyway, the Tom Ga Kai had all white meat chicken and it tasted dry and flavorless. Furthermore, the soup was too thick and was more like a stew.  The soup base itself was far too sweet.  I order this soup at every Thai restaurant I go to so I think I've had it enough times to be able to say that this one was the worst.   I am also a huge fan of Roasted Duck Curry and this was the worst Roasted Duck Curry I've had at a Thai restaurant anywhere.  Even though this was not a good Roasted Duck Curry, we all agreed that it was the best thing we ordered.  How sad.笑
Hubby and I have been here a couple of times. He works in Arizona right now and I'm visiting a lot.
My impression of this sweet little restaurant? A great date place! Pretty, romantic and comfortable. We were sat outside in this private little area the first night we went there. It was so lovely! We were way in the back, on the patio outside, almost hidden from everyone else. My first thought was that we might end up being neglected by the staff, but nothing could have been further from the truth. They were very attentive. There's always someone coming to your table, filling your water glass, clearing plates, asking if you need anything. 
The food was so good! I had a crispy mango fish dish that had so much flavor! They even offer brown rice if you want it. They offer about 6 levels of spiciness. We had a couple of sticky rice desserts, one mango and the other, custard with black sticky rice--really good. We enjoyed it so much that we drove back to Scottsdale this past weekend and had another awesome meal there. There are so many places to get Thai food, but this restaurant is one of the best I've dined in.笑
Reading over the reviews that came before this one, it's hard to believe everyone is describing the same restaurant. It looks like Malee's suffers from inconsistent food quality and service. The day I tried it, both were excellent, and several people told me that Malee's is one of their favorite restaurants, if that helps anyone to decide whether they want to go there.

One big plus for me: A gluten-free menu. My waiter and the manager were both very knowledgeable about the needs of people with celiac disease.

A big plus for the friends who took me to Malee's: It's a great place for vegetarians to eat. 

The Tom Yum soup was so delicious that I can't wait to try it again. I can't remember the name of my main course, but it included chicken and vegetables in coconut milk. It was also very good. 

I know the most reviews mention more than two dishes, but I wanted to post to spread the word that Malee's is a good place for people who follow a gluten-free or vegetarian diet.笑
We had a large group and they honored our reservation with having the tables ready at our specified time as opposed to getting them ready when we arrived. We had a somewhat set menu. 

The tofu dumplings were delicious. Satay chicken was alright. 

We had a choice between 3 entrees. I want to give them higher ratings for their service, but the spiciness between the dishes were very inconsistent. You get to choose on a 1-5 scale and finding a dish that suited your desired spiciness was a hit or miss. Some people's 1-2 were super spicy and other's 4-5 weren't that spicy. (note: 5 is spiciest) 

Also, we had a huge mess with the bill where they put all the appetizers onto one bill for a table, and none on ours. It was quite a mess trying to figure that out. Also, their timing for food was so bizarre. By the time 1 table had basically finished their dinner then the rest of the meals arrived.  Then again, dealing with 40+ people is a lot.笑
Love love love the basil chicken.  Duck curry was okay.  Rice was moist and house wine more than adequate for the price.  Service was really good and helpful, (the regular menu is a better value than the happy hour menu).  Water was regularly replenished.    Left full and feeling fat.笑
This is one of my favorite dinner spots, can't believe I haven't reviewed sooner! :)

My favorite dish is the glass noodles with chicken, super delicious and actually made of string beans so it's healthy! ;) Also highly recommend the crispy mango fish. Though I haven't had them myself, my family also loves the evil jungle princess and yellow curry.

Service is always consistent and friendly here. You can tell it's a family-owned/run restaurant and they do a great summer special so be sure to ask if it's still on! :)笑
I've been taking classes through the real estate school that sits behind this little gem for the past week. Each time I step out for some fresh air, my mouth starts to water--the aromas that drift up from Malee's always make me second guess returning to class. 

This evening, equipped with a growling stomach and some brutal seasonal allergies, I made it a point to arrive an hour before class and finally give this place a go. I must have appeared lost as I walked up towards the back of the restaurant because one of the employees, Daniel, on his break and in the middle of a conversation, quickly asked if he could help me find something. When I told him I was looking for the entrance, he was kind enough to end his call, introduce himself, and escort me inside to a lady, Angel, who seemed delighted to seat me (customer service at its best!). 

The décor was classy, modern. And the view I had of the patio as the sun set was spectacular. I ordered a beer, the Tom Ka Gai Soup and the Drunken Dragon Noodles, Thai hot (a level of heat that brought a couple beads of sweat to my brow). All were excellent, but I was in heaven when I tried their Tom Ka Gai soup (as though it weren't already a challenge to return to class). 

I've frequented Thai restaurants all over Phoenix and I've found that good Thai food is hard to come by; excellent Thai food is downright rare; but excellent Thai food coupled with phenomenal customer service from every server and staff member who walked past my table--well, let's just say I won't let the hour-long commute into Scottsdale deter me from many more future visits to Malee's!笑
Went here with some friends - cute ambiance and good food. I had the crispy mango fish which was delicious! Friends had the coco chilli fish which was really good too, but we weren't too crazy about the red curry. On average I'd say its about $15-20 and entree and the portion sizes are reflective of it. Lots of street parking, but the restaurant itself doesn't have a parking lot. Good service and friendly staff. I would definitely come back here.笑
I work close and go for lunch often.  It is a great lunch value for tasty Thai food.  I am normally not a brown rice fan.  But this place does it so well that I opt for brown over white rice especially when ordering one of the many curry dishes.  I am not sure what they do to the brown rice, but it is nutty and delicious and just the right texture, not mushy and not crunchy, but right at the sweet spot.  The menu is huge, so many items from which to chose.  I am still working my way through the menu, but so far everything has been fresh and tasty.  The servers are capable and friendly.  This is a solid spot for Thai food.笑
We are regulars at Maylee's and really enjoy the food I would rate it 5 stars, but the last 4 times we have came to eat we have had the worst service, from rushing us to eat to having a bad attitude and  it's very unwelcoming. It's too bad we run into these issues because We constantly bring out of town guests to also enjoy.
Hoping Managment starts realizing what's happening and brings in some friendlier people笑
BLOWN. AWAY.

The words "we will be back, we will be back" are marching through my brain like a chant! Marlee's Thai Bistro was amazing.

Between 4 of us we ordered a pot of Tom Ka Gai soup (best soup I've ever tasted and would go back tomorrow for this alone), shrimp pad thai, chicken panang curry, jalapeno fried rice, crab rangoon, and the burma gai. Everything was outstanding and so full of flavor. The only weak dish was the crab rangoon, but I'm also pretty picky about my rangoon. The rest of it though....fuggetaboutit. 

Finally found a Thai place in AZ that I can rave about. Yummo!笑
(Lyrics - Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up)

We're no strangers to Thai
You know your food and so do I
A full reviews what I'm thinking of
You wouldn't get this from any other guy
I just wanna tell you how it's tasting
Gotta go to a Thai Bistro

Malee's gonna serve you up
Malee's gonna sit you down
Malee's gonna serve a round and dine you
Malee's gonna make you rice
Malee's gonna fry noodles
Malee's gonna ask your spice and burn you!



I don't recall how many times I've reviewed Malee's but it always turns out for the better for both of us.  Malee's has been a highlight of for Thai food in Oldtown for quite some times as I recalled when I first moved here; and you know what....it still is!

Tonight was a special night as some of my friends and I gather for a birthday party and feast.  We ordered a bottle of wine and went for it.  I ordered their Crispy Pla (A.K.A Fish Candy).  They have other dishes that I love like the Crispy Basil Chicken; bite sized chicken glazed with a tamarind chili sauce, and Drunken Dragon Noodles; rice noodles and chicken tossed with basil and bean sprouts and lightly green curry sauce.  Everyone around the table wasn't sure about my order because of the name, but as dishes were being passed around my dish was becoming the star of the night.  Crispy fried fish drizzled with sweet and spicy pickled jalapeno garlic sauce on a bed of cabbage.  The sauce really was the star since I'm sure you could put in on chicken, beef, or pork and it would still be a great dish.

I love Malee's for their traditional take on Thai food, but also the ability to fuse an American style to enhance it's food.  Overall, Malee's is a must go if you're ever in Oldtown Scottsdale!笑
I've been to Malee's a couple of times and the food and service is always pretty good. It also has a very cozy atmosphere inside that makes it an enjoyable place to eat. The menu has a separate section for vegetarian items which is really helpful (and appreciated!). 

That said, part of the reason I love thai food is because of all the beautiful spices and flavors, which have been lacking in my meals from this restaurant. At first I thought it was because I ordered my food with "medium" heat, so next time I asked for "hot" heat, but there was no difference in the spiciness/flavor at all. 

Also, the mango and sticky rice was very disappointing, especially at the $6 price point! The tiny square of rice was so very small and the dish was, overall, kind of flavorless. 

I'd have no problem eating here again, but will be exploring other options first.笑
This may have been the best Thai food we have had. The restaraunt was clean, well appointed, and the service was excellent. We tried four small plates, and an appetizer. All but one were exceptional, and one was average.  The food was spicy as we had ordred it, and the portions were generous.  We will be going back for a second try this week- something we rarely do.笑
I travel to PHX a few times a year, and have been looking for good places to eat.  Boy did I hit the jackpot!  Melee's has great Thai food...  I don't mean to sound like an asshole, but being from San Francisco and hav ing spent a month in Thailand, my standards really are pretty high here.  

The Tom Ka Gai soup is top top notch, I have gotten it every time.  Super yum.

Tonite I had the special spicy prawn & calamari with peppercorns, 'shrooms, and broccoli.  Maybe a tiny bit too sweet, but overall wonderful.    I got both dishes straight up "spicy" (but not thai spicy!) and they totally got the heat level right.  

Finished it off with mango and sweet sticky rice.

I have had some not-so-memorable dishes too, but nothing was ever bad, and tonite was so good what the hell I'm going to give 'em 5 stars.笑
Their food is great!! They have fabulous coconut curry soup, spring rolls, and pad Thai. The servers can be a bit inattentive but it's worth it for some GREAT Thai food! One of my favorite places in the valley.笑
I love Thai food so much & Malee's has always been my FAVE. However, the last two times I've been in there it's just been... OK.

The service is usually bad. 

I recommend take-out.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. My boyfriend and I eat here quite often and have our traditional christmas eve dinner here.

However, I have noticed over the past year that their quality is going done. I don't know if they are buying cheaper ingredients or if the kitchen staff has changed. it's definitely become a hit-or-miss restaurant with some nights being a lot better than others.

What ever you used to Malee..do it again1!!笑
I love Thai.  This is one of the best in Phoenix.  

Went there for lunch one day and sat in the little paito area, it's small, but hidden and I kinda liked it.  

Another time we went there for dinner and my (jackass) boyfriend who loves spicy food ordered it as spicy as it comes and couldn't eat it at all.  So be-careful what you ask for.笑
I've been going to Malee's for nearly half my life. I found this place by accident looking for thai food in Scottsdale that reminded me of the Thai food I grew up with in California. Needless to say the food is amazing. The food is both classical and contemporary thai cuisine thanks to the owner and her head chef who's from Thailand.

My favorite dish is the pad thai. While a street merchant food by nature, Malee's is the perfect blend of spicy and sour to make a noodle dish worth talking about. I've been to many other places looking for something close to home that compares. But the only place closed last year. So the drive to Scottsdale is well worth it.

Thai food has definitely increased in popularity over the last few years but there's only one that I will always go to. My favorite and always will be. The cooking classes are fun too. What's not to love.笑
The service is great. Ambiance is intimate and tasteful.  The food is excellent, and I appreciate how many vegetarian/vegan options they have, even being an omnivore (sometimes I just like it light, okay?).  I like that they have small and large sizes, and the lunch menu is very affordable with good portions.  You can just tell they really care about their food, and that to me, above anything else, is so important.  When I come here, I feel like what I ordered was made just for me, with care, and with pride.

The other great thing about this place is their flexibility on spiciness. Word of caution: I LOVE spicy food, so one time, like a badass, I ordered something "Thai hot," or "5/5", or whatever it's called. Emphasize: once.  Thank god I got it to go, because I cried like a little b**** three bites in.  To be fair, the person on the phone was like, "Are you sure?"  Hey, fair warning's fair warning.  I ate every bite because I ordered it, and that's how I was raised, cuz there wasn't nothin' in it I didn't ask for. I was just grateful to shed my tears in the privacy of my home.

To the point- Delicious, great place for a date night, but also awesome for a nice lunch or some quick, quality take-out.  Just maybe try the 3 or 4/5 level of spiciness before you go all-in.  The one thing I will say: Malee's Thai Bistro is 5/5, hands down.笑
Thai skeptics and Thai lovers unite! Malee's hits the mark with classic Thai flavors punched up in artful, unique dishes. It is consistently one of my favorite restaurants in the Old Town area, and is reasonably priced for the quality to boot! 

I love spice, and the Thai Fai Fire Wraps (crispy chicken lettuce wraps spiced to your request) are as satisfying as they are fun to eat. As another appetizer, you can't go wrong with a pot of Tom Yum, the perfect blend of tangy and hot soup with generous helpings of mushroom and chicken.

For an entree, I almost always order the Arizona Heatwave which is a vegetarian red curry delight with veggies cooked to perfection in a savory, creamy sauce. The Pad Thai noodles are another favorite -- and I appreciate that the crushed peanut sauce comes on the side, so you can add as much as you want.

Whatever you do, GET THE FRIED RICE!!! (more specifically, Deirdre's Favorite Jalapeno Fried Rice). Quite possibly one of the most simple, yet delicious things I have ever tasted. The dish includes flavorful fried rice mixed with crisp jalapenos and Chinese sausage which is to-die-for.

No bad words about Malee's. I go home happy every time.笑
12-26-10

By the time I knew it , Christmas day was over and I was craving  Thai food.  My husband knew I can't last more than three days without it.  So we started searching for a Thai restaurant and Malee's Thai came up.  It was close to our hotel as I discovered, the owner is an American woman.  I was so excited to find out how she did it.

Upon entering the restaurant, it took awhile for the hosts to come out and seat us.  The restaurant has nice simple decor, casual elegant more than most Thai restaurant.

About the food:  We order dumplings, soft shell crab, and crab Rangoon. 
I thought the dipping sauce was very good.  My husband thought it was so-so.  I order crispy chicken with garlic and basil , with steamed rice.  The sauce in chicken was very unique.  I liked it.  

I would put her restaurant into Asian Fusion category.  Much, much better  than PF Chang!!

Overall Malee's Thai was a pleasant dining experience.  We will come back if we are in the area and try some other dishes.笑
Tropical Pineapple was so deliciouso with assorted seafood. We also ordered Evil Jungle Princess was a nice twist on curry.  Great Happy Hour from 4-6pm was perfect with a menu of tasteful dishes. Thank you Malee's for your yummy food & being our favorite Thai Restaurant in Scottsdale.笑
This place was fantastic. First Thai restaurant in the Phx valley that was legit on spicyness.  Service great food was really tasty. I had drunken noodles quite possibly the best I've ever had.笑
Stopped here for dinner and was disappointed that it wasn't authentic Thai food. Don't order the Pad Thai. The Papaya Salad is a winner.笑
Malees is the best Thai food I've ever had!!! I eat here often and i can't complain about any of the food!! I especially love the Tom Yum soup and crab rangoons.. Ooohh I can't forget the Thai tea!!! The staff and service are 5 star as well!!  If you have the chance stop by you will love it!!笑
We had dinner at Malee's tonight for our girls dinner. We took advantage of the happy hour an dinner menu. We were all greated at the door friendly and smiling workers. We had a party of 5 an all showed up at different time, our waitress Oi was there everytime another person walked in to take the drink order. The food was fabulous as well as the service, I would give 10 stars if I could. The dragon princess was my fav!笑
I ate here for the hundredth time and this time had the glass noodles. It has vegetables and I added fried Tofu. De-lish!笑
Malee's is one of our favorite places around. The food and service both deserve more than 5 stars every time we go. 

We have tried a few other places around and nothing compares to here. Its always fresh and always delicious. We started off with one of their specials - it was a crab and shrimp cake wrapped in rice paper or something to make it crunchy and flash fried. It was served like a lettuce wrap with some picked daikon and carrot with some cucumber as well. It had a nice spicy sweet sauce as a topper and we both loved this dish and I would have gotten this as my actual meal had I known how big it would be.

I had the basil chicken served with white rice and boyfriend had the drunken dragon noodles. My chicken was nice and tender with a flash fried outside - not like deep fried or gross- I actually felt good eating this. Boyfriends noodles were nice and spicy and the basil was delicious in his dish.

We were too full for desert but had a great date night with great food and some wine and beer.笑
The first restaurant we went to when we moved to Arizona. It was moving day, we were starving and for some reason I had a huge hankering for some sodium filled Chinese food. Instead enter Malee's Thai. This place is amazing. I love the ambiance and the food can't be beat. I always order the evil jungle princess. The mushrooms are my favorite part of this dish and having left overs with some white rice the next day is something I actually look forward to after eating here. 

Please, go here, I promise you will not regret the choice!笑
Nice atmosphere.  Excellent Thai curry and interesting other entrees. My wife got the small portion which she brought home leftovers while I got the larger portion and didn't have any leftover笑
Delish! 

I can't even begin to tell you the number of different dishes I've ordered here, but each one always satisfies. There's always plenty to take home for second servings. 

The service is average - definitely nothing to complain about, but certainly nothing to wow you. But, that's ok. The food is served in a timely manner, as are your initial drinks. Try the Thai Tea. It's a treat.笑
Gave this place a try due to great reviews outnumbering the bad ones, WHAT A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !!!  Spent close to $60 plus a generous tip to the hostess for handing us our take-out order.  Our food was either extremely salty or extremely sweet, there's not a happy medium.  The Pandan with black sticky rice, rice was way undercooked not even edible.  On top of bad quality food, our order was incomplete with missing items upon arriving home.  Called the restaurant n the manager by the name of Karen came on the phone, speaking in a very sarcastic n condescending tone rather than apologizing for the incomplete order as if it was a crime to report our incomplete take-out order.  

Will never go back to this place, one try is one time too many.笑
Unbelievable;
have been waiting to find the right Thai, finally did. The Tom Ka Gai soup was over the top, the owner and staff were mingling and wonderful and great ambassadors of Downtown Scottsdale - - best Thai in the valley笑
This is the first Thai restaurant we have tried in AZ, it is in Old Town Scottsdale. We are hooked, the food is delicious and portions are huge, we took home 3/4 of our meals. The service is wonderful and beautiful decor. We will be back.笑
Returned back in July with the wife this time to see if she enjoyed what I thought was a very good Pad Thai.  She agreed.  We have found our Thai place if we feel up to a little trip (Scottsdale is a little bit of a jaunt from home).  

The service was much better this time.  Granted...it was late afternoon also...just a few tables...but it was all good.笑
Arizona heatwave is one of the best red curry dishes I've ever had! I have tried numerous options from the menu and never been disappointed. Be wary when you order - the staff is likely much more tolerant to spice. So whatever they suggest I recommend ordering one spice level down. I always get medium and it's perfect笑
Had the nicesttttt bar tender while we waited for our take out! He seemed genuinely happy to be at work which is hard to find these days. The food was a bit pricey for take out ($40-ish) for the two of us but was worth it for the great experience we had while we were waiting. We will be back! :)笑
just a tad pricey i thought for Thai food, but the portions were more than enough to share with many....loved the soup, wish i remembered the name!笑
I've been here twice now and both times I got the beef short ribs musssamon curry. The first time I had it was a life-changing experience. Sweet, savory, and coconutty with perfectly cooked short ribs, I had fallen in love. 

As for the second time, it was not as transcendent. For some reason it just didn't hit the same flavor profile as last time. Plus I felt amazingly tired and sluggish for the next 6 hours so there's that. For now I'll give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt but I hope this time was just an outlier.笑
I'd have to say that Malee's On Main is my #1 all-time favorite for restaurants in the entire state of Arizona. 

Why? The ambiance. The consistently (over 10+ years) superb service. The to-die-for food. And of course the memories, since I've celebrated a few of my life's key events here (namely both my college and law school graduations). 

Oddly enough the decor is closer to that of an up-scale gourmet American place than what's actually on the menu: Thai food. But the combination works. The tom kha gai soup is the best I've had anywhere in the US. The beer and wine selections are excellent. 

Simply put this is a restaurant where it's obvious that the owner works very hard to make sure your entire experience as a customer will be first-class. 

There is a second Malee's in north Scottsdale that I've never been to.笑
A restaurant opened for more than 20 years (as far as I know) must be good! Recommend their warm noodle salad and minced pork lettuce wrap.笑
I ordered food to go........  ordered  Basil Curry Clam that was actually really good.  I asked the person who took my order what is the most popular dish that is good.  She recommended Crispy Basil Chicken.  Did not enjoy that all.  Took one bite then tossed it.  Also order the chicken satay.  The chicken was not my favorite.  but the peanut sauce was good.笑
Whaaat?! This place is amazing! Fantastic Happy Hour menu, impeccable service and the food is really, really yummy. Kevin is the best waiter on the planet and totally made my day! He's a total professional and I even overheard patrons at other tables singing his praises.

I came in with a hankering for fried food and ended up with Crab Rangoon (redonkulous) and Spring Rolls (so fresh and crisp I forgot I came for fried food).

I'm so glad I strolled over. The area is SO cute and the atmosphere is welcoming. I will wander in again fo sho.笑
I've been to the one at Desert Ridge many times, but sadly, it has closed so I went to this location instead. The menu is pretty extensive but the food itself was subpar. The noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard. I ordered a saketini which I've had many places and this was the worst! It was all vodka, and no sake. Waste of money. 

They also had a young girl playing the piano there...which was....out of place. It made it so the restaurant was so loud that I couldn't even speak to the person next to me. 

Definitely won't be going back here soon.笑
A friend and I met up here the other day, the staff was very nice and professional, making sure our water glasses are full while not interfereing with our lunch.  The waiter was very helpful in making a selection which I settled on the Thai Pasta, I decided to go vegetarian on this meal and it was very good.  The sauce combined with the vegtables and noodles made an excellent combination and while I thought the portion was large, I ate it all!  I am thinking of a return trip to try other great dishes.笑
Another great experience at Malee's!  They really do Thai food well.  And the soup (forgot its name) is AWESOME.  A very unique flavor.  I would want to eat it everyday if I lived in the area.笑
The Beef Short Ribs Mussamon Curry. Get it. No really, like right now. It is fall-apart meaty goodness that will have you thinking, "Are these the best short ribs I've ever eaten? Yes, yes these are". Spoon these suckers and the curry sauce over some tender brown rice and get propelled into meaty bliss. We also got the pad Thai with chicken and it was super flavorful and just the right heat. As usual, I forgot to ask for extra sauce--- cause we all know that pad Thai noodles are real lushes and always drink up all the sauce before you can enjoy it. 

I'm not in Scottsdale often, but I'd return to try more.笑
I should have listened to the other reviewers.  Wrong place if you're looking for traditional Thai. Odd use of tomato based sauces in the Pad Thai & Pad See Ew...笑
Thai??? Really?? I love Thai food and couldn't be happier to try a new restaurant. Wow! It was a slap in the face on so many levels. The 2 hostesses were the rudest I have had the displeasure of having to interact with. We ordered take out and as we waited for out food from the kitchen the hostesses made us uncomfortable... As if we were imposing on there entry.
The food was not spectacular. We ordered pad Thai , was very dry but not horrible. The sweet or sour beef was watery and seemed more like fajita with way too many peppers. No  sticky rice, green papaya salad, Larb...笑
Three times is my limit for this over hyped, over priced, non unique, and non delicious place. I don't know why so many people recommend it. Its genuinely non special and non memorable. And they charge you extra for tofu even though its replacing meat in the dish. And I got three tiny slivers of tofu in my curry last night. Boring and overpriced.笑
Overpriced. Not authentic. Bad. 

The basil chicken consisted of white rice, cold chicken and a sauce that I'm pretty sure was nothing more than ketchup.

The pad thai was a pile of dry, sticky noodles with no flavor whatsoever. 

The spring rolls were absolutely delicious. Some of the best I've had. 

The entire meal cost $48. You'd pay only $28 at any other thai restaurant. If I had paid $18 it would've been too much. 

I live right next door and won't be returning any time soon. Try the place in Thomas just west of Scottsdale Rd. Much better.

I'll give bonus points to the staff. They were all great. Everyone was so genuinely happy and nice. Always great to see at a restaurant.笑
What a wonderful night. It didn't start out that way. I found this restaurant on yelp, not realizing that it was sixteen miles from the hotel my wife and i were staying at. I heard the grief all the way there. "Come on honey, it's an adventure!". 

We arrived, and were greeted warmly and shown right to our table. Zach, our waiter, was right there to offer us drinks and appetizers. We had the Summer Rolls and they were delicious! 

I explained to  Zach that I was allergic to wheat and he brought us a special "gluten free" menu the owner had created for those of us who are allergic to wheat. Zach even brought us some special wheat-free dipping sauce for the Summer rolls. He showed great care, provided great customer service,  and the sauce  was delicious!

The portions were good sized and the presentation was beautiful. But the wonderful tastes and personal service made the night special. Oh, the bathrooms were clean too. Thanks Zach, and thanks Malee's. It was a great night my wife and I look forward to repeating. (Yes, she admitted after dinner that the drive was worth it.)笑
This place is terrible.  Both times I have eaten here the food was terrible and the service was slow.  The Pad Thai I had was a disgusting clump of goo.  The waiter never checked on us to see how things were, only to give us our check.  I ate here about one month ago thinking that maybe it was just what I had ordered, so I thought I would give it a second chance.  Don't waste your money.  I don't eat fast food, but I would choose that over this restaurant.笑
Really impressed with their food! Tom kra gai thai hot is a must! Also had eggplant with chicken and tofu, also delicious. The only thing I didn't like were the prices? Seems pretty high compared to every other thai place. 15 dollars for a pot of soup?? And another 15 dollars for a normal sized entree? Not feelin that笑
I know everyone seems to love this restaurant...but I found it to be very average.  I have eaten there with friends a few times and am never super-excited about the food....eh....it's ok......

Oh, yeah ...and this was kinda weird...one time I did have a clothes pin in my salad....笑
I've been coming here for years, and I've always had great service and delicious food.  It's always a fun, chic and cozy environment.  Deidre, the owner, has always gone out of her way to  make sure we had a wonderful experience. I'm not a Thai snob, nor know a great deal about "authentic" Thai food, but everything I've ever eaten here was absolutely mouthwatering and unique.  I now live in New Orleans, but have friends back in Scottsdale who still bring out of town guests to Malee's, and the favorable reports keep coming!   

My all time **favorite** treat at Malee's are the "Thai Sticks!"  Succulent, huge, jumbo shrimp wrapped and fried in noodles.  Apparently, they have taken them off of the menu years ago,  but brought them back, "limited edition" style.  Catch them early in the day!  Apparently they are a bit complicated to make and must be prepared the night before.  Ask for them to keep them popular!笑
Malee's is ALWAYS a great place for a fantastic meal - and yesterday we attended one of their cooking classes and WOW - every expectation was exceeded.  Deirdre and Kris teach this very hands on experience and share their enthusiastic passion for Thai food.  The class is an intimate group of 10-12 (ours only had 8 as I think there were a few no shows).  The classes do book up so reserve early.  The class costs $70 per person and is worth every penny!  
 You start off with a welcome mimosa to start your cooking juices and then with supervised help we prepared Drunken Dragon Wrap, Tom Ka (soup), Mango Fish(my favorite), Jalapeno Fried Rice (my NEW favorite-and must have).  They take care of all the prep work and really help you learn the layering aspect of Thai cooking.  You get to sample all your dishes and take them home with you - but don't sample too much because after class you are treated to a full wine paired lunch of all the dishes on your class menu.  You will not leave hungry and you have a full to go meal of your own dishes and also a goodie bag of some Thai spices and ingredients.  Another shout out to Deirdre and Kris, all three of us came in as fond of Malee's but left as raving fans.  This is really a must do and a great gift idea.  Thank you for a wonderful afternoon!笑
This was one of my first restaurants i went to in phoenix and it was a treat!! The crispy vietnamese rolls with the mint and lettuce and sauce...yum yum yum...and the pla is amazing...its crispy fish with this sweet sauce...of course the pad thai is fabulous and the tom kai gai soup (spelling ????)  Is a great starter for the table...also the evil jungle princess and all curry dishes are phenomenal...its nice b/c its on main street in old town scottsdale and you czn take a nice walk around before and after dinner or lunch...try the mango and sticky rice when it is in season...my sister thinks this is the best part of the meal...hehe...its a nice date place and more upscale...the staff is very nice and just a nice environment...笑
I would rather go to thai elephant or thai basil. They offer cheap and good thai cusine than this place.笑
**Vegetarian Friendly**

Absolutely delicious thai food. Just about everything on the menu could be substituted with tofu or made without eggs. 

Appetizers: Vegetable spring rolls and tofu spinach potstickers. 
Spring rolls were heavenly. I didn't enjoy the potstickers as much; they were too bland for my taste.

Main Course: Jalapeno fried rice (substituted sausage for fried tofu), pad thai with fried tofu, and bombay curry with fried tofu.
I'm not a fried rice person but I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed it. Pad thai was just as delicious, and the Bombay curry had a very unique flavor. It was almost like a panang curry but better. I ordered everything at medium spicy, and it was perfect for me. I have a low-medium spice tolerance. They bring you a thai hot sauce if you need the extra kick!

I really liked that they had small and large portions. I ordered everything large portioned, and it was more than enough food for 4 people to share. Pretty sure I have leftovers for the next three days. 

Overall, can't wait to return! 

PS: They take reservations! Really appreciated this for a saturday night.笑
Very good Thai, upscale and nice portions. The heat wasn't as strong as I thought. But dishes were very well prepared. Chicken Satay was the largest portion I have seen. Pad Thai was good and Pad See ew was good wish the beef was just a little higher quality. Very friendly attentive staff and great location in Downtown Scottsdale. I am going to give them 4 dishes of peanut sauce...笑
If you life Thai Food, you definitely love this place. Awesome Thai Food, Great atmosphere, and Good service笑
If your looking for pricey upscale Thai, and not so much authentic, this is the place for you. Unfortunately I had the seafood curry that woke me up about 5 hours later with a bad stomach ache.笑
I visit Arizona about once a month and this a place that I never miss.  The food is always spectacular, the service is always prompt and the prices are wonderful.  I've brought a number of people with me to Malee's and I have yet to hear anyone give negative feedback.笑
Ok, so I've been here a bunch but my friend had not so I had my favorite, which is the Deirdres' fried rice with jalepenos and chinese sausage. Delicious. Its a house special and a must try. We did the soft tofu and spinach dumplings. Flavorful, garlicky and very tasty. The salad with the peanut dressing is also on point. Michael had the duck and although he's never tried duck before, it wasn't his favorite thing. It wasn't that it was bad, it just wasn't something he liked but was nonetheless pleased to try something new. Creme brulee for dessert was tiny but tasty. Chana was our server and he and the busser took excellent care of us. I'll definitely go back, as far as Michael....I just don't know.笑
A couple words can easily describe my review on Malee's: oily food, cold & incorrect orders and a cockroach. 

I first found Malee's Thai Bistro through Groupon.com when they ran their $20 for $40 coupon. My fiance and I are frequent Thai eaters so I thought I would be a good opportunity to get some great food at a discount. Boy was I wrong. 

First thing you should know is that Malee's is not traditional Thai food. It's Thai with a twist and, in this case, not a good twist. We started with the Spring Rolls. Usually Thai spring rolls are tightly wrapped and not overly fried. These were neither. The rolls were messy and the cooking oil was dripping out of them. 

My fiance and I ordered the Thai Basil Pasta no spice and Coco Chile Fish medium spice for the main course. The Thai Basil Pasta came out lukewarm and spicy. The Coco Chile Fish was oily and not spicy. Although both dishes were somewhat tasty, they simply didn't hit the mark. 

To top it all off, we noticed a cockroach scurrying across the floor as we ate our dinner. Needless to say, we decided to pass on dessert and head home. 

Do yourself a favor and try other local Thai restaurants. Thai Basil and Lemon Grass Cafe in Tempe blow Malee's out of the water.笑
I'd give it 10 Stars if that were possible! Fantastic Ambiance, Food, Service... Total Over All Experience 2 Thumbs Up! I've had several dishes here but I do love The Hippie Noodles. It's been awhile since I've taken the cooking class but that was a blast! If you haven't experienced it... I highly recommend it as well.笑
Very attentive service.  Food was pretty good (though not to SF standards).  Very reasonably priced.  And busy for a Monday!笑
I've been to the Malee's at Desert Ridge before and figured this location in Old Town would have a similar feel.   It's been a couple of years since I've last been to Malee's but I'm certain that it was a romantic, dimly lit, comfortable quiet restaurant.  Something of a treat.  

Unfortunately, this location didn't resemble Desert Ridge in the slightest. The dining room area to our left was fairly small, and noisy and well lit.  The atmosphere: rather casual.  My friends and I definitely felt out of place, and way overdressed for a Saturday night.   The tables felt crowded with plates and silverware already pre-served, which was kind of annoying because when our dishes came out, we were asked if we wanted to eat from the plate it came on, or if wanted to transfer our food onto the plates provided on the table.   Doesn't make sense.  We stuck with the plates the food was served on.  

On to the menu:  Another thing I seem to remember at the Desert Ridge Location, they offered Sushi.  There was no menu for Sushi at this location.  Was it that they just didn't provide a sushi menu unless asked for?  Or do they just don't serve it all?  I suppose, if they don't advertise it, it's probably best to just avoid the question all together.   Just a guess. 

I ordered the grilled chicken over spinach dish, mild.  Now this may or may not be worth noting, but I don't think my watch lapsed a full 5 minutes before we were served with our food.  This is wonderful, when you're at a fast food joint like Mc D's, but at a Thai restaurant?  I'm not so sure how I feel about that.  

By the way, Mild stands for : no kick to it at all.  Don't be scared to go with the medium.  Take it from someone who is a baby when it comes to hot spicey foods!

On to the great part: 3 dishes, 2 glasses of wine, 1 vodka Stoli: $62.00.  Nice.  

I wish I liked this place better, I really do.  Unfortunately, it's just no the Malee's I know and loved at Desert Ridge.  Normally, I hate the whole Scottsdale atmosphere, but in this case, it is what I expected walking in and I was sorely disappointed.笑
Came here for dinner with a large group of friends.  Staff was very nice and accommodating (and willing to give separate checks, which was a nice bonus for those of us who travel for work and need receipts for tax time).  Had the calamari salad, which was HUGE (big salad topped with a pile of fried calamari) and tasty.笑
That SOUP! (Tom ka gai) everyone raved about it on here so of course I felt obligated to try it and wow - MIND. BLOWN. Everything was fabulous except I wasn't a fan of my Crispy Basil Chicken. However the yellow curry we tried as well and that was spot on.  

Great service and nice atmosphere!笑
A friend and I visited Malee's on Main a few weeks ago on a whim after ending up in Scottsdale. I greatly enjoy Thai and absolutely expect good atomosphere in a place as well and I got that at Malee's. 

The atmosphere was better than expected. I loved the lighting (or slight lack thereof) and the different booths and tables available. My only complaint was that there happened to be a girl playing piano while we were there, but not knowing this when we arrived, we were seated in an area where we couldn't hear her at all.

The staff was very attentive and I was constantly having my water refilled without even gesturing that I needed it. This was perfect because the heat and spice of the food was exactly what I wanted :)

The unique names of the menu items were fantastic also and I kinda giggled a little bit (and still do). I had an appetizer of Siamese Kisses and a main course titled Evil Jungle Princess. 

I'd definitely go back here again. It was a great experience.笑
Great food.  Love the spring rolls, crispy basil chicken, and Arizona heat wave.

The general spiciness of the food is inconsistent; it seems to vary depending on who's in the kitchen.  Sometimes "Thai Hot" is mild, other times it sets my mouth on fire for the same dish.  

The happy hour menu is a deal at three small plates for $20 (limited menu) and $5 appetizers.

Ambiance varies depending on where you are seated and the time of day.  It can get quite busy and loud during the dinner rush.  The frequent diners club is a deal, everyone should join.  You get a free entree on your birthday, and coupons for anniversaries and other events.

This is my go-to place when I don't want to make dinner.笑
I was lunching with my boss, so against my initial desire to order something expensive, I ordered a moderate-cost item... the special of the day, which happened to be Squid and Shrimp in a Pepper Sauce. "Just like mom used make," read the chalk-written board.

Oh. My. God. This turned out to be one of the best meals of my life.

Pepper sauce in my mind was a black pepper sauce. No. This was something entirely different: sprigs of fresh (white?) peppers on the vine, mixed in with a red-chili sauce. Squids and shrimps swam happily in this red pool of nirvana, which was not a pool at all but a firm, gorgeous, complex sauce combined with oodles of perfectly wok'd fresh spinach. Honestly, this dish knocked me out of the water. So succulent and unexpected.

Waitress was new and not entirely familiar with the menu but helpful and friendly. When I stated I wanted it "really, really hot" she asked me to confirm but did not put up a fight about it. Indeed, the dish arrived as I ordered it: really, really, really spicy. My mouth was on beaucoup  fire and it was orgasmic... every bite of it. Waitress also explained that there are two levels of absolute hot: "Thai Hot" (which is what I got) and "Chef Hot" (which is the highest hot of the land). Great information.

We were seated at the back booth next to the window which turned out to be not such a hot spot, because we were in such close proximity to the obnoxious guy at the table next to us who chose to ignore his date in favor of his cell phone. My message to women on first dates sitting with guys yacking on cell phones: "You can do better than that!" Next time I will ask to be seated in the outside atrium area for this reason.

Awesome, awesome. Five stars!  Thank you, Malee's, for a superior dining experience.笑
I have figured out now after a few visits to Malee's that I am a level 4 heat guy! Malee's can customize heat to any dish on a scale of 1 to 5. Based on my experience it took a few times to find the right heat for me. First visit Level 2 (Jalapeno Fried Rice) yum, come on, give me a little burn on the tongue. Second visit Level 5 (Jalapeno Fried Rice) holy shit, fill the bathtub with ice, sweat dripping down the face as well as going in and out of consciousness lvl 5 is beyond a kick to the face. Third visit, a little scared, went down to Level 3, (Jalapeno Rice, Chicken Curry) yum, a little burn, but not enough for this Irish lad. The great thing about this place is that you will find the food loaded with flavor and going there multiple times to find your heat level is a great excuse to get back here. The Chicken Curry sauce is beyond delicious. One of those sauces that you could eat as a soup! Jalapeno Rice (House Specialty) is my go to as you can see. Loaded with spicy sausage, Thai basil, egg and peppers,  this fried rice is by far the best I have ever had. A great meal in itself. Little FYI get the Fried Tofu app. Amazing with the special peanut sauce.笑
Been here a few times. For happy hour, the 3 small plates deal is always a good choice.  I especially like the crispy basil chicken and jalapeño fried rice.笑
Don't be afraid...  This is not hardcore Tai food... It is delicious! My absolute favorite Asian restaurant in Scottsdale.

It can be warm if you request, but don't be a wimp and pass this joint up. This is a wonderful, local, cute dining spot --  with a nice little bar and amazing atmosphere. I like the Old Town location better than the Desert Ridge one. Some portions are really huge, so I suggest splitting a meal.笑
Always good.   I have been there many times and like to take out of town guests there.  My favorite is the crispy pla.  It's a fish dish.  The larger portion is 2 fillets about 12 inches long.  Be hungry, share, or be prepared to take some home.笑
So far my favorite Thai place in Old Town. The food is fantastic and the chef is always true with his spice levels which makes me happy! My husband and I were married in Thailand so it definitely reminds us of our time there! Favorite dishes: Crispy Mango Fish, Hippie Noodles, Sweet Tamarind Pork. The only downside is that it's so popular it's always full!笑
I visited on Thursday evening. The decor was definitely lacking, with all doors to the kitchen and the rest room open. I ordered a cup of Tom Yum and Cashew Chicken. The wait for the soup was 27 min. It was OK but not great. It took another 15 min to get the main course. It was as spicy as I ordered it, but somehow tasteless. Overall, a disappointment.笑
Had dinner here the other night and our leftovers got messed up... my vegetarian friend ended up with my chicken leftovers and I ended up with her spicy dish.... my friend called and the manager Amy totally took care of us and let us go back and get our dishes again! The food was so good and I really appreciate the customer service! Thanks Amy!!!笑
First time having dinner here and it was delicious! Our waitress was very engaging and made some wonderful recommendations! I tried the Burma Gai and would highly recommend it!笑
Pad Thai seemed like it was missing something. I've had way better Thai food from small much cheaper places. I think the environment is great here and the location is fantastic but something was very off with the food, it tasted smoky and nothing like it should. I was very hungry at the time and that's probably the only reason I ate more than two bites.笑
waste of money ask thai food got a chefs idea ... i guess i jus like mom and pops type of a place.... maybe i try it again but was really a high end place ... i order a soup and veggie rice and chicken basil .. the best thing was the rice liked the veggies . the other food was bad and i paid 50 for all of it ... should of went to subway笑
Can't say enough about how awesome the food was. If your in the area and enjoy Thai this is the place to go.  Our server Kevin was extremely knowledgeable and recommended that for a first timer to get something from the favorites.  The manager/owner was very pleasant and acknowledged every person as to how their service and food was.  Will definitely be back next time I'm in town. A+笑
My wife and I are big time Malee's fans. The Panang Chicken is by far my favorite, and I've never been able to find another Thai place that can match it. 

Malee's is always very clean, the wait staff is very courteous and the service is outstanding. I also find the prices very reasonable, considering the generous amount of food you get. Thats another great thing about Malee's, we can never finish our meals so there are always a good amount of leftovers for later!

This is not your typical hole-in-the-wall, mom & pop asian place or mongo Chinese buffet, this is a welcoming, quiet, clean little bistro in the heart of old town Scottsdale's art district. If you want a great night out, take a date to the Scottsdale Art Walk on Thursday nights, and top it off with a meal at Malee's笑
Best Thai food in the greater Phoenix area without a doubt! Never a disappointment when I go, doesn't matter what time of day or when during the week. Even on busy nights it's a great atmosphere and you can hear the people you're with. Try the crispy basil chicken and the tom ka gai soup.笑
Granted, this place has nearly 500 reviews but I still feel like Malee's is kind of a tucked away spot in Old Town that nobody really talks about. Tons of places have come and gone in this area, but Malee's has been around awhile.

I've been here more than a few times, but it's only been for lunch. I'm not sure how the lunch menu differs from the dinner (I'm guessing slightly different portions & prices...and maybe a few different options?), but you get quite a bit of food for a reasonable price during lunch, and most meals come w/the a side salad or soup. I've always just got a salad. It's pretty basic, but it comes w/a peanut dressing that's pretty tasty.

I'm pretty sure I've had some of the noodle dishes in the past (for sure the pad thai), but lately  I've been getting curry. The panang is really good, but my favorite is the Arizona Heatwave. It's a red curry, with a bit of a kick and it's delicious! 

It's never been all that crowded when I've came for lunch, but the service has always been attentive & friendly. One of these days I need to come here for dinner.笑
The best spicy yelkow curry chicken with brown rice ive ever had! My feiend also agreed amd couldnt keep his spoon away from my plate. Ordered carryout and next time will head in笑
First time here but i will never come back again, food was ok but a bit too salty, the most important thing is the service. The lady at the front door was so sweet but our server was like meh :/ I had a part time job as a server too, so I was totally feeling disappointed of his service. He never came here to ask us how was the food tasting and when he was placing our order, he seems like impatient.  He seemed like be nicer to other customers, but not us, was it a discrimination? :)笑
Great Thai spot in Old Town.  Reasonably priced with large portions.  Will be back the next time I'm in AZ.笑
Does that even count for Thai hot?  I was amazed and how NOT good the food was.  I've had Thai food in probably 20 cities and this place will not get a return visit from us.  I would say their hot was about a two out of five stars.  Amazing, as the place was super busy.  Maybe the older crowd like non spicy food in downtown?笑
When you're from Boston, and you arrive in a place in February where you can eat outside at night wearing a light jacket, everything tastes good.  

However, this place was especially good.     

I called at least 5 times to change the time of our reservation, every time I called she was more than happy to change it for me, and never once did I hear even the slightest annoyance in her voice.  That is some serious customer service.  I was getting annoyed with myself for having to call so many times!

Definitely sit outside, the street in Scottsdale is all lit up at night and it's a really nice atmosphere.   

I wish we were not just passing through Scottsdale, else we'd definitely be frequent patrons at this place!笑
This is the only place I have had decent Thai food in the Phoenix-metro.  But if you get a hankering for Thai, I can't think of a better place to go.

UPDATE:  Sometimes I forget how good certain places are.  The above review is a rather passionless review.  It had been a while since I had been to Malee's when I wrote it, so I wasn't inspired.  I will update this review when inspiration strikes.笑
A lot of people seem to be arguing about authenticity as a gold standard for a good restaurant.  I care a lot more about whether or not the food is interesting enough to justify it's price tag.  At Malee's, I don't think the food is worth it.

The food isn't incredible or terrible.  Based on my experience, I'd stay away from sea food - the sea food special I would've paid $20 for (thanks, Groupon!) came out with mushy scallops and shriveled shrimp.  The sauce was tasty, though - spicy without being spicy for spicy's sake.

My date's noodle dish was pretty good.  For vegetarians, they use smoked tofu, which is a nice change up if you haven't tried it.  Still, was it worth 4 or 5 bucks more what you could pay for a similar dish at any number of Thai places that aren't in Old Town Scottsdale?

In Malee's favor, the environment is really nice.  They offer a full bar, not just beer and wine, which is a rarity for Thai places in the Valley.  They have live music some nights, which is also a great touch.

Can't really recommend this place, but can't really advocate steering people away, either.笑
I can't think of a better Thai rest. In PHX. Consistently good food and service.  They have Thai staples like rice paper rolls, Tom Ka Gai and Pad Thai as well as more creative items such as Crispy Mango Fish. Average Thai food pricing, free parking.  There are a good number of tables, so don't let a short line dissuade you.  Like any rest., scope your table before you sit to be sure it suits your mood.  Boisterous din in the main room when busy.笑
Our family was very happy when we found this hidden gem.  The food was delicious and the service was wonderful.  If you enjoy Thai food be sure to check this place out.笑
Just ordered from malee's for pick up, brought it home, and it wasn't good. My wife got the Pad Thai and I got the drunkin Dragon noodles. The chicken and shrimp in my wifes dish was way overdone.you could tell just by looking at it, and it was pretty flavorless. 

Mine was also flavorless, but I gave it 2 stars because the heat was good in it. My dish also had little hard pieces in it. Not too sure what that was. 

If you want good Thai that isn't too far from this place, La's Thai cuisine off of Hayden. It is so much better.笑
Went out for dinner to Mallee's with freinds. October 2011 vacation. Four of us asked the waitress to bring us their most popular dishes. Started with a house soup that i could have eaten the whole bowl just myself for dinner. She then brought us another four dishes. Fantastic meal. Love thai food and this restaurant knows how to cook thai food. We will be back!笑
I decided to give this place a try at the behest of someone on the street who recommended it and I am glad I did.  The service is impeccable and the food authentic.  I might have given it a higher score had the interior had a little more ambiance and had my vegetable tempura been better.  That was the only item that did not taste good.  It is in Oldtown, but a little off the beaten path.  It is worth the walk, however.笑
This restaurant has been a fixture on Main street Scottsdale for as long as I can remember.  If you like kicked back casual dining, excellent food and good value this is the place.  The staff is always friendly and service has always been good even on busy nights.  Don't expect fancy... just a nice time.  Try the Pla,笑
Definitely coming back. Located in a part of Old Town Scottsdale that I don't frequent myself. Well now I have a reason to. Friendly customer service! I ordered the Crispy basil chicken which was a little too sweet for my tastes but still very good on a bed of crispy basil. The small was more than enough for me. Almost too much. I asked for medium and I really didn't get much spice. I'm kind of wimpy with spices but next time I will ask for "hot".

Oh what am I saying? Cause the next time I'm ordering the crispy teriyaki chicken. My Love had the Crispy Teriyaki chicken. It was waaaayyyyyyy better, IMO. So like I know most guys hate it when women do this but I ended up eating more of his than my own. Sorry, babe!!!! But it had pineapples and other goodies in there. The flavor was crazy good.

I brought the Spinach Pot appetizer home for my BFF. He loved it! He's vegan. He said the sauces were outta this world. Vegan potstickers with tofu and spinach in them and garlic on top....mmmmm, I'll try that next time.

One weird thing is that I only saw 1 bathroom stall for each gender. That couldn't be right, could it? What happens when that place is packed and people drink lots of alcohol and water while there?

Well and another thing was that rice and noodles were to be ordered as sides. While this is a good idea if you need a choice (for instance, I can't eat rice. My tummy won't digest it correctly). I'm just not used to those being extras. 

Anyway, you should totally eat here if you enjoy thai food.笑
Excellent food and service with generous portion sizes! Only thing not up to the mark was fresh summer roles that filled with lettuce and had no taste.. fried tofu was decent .. the entrees hit the nail we ordered drunken noodles, crispy mango fish and calamari all were very good.. nice neighborhood too ! Would recommend笑
This is my favorite Thai restaurant yet. It's not your usual hole in the wall either, it's actually a pretty nice place with good ambiance. I highly recommend the Crispy Basil Chicken. It is FABULOUS! Sweet, crispy, and spicy. Beware of the spice level:
Mild
Hot (The heat the average person likes I think)
Very Hot (Pretty spicy... my fav)
Thai Hot (Too hot for the majority of people)
Chef Hot (Only for people who can bare the hottest of the hot!)笑
One of my Scottsdale faves. Been coming here for 20 years. Consistently good. The Thai combo starter is excellent, and the the crispy basil chicken is great. Excellent service.笑
Beautiful, upscale restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale.

I ordered the Drunken Dragon Noodles.  I've had better drunken noodles at Tara Thai, formerly Pink Pepper Thai Cuisine on Bell Road and 7th Street.  Nonetheless, it was still good.

You can't beat the service and ambiance here.  

I'll have to come back and try something else off the menu.笑
Very classy Thai restaurant. You may want to make reservations, since it's a fairly small place and can get busy. Nice intimate atmosphere. The crispy Teriyaki chicken was the best teriyaki chicken I've ever had, seriously. My husband wasn't crazy about the duck dish he had last time...so that might be a risky thing to order here. Other than the duck, everything we tried was delicious.笑
My husband and I been going to Malee's for such a long time and really love it. Deirdre, the Owner is such a warm and wonderful person. We finally went to one of the cooking classes this afternoon which was bought for us a a gift from my daughter, Andrea. We really enjoyed it and it was well worth it. Learned so much about Thai cooking. We learned how to make Crispy Basil Chicken, Red Thai Curry Paste, Roasted Chili Reduction Sauce & Tom Ka Gai Soup. Everything was so delicious. Anybody wanting to try some Thai food need to go to Malee's. Their CoCo Chili Fish & Drunken Dragon Noodles are favorites of our's.  Thanks Deirdre, Chis & Meche for making our cooking lesson memorable. We definitely will have to do it again.


Erma笑
Friendly staff, creative dishes and solid service. My family of 7 is not easy to please but everyone was satisfied with our visit. This place may be a bit on
The pricier side for Thai but it is quite a treat. 

The must haves this far:
Tom Kai Gai - best I've had in the states!
Crispy Pla
Jalapeño fried rice 

Great:
Pad Thai
Crag Rangoon 
Fried calamari- killer pepper dipping sauce that I might just order alone next time

Skip it:
Ginger chicken- sounded interesting with capers but too much ginger and the capers overpowered the chicken and glass noodles in the dish
Lettuce wraps


My friends took the cooking classes and raved about them. If I only lived nearby, I would absolutely partake to find out how to make that soup. They are smaller, like 10-15 people so you really get time with the chefs.笑
Just what the doctor ordered: Tom Ka Gai and Drunken Dragon Noodles (both Thai hot). I ordered take-out since I've been home sick with a cold. My food was ready in 15 minutes flat. Both dishes were yummy, and my taste buds (as well as my sinuses) are thanking me. I've also tried the Crispy Basil Chicken and the Chicken Panang, which were good, but the Tom Ka Gai and Drunken Dragon Noodles will be my go-to order from now on.笑
Still searching for the perfect Pad Thai, this wasn't it, too red, weird flavor. On the plus side? They have amazing Thai toast with a wonderful homemade Sweet/Sour sauce full of cucumber & onion. The Tom karen gai is flavorful & fresh. I love they offer small & large portions, perfect for sharing.笑
Outrageously good thai food in Scottsdale with great service to match.  Our waiter went out of his way to make our large group feel welcome.  He even had a dish made that was not on the menu. 

Try the Jalapeno fried rice, pad thai,and special fried fish. The fish is fried with a tast coconut spicy chili sauce.  The chicken dish that is fried and then a dark garlicky sauce on top is sublime.  Coconut shrimp appetizer and tom yum soup was a hit with the group as well.

They have a thai beer in a large bottle that is pretty good.  

As for spice level we had mild to hot at our table based on the spice level that we asked for.  The waiter did not miss a beat and we were so glad we went to this place.笑
Very good meal. The Crispy Mango Fish was very tasty. I had the medium spicy plate, which was not spicy enough, so the waiter brought out 3 of their spicy sauces that did the trick.笑
Walked in Malee's and ordered takeout totaling $40 and waited about 15 minutes. When the server brought out my order, I asked to use my Groupon that I purchase a few months back. He said I can't use it for takeout and said he has the documents "to prove it" from Groupon.  Very defensive in front of customers in the restaurant! I drove 20 miles to get there and checked on the Groupon website and it said nothing about not for takeout. The server said the only way I can get the food is to pay full price. I said I want to use the Groupon and he could not care less. I also asked "is this what customer service is all about"? And "what is the difference between takeout and sitting in the restaurant"? He said with takeout you won't spend extra on your tab. After this heated discussion in the lobby, he said he did not care and he grabbed the bag of food and steamed to the back room. Now I'm out my original $20 I spent with Groupon, drove 40 miles, and had a very embarrassing experience in front of other patrons. I'm not so concerned about the money, but what terrible customer service for a potential new cutomer. I also used the "contact owner" e- mail on Malee's website to provide feedback about this. I never got a response for them. Guess this was no surprise if this is the way they want to treat their customers.笑
Awesome and can't wait to go back. Had spring rolls and soup as part of the food tour. Best Thai soup I have had! As I am a big fan of Bangkok Cafe in Tucson, and for me to say this is sacrilegious :) much better service than Bangkok though. The prices aren't bad either. They have local beer on tap too which is unheard of. You usually only get bottled beer at Thai restaurants. Will try to make it back to have a full meal for sure.笑
Orapin was our waitress. She was very excellent. The staff there to bus the tables was on top of things from the beginning. If my water even thought about going below half they were there to top me off. Our food was great, we enjoyed the drunkin dragon noodles. It was the level 3 hotness but didn't kick too bad. Overall we loved dinner and our overall experience.笑
My partner loves the place, but I'd never been. I will never go back. Salad was wilted iceberg, ok maybe that's the way it should be. Waiter didn't ask white or brown rice, he said "brown ok" as he brought the dishes. I ordered cashew nut with chinese sausage, both not great choices - you can't always pick a good one. Then the vent above me started dripping on me and my plate. Ok I'm done. Not recommended.笑
One of my favorite places, so far everything I've had has been great. My goal is try everything on the menu yummmmm :D笑
Excellent restaurant!  This is a thai fusion type restaurant, so don't go there looking for 'traditional' thai.  The food is always awesome and very fresh!  My favorites are the Thai Chow Mein, Green Curry dishes, Evil Jungle Princess and the Tom Ka Gai can't be beat....absolutely the best soup in town!  I typically stay away from the Pad Thai as it is a bit too sweet for my taste...not like traditional pad thai.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order, so they will gladly customize any dish as you need for taste or food allergy issues.  Very friendly and excellent service!笑
This is one of the best restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale. It's a good place to go with a group of 4 or more as there are so many good items to try on the menu.  For starters I usually go with Chicken Satay Appetizer and Calamari. The crab rangoon is also very good.  My favorite meals are the crispy basil chicken, the pad thai and the peanut curry with chicken.(it syas pork on the menu but just ask for the chicken) The spicy cashew beef is also delicious. They get pretty crowded on art walk night, but you can usually get in without much trouble.They also have great martini's. This is a must try if you are visiting Scottsdale.笑
Great location, casual setting, good food, what's not to love?  I got the Drunken Husband or something along those lines and I usually am not a fan of spicy food, but this was tolerable and DELICIOUS.  They definitely have a few dishes that you won't find in an ordinary thai place, so venture out a bit!笑
I was pretty stoked to try this out, everyone recommended them as authentic good Thai food.  The Laab Chicken I ordered was anything but authentic, and not tasty.  I may give them another chance, but it seems that they (maybe shrewdly) accommodate to the American tongue: and if you know your Thai food truly, you probably will not be psyched.  If you are looking for a first entry into Thai food, possibly an OK place.笑
Very pretty dining room.  I had the chicken and eggplant over "linguine" rice noodles in a green curry, was great. Wife loved the coconut shrimp. Definitely recommend笑
Yeah, unfortunately I have to give a low star.... And his is why! 

I work nearby and needed my daily fix of Thai, so I called up to place my order for myself and couple other friend in the office since I was heading down there. Well we ordered panang veggie curry, veggie pad Thai, & tofu drunken noodles. 

Upon arriving we where somewhat greeted by a young lady with a lot of attitude, gave us a receipt and asked for it to be split since we were all paying for our own, I got an eye roll. 

Mind you its 11:35, there are about 3-4 people dining in, so she wasn't busy per say. 

I get to our office so excited for our food, and the veggie pad thai had chicken and shrimp in it, the drunken noodles, was a disaster and the panang was ok. 

Overall I will not be back. I ended up not eating the food, and ordered from another that place 15 min away. I know now that I would much rather drive 15 min away to get good service and good food then walk 5 min down the road.笑
We really enjoyed this place! The service was good. The vibe was relaxed, busy, and fun. We had a reservation on a busy Sat. night, and were sat immediately. Great family dinner spot. The pad see ew was good (not quite as good as the hole in the wall Thai spot closer to my house), the fried rice was delicious and the crispy pork rolls with salad and garlic sauce were even better!笑
Just not that impressed tonight.  Other than the great service and fun atmosphere, we left a bit disappointed.  The Crispy Pla was a bit dry and lacked flavor, the Chicken Salad Rolls had a great Peanut Sauce, but the Chicken was too dry.  The Drunken Dragon Noodles was lacking flavor as well.笑
Without question the best Thai Restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale. 

Try the Tropical Pineapple, Short Rib Curry, Jalapeño Fried Rice and Tom Kha Gai soup. 

Enjoy!笑
This is by far the best chicken teriyaki I've ever eaten. It had a sweetness to it that was to die for. Friendly hostess and knowledgeable waiter made for a great dining experience.笑
This is by far the best Thai restaurant in the valley. We had Coco Chili fish and Cof course the classic - Pad Thai. The fish is a wonderful combination of sweet coconut with curry spice. Both dishes have sophisticated finish on taste. The ambience is relaxing outside even though it's on the street (night).笑
Simply put, the best Thai I have had in AZ so far. The drunken noodles (ordered HOT) were amazing. Decent drink prices, food was very reasonably priced considering I was able to eat 3 times on their large portion. My comrade had a chicken dish with a red coconut curry sauce, which was also quite tasty. 
Can't wait to go back and sample more of what Malee's has to offer!笑
Located on a road that has more art galleries then you can imagine. Enjoy a walking art tour after dinner.
Table seating is a little crowded.
Service is attentive.
Has a small bar to have a drink at while you wait for a table, make a reservation as this restaurant stays busy.
The menu has a large selection and the prices are good.
I tried two of the three soups on the menu. Both had good flavor and the size is more then you can eat. For appetizer the 4 of shared the spring rolls that were fair and a soft shell crab that I think should have been cooked a little longer. Overall not a bad place if you are in the mood for Thai food.笑
This is the most disgusting Thai food I've had in my entire life.  How the heck did this place get 4 stars?  Is it like the emporer's new clothes theory or something?

We ordered the appetizer sampler, which was an assortment of "Asian" type finger foods, all done wrong w/ the wrong dipping sauces.

Drunken Noodles, which came out as thin noodles in a creamy noodles, instead of wide noodles w/ a spicy sauce.  

Crispy-Pla.  So sweet, it was not edible.

Duck Curry.  Really dry duck and didn't have any curry flavor to it at all.

Jasmine Rice was more like Uncle Ben's rice.  It looked like they served us someone else's used rice too, by the way the rice looked inside.  

Disgusting.  I told the waiter and he said it was American food, not really Thai food.

Oh, and their claims that thay make their noodles fresh is a joke.  Let me go in the kitchen to check that out, because no way, no how are their noodles fresh.

If you're Asian, don't come here.  You'll be greatly greatly disappointed.  

I'm so disappointed I wasted a meal in Scottsdale at such a poor excuse for a Thai Retaurant.  

I should have known when I walked in and nobody in the restaurant, servers, hostess, guest were Asian.笑
I was a huge fan of their Desert Ridge location.  I am so sad to see it's not around anymore.

My first time at the Snottsdale location and I was pleased.  I ordered a mango martini and it was fresh and yummy.  My wife and I did the biggest "no no" you could do at a first time establishment.  I am not talking about sex in the bathroom.  I am talking about ordering the same thing at a family style place.  We both got the Pad Thai, it was out of this world.  

I looked around at other things people were getting and I was amazed.  The presentation of the dishes and smiles on their faces made me realize it's all good here.  We'll be going back again sooner than later.笑
This could be the best Thai food restaurant in town!
Dropped by during a very hot afternoon on Saturday. So all the food we ordered are light options: papaya salad, chicken sesame salad and a chicken satay. I would say the peanut sauce in chicken satay is the best I have ever had, not very thin or thick, and not greasy at all! And chicken portion in salad is huge! And salad is not overdressed either! Service is good and friendly.
Overall a very positive dining experience there! Will come back when I am in Scottsdale!笑
First time my fiance and I were there (happy hour) there weren't that many people in the restaurant and the food was soooo good (we got crispy basil chicken, pad thai, green curry, and drunken noodles) this place immediately became our best thai restaurant to go to. 

2 days ago went to the restaurant again with work people telling them it is the best thai place around here, we were very disappointed with the food. It was a busy dinner time with lots of people so maybe that's why the food wasn't that great? 
The table attendants were super proactive, but food was bland and not yummy :'(
(Plus I like my pad kee Mao with flat rice noodles not with pad thai noodles)

To summarize, first visit, 5 stars, second visit, 3 stars.笑
In love...and coming from a very picky pregnant woman, at that! Service was outstanding, prices were much lower than expected and the food was amazing. Not to mention the ginormous servings, especially for the modest pricing! Our waitress, server and waitstaff were all friendly, accommodating, checked on us often, kept the drinks full, and food was prepared in great time considering they were packed. Ordered spring vegetable rolls as an appetizer and it was out pretty quickly. Sauce and rolls were both perfect and just as anticipated. Just as we finished our rolls, our dinner was served. Drunken dragon noodles was the best I've had and the portion was very generous. Our pedi date ran late, so by the time we got to dinner, I was starving (and prego!), and I still ended up taking half my dinner home in a to-go, as did my friend who ordered a coconut fish plate. Both dinners plus appetizer totaled under $50. In AZ on business for another week and will DEF return before leaving town!笑
I have a hard time not getting this every time or every other time we go out. It is reasonably priced, it tastes great! This is especially true for the Curry soup or whatever you call it. Pad Thai is out of this world. I will be back.笑
Rate this place a 0!  Ordered a To go of pad Thai and fried rice and it was horrible!!  Food wasn't even fully cooked. All I want is my money back nothing else thank you.笑
I don't write many reviews but felt compelled.  This is THE WORST Thai food I have eaten in a long time.  I eat a lot of Thai food as it is my favorite cuisine.  I have eaten Thai food in Thailand, Brooklyn, NYC, Chicago, Florida, LA, Toronto and many other places. Specific issues with the food:
Tom Kha Gai was horribly balanced and just tasted a bit like hotwing sauce with lots of lemongrass, coconut was barely notable as a background flavor. It was bright red, for God's sake!  Anyone who eats a lot of Tom Kha Gai knows it is NOT supposed to be bright red. The fried spring rolls were incredibly greasy (likely fried at the wrong temperature) and instead of being served with traditional Thai chili sauce they were served with that radioactive red sweet and sour sauce like what you get from cheap Chinese takeout places.  The drunken noodles (Pad Kee Mao) were thin noodles and again not very flavorful.  I'm not sure who is cooking this food or where they are from but this is a HORRIBLE representation of Thai cuisine.  I can only surmise that the current rave reviews on yelp are from paid employees, people who have never eaten Thai food, or people without taste buds altogether.  Will NEVER eat here again.笑
Consistency and high-quality.  This is Malee's on Main.

They don't skimp on the vegetables, and the when you ask for hot - you get hot, no ifs, ands, or buts about it.  Their tofu is always prepared with excellence, and the chicken never dry or tasteless.  All the curries shine, but the Arizona Heat Wave (red curry) is fabuloso.

The restaurant itself is cozy, too.  Low ceilings, fun and interesting table placement - Malee's uses the uniqueness of their space to their full advantage.  I've never felt like I've intruded on anyone's conversation by accident, nor have I ever felt it happen to me.

The lunch special is a good deal, however it can be busy, so make sure you have the time.  I've been to Malee's on several occasions when a group comes in at 12:30 or 1, and then I can tell their upset because they're food doesn't come out with the speed of a drive up window.  This always bothers me.  Good food takes time, and Malee's is most definetly very good - so allow them the time to prepare it.  You'll be glad you did-笑
Had the Arizona Heatwave (a curry and vegetable dish). Either it was absolutely amazing or my level of hunger played a factor. Either way, it was one of the best curry dishes I've ever had. I'll be returning regularly for it now. 

Vegans and vegetarians be aware that fish and oyster sauce are used in many items (including salad dressings), but that vegan options do exist - and are delicious. The meal mentioned above was prepared vegan and still had wonderful flavors. 

I highly recommend this place and this particular item.笑
This is definitely one of favorite places to eat in the valley so far. The service is great, the food was delicious if a tad pricey, and the ambiance was perfect.笑
Malee's is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley!  The atmosphere is much nicer than many other Thai restaurants that I've been to and the curry can't be beaten.  My favorite is the Arizona Heatwave, which I typically order "very spicy" with tofu.  To translate, "very spicy" at Malee's means that there's good flavor and spice for someone who typically likes spicier food without being so overpowering that one's mouth is simply burning so badly that the actual flavors of the food are masked.  The dinner portion is definitely quite a bit larger than the lunch portion, so if you're looking to take leftovers home, you'll want the larger size.  The tofu spinach pot stickers are also a great appetizer and are served with a variety of tasty dipping sauces.  The only real negative that I've encountered food-wise is the peanut dressing that comes on the salads by default.  It's so heavy and the salad is just drowning in dressing to the point that it's impossible to taste the salad itself.  That problem is easily remedied, however, by asking for the sesame ginger dressing which is much lighter.

While I've never attended, Malee's offers cooking classes once a month at which they provide instruction on how to make some of their signature dishes.  It sounds like fun, but my logic is why go through the trouble of cooking the food myself when I can just go to Malee's and have a great meal while someone else does the work!笑
Excellent service, excellent location and excellent​ food. 
Our server was always attentive and checking to see if we needed anything. She recommend some of her favorites and her description of the dishes was dead on.
Their menu offers a wide variety of options to accommodate any guest. The food was delicious and the spices and seasoning was well balanced. I personally like spicy food while others in our party like mild flavors, they provided me with additional traditional Thai spices on the side, these gave my dish the perfect kick I needed. 
This has been a favorite place for a while now and they never disappoint.笑
I spent about a month in Thailand and because of that, I can be snobby.  There is some BAD Thai out there.  This is not one of them.

Located in the arts district of Old Town, this is an unassuming spot.  not a whoel in the wall at all, but not overly stuff.   

They can alter the heat level to your taste (traditional real Thai is HOT).  I've had everything fromt he Tom ka Ga soup, to the amazing fish dish and the curry.  Everything I've had touches upon the basics of Thai cooking: the heat, the sweet, the savory.  Everything is flavorful, reasonably priced, and fresh.笑
I tried eating here for lunch on a weekday.. on a half hour lunch. My mistake. Of course I should have guessed I wouldn't have enough time to eat, but I was starving! And I didn't bring lunch to work. Gah.

I got the yellow curry, and the waiter said that it takes a while to cook since everything is prepared fresh. I basically stuffed my face with scorching hot, delicious curry and ran back to work.. it's unfortunate I didn't really enjoy myself since it was actually pretty good food. A bit pricey for the proportion that I got, but I would love to come back here again (on a day off, of course).

-1 point for bringing out my salad with a fly stuck in the peanut dressing.笑
Absolutely the BEST Thai I've ever had in Arizona. The Tom Ka Gai soup was out of this world. A multitude of flavors exploding in your mouth! I went with a party of six and each of us loved our appetizers, soups and entrees. 

I ordered the Vegetable Fried Rice and Green Basil Curry which were excellent. There's a little Thai place in Prescott, AZ that gives the Green Curry a run for it's money, but overall still great. 

The service was wonderful as well - our waiter, Daniel, was friendly and gave us excellent service. This is a little gem of a restaurant in Old Town!笑
Food is good but here's the problem. 

NO PAPAYA SALAD

NO STICKY RICE

NO BEEF SALAD (LARP) 

I'm sure there's a lot more missing from their menus.  I understand this restaurant is catered to Americans but how can you miss those 3 popular items! Dunno about you but I can't have Thai food without my sticky rice! 

Just fell short of the full experience.笑
Get the Tom Yum Soup! It's sooooo good. The bigger size (bowl) is enough for 2 people with rice. Pad Thai was OK. Intimate atmosphere and right in Old Town on Main St by all of the art galleries. Good service as well!笑
Have heard about this place for years, and finally tried it last week.   I was unimpressed; it feels at the level of the very basic Thai lunch spots in other big cities.  We got the Drunken Dragon noodles - pretty bland taste; just noodles, overcooked small bits of chicken, and some bland tomatoes.  We also had the seafood curry.  It was a decent taste, and even the calamari was fairly tender.  It was just... boring, which is not an adjective I usually think of with Thai food.    Our shumai came with a pretty one-note sugary soy sauce as a dip, as well as sriracha and a yellow mustard.   I know there are nice garlicky Thai hot sauces...I like sriracha, but just surprised I got it.  (Especially alongside some French's)

Also was surprised that medium had barely any heat, even when the waiter warned us that the curry started at an initial level that was pretty spicy.

Overall, it wasn't offensive but I will never go back.笑
I stopped by last night with friends and we had the coconut soup and some cold beers. It was nice to get out of the heat and enjoy my friends. The waitresses are very enjoyable!笑
Food was ok, service was excellent. Thai sample platter for appetizer had a great variety but egg roll was too oily and satay was cold. Favorite dish was Tom Yum soup with chicken, so flavorful and delicious. Jalapeño fried rice was overrated.笑
I would highly recommend the drunken dragon noodles, but don't ask for them too hot!  Yummy!笑
2 times here. First time was so good, it was the reason for the return trip.

On the return trip, the food was good enough but could have been a bit better. The service, however, was far from up to par. Perhaps it was a newer server? She seemed to be trying to work from some kind of script. Our questions of her and our comments seemed to throw here completely off course. She just kept saying that it was important to them that we were happy. She probably said this to us more than a dozen times over about an hour.

I'll probably return. But it won't be with my companion. Her taste buds are hardy enough to handle "chef hot" and then some. So, for her, combining sub-par service with a meal that could have had even more spice (which I'd think would have excited the kitchen staff), means she'll take a pass.笑
Where to begin? We love this restaurant. We always take visitors from out of state here and they love it and ask to go back when they visit again. Service is excellent. The food is fantastic.笑
Malee's is the most spicy Thai food I've had in the Valley, which is good because it satisfies my really crazy addiction to heat, but it'sbad because most other places just can't live up to the heat standard Malee's has set.

That being said, my new discovery at Malee's is Chef Hot, which is double Thai hot. WOW. Talk about eye-watering satisfaction. I tried it with the crispy basil chicken, but I think next time I'll try it with something that has more of a sauce--like the red curry (Arizona Heatwave). 

I've tried the drunken dragon noodles, the aforementioned Arizona heatwave and crispy basil chicken, the roasted duck, the beef-with-some-sort-of-garlic sauce, and the Thai chow mein. My favorite is the crispy basil chicken, but the red curry is the best I've had. It's got a subtle smokiness I just love.

Malee's takes reservations, which is great for the weekends and crowds. I usually for with at least four other people for dinner, so I definitely give Malee's a holler before.

Malee's is a bit more pricey than your average mom-and-pop Thai place, but I think it's worth it every now and then. :)笑
Terrible pad thai. Just terrible. It was tomato-flavored, sticky and clumpy. Worst pad thai I've ever had. Service wasn't that great either. And the salad looked like it came from a bag rather than fresh cut greens.笑
I love this place! We go to the Desert Ridge location and always have amazing service and food.  Like other reviewers I have to shout out the Crispy Basil Chicken OMG!.  Even their sushi is excellent, best Las Vegas Roll I've had to date.  If your lucky the DR chef makes Thai Coffee Ice Cream from scratch which is worth the trip by itself.笑
I have given this place numerous chances and every time is just an okay experience. I have done both takeout and dine in and both experiences were pretty much the same. 

Dine in- be prepared to wait.  Even if you are seated right away, the service always seems to be slow. Even if the restaurant is slow, they seem to be running behind. I would give service 2 stars overall for every time I have eaten there.  Once they finally get to your table to take your order the food comes relatively quickly, but the time to place your order is what takes forever. The food I would give 4 stars.  I've order the seafood curry, the pad Thai, the glass noodles, and quite a few others.  Everything is pretty good, but is not like other Thai restaurants. The pad Thai is good but when I ordered it for the first time it wasn't what I was expecting.  

Take out- I have ordered takeout a few times now and they never seem to have the food ready when they say.  It's either way faster than they quote so when you get there it's cold by the time you get home or it's not ready and you end up waiting.  The other experience that upset me was one day I was paying by credit card and the woman tried 2 different cards and told me they weren't working (they worked everywhere else and at another place later that night).   This is fine but she was a little rude when it wouldn't work like there was something I could do about it. Whatever was wrong must have been on their machine. 

Overall the food is good, but maybe not the Thai food you are expecting.  If you are in a hurry this is not the place for you.  Service is slow so expect that when going in and you will be fine.笑
Accidentally walked in at 10 minutes before close and the amazing Amy welcomed us with open arms. She and the rest of the staff made it feel like we were at home. She was very knowledgeable with wine and the menu. The food was delicious. Try it.笑
I didn't like it. We were passing it and a woman heard us and recommended it; being "out-of-towners" we figured local recommendation would be good, but it wasn't.  My beef with veggies in garlic sauce may have been good on an average day, but today tasted like beef that failed to be refrigerated, or was few weeks old, or was a beef-substitute ... Whatever it was, it caused me to get immediately nauseous!  After I told the pleasant waitress about it and she took the complaint inside (we were sitting outdoors) the hostess and who may have been the chef judging by the white apron, stepped outside just enough to take a look and went back in, no questions asked.  Other than the meat that tasted like less-than-fresh road kill, the behavior of the staff convinced me to share that experience with fellow yelpers and possibly warn someone the way I wish I had been warned ... the one star can stand for the good Thai iced tea ... But it isn't easy to mess that up...笑
This spot was recommended by a local that I trust with food choices.  Let's just say that any Thai restaurant that gives me my choice of "levels of spicyness" already has won my heart!  They offer 1-5, I ordered 5 and it was mouthwatering!  I got the drunken noodles with shrimp (my staple thai dish) and it did not disappoint. Yes, my sinuses were runny, but I like Thai experiences that do that to me so ALL GOOD!!笑
I'm a card carrying (literally, they gave me frequent diner card that's supposed to get me free stuff, haven't seen it yet though) fan of Malees, the real one in old Town Scottsdale, not that B.S. up North. Consistently GREAT food and good service, large portions and well priced too. Our most recent Trip was on mother's Day, we saw Stomp and came out hungry around 4pm - we called and got in before the crowd w/no reservations and had yet another great meal. 

The atmosphere is casual but nice and the emphasis is on the food. Malees is located on 5th Ave just west of Scottsdale and has a TON of street parking available as most of galleries that surround it are closed at dinner time anyway. They also serve lunch, man I need to go there more often! Favorite Standout dishes include the traditional soups, Thai Stick appetizers, the best fried tofu in town with peanut dipping sauce (a really simple dish that's apparently easy to f*ck up based on what I've had elsewhere), beef panang (not on the menu so just order it), of course pad-thai and a dish I think they call candied fish that is two HUGE whitefish fillets that are very lightly breaded and flash fried and drizzled with a sweet chilie sauce, to call it sweet and sour would be insulting, way better and more nuanced. They have anice little patio when weather permits, can take parties from 2 to 8 with no problem and take and actually KEEP reservations. (Am I the only one who gets pissed if he makes a reservation, shows up on the dot and waits an hour?) Crowd is mixed and widely varied from new age sandal-foots exploring the East by eating noodles to tourists, locals, first dates, and of course the usual assortment of Indian and Asian families that lets you know they know how to use spices. I'd give it five stars as pefection if the decor was a little more exciting, it's not bad, just not all that it could be on that front, but here I am really looking for one thing to complain about - this is one of my favorite places in town and a place I always take visting guests.笑
Malee's Thai Bistro offers a decent Thai experience in Scottsdale.They deliver through Postmates, but also have an intimate dining area with design elements that reminds you of a house.

If you're used to traditional names for Thai food, get ready for creative license. Red vegetable curry is now Arizona heatwave, drunken noodles are now drunken dragon noodles (note: not actually dragon noodles), etc. You get the idea.

The food was okay. Malee's is probably 40% more expensive than Thai Basil and Thai Elephant Bistro in Tempe, but I probably couldn't tell you the difference between the curries. The engaging atmosphere is worth some of that delta. 

The tofu spinach dumplings were fantastic, despite having wrappers that didn't quite feel familiar. The pad thai stood a few inches taller than the red curry.

The online menu separated out vegetarian options, which was very helpful.

When leaving the restaurant, some drunk stranger (there tend to be a few stumbling around Scottsdale) yelled out at the group of us, "WAS IT GOOD?" Everyone ignored him, but me. I told him I enjoyed it, and that he should try it. 

I regret putting the ball in Malee's court to handle him, but the man, seemingly unaware of today's Yelps of the world, was doing what everyone reading this review is doing, only in a more visceral, confrontational way.笑
Great service and even better food. Get a side of chili paste to get an even bigger kick to your food.笑
The first time we went to Malee's was really nice and so I recommended it for last night.  We were meeting old friends that we meet on a cruise. Everyone was in Scottsdale at the same time so the 6 of us decided to eat at Malee's since we all love Thai food. I can't talk for everyone except for my husband and I. When we sat down we asked for lemons for our water and didn't get them until the apps were served. The restaurant wasn't full so I don't get it.. But we did get them at some point, which is better than not getting at all. We ordered the rice paper veg rolls as an app... and the sauces were OK but the roll was way too full we had to use a knife and fork, it wasn't too bad, mediocre is the way I would describe it... Then we had the Arizona Heat Curry (hot) and the Hippy Noodles... The curry was hot but had no taste, you saw that it didn't have much coconut milk mainly spice and nothing else.. The hippy noodles were dry and tasteless with only broccoli, smoked tofu and egg...  We all ordered the mango jack cheesecake and since it was recommended by the server we took two to share.. It was HORRIBLE... cold, old, dry, it didn't taste  like any cheesecake I ever had..... when we complained he looked at us like a deer in the headlights, and did nothing for us just cleared the table.. The bill was way too high for such mediocre food. With no compensation for the Cheesecake....We will not be going back anytime soon.. .what a shame....笑
Mediocre Thai food.  Not sure where the 4 stars came from.  We ordered their signature dishes, Crispy Basil chicken (just ok), Pad Thai (I've had better, shrimps were salty!), Calamari Salad (we barely ate it), Fried Tofu (nothing special) and Duck Curry (the worst duck curry we've ever had).   It's safe to say we won't be back.笑
Beautiful decoration and great service. We had one of the chicken dishes with curry and some noodles (devil combination?). Anyway their medium spicy is really good, I can only imagine that next level is a total respiratory system clean up. 

If you like Thai this is a must!笑
I do miss the Desert Ridge location, and its large patio - but I always did think the Old Town Scottsdale location had more ambiance. We just don't get here as often. It is a relaxed, roomy atmosphere. This is one of the first places my husband brought me while we were dating and I still love everything about it.....just wish they had a really nice (larger) patio. Everything I have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks. The Pad Thai is the best I have every had.....and my favorite previously is at a family -owned place in San Fran. The Basil Chicken is to die for, and I could eat the Crispy Pla for breakfast.....never have I felt this way about fish. I am definitely a fan. Never once have I had slow or unfriendly service and every meal has been perfect.笑
I love this place !  wonderful food, classes that are a delight.  the staff can't be nicer and you can feel they all have a stake here, not just employees.  I bring out of towners here, and have never  had anyone disappointed .  even people that don't think they would like Thai...on that note...I have seen reviews in the past , that its "Scottsdale" Thai not real Thai.....which makes me smile since Kris the manager is from Bangkok and having spent close to 500 days in Thailand myself .  I enjoy this as much as anywhere in Thailand....well the Oriental Hotel cooking school is pretty good though!  go, you won't be disappointed .  The only  criticism I have is I wish I lived closer.笑
It's taste buds versus spicy thai in a duel to the death....ok well maybe not that extreme but the food here does pack a punch. Came here with the family and it was good but very hot, even when we asked for things to not be that spicy as some at the table couldn't handle it. For example the thai hot wings we ordered but asked for low spice...they had me burning up and required a trip to the restroom to take care of the sweat. I regularly complain that hot wings most places aren't spicy enough and order suicide wings a decent amount if that gives you any idea of how hot these had to be.

The seafood curry was great as was the whole fish that was lightly battered with mango salsa (i think halibut), both were great. The panang was also very good but again packed some serious heat.

Overall it's good but I would say a bit over priced and some of the heat of the dishes takes away from the flavor. Probably need to give it a second chance for a full evaluation but call it 3-3.5 stars for now.笑
Decent Thai-ish place in Old Town. This place gets packed at night, so get a reservation if you plan on eating after 7 pm. I really liked the Burmai gao and duck shumai.  The jalapeño fried rice was a bit of a miss, but the chicken in it was very tender and kind of carried the dish. We had a stir fry seafood dish with squid, which was a little chewy and tasteless. I'd say stick with the stuff that doesn't include seafood, especially based on the previous review about poopy shrimp.笑
3 stars, only because of the birthday party company we had, The Thai food was what I would expect in Scottsdale, bleh..  I can definitely recommend more authentic Thai restaurants, and much better food...笑
Best Tom Yum Soup! 

GREAT customer service!

Always FRIENDLY!笑
Best Thai food in Arizona. Been going here for years and have loved every dish. Try their Pad Thai and the tofu with peanut sauce appetizer.笑
This place never lets me down. One of the great things about Malee's is that they're always consistent - the customer service is great and the food is tasty. 

Even though it was a Friday night, we got seated right away (without a reservation). It was the perfect night to sit outside so and we were happy to be sat on their patio. 

We were very pleased with our appetizers and main dishes. My favorite part of the meal was the crab rangoons. They're filled with flavor, crunchy, and the plum dipping sauce is divine. The crab-shrimp rolls my husband got were OK. His favorite part of the meal was the half pineapple that his main dish was served in (see pic.)! My Thai basil chicken was yummy and a three spice level was spot on, but it needed more sauce and was dry. Also, we were not initially given enough rice and had to ask for more. Last but not least, I enjoyed a frozen Thai basil margarita that was not overly sweet and very refreshing. My husband enjoyed their Thai beer which was light and smooth. 

Overall, we really enjoyed our dinner and look forward to the next time. This was a great way to end a long week!笑
I decided to check this place out after reading the great reviews. However, it turned out to be nothing like I thought it would. The food was moderately okay. I wasn't thrilled nor satisfied but as a quick stop for dinner, it  works.笑
I travel to Scottsdale monthly! This is one of my favorite finds!  They have a quaint little patio outside and tonight they have live jazz. Very nice!
Now more about the food!  Very good!  I have eaten here several times and each dish has been delicious!  I love Thai but am not a huge fan of spicy! For the most part they have done a great job of making things tasty without being overbearing with the heat!  
I have tried a new dish each time and love the variety and their own spin on old favorites!  My favs so far are the crab Rangoon, glass noodles, tom ka if you are looking for a great soup. Thai basil is is the choice for tonight   Pad Thai and pad se ew are also quite tasty!  Enjoy!
PS... They offer cooking classes with wine pairing one a month! May have to plan to stay for the weekend one of these visits!笑
I have no idea what kind of crack people are smoking in Phoenix. This was the most vile meal I've had in a long time, and without a doubt the worst "Thai" restaurant I've ever been too.

In all my life I've never sent a dish back to the kitchen, but my "drunken dragon" noodles were so beyond recognizable as food, they had to go back. I have no idea if the kitchen staff accidentally dumped a box of cleaning detergent on it or what, but everyone at my table agreed that it was not edible.

My aforementioned dining partners, luckily, didn't have quite as bad an experience as me. However, they certainly didn't seem to enjoy their dinners and commented on how bland the food was.

As for me, I wish my food was bland. It sure beats the taste of bitter, burnt plastic that overwhelmed my poor noodles.

2 stars because the server was super nice and didn't charge me for my dinner without me having to ask. And he offered a free beer as an apology. However, it came in a glass that had lipstick all over it.

Gross.笑
I got take out and while the wait was only about 10 miNs that was the best part I ordered a large but when I got seems like a spall know maybe I'm spoiled from being in Brooklyn New York where for supercheap And it for days. This experience is one of the worst I've had in town the food was beyond boy and and mediocre of course I did get pad Thai But the veggies were old shriveled and disgusting I did not enjoy this experience at ally笑
The crispy fish with mango was so good!!! I live on the east coast and know good fish-- this was so delicious!
Hubby had duck in spicy sauce and envied me the fish!
Service is impeccable and proper. I will return!笑
Went to dinner last night with out of town guests.  Got in without a reservation but had to sit in the bar.  Think possibly this impacted our service as it seemed like waiting for our check took forever.  The waiter, Daniel was wonderful about exposing the heat levels as two of us were very sensitive to that.
Food is always good there.  Great place to eat while seeing old town Scottsdale.  We got lucky and found parking right out front.
Calamari appetizer was my favorite part!  And of course the company I was there with...笑
Was really excited to try a new Thai place in town, heard nothing but great things about this place. Received water as soon as we sat down, and then hadn't been acknowledged AT ALL, over 15 MINTUES we sat without service. A table that had been seated after us had already had their order taken and drinks received. After telling someone we were tired of waiting, we exited hungry and irritated. I'm in the industry too, I know how it goes! This was unacceptable! I'll stick to Phoenix for great food and great service. Sad we didn't even get to try the food!笑
Disgusting! Don't come here unless you want explosive diarrhea. I only had a cup of Tom yum soup, a bite of nasty burnt beef and broccoli, and a bite of mushy wet chicken fried rice. The server was really nice and seemed accustomed to taking back food because hastily removed the plates and took the items off our bill. I would never waste another penny here. Save your money, self and loved ones from this disgusting place.笑
They gave us a big portion for the entree but only provided relatively small portion of rice.  My colleague and I were fighting for the last grain of rice from the shared bowl - great way to build team spirit.  :-) 

I actually don't remember what I order - I think it was a glazed chicken dish that was mild (not spicy).    It was okay and I only finished about 1/2 of the dish.   The server was okay even though we don't see her often - left us alone.  The other server with water was attentive and our water glasses were always full...  nice.  

This food was not comparable to those restaurants I went to when I was in Bangkok or Phuket but it was not bad.笑
If you want authentic Thai food, this place is definitely not for you. My family and I went there on our visit to Scottsdale. When we first got into the door, we didn't see any Thai or asian workers or customers, which are kinda surprising to see (or in case "not see") in a Thai restaurant. We ordered a couple entrees to share and the food were definitely not Thai food, it's more like Thai imitation. Anyway, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. It was okay in term of taste. The reason I gave it two stars instead of three was because all the items on the menu were expensive.笑
Pretty good, nothing memorable or especially good.  
Actually the free cup of soup when you check in on yelp or 4square was the best thing we had.笑
Glad we made it out to this little place. We really enjoyed. Pad Thai is excellent & we really loved the Siamese Kisses (pot stickers)!!!!笑
Haven't been to Malee's in way too long.  We used to hit the one at Desert Ridge way back when, but don't get to Old Town Scottsdale that often.

Anyway, let's get onto what you're looking for - is it a good place to get your Thai food fix?
Yes!!!  

Start with the Tom Ka Gai soup - my wife's all time favorite.  Even better if you order it in the evening - because it's served in a flaming tureen.  Good visual, and GREAT flavor.  Make sure to have them tell you about the three things you may find in the soup that are for flavor, but not for eating (lemon grass, galanga root, and kaffir lime leaves, IIRC) - don't think they'd hurt you, but if you can chew them, you're a stud!

My favorite Thai dish is always the Panang curry - a spicy/sweet/wonderful red curry.  You can choose your protein (including vegetarian, if that floats your boat - I prefer beef).

The Crispy Basil Chicken is AMAZING as well.  Really great flavor!  (Off the dinner menu - it's different on the lunch menu, and not as spectacular).

If you're itching for seafood, try the Crispy Pla.

Nice local place.  Good food.  Good service.  Great pick in Old Town Scottsdale!笑
Malee's might be the best Thai food I've ever had, anywhere. It is very consistently delicious and well done. Their specials are always interesting and their service is top notch. My wife and I have sampled nearly everything on the menu, and it is all VERY good. It's not the cheapest place in town but if you love Thai, you definately need to check this place out. You'll never eat anywhere again笑
Best duck curry I've ever had. The duck is tender and juicy. The sauce was flavorful, tangy and very tasty. Rice is included! I got the large and shared with another. Definitely recommend this dish!

Minus 1 star just because I got the Thai iced tea and it was watery. Wasn't as sweet as I wanted.

Service is also great!笑
I ordered takeout from here last night. The pad thai was just ok. The yellow chicken curry was much better. I ordered the large pad thai and the portion was very generous, lasting a few meals. I ordered the yellow chicken curry in size small and it was a much smaller portion. Just enough for one person who isn't that hungry.笑
Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I found this Thai restaurant to try and enjoyed it much.  I started off with the Fried Spring Rolls.  They are definitely different than the rolls I am used to, but I still liked them and would order them again.  The Tom Yum soup with tofu was a real hit!  It was flavored beauitfully!

For my lunch entree, I had the Malee's Thai Chow Mein.  It wasn't what I expected, but it was good enough.  It had a lot going on in this dish, but for some reason, it still lacked flavor.  I also had some of the Yellow Curry with brown rice, and it was packed with flavor and would have been a much better option for me to order.  

Overall, the food was good and the service was peachy.  I would probably visit this place again.笑
I really love Malee's and the food is always good. I've been there quite a few times and i have to say that there have been some changes. The negative changes are that the portion sizes are smaller and that the waitstaff is a little pushy sometimes. Neither of these things is overwhelmingly awful, but I wish they hadn't gone this direction. When I first started going here about 6 years ago each entree could easily feed 3 or 4 people if you ordered a couple of dishes and went family style. Now they feed maybe 2. It's obviously not a huge change but one that I've seen happen at other places when the begin to slip. Now for the positives. Their dishes used to be very mellow as far as spices went and they have definitely kicked the spice up a bit which I love ,not that you can't get it mellow anymore they just have more spice options. and They had some really tasty drinks both alcoholic and non. Overall I still love this place and will continue to come back.笑
Food and service was great.....I'm only writing this post to warn some of you in regards to the heat level. Lots of posts on here stated that a 3 wasn't even close to hot so I asked the server for thai hot and she warned that even a 3 was very hot. I was skeptical because I thought she probably really didn't eat hot but when our food arrived it was so hot I couldn't eat much of it although it was really good. I love hot food, habeneros and serranos are my favorite peppers and I can handle a lot of heat. So I'm not sure what the deal was, maybe they made a mistake on mine and gave me thai hot however it was all three of the dish's we ordered....just order with caution so you can enjoy your food!I would have given more stars but since I couldn't even eat my food 3 was all I could give.笑
Great spot for Thai, this is one of the few places when you ask for Thai spicy your going to get actual Thai spicy.  Their soups are amazing and fried rice is delicious.  Not a Great wine selection but that ok.笑
Incredibly slow service, with cold food being brought to the table. I will give them another chance, only because the food showed promise. Don't eat here if you're in a hurry!笑
This place is great! One of the best Thai restaurants in Scottsdale. They have lunch options which is affordable and fast. Very good when you're in a hurry. My favorite it definitely the chicken yellow curry. They give you enough rice, so I like that a lot. You also get a salad or soup (depending on time of the year) with your meal. I've also been here for dinner time a couple of years ago and I remember it was delicious. Glad they haven't changed the food or cook (whichever!). Highly recommended.笑
The noodle soup with minced chicken and panang curry were both very good! We went this past Saturday around 11:30 am and there was no wait.笑
The other half and I did some poor planning one night of our spring training. We did not pre-buy tickets to a game against the AZ Diamond Backs. Wooops. We got all the way over to the stadium to find a huge line of cars to park, no parking spaces, and a sold out game. UGH. So, we turned around and headed back to Scottsdale to get some food. I remembered this place on my "to eat" list from YELP. We found it on the blackberry and off we went. 

It was not very crowded. We were seated right away. Our seater and server were very nice. The server made recommendations, one being the soup choice. It was not a super hot day, so we were opting for soup and he said the presentation of this one particular soup was very good... flames. I believe it was chicken wonton soup.  We also ordered the drunken dragon noodles and a vegetable dish (that I just cannot remember right now.)  

The waiter was correct, the presentation of the soup was great. I even took pictures, as hard as it is to get flames on film. The plates were all average sized, but plenty for the two of us. The food was all quite good, though a bit on the pricier side for thai. 

Overall, I think an excellent selection for the evening. Good relaxed, nice place with good staff, good food and even a baseball player sighting (though we have no idea who he was, probably a minor leaguer).笑
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix and been a patron for years. Deirdre, the owner, puts her heart and soul in this restaurant and it shows. The staff is like family and we eat here weekly. My favorite dish is the Crispy Basil Chicken!笑
Great Food.  Not your average Thai joint, so if you're looking for traditional, you won't find it here.  They put their own twist on almost every dish.  I had a seafood dish of scallops, shrimp, etc., in a spicy sauce that was AWESOME.  Great presentation too.  They delivered my meal in a halved pineapple that had been hallowed out.  Pretty cool.

They've also got a great beer, wine, and tequilla selection.  Ask for the Thai Basil Margarita.  I didn't have one, but the guy sitting down the bar from me really enjoyed his.

Check it out!笑
Really?

I trusted Yelp raves enough to persuade Donny S. to try Thai during our Tempe mini-break. We ventured on a Friday night and were pleased with the cute location, nice decor and Friday night atmosphere. Four stars.

Menu looked GREAT - standard favorites mixed in with a few dishes for the more adventurous. I unabashedly do not fall in the latter category - I ordered summer rolls and Pad Thai.

The summer rolls were a huge disappointment - dry chicken, too much noodles, ZERO flavor. The only thing we could taste was the plum sauce, which let's be honest was a really WEIRD condiment choice. It completely overpowered the dry chicken and bland noodles, and the overall effect was not a terrible flavor combination. Nonethless, they were *technically* edible, and I ate them.

Good thing too, as the Pad Thai was revolting and tasted basically like a chicken-flavored lollipop. With every sickly sweet bite I lamented the absence of nuttiness and savory tang - the normal province of a Pad Thai. I pushed away most of my half portion. (On a side note, portions are pretty enormous so half portions are a good idea , terrible food aside).

Nice place, great atmosphere, good service. Shame about the food.笑
I've enjoyed Thai food in lots of places, but Malee's is my favorite anywhere. We eat here every time we come to Phoenix and are never disappointed. They serve stuff you can't find anywhere else, and it's all done with a flair. This time I ordered some of the lettuce wraps. Spicy and very yummy.  We always order the crispy basil chicken and the crispy pla. This place is very special. The best!笑
My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale, bar none.

It's quaint, friendly, and the food is outstanding, both in terms of quality and price.  Every time I try something different to keep it fresh, and every time I thoroughly enjoy it.  I try and eat there at least once a month.  Highly recommended.笑
INCREDIBLE FLAVOR!! WOW!! Spicy Cashew Beef was the best I've had in a long time!! Spice level 3 was perfect.  Added Malees to my rotation  Spicy wings were also great! Wife got the Crispy Teriyaki and it was phenomenal!!笑
I had the best Thai meal ever and I live nearNY City.  The waitress was a doll.  I highly recommend笑
The food here was heavenly.  We got the Siamese Kisses to start off with.  They were very light and absolutely delicious.  It's served with a soy based sweet dipping sauce, sambal, and what I could only describe as a curried mustard which was fantastic.  

I got a pot of the Tom Ka Gai soup.  I have dreams about it every night now.  It's so freaking delicious!!  I ate about half the pot so I was lucky enough to have the rest for lunch the next day.  My husband got the small order of Pad Thai which ended up being really big!  He asked them to make it as spicy as possible.  It was really delicious but he didn't think it was very spicy.  It's nothing against them though, he's a total freak of nature when it comes to spicy food and I've never seen him think something was hot enough.  He still thoroughly enjoyed and said he would definitely order it again.  

We ended our meal with the pumpkin custard.  It was insanely good.  They cook inside a sugar pumpkin and just cut pieces out of the pumpkin to serve it.  It tasted like the best pumpkin pie you'd ever had with a hint of coconut.  I only wish we had ordered two instead of sharing one.

Our server was fantastic too.  We sat outside, we were the only people sitting outside and I didn't feel like we were being ignored at all.  He was very attentive and nice!  We had all that food, my husband had a drink with alcohol, and I had a soda, the bill was $44 before tip which isn't bad at all.  We will definitely be back!笑
We took our food to go. The spring rolls were ok but nothing special. No peanut sauce. The Tom ka gai soup was delicious as was the chicken and eggplant. However, the pad Thai was bland and the other chicken dish was swamped in tamarind. I would go back for the soup but skip all the rest.笑
This is the second time eating at Malee's.  The first time was for a friend's birthday.  Service and food were great.

This weekend my fiance and I went to Malee's for a date.  We didn't have a reservation and sat at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  Great thing was that the bar had happy hour all night!  Bonus for us!

The bar area was a little busy with servers coming and going for drinks but we didn't mind.  It was still quiet enough for conversation.  The food was excellent just like our previous visit.  We loved the basil chicken!

I can't say how great the service from the bar tender was.  Although he clearly was busy he was extremely attentive to us.  We never had to wait for anything.  When he boxed up our leftovers he gave us extra rice to take home.  When we were driving away we saw him running out to us with my purse in hand trying to catch us.  Now THAT is service.  I hadn't realized I left it there!  It is pretty rare that a busy bar tender would stop what he was doing to run your purse outside to catch you.  Seriously we will be back and leave him an even better tip next time!笑
Tom Ka Gai soup was absolutely fantastic! I could have just ate that and been good! Ordered the curry chicken skewer appetizers. Very tender, I should have gone up a spice level. Ordered medium. Not spicy at all. Great lunch. Great atmosphere. Ate outdoors.笑
Malee's has been around for so long because it's one of the best Thai restaurants in town. Feel free to request mild or spicy or anything in between. 

Enjoy!笑
Hands down the BEST Thai food in Scottsdale!! Great ambiance, decor, and even better food. The Thai Fai Fire Wraps are absolutely incredible. They are SO good. Prices are reasonable for downtown Scottsdale also. Love, love, love Malee's!笑
I decided to try Malees because of the great reviews. I got the crab Rangoon and pad Thai. The crab Rangoon was alright, pretty good but just not the best I have had. The pad Thai was very good, but a touch too spicy. I wasn't sure if I could order it with a different spice amount, but I certainly would have if I knew. Overall it was enjoyable, but not super fabulous. The service was good though, I got take out and it was ready right when they said it would be (in 15 minutes).笑
Favorite Thai place in the valley.  Delicious flavors, lots of vegetarian options, hefty portions.  

My faves include: panang curry (with tofu), crispy pla fish (SO good), their pad thai is also delish....

You really just can't go wrong.笑
In Scottsdale doing Tv shows looked on Yelp like what I saw. I called front desk at Hyatt asked concierge for suggestion "Malee is the best " it's in old town Scottsdale love that area. I have spent lots of time in Thailand so I think I know Thai food, the girl i was with never had Thai so I started with Tom Ka Gai and then the pad Thai & ended with coconut ice cream with nuts. The food great, the place is nice, the night perfect, try it !!!笑
No, but seriously, I love this place. I would eat here everyday if I could. 

Either eating in, or taking it to go, the food and service is stellar. I've had a couple different appetizers and entrees and I've narrowed it down to two favorites. The Siamese Kisses app is fricken delicious and the Pad Thai is :drool: amazing. 

They do their spice level from 1 to 5. 1 being no spice at all and 5 being Thai hot. Ive ordered the Pad Thai at a 3 and a 4 and I think I prefer the 3. Level 4 is definitely manageable but it kind of burns the tummy afterward.. Which is just slightly unpleasant. 

I absolutely love eating here and consider them my "go to" for dining out. They also have a rewards card, which for every 200 points, you get a gift card. They also send you stuff for your birthday and anniversary. 

Yummmmmmm!笑
Definitely the best Thai place I've found in the valley.  The food is quite good, although it's not mind-blowing.  They'll make most dishes as hot as you want them, which is a big plus for me since I enjoy food that's painful.笑
I've only been here once for a birthday dinner party outing, but I will definitely be back. Food was fantastic and everyone in our group of 8 was satisfied. If you like spicy and delicious Thai, look no further!  Lots of variety on the menu and a lot of vegetarian options or the option to make a dish veggie, which is not often found dining out.  The atmosphere was also lovely, and this place was rocking on a Friday night! Seems like I recall several large parties, so you know it's a crowd pleaser. Come prepared with cash though if dining in a large group, as it is not their policy to split checks. Since we did not come prepared, our waiter was very courteous and did split out the bill for us when requested, but I know it took some work for him behind the scenes.笑
Great spot. Went here for a quick dinner, sat at the bar w 3 friends, and it was delicious. I got the fish curry and loved it. Check this one out, as it's really good.笑
I can only comment on the red curry seafood dish. The seafood itself was excellent (and at their prices, it should be!) and they cooked the rice properly (more hard to find in AZ than you'd believe!), but the curry itself was a disaster. It was very thin and watery and reflected pure cayenne rather than curry spices (e.g., chili, cumin, coriander, turmeric). When I eat red curry in Thai Basil restaurants around the valley, that red curry gravy is so delectable, I drink it down to the last drop, but not here. Crazy how Mexican influences tend to corrupt the kitchens of other cuisines in this state. I had Linguini with clam sauce in a so-called Italian restaurant here where they ruined the sauce in the same way! Wait staff here gets high marks, though. Young but very professional, personable and attentive.笑
Very good Thai food, they have some dishes that I can't find at other Thai restaurants and they are delicious!笑
Gosh, this is a challenging one. I really wanted to LOVE this place but am not sure I would return. They list gluten free options and that is hugely attractive to me. The bean thread noodle salad was good although the shrimp in it was like eating a rubber eraser (which is better than a bad shrimp) but not great. The summer rolls were pretty good although the chicken was kind of dry and the shrimp while not quite rubber eraserery had very little taste to it. The other ingredients in them were good and fresh. The hoisin sauce was really good. I also had some panang chicken. The panang was very different from other panang sauces I've had (mostly in Seattle) and I didn't really like it. I got the gf some pad thai. It also seemed really different. I had asked if it had a tamarind based sauce and was told that yes it did but it didn't taste like a tamarind based sauce to me. 

Unfortunately, the food all made my stomach make weird noises. Which was not awesome.

Since we did take out, I can't comment on the service.笑
I have to be honest Yelpers, I think you led me astray. You said the Drunken Noodles and Crispy Chicken Basil were great... but I thought they were just so-so. I think they have other gems on their menu. Don't get me wrong, the quality of the ingredients was great! But the items just felt "americanized" ... and I like the hardcore stuff! 

Service is very attentive and friendly. It seems they have daily specials (Monday included discounts on wine bottles), and they also have a nice seasonal menu that included mangos & sounded very appetizing. 

The environment was very comfortable, and the place had a healthy flow of people, suggesting that there's some consistency. I'll be back to try more soon!笑
Like going there when I go to the Thurs art nights at galleries on street. It is always fresh and very good. Great blend of spices. Very nice atmosphere, great for a date.
There is a reason this place has been around for so long, great food and very good service. The staff has always been good, I never had a bad experience while dining at Malees. Would recommend to anyone who likes Thai food. Parking in front usually.  Prices are not cheap, but not pricey for Scottsdale or such good quality. Portions are good, had leftovers.笑
Every time we visit Phoenix -- well, Scottsdale -- we pay a visit to Malee's. Having been raised in the East Bay, I know Thai Food. So, here in Scottsdale, there is no better place to Thai one on than Malee's. Our last stop at the Bistro, we ate al fresco and had not noticed that the portable space heater had set the roof alight.

My wife enquired about the smoke and the smell of rich dark wood. I commented that the soup on which I was slurping was famous for its rich and smokey aroma. It wasn't until we became covered in ashes that my assertion came into question. Hard to get out of that one!笑
we to the amazing Thai bistro on a Friday night. the food was great. i had gluten free seafood curry. very spicy. we had a large party and they were very accommodating. we sat at the bar waiting for our friends and some how they handed out free shots! bonus for my friends that drink. 
i will be going back and enjoying this great place! they do have a gluten free!!!!笑
Taste - great
Service - great
Parking - 3 hour free street parking. Great
Ambience - good enough 
Price - around $15 per person笑
The fried spring rolls were ok but I loved the basil chicken eggplant dish and the short rib massmun curry.笑
I really enjoy Thai food and after two weird carry out orders from here I'm calling it quits on malees. I really like Thai noodles and have gotten drunken noodles many places, but malees is the only one that uses overcooked, gummy, skinny egg noodles with hardly any sauce and raw chopped tomatoes (and no other vegetables, unless you count limp bean sprouts). I will suck it up and deal with the bad service at the place around the corner before coming back.笑
I have been going to Malees for about 8 years now and love it!.   I always get the Basil Chicken 90% of the time.   Love the Flavor.  I also love the Drunken Dragon Noodles.   I was in Bangkok just a month ago and Malees is right up there with the Real stuff.   I do miss the Desert Ridge Location but the food is consistently good at the original place.笑
I was so pleasantly surprised by the experience I had last night at Malee's. I was expecting your typical Scottsdale crowd, prices and wait staff, but what I found was exactly opposite. 

When me and the lovely CP entered, we were warmly welcomed by the hostess. This shocked me since most times hostesses are snotty as can be. We were seated in a large, comfortable booth and immediately greeted by our waitress, Angel. 

Angel was also extremely friendly, accommodating, had a really good knowledge of their offerings and provided really great service. 

I was extremely impressed with the prices. We got two meals, two beers and a glass of wine for under $40. 

I really enjoyed the dishes, and they were plated well. We got the yellow curry with tofu (+ tofu at no extra charge is awesome!!) and the Hippy noodles with tofu. Both were extremely flavorful and perfectly spiced. 

The ambiance was great, the food was great, the service was great and the prices were great. I have no complaints and I will be back for sure!笑
I love this place!  The service is good.  But, the yellow curry, pad thai, and crispy basil chicken are all fantastic.  I've tried a few other highly rated Thai restaurants in the Phoenix-metro area, but none match Malee's in atmosphere or food.笑
I would give this a 4.5 and we have had 4 meals here. We went for dinner before Thursday 'S Art Walk. We did 3 appetizers with one main. The Thai kisses were very good and we dipped in the sauce  that it came with. Our main was the Chinese sausage chow main.  I love that sausage. We finished the meal with the home made Thai coffee ice cream.... so full of flavor. Really笑
YUM!  Seriously?!  Yes, this place rocks.  Love the food here.  Great environment -- soooo glad that I have friends who live in the area who took me to this fab place so long ago.  Was just there this past weekend and missed out on another mouthwatering meal, was terribly bummed.  Most definitely going again next time I'm in town!!!!笑
I am surprised of so many high ratings for this place. Food is over seasoned with salt, medium heat means mild to them. I had chicken lettuce wrap, it was so salty I stopped eating it after two spoons, the lettuce was wilted I would guess at least a week old. Appetizers were uber greasy, your regular commercially made and frozen spring rolls with commercial grade takeout style sweet and sour sauce. It's fake food. Our server was friendly and attentive. The place is not that clean, I wonder what their kitchen looks like! (it doesn't matter, we are not going there again).笑
Love, love, love this place!  Have been four times and have had a wonderful experience each time. Great for two people or large groups; for meat-eaters, vegetarians, vegans, and they also make gluten-free dishes at request. Plus, you can get a "small place" instead of a full plate, which is great for individuals who aren't doing "family style" dining. Always had great service and I've never ordered a dish (or drink) which wasn't one of the best of it's kind I've had anywhere (and I've had a lot of Pad Thai dishes!). My favorite, so far, is the Crispy Basil Chicken. Oh yea, and both sticky rice deserts are worth trying, if you still have space.

For attire? Feel free to dress up or down. People show up casual and ready to go out on the town.笑
3.5 with the possibility of upping a star with a second visit.

I had the spinach chicken and wow was that big, the chicken was nicely grilled and was over fresh plain spinach. Over the warm chicken was a warm thick peanut curry sauce that was garnished with a few raw red pepper strips making it sort of like a salad. I asked for a spice level of hot but to me it tasted medium. It was good and tasty   and I took half home.

My husband had a cup of soup that had good size pieces of dark meat chicken in what seemed like a home made stock with what I think was lettuce in the soup. He ordered the cashew chicken extra hot but thought it seemed just hot. I tasted the cashew chicken and thought it seemed oily but OK.

I liked that they offer white or brown rice.

But the ladies room was not pleasant due to a pig woman that came by before me so I left quickly. I guess she had BROWN rice.笑
Me and the lovely went here on a Groupon buy and I so wanted to love it. Sorry to say we did not. We were seated by a very friendly host, next to a map of Thailand painted on the wall and the bar opposite. I felt a little like I'd been put in the back 40. 

Waiter was nice but a little clueless; I asked for a reco on what the house did best. He totally stammered and stared at his feet and finally said 'a lot of people get the whole fish'. Not wowed. A nice wine list helped but I have had better Thai food elsewhere. No kefir lime leaves in the Panang, no fresh basil...I get it was their version but I didn't think it was great and neither did the lovely. To top it off, stammering waiter man/boy brings the check and says did you want anything for desert? Um. No thanks. 

It would have been a pricey meal had we not had the Groupon [$40 food for $20]. $52 plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere? I say, meh.笑
Fantastic Thai restaurant with delightful flavors. I ordered the clams as an app and it was a nice portion with a curry flavor. It was tasty but I prolly wouldn't order again, more of an Indian curry than a coconut curry. My colleague ordered the crab Rangoon and those were good. My entree was cashew beef and it had a firey spice, I ordered 4 out of 5 which apparently was Thai hot. It was still good but spicier than my taste buds prefer. Great variety and delicious dessert which I ordered coconut ice cream. I would have preferred the ice cream to be freshly scooped and not scooped and frozen in the cup. It definitely tasted frosty from the freezer-exposed. Still yummy but slightly odd.笑
Horrible. I've had better Thai food in Mexico. 

Really bland. Only flavor was ketchup. Terrible.笑
Food is always yummy! Service is always great. Water never runs empty. Not THE best Pad Thai I've ever had, but it is good :) would recommend giving it a shot when in Old Town.笑
In town for business, I picked this place based on other's reviews.  It was strange to be in an Americanized Thai Restaurant.  I've always had the best experiences in traditional, shopping center or strip mall Thai spots but thought since I was in Scottsdale, I would try mainstream and wasn't impressed.  

I order the veggie summer rolls with smoked tofu (which I've never seen on a menu), thinking it would be nice to try something new.  The portion size was good, however, it was mostly glass noodles and lettuce with once slim piece of tofu and minimal carrots.  The peanut hosin sauce was pretty good, but tasted of BBQ sauce more than peanut.

I chose the Arizona Heatwave as my main entree with fried tofu and medium hot.  The spicyness of the dish was pretty good however, there was more curry sauce than anything else in the bowl.  I'm accustomed to getting large chunks of peppers, onions, bamboo shoots and carrots but there were hardly any vegetables besides celery.  Tofu was plentiful but I ordered the dish for the veggies.

I'm thinking I may have gone here on an off night because the meal didn't live up to my expectations based on other's experiences.笑
Amazingly fresh and you can order right from Yelp . The taste of the Tom ka! Way up there and out of bounds flavor笑
There's thai food and then there's Malee's.  Yellow curry is pretty much yellow curry but their Coco Chili Fish has to be one of  the tastiest things that has been pulled out of the ocean.  This has to be what Captain Ahab was looking for before he got sidetracked by that stupid whale.

The perfect end to a Thursday evening spent walking amongst the art in Scottsdale.笑
I had the spicy Red Curry and my son had the Beef Broccoli.  The Beef Broccoli was not our favorite as it was sweet.  We also shared the appetizer platter - it was ok, however the spring rolls were amazing.  The red curry was good, although not the best I've ever had, kind of thin sauce, but the spicy kick was good.笑
A woman over heard me talking about going to Old Town Scottsdale. She mentioned this Thai restaurant has been around for 16 years and handed me a business card. My aunt and I had a hour to spare before the Art Walk started so we decided to try this place. 

Thai Ice Tea (5 stars) - Its my go to beverage choice at any Thai restaurant. This one was perfect. The milk and tea was balanced and wasn't excessively sweet like others. 

Crispy Basil Chicken (4 stars) - It was very tasty with good spiced flavor. It had a lightly crisp texture on the outside. This entree came with rice and, and we chose brown rice (3 stars). 

Pad Thai (5 stars) - This is one of the best Pad Thais I've ever had.  It was flavorful, and every bit was scrumptious with shrimp and a generous amount of chicken.  You can choose the spicy level for all dishes. I chose medium, and it packed a satisfying kick. I don't think I would be brave enough to try very spicy. 

Thai Tea Mousse with Raspberry and White Chocolate (3 stars) - Unfortunately, there was no Thai tea flavor. It was was raspberry mouse with some white chocolate chips. I was disappointed. 

Service (3 stars) - The staff was nice, but our server just did not know the dishes very well. It's my dining pet peeve when a server does not know the menu. My aunt and I asked for suggestions like if we should choose between a small or full portions. His answers were not helpful. 4 stars for the rest of the staff and 2 stars for our server = 3 star average. 

It's a great place to dine especially on Thursdays before the Art Walk since it's surrounded by the art galleries.笑
Overall, ok. 

Dishes ordered: Beef Short Ribs Mussamon Curry: Super delicious. One of the pricier items - don't know if it's worth it, but the meat was definitely perfectly cooked. Pad thai: This wasn't traditionally made... It had like an interesting BBQ-like sauce... making it not so pad thai tasting. Ok, I guess. Evil Jungle Princess: We ordered it because of its peculiar name Not a huge fan - the curry was semi-sour flavored, which was weird to me... but edible still. Fresh Summer roll: It hit the spot for a refreshing appetizer. Thai tea: Too sweet.

Friendly waitress. I disliked all the hovering though. Staff were overly attentive, so our waters were filled every 5 minutes, and it got annoying to me having to move out of the way and having a person reach over me to fill a still half full glass. Also, as each dish was done, they were quick to take it away. So if you can imagine by the end of our meal and the 7 of us finishing each dish one by one, they'd be back every ~3 minutes to take away one plate/fill a glass.笑
my favorite thai place in america.

beautiful ambiance, great food with fresh ingredients.  attentive service.

more expensive than a typical neighborhood carry-out place. but well worth it.笑
Wow....

As picky as I  am for Thai food, I must say that Malee's makes one of the best and most fragrant red curries I've ever had.

Based on my friend's recommendations, I tried the Arizona Heatwave with chicken which is a red curry with a variety of sauteed vegetables (water chestnuts, broccoli, bell peppers, celery, carrots).

Not wanting to venture into the Thai hot territory, I ordered my dish just regular spicy and it was delicious. The balance of flavors was just spectacular and the amount of food was plentiful.

I also like the fact that they do not charge extra for brownrice which we had plenty of.

The service was impeccable and never missed a beat. Prices may be a little higher than average compared to other Thai restaurants. However considering the quality and amount of food, no complaints here.笑
I was introduced to Malee's many years ago and impressed on the first visit by trying the Crispy Basil Chicken; the dish offers a unique take on an asian fusion "red chicken" classic with a tangy and subtle sauce.  I have since expanded to trying many items on the menu and have continued to be impressed.  For those that enjoy seafood the Crispy Mango Fish is awesome; the sauce is sweet and spicy, making the dish a real treat.

Bottom Line: Malee's is an excellent find, offering an upscale environment in old town at a reasonable price.  The interesting menu doesn't miss a beat and offers something new to please the palate every time (if you can get away from a few mainstays).  The professional service also adds that extra touch, which is necessary to make it a solid 5 star.笑
Great food, great service (thanks Kevin), just a good all around long time great downtown restaurant.  I could go on and on, but just read the other reviews.

Oh-and they have great local craft beer, from Phoenix Ale Brewery.笑
It is Thai food in Scottsdale.  However, usually, the pad thai is good.  Not in this case.  We expected americanized thai food based on its location here on Main Street.  This was confirmed by seeing Vietnamese spring rolls on the menu.  Overall, the food is too salty and too saucy.  The service is good and fast.  The ingredients are fresh.笑
We had a great dinner here on Saturday night. We didn't have a wait but I would recommend you make a reservation on a weekend night.

Food was good. Thai chicken lettuce wraps were underwhelming. But everything else was good. The phad see ew (hippy noodles) with chicken was delicious as was the Josephine fried rice.笑
A very fine Thai restaurant in downtown Scottsdale, I had -- *had* to have, really, given the name -- the Evil Jungle Princess, and was not disappointed; my low-carb diet restricts a lot of Asian food from my menu, so it's nice to have something that isn't larded with rice or noodles.

The only downside we experienced was the intense noise inside because it was Art Walk Thursday, and all the neighborhood eateries were packed.笑
I've been to Malee's three or four times, and each time I left full, satisfied, and feeling a lovely burn in my mouth.  Being in love with the Chicken Panang, it is the only dish I have ordered, but I have had bites of the Drunken Dragon Noodles, Crispy Basil Chicken, and Tamarind Chicken, and they are all exceptional - especially when made Very Hot or Thai Hot.  Service has always been efficient and friendly and the atmosphere is nice.  If I lived closer I would visit more often, but the trek to Scottsdale and the higher-than-average price make it easy for me to save Malee's for a monthly trip.  If you haven't been yet, you should.  Your mouth will thank me!笑
The consensus at the table was that this was the Best Happy Hour food we have had in town. And given the great places we have reviewed, that is saying a lot. But it in not just hype, try it yourself and let us know what you think. You won't be disappointed. One of the first things to catch our eye was the 'Choose Any 3 for $20 Special'. We had a hard time deciding on just three but finally selected the Pad Thai Noodles, the Chicken Panang and the Bombay Curry. No regrets here, all three small plates were delicious. The Pad Thai was flavorful, the Bombay Curry was an assortment of veggies in a creamy yellow curry and the Chicken Panang was chicken in a kaffir lime curry with carrots and bell peppers.

Read the entire review here...http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=787笑
Definitely one of the best Thai places in greater Phoenix!  I've loved everything I have ever ordered, plus solid service and nice ambiance.笑
Alright, I was up in the Phoenix area from Tucson for an overnight trip and I had some time to head to Scottsdale for a bite to eat.  Used yelp to find this joint and, wow, what a fantastic meal.  I went for the "fish candy" which was spectacular, but go for the half plate.  Plus, they have Anchor Steam in bottles!  I can never pass that up.笑
Food was decent but not amazing while the service was pretty slow.  Atmosphere was rather stale and uninteresting so I'd recommend take-out.笑
Malee's is one of my favorite restaurants in The Valley. It's the type of place we need more of; good, friendly service, tasty ethnic food, and a very urban feel that might make you forget you're in a suburb.

Everything I've ever had on the menu has been delicious, and the interior is comfortable and cool. The best thing about Malee's is that it's hip without trying to be.笑
Our first time. Ambience is great but noisy during lunch hour. Sitting out is the best option. Food was okay. I'm an ardent Thai fan so had to visit this restaurant.笑
COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!

After my disappointing experience with Malee's at Desert Ridge several years ago I pretty much wrote the chain off.

That is, until I was with a few friends on a Sunday evening looking for a bite to eat after visiting the DBG for the Chihuly exhibit.  The four of us decided on Thai & our friend that was driving mentioned Malee's.  We all agreed to give it a try after we realized that the other mentioned options were closed on Sunday evening.

To start, Malee's atmosphere was not bad.  The dinning room was clean (or seemed so) & was well decorated for a Thai restaurant.  The service was marginal...  Our server proceeded to explain all of the specials, all of which he pretty much said were not good.  Pretty strange, but I always appreciate the honesty, but needless to say, we ordered off of their regular menu.

The food...  The food was OK, nothing special.  I absolutely LOVE great Thai food, however, this was not much better than what you would be served at a Chinese restaurant.  Presentation was great, but the food was missing the real Thai flavors & covered with tons of sodium-rich sauce & oil.

For those of you who rave about this place, try Thai Lahna or Thai Rama for excellent authentic Thai cuisine.

Back to the COCKROACHES IN THE FOOD!!!

After the four of us had our first serving of food with rice, I went in for another serving of rice from the community bowl to try my partners dish.  Amongst the rice was a "friend" looking up at me, a COCKROACH.  Although I am vegetarian, the fact that an animal was in the rice did not freak me out.  Cockroaches, however are not a sign of cleanliness in a restaurant.  I already had my concerns after visiting the restroom to wash my hands before dinner, what a freaking mess!  But that's another show...

After finding the cockroach in the rice, I brought this to the server's attention, trying not to make a scene & upset my friends who had all already eaten from the rice bowl.  I requested a fresh bowl of rice & explained the problem.  He saw it & agreed to bring a new bowl, which he did shortly thereafter.  

One big problem that I have with Malee's is that we did not receive any sort of apology for being served a COCKROACH in our rice.  I was not looking for a free dinner, but an apology was in order for such a disgusting situation from both the server & a manager/owner would have been nice.  Obviously the server & or management did not care that they served us a COCKROACH in our food.  Obviously the management/owners DO NOT CARE about sanitation.  Obviously the management/owners DO NOT CARE about their customers health & well-being as long as they get their money.

Needless to say, I will never go back here again.  If you are looking for a good, authentic, sanitary Thai feast, try Thai Lahna or Thai Rama.笑
Love this restaurant, even if they are busy they treat their clients well. Once seated the wait usually isn't too bad for the food to come out. I've never had a bad meal here and the staff is always friendly which is important as it effects the dining experience.笑
We love the Krispy Pla- it's a breaded fish with a sweet sauce. It's so good and sweet I could eat it for breakfast. The Tom Ka Gai is really good here as well. They never let your drink get even close to empty even when you order water. Super nice staff.笑
Malee's single-handedly changed my feelings about Thai food. I used to not be a big fan, and ever since I tried Malee's I can't get enough. Their food is delicious, they use high quality ingredients, and they give you your money's worth! Some plates can be made into "half orders" which are still huge (I can't finish them even sometimes) and even the regular sized portions are well priced. The atmosphere is nice, as it is located in Old Town Scottsdale which is a cute little area and a nice place to have a meal. I reccomend the Drunken Dragon Noodles (for you spicy lovers!) or the Panang Chicken. Spinach Chicken is also delicious.笑
Definitely the best Thai place in Old Town. Always good service, never a wait, was quick for take out too. My favorite thing is the chicken panang and my boyfriend likes the yellow curry. We tried the Siamese kisses last time too and those were great. Everyone always seems to be ordering those giant pots of soup so that's on my list to try next time. Huge portions so you'll have leftovers or you can share. They also had a deal last summer for like $3 vodka drinks which is a steal. It isn't that cheap but it's worth it. I wish they delivered.笑
The green and yellow curries were very salty and watered down. Was pretty bummed out that we got this disappointment at an unreasonable cost.笑
This place is still as good 10 years after I started eating there. It has become a go-to whenever I'm back in Phoenix and is the benchmark against all Thai restaurants. You cannot go wrong here. It is amazing. Also, start with a cup of the Tom Ka Gai soup. The flavor profile is out of this world.笑
I had heard this place was great so I was I was excited to try it!  Very sorry to say I was very disappointed!  I love Thai food and spent several years in Thailand.  If you want REAL thai food don't go here.  If you want Americanized Asian dishes you might like this place, maybe.  The som Tom and Tom ka gai were horrible!  Food was brought out cold and then they brought out a small bowl of white rice and said that it was all the white rice they had left!!  What kind of Thai restaurant runs out of white rice!!!  The only  good thing about our dinner was the service was pretty good and the waitress was very nice. We will not return :-(笑
Was alright. Was quite good, but we've eaten better thai food. Portions are quite large, almost everyone left with a box. We ordered 'regular' spicy level but that was quite spicy! The arizona heat and the panang curry had the same color sauce/gravy - maybe they added some color? I was hoping for more coconut milk in my curry though!笑
While the food was delicious, service was probably one of the worst I've ever had. The two of us arrived at 8:20, approximately 40 minutes before they closed, and the waiter was very friendly. He came over filled our drinks and gave us time to figure out what we needed to order, but after that we only ever saw him when he brought our food and finally brought us our bill 20 minutes after we were finished. Not once did he see how our meal was, refill our water, or see if we'd like another glass of wine.
Right before he brought our bill, we also showed him the "25% off between the hours of 8 PM and 9 PM, Monday through Friday" deal on their Yelp page. A few minutes later, the manager came by to tell us that the coupon was not valid, that it'd expired 5 months prior, and that it wasn't his fault that the coupon was still up. His demeanor was fairly rude and the fact that he said it's Yelp's fault and not the restaurant's for not managing their own account properly really rubbed me the wrong way. After telling us he could only give us 10% off, the waiter let us know he ended up being able to give us the full 25%, however, it obviously seemed like a burden for them to have done it.
I had stopped in Scottsdale for only a few hours to just have dinner with my friend, and I was very disappointed with our experience. Will I return to restaurant? Maybe during lunch time when there's more customers and different wait staff, but I'll never go out of my way to eat here again, and especially not for a two hour visit. I expect more from a restaurant located in such a prime location.笑
We came in on a rainy night which is unusual because it never rains here in Az. Anyways they had a leak in the ceiling in the dining area, and a bucket sitting in the main walking area. The hostess tried seating my husband and me at the table that was right next to the bucket & leak! We asked if we could please sit away from it and she was okay with that, I think? lol My husband ordered the chicken curry with mild spice and it was okay. I ordered the papaya salad which is always my favorite when I go to a Thai restaurant it was very good! We had the chicken satay with peanut sauce for our appetizer, and it was delish. I ordered the Burma Gai which was actually a lot yummier than the curry. Check them out.笑
Great thai food. I ordered the vodka colada, coconut shrimp,  tom ka gai for the table, and the slow roasted duck curry as my entree. Everything we tried was delicious. The tom ka gai was spicy just enough heat to the warm the back my throat. The service is nice and prompt.笑
We arrived close to closing (an early 9pm) and got a perfunctory 'you'd better order right now' from the hostess.  A scowling white guy was checking something on a monitor as we walked past the entrance, and as we are seated I notice a row of dirty glasses left on a window ledge at our table.  I get a very un-Thai like calimari salad that is only mildy interesting, while my gf has something I ate a lot of, but cannot remember.  For a restaurant with a higher price tag than other local Thai places, and a very nice address smack in the middle of Old Scottsdale, I would have expected more.笑
Yes my favorite place.  I first went there when it opened 20 years ago.  Still it's always consistent, always just great!  The thai tea is a gotta have.  I like the Tom ka gai soup.   THe clear noodles are my favorite.  I can never pronounce it, and just go with the waiters recommendation if you don't understand.  I like a little spicy, so just let them know how you want it.  I highly recommend this place.  Give it try....笑
My experience was AMAZING. Our party of 13 had EXCELLENT service. It was on par with some of the 5 star restaurants I have ate at. The waiter was very attentive and made all our special requests. He answered "my pleasure" for all our needs. He was excellent. I wish I can remember his name. 

The food reminded me of some of the excellent Thai restaurants I have ate at in NY, CA, and MI. I highly recommend the braised short ribs in curry sauce and the chicken paneer.  The only complaint our table had was we requested MEDIUM to HOT and received MILD for all our dishes. It was a quick fix because they had a generous portion of Thai chili peppers and Siracha sauce at our table. All 13 dishes came out at once and everyone loved what they ordered. 

I am definitely returning to Malees!笑
Surprisingly good Thai food. Probably one of the best tom ga I've had...not what i expected for Arizona..haha. I guess that's a good thing. Probably one of the best tom ka gai I've had. Very flavorful and right amount of spice. Prices are decent and location in Old Town Scottsdale can't be beat.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Old Town. If you're a newbie to the Thai food scene, I'd suggest trying Malee's on for size.

Everything I've ever ordered on their menu is quite tasty - one of my faves is the Pad Thai. 

Service is impeccable and always aims to please its patrons. 

Love their intimate, outdoor patio also.

Lastly, love those long, tube-shaped candies as you exit. :)笑
The food is wonderful!  If you like spicy Thai food, you have to eat here.  There is good variety in the dishes and each dish can be ordered not so hot, hot, very hot and Thai hot.  If you're a real heat junkie (Not Me!) you can ask for Chef Hot (Not Listed on the Menu).  The wait staff will probably ask you if you're sure and do be sure because it will put hair on your chest whether you're male or female.

All of the appetizers are excellent but the one that I have to have every time I go is the tom kha gai soup.  I've had good tom at other places, but at Malee's it's a signature dish.

It doesn't look like much from outside, a little hole in the wall place amongst the upscale Main St art shops.  The decor inside is fine for my taste but isn't high brow by any stretch.  The prices are very reasonable with dishes ranging from $10 to $20.笑
I didn't expect to find one of my favorite Thai places in Old Town Scottsdale. Excellent food and great service. The tofu and spinach dumpling is my favorite appetizer. Among the entrees, I have tried the vegetable Arizona Heatwave and Bombay Curry, both are delicious! Their curries have the perfect balance of sweet and spicy with a medley of fresh vegetables. They are very generous with their portions, and it's definitely worth it to pay a couple dollars more for the large size. You should also try some of their specialty cocktails, I would recommend the Thai Tea Margarita. The mango with sweet sticky rice is also a great dessert to end on.笑
My review:  the restaurant  is pleasant, but very Americanized, probably targeted toward the tourist population.  No pix of the King and Queen, which normally would have caused me to turn around and leave, but we were starving. My companion merely wanted some Khao Pat Thai (Thai fried rice), but they didn't have it on the menu and couldn't make it.  Really, you cannot make a basic staple dish of Thailand? So he ordered Paad Thai, another staple, which should've been simple-but what he got didn't even resemble  Paad Thai, it looked like some messy noodle dish doused in BBQ sauce. How can you mess up Paad Thai?  Makes me think the cook isn't Thai.

I had duck noodle soup, which actually was quite good, so no complaints there and can recommend it.

For some reason we were served brown rice, not jasmine rice, odd.

Also ordered the summer rolls, which primarily consisted of dry rice noodles, very very bland and I don't recommend.

Overall a negative review...never had to give a Thai place a bad review...but this is not a particularly "Thai" place.


Companion's comments:  
Recommended by employees of a local Asian grocery store so thought it should be decent. First indicator of bad was no picture of the Thai king in the restaurant.  I have been in Thailand and have expectations when I eat Thai food.  The  Pad Thai I had had a BBQ flavor and look to it.  By far the worst Thai food I have had. I would have done better getting an instant Thai meal at the grocery store.  The service was lame, I had to ask for a refill of water to down the BBQ flavored peppers. The waiter never came back except for the check. The bus boy paid more attention to the guests table than the waiter.

If you  are looking for the regulars found in a Thai menu, you will see a bastardized version thus westernizing the food and not particularly authentic.笑
This is a nice place with great seating in or outside. staff was nice. Being from NYC, where there is a Thai place every few steps in any direction I think I've gotten a bit jaded in that my palate has a sort of expectation. For me, It was just OK, but like I said I've tried a ton of Thai places in NYC and there is a certain level of expectation. Nonetheless, if you are in the area of old Scottsdale you should try this place out.笑
The Tom Ka Gai soup is so flavorful, I have gotten it every time.笑
Found this place on Yelp and glad I did. We ordered the rib appetizer, which was good but not great. The sauces made the dish, however. For dinner, I ordered the Peppercorn Shrimp and Calamari. It was incredible. I highly recommend it. I couldn't stop eating it, and the portions were so huge, I had waddle out of there! The waiter was very nice and attentive. All in all a great experience. Go to Malee's. You'll love it.笑
Few of us landed on sunday afternoon very hungry from  sedona roadtrip. This was my second time in last 2 years here , and I observed same excellent service, delicious menu without any surprise. 
My favorite frunken dragon wraps, jalapeño fried rice, and hot Tom yum soup!!!笑
Awesome food, awesome service! The beef is tender and all the flavors are outstanding. I loved my pad see ew dish. My waiter was clean cut with tattoos and was probably the best waiter I've ever had, but I can't remember his name. Can't wait to go back to this place next time I'm in Old Town!!!笑
It really pains me to give this place such a low review, but our experience today went from good to poor in a matter of an hour.  We walked into an empty restaurant around 3:00 this afternoon and were immediately greeted by an Asian man who was very nice.  The inside of this restaurant is very nice and very clean.  A nice guy filled up our water glasses and then we waited for our server to come.  About 4-5 people came in right after us and were also seated.  However, our waiter, Kevin, serviced the other two tables before us, even though we had come in first.  He finally came over to us and took our drink orders and appetizer order.  We received the appetizer and then he asked what we wanted for our meals.  After giving him our order, we started eating the appetizer which was a sampling of 5-6 items and it was delicious.  We then received our entrees (Panang Curry, Yellow Curry and 2 Pad Thai's).  Everything was cooked perfectly and was delicious.  We commented on how this was the best Thai food we have ever had in Arizona and how it would definitely be on our weekly list of restaurants to visit.  I even got ready to announce to all of my "foody" friends on Facebook who live in Arizona that this is a must place to visit.  Kevin did not really check on us after we got the food but did come to our table to bring the bill and box up our leftovers.  Judging by the service we received, I left a 10 percent tip because I felt it was a reasonable amount for the service he provided.  The service was good but certainly not spectacular.  Here's where the experience turned from good to poor.  After I paid the bill, our waiter, Kevin, came up to our table and asked me if there was something wrong with the service/food we received in which I replied, "No, it was good".  He then had the nerve to say to me, "Well your tip was lacking".  My group and I were completely blown away by his response.  For one, it was very unprofessional and two, very out of line.  I have never had a waiter say anything so rude to me in my entire life.  I was shocked by this guy's behavior.  We walked to our car and my group told me to go back and ask for a manager (I am not a confrontational person).  I called the restaurant after we left and asked for the owner, Deidre.  Her daughter answered the phone and said she really is never in.  She took my name and number and after about an hour, Deidre called me back.  She immediately asked how much I tipped then started to say "15% is standard in today's industry".  She also immediately started backing her waiter Kevin up by saying she knew him since he was 2 and that he was the hardest working person in her restaurant.  It is really hard to explain a situation to someone who only sees what they want to see and only hears what they want to hear.  I was ready to just hang up the phone because I really felt I was never given the chance to fully explain my side of the story.  I finally had a chance to explain and even though she said Kevin shouldn't have done what he did, she said she didn't want to pursue this any further.  It really is a shame that Deidre does not care about what her customers tell her.  Without feedback from customers, how do you expect to fix/remedy customer service issues?  I normally tip 15 to 20% at certain restaurants when the service is spectacular.  Today's service was not spectacular and there was no way I was going to tip higher than 10%.  I felt like Kevin acted like a spoiled brat and should really be ashamed by what he said to me.  There are so many other restaurants in Scottsdale who care about their customers and want to make things right.  We will not be returning to this place.笑
Thai fusion is more like it.

I love Thai food but Malee's is more Thai fusion.  Don't come here if you're looking for authentic Thai food. The food is alright, there are dishes on the menu that you won't find in normal thai cuisine like the Crispy Calamari Salad, although it was good.

They pump up the AC so the room is freezing and I think the building is old because the acoustics are awful. You can hear every conversation in the room and it's all echoing so you won't be able to hear yourself think!

If you don't mind less than average Thai food, freezing conditons and lots of noise than Malee's is the place for you.  I probably won't be back...笑
The Tom Kha soup is amazing!!! Pad thai had good flavor too, except that the sauce did not have the usual peanut flavor to it even though they sprinkle it with crushed peanuts. We will definitely try them again.笑
Just ate here last night for a Girl's Night Out. I admit, I was uber skeptical when the bestie said Thai.  So happy I put on my big-girl-panties and went along.

I ordered the Hippy Noodles and they were FAB! The served offered the tofu smoked or fried and I went with his recommendation of fried (not my best choice).  But the rest of the dish... wow.  It was one of those meals that I once I took the first bite, I didn't look up until I had shoveled all of into my face. After finishing almost the whole plate, I was satisfied, not full or uncomfortable.  That's the great thing about it - it was light and I could enjoy more than three bites.  :)

Tasted my girlfriend's Jalepeno Fried Rice, which was also totally d-lish.  Someone else ordered the Glass-something Noodles and said they were awesome as well.  She added chicken.  The other three girls all ordered the Chow Mein, and said it was good, but no specific comments there.

It's at a great price, with an awesome & attentive staff.  The ambience is perfection and the location can't be beat.  I'm pretty excited to eat here again... just making a mental list of people I can talk into going!  :)笑
Their Tom Yum is incredible!笑
Very nice all the way around.  Nicely decorated, extremely friendly and attentive staff.  Curry is flavorful and the right amount of heat.  Singha beer is a cold and tasty here as in Bangkok; well almost as good as it is in Bangkok.笑
Went to Malee's Thai hands on cooking class and can say that it was both a tremendous way to spend a few hours while in Old Town Scottsdale and have a terrific meal.

First, Chris the head chef and owner Diadre could not of been better hosts and hostesses. 

Second, it was terrific to hand make all our courses, taste them, and then take away what we made from scratch and sit down 10 minutes latter and have a wonderful sit down lunch with 3 wine choices. How much better does it get.

I won't go through each course, but the courses revolved around a lettuce wrap, noodle salad, wonderful fried fish and unbelievable brown rice. Each was joined with 5 to 15 seasonings or spices.

Was all in all a 5 star lunch and strongly recommend
 being part of Malee's email list so you can enjoy the experience yourself!笑
Did you know that Malee's on Main offers cooking classes!?  They offer them twice a month during tourist season and once per month during the rest of the year.  I attended two weeks ago, and it was OUTSTANDING!  Not only did we learn to cook Thai (which, incidentally, it was significant to learn that Thai gets its flavor by layering is sauces), but we were given the recipes for some of the signature dishes, served tastings, a meal, and wine pairings, and we were even given goody bags.  It was a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon with another foodie!笑
Went with another couple on Thursday Scottsdale Art walk. The other couple have been many times over the years, but it was our First time!

I agree with the majority, the food is great! 
The Mango Fish was excellent and I did the Pad Tai with a 2.5 on a scale of 1-5 (5 being the hottest) and it was really a 2.5!! Next time I will crank it up to 3 as there was still plenty of flavor and it was not overpowered by the heat.
 
AND the seasonal drink was a Pumpkin Martini which I would of had a few more of if I was not driving!笑
Their glass noodles are amazing.Food is great, reasonably priced. We love it here.笑
I made my debut tonight at Malee's in Old Town Scottsdale. I had heard several friends speak highly of their food and service. DO NOT MISS MALEE'S. EXCELLENT in all areas. JJ took good care of me, my Seafood Curry had just the right spices, the shrimp, calamari and scallops were fresh & delicious. My Chicken Curry soup to start with provided just the right flavors and was STUFFED with a tasty broth, chicken & a dumplings. SUPERB !!笑
The summer rolls and pandan custard here are really good! I also had the mango sticky rice and drunken dragon noodles. They were pretty run of the mill but you get a decent amount of food with the large. Something not on the menu that I tried doing was taking some of the meat from the noodles and mixing it in with some rice. A cheap rice bowl to go with the main course! Overall I would go back again but mostly for the appetizers and desserts.笑
Stumbled into this place about 10 years ago, thought it was one of the best meals ever. Fast forward to mar 2017, still one of the best meals eber. Great flavors, fair pricing. Only 5 star recently.笑
Thai restaurant? Y'all already know what your girl, Angela ordered. (Pad Thai, of course!) For it being on the Lunch Special menu, it was pretty pricey. $9.99 for a decent portion + choice of soup or salad. I chose and loved the soup, it had a strong ginger taste, and I love me some ginger!

Given it's Scottsdale, where I assume food is a little bit pricier, I won't dwell on the $9.99. But I can honestly say, that the Pad Thai (with shrimp and chicken) was super dry. You could see the clumpy paste of a sauce they put on the dish, and the chicken, yikes! Very, Very dry.

The flavoring was fine, but just toooooooooo dry! I wanted to pour water over the noodles! Towards the end, I was dipping my chicken into my friend's curry as an attempt to soften up the chicken, but it didn't work :(笑
I've seen this place come up on Yelp a lot, especially since it's near where I work, and finally had a chance to take Jon S. out for a sort of going away dinner the other night. I thought to make reservations, which was a good idea because it was very packed on a Friday night. We started with the taste of thai, which is their version of a pupu platter. My favorites were the thai toast and chicken satay. It was a little weird that the fried items were hot, but the pot stickers and siamese kisses were a little warm, but still good. I had the crispy basil chicken (level 3 hot) and Jon had the shrimp stirfry (level 1 hot). When our dishes were brought out, we both loved the flavors, but agreed we needed some more heat, and our server gladly brought out some chili paste for us which did the job. 

It's a very cute restaurant and I'll definitely be back to try some other things on the menu.笑
One of my many favorite places to eat when visiting Scottsdale!  Always good food and service.. love how they turn up the heat on any dish you ask them to.笑
UPDATE: 12/5/14 The owner contacted me after I posted this review and apologized. She offered a gift certificate to make up for the lack of service. It's been three months, and no gift certificate ever was sent to me. Pity...she seemed willing to try and make it up to us, but never followed through. 


Came here a couple of weeks ago. My boyfriend and I were seated at a table that had a half-full glass of wine left on it. When we mentioned it, the hostess looked confused, but took it away.
We were given waters by the water boys who were completely on top of refilling glasses. But we never had a waiter come by to take an order. We tried waving one over, making eye contact, anything- and we were completely ignored.
We even went up to the hostess stand and asked if someone could come take our order after about 10 minutes of this.
No one showed up. Granted, they were busy- but the restaurant was only half full. People who were seated after us were helped. 
We gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left. When we told the hostess why we were leaving she just said "Oh, OK." No apology, nothing. 
I guess we found out why there was a glass of wine left on the table. Someone else probably walked out before us because they were never served!

We used to come here once every couple of months... now, I seriously doubt we will come here again. Pity, because the food and the menu really is good- I would have given it 5 stars. And in the past the service was good too- at least 3-4 stars.笑
Ran across this amazingly delicious establishment during our Wine Tour. Our server "Cat" the owner's niece was excellent! Great recommendations, personable and passionate about her work. Gotta love it. Will definitely be back!笑
Whatever you do, don't get the Tom Ka Gai soup here, because you won't be able to eat it anywhere else without being disappointed!!笑
This was a great lunch stop in Scottsdale while traveling on a business trip to Arizona.  They have a nicely priced lunch menu and the service is fast and the staff very pleasant.  What was also nice was parking out front was very plentiful so there was no hesitation to give the restaurant a try.  If I'm ever back in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area I'll definitely pay it a visit again.笑
I've ordered pick up via Yelp/ApplePay as well as eaten in here - delicious either way! The staff is friendly and the food is so good. They are very careful about food allergies. I've tried several Thai places around PHX and while I think this is the priciest it's my favorite.笑
Thie food here is more Asian fusion than Thai. Great service and summer rolls. drunken noodles a bit too salty and I love salt.笑
This is a really nice Thai restaurant on a festive looking street in the heart of Scottsdale.  I ate here last night while on a first date.  It's a very nice place for a date or an evening out.  Most of the other people in the the restaurant seemed to be paired up, although I'm sure they can arrange for larger groups.  The waitress was very pleasant and attentive the whole time.  All the food was extremely colorful and pleasing to look at, and also very tasty, as were their cocktails..  This place is very good for vegetarians because they have a vegetarian section in their menu, saving the trouble of having to search through the menu looking for vegetarian stuff.  I ordered the Hippy Noodle, which was tofu with noodles and vegetables.  It was really good.  My date had the basil chicken, which also looked really good.  I had the creme brulee for dessert, which was excellent.

I would give this place five stars except that my food was a little too spicy.  They ask you at the beginning how spicy you want your food on a scale of 1-5, and I asked for a 3, which the waitress said was a very tolerable level.  I was expecting a moderately spicy meal, but it turned out to be a little more than that.  I had to take a sip of water after every bite, and my sinuses were about to fire up.  I was on a date so I figured it would be better to eat less food rather than fight through the spiciness and have watery eyes and a runny nose.  Not attractive.  

The whole street is full of art galleries, and it would have been really nice to have been able to walk down the street and browse through them after dinner, but everything on the street closes a little early.  

Overall, this was a really good experience.  The whole bill came out to be $60, and that includes drinks, entrees, and dessert.  I thought it was very reasonable.笑
Went here with a big group over the Thanksgiving holiday. They were very accommodating and sat us at a long table in a quiet area. The food was very good, offering to personalize your choice of heat options. 

We started with some fried Spring Rolls - A Thai vegetarian classic. Flash-fried Asian crepe rolls filled with egg, celery, carrot, glass noodles and Thai spices. Served with malee's own house sweet and sour sauce. I then ordered their Yellow Curry Chicken, the mildest of the curries. Coconut cream, carrots, onions, bell peppers and potatoes and their Drunken Dragon Noodles ( Pad Key Mao)Thai wives revenge on drunk husbands. Rice noodles and minced chicken, tossed with fresh Thai basil and bean sprouts in a light green curry sauté.

Didn't get any pics this time, but I will be going back again...so I'll add them later!笑
We stopped in one evening for takeout and enjoyed the chicken panang and garlic beef and brocolli with sides of brown and white rice.  The order was correct, the staff was nice and the turnaround time was quite quick.笑
We've been twice, the first time was on my birthday a year ago.  My wife and son wanted to treat me to some good Thai, as I used to work in Thailand and I love the food there.

We had a small seating/server assigment issue, but one of the waitresses noticed and got with the owner straight away. She came out, apologized and gave us a bottle of wine on the house, while assigning the excellent and observant waitress to our table of five.

Food was amazing, quite authentic while being presented in a high end manner that I had experienced in very formal restaurants in Bangkok.
ha
We like it so much, we're returning for a third trip this upcoming weekend.  I'll write more about the food after the next visit.

I'll end here by giving my enthusiastic recommendation to anyone who loves authentic Thai food.  The staff and owner work hard to provide good service, and that's difficult to find these days.笑
Mmm delicious! Two words to describe my experience at Malee's. (When people said the name of this place, I thought it was spelled "Molly's" and I thought that was an odd name for a Thai place, but now that I see how it's spelled, it makes sense, lol.) 

Went with two co-workers on my business trip because the one guy used to live here and he took his wife here on a date once and remembered it being good. It was cool to see Scottsdale because for the most part, we were confined to the Phoenix-Tempe area.

Nice decor in here, and we actually ended up sitting semi outside...in their covered patio area.  Wasn't too cold for April.

I ordered the Summer Rolls (yes, I endured some mild-friendly-harassment from my co-workers for taking pics of my food, lol) and requested they add basil to them. They were delicious and filling. The dipping sauce was good but I couldn't eat the other sauce because it was too spicy. My co-workers thoroughly enjoyed their food. I also got a (huge) Sapporo beer. Their desserts sounded good but I was too full to eat anymore! 

Server was awesome and slightly silly. I'd return next time I go to AZ!笑
Nice Thai place right by where I live. Food is good. Not the best, but pretty good (:笑
Malee's is at the top of my to do list when I am in Scottsdale!!!!  Superb food (love the calamari salad), atmosphere and service.  Actually went there two days in a row I love the place so much.笑
I think this is the best Thai food in Scottsdale. Maybe in Arizona.  Had a beef curry stew and chicken curry stew with rice.  Both hot.  And both were delicious.  Doesn't have any overwhelming taste and service was alright.  Maybe cause I was way underdressed for this place.笑
We LOVE this place.  The Crispy Basil Chicken is our favorite!  Jalepeno Fried Rice is amazing  too!  Always nice.  Always fast.  Crave it often!笑
Ms. D. I am not very good with white Wine, the wife enjoyed a Riesling,  I think. The fantastic staff made the suggestion, wife accepted the idea.笑
I never leave bad reviews and I feel bad doing this  but I just spent $20 on takeout that is possibly the worst takeout I've ever had. The pad Thai tastes like spaghetti and meat sauce gone wrong ; I don't even know how that is possible. I can't even finish the pad thai or summer rolls, and I didn't think it was possible to mess up summer rolls . I've never had a meal that I had to throw away ... Disappointed :(笑
This is one of those places that is a hit or miss depending on what you order. You'll be disappointed with the Pad Thai, but you'll love the Crispy Basil Chicken. Please please get the Crispy Basil Chicken. It is overpriced, but does have a great location in Old Town. Mia Tia was fantastic too, huge and tasty.笑
Being from NY our standards are pretty high. The vietnamese rolls were good the sauces with them were.just ok was really looking for the peanut satay sauce crushed peanuts etc...Crispy basil chicken was.very good and the best dish we had. Drunken noodles also good and spicy spicy which I love. The tamarind chicken was the worst dish we had, way too sweet and I know tamarind but just overkill. Food was made in 20 min.笑
First let me say great service!  If you others didn't like it, it's greatly improved. 

Regarding the food I didn't like the Siamese kisses nor the crab ragunes. Although the happy hour 3 some was awesome. Crispy chicken, chic panang, and jalapeño rice.  Lemon drop was really awesome!  
All that said, it was excellent Thai food and we will be back!笑
Great food. I had the yellow curry chicken. Great taste. Their menu is different than your typical thai restaurant. It was more of a thai asian fusion. Beer was $5 I believe. They had a thai and chinese beer to choose from. I checked in on yelp and got 20% discount off the bill so plan ahead!笑
The food here is pretty good! Ordered a sampler platter with different goodies to try--all tasty! Then, also ordered pad sei ew--yum! Only wish the outdoor patio was larger and the overall price of the meal a bit lower.笑
Excellent ambience, great service all around, good portions, beautiful food and great prices. Hands down an excellent place for dinner with friends, family or on a date. My husband and I ordered a variety of foods to taste more dishes and were impressed by them all. We ate 2 entrees, soup, appetizer and 2 beers for $60. 

Enjoy笑
We went here for my birthday dinner,  the food was amazing.  I love Thai food and a friend recommended this place.   The atmosphere is great also.   We stayed with their version of the po po platter,  the appetizers were great,  the entrees tasty笑
What a delight! The food and service are equally wonderful. We had the Thai platter as a starting appetizer to get a sample of all the appetizers   There wasn't one that wasn't great - and the variety of sauces perfectly complemented each unique item. 

Then the fire Thai lettuce wraps were next. The chicken is perfectly cooked with just the right amount of crunch and the sauce had a great heat (we asked for a 4 out of 5).  

Don't miss the star dish - the coco chili fish. I'd read another Yelp review suggesting it -they were right! There's the right amount of coconut flavor blended with the chile heat. I was worried it would be sweet but it wasn't. Fish was perfectly cooked beneath the great sauce.   

Fun drink menu too. 

We can't wait to go again and try more!笑
Food was delicious, nice part of town in the arts district.  Fancy sit down but not too expensive笑
Excellent Thai food. The Tom ka gai was the best I have tasted. Even people in our group that are not crazy about Thai food liked it. The portions are big and service was spot on.笑
Such a wonderfull establishment,
Ive been coming here for more than 20 years and ive always enjoyed my time at this establishment 
And im always  treated like family everytime i come in.
Try the taste of thai and the drunk dragon wrap thai spicy笑
Not good, I got take out from eat24, super disappointed. I got the panag curry, it was bland and salty笑
This was the best meal I've had in a long time! We started with the tom gai (sp?) soup and it was wonderful! So flavorful and delicious. I also had the mango fish which was great too! She told me it was catfish, I had no idea, it was sooooo flavorful! It had a mango salsa on it. My husband had the basil chicken, and that was good too! Our young waitress was very knowledgeable and gave us great suggestions! Wonderful meal and staff!!

UPDATE ON 10/23/15:
Still really good food, the soup is probably the best I've ever tasted! Had the crispy mango fish again and it was good....the ONLY thing I'm going to complain a little bit about is that we decided to go there tonight because on the yelp page, it said to check in for 25% off the bill. When I asked the waiter what I had to do to get the 25% off the bill, he said it expired at the end of Sept. Hmmmmm, it really should be accepted as long as it's on Yelp, or taken off ASAP. It's a little deceiving and I was disappointed笑
Fabulous food every time!! Come once a month to get my fix!! Take my word and stop in for crispy basil chicken and a sake!笑
As a SF Bay Area transplant, I've eaten at many wonderful asian restaurants including, of course, Thai. I 've been to Malee's about 4-5 times now, and each meal has been better than the last. The Tom Gai soup is the best I've had. Some of the other standouts I've had at Malee's include Arizona Heat Wave, which is spicy but not unbearably so. Tender chicken with a red curry base, coconut milk and traditional spices. So rich you will even want to eat it for dessert.  I also loved the Satay. This past Autumn there was a wonderful pumpkin custard for dessert. I was fortunate to take one of their recent cooking classes, taught by their menu designer (who is from Thailand if I recall correctly) and the owner herself. To my delight, I was able to replicate the delicious Arizona Heat Wave at home. But I still plan to keep going back to Malee's whenever possible. Not just for the food; Malee's atmosphere is warm and comfortable with fun exotic touches, and some of the friendliest staff. A great place for people watching, too, both inside and afterwards, while strolling through the art district.笑
We've been going to spring training for 8 years now and have never missed a night at Malee's during that time. The food is always fantastic and they do a mean gin and tonic. Its not a quite romantic setting but the atmosphere is lively and the staff are really friendly. Order anything on the menu and you wont be dissapointed. Only complaint is that there often isn't enough room left for more beer.笑
This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant anywhere!   The food is incredible as is the atmosphere!  The service is also top notch!  I highly recommend their Pad Thai and Tropical Pineapple, but everything I've tried from here has been very memorable!  The portions are large too, which is good since you won't want to put your fork down!  Just beware, once you try Malee's you will start to crave it ALL the time - it's that yummy.  Woohoo! As good as it gets!笑
Awesome Thai!! The red curry is amazing - subtly spicy without sacrificing any of the beautiful flavors. I tried the soup of the day - a simple chicken & cabbage - that was a delight. Plus everyone working there seemed to be the nicest, friendliest person ever. Fast, delicious, priced-appropriately and terrific service!!笑
We stumbled across this joint recently while walking around Old Town Scottsdale.  The Better Half had a craving for Thai Coffee and I used the handy dandy Yelp App to find the nearest Thai restaurant....this was only 1 block away!  I called them and asked if they served Thai Coffee to go.  Once they confirmed that they did, we were on our way.

The Thai Coffee was OK, not the best we've ever had, but average.  It looks like a cool place to have a meal, so we'll be back another time to give it a try.

Return Factor - 60%笑
Just when you thought you can trust a local for advice on nice restaurants, she leads you the wrong way... The counter girl at the spa suggested Malee when I inquired about a nice place to dine at. So, I dragged my coworker to probably one of the worst Thai restaurants I have ever been to in terms of food quality and ruin my foodie reputation.  

The first signs should be been telling.  No Thai or even Asian host or hostess to guide you to the table and this place looked too fancy for some authentic Thai food.  And surely enough, the food sucked! My Pad Thai tasted like Thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce. It was nasty and I am not one to consume unnecessary calories. So, I stared at my Pad Thai for the next 30 minutes as my coworker continued to consume his not-so-spectacular duck curry.  

Needless to say, I'm definitely crossing Malee off my list.笑
I love Malee's....I was sad when the Desert Ridge location closed down.  I would drive an hour to have my favorite soup there.  You have to try the Tom Ka Gai.  I have had Tom Ka Gai at numerous Thai restaurants, but Malee's is by far the BEST I have ever had!  I go there just for a bowl of this soup.  The rest of their food is great too!笑
Malee's has a lot of charm and is located in Old Town Scottsdale, but beyond that, I found it pretty lacking in the great flavor that defines a good Thai restaurant.

I went there recently with a few friends for a birthday party. They were all impressed by the decor and very friendly waitresses, but less than enthusiastic about the prices and size of the entrees. The food appears to be more of a "Thai inspired" New American type place than genuine Thai. The complex, intense flavors that I generally associate with Thai food was muted, if not absent. Nothing was too adventurously spiced or interesting. Also, one of my friends is vegetarian and wanted firm rather than soft tofu. The tofu was definitely firm - it was like a tough, chewy sponge. It may have bounced if we'd dropped it on the floor, but I can't be sure...there were so few pieces in the dish that it would have been a crime to drop any for experimental purposes.

The place is really a lovely option for people who'd prefer Asian inspired dishes in a pretty, nice part of town with lots to do after dinner. For those accustomed to authentic Thai from our favorite hole in the wall places, it just doesn't quite reach high enough.笑
Great place! Love the food, good service- if you want Great Thai,come here! Only thing i wasn't fond of was, it was a tad too dark inside other wise  I would of gave it 5 stars.笑
They served sour cucumbers in their salad. After returning the salad, I later asked the waiter if the kitchen agreed that the cucumbers were sour, and he said that the kitchen thought they were sour too. I thought it was a big deal that the restaurant served sour food to their customers. Apparently, they didn't seem to think so. We barely got an apology. Also, service was slow. The waiter didn't stop by frequently, so I couldn't mention anything about the sour cucumbers until the he bought out the entree 10-15 minutes later. I do not recommend.笑
Love this place! We went with a large group of 18 and our waiter was very attentive and just great! He made everything just how we wanted. The food was amazing! Everyone loved everything that they ordered. It wasn't all typical thai which is why I liked it even more. The location is phenomenal! It is in the art district in Scottsdale and we spent a good amount of time just walking around. We absolutely loved it! The streets were packed and there was a jazz player playing his tunes to add to the ambiance. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area笑
Just as delicious as I remember, it's been a while.
I like my things about #4 Thai hot.
The flavor was a little overwhelming for the TomKaGai soup, so I think 3 could be the good number. It's a very mellow and beautiful soup when there's no heat but I love the chili flavor and it's not too hot. It was so delicious! Had the calamari with a bowl of soup. Very good sauces which when mixed together were AMAZING like my server recommended.
Some sourdough would've gone well with the soup but that's not Thai, is it? HAHA.
Gorgeous presentation with the food, and eating outside is really nice this time of year so DO IT!笑
When I walked through the door and was greeted by an American staff, I knew this wasn't going to be a Thai joint. But I was hungry and we had hungry kids, so we stayed for lunch. Dishes we ordered:

1. Panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery. I felt like I was having soup vs curry

2. Pad Thai - the sauce had a weird flavor that was not authentic to the phad Thai at all. I was confused eating it lol

3. Pad Kee Mao (Drunken noodles) - this is my fav noodle dish of all time. Been eating it my entire life. This was the most disappointing dish we ordered. They used pad thai noodles for the dish, and the flavoring was so off. It was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo. 

4. Sesame chicken salad with noodles. I didn't even care to try this dish. Nothing about it was Thai. 

Overall, the restaurant was clean and had nice staff. However, the food is not quite Thai food. It's Americanized Asian food, that caters to the palettes of those who doesn't know authentic Thai food. Maybe I'm biased because I'm part Thai and grew up eating the real stuff all my life. But I've also had amazing Thai food all over America. The best Thai food is of course in Los Angeles Thai town. Even San Fran, NY, NC, and Portland are few cities that has my fav Thai restaurants. 

Personally, today for me, I just consumed wasted calories lol. I'm still craving my drunken noodles! Once I get home from this vacay, I'm going to whoop it up in the kitchen, true Thai style, with the correct noodles.笑
Fantastic food and great service. The candy fish was exquisite. The pad Thai is also very nice.笑
This is probably my favorite Thai food in town. It is consistently great. The Tom Ka Gai soup is freshly made to order and worth the wait. 

Pad Thai is also a must.笑
Their Tom Kha soup is to die for. Been a customer for over ten years. Great service, awesome atmosphere.笑
Visited Malee's for a date night with my wife. It was as good as we remember it! The food was divine, service impeccable. We started with an appetizer, the Crispy Crab & Shrimp cakes, which were light and perfect as an appetizer. A MUST try! For the main course, I had the Evil Jungle Princess, while my wife had Sweet and Sour Tamarind Chicken. Both entrees were served perfectly, with enough spice tailored to each of our likes. The ambiance is relaxing and friendly, as the waitstaff really works to make sure you're happy! Possibly the BEST restaurant around!!笑
How can you go wrong at Malee's! We decided to go here for dinner for my birthday and since it was in the middle of the week we didn't figure we would have a wait. Well, we arrived at about 6:15 or so and were seated right as we arrived and we kind of already knew what we wanted (or at least I did). We started with a pot of Tom Ka Gai and as always it was outstanding and had enough to take home (SCORE). I ordered the Coco Chili Fish and my boyfriend ordered the Crispy Teriyaki Chicken. We also had brown rice as well. My dish was cooked perfectly. The dish is so filling so I had two more meals for leftovers and my boyfriend liked his but it wasn't his favorite. The chicken was a tad tough for him but still really good. Service was great and food was delicious. I cannot wait to go back (hopefully sooner than later).笑
I had a nice visit to Malee's Thai Bistro.  The dining room I was in was relaxing and enjoyable.  The service was great and the food was tasty.  The food is prepared with a lot of brilliant color.   We had spring rolls for an appetizer.  Next, we had a nice dinner salad with a house made Thai dressing.  Crispy Basil Chicken followed with Evil Jungle Princess.  The food was prepared well with amazing flavor.  Everyone had a nice dining experience.笑
Upscale Thai Food! And awesome! Live in Scottsdale this place is a gem! I have had many things on the menu.  Must try the Thai Wings.  Holy ish they are great! If your a fan of thai hot, this is the place.  The spice is perfect.  I recommend this place if you love thai food! Service is really good, weekend this place gets packed.  Its worth the wait and they definitely know how to get you seated quickly if your waiting.  Its well worth the wait.  This is Oldtowns gem for Thai though!笑
We went to Malee's for a cooking class and lunch where they even had wine tasting during our lunch which was fabulous.  Malee's owner and chef Chris conducted the cooking class and taught us how to make four of their main entrées which was wonderful, educational, extremely delicious and just a great time making new friends.  I would recommend cooking classes at this restaurant any time as well as experiencing great food that they serve daily.笑
This was a place I went to rather frequently awhile back, so this is based on those experiences.  For a long time, I would give this restaurant a 5 star because not only was the food excellent and beautiful, the service was amazing.

But the last few times I went there, whether it was for lunch or dinner, the food was still good, but not extraordinary and the service was really substandard.  We had grown and accustomed from many years of it being awesome, to really not that great.

I've taken work friends, family, friends here for both dinner and lunches and not impressed.  For the money, you're better off going elsewhere.  I do miss the service we used to get here and we've even had birthday parties here (adults), but that didn't matter the past few times.

We now live further, and definitely not the place we would want to come to - Malee's on Main, which is what it used to be called.  Now that I'm remarried, I don't think I would want to waste our money coming here just to test it out since there are plenty of really good Thai places that have much better service along with good food.笑
It's a higher end Thai place that's probably Americanized their dishes, but I still LOVE this place!

Food: 
1) Tom Yum Soup: Always a favorite of mine! I think they give very generous portions of the soup here and the ingredients taste so fresh! The flavor of the soup was spot on!
2) Pad Kee Mao: Noodles were perfect, the taste was amazing! Couldn't get enough of this dish!
3) Spring rolls: fresh and delicious! Really refreshing on a hot summer night!
4) Seafood curry: they use really good quality seafood for this dish, which made the dish taste SUPER flavorful! I couldn't get enough of the curry poured over a bed of rice! YUMMY!

Ambiance: 
More of an upscale, "fancier" place. The place was sufficiently lite but there was a candle on every table for that "romantic" feel. The decor was nice, which made it a comfortable place to dine. It was a little loud, for some reason the noise from other tables carried really well at this place. The BIG mirror in the bathroom is a little creepy, but that's probably just because I've watched way too many horror movies. 

Service: 
Our waiter was the nicest, most genuine guy. He was very attentive to our needs and would always check up on us to make sure we were taken care of. Service was awesome! We tipped extra :)

Price: 
A little more on the pricey side, but it's not CRAZY outrageous. I think it's worth it considering how good the quality and taste of the food was!

Overall: 
I really liked this place, I would totally come back here for a good Thai meal!笑
This is certainly my favorite place in the valley to get good Thai food!  The flavors are fantastic!  I never leave still hungry!笑
My friend recommended Malee's one day for lunch for some Thai food and we have been back 3 times since!  The food is great here and very authentic.  Right in the heart of Old Town, it is 100% fresh cuisine from Thailand.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere.

I never have had Tom Ka Gai soup before but this place makes it phenomenal, its their famous hot and sour soup just bursting of flavors!  I would highly recommend if you like this type of soup.  I also ordered a medium spiced chicken dish with lettuce wraps.  These were tasty but will definitely try some other dishes the next time I go back, which will be soon.笑
Amazing Pad thai! Love this place笑
Malee's is all about the FOOD and Service!!! You don't know what to discuss first.  For any of you that even give Thai Food a thought, start out with the right taste, right spice and atmosphere at Malee's.  The owner is usually there greeting people (we still miss you at Desert RidgeI)
You will not have a bad experience!
If I could give it 10 stars I would!笑
I ordered take out last Friday evening. Food was great. The hostess was rude. If it wasn't for the unwelcoming attitude, I would have given this a 5 star rating.笑
We decided to stop in for the first time late in Sunday evening. 
Got a table immediately and quick friendly service. Waitress was lively, very friendly and helpful. 
Was offered tasters of their beers on tap - which was a nice option! +1 point..
Drinks same pretty quickly after ordering and the wait staff gave us ample time to review the menu.
We ate Thai almost every week back home in Australia and this was the first Thai restaurant we have been too since moving to Scottsdale. 
Appetizer was lovely - great choices and very fresh - it was the Taste of Thai Pupu Platter.
For mains, we had Tom Ka Gai soup with chicken, which was lovely, great flavours. as well as the Massaman curry ribs which were very tasty, but a little fatty (and chewy) and the potatoes were underdone. 
We will definitely go back to try out the other dishes they have on the menu..笑
Still a favorite of ours.  They now have a gluten free menu and were specific to help us due to a gluten allergy.  We have a family group of 7 and all of our items were great, as expected.笑
Accommodated our large group very well! Service was attentive and friendly, with a good sense of humor!
My Thai yellow curry was spicy and flavorful and a great portion size for me to have leftovers. I loved that it came with brown rice as well. The spring rolls were a bit dry and lacked the flavor that I wanted but weren't greasy at all! 
I would return here next time I was in Scottsdale!笑
This Thai restaurant is located in the heart of old town scottsdale. I'm a huge Thai food fan, I went here for dinner with a friend who lives 3 months every year in Thailand.

The food is tasty, but very little seems authentic. The Tom Yum soup that I had was made with Western ingredients (wrong mushrooms, for example), with only a slight nod to the famous soup that I was expecting to taste. I was disappointed. The rolls we had were also very Westernized, and the dish my friend had was almost Chinese. In fact, there's a lot about this restaurant that screams Chinese, and it seems like the attempt at Thai flavors was merely an afterthought.

That being said, the food is tasty, but don't expect authentic Thai by any stretch.笑
Authentic Thai, no.  Tasty food and good times, yes.

When I'm in Scottsdale, for business, one of my clients loves to bring me here for happy hour.  We order up a bunch of apps and whatever bottles of wine the bartender recommends.  The bartender alone gets 5 stars from me.  He's always chatty and remembers our preferences...not to mention he's always got the wine bottles ready for us. 

On our last visit, we had the pla bites, mango spring rolls and basil chicken.  All were good, but nothing to wow me.  I'm not even sure how this place gets billed as authentic.  But hey, I guess I won't knock them.  All I can say is that Malee's serves up tasty grinds, regardless of authenticity.笑
OMG, this place is awesome! When I visit my son in Scottsdale, this is a must to go to every time. I always get that candied fish (can't remember the Thai word for it) The sauce is heavenly. Service is always good. I live in Northern California, and there is no Thai restaurant that can come close to this place.笑
Delicious food! i got the burma gai. It was fabulous! service was great. restaurant is very pretty and very clean! will definitely come here next time i'm in scottsdale!笑
Maybe way back this place was highly rated but In my opinion this place is just ok and would rate it as a low 3.

Pros: 
- cozy and quaint patio seating
- decent number of offerings on the menu
- few asian food choices (non-bar) in the old town area

Cons:
- inconsistent food quality 
- can't execute basics like Pad Thai?
- not really Thai but more fusion/ new american/ arizona/west influences
- prices are on the mid-high side笑
This is very solid Thai food - delicious, creative and memorable. I've eaten here three times now and everything is always spot on.  I've come here on my last three visits to Scottsdale and, I'm contemplating going here again this evening lol.  They can serve up the heat too. The have mild, medium and hot and, "Thai" hot - I love it.  I order the "that" hot but this is NOT for the light hearted.  It'll make you eyelids sweat - that's hot.  :)

I highly recommend this place - don't miss this place if you truly enjoy good Thai food.笑
My wife and I went here during our vacation last week. The food & atmosphere were both very good.

- Tom Kha soup was very good.
- We ordered a duck curry dish that was so-so. I think it was mostly just that we didn't like the duck meat itself, so i'm not going to dock malee's itself for that. I don't have duck often and i forget just how...gamey... it tastes. shocking, i know.
- Service was good

The main street itself was dead that night, but this place was hopping. We didn't have a wait though, and this was on a Saturday night.笑
We like to compare & Malee's certainly has been our favorite! We will return when in town!

Like:
Pad Thai
Exotic rice
Coconut soup
Thai Tea
Ambiance - a bit more formal than most Thai places we've visited

When asked how spicy from 1-5...careful!笑
Great service. The drinks were refilled almost immediately every single time.

I've been here twice now. I honestly am not a huge fan of Thai food, and the Thai food here is not an exception, but I think that Thai lovers will adore this place. The portions are huge and the ambience is great. Great way to top off a night in Old Town.笑
The Tom Ka Gai Soup is del-i-cious! This soup makes me so happy you have no idea. Strange huh? Getting happy over soup - it's just that gramazing.  

**Note: When the staff inquire how hot you would like your meal, (even if you like your food spicy - as I do) reply: not spicy thanks. Rather than enhancing the flavor of the food, (if you order your meal "Thai hot" - I think they have 5 levels and I had ordered "4") it will make you sneeze/cough unceasingly. They pound the food with pepper and your body will violently rebel.笑
Horrible food, poor service and rude manager. We ordered the crab/mango rolls which had no crab.  Chicken in the Penang curry and cashew nut dishes was like rubber and the flavor left much to be desired.  Took forever to bring the bill.  The waitress was awful.  She screamed our business so loud, half the restaurant looked up each time she came by. Will not be visiting this place again.笑
This has to be the most we've ever paid for Thai that wasn't authentic, nor good.

As a San Diegan, I'm spoiled with all the Thai restaurants we have. It's easy to get great, hole-in-the-wall Thai food that tastes amazing. Although I looked at the Yelp page before visiting, I didn't think about the fact that maybe Arizona folks don't know what authentic Thai food tastes like. Besides the fact that much of the usual noodle and curry dishes are just scratching the surface, even these 'basic' dishes had the entirely wrong taste profiles and seemed prepped in the wrong way. 

On that note - of prepping the food in the wrong way - we're pretty sure that the chicken in my dish and the beef in my boyfriend's dish were both cooked ahead of time and then overcooked with the ingredients of the dishes. The meat was bland. I bet if I were to peek into the kitchen, we'd see pre-cooked proteins sitting and waiting to be tossed into the noodle or curry dishes.

My boyfriend's pad see ew was kind of dry. It was a big portion, but just didn't pack the taste we're used to with pad see ew anywhere else. He asked for a 2, which out of a 5 should've been a little spicier than it was. 

My pad Thai had chicken, shrimp, and tofu. The chicken was overcooked, though I liked the shrimp and the tofu. The taste was very off; I couldn't figure out what they must have put in the sauce to make it taste the way it did. It tasted closer to tomato sauce with fish sauce than anything else. I ventured the guess that maybe they're just using packets from a non-Asian store, and my boyfriend thought maybe I could be right.

However, I'm giving the place 2 stars because the service was good, the drink list was varied, and the atmosphere was nice. The gal at the front was nice and I could tell that the employees care about giving their customers a good experience. But it just wasn't authentic, and we were really bummed to pay $15 per dish - easily $4-6 more expensive per dish than a more authentic place - plus drinks for something that so badly missed the mark.笑
Excellent food. This is easily some of the best Thai food in the Phoenix valley. I had the Penang curry, medium spice and tea. The food was delicious. A little on the spicy side for medium spice, but I really liked it. Highly recommended. Lots of people for a Tuesday night - clearly they have a good business. But even with a bunch of people, the service was spot on an no waits.笑
Just finished leftovers from last weekend and was reminded of the awesome flavor of the Bombay Curry. My favorite menu item is the vegetarian Tom Kha Gai - we never have leftovers of that. Everything is fresh and flavorful. The spice levels 1-5 seem to be consistent. The service is always good. This is a good date spot in Old Town.笑
My wife loves this restaurant and I know many friends who love it, too, so I'm sorry I have to give Malee's only 3 stars.  Here's why...  I last visited Malee's for a business lunch with a client.  He is very familiar with Thai food, so he knew exactly what he wanted from the menu and ordered it with "medium" spiciness (also called 2 stars).  We had the salad first, which my client said was good, but not excellent.  Upon trying his meal, however, he said the food was too spicy to even enjoy...far beyond "medium."  It was so spicy he actually would not eat another bite.  The server kindly offered to bring him a different item on the menu, which he accepted, but I felt the damage was already done.  I had recommended this restaurant, and it was a disappointment to my client.  Then, after my client's new meal was delivered, it became very difficult to get our server's attention again.

In the future, I would just keep in mind that Malee's dishes are served spicier than you might normally expect, and then hopefully avoid the experience I had last week.笑
If anyone is going to the Super Bowl, or the next time you are Scottsdale/Phoenix area, make sure you stop by Malee's. It's a "Thai Bistro & Wasabi Room" and was so good, we went back twice!  Make sure you order the tofu spinach pot stickers. This place was full of locals, who always know best.  Very fresh, very reasonably priced. There are two locations--we hit the one in Old Town on Main.笑
I was really, really disappointed with this place. I LOVE Thai food, I would eat it every night if I could. I've been trying every Thai joint within 20 miles of my new abode, trying to find something comparable to the authentic Thai I got in Anthem (of all places). Malees was the worst strike-out of them all.

My first clue should have been when the girl asked "How spicy?"  I replied with "3", as every Thai restaurant I've been to does a scale of 1 to 5.  She responded with an awkward silence and then "... So really hot?"   No... no... just no. 

We had the appetizer platter, which was 6 different things that all tasted the same, save for the crab rangoons, the crispy pla and the evil jungle princess. The fish candy was blah. The crispy pla, as someone already mentioned in another review, tasted like nothing whatsoever, and the sauce was overly sweet; I thought I'd need an insulin shot after 2 bites. The evil jungle princess is one of my favorite dishes, but this one was just not right. It was like they had dumped chili powder into it. Chili powder does not go in Thai food. Do not want. It did NOT mix in with the curry and just burned the s*** out of my tongue. The rice was also very dry.

The bill for this "Oh let's just get Thai takeout" evening came out to $49. $49 for freaking take-out for 2 people. I was kind of shell-shocked; I had added it up at home and it shouldn't have been that much.... but me not wanting to cause a scene, I just paid it. I don't know if they accidentally did "large" portions, but they looked normal sized to me. 
But Jesus Christ, I can pay $25 for two people and get amaaaazing Thai food, so $49 for this lame excuse for Thai was not acceptable. Yes, I realize this is Scottsdale, and I am used to paying more for everything, but this was a whole new level... Especially knowing there is more authentic, less pricey Thai food about 3 miles south of here.笑
Very classy fine dining place in oldtown scottsdale!! Awesome steamed mussels and I tried the Glass Noodles w/ vegetables!笑
A-mazing!!!! So absolutely delicious and tasty. I had the teryaki chicken and it was fresh, crispy and very flavorful. I went with a group of girls for Happy Hour and it was one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I had while I was in Phoenix in July. Just delightful.笑
Went back after a couple of years and still loved it. We have been going to Malee's for over 12 years and love it every time. Love the Pineapple shrimp, the Mango fish and actually everything on the menu is fab. Great service. Great ambiance! Very romantic cozy setting oe even if you are with your family its great!笑
Bursting with flavor is how I would describe this gem in Old Town Scottsdale. We ordered everything mild, but the potential heat at this restaurant can be HOT.  The Tom Ka Gai soup (with coconut milk) was sooooo tasty.  Enjoyed every spoonful.  Summer rolls were served cold with hoisin sauce and hot sauce.  They were refreshing. But my favorite was the Pad Thai noodles. Sweet and spicy and bursting with all those special Thai flavored:) will definitely go back when I visit Arizona again.笑
We had two appetizers and split a soup.  Plenty of food, and very good.  As we get older we eat a little less, so one meal and an appetizer usually does it for us.  Waitress was very pleasant.  Great place to go in Old Town Scottsdale.笑
I would love to give the food 4-5 stars as I have never been disappointed by it, but this review is for the service on this occasion. First we waited 15 minutes to place our drink order, then it took over 35 minutes to get the check from the time that we finished our food and had the leftovers boxed by the busser. 

I should preface this with the server only had 3 tables including ours and was within view of all tables 90% of the time, saw that we were ready and actively avoided checking how everything was while she chatted with other servers nearby. She also was loudly combative with another table that arrived as we were leaving. 

Previous to this, I had only ordered food to go, and that will be the only way I will continue to dine with Malee's.笑
I know the place for several years... Very good food and good service. If you like Thai, this is the best in the area.笑
5  stars for this spot located in Scottsdale, AZ. Good eats with good folks definitely hit up this place if you are in the area and are craving Thai.

my recommendation is if you are bringing a date and want things slightly slower paced ask to be seated in the room with live performance one man show playing oldies on his guitar, all slow paced music, if remember correctly alot of it was spanish love ballads

we asked to be moved cause we did not want to be rude and laugh the entertainer.

Here is what we sampled, mind you we had 5 people with us so we may have ordered a bit much

Exotic Fried Rice - lite, flavorful, well paired ingredients went well with everything we ordered

Burma Gai - standard, not spicy, curry not to runny, perfect to pair with the fried rice

Coco Chili Fish - a bit of a kick but delicious bite on every bite, small breaded pieces of fish with coconut chili, didn't know coconut could be spicy

Crispy Basil Chicken - flash fried chicken with more of that spicy chilli, definite must try

Drunken Dragon Noodles - we had to try it cause it had dragon in it hahaha, spicy heavy, mix of thai basil, bean sprouts, and green sauce, lips were burning but it would sample it again

thai hot wings - slight crunch, piping hot, salty sweet wings got to have more

calamari - standard crunch, chewy center, lightly season

 I know we ordered more but these are the dishes I recall, on a whole surprised the Arizona got a place that serves Thai food that is this good, definite will be back if I am in Arizona.

food ***** surprised and awed
service **** 
price $$
ambiance **** I would stay away from the section where they have a live performer, stick with the section that has no live entertainment, only recommendation if is you bring a date stay in the section of the entertainer, he was singing spanish love ballads from what I recall hearing笑
VERY CUTE thai spot on main st that was able to accommodate our big group! our meal was okay overall but no dishes stood out & food seemed to cater to the American palate

we shared everything family style!
---thai iced tea: WAY too sweet
---pad kee mao: again too sweet but i liked this better than the pad thai!
---pad thai: just okay, really missing those authentic Thai flavors 
---duck curry: not a fan of this tomato based curry, i was expecting a richer flavor
---thai chicken lettuce wraps: chicken was a bit dry
---crispy vietnamese spring rolls on salad one of the better appetizers
---tom yum soup: great for sharing since it comes in a huge pot that is kept warm at the table over a fire

ONE GRIPE (minus one star): my friend ate only a few bites of her vegetarian glass noodles & asked them to box it up to take home BUT THEY forgot and threw it away!! instead of taking it off the bill they still made her pay for half the plate even though she had barely ate any!

NOTE: i guess you can do sake bombs here, because the LOUD group next to us was celebrating a birthday笑
Fantastic food. Enjoyed the Tom yum soup - hot!  Awesome flavors, a bit thicker than what I have had before but thoroughly enjoyed it. 
I had the Pad Tai noodles had tons of chicken and 5-6 shrimp. Usually you wish for more meat - I wanted more noodles !! Sooo good. Also had this HOT. Great tastes. Just the right amount of hot. 
Service was polite and attentive. Definitely on my list of places to return to for TAiI food when I am in the old town area笑
For Americanized Thai, this food was good enough.  None of the main dishes wowed me.  And since we were a group of about 6, we got to try many dishes.  I prefer hole in the wall Thai restaurants with cooks who are actually Asian. 

BUT, the The Tom Ka Gai soup was AWESOME.   Fairly inexpensive for the amount we got.  The Tempura Veggies were also very good....(well the sauce is really what made it very good)

I am only in town for another few weeks and I plan to go back JUST for the soup.笑
One star review, because the service was so lacking on a Sunday night that we left before ever seeing a server. 

1. When we showed up the place was decently busy, but not so busy that they had no open tables, yet we were left standing awkwardly at the reception area while 4 people walked by trying not to make eye contact. I understand your servers are busy, but if you have a group of people up front, it's best not to let them stand ungreeted for minutes on end without acknowledging them. 

2. When we were seated the busser delivers glasses and plates, one of which clearly still has a couple inches of smeared curry on it. When pointed out, he reached over and wiped at it with his finger thinking that would be enough. No, sorry, that's not ok. I found it odd that he seemed annoyed  when asked to get a clean plate. 

3. We waited for ten minutes for anyone else to come take drink orders at the very least. None came, we waited five more minutes. Still nothing, so we left. 


That was the end of our adventure.笑
This place is so quaint and has a great ambience. Our server was very knowledgable and helped us make great choices for our meals. We started with the Thai toast. It was an interesting dish. I don't think I'd order it again but I liked to try something new. I ordered the small chicken panang, wow! I absolutely devoured it!! So hot and delicious flavored.笑
Not good!  I used to eat here regularly but haven't been to Malees in a couple years.  It has REALLY gone downhill.  Bad food, terrible service and an overall disappointment.  :(. Not going back!笑
So I've been to Malee's 4-5 times. It goes without saying, but I love this place.  The location is perfect, the atmosphere is perfect, the ambiance is perfect (especially for a dinner date!), and the pricing and portions are reasonable.

I usually like to try different things on the menu, but since the very first time I've gone to Malee's, I've always ordered the Yellow Curry.  The first time I ordered it, I ordered 4/5 spice.  Wasn't spicy enough.  I felt a minor tingle on my tongue, but wasn't satisfied.  After my second visit, I ordered the same dish, but 5/5 spice this time.  And let me tell you guys... Each time I request 5/5 spice, the waiter/waitress always asks me, "are you sure? you know that's chef's spice, right?" The first time they asked me that, I just nodded my head and secretly thought to myself, "oh please.  I can handle my spice."

And then my yellow curry came out, but it wasn't yellow.  It was red.

The dish is extremely flavorful.  It's loaded with chicken (if you order chicken, obviously), carrots and potatoes.  It's got a thick, creamy coconut base, but it isn't too heavy.  It comes with a side of rice, too.  But most importantly, this dish is ACTUALLY S P I C Y.  My tongue was on fire, I was sweating like a pig, and I actually drank my glass of water.  For those of you who think you can handle spice, I'd definitely recommend trying the yellow curry 5/5 spice.  Although, I'd recommend bringing a couple of Tums, just in case.

Oh and if you're ordering take-out and you decide to microwave the curry, be sure to cover your eyes, nose and mouth.

You've been warned. Enjoy!
.笑
This is by far one of my favorite places, try the crispy basil chicken with a signature malees drink. yum.笑
I haven't psychically been in here, but I had take out delivered.  I love yellow curry and I also just moved to Scottsdale, so I needed to find myself a new Thai spot!

The food arrived quickly and I ordered it through Door Dash.  They were able to make honor my request of having no bell peppers in it, so I was pleased when they weren't in the curry.  The curry itself was a little watery than what I'm used to and they included veggies that I've never seen in yellow curry before; baby corn sticks and broccoli.  I really liked the corn and they give you a larger portion of rice, than what most Thai places give you.

Pricing is normal, my curry was $14.99 and I did tofu and not meat.  Of course I had a few dollars worth of delivery and service fee's, but that has nothing to do with the restaurant.笑
Very good Thai food at a reasonable price.  The menu has a very large selection with a choice of how much hot spice you want.  Have been there several times and never been disappointed.笑
My experience at Malee' s is truly memorable. From prompt service to amazing food. The coco chili Fish is one of the best fish dishes I've ever had. The coconut shrimp as a starter is delectable! I highly recommend Malee's for the best Thai food in the valley. The interior is adorable too笑
I went to Malee's the first time with a couple friends last weekend.

I will keep going back again and again.  In fact, I have already invited my parents to join me there.

Here's why...

We were able to be seated late on a Friday night.  We got seated at about 9:15 or 9:30 and they were super accommodating.  

When I ordered my dish Thai Hot, I also explained I really meant Thai Hot.  The waiter Chana explained to me that they have one level hotter, which is CHEF HOT.  He then told me that I probably did not want it that hot because the chef is crazy.  I agreed to Thai Hot and asked for some extra thai chilies.  When my dish came, the Spicy Cashew Beef, I was immediately satisfied with the heat level.  Still, I added more chilies to it.  Yeah, I am crazy.  It was DELICIOUS.  I ordered the small size, which was only $9.99, and I had about 50% left over even with my friends eating some of it for me.  

The appetizers were really interesting looking and I cannot remember what they were called.  The guys loved them, but I didn't try them.  I know that is not super helpful, but I will post a picture.  I don't see the description of them on the menu.  They looked like little tornadoes of chow mein that covered a chicken/shrimp gyro inside.  I dunno how else to explain them!  Interesting stuff.

The bathrooms were clean and there was mouthwash in the bathroom with little disposable cups to use.  Still, the thought crossed my mind that someone could spike the mouthwash.  Yeah, I am paranoid.  Ha ha.

The service was great.  We never lacked for water refills.

I forgot to use my check in offer, but I'm not worried since I will be back!笑
I had the vegetarian spring rolls and they were awesome!!! They have a gluten free menu too. The bar manager, Jack, was extremely friendly and personable. I will definitely be returning!!!笑
Its one of the first places started going to when I came to Phoenix five years ago and Ive never had a bad meal. Sometimes the servers get busy, sometimes its loud but overall its awesome. Noticed a couple of wanna be clown restaurant critics gave weak reviews based on their warped version of a Thai Restaurant. If they wanted 100% Thai then write one from Thailand where you can get it off the street or down to Thai Hut on McDowell which are both awesome. I like fusion and hot. Half these people would be calling an ambulance after dinner if they new authentic Thai. 

If you want a great fusion of what works in Scottsdale and sometimes requires reservation because it works so well then head on over to Malee's. 

Ginger Broccoli, Cashew Chicken..its all good. 

I love this place and it gets five stars.

John笑
Decent food!! However, for a coupe of dishes we almost felt "cheated" - both in price and portion size and ingredients ... First we ordered the "crispy crab and shrimp  cake rolls" - for 10 bucks, the rolls were smaller than the bite sized chocolates and we couldn't even taste crabs or shrimp... That's a big waste of money. Second we ordered the "Spicy Green Peppercorn" - for 18 bucks - all we got a bowl full of veggies and about 3 pieces of shrimp.. There were no calamari... It's supposed to be a "Shrimp & calamari stir fry"...

The other dishes were good enough to earn the 3 stars. All in all an ok experience... Pricey too笑
First time visiting this place! Food was amazing atmosphere was great too! Had the Arizona heatwave.. so much flavor and just the right spice at a level 3! Highly recommended!笑
The best Thai food in the valley.  The service is great, their selection of curry is phenomenal, and the food is just fantastic.  I come here at least once a month and I have yet to have a bad experience with this establishment.笑
Now, I wouldnt say I'm a fan "yet" but I will give it another try in the future due to my love for hot & spicey foods. 
I'm a picky eater but am trying to broaden my horizons. We tried Malee's for dinner. Both my friend and I loved the ambience, the waiter was great, patient, and helpful. However neither of us liked our choice of entrees. We both agreed that the food had definitely been prepared well, portions were large & presentation was good. He ordered a seafood entree prepared with curry, and I ordered a chicken with some peanut sauce which I now know i do not care for. We both agreed to try again with something else. Soon笑
Food was nothing special...definitely have had better Thai. I did appreciate the gluten free menu. The super great service we got is the reason for the 4 star rating! I was really impressed by that.  Also, the cute outdoor patio was nice as well.  

The food alone would have been a three star... I tried the pad thai and panang curry.  Maybe other dishes are better?笑
Yay and Yum....Since moving to AZ in July we have visited Malee's prob 4 times. My sisters who live here introduced us to this lovely restaurant. The kiddo and I really enjoy the food here and we really really enjoy Thai food. Our favorite dish is the Tom Kai Gai soup, we like to order the pot and then a side of rice to eat with it, This soup is A..Mazing it will take you to a whole new level of taste bud euphoria...for realz! We have also tried the crispy basil chicken (yummy yum yum), and the fried rice with the cashews, shrimp and chicken (I forget the name), that was also yummy. Food and service is always great.  Absolutely love the location,笑
Their Crispy Pla-aka Fish Candy was delicious. Just the right Crispiness and every bite was heaven.  Fresh summer rolls and Thai ice tea just made the meal escalate to beyond any Thai food I've had.  Service was busy but tried hard to stay on point with our table.  Would come here for the fish over and over again.笑
I hate to find out that there was another location closer to where I was.  It doesn't matter because it was worth the trip.  I ordered pick up because I was by myself and wanted to a bit of exploring.  The place has a nice casual ambiance.  They also have an outdoor seating area.  I ordered the pad thai that comes with chicken and shrimp as a standard.  Since it was lunch time, it was part of the lunch menu that came with a choice of soup or salad.  I chose the soup, but was too stuffed to have it because I jumped right into the pad thai.  I ordered it medium spicy, and it was pretty spicy.  I can't imagine what hot would have tasted like.  Actually, I'm more curious of what it would have tasted like in a mild flavor.  The noodles were slightly overcooked, but still flavorful.  I also had the Thai Iced Tea here, and it was perfect for the weather and a great combination with the tangy pad thai flavor.  The prices are expensive compared to Chicago, but I hear it's typical for Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  My lunch speciai and drink costed me a little over $15.  I guess if you are craving it that bad like I was, you'll pay the price...笑
I guess Malee's has been around 25 years, but it seems like fifty, and I mean that in a good way.  The restaurant is both venerable and hip enough to comfortably pass as Scottsdale "special occasion" - without breaking the bank.  

Is it as uniformly "special" as the finest resort dining room. No. Nobody here is going to fold your napkin into a swan and there's no focal Dale Chihuly wine rack or glorious mountain view. But if you play it smart, a memorable and exotic meal can be had in a charming locale.  

Here's my advice, lemongrasshopper:   

Make a dinner reservation. Table location and service are better when you do.  True most places, but moreso here .  

Get the pot of soup.  Tom Ka Gai is a warming, communal ritual and helps smooth over slow Fri & Sat nite service.  

Solicit server recommendations. Most of the menu resonates and Malee's tailors spice level to individual tastes well, but some dishes are consistently better than others.  

Do all that, and I'm pretty sure you'll have a nice experience. Walk in cold, take a blind stab at the menu, and you're apt to be less impressed. 

I like the atmosphere, especially in the main dining room. It's an older building, with low ceilings and residential style rooms. Dimly lit, but not clubby and masculine like Don & Charlies. An unseen piano gently tinkles in the background.  Older couples, younger out of towners, packs of gay foodies, the occasional family celebrating a birthday.  A pleasant, bustling mix.  

There are art galleries and holiday lights on Main Street (which is more of a  quiet side street at night) and plenty of parking at dinner time.  Fine choice for a date or before a show,when you're trying to impress someone special with your inscrutable melange of bold yet traditional values - rather than simply with your wallet.笑
This review is for the cooking class...
I was told about this class by my favorite Thai joint in Chandler. My mom and I went not really knowing what to expect.
The class is held on a Staurday. When Chris called to confirm our reservation he made sure to let us know that a cab my be needed to take us home...sounds good to me.
The classroom is small seating about 20 people at the most. There were mimosas waiting for us. 
The class started with introductions to the variuos Thai cooking ingredients. I found this information so interesting. How do you know which fish sauce to buy, what the different pastes smell and taste like, how to grow your own Lemongrass and so much more. 
We started by making Siamese Kisses. It was all hands on and really fun. The next was a fresh red curry paste. Then we compared the fresh to the store bought brand. What a difference!
The Arizona Heatwave was next. So Delish. The final dish was Asian Pumpkin Custard.
We tasted everything along the way and then they served us HUGE portions of the items for lunch with a Champange paring.
The Chamange paring was also very informative and the pours were never ending. He was right about having a DD lined up...
The staff really cares about the food they produce and will make any dietary adjustments you may need.

I really had a great time.笑
One of my favorite local eateries in town. 

The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is divine, and the servers always take excellent care of you. There is not one person I know that has not been made aware of the great food and service at Malee's. By far the best Thai food in town!笑
Marlee's is our go-to Thai restaurant in Scottsdale. We love the food here.  We had the crispy mango fish, drunken dragon noodles and bamboo curry. The fish was very tasty, crispy on the outside and moist fish on the inside. Great sauce too!  The noodles were good. It had ground chicken with some Thai basil and being sprouts. I think next time we would try it with the rice noodles.  The Bombay curry was very good as well. We had the small portion and it was just perfect with the rest of our items including the brown rice which was a healthy portion.  It can get crowded so I would recommend making reservations. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for great Thai food.笑
Orange peel IPA was a wise choice. I ordered the pad Thai and have you ever tasted something you order all the time and it's not the same but the difference was a good thing well in this case it's a great thing. Their pad Thai version is amazing. I did prefer the chicken over the shrimp (I got combo of both). The sauce and seasoning is delicious. I ordered it at a spice level of 3 of 5 because I've been to some Thai places where I've never replaced the layers of skin off the roof of my mouth but there wasn't enough heat for me. I def should've gone with a 4 which is considered Thai hot here and a 5 is "chef hot". Stop by and you will enjoy this unassuming Thai local.

*The star that's missing is on account of the staff. Although they weren't rude they also weren't very interactive.  I usually enjoy some banter with the bartender or server but in this case I was left alone for 90% of my 45 min lunch. I got the generic "how's everything tasting?" But small places like this are usually more friendly and personal. 
I'll be back though!笑
My husband and I went for lunch. He had the crispy fish and I had the yellow curry. Both came with a choice of soup or salad. We both chose the salad. I wasn't wild about the peanut dressing, and the salad came pretty drenched in it, but the yellow curry was delicious. Probably the best I've had. My husband enjoyed his fish as well. If we lived in AZ we would definitely be back!笑
Great fresh Thai food! We had the Cashew Beef dish and the Arizona heatwave! Both were amazing. Our server, Bryan, was polite and personable. I bugged him with so many questions and he always had a smile on his face, plus great suggestions. Very attentive server!! We will be back for sure :)笑
GET THE LARGE TOM KA GAI. Amazing for the presentation alone, but the taste was out of this world.

Best Thai fusion with the best decor in all of Arizona. A really cozy place to take family for a reliably nice dinner. In terms of service and quality, you can tell they put thought into it. Maybe need a restructuring of the menu, as it was difficult to choose.笑
This place rocks.  I could eat here everyday.  The noodles, fish, soups are excellent.  I won't recommend one dish over another since I think they are all pretty good, although I order the crispy pla most often.  The sauce on it is great, and the portion is gigantic.笑
My husband and I recently moved to the area and so far this is "our go to Thai Restaurant" even though it's a good 20 minutes away. It's location in Old Town sets the ambiance for a perfect date night.

  We have our staples when it comes to Thai food which we always split. The Pad Thai for him with tons of protein and the Panang Curry for me with tons of Vegetables, both ordered spicy.  This is the second time we went and will be back again.

    I was compelled to write this because it was THE BEST Chicken Panang curry I have ever tasted. It had a smooth tomato base that you could only taste a hint of the tomato it was absolutely creamy, divine, and flavorful. I was going to have to poke his hand if he kept taking it because I wanted it all for myself.  So good that I told the waitress that she had to tell the chef compliments. It opened up my husbands stuffy nose, but the spice was not so strong you couldn't taste the delicious flavors.  If you have ever been turned off by a yellow curry and said curry is not for me, Please give this dish a try. Again, the best I have ever eaten in 3 states that I have lived in.

  Unfortunately we are not impressed with the Pad Thai.  The only way we can describe it is that somehow they Americanized it.  Not very flavorful and the noodles always are stuck together. If you put your fork in it, it will lift the whole plate almost.  We had to order bean sprouts which usually come with a pad Thai and felt like it was missing the peanuts or eggs or both. Next time, we are going to try the Drunken Noodles, and I can't wait to!

  I give 2 thumbs up even though the pad Thai wasn't the best, overall the service was great, and so was the food.  Thank you Malee's for your existence and keep up the good work! Love, love, love!笑
Malee's -- Absolutely yumsterlicious. 

Normally, I don't care for Thai food -- much too much sugar, garlic and gooiness.  But what a  fabulous surprise Malee's turned out to be.

The entree selections were exactly as described on the menu without going overboard on spices and exoticness (my word).  We ordered the shrimp/scallop soup and a coconut-curried fish plate.  Neither disappointed; both delighted.  The soup's broth was delicate but tasty, and the fish bounty was so abundant we needed "take-home" boxes.  Not to be out done, the second entree's combo of curry and coconut, while traditional, was virtuoso.

The service was as good as the food -- exemplary (sorry about the other reviewer's bad experience).  Our waitress, Oi, was so energetic, friendly and informative that we felt as if we were dining at the home of a good friend.  Great service can go a long way masking mediocre food.  In this case, the service complemented! 

Malee's is wonderful without having to be overly cute.  My advice -- run, don't walk when you next  hunger for Thai cusine.笑
Three friends and I tried Malee's for lunch. I had the Arizona Heatwave (medium) since it was my first visit I needed a... "heat baseline" if you will. It was a delicious red curry. Medium was a little light on the heat, so next time I'll take it up to say 3.5 or 4. Service was excellent and they were VERY accomidating. A number of GF options as well.笑
Walking into the restaurant doesn't even seem like going to a Thai restaurant.  The servers were Caucasian.  In the middle of Old Scottsdale, it has a ritzy feel to it.  It has more of a contemporary Thai-American fusion atmosphere.   The price is a bit hefty for a Thai restaurant.  It reminds me of PF Chang for Chinese food.

We had the soft shell crab for the appetizer and the duck curry and the coco chili fish for the main course.  The soft shell crab is made from a whole soft shell crab including the shell attached and tempera battered which made the crab very crunchy.  Every part of the crab was edible.  The mixture of the crunchy tempera batter and the sweet tangy cucumber mae ploy sauce was delectable.  The duck from the duck curry dish was so tender that it tasted like butter. The red curry had pineapple in it. I ordered a 4 for the duck curry, but it wasn't as spicy as some of the other Thai places were.  So if you like HOT food, then be sure to ask for 5+.  The coco chili fish is a battered white fish deep fried covered in a peanut sauce.  It was one of their signature dishes.  I enjoyed the flavoring of the fish.  The batter absorbed the sauce very well that created a unique combination.  It went quite well together.  

I recommend this place with a love for Thai food and an openness to trying new things.笑
After being in Scottsdale for a couple days and eating mediocre food, I had high hopes for this place and thought it would brighten my food experience.  Also, I was just really craving some good ass pad thai.  Sadly, I was let down.  The staff was nice and friendly, but my food was not that good.  First off, I asked for the peanuts to be put on the side, but it was mixed in.  When I took my first bite, everything was just so grainy and overwhelmingly flavored.  It's almost as though sand was mixed in and everything that would make pad thai taste the way it should was just put in to high extreme.笑
I love ethnic food.  I have served in Thailand and I have returned on a visit.  Of all the Asian cuisine I really love Thai food.  Once I retired and moved to Scottsdale I immediately launched a search for Thai food.  At the time (42 years ago) there was only several restaurants in the valley that claimed to be Thai orientated.  Once I found Malee's I was in heaven.  A small restaurant, intimate and as close to the real thing that you can get in the states.  They cater to the American pallet, however; just ask for the real spicy Thai offering, they will be more than happy to accommodate you.  Whenever I am asked to recommend (any kind) an Asian restaurant, I always suggest that they try Malee's.  If you are a real connoisseur of the cuisine of Thailand, you will really enjoy Malee's bill of fare.笑
Malee's is a fixture in Old Town Scottsdale and one of my favorites.  On a recent visit with a few friends who recently returned from Thailand, they thought the food here was better than most of the food they had on their trip.  Use caution if you order Thai spicy, that was about the hottest spice I've had, I'll order separately from my friends next time.