I've been a fan of Nourish since when they were located in Scottsdale.  The new location is a far drive for us so we only head there for lunch when we visit Ikea.

The atmosphere is school cafeteria; however, don't let that deter you from dropping in.  The menu is transparent for those of us with food allergies and the staff is always willing to review the recipe with you in case if you have questions about ingredients/allergens.  They recently rolled out a new menu featuring build-your-own bowls like Chipotle and it was outstanding!  The serving size was large and we did not leave hungry.

My only critique is that the atmosphere is a school cafeteria, the location is not central for those of us in the North, and we purchased some chocolate bars to eat at home and by the time we got home they were a pile of mush.  Not worth the $7.笑
Beautiful place in a gorgeous new building at SCNM! They are definitely still getting the kinks out but I see the potential. I'd love to see more paleo choices on the menu. They do let you substitute things, which is nice and the food is clean and dietary restriction friendly. 

I ordered the $5 spaghetti squash with pesto and it was very tasty and fresh! My friend got sweet potato fries that were pretty good, but for $5 too small a portion. She really loved the Mediterranean chicken wrap too and said it hit the spot. They make many items from scratch including their nut milks, which are great cold but not so good in a hot latte. 

We got our food pretty quickly, which was appreciated. The staff were courteous and when we had a problem with our coffee drinks, the young lady at the register helped me choose a new drink, and she did so with a smile and a great attitude. 

Overall, this place is very exciting for me as a person dealing with an autoimmune disease. I can truly trust what they serve and the people working there are lovely. The owner has it together and I'm really looking forward to trying more things. 

TLDR: great food, great people, great for special diets. I recommend!!笑
This is seriously the best restaurant in all of Maricopa County. Organic, delicious ingredients, and they have options for just about everyone - vegan, paleo, nut-free etc. I wish I lived much closer!! Service was awesome. They were extremely helpful going over the menu with me to make sure I got exactly what I wanted. LOVE!笑
Wow $5.00 healthy lunches! Awesome and tasty. Great desserts, great juice, just an overall awesome healthy place to eat!

The only problem here is parking! It is next to the Naturopathic School of Medicine and parking is bad. Just try to go in and head straight for parking garage instead of driving around the parking lot.笑
Nourish caters toward a wide range of dietary preferences. If you're looking for an low or oil-free meal, avoid the chimichurri sauce which had far more oil than I was expecting.笑
Oh, sweet, sweet Nourish... I wanted to love you with all my heart. I truly did. As a paleo fanatic who has been all but confined to the makings of my own kitchen due to auto-immune issues, I cherish the thought of dining at paleo-friendly establishments. But all too often, the promises fall short & my wallet is left considerably lighter, with nothing but disappointment in my little heart. :(  

I ordered the Glass noodle bowl with added chicken. I was so excited. A full meal I could tear into without endless substitutions or worrying about the oils used in prep? I'M SO FRIGGIN EXCITED. My food arrived within a reasonable amount of time (I was one of 2 tables, so that's always nice) & I gleefully dug in. Then, sadness. Only disappointment & sadness. The food was bland, no spices, no seasonings, nothing. The peppers lacked flavor & the carrots were undercooked & bland. I almost wept at the table. One, for my tastebuds & secondly, for my wallet. I'm all about paying for an amazing meal, even willing to cough up a premium. But this was drab & unremarkable. 

I honestly want to take back some seasoning mixes and/or sauces to the chefs/decision makers & go, "Hey! It doesn't have to be like this! You can both delight the tastebuds & nourish the body at the same time!"  -I mean, I've learned a thing or two preparing 98% of my own meals over the past 3 years & that one thing has been SEASONING IS IMPORTANT & SPICES ARE AMAZING. 

The one thing I can say that was a positive: My tummy didn't hurt after the meal & I had no headaches (this is the typical aftermath of any normal restaurant experience which is why I avoid them). So for that, I do thank you. This restaurant is a step in the right direction, I would love to see them expand the menu, the locations & the flavors. But holy hell, flavor needs to be a priority for a gal like me to come back.笑
Having very specific diet preferences, currently paleo, I was super excited about this place.  But I was less than impressed.  First, the order took super long to make.  I ordered the zucchini and sweet potato "pasta" first with marinara and then with pesto (I went back for a second try).  Neither had enough of the "sauce" to coat the zucchini noodles and they were SUPER bland.  It was nice to have something I didn't have to make myself which made it the only reason I enjoyed the place.  I ordered a side of bacon and the bacon was cold.  COLD.  Disgusting.  I had to get home and warm it before I could eat it.  Super bummed about this place.  Feels like a hospital cafeteria.  The idea is great.  The execution needs some (lots of) help.笑
Love Healthy Food and people making an effort to provide locally sourced meals.  Only thing I can complain about is that I wish the juice was made in front of me fresh and that the menu was more like Nourish 123 that closed in Scottsdale, including the alcohol!!!!  No big service, order at the registrar doesn't turn me on, but I understand we all want to pay for less employees. long live the day when people valued their employees笑
Wow.   I am speechless. This place is absolutely incredible.  I was happy to see a new Nourish open up close to my girlfriends house as I had heard great things about the one in Gilbert.   I ordered the Chicken Tuscan Wrap with the Sweet Potato fries and they were delicious.   My friend had the chili and it was perfectly salted.  The veggie wrap was also delicious, as was the beef burger.  I had bites of all of these and will be back.笑
I have to recommend the grass fed burgers! They are cooked to customer temperature preference and deliver on grilled flavor. I always choose the GF sourdough bun and bacon and avacado.  This is a delicious treat! The sweet potato fries have special seasons to make them pop! This  is a great new, healthy option in Tempe!笑
We decided to try this based on the other reviews.  The service was terrible (very slow).  The employees seemed to be in a perpetual state of confusion, despite the fact that there were only 10 customers.  

We tried the restaurant week menu, which was very overpriced for the food quality.  The kabob appetizer was undercooked, yet tough.  The ribeye was fatty.  The asparagus was overcooked.  The salted Carmel torte had a very odd, unnatural flavor and texture.  The bananas foster dessert was the only moderately edible part of the meal.

We attempted to order a fresh pressed juice, but were informed that it would take 20-25 minutes to prepare, so instead we had water.  They never came around and refilled water, so we had to go up and ask for a refill.

Not surprisingly, we will not be going back to this place.笑
Not bad, but pretty small portions. $5 lunches mentioned in the previous review are maybe for people that work/study in the center. Its about $10 a dish and you will want more than one if you are hungry. Otherwise, not a bad selection of simple dishes with vegan options.笑
I've only been to Nourish twice since it opened up at SCNM and both times it was disappointing. My second time was the most horrifying experience of my life. I ordered a Grass-fed burger that took 30 minutes to get prepared because their system was down. But that wasn't the only part that was bad. When I opened my box ready to eat the burger right underneath my bun were TWO BABY SPIDERS!! When I took it back to them I was told that they weren't spiders but were nats. I am pretty sure whatever was in my box had 8 legs. Regardless of the type of bug in my food, THERE WERE BUGS IN MY FOOD. I was given the excuse that since they use local produce the bugs can sometimes sneak in. One of the employees was nothing but rude to me where she threw the owners business card on the counter and told me that "Listen, we are really busy here so if you want to complain about this you can go and call the owner". The manager working there had the same excuse as one of the other employees, that since they use local produce sometimes the bugs can get in there. SO BEWARE ALL NOURISH CUSTOMERS, ACCORDING TO NOURISH USING LOCAL PRODUCE = IT IS OK TO FEED CUSTOMERS BUGS. I would never go back to that place again where no one understood the seriousness of having bugs in the food.笑
I seriously don't know how they could be better. Even their water was delicious. I have a lot of food restrictions and this place was like heaven for me. I haven't had noodles in almost 2 years and tonight I enjoyed beyond belief the glass noodle bowl. The food is amazing no matter how you eat. I only wish we had found this place the first night of out visit instead of the last!笑
I really wanted to like Nourish and tried to. However, the customer service sucks, the food is expensive and bland (I had to drown my food in a side of pesto for it to be satisfying). Oh yeah... and the sides of pesto cost extra too, of course. I've given up and won't go back and definitely won't recommend this place to anyone. Keep on driving, you'll find several better tasting and more affordable options in the area!笑
I love this place! I live a healthy lifestyle and I am lactose and gluten intolerant and I finally found a place where I can eat almost everything on the menu! I tried their green and yellow squash noodles with the marinara sauce and grass fed ground beef and I loved it! Cant wait to go back and try some of their wraps and desserts笑
Nourish has finally closed its doors at SCNM. Rumors are flying around as to why, but I believe it simply comes down to one thing: Consistency. Without it, you are just waiting to fail.

Time and time again there was an overall lack of consistency with everything; service, available menu items, seasoning/flavor, cooking temps, etc. I really hope that Nourish can learn a lot from this experience and look forward to whatever restaurant will be occupying this spot in the future. I will miss that killer eggs and bacon deal tho. 

RIP Nourish @ SCNM.笑
It was very healthy. I got a chopped vegetable salad and they forgot the raw ceasar dressing that I ordered so it was extremely bland. The protein burger is also a little mushy and bland. I will definitely order food from here again because I really want to like it.笑
I found Nourish about 4 years ago at the Scottsdale location. All I can say is these people cook food right! The ingredients are amazing and the quality that I cook with at home. I travel 4 days a week for work and a place like this is so refreshing! I visit every time I'm in Phoenix and stock up my fridge for my stay. Tonight at had one of they bowls and the lemon thyme salad! Delish!!!!笑
Non-students pay full price, btw.

Colorful menu, bright and spacious atmosphere overall --picked the Noodle Bowl which is different from others eaten.

It tasted lemony, slighty savory and pungent, (humongus fan of savory and pungent here.) however the olive oil proliferation (IMHO) took me aback--especially being the inadvertent backsplash finding the oil on my shirt from inhaling the noodles.

I was expecting a little more broth, suggest cutting back on it by half if it's not for the sake of the rice noodles; the veggies should be cooked a teeny bit more, everyone is not a fan of or cannot eat raw or nearly raw foods. 

Would I go back? Yes, but at another time :). Thank you.笑
Highly recommended. the scale shows that its not too pricey  (they have a $5 menu section) but for a grown man like myself who shows up hungry to a restaurant, I spent about $15 on a very delicious healthy vegan meal... portion sizes were "perfect" according to my girlfriend. I've been back several times and enjoyed every bite. Bottom line... if you care about what you put into your body then NOURISH IS A MUST TRY.笑
I stopped in for breakfast and was warmly greeted by an awesome employee. I wish I knew his name; he was a sweetheart.  

I ordered the pancakes ($8), which are vegan and corn free. (They are made with rice flour.)  I got 3 slightly-larger-than-a-dollar-cake pancakes in this order and it came with no sides (unless you count the maple syrup). However, they were very filling.  They tasted a tab bit grainy, but not too earthy. They were still good, especially drowned in the pure maple syrup, just the way I like it. 

I did order a side of Sweet Potato Hashbrowns ($3), ignoring my first mind.  You see, I am not a fan of the whole "sweet potato masquerading as an Idaho potato" trend. (Impostor!) But I was in the mood for some form of taters, so against my better judgement I ordered them and WOW! I don't know if it was the onions and red peppers, or the seasoning, or what, but this side dish was DELISH! I could not believe how good they were.  

They do not offer a vegan bacon or faux meat breakfast option at this time. I'm thinking that there might not be an option for this that keeps with their 100% gluten-free, soy-free, and peanut-free practices. 


The wait time was rather short, however, I was the only one there, so not sure what it's like later in the day. 

They have several cold cases, one for salads, one for drinks, and one for desserts.  Most of the desserts appeared to be raw vegan. I grabbed some lemon bars and Cacao Mousse but have been too full to try them. I'll update once I've tasted those.  The pre-packaged items (salads and desserts) are all labeled so you can read the ingredients and weed out any allergens or dietary restrictions.  They have cold pressed juices and smoothies too, but I didn't try those. 
 
This newly opened cafe is located inside of the SCNM Medical Center, off of Broadway, in Tempe, AZ. Drive to the back of the building and look for the Nourish signage. Parking is free in the parking lot and Nourish has its own entrance.

I'll have to go back another day to try their lunch menu. Healthy food that doesn't forego flavor.笑
BAD EXPERIENCE!
My wife and I were exited to try the new location and finally made it over to the Tempe location to give it a shot.
The store was pretty much empty and I ended up ordering three chicken tacos and three beef tacos.
Even though there were three gentleman standing in the kitchen having a pow wow, it took almost 30 minutes until the food arrived.

NOW IT STARTS...

Taco=dry
Chicken=even dryer 
Beef=Tasted like old lam and was dry
Spring mix=literally just spring mix
Carrots=more than enough and dry

After trying to eat the first taco that I had to wash down my throat with water, I decided to go inside and approach one of the girls (the one that wasn't on the phone) and see what they could do to make this simple meal more appealing.

The pico de gallo that was supposed to be on the taco wasn't  available so I asked for anything that would make this meal eatable.

Sour cream? No
Lime? No
Any sauce? No
Avocado? No
And so on...

I ended up just asking for a splash of Olive oil and according to the girl this wasn't available either.
She kept repeating that she's trying to help but I had to disagree.

Last call was a box so I could spice it up at home and eat it without having to wash it down.

Who ever runs this store needs to get on the employees back.
Training, manors and maybe more customer satisfaction.
 
They lost my business unfortunately!

No taste, no effort = Good luck for the future.

I hope this constructive criticism will open somebodies eyes...笑
Like always fresh delicious healthy food.  ASU student got lucky with this on campus!!'笑
Wow. My dream restaurant. Everything was perfect and reasonably priced. The people who work there are lovely. I had the Grassfed burgers on a bed of greens with sautéed mushrooms and avocado. Hubby had a Build Your Own Bowl with glass noodles veggies and the fish of the day with pesto sauce and LOVED it. We will be regulars. Wish they would expand into downtown Phoenix.