I'm not one to post a bad review without reason, but this is my second time visting this burger king and every time, they are "closed " yet the hours say midnight... It's 10 pm...Ǿ
Garbage. I showed up at 9:45pm at the driver thru. Apparently they close at 10:00 according to their door hours and at 12:00 on the website. Anyways, all the lights were on and only one lane was coned off. The employees proceeded to ignore me despite my asking if they were open and, eventually honking to try and at least get some reply. My efforts were in vain. I called the store itself and asked if they were open and was told no. I would definitely recommend dining somewhere where the employees at least try to give a shit.Ǿ
I have been in the drive-through, two cars back for almost 10 minutes. I appreciate the fact that Burger King is fresh, but they don't really need to go out and kill the Cal and then slowly grind the meet. I would actually like my food in a expedient manner.

SlowǾ
if i could give zero stars i would we chose this burger king because it has a play place for the kids. there were 3 adults, and 3 kids ages 2, 3, and an autistic 9 year old. we live in arizona and it is fucking hot so we wanted to bring them were it was cool and they could play indoors but the damn staff would not turn on the a/c!! we asked them if they could turn on the air because we have 3 kids and they told us no. so we took it upon ourselves to prop open the door with a chair to let some air in and they came over saying they needed the door closed. 1st of all, we live in az its too damn hot to be trapped in a room with no god damn air. so we asked them why they would not turn on the air and they laughed and said we are not touching that. like it aint gon be too fucking funny when one of the kids pass the fuck out because then im gon have a law suit!! then my autistic nephew became very upset obviously so i will never come to this resturaunt again.Ǿ
Oh my goodness!  Employees are so grumpy!

We tried to go through the drive through to get our free satisfries. We were told we could only get one order per car do we had to park and go inside.  Kind of ridiculous. 

Satisfries = meh.Ǿ
They advertise macaroni and cheese and apple fries but they don't have that and they didn't even tell me. When I ordered apple fries I go through and I get apple slices with peels. For my child who is a year old that's not going to cut it with the peels. When I asked them about it they said sorry that they no longer sell it. I asked them why they advertise it and they said that it was because of corporate and not their particular facility. Not cool. And not customer friendly.Ǿ
Absolutely filthy. Dirty tables, food was cold. Five people standing around doing nothing.Had to be the most lazy group of people that work there.If I owned this place I wold fire everyone and start over! Everything was dirty behind the counter and in front of the counter and saw one of the employees giving 2 huge bags of food to her friends at the side door while we were standing there waiting to order. Unbelievable. The owners and burger king need to look at this franchise carefully. So do the health inspectors in AZ. Floor was flooded, with mops next to food, drive thru was out of order. The list goes on and on. Giving other burger kings a bad name. YUK!Ǿ
Waited in drive thru from 9:42 am till 10:05 I finally got my breakfast! Wow! This is ridiculous, hire more people or closeǾ
It's usually good food. The inside is clean and decent every time I have gone in. I mean it is just fast food, so temper your expectations, order a bacon double cheeseburger and some onion rings, and u will be good to goǾ
Haven't been to Burger King in years. Stopped by today and wasn't disappointed. The place is clean & staff was friendly. Burger are alright for fast food.Ǿ
They got our order wrong even though they asked us to pull up front and wait... We ordered a #7 without mustard including a small fry and a small coke, a veggie burger also with a small fry and a small coke, and a large fry. What we received was two burgers from the #7 WITH mustard, a regular burger, two small fries, and two small cokes. Did I mention I'm vegetarian so the burger I received, I won't even eat. Terrible service... We didn't pay money for food we didn't want.Ǿ
shitty. I went here on my break and they said "we aren't taking orders right now, because we have to finish a big order." I used manage a restaurant, and I've cooked for 4 years, that's ridiculous. manage your team and don't be laztǾ
Worst fast food place I have ever visited. The onion rings were cold and tasted like burnt, rancid grease. The fish sandwich was dried out around the edges but cold and almost inedible. All four of the beef patties came from a plastic container with grease floating in it, not off the grill (this was almost 7 pm and I was the only customer, so I can't believe that they were being held for some kind of a customer rush hour). This is not food "my way."Ǿ
This is the closest Burger King to where I live and we go here because BK is the only fast food place around that has a veggie burger for my daughter.  The problem with this place is their drive-thru.  You gotta check carefully every time you get your food to make sure you get everything you ordered.  More than once, I've brought bags full of food home to find that one or more things either didn't get entered in right or weren't given to me right.

Some places are right on and always give me what I order first time, no repeats.  This is not one of those places.  Grumble.Ǿ
Staff is not very friendly,  got our order wrong but replaced it with correct after arguing with me. 
2 stars are for good food once received and clean play area. 
Customer service very poor! : (Ǿ
Service in the drive-thru was fast, but apparently these workers all speak limited English and cannot get the order right.  I asked for a 2-pc cinnabon meal. I got and paid for a 1-pc meal. Didnt notice until after we drove away,  because it was in a box and who pulls their stuff out while they are driving?Ǿ
Not sure if they know that restaurants like this are called fast food for a reason.  They're not called "hey my buddy is hungry again because by the time he got his food and ate it, he digested it and started to get hunger pains by the time my food was ready."  It's probably to long to fit in the title.

Once again I reiterate that the food service industry in the entirety of the Phoenix area is complete crap.  If it's not the horrible customer service it's staff's inability to get an order correct.  I am writing this no exaggeration, 20 minutes after my order and I just got my food.  I could have gone to a much nicer sit down restaurant and had been faster.  It was frustrating since some of my coworkers are on limited lunch times. Watching the three girls stare at the lack of food entering the hot window like watching snow on a TV set.  In the time they stood there watching, doing nothin, one or two of them could have gone and helped the single guy making the food which in itself was like water torture how slow and bumbling he was. No idea where the manager was or who it was. And yes they still screwed up the order.  Apparently bacon whoppers don't come with bacon anymore.

Never go here.  Burger King, have some pride in your brand for crying out loud.  Someone needs to be fired.  The crowd of pissed off customers alone was ridiculous.Ǿ
Went through the drive-thru here just now took about 20 minutes just to get through to my order and there was only two cars in front of me and on top of that while waiting for my food I can see that the lobby was emptyǾ
They remodeled this location.  The inside is big, clean and cool.  Really like the tall seating, although I know others disagree. Food was fast and service was friendly.  The drive thru is also normally pretty quick.  Love the door handles, which are grill tools!  You can always smell the food on the grill and you can taste it in the food.Ǿ
The pancakes & senior coffee were both excellent this morning and you can't beat it for $1.82 out the door.  Ok, Ronald's coffee is better.....but the golden arches wants $2.99 for the same 3 pancakes that were 89 cents @ this BK.