FAVE BUFFET PLACE EVAAAAAAAAAR! the line was worth the wait. brunch is AWESOME! friends and i got so full we napped the rest of the day haha. Great variety of meats and desserts. Drink glasses were always refilled and our group sat separately to avoid the gratuity % haha. Definitely worth your $$$笑
I expect way more out of a buffet in Vegas. The crab legs were small and the meat tasted like these legs have been sitting out for awhile. The ribs were ok. The dessert tasted like it's old and not fresh. It was just a poor experience overall.笑
Their buffet is just as good as Wynn's, but I think the Wynn's decor has an edge over Bellagio's. Other than that, their food quality is superb!笑
I love the Bellagio Buffet. Or at least I thought I did. The last time we visited Vegas (about 5-6 years ago), it was my favourite buffet. So when we decided to visit Vegas again, I put it on my list of good eats. And boy, was I disappointed. Firstly, they began a new policy of charging all customers the same price regardless of age. Yup, your 5 year old who barely eats anything will pay the same price you will as a full grown adult! How does that make sense?!!!!  Secondly, the food choice and quality was only so so. It's not bad but it's not as good as I remembered. Or perhaps at the fully price for all parties, I expected more. We went to another buffet the following day that had children pricing and it was exceptional! 

So do your research and maybe check out another choice, esp. if you have children in your party. Not worth the full price for them.笑
One of the better buffets on the strip. Food is always exceptional meat Station is always great ,service is always very good.笑
A bit pricey but worth it.  I can't say anything bad about the food here, everything I got from the lunch buffet line was good.  Service is excellent and we got seated pretty quickly.  Highlights:

The spicy tuna roll was actually pretty close to something you get from a sushi bar!  Smoked salmon had the right balance of not being being too salty and a hint of smoky flavor, shrimp cocktail was pretty big and cocktail sauce was not too sweet or sour.  Soft serve and other desserts were good too, not overly sweet.

Recommended for sure!笑
I'm not convinced that it was worth waiting in line for 35 minutes to eat here at 1:40 pm on a Saturday. $33 and some coins per peep. And since we're on a 3 kick, it's really 3.33 stars. 

I was digging the prime rib with some creamy horseradish, the honey baked ham (maybe even better than honey baked ham, el company?! Yasss), pesto mash (why haven't I done this at home yet??), oven potatoes, and broccolini.

Everything else was kind of a waste of space in the solar system of my belly. They serve brunch until they change over to dinner at 3. Unless you're eating like 5 crab cake benedicts (which they don't have), you're probably not going to eat your money's worth. But you're paying for the variety, not the actual value of food consumed, right? I think I might've enjoyed Paris's breakfast buffet more. 

The desserts are pretty and boring. Really boring. Although their soft serve was as good as most soft serve. Add some sprinkles, please.

Then at 3 pm, the crawfish and their ravioli friends show up to the party. Sadly I was too stuffed by then to join. Oh well.笑
And what to complain? Its the third best buffet in Vegas so I expect a lot, but never I would have thought that their selection is that HUGE!!! They offer a great selection, from salmon tartar, Japanese food, Pasta, Seafood---hmm,, ill rethink, a cold snowcarb but no king crab? Service is okay, decor is a bit outdated but buffet is recommended!笑
for someone like me who eats like a megamonster, i was actually told by all of my friends that i was a waste of a good bellagio buffet meal. 

unbelievable.

i don't have the proper strategy, as my friends would assert, to eat here. apparently to get your $37 worth, you need to eat 2 platefuls of king crab legs, 1 plate of cocktail shrimp, 1 plate of meat & maybe some veggies, 1 plate of random stuff like carbs(pasta, rice) and whatever other stuff you couldnt fit in your plate beforehand, and then a plate of fruit & dessert. MY FRIENDS CAN EAT. i was defeated. 

i believe the food was worth the 1+ hour wait. i enjoyed the spicy tuna hand roll, the beef/lamb, and a bunch of other food. i ate ONE king crab leg and was over it, but i sure did get my money's (and calories...) worth with dessert. i ate about 50000 desserts and i was truly impressed with each one of them!!! i would come back just to eat all of the desserts!!!笑
This buffet is definitely one of the better buffets on the strip and worth stopping by. I cam here for Sunday brunch which is always popular here.  The line came out onto the casino floor when I arrived with my party so it was a bitI of a wait.  Once inside we were showed to our table and made a dash to start plating up some food.  Many different items to choose from including fresh sliced turkey and prime rib and omelets made to order.  The scrambled eggs in the buffet were very runny but the omelet man was able to cook up some fresh ones that were well done.  The server was busy of course but pretty attentive and easy to get a hold of for more drinks and champagne. Can't go wrong with a champagne brunch! The desserts were excellent and it's always difficult to save room but definitely try! The coffee is always outstanding. I try to have at least 2 cups of it there.  Highly recommend!!笑
Went to Bellagio Buffet last week when a few friends came to town. We went to the buffet for dinner and I'm glad I wasn't disappointed.  I'm a value buffet eater.  I'll sit there and eat 3-4 plates of crab legs before I make a move for the Prime Rib. =)  The crab legs were delicious and fresh.  The prime rib was soft and tender and melted in my mouth, pretty good for a buffet.  I did try a few other things that were above average, but I can't remember them right now.  The desserts were pretty good.  My gf has a big sweet tooth so she grabbed one of each and most were pretty good.  I especially liked the creme brulee and the chocolate and peanut butter bar, I guess its called.  Overall, we will go back again.笑
Best buffet I've ever been to -- although even at 4:30 PM, you will have to stand in line for about an hour.
Cost about $37 when I went, and it was better than some $45 buffets I've been to in LA.
All-you-can-eat Macarons? Yes indeed.笑
Four stars (and barely four stars) for the buffet at the Bellagio. Lunch for one was $30.30.

Food selection was surprisingly limited. Maybe I had a false idea in my head that it was going to be wall-to-wall gourmet food. 

It was not. 

It was a decent selection of good food. Not incredible, just good. 

As I tasted a number of the foods I experienced a common theme: blandness. The sliders didn't have great flavor (or any at all). The lo mein was generic. The fried rice had no flavor. The flank steak was nothing like what I've experienced at Brazilian steakhouses around the country. 

When it came time for dessert the choices were more than sufficient. The mousse had good texture and great presentation. The mini donuts were a palatable treat. The "Disappointing Dessert" award goes to the bread pudding. Although the flavor was right and texture was on par, as it sat on my plate it looked like old scrambled eggs. 

Chances are that you haven't read this far, but props to you if you have. 

Bite the bullet, get out there, and eat at the Bellagio Buffet just to say you've done it. It far surpasses the 'ole GC (That's Golden Corral for you buffet n00bz) but it's no 5-star restaurant.笑
Usually not a big fan of buffets but I make it a point to visit one per Vegas visit to see how it compares.

To begin with: The price under the week for Dinner is 35$ incl tax and then I tip 5$ for the server. So 40$ in total.

Then I see the lineup. This doesn't concern me because I am MLife Noir so I just walk up and get my table but seriously I would never wait in such a long line, especially not for the type of food at a buffet. But to each his/her own.

The server was nice and then after ordering something to drink I took a little walk around to see what is being offered (always do that and get a picture first before filling your plate and stuff yourself with things you regret later). I mean seriously: You pay 40$ for a buffet, why would you fill yourself up with pizza?

The meat section usually has the best value at a buffet, they had prime rib which was pretty good but not astonishing, Rotisserie Chicken and Turkey as well as 'Kobe Beef'. Now let's stop right there. To actually say this is Kobe Beef is an insult to peoples intelligence. Nothing of that had anything to do with premium Kobe Beef. Maybe Kobe, Idaho. It was bad to the point of me wondering if they got this at a Costco. Anyway...

So after looking around I stuck to the prime rib, some salad, seafood (the crab legs were pretty good I have to say) and shrimp. I was disappointed by the hot seafood section as there was really nothing special there.

The desserts were good quality even though not wide in variety but the lemon meringue as well as the carrot cake were delicious.

The environment: It's Vegas so expect the usual. Yet there were not as many tables like at some other buffets so you can carry your plates without bumping into people every left and right.

For the impression it was good, in the end I had an ok dinner. Was it worth 40$. maybe not but once again it's Vegas so why regret? But if you are at the Bellagio better spend the 40$ on an Appetizer and a Drink at Olives.

Buffet wise I had much much better experiences including at lower graded hotels like the Paris.

Enjoy!
-s笑
Id give this 3 1/2 stars if it werent for the LONG lines and bitchy service staff. The price was fair and the quality and selection was pretty good. Waited 30 minutes in line at 1:30pm on a Monday for lunch. Tried to go to dinner at 6pm the night before but the line was out into the casino and although we didnt wait prob would have been at least 90 minutes or longer. 
At one point I went to scoop some gravy onto my plate but the only spoon in the gravy was slotted;/ so I borrowed the sppon next to it (which was not in gravy) and the man behind the sneeze glass came unglued!!! LOL he shouted "why you not ask me for different spoon? Now its all contaminated and I cannot serve!!!!" I apologized but suggested he wasnt standing there when I needed the spoon and its silly to put a slotted spoon in gravy but he wasnt listening and didnt care as he was too busy acting like an overdramatic little bitch. 
Salad was great, rotisserie chicken was great......decent prices for B, L & D (approx $15, $20, and $30). Be prepared to eat off schedule meals or wait in a long line.笑
I think it's the Best breakfast Buffett in Vegas. Everything was fresh and tasty great. Not sure if it's worth $20 a person though. If you are in the hotel or nearby then it's worthwhile for sure.笑
You come to Vegas for the best and this is it. Being a Vegas born resident I have tried many buffets and the Bellagio tops my list.

Pros:
Great selection of : salmon, bass, cold and hot seafood 
Amazing beef such as the turkey Kobe beef, and prime rib
Huge selection of deserts which include: flan, ice cream, cakes, fruits, baked good and termiasu.
Great crab

Cons:
Long wait usually 45- 1 hour+

My favorite dishes were the prime rib and the hot, juicy muscles, and i loved the snow crab. If your like me that can eat a lot of gourmet food the Bellagio is the best bang for your buck.笑
It just didn't do it for me.  For years, the big debate seemed to be between the buffet at Caesar's and the buffet at the Bellagio for tops in Vegas.  After getting a chance to try the Bellagio buffet in February 2016, I can attest to the fact that Caesar's buffet is better.  Granted, it had been a couple years since I was at Caesar's, but I came away with very positive memory of my experience.  The Bellagio buffet is cramped and the food is underwhelming.  Yes, it does have the coveted pre-split Alaskan king crab legs.  But, they are the smallest I've ever seen.  They are served cold, not steamed.  They do have a variety of meats including a beef wellington and a kobe beef, however, the meats simply did not taste good.  The lamb chops were the exception.  The other bright spot was the caviar.  At the end of the day, I will seek other places to eat when in Vegas.笑
Dinner review.  Duck breast was perfect in every way. Beef Wellington was just okay.  Lamb chops were very tender but overdone. Five of us at the table and everyone left full and happy.笑
Overall, a great buffet. The weekend lines are always long so you need to come prepared to wait at least 30 min to 1 hour. The quality of the food is a notch above all others and at the same level as that of the Wynn. I've tried both and I give the Bellagio buffet a slight edge. 

If you have to try one buffet in Vegas, this is the one.笑
Beware the buffet line is extremely long. We started waiting at 9:30ish (after watching the fountain show!) and finally entered the food realm an hour later. It was on a typical Tuesday. At 10, the lady who works there announced: "Food will be taken away at ten thirty. There is no refund. Again, NO refund." The buffet closes at 11.. 

Iono if it was the long wait or the condescending tone... my friend and I vowed to eat everything in sight. At 10:28, we (2 girls) finally sat down and had 8 plates of food on our table. I could sense server ladies smiling and three Chinese girls taking pics and snickering. I bet those are on somewhere on fb lol. We didn't care. We just digged in. We never finished.. felt bad we wasted so much food but oh well they were gonna throw em away anyways..

The food was just normal buffet. Maybe we had too much high hope? Thought Bellagio Buffet would be much more. Dessert was awesome tho :)笑
Reasonable buffet prices with variety of options? Go to Bellagio! I came on a Monday night for dinner and it was only $36.99/person, consisting of seafood, sushi, asian, salad,american,desserts,etc. The desserts looked amazing but some was too sweet or bland. However, there were different variety of fishes such as salmon, trout,cod,etc. There wasn't a lot of sushi options which was a bit of a  disappointment but there was a large selection of snow crabs. If you are a seafood lover, come eat here!笑
Bellagio's buffet is not as good and famous as it claimed to be or as it was reviewed to be.  I can enjoy the same high seafood quality and other much higher quality food at other (a little bit) less expensive buffet in Vegas.

I will say, it is not worth the price and time.笑
I really wasn't impressed by this buffet at all. For the amount of time that I waited in line and the amount of money I had to pay, you're better off visiting "Cravings" at Mirage for a lesser price or the buffet at Paris. If you really want to drop a couple bucks on a good buffet, go to the Buffet at the Wynn--you won't be disappointed there.笑
Pros:
The crab legs are already pre-cut. Yay for no painful and tedious shell-cracking for small pieces of crab meat.
Great omlettes!
Really good for breakfast.
LOVED the dessert.

Cons:
Overpriced.
Not enough variety.

Would love to go again.....if it wasn't $35.00.笑
this is my favorite buffet.  it may not look as fancy as the wynn's, but over the years it has never failed me.  boo on the veryvery long lines.  you have to go at 11am for lunch to avoid them.  they have a good mix of things, and most are pretty good.  for a buffet, this is some good food..笑
This place is the best. The shrimp were large and had no veins. ( not like Rio ) . The king crab was precut. Very easy to eat. Prime rib was great. Worth every $. Best buffet I have been to for $32. Will be back.笑
Went there 7-19-16 .. They rushed us in and told us we had 30 minutes to eat why bother letting people in!!! ..the food was nasty ..fish was dry and bland .gross..I will admit the roast beef was good nice and rare ...the crab legs were like tooth pics and the worst part was the staff started cleaning up for the night while we were eating ..WARNING ..DO NOT EAT HERE...for $78 plus tip go somewhere else ....seriously笑
To quote my son the food was amazing.  Good variety but not too big that quality is sacrificed.笑
Come here for dinner...nom nom nom!!  We came on a weekday, so the line was not that big.  The food was great!  They had just about everything you could want!  The prime rib was great and so were the crab legs!  The crab legs are split so it's easy to eat!  Yum yum yum!!  I would definitely come here for dinner again!笑
All I can say is.......MEH.  

First off, I expected better.  At Rio, i can usually eat something like 2-3 big plates of shrimp cocktail.  I ate 1 plate at bellagio.  It's not because I was watching my diet or trying to fit into a sexy dress at night or saving room for something else.  It was because there was something wrong.  It just didn't taste good.  How do you screw up shrimp cocktail?  

Next, the crab wasn't that good.  Usually I can eat at least 5 plates of stacked crab legs.  I mean, 5 points for cutting the king crab legs in half so you don't have to work on cracking them and getting angry and cutting your fingers trying to eat faster.  But the quality just wasn't there.  I'd rather have to crack my crab so that I could eat something tastier.  It was dry, and a hit or miss.  Probably frozen for too long.  Not fresh.  

Third, the sashimi was disgusting.  Is this what Americans think sashimi is like?  NOT fresh at all.  I couldn't eat the plate I got because I had this fear of eating bad fish.  And having eaten bad fish at one point in my life, it definitely was NOT worth the risk.  I had some spicy tuna, but come on, SPICY TUNA??? 

Next, the kobe beef wasn't kobe at all.  Why call it kobe??? Just call it beef jerky.  

The chilean bass was pretty good.  I can't believe i had something to eat.  Oh, the pesto mashed potatoes were pretty good, but come on, I'm here for seafood.  Not potatoes.  

There were no king crab claws like at rio. 

Skipped the carb dishes like bread, pastas, etc.  Not coming back.  

Two stars because dessert was pretty good.  By pretty good I mean that the creme brulee was good.  I did NOT get my moneys worth.  I get angry just thinking about paying for bad food.  That's all.笑
Went for Father's Day brunch. Had been very excited to come for a long time due to many recommendations from friends and family. Incredibly underwhelmed by the decor. It almost felt like a school cafeteria mixed with a Hometown Buffet, especially with the soft serve machine. You can really tell the Bellagio has been around for a while based on the interior design. Brunch was $15 more per person due to the special occasion but it didn't seem to add anything special, extra, or unique. 

Tried a little bit of everything. Eggs benedict was sitting or on a hot plate, quote mediocre, possibly because they were not fresh. Prime rib was quite tough. Had a large shrimp cocktail area. Various baked fish. Salmon was okay, cod was absolutely horrendous. It was like rubber. It's very hard to get fish to a point where it is actually difficult to cut with a knife. They succeeded with the cod. 

They had an assortment of baked goods that looked much better than they tasted. Fruits as well, sliced that were fine, it's hard to mess up slicing fruit to be honest... Biscuits tasted stale. Best thing was the creamed corn, perfectly hometown buffet.

Service was nothing to write home about. For $42 per person, I expected more, and it unfortunately did not deliver. Based on the pictures, the dinner seems to be much superior to the brunch, I did not experience it though.笑
there quality has gone down a bit compared to when they first opened, but still arguably the best buffet in town...and the priciest.

they have a large selection of food from different cultures, and a decent choice of seafood like crab legs, oyster, sashimi, etc...

if you want to eat alotta seafood, i would recommend the rio seafood buffet.笑
Dropped $300 on the Seahawks so I needed to drown my sorrows in something. About 3pounds of King Crab did the trick and washed it down with some Chicken Wellington. 
Overall I'd say this is easily the best buffet in Vegas. $37 ain't cheap but it's on par with most.笑
They have a Caviar Bar! Whoop!  One of the most beautiful upscale hotel & casino's on the Vegas Strip.  The buffet is just as exquisite. The price varies from what day and time you go.  They also offer Champagne Brunch. This buffet is quality food with pretty presentation.  Huge selection.  Try it all笑
I had high hopes for this buffet after reading the reviews but I don't think I'll ever return. There was a strange odor in the air, and a majority of the food was cold and tasteless. 

The king crabs were good, but cold, and the desserts were surprisingly tasty.笑
Bad bad bad. The couple of things that were good, prime rib and roast beef, the servers acted like they were paying for the meats. I had to ask three times for a worthwhile portion of Prime Rib. $120 for three people and I'm walking away thinking I should have just taken them to a standard sit-down restaurant, saved $50 and been happy. From the get-go the experience was bad. Took 15 minutes just to get served water and cokes. The crab legs and sushi had a serious fish smell - bad enough I was afraid to eat them. Don't bother with this big-named buffet. Try somewhere else. What a disappointment.笑
Buffets are either your best friends or your worst enemies. Everything from your craving to what goes on in the actual restaurant is probably a good time. Not so much afterwards. But enjoy it while it lasts. But don't let it last too long or you'll be punished in the gym for it.

While I understand that the Bellagio is a world renown hotel and arguably the top resort on the Strip, I don't know if I can make the same call for this Buffet. 

For one, don't let the long lines deceive you into believing that you're going to be eating some luxury food. The decor resembles the buffet of a Station Casino.

I would give the food 4/5 stars and that's actually pretty nice because I'm still hesitant about the quality of the food. They had the Beef Wellington, in which I have never seen from any other hotel buffet. While that is certainly a unique thing for this buffet, it tasted terrible. The seafood was average to above average. The crab legs were good but even when I asked them to steam em up, they were a bit rude to me AND did a very mediocre job in heating them up. Other than that, all your other foods are like your standard foods that you will find at your nearest resort buffet.

Service was decent. Except all the cooks seemed so bitter, rude and old. Maybe it's explained by their age but I'm certainly in no position to blame their lack of customer service due to age. But being that this hotel is a part of the mega resort Bellagio, their customer service level standards should certainly be in the skies.

I paid about 88 for two because it was a holiday which is typical on special occasions. But to be perfectly honest, I don't see myself coming back here for full price. Half off would do the trick though.笑
ok..here's what y'all need to know

sushi section, ask the sushi chef to hand you one of those freshly made fresh tasting spicy tuna hand rolls...omg...i felt so embarassed since i went there for like...5 or 6 times asking for 10 at least...and my friend even went and asked for me a few times since i was getting embarassed...

grilled lamb chop from the grill section...omg..those things just fly away the moment the grill master puts them out....who can blame them...i grab like at least 3 each time...within 30secs..they'll be all gone 

dessert section is mostly good...the wicket spoon did have a gelato section though

server was very professional and friendly...well worth the money and 1hour+ wait笑
This is my 2nd time eating at this buffet.  It's definitely a splurge for us as they never have 2:1 coupons which we like to use at other casino buffet's.  We were able to apply from mLife credit which helped a little.

With that, this last time we were there on 12/28 for brunch, we had the best server!  She gave us tips on how to get the crab legs steamed (take them to the pizza counter and ask them) so they are nice and hot.  When I couldn't decide on a drink, she offered to just bring both!  

The food here is always top notch.  One thing I missed this time was gelato!  They replaced it with soft serve.  They get points for having raspberry and peach sorbet as well as well chocolate and vanilla.  But honestly, since you can get soft serve at any other buffet, that dings it one star.  Picky I know, but heck, I'm picky.  Service however gets 5 stars this time around.  

Can I also add another reason we went to this buffet was I just won $250 on a Wheel of Fortune slot.  Helped pay for the meal.笑
The only part of the Bellagio buffet that is worth going to is the champaign brunch. It is a bit pricey, but is one of the best brunches I've ever had and is worth checking out.

The rest of the buffet options (especially the "gourmet" dinner) are over priced setups for college cafeteria quality food.
The fish was dry, the meat was tough, and the vegetables tasted like they were out of a can.
The service was also unfriendly and the atmosphere was very cold.

I would recommend going for the champaign brunch, but avoid everything else - there is better quality for better price at other locations.笑
After reading all the incredible reviews about your Friday night Gourmet Dinner, I was enthusiastic about the opportunity of dining at The Buffet. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed. There was nothing gourmet about this dinner. 

I arrived at 9:15pm and clearly paid prior to entering the buffet. I was hungry and excited to enjoy the culinary delights. The dining tables were dirty with trash all over the floor. This was quite unexpected. Furthermore, service was horrendous. My plates were never cleared promptly upon completion of my meal. I would return from the buffet line to the same set of plates, with no room to place my new plates. The buffet food options were also unacceptable. The seafood was not fresh, rather suspiciously fishy and to the point where it might have been spoiled. There were limited options as items were not replenished even though the buffet remains open until 10:30pm. The "Kobe" beef was tough, dry, and inedible.

Don't go here, spend the same amount of money and go to Sushisamba at the Palazzo!笑
As many of friend highly recommend this buffet, I had a high expectation. I think it missed a little bit but for the mostly part, this is a very nice buffet to hit in Vegas. 

We went around 4pm to avoid the long wait. I was overwhelmed by varieties of the items. I tried different dish for one or two bits. 

My favorite ones: Spanish Paella with Shellfish. Moisture rice with tender shrimp and shellfish. 
Shrimp pizza: Yes. Pizza. I am surprised the wonder taste of shrimp pizza. 
Ahi Poke: fresh tuna with perfect spicy taste. 
Miso soup with mushroom. 
And Dessert! especially Tiramisu. I think I could go next time to just eat the dessert. 

I was not impressed with prime rib nor leg of lamb. Snow crab legs and king crab legs are fine but nothing special. Swordfish and grilled Salmon were dry.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio  was good and worth the lunch price of $21.00. Most buffets offer the same types of foods and desserts with a few new ones added or just on special occasions. Most of the selections at the Bellagio Buffet are unique. The pastas, pizza, meats and desserts were very good and could not be found in any other buffets.笑
The buffet at the Bellagio was exactly what we had expected.  Quantity and Quality.  The one thing I was hoping for was just to be a step higher than the other buffets in terms of selection of food as it was the typical run of the mill selections.

But don't get me wrong, the food items out were of a good quality and never ran out. The service was very good and the cleanliness of the buffet areas and dining areas were impeccable.

For the value, you got what you paid for. The family enjoyed and we were stuffed.  We will definitely be back, but I heard that the Cesar's Palace buffet was he best.  We'll see.笑
We went here brunch time and there was no line which was very convenient for us.  I loved the selection of food here even when it was only brunch time.  I'm a dessert person and I can say that the selection during that time was ample and satisfying.  The waitress was very friendly and served us very well.  Price was okay as was all the food selection at that time.  I haven't personally tried the dinner buffet here but will definitely try eating here again at another time.笑
It's not the best buffet in Vegas anymore, that's for sure. I almost want to give it 2 stars, but I think it's still better than most buffets. 

I came here a couple of days before Christmas because my friend had a front of the line pass. I was so glad he had that because the line looked pretty long. It was nice to just be able to walk in. It cost $48 because of holiday prices, but it didn't seem that worth it. 

They had Alaskan King Crab legs and the standard snow crab legs and prime rib. They even had a Kobe round, which looked better than it tasted. The meat was tough and not good at all. I should have figured when the lady took forever slicing everybody else's meat and didn't even bother with mine, so I ended up with a thick 1 1/2 inch piece. Both types of crab legs were not very tasty. The dessert offerings did not include crepe and gelato, which I thought was standard fare for the higher end buffets. Everything I tasted was just bleh and not worth the price.

I've been to Bellagio quite a few times before and used to regard it as one of the better buffets in Vegas. After this last time though, I was really disappointed and probably won't be returning anytime soon.笑
Ate here during the weekend brunch.  SO AMAZING.  And for only $33 with champagne, in Vegas?  Such a good deal.

Had biggest selection ever, with the highest quality ever.  

My entire group of 10 people wanted to cry when we were full and couldn't eat anymore, because there was just so much more delicious food to try!!!笑
Not the best buffet I've been to. The variety was subpar. 

There was a prior rib that was good. The Kobe steak was not as good. The crab was very salty. But the nice part is that they have it sliced so you don't have to crack it.笑
I'm not complaining about the price because I knew in advance that it was $40 per person (price as of this past Saturday night).

So much food to choose from!!! 

The meat is delicious: prime rib, beef wellington, LAMB CHOPS, pork belly, and on...

Crab legs, prawns, sushi, caviar, cerviche, I couldn't get through all the seafood options.

Salads, asparagus, cheeses, cured meats, soups, olive breads, there was no way I could get to it all.

So many desserts: amazing cheesecake, macrons, lemon meringue, chocolate desserts, ice creams, bread pudding, fruit, etc.

So much food and all of it good. Some of the servers were great and friendly (especially the guy chopping up the medium rare beef and pork belly) though one woman seating us rolled her eyes when my friend asked if we could wipe down the table because it had food on it. Another guy, serving the beef wellington, was really grouchy and was yelling at one of his co workers rather than letting anyone have any of his dish. I had to yell "excuse me" about 5 times to get his attention. The guy dishing out the caviar was also rude because I didn't know the names of the different kinds. "Can I please try the black caviar?" I asked. His terse answer: "UH, It's called American caviar!" I've never had caviar before and had no idea, ha ha!

Overall, a good time and good food. I was stuffed and can't eat like this all the time, so it was a treat!笑
Went there after seeing the program on travel channel and friends recommendation.  DISAPPointed.  At $30 a person, the selection was poor.  Nothing stands out as a great buffet. Line was 30 minute long.  Not sure what the buzz was about.  Would not go there for dinner again.笑
3-stars, and I feel like that's sorta generous for the Bellagio buffet.

I had been to the buffett at Bellagio years ago for brunch and didn't recall it sticking out as extraordinary but didn't remember it being bad either. We stay at Bellagio regularly but for some reason I hadn't been back to the buffet until this last trip. I wasn't too impressed. 

The line was fairly long, which is fine, but as we got closer to the front we could see tons of tables and it seemed like they were purposely keeping the line long. Perhaps they do that to make it more appealing to passers-by "oh it must be good, look at the line!"

The food selection was plentiful, if you can't find something to eat given all the choices there's something wrong with you. I love prime rib and it was tastey but the slices were pretty small. They had some good mushroom ravioli going on and the vegies were nice and fresh. So I will say the entree was good, both plates worth....

The desserts were surprisingly bad. None of us in our group liked the dessert. It should be noted that we are not food snobs by any stretch and we enjoy a good dessert as much as the next person. BUT, when going to a buffet in an establishment the caliber of Bellagio I'd expect the desserts to knock my socks off. They didn't. The portions were very small, the selection was pretty skimpy and we all commented that the textures were odd and the desserts were all flavorless. What a let down.笑
This review is more towards 3.5 stars but 3 seems to little. I enjoyed this buffet. I am not normally a fan of buffets but this was the best one I have been to. They literally have just about every type of food or craving you could think of. I really enjoyed the seafood options both cooked and the small sushi selections. I also sampled so many other foods I cant remember or list them all. But just for an idea there was bbq brisket, ham, turkey, salads, soups, various potatoes, etc.... The dessert array was awesome from ice cream to tart, puddings, cakes and more. Everyone I tried was delicious. We came for an early dinner around 6:00pm and we timed it perfect was a short wait, however when we were leaving the line was all the way out into the casino.笑
It was supposed to stay in Vegas! Why did those extra couple of pounds follow me home? And now all of Yelp can read about it and know the unhidden truth about what I did in Sin City.

This is the best buffet I've had in Vegas. They have a terrific variety of cold salads, unusual and delicious. The hot dishes are also really good, great recipes and not too much essence of prepared to sit on a steam table. It's huge, perhaps by taking just a little bit on my plate each time and going back for more I can walk off the calories? And desserts, too good to pass by even though I visualized practicing restraint before I went, but hey it's going to stay in Vegas!

The best thing to do afterwards would be to go for a long brisk walk and enjoy the sights  of the casinos. What I did  was go to the atrium and plop onto a couch, craning my face upwards and soaking in the beautiful glass ceiling flower garden by Chihuly, then shift couches to have yet another view. Then a short stroll to the Dancing Fountains. Sounds so cheesy, it was quite a surprise to not only enjoy it but be moved by its beauty.笑
I went at 3:30pm so I was able to enjoy both their lunch and dinner offerings, since dinner began at 4pm!  Also, there was no line to get in.

I particularly enjoyed the kobe beef top sirloin (dinner only) but was a little dismayed by how rare my cut was.  The veal osso bucco was excellent and tender, the meat was very soft and well-flavored.  The paella was also delicious but a little runny.  There was a large selection of grilled/baked/steamed/what have you fish filets, including tilapia, salmon, and cod.  I particularly liked their cod.  The sushi selection is limited, featuring only the usual suspects you'd see anywhere that serves sushi and nigiri.  No eel :(

As for the snow crab legs, they were cold (but aren't they cold everywhere?).  My only real complaint is that they were kind of too salty.  I didn't gorge on those like I normally do at buffets, but that's fine since I was saving room for dessert.

The dessert selection was impressive.  Not only was it vast but the pre-plated desserts were actually complex and innovative, not just variations on yellow cake.  The banana walnut cake was a sleeper hit -- it was amazing and actually distinguished itself from a banana walnut muffin that I'm so used to eating.  The tirimisu had a real alcoholic kick, which I liked.  The miniature ice cream cones filled with vanilla or dark chocolate cremes were delicious -- bonus points to the vanilla one because its cone is lined with nutella on the inside.  As for the un-plated desserts, like bread pudding and bananas foster, I did not try them.  They appeared to be forgotten and unappealing since that section of the dessert bar was not even lighted... o.O 

Overall I was satisfied with eating at The Big B.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive, checking up regularly and bringing us our drinks in a timely manner.  Entree foods that aren't supposed to be oily were not oily -- nothing was heavier than it should be.  So many buffets have trouble with this, but Bellagio's does not.  I was glad to be able to try everything I wanted to try before my stomach got stuffed!笑
Definitely a Vegas staple and used to be a must-visit (before Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet opened, which is only $5 more and significantly better). Great selection of entrees but the dessert station will disappoint. Service is prompt and courteous.笑
Solid 4-star for lunch. Would even go back without comps. Food was tasty, nice selection, and desserts were very good. Not sure about dinners, but lunch selection could satisfy most palates. Good selection of Italian, Asian, and American foods. Was worth the $20 lunch charge.笑
I had eaten at this buffet despite having stayed at the Venetian, as the Venetian offers no buffet.

I don't know how the price of this buffet compares to many others, but I had eaten at the Wynn Buffet the night before, and there was an eight dollar price difference (Bellagio=$31.99/Wynn=$39.99). Both were great buffets, but the Bellagio, in my opinion, had more advantages.

I'd have to say that the Bellagio buffet was definitely better in every aspect with the exception of desert. While the Bellagio definitely had some tasty deserts, in my opinion, the Wynn buffet had options like creme brûlée, while the Bellagio had a flan instead. This pretty much paints the picture for both in terms of sweets; however, as I mentioned before, the Bellagio was definitely the better of the two.

Starting with protein, I loved the meats the Bellagio offered. If I remember correctly, there was prime rib, kobe beef, steak, roast turkey, and more. While the steak was to die for, the kobe beef was more of a disappointment. The prime rib was pretty typical for a Las Vegas buffet, and I had not tried the turkey.

The seafood at the Bellagio was definitely superior to the Wynn. The cocktail shrimp were big enough to fit a mouthful, and there had not only been one option of crabs, but two! All you can eat snow crab was good enough, but when I found the Alaskan King Crab, I was in heaven. Unfortunately, they had been served cold; but realistically it must be to accommodate their many customers. There was also sushi with actual raw fish! However, I did question the quality of the sashimi, as Nevada is landlocked, and the fish definitely tasted like it had been frozen. At least they had this option, as the Wynn had not served raw fish.

In terms of the food in general, I definitely recommend the Bellagio. There are a few thing you have to know before going. After 5:30 PM, the line for the buffet becomes ridiculously long. I was fortunate enough to have been told this before going. I had arrived at the entrance of the buffet at around 5:00 PM, and had to wait only 5 min.! Keep this in mind when contemplating when to go, because going early is definitely a perk.笑
Expensive, but worth the long wait in line. I ate so much food and enjoyed the desserts the most. mmmmm....creme brulee. They also have soft serve icecream. The seafood selection was great- The blue fin tuna was the best fish I've ever had at a buffet! I thought that this buffet would totally blow my diet, but there were plenty of healthy options that tasted great!笑
We were quite excited to visit the buffet at the Bellagio with high expectations and we were disappointed. The buffet at the Venetian is far better. 
Meat was undercooked, sushi are dry, Chinese food is ok but paying $37 per person is too much for a Chinese buffet. 
Deserts are good but not fantastic. 
Service is alright.笑
This is the definitely my favorite high class buffet to go to when I'm in Vegas. I would describe this as the best that you can get as far as buffets go, with Wynn at a close 2nd. 

When I eat here, I go crazy on the King Crab Legs. Just eating a few of these babies, and there's your money back already =) If there are no big pieces left, just wait a few minutes because they always replenish the supply every now and then. 

Also they have a very wide range of premium sushi here. From hand rolls, rolls with the seaweed cone and regular sushi. The Salmon pieces on the sushi are very very fresh, and what I do is just eat the Salmon and throw the rice away. Shiet, I'm not wasting my stomach on rice. haha. I've only been here during the holiday season, and they do tend to rack up the prices for federal holidays. But still, this place gets my vote for best buffet in Vegas. Lines can be quite long, so try and get there around 5:30pm for dinner time.笑
Wow, I stopped by here when I was walking on the strip and I was hungry and wanted something to eat before watching Love. I went inside to bask in their air conditioning and check out the gift shop for the cirque show and my eyes got really wide when I saw the buffet.

I got in line and waited for a long long time to get in for dinner. It was pretty expensive, ended up being between 40-50 bucks a person, but I thought the selection inside was worth it.

The food was grouped by cuisine, and there were so many things to choose from. I got stuck with the crab legs and shrimp for a while. Their sushi was passable for buffet food, and I had a sampling from each little section. Their hummus and tabouli were good, and the dessert was very yummy.

-1 star for the wait in line, and being seated in the middle of a bunch of families with little kids.笑
Really "high end" food. Lunch was only $19.95/person. If ur looking for a good buffet in Vegas, try this one.笑
Seriously one of the best eggs benedict that I have ever had from a buffet. Rich, buttery perfected hollandaise sauce.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is the best. 
Put your fat pants on & getting ready to eat! 
I know that $40 for a dinner buffet seems like a lot, but if you sit there long enough, it is well worth the price. I starved myself all day long for this meal and it was incredible! I ate for at least 3 hours straight. G-zus! The king crab legs, the shrimp cocktail, the white chocolate dipped strawberries, and of course their creme brulee. HOT DAMN, I love me some creme brulee. I was hovering over the dessert station for the last hour of my meal. Omg, I want some now.笑
I think I literally gained 5 pounds just in one sitting after eating here.

After doing a little research on Yelp on the must-try buffets in Vegas, my friends and I hit up the Bellagio lunch buffet on a Saturday.  The only previous Vegas buffet experience I have to compare it to is the one at MGM Grand.

Bellagio...you did not disappoint!  There were quite a lot of options for me to choose from as a vegetarian.  Vegetarian sushi, two types of seaweed salad (I'm addicted to this stuff!), excellent pizza, herbed polenta, and prepared salads such as the heirloom tomato.  The penne pasta was excellent too since it was garnished with fresh basil.  I'm a sucker for it.

The dessert bar was beautiful.  My friend and I had fun taking photos of all the pastries.  We grabbed ALL of them and took them back to our table to share.  The 6 of us decided that the cheesecake garnished with blueberries was the winner.

One of my friends added on the unlimited champagne for an additional $5 to the tab but it was too early for me to start drinking.  The overall price for the lunch buffet is also about $5 cheaper than that of the Wynn's.  You can read my review on that too.

The one hour wait to try the food was definitely worth it.  I shall return!  Except next time I may bring along a wheel barrow so I can get carted out of there in my food coma state.笑
Perhaps indicative of decline in tourism? Not sure but it's very obvious that the Buffet is not what it used to be. "Kobe" beef roast? Not even close. Prime rib? Who knows but both were so dry and overlooked. Crab legs were so water-logged. Other buffet items were subpar. Sushi is okay. They make rolls with way too much rice and offer little filling. 

Too many other restaurant choices to go back anytime soon...or ever again for that matter.笑
Whoa.  Talk about gluttony.  Wonderful wonderful gluttony!  

Having missed out on the Vegas buffet experience the last time we made it point this time.  And since we were staying in the Bellagio, and it's supposedly the "it" buffet on the strip our decision was easy!  

Sushi, and meats, and cheeses, and fish and gorgeous salad bad!  Oh my goodness!  So after 3 plates, and then 3 tiny dessert plates we walked out ashamed to have eaten so much and took a nap like you would on Thanksgiving!  Except, I definitely did not wake up wanted seconds!  Stuffed!笑
Just another way overpriced eatery. Food is OK but nothing to pay $50+ for.
The best/worst thing is that the bottom of your receipt says : "Thank you for limiting your dining experience to 2 hours". For that kind of money one can "limit" his/her dining experience to 2 days! Also, parking fees are another thing to mention. They expect you to gamble and pay premium price for their buffet and on the top will charge you for parking your car. Wake up MGM! Your greed will drive your business to the ground.笑
All buffets should be modeled after this one.  We had about 3 hours to kill before leaving for the airport, so we decided to slowly eat lunch.  One little plate here, one little plate there.... you get the picture.  Well.... there is so much to choose from .... and EVERYTHING is good.  Totally worth the wait.笑
I love their breakfast and brunch buffet. The food is always fresh and all items are always filled. Staff is very friendly. There is usually a 10 min wait to sit, but that's normal for these buffets. I'm a big coffee drinker and the belligio has great coffee. That just tops off the experience for me.笑
What a 360 in terms of service and food experience.  The management really took a lot of effort to make me feel that they cared about what happened.  Suffice to say, we tried the buffet again this past weekend.  It was great.  The food was awesome and the service was great.  The meat selection was phenomenal...so excited that they had rack of lamb, T-bone lamb w/cous cous.  I use to think crab legs were awesome but after having lamb...YUM.
Anyways, if you are in Vegas and you plan on eating a Buffet, might as well go to Bellagio.  Won't be disappointed.  Just make sure you get there by 5 to avoid the lines.笑
I guess for a $45 buffet, it has a nice wide selection of meats and foods. 

First: get there early if you want to avoid an 1hr + wait, especially if you are with friends or a large group. 

Second: The meat selection when I came was alright, although their "kobe" beef was absolutely disgusting, my friend raved about their brocolini, but I did enjoy some of the less fancy stuff like the prime rib, pesto mash potatoes, and there sashimi. I mean I feel like you cannot never win your money's worth at a vegas buffet, but this place wasnt too bad.

Third: didn't care for the seafood crab legs etc so I have nothing to add to that

Fourth: Their dessert selection is pretty good although most desserts are just pretty to look at, things were either too sweet or etc. The creme brulee was alright but again, desserts are cute and pretty, but not SO GOOD that I needed to get more of it. 

My waiter also sucked major balls because he never refilled my damn OJ and looked cranky all the time.笑
Best buffet on the strip! My family used to only go to this buffet when they would take me as a kid and I always thought it was great, but I had nothing to compare it to. Then, as I got older and started coming here with other families or with my friends (now that I'm over 21!), I still maintain that the Buffet at Bellagio is simply the best.

My most recent experience was last week, and I'm friend knows what's up when it comes to buffets - the Bellagio. We decided to come here just before our drive home because we knew no one would be hungry after going here. (If you get here at about 3:45, you pay the lunch price but they put out the dinner at 4:00...yes!) All of the Italian food in the buffet is wonderful...the pizza is great. They also have crab and prime rib, so good. The desserts are better than most buffet desserts and the service was very friendly!笑
Excellent.  Easily the best Buffet in Las Vegas.  Pricey as usual, but definetly worth it.

Bon Apetit :)笑
Lunch Buffet Review!!!

Variety of Cuisines... Food doesn't flow superbly well. 
Imagine on your plate: Prime Rib, Rack of Lamb, Sushi, Stir-fry, Breakfast dishes... etc etc. 

Rolled sushi sucks soooo bad. but the Spicy Tuna Hand Roll Made to order is exceptional. 

Quality is pretty up there for being a buffet.
Desserts Galore. 10+ types of cakes.. 
Service A+. 
Price so so. $20+ for lunch.. 
Waiting in line for an hour.
Overall though, it was just ok.笑
YUM, the quality of food here is amazing for a buffet.  The sushi is relatively high-grade, and there are obviously tons of options.  Dinner is around $40/person plus tip for your "server" who really only brinks you drinks and coffee.  I love the pesto mashed potatos and the sea bass!笑
Not my favorite buffet yet. But it is up there. They have everything you would want. The only meat that was disappointing to me was the cut of prime rib. It wasn't tender enough for my liking. Also, the seafood wasn't amazing, although I did like the ahi and salmon poke. The rack of lamb is something I would recommend.笑
Thought it was going to be a good buffet after waiting in line for 45 mins! Wrong! The food was mediocre at best! It was the lunch buffet with not many options! The seafood selection was creole rice, oysters, shrimp cocktail and fish and more fish!  No crab! You think with the fried rice, pork buns etc... There would be meat selections to place over the rice? Umm nope, just dry chicken skewers! Only thing I enjoyed were the desserts! Filled up on desserts! Didn't bother to try any meat, because the ham was down to the ham bone, turkey was almost gone and prime rib was chewy according to my friend! Go elsewhere!!笑
This is one of my go to buffets in Las Vegas. I've tried a number of times to get into Bacchanal, but the line is worse that lines at Disneyland. I ate here this past Sunday around 7pm and to my surprise, I was able to walk all the way to the cashier without having to wait in line.

I LOVE the food here. It's the only buffet that I am aware of that serves poke. They have both tuna and salmon poke and it is absolutely delicious!!!!!!!!! I also love the fact that they serve king crab here. Most of the buffets I go to serve snow crab, so it's not very often that I get to eat king crab. 

Table service is very prompt considering how busy this place gets. Dirty plates are picked up just about as soon as you are done with the plate and drink refills come around before you even finish your drink. 

There is a carving station that I like, but sometimes it's a hit and miss. The prime rib is usually ok, although sometimes it was too overdone for my liking. There was kobe beef at the carving station during my last visit, but it was WAY to well done for my liking. I like my beef red, especially if it's kobe.笑
Had this buffet for dinner about 3 weeks ago. It was spectacular. I have never seen so much food in my life. And just about everything I added to my plate was good. I think we paid around 30.00 per person and I thought it was worth every penny. Get there early, though (we arrived at 6pm and there was no line; 90 minutes later, it was unbelievable!!) Make sure to try a little of everything. Otherwise you'll feel deprived. Enjoy!笑
Sitting at the buffet and letting the food settle in my stomach. I'm disappointed that had more dessert than dinner at this place. That's only because there isn't much variety. There's a salad bar and a small section with different soups like chicken noodle soup and creamy potato and bacon soup. There's plenty of dessert options with chocolate and vanilla ice cream soft serve machines. The sushi selection is low. There's at least 4 kind of pizza and 4 kinds of pasta. Well of course there's the meat area which serves roasted turkey, chicken, BBQ ribs, prime rib and sausages. There's other dishes like fried rice and fried noodles but nothing worth mentioning. One server helped us the entire time we were there. She was super friendly and cleared the plates often and refilled our drinks. Won't be back.笑
The best buffet on the Las Vegas strip, hands down.  Although relatively expensive for the buffets in Vegas, the quality here is top notch at the Bellagio Buffet.  I was agog when I saw the lovely delicate sweets available, along with the crab legs, sushi, filets, etc.  The variety and quality is fantastic here.  Everything here was very fresh as well, nothing looked like it had been sitting and I was even comfortable with the sushi.  

If you are in the center strip area, I would highly recommend going to this buffet above all others.笑
I did my research before coming here, listed consistently as one of the best buffets in vegas, and well, it didn't disappoint. We came for supper, but we came on a weekday and early (around 4:30) to avoid the line. And boy are we glad... by the time we left, which was just past 7, there was a line that went out to the entrance of the buffet already! 

It's not the most expensive buffet, supper cost about 37 dollars, which is pretty decent, considering how expensive things are on the strip. (Literally, one banana was selling for 1$ each at Walgreens... so much for trying to be healthy) 
The food is pretty good too, there are snow crab legs (which were awesome), Kobe beef (YUMMMM), Sushi and Tuna or Salmon Poke (drools), and a variety of other things. The variety doesn't quite beat Bacchanal, but I think the quality may have been ever so slightly better... that or I just liked their crab more hahaha. The pasta was pretty unimpressive, but come on, nobody goes to a buffet for pasta... 

The only complaint that I have is that their dessert table is a bit small compared to the other places... and they don't have a gelato bar! They do have 2 machines that are self served soft serve ice creams/sorbets, but it's nothing like standing behind the glass of the gelato bar staring into the wonderful colours of different flavors of gelato. 

The other desserts are actually pretty good, though by that time I was already up to my ears in food... so it makes it a little harder to appreciate 

All in all, it was a good meal, worth the price! But if you're here just for the dessert you may leave disappointed.笑
My family & I came here out of desperation because we were on a time limit (we had a cirque show at 7 pm) and Bacchanal informed us it would be a 6 hour wait and we'd have to come back and line up at 8:30 pm.  Being close to NYE and all, we had no dinner reservations and as a last resort, came to The Buffet.  

It's $10 less than Bacchanal but if I had a choice, I seriously would have given even an extra $15-20 to get into Bacchanal because this was a big mistake (I was at Bacchanal last year).  It is 1/3 the size of Bacchanal and the variety of food is lacking.  

There are crab legs and you see a lot of people piling it onto their plates (to the point where a whole chain of people are lining up and the people who lack any consideration are still piling it onto their plates).  I tried some and they're seriously not worth the hype that these people make it out to.  They were much too salty and lacked crisp freshness (but they weren't unfresh either).  

The only good thing they had was prime rib with their kalbi sauce.  Their salmon fillet was also not bad.  However, everything else lacked a wow factor.  It was like any other buffet I've been to.  The desserts weren't good either.  

So now that I've been to both Bacchanal and The Buffet, which one would I pick?  Definitely Bacchanal wins.  Bellagio seriously needs to vamp up and get their act together and improve on their buffet because Bacchanal is seriously stealing their thunder.  Big time.  So much to the point where, had I not had a show to watch, I *definitely* would have waited 6 hours for Bacchanal instead.笑
The buffet at Bellagio, which is famous place in Las Vegas, is the luxurious buffet place I ever go. That place is in the hotel on the main strip of Las Vegas. The hotel makes me feel like I am staying in a utopia, and around the buffet they have a shopping center, another restaurant, and casino. The food at this place is credible, and all of their food look so fresh. They have an abundance of menus. For example, breakfast, lunch, and dinner menus have different kinds of food; in addition, they have copious amounts of food of different countries, which gave us a lot of choice. When I went there, I saw they had a lot of customers persevering in waiting in line a long time, and some people had to wait for hours. They make and design the food adeptly, making the customers feel likes they want to eat more. They have an ingenious food arrangement. The main dishes are separate from the dessert, which that was the one important thing that made the customer easily find what they want to eat. I think the price is not too expensive, even though the price changes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The service looks jovial, and they care about us very much. The service here resolves crowds very fast. I felt despondent because there was not much Japanese food, and the Chinese food is not good because the taste is very salty. The place is hard to find. When I go there I have to go to the casino to find it, and the direction is not clear. However, next time I will try the dinner at this place.笑
Well ... the food is very good and the choices are impressive. But overall, it was a grueling experience. We got in line at 5:25 p.m., hoping to eat at 6 because we wanted to leave at 8 for a 9 p.m. show. However, we waited in line for almost an hour an a half. My companion nearly blacked out from low blood sugar. 

Then we waited in more lines to get food, including 15 minutes for crab legs while people piled their plates as high as they could. (Hey, dude, the ocean called and they're running out of crab.) Another bottleneck was having to wait in line behind people having sushi hand-rolled for them, just to get served the Caesar and two other pre-made salads. They should've had two chefs there instead of one doing both. 

We ended up feeling rushed and stressed, which is disappointing after paying $55 apiece for a meal. (And we didn't have time to change before our show, which put a damper on the evening.) The prices for Christmas Eve dinner were considerably more than stated on the website. Our server was a pro, if not a charmer. The food, however, was delicious. Favorites included the prime rib, venison, mini mac and cheese soufflé, and peppermint meringue cookies.笑
Came on a Sunday for brunch and holy cow!  The line was huge!  It must have been at least a 2 hour wait.  Luckily we had a cut-line pass and only had to wait about 15 minutes.  

The hazelnut and banana french toast was delicious!  The cheese blintzes, coffee and eggs benedict weren't that great.

The good thing about this buffet though is that, there is so much food, you can find something you like.

It's a bit pricey, but worth the money since there is so much to choose from.  I'm not sure I would wait in that huge line though???笑
Why 3 stars?. Its because ive been to bacchanal at ceasar palace and if to compare the two. bacchanal is far greater than bellagio. 

Price check

Bellagio = $30+
Bacchanal = $59$

Just add 20 more and you will not regret it! =) 

Goodluck to buffet hunters! 

Happy feasting!笑
We went to the breakfast buffet,  yes there was LOTS of food, but nothing great.  It was $73 for 3 people and none of us thought it was anything special.   Food was not hot, getting a second cup of coffee was a chore.  Not going again.笑
Pretty awesome brunch. We had a $100 credit from Vdara that we used here. We went for the alcohol package for two and were not disappointed. We spent 2 hours relaxing and sampling many of the great available dishes. Friendly and quick service. We went on Saturday morning from about 11:00am to 1:00pm, it wasn't too packed and we only lined up for about 10 minutes. Neither of us eat meat and so it was perhaps a little easier to decide what to go with than others might find it and there were lots of great vegetarian / seafood options. I couldn't possibly list all the food we tried but it did include a great omelet, vegetarian hash, crab legs, some great deserts and noodles. Our waitress was very liberal with the mimosas and other cocktails we ordered so we definitely got our money's worth and left quite tipsy.笑
the food.arent bad the service is good. there were less food than i imagined. I went there because everyone has been telling me they are famous they are the best, and it turned out that the more you expect the more dissapointment you will get. but it is a good place after all.笑
Honestly the Dinner buffet here was a massive letdown.  We each found 1 thing that tasted decent and all the rest was very lack luster.  Save your money and go elsewhere (Aria!!) and you'll be happy!笑
So Disappointed. Don't know what happen but the quality of food has gone down dramatically!  Hate to say it but this is the last time I'm eating here. It used to be one of my fave buffet and it doesn't even deserve the 2 stars for the price of $42.99笑
Disappointed, very.

When you goto Vegas for a nice buffet, you go for the one with brand names. Pairs, Bellagio, Wynn. That's why we choose Bellagio, and the result? Very disappointed comparing with its reputation.

We arrived in Vegas earlier than expected, which means the dinner plan changed to a late lunch. Good news is no waiting line and price is cheaper, bad news is that the choices of the food is quite limited.

First of all, where does all the seafood go? There is a section for cocktail shrimp, a section for seafood salad, a couple of hot dishes for salmon and cod. Then that's pretty much it. Lobster? Crab? Oyster? Clams? None exist. Seriously it got less seafood choices than any decent buffet in any American city.

And, don't get me started in the salad section. I didn't plan to feed on salad, but the choice is way too less. When I look at the few options of lettuce leaves, croutons, and dressing, I feel I was in old country buffet.

Maybe because there are more and more Asian people coming to visit, they added sushi session and some Chinese dishes. The quality and choices of those dishes are not impressive though.

OK, they got lots of choices for pizza and pasta. Unfortunately I seldom eat carbs expect during buffet time, so it's not attractive to me. It's common sense. Who feeds on pasta in buffet? Unless it comes with black truffle sauce, I won't eat one bite of pasta in buffet time.

And the ice cream machine...seriously? Not gelato, just a pull handle ice cream machine like old country buffet? We're in Bellagio, one of the most expensive hotel in Vegas and I definitely didn't expected to see that ice cream machine here.

I'll stop the whining and change to some positive feedbacks.

Beef dishes are good. I tried both steak and beef brisket, both are very juicy and tender. Make sure to ask the chef to cut you thin slice though otherwise it's too thick. Talking about chef, can they smile a little bit?

Dessert section is impressive, I must admit. Tons of choices and they kept changing them. Half of my lunch I was feeding on dessert. Very colorful and beautiful, unfortunately quite rich at the same time.

Here is something interesting, at around 4pm when we finished and about to leave, half of the guests in the eating area rushing to the seafood section and line up. It turned out that the crab legs are out and they looks pretty fresh. Too bad we're very stuffed and couldn't take another bite. We didn't even bother to get into the line.

In general, I'm very disappointed at my experience here in Bellagio buffet. I'm not coming back here again.笑
Overrated. Not like it used to be. You wait like 2 hours to get food and all the food is just ok. Spend your money somewhere else and spend less time waiting.笑
My boyfriend and I visited for the first time last year and ranked it as one of our best brunches we had ever had.  Naturally, when we came back to Las Vegas this year we had to stop here for brunch.  What stood out most to us before was the large array of seafood they had.  When we arrived this time we came much earlier in the day and learned that those items were usually only served on holidays, but that there would be some available after 11am.  We spoke with Randy, the manager that morning, and he agreed to let us come back after 11 since we had just sat down.  It honestly made our day and left us knowing how devoted to good service the staff at the Bellagio are.  The food was delicious as always.  Our waitress this time was very polite and good, but our waiter last time, Humberto, was amazing.  He has a contagious smile, never let a mimosa glass go empty and just left you feeling happy.  Good food stands out, but for me, good service is really what you remember and you will definitely find both here.  Thank you Humberto and Randy.  You both rock!笑
Hands down, the BEST (and most expensive) buffet I've ever had and probably will ever have. Loved the food! But at $32/person, I better love it.笑
The food was ok, I really enjoyed the selection of salad. The dessert however was really really good. There was a really large variety and everything came in cute bite sized portions. I really enjoyed the cheesecake and the mousse.笑
Wow, reading some of the reviews below...pretty harsh. But I can somewhat agree with them to some extent. I came here roughly two years ago for my 21st birthday and was impressed. Don't get me wrong, I have come to this buffet before and it also amazed me then. This recent time around that I had gone, it was only ok.

Like most have said, Bellagio used to be good but I guess something happened? Well, the crab legs sucked when I compare it to my recent dine in experience at Mandalay Bay's Buffet and the food was only average. There were only a few things I could think of that Bellagio's buffet was good for this time around: their Shrimp, sushi, (brazil?) snow fish, and yea...their desert line. Those were my only favorite things of the buffet. But come check it out, maybe I came on a bad day? But yes, it wasn't horrible though, I think everyone should come check it out and write the two cents on it on here.笑
Loved eating here too! Lots of options for
Vegetarians.. And no long waits , i feel the decor needs to be amped up a bit very old
Fashioned but food is great and desserts are to die for.笑
Avec celui de la Wicked Spoon au Cosmopolitan, le buffet du Bellagio fait certainement partie des meilleurs buffets des casinos de Las Vegas.

Pour 25$ par adulte a midi (le classement Yelp en $$$ est d'ailleurs erronne), vous profiterez a volonté de salades originales et variées, de poissons et de viandes parfois découpées sous vos yeux, de patisseries délicieuses (brownies fondants, lime pie). En plus d'une cuisine occidentale, vous pourrez déguster de plats plus exotiques  (bons sushis, mais egalement teriyaki, nouilles sautees, ceviche).

Seul bemol : un cadre ordinaire et vieillisant (debut 80) qui coute selon moi au buffet du Bellagio sa cinquieme étoile笑
Update: I took my family back here for lunch on 2/22/17. It was, as usual, amazing. The steak was a perfect medium rare and very tender. The shrimp were plentiful and delicious. They even had Spicy Tuna Handrolls! I also had my signature seafood omelet which consists of shrimp,  real crab meat, mushrooms, spinach, jalapeños and of course lots of cheese! The dessert bar had Creme Brûlée! 

What I really wanted to make note of was the impeccable service by our server Celia. She was over the top incredible and tremendous when it came to her attention to us. She was very quick to refill our drinks and even noticed that my napkin was getting a little messy due to eating those phenomenal ribs and she quickly gave me another napkin without me even asking. I hope she gets commended for her great service. It's people like that is why your property is epitome of a Las Vegas Resort! See you soon! 

I have been to this buffet since 2002. Some things have changed but for the better. I no longer have to wait in that long line that I used to wait almost 2 hours for back in the day due to Mlife. However it's still worth that wait with the quality of the food and service. Some of the servers have been there since the place opened in 1998. They are all amazing. Best Prime Rib I have ever had. They can give u a thick cut rare or however u like it. Beef Tar Tar is amazing. Handmade Spicy Tuna Hand Rolls, endless already sliced crab, giant shrimp, and the omelette bar during brunch are all top notch. Ask for a seafood omelette, it's shrimp and crab with whatever toppings u want. Can't wait to go back there in a few weeks!笑
I have been coming to this Bellagio buffet since 2000. I always love this buffet. In the beginning, they used to give you champaign for Sunday brunch. As years pass,  they stop giving champagne on Sunday for free. But if you like champagne, they will be happy to charge you for a fee.   I still come here because I just love the selections of food and desserts. 
Today, I came with my mom and a friend from Taiwan, they are actually charging people for parking?? Are you kidding me?? They are Not charging the locals for parking yet, but are charging others!! This is just too much for me to take!! There are so many casino in town and if they start charging locals for parking, no matter how good Bellagio buffet is, I will NOT be coming here!! By the way, my waitress was a friendly lady and I do appreciate the service I got today. I just can't say that most of the time. Watch out if you are NOT a local, you will have to pay for parking here!!笑
The food is excellent, the price is okay (40$ hollidays brunch buffet)for an all-you-can-eat buffet, because, go for the brunch and you don't need to eat dinner after that ! The quality of the food is high so it totally worths it.The ambient is great because you can see that everybody is happy and excited about the food !笑
We went there during Christmas and lined on the express line because I'm MGM gold. I happened to forget to bring my member card so I logged in to Mlife website on my phone and showed the page to the greeting lady. She immediately refused to honor my membership and said I had to have my card with me. I was confused because it had worked before when I didn't have my physical card. So I was guessing if she was new here and politely asked for her supervisor. 
The gentleman came and insisted to refuse to honor my membership. But this time there was a new excuse: Only Noir members were allowed on this line. He talked so rudely and even pointed to the exit to tell me to go. It was what I never experienced before, not to mention I'm a gold member. So I decided to argue and asked why the reasons to decline my entry were different from him and the lady. Also I asked for people on the line if they all were Noir members. The answer was NO. However, what the supervisor did was asking me to go, in a very, very rude way. I didn't feel like a gold member, even not like a customer.
I'm not sure how they train there staff, and I don't think this kind of service is acceptable anywhere else. Fine, I'll go, and of course never come back to any MGM resorts again.笑
I didn't like the decoration but the food was super tasty. Very good place for family's .
Great international selection. Amazing desserts.
I totally recommend . Satisfaction guaranty with a reasonable price.笑
Meh, it wasn't terrible, but definitely nothing special as far as Vegas brunch buffets go. I was staying at the Bellagio so it was the most convenient place for everyone to meet up before we left Vegas. However, I wish we would have taken the extra effort to go to a better one, as brunch buffets are among my favorite of Vegas' offerings.笑
My favorite breakfast buffet. Great food and nice people. We got in fast and its worth the money. I especially loved the mini waffles with the Bellagio symbol on them.
I make it a point to come here when I'm in Vegas.笑
I was very disappointed and unimpressed with both he presentation and quality.

I would recommend that you avoid this place- given the huge options that abound within a 5 minute walk.笑
We must have gotten very lucky because we only waited 30 minutes.  We arrived 7:15PM on February 12.  As mentioned elsewhere the service was excellent, kudos to our waiter, Mariano.  We had a guest in town from Europe that wanted sushi. We weren't expecting to find great sushi in Vegas but went to the expense of getting him to Social House on Feb 11th.  When it came to actual ordering we found that the "sushi" required was hard to get wrong basics and the sushi at Bellagio filled the bill just fine.  Everyone was pleased with the variety and I thought the quality of ingredients was very good.  I love seafood so that may part of why I appreciated the selection.  They could have had one more hot green vegetable to put alongside their five kinds of potatoes though.  The price seemed reasonable.笑
For a buffet in the Bellagio, I was expecting a LOT more. I even figured in the fact that I was here for lunch too!

The wait wasn't too bad, around 30 minutes. You pay immediately when you reach the front, and wait some more for an open table.

If you take a step back for an overview of the entire buffet line, there actually isn't that much variety as a few stations have the same food items that are just setup on different sides, and the accompaniments take up a good amount of space as well. I started in the cold station that consisted of smoked salmon and smoked trout, and a few seafood ceviche/seafood salads. They were not good at all, especially the smoked trout as it tasted spoiled rather than smoked. The salmon was all right, not great. The Snow Crabs were not fresh and had an off taste. I tried two pieces thinking the first was just a bad one, but nope. They're all bad. The saving grace was the King Crab, which was sweet and fresh. And of course, loaded myself up on that. :) Other food items that I enjoyed were the pizzas, and the pesto mashed potatoes. That's it. The prime rib wasn't good at all. It wasn't seasoned enough, and the meat was more on the cold side.

The weakest station by far, and what I've ever experienced is the Sushi/Asian station. The sushi was your the super basic rolls. There was also hand made tuna roll and summer rolls, which both were AWFUL. The nori on the tuna roll was soft, rice was tough...basically it probably sat there for a while. The same for the summer roll. The rice wrapper was thick and tough. It was inedible, and had to literally pull the wrapper out of my mouth because I couldn't even chew it. The filling tasted terrible as well. Connected with this station was the cheese and meat portion, which again, was your super basic cheeses and meats.

Don't get me started on the Chinese section! Seeing the fried rice and fried noodles, the overcooked Chinese Broccoli, congee, and the wonton soup with no wontons even visible was disheartening.

There was a breakfast station, which had your basics: scrambled egg, sausages, waffles, eggs benedict, bacon, French toast, potatoes, etc. Plus a ham and turkey carving station, and omelet station. Come on, it's 2PM, get rid of that breakfast station!

The dessert section looks big and appears to have many selections if you're just walking by while you're grabbing your main course items, but when you are ready for dessert, there actually isn't much of a selection because one half has the same stuff as the other. The dessert I had wasn't very good at all: caramel flan, tiramisu, bread and rice pudding, and this really bad raspberry white mousse cake that was awful.

Overall, I was expecting something more, something different, something atypical from the usual buffets I've experienced outside of Las Vegas, but I wasn't expecting to see the most basic and low end buffet, especially being located in the Bellagio. I was bewildered. Did I come on a rare day where it was out of everything? Whatever the case, I was fairly disappointed.笑
We went on a weekday by 5:00pm, there was no line so we were seated right away.
There were a wide variety of food, I loved the hand tuna roll and the chorizo. I liked the crab legs but they were cold, I wish they made them hot, there wasn't a wide variety of seafood in this buffet but the quality of food was good, the desert part was ok, they didn't have ice cream!
Overall, I expected more from Bellagio.笑
Yes, I love a Las Vegas breakfast buffet before I get on the plane to come home. Bellagio did not disappoint. First I had chow mein and fried rice with scrambled eggs on top. I also made a breakfast burrito with a pre made breakfast burrito filling to which I added steak medallions, eggs and tomatillo salsa. Second plate was biscuit, grits and gravy with corn succotash and Italian sausage. The third plate consisted of a pancake and brioche French toast with hot maple syrup. Fourth dish was vanilla frozen custard, Oreo cookies crumble and a double chocolate cookie. Somehow I then made up a FIFTH plate: macadamia cookie, cannoli, tiramisu and a chocolate donut. I've probably forgotten something but rest assured it was all worth the calories.笑
excellent.  go in right before lunch closes and stay for dinner.  awesome king crab legs.  prime rib was really good.  everything was really good.  wayyyyyy better than the buffet at planet hollywood.笑
After hearing my hubby talk repeatedly about how much he enjoyed the Bellagio Buffet on a previous visit, I had high hopes for our experience.  I was honestly a bit disappointed!  We visited for a late lunch/early dinner on a Friday.

The service was fine, but not overly fantastic.  The dining room was nice, but lacked real atmosphere or character.

Granted, I am allergic to seafood and therefore didn't enjoy the plentiful crab.  But, my husband and his family felt they had better crab legs at other buffets.  The Kobi Steak was a big disappointment as it was chewy and lacked flavor.  Overall, the food was ok, but there weren't any dishes to write home about.  I found other buffets for the price that I enjoyed a lot more!  One highlight was the banana and nutella stuffed french toast!  It was the perfect sweet entree and one I've since replicated at home because my husband and I loved it so much.

A side note:  The best game plan to get the best food at the best prices is to go near the end of the lunch shift (which is usually between 3:00 & 4:00).  They don't clear out the restaurant between lunch and dinner shifts and the prices are usually significantly cheaper for lunch (like $12 less a person!)  For example, we went to the Bellagio at 3:30, paid the lunch price, but then they bring out the dinner entrees starting at 4:00.  We just ate an early dinner, but since it is buffet, you definitely don't get hungry later!笑
On Sunday, 6/15/14, my girlfriend and I decided to hit up The Buffet at Bellagio for Father's Day brunch. I watched a segment on TV a few years ago about the buffet at the Bellagio. It's supposed to be one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. I couldn't wait to indulge on all the different foods!

Atmosphere/Decor:

The Buffet at Bellagio kind of reminded me of an upscale Hometown Buffet. You would think that the atmosphere and decor would be extravagant since it's located in the Bellagio but it wasn't. The concept and set up of the buffet seemed to go hand and hand. I liked how each food station was specifically focused on a certain cuisine. For example, there was an Asian Food section with nothing but Asian foods. There was also an Italian section, Seafood section, Contemporary American section and of course a dessert section. The setup was very straight forward. I found it very easy to find foods that I liked. The interior design was just mediocre but then again it's a buffet and not an upscale restaurant so what do you expect. The one issue I had with the set up was the restroom. When I went to go use the the restroom I noticed there was only one restroom stall. Everyone knows for a fact that when you are eating at a buffet there are going to be tons of people that will experience bubble guts and will have to drop a super serious deuce in the bathroom. Having only one bathroom stall isn't going to cut it. We ended up sitting at the bar which was pretty nice. 

Food: 

Where do I start. There was a ton of food to choose from. I started out with a Caesar salad, a few pieces of watermelon and fresh sliced cured meats. The Caesar salad was decent. It was kind of soggy but it still tasted pretty good. The watermelon was fresh and tasted good. The cured meats were excellent especially the roasted pork. The roasted pork had so much flavor! For round two, I decided to go with a romaine salad, topped with cheddar cheese, carrots, and ranch dressing. I also got two pieces of pepperoni pizza. For my other plate, I got roasted turkey with turkey gravy, ham, and country potatoes with white gravy. The salad with ranch dressing was excellent. I loved the taste of their ranch dressing. I'm assuming it was made from scratch. The pepperoni pizza was  also very good. The roasted turkey was one of my favorites. I love turkey! The turkey reminded me of a good cooked Thanksgiving Turkey. The turkey was delicious. The turkey gravy had a nice consistency to it and complimented the roasted turkey very well. The ham was very good too. I liked the country potatoes a lot! They had a very nice country flavor to them and the white gravy enhanced the flavor of the potatoes even more. For round three, I decided to eat another romaine salad with ranch dressing, roasted turkey with turkey gravy, beef tenderloins with a pepper corn reduction sauce, mashed potatoes, pureed yams and prime rib. The beef tenderloins were super tender and loaded with flavor. The pepper corn sauce was strong but the meat was cooked perfectly so it didn't matter. The mashed potatoes were spot on perfect! There was nothing wrong with them. They were definitely one of the best mashed potatoes I've ever eaten and reminded me of how my girlfriends mashed potatoes taste. The pureed yams were silky smooth and sweet. The prime rib was sensational! The meat was cooked perfect to a medium rare and had so so so much flavor. There was a perfect meat to fat ratio. The prime rib was probably my favorite and the highlight of the buffet. For round four, I decided to eat another slice of prime rib, mashed potatoes, corn beef and hash, pineapple fried rice and a teriyaki chicken skewer. The corn beef and hash was okay. I'm used to the corn beef from a can. The meat and potatoes were shredded. The pineapple fried rice and teriyaki chicken skewer was really good. I liked the fried rice because it had chunks of pineapple in it. Pineapple is my favorite fruit and I love fried rice! The chicken skewer was very tender and the teriyaki sauce had a nice sweet flavor. For round five, I decided to go with another slice of prime rib, teriyaki chicken skewer, bowl of jasmine white rice and some more mashed potatoes. Everything tasted great! For my final round, I got a few slices of watermelon and fresh strawberries. 

Service: 

My girlfriend and I thought the service was great. She ordered the unlimited bloody marys and every time she finished one, the bartender promptly made her a new one. Our waters were always topped off without us even asking for a refill. The two gentlemen working at the bar were very polite and personable. 

Overall: 

The Buffet at Bellagio is great! The food was excellent! The buffet line can get pretty long and the wait could exceed over an hour. I'd definitely recommend sitting at the bar so you can avoid waiting for over an hour. I know there are many buffets in Vegas, but you will definitely get the best bang for your buck at Bellagio!笑
My friend and I came here during Memorial Day Weekend. We came during the transition between brunch to dinner time (but we paid dinner prices) so it was really nice to be able to eat a bit of everything. 

I remember thinking it was a very decent price for a Vegas Buffet... but then I was not too impressed when it came down to the food. 

I just gathered a bit of everything to take *a bite* and the only thing that I really enjoyed was the lobster mac and cheese, shrimp cocktail & crab legs!! After the experimental plates, I just filled up on the expensive stuff to get my money's worth!! 

I also wanted to try the prime rib, but my friend said her slice was over cooked even though she asked for a medium/medium-rare cut. I saw all of the meats and it DID look too over cooked so I passed on the prime rib. What a disappointment... 

I was especially unsatisfied with their dessert selection... I gathered all the pretty desserts that would fit on a plate: macaroons, eclairs, tarts and a chocolate covered strawberry... but it was all so mediocre... Most items only got one bite from me. I took a double taste on the flan, but I was still not impressed. The only dessert I finished was this Cappuccino shooter (minus the whipped cream on top).笑
Wait way too long for a Monday night dinner. If I had known I definitely would have gone somewhere else. They definitely do not move the line at all. Have been waiting 1/2 hour and I am stuck in the middle of the line. Never had to wait this long for a buffet at any hotel in Las Vegas. Will definitely not be coming back!!笑
One of the better Vegas Buffets. No wait at 10:30am on Tuesday, food was the right temp and a nice selection including desserts which makes it or breaks buffets for me. I couldn't give it the full 5 because of no Mt. Dew (I only drink soda on vacations and I need it) and the ravioli wasn't great and you would expect an amazing ravioli at the Bellagio! Nice experience笑
Salmon AND tuna poke.  I. fricking. love. that. stuff.  I personally prefer Bellagio over Wynn, if you're gonna compare the two "upscale" buffets.  I haven't been here for a few years, but everything is still good.  The cocktail shrimp was large and the sea bass was buttery and flaky.  I'm here for the poke mostly...  They also have a good variety of fresh tossed salads.  For 29.95 on the Thur night, not bad.
It wasn't entirely great though, I was disappointed they didn't have beef wellington anymore and we went around the table spitting out the kobe due to some weird and strong metallic flavor.
One source of contention is the mandatory 18% gratuity for large groups...we split our party up to save on this...and the mofo put is in separate seating areas even though our section was entirely empty...ass.
IMHO, still one of the top buffets in Vegas if you into it.  It'll be a while before I come back tho...gotta try out the M or Aria next time.笑
This is the best buffet I had in Vegas.  I think it was a special weekend dinner buffet that cost $35 or so.
All of the food was top notch, including Kobe Beef, Beef Wellington, oysters on the half-shell and real sushi.  
Rack of Lamb, and prime rib etc etc.   No wonder why there was no one waiting at the pizza bar..that seemed a bit out of place!..but I guess it might attract some kids.笑
This was our go-to luxury buffet. Gone are the mussels, gone are the Alaskan KING crab legs (Bellagio, what happened to them?)...Chilean sea bass? No. Everything has diluted to a pricy B-level offering. Sad.笑
I finally got my Husband to take me to a Buffet!! He never likes to come to theses because he prefers to be seated and enjoy his meal. We took our children with us and for a family of 4 we paid $150!!! I bit pricey for a buffet but it's Vegas!! I don't eat seafood and either do our children so it wasn't worth it for us. My Husband however enjoyed his crab legs but this wasn't $150 worth of food. I think Ruth Chris would have been a better meal for us and would have been about the same price. At least we tried it and the food was oh kay!!! Nothing special... Your just paying for the fancy hotel your eating at..笑
So far had dinner on a Friday and Saturday brunch. 

On Friday food was excellent, service a bit slow but place is huge. My biggest gripe is quality of food for price on Saturday. They reheated some of food on Saturday from Friday. Specifically pasta with marinara sauce. 



Also allot of the buffets welcome the 30,000 runners and families with some type of discount. Bellegio is not having any of that. Price is 60 for 2. 

Would recommend to visit craving at mirage for a 50% discount for rest of weekend. Also  a pro-tip maybe send the hostess at the front to some pr training, she acts like she's working at a dmv. Brash and ready to pounce not what I expected from such a beautiful property.笑
I tried both the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet since there were so many mixed reviews for both. I have to say that the Wynn buffet is so much better. My boyfriend and I stood in line at around 2:30pm and stayed until 4pm for the dinner items (which only included some new sushi items, crab legs, and prime rib). The spicy tuna hand roll and salmon poke was probably the best part of the buffet. The dessert was mediocre. The creme brulee tasted like pudding, it was very watered down and had a runny consistency. I did enjoy the peach and strawberry self-serve sorbet though but not much of the other desserts really stood out to me. I wish there was more variety and choices for the buffet, my boyfriend even indicated that he went back several times only to get the same items he had already eaten.笑
I rate this place 3 stars because it didn't leave an impression on me.

There was kobe beef, so the good part is that you could get unlimited amounts of it, which my friends all did to make their 40-50 bucks per person worth it. haha

There was soup, thank goodness. I don't remember seeing/eating icecream...

well anyways, if I had to compare this buffet with the aria buffet, I'd eat at Arias ANYDAY!笑
Yummy food but not what it used to be. Large amounts of seafood dishes.salad bar had 4 items, not much options. It was good but not Las Vegas fabulous. Service was excellent. Enjoy the photos.笑
Five stars until I come across a better buffet.  Others have commented enough.  I just wanted to add my stars.笑
Went there with my family on 12/23. That was okay, Buffet... Prime rib and Kobe Steak was good. Paying $50/person during the Christmas time, I was expecting more than that for some reason...笑
Went to the buffet twice for breakfast, and was very happy I did.  All-you-can-eat breakfast items for $17?  Yes please!  Scrambled eggs are a little wet, but they have a cook preparing eggs and omelets to order.  Meats, breakfast pizza, pastries, just about anything you could want.

Didn't try lunch or dinner, though.笑
We love this place, been there 2 times in the last 4 months!

Great food, pasta, salad, delicious meet (beef, turkey, chicken, lamb), great sides, sushi bar, shrimp and crabs... Huge dessert selection!笑
So I don't know what happened but for the absolute longest I had strong opinions about not liking this buffet.  Maybe I came at the wrong time but I very vividly remember thinking the food was not all that and it was over hyped and not cracked up to how great everyone said it was.  I just remember all of the flavors being a little muted and bland and everything tasting blah and I swear I almost chipped my tooth on the toast.  So years  (or a decade, whatever) went by and I was urged to try it out once more.  Sure why not.  I was very surprised I feel like they must have revamped it.  The quality of the food was much better than I remembered. So anyway I wanted to give a shout out to one of the employees Silvia holding it down in the fruit and cheese department.  On  one of my trips I noticed they didn't gave granola.  I asked a few employees if they had it.  Almost all of them but one (Silvia) sort of shrugged it off saying it wasn't offered that day.  Silvia however, went in the back brought it out, and tracked me down in a sea of people to show me where she placed it! Who does that?!  Plus it was a pleasant surprise the food was definitely of a higher caliber than I previously remembered.笑
Enjoyed this Buffet more than any other in LV. 

Better than Spice Market, better than the Wynn..

Why?

We got to the front of the long ash line riiiiight at 4pm, and was charged 20/person (lunch rate). I feel bad for the party behind us. I mean really, the difference between us and them was what... another 15-20 dollars per person? We got charged so much less because we got in line 10 seconds before they did. If roles were reversed, it woulda sucked. As it happened that day, SWEET. When we got up to the cashier, he told the person controlling the line that we were the last lunch rate folks in. Dinner at lunch prices, cool. 

I was able to try most of the dishes, and I liked the majority of them. One of my favorites this trip (Gulf Shrimp w/ Cocktail sauce) were plentiful here, bigger than Spice Market Buffet, and very tasty. 

I never understood the allure of the crab legs, those waterlogged fiber-y morsels of dullness, (seriously, are they supposed to be that way? All 3 buffet's crab legs were cold waterlogged and flavorless... what's the appeal?)  but the shrimp were sweet and had a little tiny snap to them (not mushy or waterlogged at all). 

Loved the prime rib, the kobe steak, the lamb (not that gamey) and the little bites all around that I had. This place has the best sushi of the three, and the salmon/tuna poke was tasty as well.

Also, whoever said that strawberry tart was delicious got it spot on. I loved it. Not too sweet, but a nice way to end the meal.

Will go back next outing. I miss the shrimp already =(

I worried since some people said this buffet went downhill, but after trying it, all I have to say is, if this is downhill, this joint musta been something rediculously special when it first opened!笑
I was more overwhelmed by the amount of choices, which were great rather then the quality/taste of the food. I was impressed by some of the dishes, like the kale salad and the mango panna cotta but the winner for me was the "pesto mashed potatoes". The wine was overprized and the service just average buffet style. I remember I was more impressed the first time I ate here about 5 years ago. Next time in Vegas I think I rather try something else.笑
This is the worst place to spend $$$ for all you can eat buffet and the service is horrible. The only thing that was decent was the salad. Terrible buffet,笑
Was excited to eat here again, things have changed for the better. More drink options compared to what it WAS before, but with that being said I guess servers no longer grabbed drinks for you? Food was alright, most was lacking flavor but the seafood and dessert were yummy!笑
Best buffet ever ! And the brunch with all you can drink mimosas ! Mmmmmm yummmm .. The best buffet I have ever been too and the most clean . its a Lil pricey but well worth it笑
I would probably give it a 3.5, but I'm rounding up because it was great service and good food, despite being a little pricey.  Lots of stuff was very good--prime rib, roasted chicken and turkey, "blue nose" (that was the label....does that mean I ate dolphin? Flipper?! I hope not :-( ) and lots of the veggies, creamed spinach being the da best (also yummy--acorn squash, squash soup, broccolini, carrots, mini potatoes).  Desserts were good as well.  We made it for the weekday lunch (around $26) but came later, so we also got to eat the dinner food for the lunch price (since you pay when you walk in).  Overall good, but for the money, I'd chose the buffet at Wynn or Cosmopolitan's Wicked Buffet.  (Have not eaten at Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, a little pricier but also probably great).笑
This is one of the most expensive brunch buffet I went to and an disappointed. The quality went down since I've been 4 years ago. Only things that are worth your money are the prime rib extremely fatty cut of meat and jumbo cocktail shrimp. There wasn't even crab legs or steak tartar for brunch. There are other cheaper buffets on the strip that offer at least one alcoholic drink for less than $30.

The coffee was very diluted, there was a squid salad that was very slimy. The fish dishes were a bit over cooked. The desserts were ok in my opinion. I've had better at other buffets. I recommend you save $5 and head over to Wicked Spoon for a good brunch with an alcoholic beverage included.笑
Atmosphere: Nice
Service: Attentive
Food: Depends on what you pick
Cleanliness: Needs work
Price: Fair

Great selection, overwhelming in fact! Most of the food was good to above average. Stay away from the pizza. Tuna Hand rolls were excellent, crab legs were excellent, stay away from the lamb, some of the Italian dishes looked scary....

Overall a great experience when in Vegas, price was fair!笑
We had this buffet on a Thursday (mid morning). Buffet had a lot of different foods to select from. They had chicken, turkey, pizza, breakfast food, sushi, shrimp, pasta, fruits, made to order omelets etc.... There is something for everyone. One of the best buffets in Vegas. I will post some pictures of the buffet.笑
Food is not bad. They have lots of selection of desserts. If you like Alaskan crab this is the buffet for you. The only thing is bad is the waiting, it took us 1:30 to get in but it's worth it! Price wise yes it's expensive $32.99 but hey its Bellagio.笑
So...when you see the huge line form for this buffet, you are definitely intrigued. 

I ended up trying the buffet at 10:30 on a Sunday so we had their brunch buffet.  I was a little disappointed when I found out the sushi part wasn't going to start until 12 but oh well.  

At almost 30 bucks a person there is definitely variety: eggs benedict, various salads, muffins, donuts, french toast, personal omelets, ice-cream, eggs, stir fry, etc! 

Servers come around and ensure you have enough to drink: coffee, soda, water so make sure to tip!  

Now the food quality isn't bad.  I mean it's buffet food, you can't expect gourmet and individual dining but it wasn't spectacular.  Most of the seasonings are bland (to cater to the masses) but coming to this buffet is almost a must if you come to Vegas. 

Just try to leave this place without a protruding gut.笑
This place makes a Las Vegas trip complete!

We had the dinner buffet and it exceeded our expectations. They have a wide selection of food as well as world class dessert chefs. The seafood was all very fresh too.

This is a must eat buffet if you're in Vegas. The price is worth it. Come hungry!笑
For the money this place is asking you just better off going to the restaurant and getting high end quality food and great atmosphere.笑
It's a buffet, which should tell you everything you need to know about this place.  It's a Vegas buffet, which should make things even clearer.

If it isn't, here's the scoop - it's a buffet, meaning the food isn't going to be adequately seasoned or really interesting in any way because they have to appeal to the fat Midwestern fucks (myself included) that make up much of the clientele of this place.  Second, it's a Vegas buffet, meaning they make up for the relatively bland food by offering a fuckton of variety.  Nothing was really notable except for these crazy cheese puffs (which I ate several bowls of the way one eats a bowl of cereal).  Not worth the price or the wait in line.笑
What happened?  This is to be my favorite buffet!  Even after Wynn buffet came out and everyone was raving about it, I compared the two and still thought Bellagio Buffet was better. This time however, I was a bit disappointed.  FYI, this is based on a Monday dinner @ $33.00/ person. 

There are still a few nice items, such as the broccolini, sea bass, and paella, shrimp cocktail, and crab legs. However, the sushi is really sad, and the salmon wasn't too good, and some of the hot food just looked dry. The shrimp pesto pizza did look good, though I was too full to try. By the way, I did fill myself up a bit with broccolini. It was good, and after not having enough veggies for a few days, I really needed it. 

The atmosphere is not as nice and the place needs a makeover. Service was slow and the server looked over worked and unhappy to be there. 

The part that really disappointed me was the dessert. Bellagio Buffet dessert use to be top notch. Everything looked like fine French creations that I had to try several of. This time, there was nothing I really wanted. I did try the tiramisu and the pecan pie.  Both were too sweet and tasted like something I could get from Costco. 

So sad to see this place go from so high to so low. May never be back again.笑
The buffet was good, not spectacular. The king crab legs were very good, and it was nice that we could ask the chef to steam them up for us. The only reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 4 was how rude some of the staff was. For example, we asked the lady who seated us where the restroom was, she responded by saying our server would be with us in a moment. Ok cool, but we need to know where the restroom was. Again, she said our server would be right with us. Just not the service we've come to expect from the Bellagio.笑
When I was in Vegas recently, one of my "must-do" things was a buffet-and since I like to eat a larger meal early, a breakfast one at that. I'd browsed a couple of the others, but stayed away due to the lack of selection (I don't eat meat, chicken, or seafood). For only a couple dollars more than those others, I had OPTIONS! 

They have made-to-order omelettes, however I got there at the end of breakfast and that portion of the event was closing up shop. I still was able to get a lot that I could devour-the frittata was especially good. I didn't care as much for the yakisoba though-I found it a little overdone. Desserts are in small portions which after the three ring circus of gluttony I put myself through is welcome. Plus, you can try more that way.

Service was exceptional on all fronts-my drink was never empty, and even the lady at the front who let me look before I leapt, so to speak. If you're meatless (I wouldn't say this is the most vegan-friendly but vegetarian? Yes) this is a buffet where you will get your money's worth.笑
Came here on Thanksgiving Day, the line was ridiculous. Again, what else do you expect ? dining  on Thanksgiving Day. Thankfully, we had a Noir Mlife card which allowed us to go straight to the front of the line. The service was great, but the food quality was not as great as it used to be. I am still a fan of Bacchanal buffet!笑
Went here for lunch and I'll give this place the best bang for you buck.  Only $20 for lunch and you get prime rib, kobe beef and more.  I like the desert bar more at the Wynn.  This place just had soft serve ice cream instead of gelato.   The line went pretty quick too.  If you had to decide between the Wynn and here for breakfast or lunch I recommend here.笑
Took forever to get our drinks, at least 20 minutes after we had already eaten almost all of food from our first trip! (slooooow, un-attentive, kind service)We were seated wayyy in the back so it felt annoying and time consuming! Cream cheese wasn't anywhere near the bagels and took me forever to find, and they didn't have a toaster out to warm them up :( .... GOOD FRUIT SELECTION!  Food was good quality, but could have been hotter in temperature!笑
I decided to come here instead of the Wynn since I had already tried Wynn's and wanted to try something new.    The wait was shorter than when i went to Wynn's but foodwise it's all about the desserts here (so I've heard & discovered)!  We came for a late lunch & was able to indulge in the dinner food for the $20 lunch price.  My favorite desserts included the: Tiramisu, mini dessert cones, dark chocolate raspberry cake.  The mac n cheese and assorted pastas were good, and surprisingly the chow mein nor the chicken biryani wasn't bad at all.  Oh, and I saw Asian chefs behind the Asian/sushi stations, so there's some credibility here!

I somehow missed the prime rib, but the kobe beef was just alright, not tough but wasn't like omg good.  The crab legs are waayy better at Wynn because they give you more and were easier to fork out the meat despite both of them being pre-cut.  And the crab legs here were frozen.

Service was very good.  While the Wynn may have a longer wait and higher prices I enjoyed Wynn more on my last trip out.  I think that the only thing Bellagio may have on Wynn is better desserts.笑
A FEW ITEMS HERE I HAVEN'T SEEN BEFORE
(Warning: young adults from Central Florida in for vacation) There's plenty of variety available but the most interesting were all the cuts of meat such as prime rib. Of course there's sushi too but there were bowls of self-serve salmon or tuna poke as well- I haven't seen that before. Crab legs were a big draw as well as other unusual items like their ceviche and fish stew. The desserts are impressive with their own big section and are displayed impressively in mini, delicate servings.

BUT IS IT WORTH THE PRICE, LINE, AND TIME?
Oh no. No no no. First, the entrance line was at least 100 people deep for a weeknight dinner. Thankfully we reserved spaces ahead of time and skipped that line. Then, at $50/head it's much cheaper to enjoy a better tasting/ better quality meal off the strip (and that's including Uber).

HOW WAS THE FOOD ITSELF?
I had a few bites of almost every offering there. It was difficult to enjoy the crab legs (obviously the main draw) since each leg was cut lengthwise resulting in thin, scraggly meat. The sushi rice was a bit hard from being left out. Other seafood tasted old. At least our servers were quick to clean, refill drinks, and were polite.笑
Of course, we had to experience the much-hyped buffet while staying at the hotel.  It was well worth it.  We did breakfast twice and then the Friday night dinner.  I am typically NOT a buffet person at all.  This, however, was not a typical buffet!

Fortunately we had line passes for the duration of our trip but it wasn't an issue.  We were there super early for breakfast and there was no line to speak of.  Omelettes and crepes to order, pancakes, french toast, waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, chorizo with peppers, black beans, toast, roasted potatoes, pizza, fruit, granola, etc, etc.  Breakfast was all-around great.  Definitely worth $15.

I stuck to my dinner plan and ate lotsa protein!  Kobe beef, venison, rack of lamb, prime rib, beef wellington, sea bass, sushi, crab, etc.   Probably worth $30 if you don't fill up on carbs.  I did try tiny bites of a couple of the pasta offerings and they were delicious but I wanted to get my money's worth so mainly had the meats.  Grilled asparagus was also very good.  

The reviews of things like sushi are all over the place so I decided to check it out.  It wasn't bad, actually.  The rice was a little mushy, but the fish was fresh so it was nice to sample a couple of pieces.  My fiance had dozens of crab legs, literally.  So, he was happy!

As for desserts, the creme brulee, the cappuccino mousse and the tiramisu were all very good.

There was so much that I really didn't have time (or stomach space) to try it all.  There's always next time.笑
The quality of this buffet has significantly gone down throughout the years. Definitely not woth the money anymore and the service is horrible. We had the rudest waitress ever. I definitely will not be coming back for a while.笑
Great! Staff at the bar is super friendly. Went for lunch and there were LOTS of options. I love different kinds of cuisine was organized and the food just kept on coming! It was also GOOD. So that's always nice :)笑
really a disappointment. there were a bunch of different food stations by country but everything tasted like a crappy buffet id have anywhere. think golden corral. 
salad bar - maybe 5 or 6 toppings, not that fresh or varied
soups - old and sitting around too long
meat station - chewy
sliders - plain and undercooked
china - had pork stew that was really underseasoned
sushi - one bite and spit it out
pizza - probably best part, but mostly because its hrd to mess up

bellagio, you have seriously got to up your game here. what a waste笑
We have dined here before and could not wait for a return visit. But what a difference a few years makes. 
Alot of buffets you get what you paid for, but that is an exception here.
The servers were actually rude and we had not experienced that at any other restaurant in Vegas.
On one occasion, a short woman was shouting across the restaurant (above customer's heads) to other employees. She appeared to be a supervisor. It was quite a spectacle as everyone in that section of the restaurant had slowed down their eating to watch. This was so inappropriate. 
After she had left the area, I waited until our server walked by and I asked him if she was the floor manager. He said that he didn't know who I was talking about. I described her to him (she was the shortest employee in there). But he acted like he didn't know who she was. It was obvious that she was probably his boss, and he was covering for her.
The ambience of this place has gone down hill, even though the price has gone up. I will not eat there again. The strip is full of higher quality buffets.笑
34.99 plus tax on a Monday night dinner. Food was okay, service was okay, price was okay. Three stars overall. The main attraction for me was the king crab, which can easily be $25-35 per pound in the stores. Honestly, the crab was "meh." The legs were small and a little over salted. So my next go to was sushi. The rolls looked disappointing (too much rice and not enough fish) so I went for the tuna nigiri which was pretty good quality. The rest of their cooked food was okay but nothing really stood out. There's a wide variety of desserts, but none of them were really outstanding. Many of them are more pretty than tasty.笑
Wow...for a casion like Ballagio I would think this place would look amazing and have excellent customer service. No! The line is extremely long and the staff is rude as hell.  We were in line maybe 830 and didnt get in until around 930. The person yelled out that the place will close at 1030 and food be taken away. No refunds! Wow....

So when we got into eat finally, I expect this place to look beautiful. Nope. It really look like your average buffet in your hometown.  We sat down and our waiter is an old Asian man who really shouldnt be working in a fast pace enviornment like that. We are Asian too sonof course we tried to be nice....but he wasnt having it. Our plates were piling up and our drinks were not filled.  I felt bad for this other young waiter who had to wait for our table because this man did not want to help us.  

Our waiter was so bad, I saw the manager come over to him and yell at him to clean our table and get our drinks.  When he finally came over and forced to ask us if we are doing okay!   We said fine ( not really) and told him what drinks we wanted.  He never came back and the young waiter did it for us.  I saw him yell at our older waiter later...

So...that isnt all! My friend was getting some food and thia time their cook staff was hastily throwing food away even though a lot of people were there eating.  One guy dumped a whole tray of old food into the trash right in front of my friend and she was splashed with the dirty food! We all complained to the manager.  She didnt seem to care.  She said she only can talk to the waiters/ people in her department.  The cooks are separate.  Well we said if she can talk to their manager.  She said she would...and that was it.  She didnt seem like she cared and I am sure the issue was not addressed.

I really enjoyed going to the Ballagio but after eating here I feel like Ballagio isnt that reat anymore.  This Buffet really need to have a lesson in customer service and find our ways to treat their pyayimg customers better笑
Yum yum yummy!!  I must have put on 20 lbs eating here!!  It was soooooo good I will definitely go again!!

I'm big on variety - there was definitely lots of that here!  The Japanese seaweed salad was sooooo good!!   I'll have to skip lunch next time so I'll have room to try a little bit of everything!   :)笑
We were in Vegas for a friend's wedding over Easter Weekend, and ended up here Easter Sunday. I think it was like $40 a person? There were quite a few selections, the King crab legs were the best part. I like mine hot though, but they were nice enough to steam them for me. 
What I didn't like is that while we got there about 1-1.5hours before they closed, they started closing down stations like halfway through our dinner? We didn't experience all the hot stuff because of it. And since the employees were focused on breaking stuff down, I waited at the meat carving area for like 5 minutes, which is a long time in buffet line world.. 
We'd go back probably after we checked out other buffets first...笑
I've been here twice already and I enjoy it.  I'm a big seafood punk when it comes to buffets so I overload on it.  I avoid the pastas, breads, or other filler junk you can find at OCB (Old Country Buffet).

The meat and seafood choices were the highlights.  Crab legs.  Sushi handrolls.  Anything at the cutting stations.  

I wanted to head over to the Wynn (which is amazing), but this was closer to Caesar's.笑
The lines here can be cray! I'm personally not a big buffet guy, it's just that my stomach can't handle the amount of food I possibly can eat for $40. 

Their selection is nice and there is nothing you'd probably miss right off the bat - people usually like the lobster and all things seafood here.

Service is professional and fast, as you'd expect from a popular Vegas brunch spot.笑
Horrible selection.  There was nothing in this buffet I wanted to eat accept the dessert.  Which is what I ended up having.  Not worth your money.  Go to the Paradise Buffet at the Fremont Hotel on Fremont Street, they have more choices and international food and deserts.笑
Well...  Where do I start?

I did a lot of buffet research prior to our Vegas trip.  I narrowed my short list down to Studio B at the M Resort, the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace, and the Bellagio Buffet.

We went during lunch time and visited each of them and asked for a walk through.  

If you really like seafood and a variety of weird things...  I would go to the Bacchanal Buffet.

If you want value and don't mind driving out of the Strip I would go to the Studio B buffet at the M Resort.  I really liked this buffet and the low prices, but it wasn't quite up to my expectations of a really nice buffet!

The Bellagio Buffet exceeded my expectations.  We arrived at 3 PM and left at 5:30, we enjoyed a leisurely meal with each other and all of the food was outstanding.  The atmosphere made up the difference between the other two buffets we were considering.  Even their silverware is top quality!  It is relatively quiet and the food was very fresh.  We had a lot of variety from meats, salmon, Asian, desserts, Mexican, breads, salads, and so much more!

I will definitely be back to visit on our next trip!笑
No doubt the best buffet in Vegas!! We were there from 10am-12pm. Started out with breakfast and ended with lunch. Amazing food and our server was fantastic! Add on for the unlimited champagne is necessary! Highly recommended if you are visiting Vegas.笑
I thought that this was one of the better buffets in Vegas but after eating at the M Hotel, I had to mark it down. The wait was about an hour an the food was decent. There wasn't as much variety but I heard the prime rib was delicious (fyi: I don't eat beef). Everything was fresh though even the salmon. 
Service was ok but not great...笑
This buffet has an absolutely MASSIVE selection of food.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib, the pastas, and the side salad.  And of course the desserts!!!  I wasn't impressed with the seafood though - the sushi was very sub-par and the paella was kind of fishy tasting.  But with such a large selection of food, it's easy to try a little bit of everything and find what you like.

Arrive in line early (before 5:30PM) because the line gets long after that.  Once you get inside it's pretty spacious and you don't really have to wait for anything.  The price is kind of expensive ($40ish) but since this was a one-time kind of outing for me, I thought it was worth it.  It was fun to finally see what the fuss is about and eat at the best buffet in Vegas!笑
Been here a few times... Breakfast once and Lunch..... 

Now yes, the food here is quite amazing and the verity is impressive. We keep Kosher and my dad wanted something, which was served/ made with some cheese so the chef just made him a Kosher Friendly version.. So that's nice. 

I enjoyed the desserts more than anything. 
There were those tiny little cakes so I was shoving my face with a bunch of those yummies.. 

Here's the problem I am having... 

To get in I always had to wait like 30 - 40 minutes... And than the price.. DAMNN.... 
This place is super expensive.... And I don't think that the food is THAT good.... Besides, how much food CAN you eat in one session?? 

The service was just ok, nothing too great so... All in all just an A-OK for me. And my lil stomach. Pff笑
I've been to the Bellagio Buffet a few times, and it's always been good.  However, visiting over Thanksgiving this year and taking in the Buffet I found it even better, and easily the best Buffet I've enjoyed in Las Vegas.

From the diverse foods (Venison, Ostrich, Kobe Top Sirlion, Sushi) to the Buffet staples (Crab Legs, Prime Rib) and the holiday offerings (Turkey, stuffing, etc), it was all amazing this time around.  The salad and veggies offerings were also exceptional, and I was pleased that that dessert serving sizes were small as I felt much better about sampling just a bite or two of a few different things (and if you really want to gorge, you can always take a few).

There are certainly cheaper buffets in the area, and some very good ones that are cheaper too... but for the overall quality and variety this is still a pretty good value (you could easily spend more than this having a salid and a main course at the cafe in Bellagio).笑
$40 and I am stuffed! Chicken that has waffle breading, candied apples and crab legs! Yes! I loved it. There's so much to choose from that you can eat something different every time you go up!笑
Sunday Brunch was $25 I believe. We waited in line for close to an hour and we had arrived there around 1PM. 

If you are going to do a buffet, this is clearly the one to do. 

Highlights: Pizza (pesto shrimp, BBQ chicken), Fruit (melons, pineapple), and Breakfast (french toast, pancakes, waffles). For all the raving I heard about the prime rib, I was let down a bit. I think it's more the idea that you can eat as much prime rib as you like that gets people excited. I actually found the hand carved leg of lamb to be superior. The pesto mashed potatoes were a crowd favorite. 

Disappointments: The desserts. Anytime you give me unlimited bread pudding (with toppings), I will be a fan, but I was unhappy with the overall selection of desserts. Needs to be more variety, not just rich cake-like treats that are heavily frosted. 

I enjoyed the experience enough to help myself to 8 plates of food in total, but there is a little more hype than warranted. It is likely the best buffet on the Strip and I easily consumed twice what I paid for, plus it's in the Bellagio, can't go wrong.笑
The best buffet in town the salad bar is ammazing the best kind of delie meats, best food, wonderful shrimps and what can I say about the deserts I feel that I died and went to haven.The atmospher is wonderful, the service is great .If I had more stars I would give them and the price is very resonable for the quality of the food. Try it don't miss out.A+++++笑
We went for the brunch buffet one morning and it wasn't too bad.  The breakfast assortment is very good, I just wish they kept cold milk by their cereal selection, our server was busy and I didn't want to wait for milk.  The salad bar selection and the dessert selection on the other hand fell short.
The selection of things to put on the salad were minimal, which meant I could not enjoy my salad, and the desserts were slim to none.  The soft serve ice cream was there as well as dry cookies and just one tart.  I had visited this buffet years back later in the day and loved the dessert, so this was disappointing.  
Overall it wasn't bad, but we will be sticking to The Wicked Spoon.笑
Really good! I am not sure if it is worth 2-hour waiting in line to get in, but it is good. We were lucky to get seated at the bar, so we skipped about an hour of waiting. We went there for 4th of July night, and the buffet did not have its famous lobster, so I was disappointed.
Other than that, there was a nice variety of savory things.
I guess I have to mention that the buffet at Cosmopolitan is kind of better :)笑
We are here for breakfast - fairly reasonable price 20.99 each. It serves wide options of food and quality is good. Here I would like to recommend the omelet I had here is for sure one of the best omelet I had in my life. I ordered an omelet with crab meat/spinach/tomato/mushroom/onion/cheese. Both my wife and I loved it!!笑
I came here during my Vegas trip and thoroughly enjoyed myself. We went a bit after lunch so there was no line-up. There was a huge selection of food and everything I tried (mostly pasta and desserts) was delish!

The only thing was that the drinks were RIDICULOUSLY expensive! My friend paid ~$88 for about 3 people, which was already expensive, and a basic alcoholic drink was $16 on its own.

Loved the food, but super pricey - I would've expected something more than just water to drink for the price we paid.笑
I have been to this buffet several times since it opened and it is still one of the best out there. I went this past Father's Day for the gourmet dinner. To me it seems no different than any other dinner I have had there other than the price was higher. The service was good but not great.

I come here for the King Crab legs and seafood for the most part. I have to say that the quality of the crab was down from previous visits. Half of each batch was very small and some of it soggy. More the size of even smaller snow crab legs. It was a bit under whelming as I expected the larger higher quality I had had every other time. The sushi, poke and rolls were good but not great. There were several made to order rolls featuring 3 types of fish roe. These were very good. The other several seafood selections were good as well. The selection was again a bit more limited than in the past. The prime rib and lamb chops were very good as were the veggie selections. 

My wife and daughter had the cold shrimp which they enjoyed. They concentrated more on the non-seafood items like the several offerings at the carving table and various hot sides such as mac and cheese, mashed potatos, veggies and other like creations. They said it was all good but nothing particularly great. At this point I was so full I did not try the desert but they tried several small samples none of which were anything off the hook notable. 

All in all I would try this place one more time and hope it was better before I give up on it. Understand that the crab is my main criteria for judging this place. Others may see this differently.笑
Haven't tried all the buffet in vegas, but I was rather satisfied with the bellagio buffet. Showed up there at 7 on a Tuesday but still had to wait 25 min to be seated. Waiter came right away, brought drinks and kept taking dirty plate away. Plenty of dishes, nothing extraordinary but all decent. I recommend.笑
So I tried to research this place and the reviews came back favorable. Sadly, I did not listen to my inner voice.

Got to the hotel at 3pm to make the lunch hour, and ended up waiting on line for over an hour! Did I leave the line and go find another venue, no, did I listen to my inner voice that this wait is longer than Pirates at Disney, noooo, did I end up paying the dinner rate, in stead of the lunch rate? YES! I know right? I should have left, but since I spent that much time on the line I felt I was committed to the task.

That said, the food is meh at best. They are very cautious with seasonings, and the selection is OK, but when you expect one taste and get another, it is unfortunate.

Now I know that one should lower expectations when going to a buffet, but then again, why should one?

Overall, this skarf and barf is not worth the effort, nor the credit it gets.

You would be better off on a prix fix menu at one of the better places in the hotel.笑
Very poor options for vegetarians. They has just 1 pasta that my wife could eat. The meat options were great & tasty, which I was able to enjoy!!  Please, please, please add some more veggie options, so I can come with my wife.笑
I give this five stars, notwithstanding the kids, but because it's simply the best buffet in town, pricey for buffets, but the best. It's the only buffet to which we take visitors who insist on attending this sort of dining.笑
My friends and I had heard that The Buffet at Bellagio was awesome so we had to try it out.

It was Sunday lunch/dinner when my friends and I came in. It was towards dinner time like around 4 when we decided to hit it up to eat lunch. No long wait in line so that is a plus.

They had prime rib for the main course (though I was still full at the time from lunch) and mainly I ate crab legs to get more bang for my buck. Initially, I was kind of disappointed that the crab legs were cold but later I found out that I can ask to get it steamed. Quite variety of foods though I was not in the mood to eat cuz I was still full.

Overall, main course and desserts was good. I thought Aria buffet was a little more upscale and more selections.笑
I have eaten at most of the buffets on the strip. Comparing price, food quality , average wait time, and service,  bellagio came up number one.
These are the reason.
Wait time is about 30 min, compare to 2 hours at Cesar palace. 
Half the price and you still get pretty good selection of seafood and sushi. Sure, you don't see much fillers, but I am here for crabs and steaks. And both are pretty good here.
Service is better than most places.笑
AHHH! i can't believe i never yelped this!!! i always do dinner at the buffet at bellagio, but this time i already had dinner plans on friday and saturday so we decided to do sunday brunch. it was amazing!!! however next time i would have to do dinner here because of the crab legs and the sushi bar (brunch: california rolls, veggie rolls, and spicy tuna hand roll)笑
Average service.  Front staff unorganized.

They do have Kobe streak but it was not that great...
Sushi options with standard Salmon, tuna, poki, seaweed salad, California roll.

Crab, salmon, white fish, steaks, pizza...

Desserts:  banana fosters, bread pudding, creme brûlée, cheesecake, eclairs,ice cream machine.

Average not the best for the prices in Vegas!笑
Voted Number 1 buffet in Vegas.. so of course I had to try it. Maybe it was the brunch/lunch menu, but I wasn't impressed. The lamb was just OK. Nothing Spectacular. The cut of Prime Rib that was served to me was dry and over cooked. The curry chicken had great presentation, but lacked major taste. All the food looked great, but no mouth orgasms here folks :( 

The only good thing about this place was the dessert. I had one of everything and they all tasted wonderful. 

Next time, I'll try the dinner. Maybe it was the dinner buffet that was voted number 1? Definitely had better buffets in Roseville/Lincoln than this buffet.笑
*update* 5/27/08 - Came here again over the memorial day weekend. Got in line at 2 pm. It took 1 hour to get a table...worst yet I was told as a guest of the hotel I could've received a line pass when I checked in...you know it would've been nice if I was told that when I first checked in. Service was better this time around. But prices for lunch was $30 because it was "Gourmet" for the Memorial Day Weekend...I didn't notice any change in the food options offered compared to my last visit. dropping my review of Bellagio buffet from 4 to 3 stars.

~G

Old Review 11/6/07:

Being a buffet fan, and after hearing so much hype about Bellagio Buffet being the #1 Buffet in Vegas I was curious, and hit it up with a group of friends last saturday (11/3/07).  I'll admit I was a little worried hearing that it was not worth it and costs around $50. To tell you the truth it was more like $35 plus tax&tip. So it really wasn't that much more expensive than the supposed "cheaper" options like The Spice Market in PH/Aladdin (which is still an excellent buffet). On to the food:

The Good:  Alaskan King Crab Legs (plentifull, in three locations, always stacked high so you didn't have to wait forever for 80 year old women to take all the "good" ones. I highly recommend taking a place to get heated up..tasted 10x better). Lobster ravioli, rack of lamb, Prime rib, Braised short ribs, mashed potatoes, stir fried baby bok choy, all the desserts, the salad (hard to screw up), and the decor of the restaurant. 

The mediocre: The chinese food, and the beef wellington.

The bad: I don't expect great sushi at a buffet, but the sushi sucked..and the rice with it was smashed so much it looked & tasted like mash potatoes made of rice...or solidified congee. and the fish on top was dried out and nasty. And the mac&cheese (how hard is it to screw up?!?) sucked too.

Service: This also sucked. They took pretty much forever to get us any drinks and refills, and clearing off our table took forever. We had one waitress for ten people, and she was VERY rude to us as well. On top of that because we had over 8 ppl, we were charged an automatic 18% gratuity, which is A LOT for a buffet considering you get your own food? and the service sucked..I was almost going to talk to a manager to get my gratuity lowered or refunded completely, but I didn't want to deal with the BS. I expected much better service especially from a place being run in the Bellagio.

Overall: The food quality was very good, it's only really a little pricier than neighboring Buffets, but the quality is 3x better. Although I will say it's still a buffet, so it's about variety and quantity, so if you don't eat much..spend your money else where on a very high quality single plate of food. I'd probably visit again hoping for better service, so 4 stars. Although get there early..when we left, the line was long as hell.

~G笑
This is a review by a vegetarian.
This is a review of Brunch.

Final score:

Scott, after a week in Utah with few vegetarian options: 1
Bellagio Breakfast Buffet: 0

Boy it's tough to breakeven without going for a plate of Scottish smoked salmon but I may have eaten $16 worth of french toast, waffles, fresh fruit, fruit sauce, fruit juice chocolate croissant, yogurt, granola, and PIZZA!! there is pizza for breakfast!! (the only thing better would be if they had cold pizza as well).

The wait staff that handles drinks is attentive and seemed to remember everyone who had decaf and who had leaded.笑
I thought this was an awesome buffet. We went for Easter weekend brunch at $35 a person and it was well worth it. Crab Legs, Prime Rib, Omelet station, Bacon cooked to perfection (my son got a plate full) Sushi, pizza, Ham, Fried Rice, Pesto mashed potatoes and so much more including their large selection of salads and desserts! I ate until I could not eat no more and my drink was never empty! I gave 4 stars due to the seating...I know they are busy but they still need space for people to walk through with plates in their hand some walk ways were too tight, I saw someone turn sideways to get through and if I was at the table I would have a butt in my face.. yeah not cool!笑
Yumm

Yea buddy this is the business...

this is by far the best buffet ive had in vegas, this city is the only place in the world that I'll do buffets ..so worht the $30+ you spend.
first off get here early, the line to get in is ridicoulous, so be prepared to wait , not unless you know someone that habitually stays and plays at bellagio, ive had the good fortune that my friends parents are like Vip's so we breeze right through the entrance, the one time that i didnt go with my buddy i had a 45 min wait.BOO!

all their food is absolutey delicious, so much flavor, the omellette station the sushi bar, cutesy pastires, soft serve ice cream, ive only been here for brunch, i can only imagine that the dinner is like amazeballs..the attendants are always cleaninf up your plates and coming thru with refills and such.

cant wait for my next visit,,,faaat giiirll  lol笑
This buffet is very fancy, but $32.99 plus tax is not worth paying for. The main dishes had no taste. I only enjoyed eating the deserts and fruits that they had available that day. The orange juice was also good. I would only recommend this buffet to people who careless about food taste. I was there only for breakfast, but since I didn't like it I did not go back for lunch. The lines were not that long. We waited about 10-15 minutes to get our seats.笑
The chef was very accommodating to give us a tour of the entire buffet (We being vegetarians). Also she made some special vegetarian dishes based on our request.

Apart from that the food was really good with a lot ( I mean lot) of options ranging from Italian, Chinese, Japanese (The veg sushi was absolutely delicious), Mexican etc.笑
The buffet was okay... It reminded me of an Old Country Buffet plus crab legs. The selection was not very surprising or large. Online it said that the buffet was max $3, but they charged us $40.99 each. $88 for an average buffet was not worth my time or money... Very disappointed and I wish I could get my money back...笑
I am giving them 5 stars because it is the best buffet I have ever been to. But I do need to say I am not a buffet person really and haven't been to that many. Only a few in NYC and Atlantic City. In general I think of buffets as for people who like to gorge themselves and do not care about the quality of the food. I ate here because I was in Vegas on an all expense paid work trip and I stayed at the Bellagio and meals were charged to the room. I do not even know how much the buffet was. 
But for me the quality is what impressed me. Most of the other buffets I have been to all of the flavors kind of mold together. At the Bellagio , the food was high quality and you could have some elegant separate meals not just one big sloppy mess like other buffets I have been to. The desserts were fabulous! I have not tried any of the other buffets in Vegas but I can't imagine any being of better quality. I was working so I was not able to take pictures at the buffet.笑
Overall: 3.5
Food: 3.5
Service: 3

Tip: Go right before lunch is over (lunch is over at 4pm, head there around 3:45pm) to get lunch pricing then wait for the food to switch over to dinner before gorging.  Lunch price is $10 cheaper on weekdays(Sun-Thur) and $17 cheaper on weekends(Fri-Sat) compared to dinner pricing.

Food was good.  Kind of expected more but not a bad buffet.  
Selection was good.
Nothing really stood out as amazing but I enjoyed the following:
-st. louis style ribs
-prime rib
-quail
-baked sea bass
-buffalo popcorn shrimp

Desserts were ok.  Pretty stuffed at this point so that probably affected the enjoyment factor.  Seemed like pretty standard buffet items (creme brulee, flan, cheesecake, fruit tarts, etc.)

Service was decent.  Waitress forgot to take our drink orders when we were seated but otherwise not a bad experience.

Remember to wear stretchy pants, a bite or two of everything becomes a whole lot of food quickly.笑
We went here for the brunch and it was not bad. Almost no wait whatsoever. I wish there could be a bigger selection and the desserts aren't too fresh. Sushi, obviously sucks. But I guess I was coming in with the expectation of dinner. Overall, it is still better than most buffets elsewhere in Las Vegas.笑
We came on a Tuesday night around 8PM and saw a lot of people dressed up. I expected this to be the "crème de la crème" of buffets at Vegas but was pretty disappointed by the food offered.

Service: Front desk was professional but not very warm or inviting ..... or happy. Maybe because they were overwhelmed by the number of people waiting to get in? Thankfully I had purchased a pass prior to going so I got to use the VIP line but even then I had to wait 15 minutes or so to be seated. Our server was Victor and he was FABULOUS -  An older gentleman who had wonderful stories, great sense of humor and was extremely accommodating - We love you VICTOR! If we come back it would be for him :D

Food: Was surprisingly mediocre. I just expected more interesting things to try but everything was pretty basic with the exception of the Kobe carving station and tuna poki. I'm not a picky eater but with the price this place was charging you would expect better.笑
This is by far one the best buffett that I have ever been to.  Also love that one spoons buffett. Not sure of the name. Anyways...

Its clean.  The service is fast as they continuously clear your table.  The food has a wide selection of high quality tastes.      From their "cut-open" snow crab; to their ahi tuna poke; their selection of meats which include kobe beef, ostrich and lamb racks; and their high quality dessert section.... This place has it all in a top notch buffett!

This has overtaken the spice market(ph) and world(rio) buffett by a wide margin...no contest. 

Highly Recommended!笑
Good lunch buffet but a few odd annoyances knock it down a star. First, why were we waiting for a table when over half the tables in the buffet were empty? On the plus side I suppose that wait gave me time to get hungrier. 

As for the buffet itself, the steak is excellent and the star of the show along with the BBQ pork ribs. There are also salad, bread, Asian, and sushi stations. All are worth a try but I mostly ate the meat rather than filling up on bread. The shrimp cocktail was excellent once it finally came but I was shrimp less for nearly the entire time as they were redoing the ice used in displaying the shrimp. I get that has to be done, but does that really justify closing the shrimp station for nearly an hour at lunch? The desserts are good as well, but I saw some jackass drop the tongs on the floor and put them back on the buffet. I noticed this and turned the tongs in to the buffet guy who replaced them, yuck. I was thisclose to eating a strawberry tart with a side of shoe dirt.

I enjoyed this buffet and will be back, hopefully with shrimp available the whole time. My wife was horrified by how much food I ate so either that means the food was good or she thinks I'm a pig, not sure I want the answer to that one.笑
Hey what can I say this was a great brunch Buffett!! The selections were great the service was also very good . We opted for the Booz brunch and the server kept the mimosas coming!! By far the best brunch we had in Vegas we highly recommend笑
We went for lunch but stayed for dinner... 'nuff said. =)笑
A Las Vegas buffet! What's not to love? As the restaurant is inside the Bellagio, there's a slight sense of grandeur - and the atmosphere is very nice. The prices are, however, slightly high for the quality of the food presented. The steaks were average and rice in the nigiri felt slightly overdone. There was an incredible variety though, and I really enjoyed the desserts. I would come back, but perhaps not during a holiday weekend (as the prices are raised).笑
Expensive. $95 for 3 people at brunch 9am-3pm. No child prices. Selection was ok.I have had better. Eggs benedict wasnt very good, cold. Not enough meat selection. Desserts were tasty. Expected more choices for the pricing. Not too crowded for transition to dinner (215-300). Glad we tried it to see what it was all about. We got full,but will try another buffet next time.笑
I don't see what all the fuss is about the Bellagio Buffet.

I went for dinner recently with my sister. $36 pp. The food was all virtually tasteless. The seafood tasted like water. No fresh flavour. 

The Asian dishes were boring, the Italian ones seemed like they were prepared very sloppily. 

Dessert was okay, but I'd rather go get a cheesecake or gelato at a cafe in Vegas somewhere. The creme brulee was really nice though, but no where near good enough to make up for the $36 and the epic wait to get in (about an hour). 

Don't waste your time, unless you really want to experience what is meant to be the 'best' buffet (and be disappointed)笑
I know it's judging the book by it's cover, but the ceilings are low in here! Everything was passable, but it wasn't the highest of quality. I had high expectations after years of friends gushing about this buffet and try weren't met. I'd be willing to try again though!笑
I totally in love with this buffet! This is definitely one of the better buffets in LV (maybe top 3?). We went at 5pm for dinner to beat the crowd and I'm glad we did because by 6 there was a huge line that looked like at least a 30 min wait. Dinner was $35/person (includes beverages).

One of the reasons why I fell in love with this buffet was their amazing seafood and dessert offerings. Here were some of my favorites that they served as of 05/10/2015:

Seafood paella
Salmon roulade
Shrimp pesto pizza
Salmon poke
Salmon cous cous
Pesto mashed potatoes
Pesto tortellini
Chicken and sun dried tomato pasta
Roasted chicken (very moist)
King crab legs
Snow crab legs
Kobe beef

xx DESSERTS xx
Blueberry cake
Cheesecake
Vanilla eclairs
White chocolate tarts
Sugar-free Napoleons 

Service was so-so. No one looked happy to work there. But the food was good and the stations were kept well stocked the entire time. Nothing ever ran out while I was dining. I would definitely come back again when given the chance!笑
not to bad. came at 1100 for breakfast. not a whole lot of choices. but what i did get had good flavor. used myvegas for buy one get one free笑
Whenever we stay at Bellagio we succumb to the buffet.  Lately it has been the law of diminishing returns since we both eat less than we used to and the idea of overstuffing and trying to do anything Vegas isn't appealing as it was five year ago.  But the quality of this Buffett keeps us coming back usually for Brunch.  

The prime rib is money, skip the "champagne" component as it's not "champagne" but pretty cheap sparkling wine, not worth the extra money; instead save room for another helping of the succulent shrimp, one of the well made deserts, or another helping of well prepared Pad Thai.笑
4.5 stars!!!

Came here while on vacation and planned it so we got in 30 minutes before they switched to the dinner menu. = $20 for the dinner menu!!! FTW

Snow crab and king crab legs were much better here than at the Wynn. Tasted fresher and sweeter. Corn on the cob was ridiculously sweet (good thing)

Prime rib wasn't as good as the Wynn but it was still really good. They offered Kobe beef but it didn't taste like the melt in your mouth kobe beef that I expected. 

They had a lot of variety and everything tasted fresh. The desserts were great...creme brulee and flan were amazing! I would go here again in a heart beat!!!笑
Weekday dinner at the Bellagio is THE BEST!  We went to the Rio and the Wynn for dinner and I have to say we REGRET not spending all our nights feasting at the Bellagio!

Service was prompt and friendly too!  Our waiter was fabulous!  He got us everything we needed, even a tiny little straw cup with a lid for our daughter.  Can't say that about the other casinos who gave us a HUGE 20 ounce of milk for a 2 year old.  What were they thinking?  

Our waiter wasn't just nice to us.  He was kind and courteous to every table.  He even had regulars that liked him.  So that says something about the people that come here.

My favorite is the Sea Bass!  So buttery and scrumptious!  The kobe beef was good too.  Didn't even need steak sauce.  The jumbo super size cocktail shrimp are already peeled and ready to eat.  Not like the Rio.  The GIANT crab legs were already SLICED OPENED so I don't have to crack it open and go digging for meat.  They thought of everything at this buffet!  Even their BABY Potato is delicious!  I mean, it's just a potato!  But they made it taste as good as their sea bass!

The sushi was also super fresh, unlike the Wynn.  I saw people piling on the sushi so it wasn't just me that thought it was good.

I can't wait to come back here again to eat their buffet!  I want to try their breakfast next time because our awesome server said they have made-to-order custom omelets!笑
How do I even begin to describe this place. They seriously had EVEERYTHINNGG you can imagine to eat. From pizza to sushi to steak to all sorts of yummy things.

I came here for their brunch hour and left feeling like I ate breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one. They are pretty pricey, 2 for $65 (brunch), but totally worth it. 

The waiters also serve you drinks so you don't even have to bother getting up again after getting your food. I can honestly say I got 3 - 4 plates of food.

Their service is really nice too, everyone I came across was helpful and super attentive. I didn't even know how to ask for an omelet (I know right) but the chef was kind.

can't wait to come here again.笑
Despite this is a buffet the selection was not for our appetite. 
We enjoyed the food though. 
Probably wouldn't come back.笑
While staying in the hotel, I ate at the buffet twice.  Everything was excellent.  I particularly was fond of the prime rib.  The selection of pizza was also very good.  For an extra 5 bucks endless mimosas!! They also had a chocolate filled eclair that was to die for!笑
OMG, this is the best food ever! I was there at 11:45 am and they still had breakfast out. I started with breakfast and ended with desert. The scrambled eggs were so tasty and delicious!

The pasta is fabulous! They had 5 different kinds, and I tried three. This was my second visit and the food was still as I remembered from 2007. $20 for lunch including a drink. They have food for everyone. I know this because I am a super picky eater. Try one of each dessert, well try as many as you can. They are delightful! The staff was friendly. The receipt they give you once you arrive is time stamped. It says you can't stay past two hours. I see why they need to put that on there because you will want to eat all day. I highly recommend this restaurant.笑
Great selection. Great lamb chops. And plenty to think about before I go again!笑
OK buffet @40 bucks.

Extremely crowded and very long lines make for a so so experience.

I had a line pass,but if I didn't ,there would be no way I would stand in line for an hour to give them $40 bucks to eat an OK buffet.

I've eaten at other places that are better and cheaper,but there is something about the folks bragging that they ate at the Bellagio that makes this some sort of Mecca.

Not a must do.笑
PROS: cheap alcoholic, bottomless brunch drinks (sangria/mimosas/bloody mary for $13.99/person. Pastry selection was tasty, great croissants and macarons. Liked the bagel and lox section + asian dumplings.  

CONS: Service was very spotty with certain requests we made with the server, bacon was underwhelming, apple crepes were too sweet笑
A large number of options.  As I am gluten intolerant,  I asked the hostess as she was seating us for gluten free options.  She called the chef who was kind enough to give me a tour of the entire buffet.  The food was reasonably tasty and the salads were fresh.   The staff however seemed a bit too involved among themselves.  The dessert selection was extensive for the gluten tolerant but only two for those of us who can't consume gluten笑
Went to the Buffet at the Bellagio this past Sunday and had some real good eats. My brother in law had some sort of coupon that allowed us to go right to the front of the line which was great since the line was LONG. Had it not been for the passes I doubt I would have waited.

The restaurant is very cafeteria like which was a bit of a turn off but let me move on to the food.

Great selection. If I was craving for anything they would have definitely had it at the buffet. Seafood, sushi, Italian, Greek, meat, bread, Chinese, sweets, cheeses, eggs, the list goes on and on. Me...I'm trying to eat lighter these days so I stuck to the sushi. I was set with my rolls and sashimi and my smoked fish. At the end of my meal I topped it all off with a no sugar dessert which was surprisingly good. 

When I'm back in Vegas I will seriously think about stopping back in for the The Buffet at the Bellagio...that is if I had an express pass.笑
We first tried this buffet for fathers day. We got through the 1hour long line to miss the lunch/dinner cut off time by ONE minute! Now we weren't even sure where we were gonna go and hubby chose The Buffet last minute. We were expecting dinner prices but once we saw the sign it was lunch still it was meant to be! But like I said we were next to pay and the clock changed and so did the prices :( the food took FOREVER to change from brunch to dinner. I was irritated that an hour after we were sat they were not done switching over....we left a lil angry and hungry. We payed so much and had to wait to even eat! 
Fast forward to last week. My cousins come into town stay at the Bellagio and invite us out to the buffet because they had line passes. We were a lil nervous but we made sure to go at 6pm so dinner would be in full swing! And I'm so glad we gave it another go!! The food was delicious! The crab is already cut for you the prepared salads were tasty! Their prime rib melted in my mouth!! I couldn't stop eating. It's not a terribly large buffet but what they offer is worth it. Oh and if you order orange juice it's the good stuff, not fresh squeezed, but not the crap from a machine like places usually have. And their hot tea was to die for!!! Visit this buffet it's worth it!笑
A charming little buffet if you're in the market for all-you-can-eat food.  Last time I went, I loaded up on the salmon and trout, alongside some scrambled eggs and a medley of fruits & berries.  Mmmmm, Mmmmm......Good!

Be careful though, check the whole buffet before you start putting food on your plate...you might fill it up and then find an item you wish you had room for!笑
This is my favorite buffet on the strip! They have a great selection, great service, and price is comparable to other buffets.笑
This review is for the weekend champagne brunch.  I've been to most of the buffets in Vegas, and Bellagio is definitely one of the pricier ones, but also the best. It's also one of the only buffets to have their champagne brunch on Saturday as well as Sunday.

First and foremost - they are not stingy with the champagne here, so if you're coming with a big group and you get here early, you DEFINITELY get your money's worth.

Second, the food is pretty much classic buffet food (if you're looking for fine cuisine, don't look in the buffet), but the overall quality and selection of the food is better than most other Vegas buffets.  Their prime rib station is key (and actually good), the desert station is great, and the salad section is well stocked and fresh.  

Overall, if you're looking for a champagne brunch buffet where you can spend some time, eat your heart out, and drink like a champion, Bellagio is the place for you.笑
Not a fan of buffets but this was decent. There was variety for everyone,,,beef, pizza, veggies, seafood and sushi.  They seated us together as a large group and the place was cleaner than most buffets I have been to.  Just don't eat the sushi...I had a tuna roll and it made me sick. I think the fish had been sitting out too long and I shouldn't have eaten it after it didn't taste quite right. 
Everyone else was satisfied with the buffet...

a little pricey though.笑
We came into town for a few days to visit a friend. This friend took us to the buffet. My first thought was, WOW. The biggest buffet I have ever seen. Any kind of meat you wanted. The potato bar was beyond amazing. Every kind of pie and came you wanted. The service was great.笑
8 out of 10.  I thought this place was great until we tried the Buffet at Paris Hotel.  See my review there.笑
While impressive in scale and presentation (yes, that's one large room of food), the quality of the dishes was fairly average.

From a pretty poor imitation of dim sum dishes to soggy pizza and supbar sushi, I couldn't really bring myself to eat plate after plate like all of the other starry eyed guests.

But I will say that the breakfast stations were BANGIN'. Red velvet waffles with honey vanilla whipped cream cheese and some ridiculously tasty eggs benedict redeemed the buffet for me.

But that's not all. The desserts were just beautiful - and some tasted as exquisite as they looked. The cheesecake and carrot cake were two classic favorites along with some gorgeous strawberry tartlets. Other desserts were lovely but nearly flavorless. 

Overall I probably wouldn't return, just because I'm not particularly enticed by buffets and the price tag is high for an all-you-can-eat meal where I only end up with one plate.笑
Yummy yum yum yum!  You can't go wrong with the Buffet at Bellagio, very pricey but so worth it.  Total total total yum.  And the dessert selection was super duper.  I could go on and on, but no need.  You know it's a must to go to a buffet in Vegas so come here and totally indulge yourself, and don't expect to be on any sort of diet either, the temptations are too great.  I am curious about the one at the Wynn so will try next time when we plan another trip out there.  Don't forget to bring the ziplock bags for sneaking in those extras for the hotel stay (okay, just kidding...)!笑
Very good buffet in Vegas. Almost as good as Aria and Wicked spoon. Where this loses a star is the way it's set up. We were seated in the main lobby where people walk to and from the buffet so constantly having people walking past your table talking loudly was more than a little bit annoying. We do not tip 15-20% on buffets till we see what service is like. It was terrible. (They will let you add tip before you eat if wanted). I couldn't even get a refill on tea or offered coffee. I'm an Mlife platinum member and should have been served well with at least an offer of coffee lol but for anyone paying over 100$ for two buffets this should be a given!!!!  I digress. The food it's self was good. Not great but very good. The hanger steak was good and crab legs (zero claws and we were there early) were good. They give you soup bowls for butter which is over kill. Sides were lacking. Not much in form of vegetables. Polenta was terrible but the Passat section was great. Pumpkin ravioli was like dessert and the tortellini pesto was delicious. 

I had a coupon that made this more enjoyable at half price. It service was very bad. Come in bellagio has assistants helping more bussing and such on busier nights. But still great food.笑
Hands down THE BEST buffet alternative to the Rio and THE BEST on the Strip.  Despite the long lines and the $40 price tag ($36.99 plus $3 tax)  This buffet is worth the wait as well as every penny.   King crab already cut in half for you, bluenose, salmon, cocktail shrimp, pesto ravioli and more I can't remember or mention.  Can't get any better than that.  They also have dessert and some snacks (banana chips, raisins, etc.).  Sushi was ok, but service was great and the food was salivating and kept me coming back for more.  One star taken off for the long lines, but hey it's Vegas!  And yes, i'll be back (Arnold Schwarzenegger voice)...whenever I return to Vegas.笑
Came here last week it was soo amazing!!! Go on gourmet night-friday Saturday for king crab and rack of Lamb it's worth it. 

What I like the most is the shrimp cocktail which is juicy and flavorful!!! Sooo good I ate a whole plate. ALL the foods served r high quality and something that you'd pay big bucks for if u ate it alone at a nice restaurant. I sat for two hours just eating and eating.

The dessert is also amazing they have good huge chocolate dipped strawberries and creamy cheesecake. 

Our server was a sweet man who went out of his way to make us feel comfortable. We noticed some tables left only two dollar tips...uh wtf u cheap asses. You're supposed to leave at least 15%. Even if it's a buffet the service is amazing so ppl should really not be cheap. It costs 37 to get in so obviously u can't be that poor if ure willing to spend that much on urself to not leave a decent tip. So rude!

What I hate about buffets though is that ppl cut u in line and go all crazy!! Seriously this is a buffet and the food is going to keep coming. Calm down! I literally got man handled by an old lady while getting pasta wtf

Done w the ranting but yes come here when ur in Vegas it's soooo good!笑
Now, I love a good buffet in Vegas. This place is a bit fancy. And it's pricey. With that being said, late Saturday morning we stood in a line to gain entry to this buffet with at least 27867268534097other people. When I tell you the line was LONG.....the line was long and the wait too. FINALLY we make it to the entrance and were seated in a booth. I descended upon that buffet like a walrus on a ton of fresh sea bass. This place had SO MANY STATIONS!!!!! I love meat and TRUST honey, the meat was plentiful. I had an omlet, prime rib, lamb...so much food I can't even recall every morsel that made it's way past my double breasted lips. Now as far as variety, they don't have  - typical buffet fare for your higher end buffets in Vegas, but nothing out of the ordinary like at Wicked. What I LOVE is that the food was FRESH. That's what it all boils down to for me. Because at 40+ dollars I don't want nothing that was sitting out last night and was brought back out. Definitely check it out if your budget allows.笑
This place used to be good, and well worth the money and the time spent in the line. Not anymore.

The selection and quality of food was anything but good. It was edible, but tasteless. The meat selection and quality was rather bad, and so was the sushi.

It sure is not worth the $37 dinner or the 45 mins wait.笑
I was not impressed at all the crab legs were frozen and the rest of the food was very bland.  Everyone raves about the deserts the cakes were dry, creme brulee was ok.  I think the best item was the raspberry and peach sorbet.  I would not recommend this buffet.  Planet Hollywood buffets is way better tasting and bigger selection.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is amazing! I went on a Monday around 7 and we got in without a wait. The stations were consistently full and the staff was working hard to ensure they were kept stocked. The highlights for me were the mash potatoes, crab legs, and the lemon sorbet. Everything was cooked well and tasted delicious. If you play MyVEGAS get the two for one deal during weekdays! Can't go wrong with two dinner buffets at $40.笑
WTF? Where do these people who are giving this place 5 stars normally eat? The dollar menu at McDonalds? Carl's Jr.? 

They raised their prices to $45 plus tax per person for the holidays yet the menu is the same. So, you're spending $100 for a dinner for two no alcohol. You are better off going to one of the finer dining restaurants for that price and getting alcohol as well!

Went there at 4:30 for dinner. Everything looked old. The already super model skinny crab legs were cut in half lengthwise, the salads were wilted, and the sushi translucent. 

Nothing was really great or even good, it was, edible. For $45 a person in just food, I want better than edible. Tuna Helper is edible and I'm only eating that when the boxes go on sale for a buck.

I think I'm actually kind of mad at this lipstick covered pig.

Oh yeah, and I witnessed a little fat kid reach into the shrimp bowl with his bare hand to grab a fistful. I don't know who to blame for that: The parents? The kid? The buffet employee who saw and didn't switch out the bowl? Who do I blame for such an affront? Needless to say, I passed on the shrimp.笑
wow this place is overly hyped. i still love the food here but in no way is it as good as the bayside buffet at mandalay bay or the one at the mirage.笑
the cashier is a douchebag here

a child costs the same as an adult

place is hyped, alot of the stuff seemed fancy but was just...false for some reason

not so great

wynn is better, so much better笑
Bomb.com this was great.  I am not a fan of the line though.  They need to do a better job of moving the line.   Customer service does still matter笑
You are guaranteed to leave this place with a food baby/in a food coma. I mean there are seriously so many options from breakfast to pizza to pasta to sushi to fresh salads and meat. The crab legs are huge but they are freezing cold and cut in half which is sorta weird. They were a let down. During the week you can get bottomless champagne, beer or margs for $10 extra which is way worth it. they also were lacking in dessert options but i hadnt left much room for dessert anyway LOL笑
Starting out with the positives, I loved the fish choices, and enjoyed the puffy bread, pastas, the ribs and the lamb. They have fresh grapefruit juice! The dessert area was overwhelming but the cheesecake, bread pudding, and creme brulee were the best.

But in the end, I was really disappointed! All the beef I had was super undercooked, flat-out raw in the middle. The creme brulee wasn't fully cooked or crunchy on the top even though it tasted right. Everything was just kinda alright, and nothing very creative at all. We were gonna try Wynn the next day but after this we were wary too and instead had a fabulous brunch at Bouchon instead!笑
This buffet was my favorite in Las Vegas until my recent visit.  Now it/s just not worth the price.  The quality has fallen while the price has risen.  Apparently the economy has taken it's toll.笑
Oh wow the Bellagio Buffet, come to mama!  We went just last week and for about $38 we certainly got our money's worth.  The buffet is definitely the best way to get the most food for your money.

I immediately followed my #1 buffet rule:  avoid the carbs, they are fill-you-up traps!  So I loaded up on sushi, sashimi, nigiri, and crab legs (both Alaskan King and Snow) mmmmm.  I also tried their baked wahoo and grilled salmon.  Great seafood selection.  yum yum yum.  They also have beef, chicken, and pork selections but I stuck with the seafood.  Unlike other buffets, I saw the sushi being made right then and there so you know it's good a fresh.

Each meat has its own section, which makes it easier to find what you are looking forward.  For dessert, there was a fantastic selection of cheesecake, tarts, cookies, and cakes. There was also a decent selection of sugar-free desserts too for anyone who is diabetic.  That was a nice touch.笑
Buffets for me are hard because I have a hard time eating large quantities. Yes I am aware that makes me sound like a prissy bitch. But seriously I cannot just overstuff my stomach to the point of near explosion like some people can. I will literally throw up. So buffets are generally a no go, but the group I went with wanted to go and it was only 25 dollars for Sunday Brunch (no champagne, which was fine because I was the walking dead). Overall, really great food to choose from. Great salad bar. A ton of pizza. I wanted to try every type of pizza, but obviously couldn't because I was full after my salad. Raspberry sorbet. Cons: Long line! Sub-zero temperatures so I was really uncomfortable. Probably would have hung out till dinner time had I been more comfy.笑
This is the 2nd time I've been to this buffet and while I remember the dinner price being $50, I was pleasantly surprised to see a different price tag of $28.  I guess in this economy, they want to remain competitive and made their price take a nosedive.  That's fine by me.

It sucks that even if you get in line at 3:45 hoping to get the lunch price but the dinner menu, even if by the time you get up to the cashier at 4:01 and beg for the lunch price and plead that you were in line, they won't give it to you.  Trust me, that's what my friend did and we paid for the dinner price.

Typical buffet with various stations offering various cuisines and dishes.  Difference is the quality of food is noticeably better at places like the Bellagio or the Wynn.  I was starving and went straight for the carving station.  I had the guy cut me 2 slices of the prime rib and a slice of the leg of lamb, then got some asparagus and potatoes, then loaded up plate #2 with a couple of pastas and some pizza.  I really like the food here and while I haven't been to a whole lot of buffets in Vegas, this is definitely one of my favorites.  Especially now with the more affordable dinner price.

When all was said and done, I had made about 4 trips and finished off maybe 7 plates of food (not entirely full).  I was thinking about having a little bit of fruit before attacking the dessert station, but that didn't.  I think my favorite dessert was this chocolate mousse with hazelnuts.  I have a picture of it but I'm on my laptop and the pictures are on my desktop at home. FML

I'd say the only significant disappointment were the king crab legs.  They were previously frozen and tasted like ice.笑
The lines for this place were prettty long when we arrived at around 6:35 on a Saturday night. We ended up being seated at around 7:45 or so. 

The food's pretty good food for 35pp. For me, the highlights of the buffet  were the prime rib, the spicy raw salmon cubes (forgot the exact name!), and the desserts.  The quality of the prime rib was surprisingly good for a buffet, and with the horseradish+au jus, it was just heavenly. I also tried a couple of the other meats, like quail and ostrich and kobe beef... both of which I'm not a fan of. They were a bit too dry and bland. sadness. 

Even though I was stuffed to the max after eating a whole plate of raw fish and meat (no veggies at all !! I felt super great and healthy afterward.........), I made lots of room for dessert. My favorites are the square fruit tart (ate two of those), the chocolate brownie. And they have raspberry sorbet!!! The coffee tiramisu is not bad either, but I'm sure I would've enjoyed it a lot more if I weren't developing super food coma at the time.  We stuffed ourselves for 20 minutes straight! Bf even said 'No time to talk. eating.' so yeah, we were frantically eating for the short time we were there  (we had to catch at show at 9). We didn't feel too good afterward, but it was worth it. SO worth it.笑
Hands down best buffet I've ever experieneced and best meal we had in vegas. I had a BOGO coupon from my vegas and this was well worth the points. At $35 per person, this can't be beat. Lots of seafood and desserts as well as many other gourmet options. Left completely stuffed.笑
If you're a guy and need to take a dump midway through your meal, use the restrooms located right outside of the buffet; it's way cleaner! Time for round two!笑
Went there for a dinner with a party of 5. We decided to come here because we have a VIP access otherwise the line could take hours. The food here was very disappointing compare to other places or even at their place a few years ago. I have been to this buffet quite a few times in the past and it was never this bad. Went there around 9pm and the food was mostly gone. The dessert selections were so small or even f However, the staff were very friendly. Will definitely not be going back here for this price.笑
I came here three years ago and it was good now the Food has gone to shit ,I felt sick afterwards, never going there again.笑
From Lobster to champagne to everything in between. This is one of the hotest places to have brunch. The line is long always so the earlier the better. Be prepared to wait. Bring your appetite!!笑
I'm not sure why this beautifully majestic buffet has less than 5 stars. It's reasonably priced. There's an endless array of meat, seafood, sides, and dessert. The waiters are hilarious and attentive, and I left feeling like I needed to be wheel barreled out of the place. If that doesn't scream success, then I don't know what does.

There is a 2 hour limit, which I was kind of annoyed about at first. But when the 45 minute mark hit, I was ready to get out of there because I couldn't eat another bite. I'd recommend going in leggings or another type of stretchy pant because every inch counts.笑
The best buffet for an MGM Grand Hotel! Best Variety and amazing flavored food. Great Servers as well!笑
I would like to say first that my 1 star does not reflect the food available at this buffet at all, entirely the service. That being said that food is not much different than many other high end buffets offered on the strip for the exact same price, and certainly not more delicious or different enough to go back and undergo the same treatment. 

A group of 5 of us decided to have brunch there on Sunday. The line was incredibly long but we were not in a hurry and waited patiently for about 30-40 minutes. We were all on vacation, staying at the hotel, and this was our last opportunity to spend time together before we all left (to various cities/states) later that evening. Each of us ordered the "unlimited" champagne option with the intention of eating, drinking, and hanging out for quite some time. 

At first our server was very helpful. He was friendly and was prompt to refill our waters, juice, and champagne. After we were there for a couple of hours he asked us if we needed anything else because he was getting ready to leave. This was obviously his cue that he wanted a tip but that was fine, most of us have worked in the service industry and he was polite about it. Two of us had tipped him on our credit card and another one of us at the table gave him $20 upon this cue. 

30 minutes or so passed and we were all running low on drinks and a new server had not been by to greet us. We spotted him walking by and asked him if he could refill our drinks or send whichever coworker was going to be taking over our table. At this point his personality had taken a complete 180 and he rudely explained that we drank too much and he wasn't going to provide anymore refills on the "unlimited" champagne. This was entirely untruthful and ridiculous for all of the following reasons:

1) We had been there for 3 hours at this point, yes we had been drinking semi-continuously during this time but we were also continuously eating. 
2) there were FIVE of us, obviously the amount of champagne the entire table consumed was going to be elevated vs. most tables of 2 or 3
3) Not once did anybody at the table show any signs of intoxication of the slightest bit. There was nothing spilled, dropped, no falling down, no impaired walking, no harsh words, absolutely no indication that a single person should not continue to be served. 
4) Just because you have already received your tip from a table that you may or may not have found to be adequate for the amount of time they were taking up space in your section is NEVER a valid reason to begin acting rude and uncooperative. 

We then asked to speak with the manager to demonstrate that everybody at the table was in a clear state of mind and express how unfair and unhappy we were with the treatment. She was of absolutely no help and then explained she could give us "one more round, but that was it" SO if the argument is that a table has drank far too much and can not be served anymore for "legal purposes" as we were told doesn't it seem a bit counter intuitive and just plain wrong to provide with them "just one more drink" Exactly. 

After all of this one of the girls at our table decided to go up to the bar to purchase her own drink and of course, they took her money and served her one. 

Yes there are probably people that take advantage of the "unlimitedness" of the buffet but isn't that the POINT?? We are not there every weekend doing this we were simply trying to get the most out of our last day there.  We were tipping well, spending money on Keno, and being extremely decent and respectful to everyone that worked there. 

As mentioned earlier the food is of no superior quality to the plethora of other brunches on or near the strip at the same price: Wynn, Bayside Buffet, Rio, even Treasure Island and I am sure the experience would be much more pleasant.笑
why? 
hedonistic and tacky 
seriously, americans do we really need that much food???笑
Lots of different kinds of foods and very tasty.  My favorite is the smoked salmon.  I was surprised to see chilled king crab and snow crab. I prefer it steamed,  but one can't be too picky,  right?笑
My husband and I decided to dine at the Bellagio Buffet based on a recommendation of a local resident. Our experience was underwhelming (which is an understatement). It was over priced and offered a selection similar to that of any typical buffet. I would have rather taken the money we spent on the dining experience and spent it in a slot machine.笑
Finally got to try what Kobe beef taste like. It was so soft and chewy! 
Love the king crab and snow crab legs. I love how they already cut the legs in half for you, making eating the meat so much easier. 
Sushi - so much to choose from! 
You'll be distracted by the pretty presentation of the desserts. 
Service was very good.笑
Totally agree with Yami's comment about this place. I've been here last year and thought it was OK, this time it's just disappointing. I'm here for the holiday brunch during labor day weekend, not sure whether it has anything to do with the poor quality and selection of food. It's barely average. Bacchanal was MUCH BETTER as far as I can tell.笑
My experience here was nothing less than memorable.  As far as buffet's are concerned, The Buffet at Bellagio is the best buffet I've ever been to so far.  I have yet to the buffet at the Wynn, and maybe when I go there, this will get bumped to second, but I was extremely satisfied.

I'll first start with the downsides of the buffet, which are relatively small and can be easily over looked.  First of all, if you go during peak dinner hours on a saturday night, expect at least a 45+ minute wait.  I can't ding the restaurant for being extremely successful though, but just keep that in mind. The food is totally worth the wait.  Second downside was the price.  I went with a group of more than 8 so they included an 18% gratuity before we even went in so the total price was close to $46 which is a little steep, but hey, YOLO.  Besides, its not like I go to vegas every weekend so splurging on a first time experience was something I needed to at least once.

Now, after I waited out the 45 minutes of hunger pains and coughed up the dough to pay for the dinner, I was in heaven.  Surprisingly, the decor was more simple than I was expecting for The Bellagio, but it was nice and clean.  Who goes to a buffet to look at the walls anyway?  Within seconds of being shown to our table, I immediately jogged over to the food and nearly bit into it right in front of the chefs.  There were all sorts of meats and dishes from different cultures; japanese, chinese, italian, mexican, and more, and each one looked as appetizing as the next.

I started with the heavy foods, the beef wellington, the roasted pepercorn roast beef, the kobe beef, the St Louis ribs, the pork loin, and herb crusted quail.  It reminded me of the scene from the Hunger Games when Katniss went to the Capitol and was introduced to extravagant foods for the first time.  I wish I had a third or fourth stomach so I could eat more than a fair share.  Anyhow, all the meats were superb, except for the kobe beef.  Mine was a tad bit dry, probably because it was cooked 30 minutes before I arrived, but non the less, it was still tasty.  All the other meats were so juicy and spectacular that my mouth is watering as I type this review and remember it all.

After my first plate of heavy meats, I went on to try all the pastas in the Italian department.  There were several pasta dishes which I tried and can't remember the name of, but they were all fantastic as well.  Next up was the japense sushi, the chinese wontons, chinese chicken, chow mein, and pineapple fried rice.  The california rolls weren't all too fresh but they were decent.  The chinese food was pretty good and I have no complaints here.

All in all, the asian food section of the bar was solid.  The real winner though for me was the assorted meats they had which really hit a home run for me.  I went back for seconds and thirds of the meat and ate until my stomach hated me and I regretted it.  I don't regret it actually.  Anyhow, the desserts there were great as well.  Not only was it great presentation, but they perfected the texture and taste.  My friends loved the macaroons and I love the raspberry sorbet.

Two weeks of working out are now required to cleanse my body of the tsunami of calories that hit it.  So worth it though.笑
Although there were other seats available, they placed my group in the booth immediately next to the dishwashing entrance. My gripe is not that they perhaps profiled us for whatever reason like how much tip they though we would leave, etc. My gripe is that why would they put tables in that area for ANY customer to sit without effectively buffering the noise? 

There was loud crashing and clanking of dishes and dinnerware that reverberated off the walls and it absolutely ruined the meal. It really doesn't matter the quality of the food when you have these sounds piercing your eardrum as you are trying to chew. 

My recommendation is if they are trying to place you in a sorry location, request a different table even if you have to wait longer. After all you are throwing down quite a chunk of $ for the price. Or better yet they should fix the noise problem itself.笑
I don't think much explanation is needed for this place. It's one of the best in Vegas. I came for brunch and didn't have to wait in line. No complaints - except for the melted frozen yogurt, but it's a good thing I didn't eat that.

I still think Rio is better - the buffet bar is so much bigger yet still keeps its quality.

JONASAPPROVED!笑
I rate The Buffet at Bellagio 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and specially The Buffet at Bellagio. This buffet is the best of the best without a doubt. I have tried many others nearby and they don't compare to the size, selection, food quality, selection, service and did I mention the wide range of selections? At a different hotel (W**n), I have left their buffet hungry due to poor selections--nothing to eat. I assure you that this is not a problem at The Buffet at Bellagio. I specially value the huge selection of Sushi and Japanese food--in fact, one whole pod of the buffet is dedicated to this! Great breads and desserts! The only problem with The Buffet is that you gotta pay attention to where you are seated as you can easily get lost!笑
My wife and I came here on a Wednesday evening at about 5:45pm and walked right in with no line.  The food station selections were a little better than most buffets that I have been to.

The flank steak and prime rib were delicious, as was the poke.  The rice on the nigiri sushi  could have been a little smaller, but that's OK.  The beef roast that they were trying to pass off as a Kobe beef roast was just regular roast beef.  If it were real Kobe beef, that meat would have been buttery tender with no effort in cutting or chewing.  The king crab legs were great, especially when heated!  I don't think anyone knew that they could have it heated, as I was the only one requesting this (or the other people just liked really cold crab).

I went to look for a pair of chopsticks at the sushi bar and did not find any.  I asked the counter person and he directed me to another station, where again I didn't find any.  I asked our waiter for chopsticks and he promptly directed me to the sushi bar.  It was not busy at this time and he did not provide good customer service by saying that he will be right back with some chopsticks.  I did finally find chopsticks because previously, no one cared to fill the basket up.  For this incident with the waiter and other staff, I cannot give a 5-star rating.  I work at the Wynn where customer service is everything and that is why no 5th star.

Other than that, the waiter was pretty good at keeping our beverages filled besides giving me regular iced tea on a refill rather than raspberry tea.  Will I be back?  Most definitely.  Some things can be overlooked.  I think I may have found my new favorite buffet!笑
My cousin was visiting from Hawaii and had this place under her "must eat" list. The line was steady and being at the Bellagio, expect pricey! We got the additional all you can drink and went on a mission to binge eat. I usually go for the seafood and more expensive items...there wasn't much variety here. I ate two plates of prime rib (which was to die for), a hand roll of spicy ahi, some crab legs, and tried a few usual dishes at the buffet. Oh and can't forget, dessert! I think it was a waste to get the all you can drink option because it made me full faster after my first mimosa. I wish the crab legs were served warm, then I'd give this place 5 stars!笑
Great as always, but long lines during the Labor Day weekend. Still worth the $50 per person price. $$$$笑
I've been to the Buffet at Bellagio many times in the past. During my last visit last month to the Buffet at Bellagio, I was really disappointed. Since it was the Thanksgiving Holiday, they had a special holiday price that was a little more expensive. I don't mind paying more for quality, but the food wasn't up to par.

Starting with the Cesar salad, it wasn't fresh and very soggy, The Kobe style steak at the carving station was not very soft and moist. The sushi was good and fresh, but the selection was smaller than expected. I had a few of the other dishes, but nothing really satisfied me.

I think the dessert selection was the highlight. These was a large variety of desserts and I tried a bunch of them.

The drink service was good as the waiter was friendly, helpful, and quick to refill our cups.笑
I visited the Bellagio two weeks ago. I was in Vegas celebrating my friend's birthday. The food was so goos. Great variety. We ended up going two days in a row and it was well worth it.笑
This buffet used to be my favorite. Until I came here on Saturday for dinner. We got here at 5:45pm and there was absolutely no one in line that's odd because the line used to rope around the corner. We decided to see the buffet selection first before we paid. Oh my goodness what happened to the delicious food selection they used to have. They down graded they went from a 10 to a 1 but still charge the the same price. I was heart broken. Well this is good bye.笑
We've been here multiple times for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  It's OK.  Wynn has higher quality food as well as better environment.  For variety, we go to Caesars.笑
So far, this is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas...it's consistently great.

The menu items do change daily and also change for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  While they didn't have one of my favorite items this time (Chinese food - sweet and sour chicken), they did have a new item I hadn't had before - a Teriyaki Grilled Beef - amazingly good...the teriyaki wasn't actually too strong, it added just enough flavor to really make the beef flavor stand-out and the grilled flavor was perfect...it tasted like the summer!

The best deal is to some here during the week since it's much less expensive and less crowded as well.笑
one of the better buffets in vegas, came here for new years and ate myself into a food coma. unlimited champagne which was very good. unlimited lobster tails. grilled swordfish, kobe beef, and a wide variety of desserts, well you can just imagine how good the food was that night, they went all out. not sure how it is regularly but it was worth 70.00 that night including gratuity and everything. definitely will come back again笑
The best buffet in Vegas!   This one has everything!   We went twice for lunch and also brunch and didn't have to wait.    Amazing!笑
I would not recommended this buffet to anyone.  My husband and I had Sunday Brunch there and it was horrible. Most of the food was extremely cold, prime rib was extremely cold along with all the veggies.  I asked for the staff to heat up my food and was laughed at by the buffet workers.  My husband and I left since the food was so bad and left hungry!   We paid $34.00 each.  We will never return. We had eaten at the Mirage Buffet earlier in the year for $12.99 each and it was 5 stars better than Bellagio.笑
Pros :
Variety was decent

Cons :
Overpriced!
The quality of the food was well below par.
Service was bad.笑
Everything is about average here. Food taste no better than $20 buffet at LA
Definitely overpriced.笑
Excellent variety of traditional breakfast foods, Asian delicacies, deserts, omelette to order, assorted meats- and my favorite all you want smoked salmon! We prefer to eat at the bar, for an additional charge you get all you can drink mimosa/sangria/champagne/ margarita. Staff are very friendly and efficient, great coffee. We eat brunch here whenever we visit Vegas笑
Why wouldn't you come to a buffet when in Vegas? 

Lots of options... Pizza, pasta, salad, meat, a whole Chinese section, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, seafood section, sushi and an entire dessert section. I liked the array of options. However food was just average. Make sure you go hungry so you get your moneys worth!笑
Came in at 1:30pm for lunch ($20) and left at 5:00pm. We made sure to pay the lunch price, but get the best of both worlds, lunch and dinner. They probably only had a handful of different dishes when the time changed. The crab came out during dinner so did other desserts, nigiri, and some other stuff I forgot. What I like about some of the buffets around here is that we can eat some food, leave the buffet to go outside, smoke, and gamble a bit, and came back and eat some more. We made sure we got our money's worth. I visited this buffet as well as the Paris buffet. Bellagio was way better. Like what others have said, if you like meat, you'll love this place. Tons of animals to eat from pork ribs, to chicken, to turkey, beef, prime rib, seabass, three different kinds of salmon, seafood up the yin yang,  and many others. My first plate was full of meat. They also had a little ice cream dispenser with caramel, fudge, and almonds...great, wish they had more toppings. Good desserts, flan, creme bulee, fruit tart, mousses. I can never find a buffet with good sushi, their sushi sucked. They have tons of food from Asian, to Italian, to whatever else you want. I felt like a freakin kid in a candy store.笑
This is an excellent buffet that has yet to fail me or upset my stomach (see my review of the Rio Buffet).  They have a great selection of dishes that are of good quality.  Their lines for the weekend brunch can look long but they definitely move quickly.  This is definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas and one you'll want to wear your fat pants to.笑
I was at The Buffet and was happy as always..I love buffet and heard this was the best one in las vegas.  So a  me and a few friends waited in line for almost 2 hrs before getting into The Buffet.  Excited like a little kid in a candy store until a friend found a worm in the food.. YES a worm and it was trying to make a run for it.  The worm was still moving on his plate of food.  All of us stopped eating and report this to one of the worker hoping they would do something about it. The only thing they did was said the manger is busy and for us to take our money and leave.  So to cut thing short no way me or my friends will eat there again.  My friend record the worm moving on the plate and yes it will be on youtube and face book.  Can believe Bellagio would allow something like that to happen and do nothing about it..SO SAD!!!!!笑
Only been here for their breakfast/brunch buffet and it was not great at all for the price you have to pay. They just have duplicate station on both sides so the selection was very limited. Can't comment on their lunch or dinner selection, not sure if I want to give it a try after the bad experience with brunch. Close to $30 for brunch I can get my fresh fruits, oatmeal, muffins, danish and omelet fix else where for cheaper and can you really eat your money's worth with smoked salmon...common now!笑
This is probably one of the better buffet's on the strip, but it is kind of pricey.  I love how they have items that you wouldn't normally see, such as kobe beef, ostrich, and elk.  I also liked that they had spicy tuna hand rolls and that the shrimps were already peeled.  Everything was pretty good, I just wish I had a bigger storage space for it in my stomach.  The best way to save some money is to probably come 30minutes to an hour before dinner starts so you only have to pay lunch time prices, then slowly eat and lounge around until dinner starts up.  Then, it is like getting 2 meals for the price of 1.笑
Went to the breakfast buffet here- it was pretty good vast variety, including lox, eggs in any way, pastries, etc. They had the really good jams in mini containers, which was awesome. Great service. My only complaint is that there were no custom crepes, and no brie!! I'd expect Bellagio to have that. They were switching out the plates to lunch by the end of our run, but we were so stuffed we had to pass. I'd give it a 4.5 but rounded up because I'm sure lunch and dinner also have amazing choices.笑
Champagne brunch was soooo worth it! Unlimited champagne, mountains of king crab legs, breakfast, lunch, desserts etc.. what more can you ask for?

Luckily we arrived early enough Sunday morning to beat the rush. We were there around 9-10am笑
everyone keeps mentioning how great the lunch/dinner is (which it is), but don't rule out breakfast.  if you're lucky enough to wake up early enough to catch the breakfast rush, go!!!  i camer here after waking up to a lobotomizing headache and it was definitely worth it.  in fact, i suggest you come here with a hangover--it just makes everything taste better.  the waffles are awesome; and whatever you do, do NOT miss out on the dessert (drooooool).笑
My family and I went here on 5/4/11 which was a wednesday.  We went right at 330pm which is the best time to go before 4pm and pay the lunch price of $17.99 and be able to try thier lunch at dinner courses.  Dinner is $29.99  Unfortunately we didnt get to try lunch because we waited in line for 30 mins but thats the case at any buffet in Vegas.  When our turn was up and we were led to a table I looked around and I felt the place was a little tight in space.  The atmoshpere felt old and out dated and the lights were very dim as if it was meant to be romantic but i guess thats ok for some people.  The buffet line up did not move me off my feet like the Sutdio B buffet at the M Resort and Casino but none the less it held its own.  I was a little disappointed by the options because i had high expectations because of my fellow yelpers.  Dont get me wrong the Bellagio buffet is good just not as good as Studio B but it is conveniant for being on the strip.
     The buffet is like a big letter "C' with the beverage bar and dessert station in the center of it all.  I dont know why but one side of the whole place was completely empty while everyone was jam packed on the other side.  Anyways, of course being a carnivore i started with the carving station which had prime rib (my all time favorite), roast of lamb, turkey breast and Kobe beef tri tip.  I know my steaks and the Kobe beef tri tip was really dry and i could tell it was Kobe beef because of the high fat content but for some reason is was very disappointing.  All these meats were accompanied by the usual sauses such as horseradish cream, au jus and gravy but thats all they were, usuals.  At the beginning of the buffet is the salad bar and i made it a mission to try and make me a plate of salad, but i failed lol.  Im a carnivore!  Next was the soup station but i didnt have any of that either and then the carving station followed by the seafood station.  I had some crab but it wasnt anything special and it was snow crab not the jumbo kind.  At the end of the line is a sushi station which had real sushi chefs( at least thats what they appered to be) making sushi.  The one thing i found funny was they had the vegetable sushi and crab sushi signs in the wrong places and i still managed to confuse myself.  Ha!  The sushi wasnt anything special either plus they didnt have anything set out when i walked up and there were like 10 people waiting.  I spotted the Ahi Poke and darted for it before anybody else realized it hahaha snooze you lose.
     My family had a little bit of everything because that is what you do at a buffet.  If you fill up on one thing then your gonna leave the rest undiscovered and when you find out theres more you're too stuffed.  Everyday we were in Vegas, my 3 yr old always wanted to eat ice cream, shes a junk food junkie, so im sure her favorite was the dessert station.  I really liked the dessert station too and that is the one the Bellagio buffet has on the Studio B buffet.  The desserts were really good especially for buffet fare.  Would i go back? In a heart beat!笑
Went during dinner hours during Labor Day weekend so the prices were higher than usual. The food was ok nothing spectacular however I did enjoy the crab legs. Wish I could have eaten more. The roast turkey was also great. Those were my 2 favorite things. Everything else was average. Definitely not worth the price笑
Good food, nice service. No line today. Lucky me. This is my first time here. My first stop in Las Vegas. Everything goes well. I'm happy. Going to walk on the strip after this.笑
I should just cut and paste my review of the Wicked spoon buffet to this. Food wise, somewhat similar. People say this is the best buffet in Vegas, I beg to differ. To me, it's like any other newer, big budget casino buffet. Food is fresh, place was clean, it's what to expect from a restaurant of a high-end hotel.笑
Oh, look at this, Oh wow look at that, Where do I start. Do I start at the delicious soups, miso, egg drop, chicken noodle,tomato basil,corn chowder,clam chowder. or maybe the salads, Oh wait, look, marinated olives, cheese balls in a basil pesto sauce, pasta salads. Man, look at the size of those shrimps. wherever you start at this buffet, you will not be able to end because of the many selections and gourmet entrees. Food that will satisfy and tempt your taste buds. Did I mention the sushi selections? There might be better buffets in lost wages but I have yet to find one any better than The Buffet at Bellagios.笑
This is the only buffet in Las Vegas you should eat at. The breakfast there is amazing.笑
OMG so much food and so fancy!!! Just to start, you better get here early because the line-up is about an hour long. You can by-pass it by paying the hostess $15 extra a person. Once you're inside, it's food heaven! So much variety and high quality items. There was steak tartare, Alaskan king crab legs, sushi and sashimi, sea bass, prime rib, etc. so much good food and the desserts were just as amazing. No wonder it's one of the busiest buffets in Vegas. You will leave completely stuffed and very satisfied.笑
WAY DISAPPOINTED!

This used to be one of the best Buffets on the strip. Pricey yes, but good.

As of 2013, same price but this is what you should expect for your quality dinner:
- Taco Station
- Pizza Station
- Chinese Food Station
- Soggy Salad Bar
- Kobe Beef that you cannot chew nor cut
- Mediocre dry desserts
- Fruit (whole), tiny - 1in pears, 2in apples

It wasn't all bad.
- Limited Sushi Great
- Roasted Bone Marrow, Yum
- Prime Rib, good as ever
- Lamb Chops, fav of the night!

All in all, I feel although some foods were great, the fact that there were "fast food" stations (which did not taste good) was a major turn off. Even the old "sliders" they had would have been better. Those were delicious.笑
I have been to this buffet a couple of times in the past. I have always had a good experience, and the food is really well prepared! it's defintely worth every penny笑
Absolutely awful dinner here last night.  Bread was dry and stale like it was cut hours ago and the air killed it. Meat was dry, over cooked, flavorless. Sides were standard buffet average. Service was average. Line was long but it was dinner time. Desserts were decent, I probably liked the cheesecake the best. Total waste of $40!! Probably will never be back. Such a shame because years ago I had an amazing brunch here. Obviously they have totally fallen off over the last few years. Lowlight of my vacation so far.笑
I expected more food options and quality before heading in for dinner yesterday. It wouldn't have been worth the price if we had to pay regular price. Luckily I was able to redeem my myVegas BOGO so only my boyfriend had to pay. The line was ridiculously long but we were so glad we got to skip the line. It definitely wouldn't have been worth it if we had to wait in line.

We noticed that many of the selections were quite salty. It's as if they do that on purpose so we can drink more water and eat less. The king crab legs were good though! They should be steamed because everyone lines up to get them steamed. I didn't have any sushi but when I went to take a look it was quite sad. The rolls had so much rice and didn't look appealing at all. I enjoyed the quail that I made my boyfriend try it. It would have tasted better if there was less salt. Another good selection was the crawfish.

Definitely not worth the wait if you can't skip the line!笑
We play pool in Vegas every year.  It's been an annual tradition now that we stop at the Bellagio Buffet every time!  I just can't get enough of their yummy Sea Bass!  They also have a big selection of other sea foods, sushi, and of course a variety of meat as well.  Expensive for a buffet ($35 dinner) but worth it.  I think you can get the same food cheaper if you go earlier before they start their dinner.笑
HORRIBLE.
I had high hopes for this place because of what I have been hearing so I decided to try this place with my family.  The food looked appetizing, but don't be deceived, it was horrible.  Many of the food there was either dry, hard, or tasted weird.  The server was very nice and gave us quick service so I give this place a one star.  Other than that, stay away from this place!笑
Get an M Life Card. Cut the line! Just saying, it will be a monstrous line if you go at the wrong time.

There's likely not much I can add to the conversation cause this place is amazing.  

If you come to this buffet and say, there's nothing I want.  You must never ever ever eat.  They have everything.  They're not going to rush you out, so I'd say take your time.  Do a lap, scope out the goods.  See where the lines are, what's going to to be restocked soon, and then make a plan. Then eat.  Get your money's worth, don't plan stuff right after.  Make it a ice chill night that pull do some walking to sight. Walk off the destruction you've just caused.

It's worth it, I loved it, I ate my face off.笑
on sunday we came for the brunch buffet.  ive been here before.  the line was long.  we chose to sit at the bar which shortened our wait by a few minutes.  i tried almost everything.  a lot of things i took a bite of and didnt eat the rest.  some good things were the prime rib.  the african bluesomething fish.  scrambled eggs.  the fruit was ripe and fresh.  prawn cocktail.  white beans.  sweet potato mash.  soups.  

i think i prefer the wynn buffet.  their presentation is a lot better and flavors and food more innovative. bellagio is more into giving you more more more.  for mashed potatoes they give you three kinds - normal, pesto and sweet. id rahter have one really good thing than  a lot of mediocre things.笑
You're in Vegas, so expect the prices to seem high. It's a bit pricey, but it's great, quality food. There are many different dishes from which to choose. Several different cultures are represented, even during breakfast. I'd definitely go back.笑
There was not enough staff to handle the onslaught of customers.  Add a soiled napkin, and you get my low review.  I saw the manager and I noted the lack of his service workers.  He said he had enough staff to handle the needs of his customer.  

To the human resource cost manager, working your staffing here, it's time to bring some secret shoppers .笑
Came there at 1st of Dec

No need to explain more, just GOOD...!!
you will not disappoint笑
I've never been a fan of buffets, but the Bellagio's won me over when it first opened. But it seems this place has gone down hill over the years. The food just isn't very good any more.笑
Everyone kept telling me how good Bellagio Buffet is so I wanted to try it out.  I left the hotel and I was even asking the taxi cab driver and he said it was good so I was excited to see what's up.  

Me and my friends were starving, and it was about 3PM and I haven't ate since the day before around 6pm. We waited in line for about 30 mins and it only cost us $25.00 each for the buffet which aint bad at all and finally I was ready to attack and get my grub on. LoL i was soo hungry i was putting food on my plate and eating it while walking around looking for other food.  I tried there Prime Rib and Lamb, both were ok, but prime rib was a lil bit too red, but I still ate it.  I pretty much tried everything, and everything was good, but not great.  The all you can eat shrimp was bomb though, cause i ate like 15 shrimps.. I was looking forward to the crab legs but that was dinner time. 

Anyways my experience was ok, i would go back but I would rather try other places to see wassup.  Next is the Wynn buffet!!!

Enjoy!笑
I don't know if the Bellagio has fallen on hard times, but I ate here about five years ago and the food was in a whole different class of where it is now. I would expect such junk as DRY stir-fry noodles over at the Excalibur buffet for $15, but for the $25 Sunday Brunch? At one of the most expensive hotels on the strip? Gross!

I suggest skipping the Bellagio buffet all together and heading over to the Wynn - a better buffet splurge (even though it's $5 or so cheaper). See my review for more info.

Looking forward to maybe plunking down the $85 for the Bally's Silver Buffet or whatever it's called on my next trip!笑
The was the best buffet in town 15 years ago. It had exotic meat from peasant to Kobe beef to venison. But as time went on and the corporations took over, the buffet went down hill. Too bad the prices didn't follow. The service was always great but the lines were always too long.  When Steve Wynn exited, so did the quality. I give it four stars because of the great memories. But it really deserves three based on the generic buffet fare that sits under the heat lamps now. Definitely not worth the price of admission. Or the wait. Can't say it's a winner but it's not a loser either. Go to the Mandalay buffet. It's cheaper and better. If you're thinking about going to the Wynn buffet, skip it. It's just a rehash of the Bellagio buffet. Overpriced.笑
Whatever you do, DON'T MISS THE SWORFISH! It's like eating butter, but it's a fish!

If it's not the swordfish, then you gotta get at the bread pudding.笑
This place has it all. You had handmade tacos, Italian, sushi and seafood. The deserts looked amazing but after the full court calorie press I initiated at the buffet I had no room to try them. 

In my youth I heard tales of a mythical Viking creation that used light reflected through a prism then bounced off a piece of Rock from Stonehenge to create a powerful crab laser capable of the meticulous cutting necessary to not damage the delicious and delicate sweet crab meet inside.  I'm sure you could imagine my elation when I found Alaskan King Crab legs perfectly sliced in half lengthwise on this buffet!!! I shouted "by Freyja's cat-drawn chariot!" at the sight, I loaded a plate and headed back to my seat to consume mass quantities. After I had thrashed my legs I headed back to the buffet for more but to much to my disliking they had been vanquished, so I just got some pizza instead.

I couldn't get anyone at the buffet to confirm the existence of the viking crab laser and when I asked our server who's name was Catfish, she acted like I was the one named catfish.

Check it out.笑
This use to be one of my favorite buffets in town.   The food USE to be of high quality and the coffee was the best.  I was sadden to come back since being here in March to see such a downgrade of the food quality and variety.  You now have to get your own drink like you're at Sweet Tomatoes but automatically tip at 18% still though for party of 8 and the price is still the same.  I'll now just go to the M Buffet, Rio Buffet for the quality and experience Bellagio promised on their site.笑
Not sure what the hype is.  We went to the buffet last Saturday for dinner waited for an hour, paid $40 per person and was not impressed.  The food tasted bland.  The best tasting was probably deserts.  

I've been to the World Carnival Buffet twice and would prefer it over the Bellagio.笑
To be honest, the only thing this place has for their breakfast buffet that I liked was the omelet bar.  The rest was mediocre at best.  If you want a great buffet in Vegas, go across the street to the Wynn.笑
Pretty expensive, $70 for two people!! Came here with my gf and her friends before we head back to beautiful Los Angeles CA....good was good. Had everything I could possibly fit in a plate (aka a heart attack)...really good food! I loved the shrimp!! 4 stars because I felt it was ridiculous how much it was for one person.笑
As with most of the Vegas restaurants these days, it's all about quantity. Quality comes in third, behind volume and aesthetic.  The Bellagio has the prettiest mediocre food that I've ever eaten...but it's completely unsatisfying.  

Our dinner mate who urged us to eat at the Bellagio thanks to a Travel Channel review was absolutely crestfallen when he took his first bite of the Kobe beef.  "I don't think they massaged this cow enough," he remarked after chewing the tough meat.  I agreed.  That set the tone for the buffet.

As I was trying to decide on salad selections, the server at the station praised the Thai salad, and declared it her favorite.  I have no idea why it was considered Thai-there was almost no flavor, let alone spiciness that I usually associate with Thai food.  The king crab legs were served halved lengthwise and ice cold.  The drawn butter?  I doubt that was butter.  More like a golden hued oil.  Yuck.  Turkey?  Dry.  Everything I ate was completely lacking in flavor.  Seriously, had I been blindfolded, I could not have identified a single item.  

The service was great for a buffet.  We had the unlimited champagne/Bellini/mimosa which was a great deal at $8 per person, but cheap/free booze isn't hard to find in Vegas.  

I'm not a buffet person anyway, but this just cemented it for me.  Off the menu, from now on.笑
The best tip I can give you: pay an extra $20 and skip the entire line. We would have waited well over an hour but were seated in less than 5 minutes.

Another great tip: bottomless mimosas (which is mimosas, bloody Mary's, sangria, and margaritas) is only $15. The waitstaff was very good about keeping your drinks full.

Now on to the food. Brunch includes a large variety of breakfast items, fruit, pasta, pastries, crab legs, seafood, meat, and dessert. I was very happy and full.笑
3 stars.... could be better. I don't like cold crab legs. And this cut through the middle that is suppose to make it easier to eat is a bad idea! It makes them taste like water! Note * Crab legs taste like fishy water! Hence 3 stars! The prime rib, was soft and very tasty! Loved atleast that. The desert lady gave me the evil eye while I waited for her to burn the sugar on the creme brule! Total let down! the poke was 5 stars all the way! The salmon and tuna poke are ssooo good and fresh! Id come back to this buffet and one great reason is what we accidently found out by getting there at 240pm on 4th of July and paid for brunch  and dinner was put out at 3pm! We didn't do it on purpose but now I see what a great idea that is for our future trips! Our server was awesome! I hate that we were all tipsy and I can't remember her name. Tall beautiful black woman! She was awesome! We paid the $15 each for the bottomless alcohol and she always had a full glass for us! Thanks Belagio Buffet!笑
Was there with the family and had dining credit to use. The restaurants in Bellagio where I could use the credits were too nice but I could use the credit at the buffet so we had dinner there and breakfast the next day. Dinner is $35 and breakfast $19. Breakfast is a much better deal. All the standard stuff egg, bacon, sausage, pancakes, waffles. Did not want to wait in line for omelet. Some nice things like eggs benedict that were very good. They also have a decent choice of chinese breakfast items such a rice porridge, steamed pork buns. Dessert at breakfast and dinner are identical but there are a lot of desserts  and all the desserts are very good so whatever I did not try at dinner I had at breakfast and then some.  For dinner you have prime rib that was very good and for me the best item. There is what they call Kobe top round roast that was tough and you should avoid. The selection at dinner covers pretty much everything. For the crab legs they are cold but you can give a plate of crab legs to the person behind the counter and they will heat it up. Not sure how they do it but I suspect they just microwave it. Wife like the crab legs but for me they are just too much work to eat. Kids were happy as the had mac and cheese is small ramekins, pizza and ribs and of course the desserts. For both dinner and breakfast we waited about 20 minutes to get in. We were there midweek and had dinner around 6:00 pm and breakfast around 10:00 am. One other thing they have very good coffee.笑
Had buffet dinner here during Labor Day weekend.  The food quality has gone down a notch since I last visited.  The price went up quite a bit ($52/person). The crab legs are super salty and cold. The waitress afterwards told us that we could have asked for reheat of our crab leg plates. A little too late.  Chinese foods don't taste good.  Spanish and Italian dishes are decent.  The meat (prime rib, hangar steak, lamb chop) are good. With a plethora of choices nearby, i would skip the line at this buffet next time.笑
The mussels are the bomb. Smelled like wet dog in one section (I'm a nurse, my olfactory nerves are practically dead, but the wet dog smell was just too much), and we were transferred promptly upon request. The smell wafted eventually. Other menu items of note are the poke, wonton soup, beef ravioli, cappucino (dessert item, not a drink), kobe beef, and caviar (it's not particularly great, but I suppose it's notable). The latter two are only available during weekend dinner service. Ok for the price, wet dog smell, lackluster ambiance and all.笑
Insanely delicious buffet for the price! Even at the mediocre buffets in the medicore hotels, you're looking at 35 bucks a person for dinner, but at bellagio it was only 28 bucks I believe and the food was phenomenal. My entire family had a food coma by the end of the night, I felt like crawling back to my hotel room... ahahaha. 

Most memorable plate I had was the desserts. Oh how I'm a sucker for desserts and this place definitely delivers the goods. They're cocktail shrimp and crab legs were good too. They had things from prime rib, filet mignon, tacos, pizza, sushi, to even gourmet mac n cheese. They had over 5 different types of bread as well, I love bread. ahaha. 

I would definitely eat her again the next time I'm in Vegas, can't really compare it to Wynn's buffet since I havent tried that, but bellagio I can say definitely does not disappoint!笑
The trick to Vegas buffets is to go mid-day and make it your only major meal for the day.  (Eat something small around noon.)

At $20 for lunch, the Bellagio buffet is a steal.  Much more reasonable than the Wynn's $40.  

I ate:
-Pesto mashed potatoes
-mussels
-Heirloom tomatoes and mozerella salad
-shanghai-style noodles
-vietnamese spring roll 
-spicy tuna hand roll
-miso soup 
-udon salad 
-smoked salmon 
-amazing spinach salad 
-shrimp cocktail
-mushrooms 
-pasta
-ravioli
-corn
-polenta 
-sweet potatoes
- caramel flan 
-chocolate cake 

The variety was pretty good.  They didn't have Indian food, which the Wynn had, but everything tasted great.  The vegetarian options were excellent.  What a great deal AND meal!笑
We went for dinner twice on two different trip to Vegas, and so far we think that this is the best buffet in Vegas by far! There is a lot of variety, and everything tastes quite good to excellent. I love the king crab legs! We will certainly go back.笑
I wish they had a never return here star...it was horrible...

Have you ever been to HomeTown Buffet? Or Sizzler? Well they blow this place out of the water...

Prime Rib, not so great...Lobster, not so great. The desert was ok, but nothing to write home about. It would be best to go try the Winn, from what I hear that is the best buffet in vegas.

I went to the Saturday "gourmet" buffet, and there was nothing special nor gourmet about it...try somewhere else.

And if you are ever near San Diego, go to the Pala Buffet, that will be the best buffet you ever have!笑
My first buffet in Vegas (but certainly not the last). 

After waiting in line for just short of an hour,  the meal began with us piling leg upon leg of king crab onto our plates and heading straight for the  steaming vat of melted butter. Next was the beef wellington followed by shrimp, and shepherd's pie. I'm the kind of guy that puts vegetables on the plate just for color and to fill in any nooks or crannies on the plate as a sort of damn to prevent foods from mixing together. There is nothing worse than having your ravioli sauce mixing with the chicken wings. With their oval leaves, lettuce works well as an organic capsule to hold certain dishes.

After finishing dessert (the macaroons were nothing special) we were absolutely stuffed, making sure our meal was well worth the 90 dollar price tag. I would recommend this buffet if you have lots of room and want to enjoy nice legs (crab legs that is, you can get the other kind at a different place in Vegas).笑
My husband and kids love to come here every once in a while because I think it is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. You definitely can't go wrong with the champagne brunch. 

I haven't tried everything they have to offer because I can never eat that much food. Buffets are usually a waste of money for me because I can't eat that much. 

The food that I have tried has been great though. The breakfast like the scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French toast, and pancakes are all delicious. The desserts are also fantastic! I tried a few bites of my husbands prime rib which wasn't the best I've tried. I also tried some of his polenta which had an awesome flavor! It tasted like they cooked it in chicken broth. I couldn't stop eating it. The champagne was a bit harsh for me but I think because it is a cheap champagne, lol. The sushi is really yummy too but they only have two rolls to choose from California rolls and vegetable rolls. The crab legs were pretty good as well but they are chilled and I like mine hot. 

Overall, a great buffet if you want to wait in the huge lineup. There is always a two hour wait when we go there. Definitely try it out though!笑
We were underwhelmed by the Bellagio Buffet.  We chose the dinner buffet. Some good things: The lamb was excellent, the lobster pasta was as well. The not so good: There is a limited variety of food choices. Besides our server Cynthia, the service was terrible.  The maitre d' was rude as was the cashier, making a long wait in line worse than it needs to be. We probably wouldn't go again.笑
I always love Bellagio but I never eat buffet here
Today is the first time I had a great experience great  service I love it!

Happy  happy笑
Pretty much what I expected.  Good service, good food, and CRAB LEGS!

Went late afternoon, just before dinner rush at around 5:15 pm on a Monday. No waiting at all, just able to go right in.

Seats were comfortable, area was easy to maneuver around and find what I wanted.

Seafood was fantastic, and mostly what I focused on for my meal.  The crab legs were good and there was a constant stream of them coming out from the kitchen, so there was never a shortage that anyone had to wait for.  The sushi was very good, and very fresh. I had Salmon and Tuna, did not try any of the rolls that they had.  Also in the seafood area, there was an excellent smoked trout. Really, it was the best part of the buffet for me.

Desserts looked fabulous, but I had no room left after several plates of crab legs!

Waitress was quick and efficient and friendly. My iced tea glass was never less than half full.

Very happy with the buffet. Would love to give it five stars, but there was really nothing to make it stick out from the rest of the vegas buffets. Very good meal, not outstanding.笑
What a big disappointment. The price tag is big here as it should be at the Bellagio but things have really gone down hill here. I've heard this place is good and there are many choices but I couldn't fill up on anything decent and ended up filling up on lame pizza which I could have had anywhere for a lot cheaper. 

There weren't a lot of choices and the things that were available didn't taste great. I am so disappointed in this place. Everything at this property should be above average and when you're paying over $50 per person for a buffet it should be memorable. I wish I never went and spent my money elsewhere.笑
Okay, so it's not a bad buffet. The people were nice enough, and the selection is what you would expect at a decent buffet. It gets knocked because compared to some of the other buffets in Vegas, it's just not worth it. Would prefer a better alternative to standing and waiting while they warm up crab legs one customer at a time. The rest of the food was just alright. Probably won't be going back.笑
This was the most over priced buffet I've eaten in a long time. The Indian casino's in the Inland Empire are better then this. The selection is good but the quality stinks. 

I thought this was nothing but wasted calories, and to a huge eater that's a sin.笑
ew ew ew...what happened to this place?  It used to be one of the better buffets in Vegas.

Came in for lunch buffet on a friday to very minimal selections.  Your basic brunch items were available (bacon, eggs florentine, scramble eggs) nothing exciting.   The carving station offered grilled flank steak, ribs, and chicken.  Flank steak was good, but ribs and chicken was dry.

The asian station was also very limited, 2 veggie dishes, "chow main", fried rice, and an unusual take on Chicken Biryani.  The biryani was very gravy-ish...not quite the biryani I'm used to.

Flavor-wise, there wasn't anything that stood out that would justify the long wait or the $20 price tag for lunch.笑
For a 25 min. wait and $31 bucks, I was underwhelmed. Maybe if I liked Crab legs I would have felt I got my moneys worth, but for someone small and slightly picky who doesn't eat a ton in one sitting, this isn't worth it. The food selection seemed a bit random... there were tons of choices, but no real continuity. 

My other issue was the service. I know it's a buffet, but I felt like because we were two 20-something females, the server didn't really give us the time of day. We had to wait forever to get drinks, never got water refills, and it took forever to get her to come over as ask if we wanted coffee. The tables around us, which were filled with older couples, were constantly getting drink refills, plates cleared, etc.笑
Best buffett in LV hands down. If you're in LV you have to do the buffett. It's just under $40 for dinner but it's worth it. I had all kinds of different meats and seafood. The gf had crab legs and shrimp like always. The desserts were amazing. I was so full I couldn't really move. The fruit section could have been a little better but I was there near closing time. The service is really good. What else do you expect from The Bellagio. Don't be cheap, go here.笑
Meh.  We waited in line for about an hour for a pretty average Vegas buffet, despite its inclusion on most "Best of" lists for the category.  Nothing was particularly special or delicious, the selection wasn't outrageous, and they weren't able to keep up with demand on many items, causing long lines.  Our server couldn't be bothered to check on us more often than every twenty minutes or so, and dirty dishes piled up on our table frequently.  The decor was nothing special.  And to top it all off, this was supposed to be a more special menu offering than normal; they were charging $100 for two, since they stretched "Mother's Day" pricing out over three days.  Really a disappointment.  I don't know if this used to be good, but it's extremely average now, even at the "normal" $30 price point for dinner.  With all the options in Vegas, Buffet and otherwise, I won't be back.笑
The BEST tasting full flavored Kobe Beef anywhere in Las Vegas!笑
This buffet is over hyped and over priced. First the number of food stations are less than Golden Corral. From the reviews I was expecting a big spread. Secondly, smell of the crab legs was unbearable. Smelled as though the seafood had been left out in the sun. Lastly, this buffet is not unique at all. If you been to one Vegas buffet, you been to all.笑
4 stars indeed! Went on a Saturday around 3PM? It was still lunch time so the cost was only $25. Dinner starts @4PM btw. Expect to wait in line for at least 1/2 an hr here...yes, there will always be a line no matter what time you go.

Food: I didn't try the crab legs but I heard it was just alright. I got lots of sushi though! I ate the fish and thew away the rice. Some weird arse sticky rice they used for sushi! I didn't try their steak but that's because they made it too bloody so I passed on that. Got the bbq lamb thingy, that wasn't too bad. I like their pastas, but not so much for their pizza, yuck! Their desserts suck, esp the cheesecake & cream puff. 18% gratuity for 8+! Good thing we only had 7. YAY.笑
I am not a buffet person because I have a small stomach and can't eat much. I choose quality over quantity but since I was in Vegas and didn't know what to eat, I decided to give a try.

Came here on the day after labor day and didn't expect that we still have to get in line and wait for about 30 mins to be seated. 

I had Wynn Buffet the day before and I came here with HIGH exceptions but truly disappointed.

-1 we were being seated nearby the buffet entrance, which means, people standing in line were watching us the WHOLE TIME during eating, giving us a lot of pressure and it was def unpleasant. The restaurant was pretty packed on a Tuesday night and tables were so close to each others. This totally made me feel like we were dining at a hometown buffet; loud, crowded, and poor food quality.

-1 I thought buffet at Bellagio would be same level (or higher) than Wynn's, since I have done my homework, reading all the reviews on Yelp before deciding to go to Bellagio. I was wrong! Food was not good at all, prime rib was so so, and the Kobe beef steak they offered was so dry and it tastes like jerky. Sushi looks bad, I didn't even bother to try it. The tuna they offered don't look fresh to me, ahi poke looked like it has been in the fridge for at least few days. Chinese section offered some panda express style Chinese food, bleh, who wants to eat that? I tried the chow mein and it was so salty n spicy (tasted like they put tons of chili sauce to stir fried it) Cheese tasted like some cheapies from supermarket, soup tasted like canned soup. The only good tasty thing I ate throughout the whole night was the asparagus. 

-1 I gave one last try in the dessert, blah - not good, nothing special to write about. No decent dessert like Wynn.The cream brulee is prob the WORST I've ever tasted. They didn't put enough sugar onto the custard and didn't caramelize it under a broilerI So it wasn't really a cream brulee, more like an egg custard with some caramel sauce floating in it. 

+ 1 service was great! The only plus of the night was our waiter. He was very attentive and friendly. He came back very often to clean out plates and refill our drinks. We had two cokes and at the end of our meal he came by again to ask if we want coffee or tea. When he saw my bf reached into his pocket for his wallet he even told us not to rush and take our time to finish our food and coffee. 

I really don't understand the hype about this buffet. What's so great about it? I don't even think I will come back at all paying $30 per person for something like this, NEVER!笑
I would say that Bellagio buffet is ok. I thought with all the meticulous flowers and beautiful casino they would have rival Caesar buffet. But no. The brunch weekend we had was not so great. The crab was watery and stuck to shell. I wanted to give try since I have been to all others but this one disappoint.笑
My wife and I ate here about 3-4 years ago, while staying at the Bellagio. The food was tasty but typical for a Las Vegas Buffet. The highlight was definitely the Snow Crab Legs, but you have to act fast otherwise a line forms quickly!笑
To start, I don't enjoy one star reviews too often but I really can't sum this place up any better than a huge disappointment. My girlfriend and I did a lot of research on places to eat and such and this buffet was rated "the best" or "top of the line."  To start, they mentioned it was going to be 32.99 and come to the place and it was 42 per person (not the end of the world) let's continue.  There were roughly 5 parties of people in front of us. Few families and couples.  We stood there (didn't move in line) for not a joke, 50 minutes. Right in front of us in line were tables, two of which were vacant and dirty from the previous parties for roughly 25 minutes before someone said something. ALSO, there was about 9-10 groups of people who left while we waited in line.  Again, some things are worth the wait, let's get to the food.  The food was very disappointing.  Some food looked old, the pizza alone looked like dominoes. The crap legs were very stringy and cold. I don't know about you but I enjoy them freshly hot and steamed AND with butter, which when I asked about the butter, I was told "yea guess we don't have any."  Do yourself a favor and head over to the Paris buffet or the Caesars Buffet. Paris is a bit cheaper than Caesars however, both are very good.笑
Not worth the $49 entrance fee. The crab legs were frozen, the crawfish were brown (dead before they cooked them I imagine), and the sushi was lacking in creativity. The meats were pretty good... but I wouldn't come here again.笑
What a waste of money. They are ripping the tourist off here. You can go to any off strip buffett for half the price and it is way better. I will never ever step foot here again. Sunday brunch price, with no seafood except cocktail shrimp and fish. ***No crab legs*** the taste of the food was so mediocre. The server was nice and that's it. I have no idea what people have raved about with this buffett.笑
I would have to say this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas. The food is all gourmet. The wait can be a bit long at times would be the only downfall.笑
I went to Las Vegas with my boyfriend at Christmas. We were very excited to have the full Vegas experience, including a Las Vegas Buffet. After researching the buffets in the areas, we settled on the buffet at the Bellagio. 
The line was around the corner and crazy but it was Christmas so I was willing to wait for a good Christmas Dinner. 

We waited in line for three hours and paid $40 a person. The food was ok. There were crab legs and prime ribs, both of which we pretty mediocre. I wasn't impressed overall, especially after the wait. 

The reason I give this buffet only one star is based on their level of customer service. I waited in the line for beef, prime rib or turkey. When I got up to the server, I was trying to decide and turned to ask my boyfriend what he thought I should get. The server started yelling at me. He said, "Hello. What do you want? Hello!" He spoke to me like I was taking forever and the conversation maybe took 10 seconds and there was no one in line behind me and my boyfriend. I was so shocked by what happened. I'm pretty quiet and not used to being treated that way. I chose quickly because I was confused. When I chose, he served me and rolled his eyes. Sheesh! So much for the Christmas Spirit! 

This was ridiculous! I had waited for 3 hours in line on Christmas and paid $80. As a paying customer, I have never had anyone treat me this way.

 I asked to speak to the manager who was very receptive but distracted. He heard my complaint and went to the back of the restaurant (to talk to the employee?). He came back about 20 minutes later and apologized. He blamed the problem on the employees being "union workers" and offered to comp our meal. I appreciated that he dealt with the situation but I did not want a free meal. I really just wanted an apology from the person who yelled at me. I wanted to know that he was aware that his customer service skills were not acceptable. I wanted him to realize that with the state of our economy, he was lucky to be working in one of the top hotels in Vegas. I just wanted him to think about the incident and not brush it off as an unreasonable customer. The manager assured me that the situation was being "handled". In talking to our waiter, he mentioned that this was a common problem. 

Overall, besides this incident, I would say that the food was very mediocre at best. It was definitely not worth the 3 hour wait and if a friend asked me for a recommendation, I would promote another place.笑
Scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, smoked salmon, smoked trout, dragonfruit, sausage gravy and biscuits, prime rib, steak, potatoes lyonais, melon, strawberries, oatmeal with caramelized peaches and pecans, jook with shredded pork, waffle, bacon, sausage, cheese, bread, strawberry tart, chocolate cake.

Those are all the things I had for ONE breakfast at the Bellagio buffet. Heavenly five stars.笑
So my second time in LV and i had never been to a buffet. I love food and I tend to not have very good self control so I steer clear from places like that. You know the kid in the candy store expression? Sadly that's me when I see food. Here is an example: I can eat pizza 24/7 if it is standing in front of me. I can tolerate the pain it gives me. So I was a bit nervous as there was so much potential for my ass to grow. But I figured when in it Rome, screw it and stuff your face, you are on vacation. Well I am ashamed to say that in 4 days, I went to 3 buffets. See? Zero self control. 

This buffet was suggested by trip advisor as top 5 buffets on the strip. It was second following Caesar's and third was the Wynn one. 

We went in and was told that the wait time was going to be bad. It wasn't all that awful. If you are like me and love people watching (and occasionally judging) then there was plenty of things to see and watch while waiting in line. We anticipated 1 hr and we were in within 30 mins. 

You sit down and the servers come and get your drink order. Then u go and pick your food and thats where all your troubles begin. HOLLY CHOICES! There were 5 kinds of salmon, cooked in all sorts of ways. Calamari salads, pasta, pizza, veggies, mussels, shrimp, beef, chicken, ribs, sushi, chinese food, breakfast food, all types of bread, a whole section with fruit and another one with desserts. There wasnt anything that I tried that I didnt like. I went absolutely crazy on seafood and fruit that I couldnt even make it to the pizza section. I was beyond stuffed. Therefore I became the healthiest eater in buffet history. Only fish and fruit. Hey I am ok with that.
The only reason I deducted a star was because a few of the foods were cold. Otherwise, that place was every eater's paradise. Props to bellagio for even keeping up with the abundance food and people.笑
JUST AWFUL.

Seriously awful. As far as people go, they gross me out everywhere and this isn't the Bellagios fault that people dip their fingers in the mashed potatoes and then lick them clean on the way to the next food.

Anyways, as far as the restaurant goes.. 

-it's dark and dingy feeling.
-the options all around were sparse.
- seafood tasted old and not close to being fresh; my wife and I eat sushi regularly and what we tasted that night wasn't sushi I don't believe, one piece was all We were brave enough to put down.
-I tried resulting to waffles and pancakes but those were dried out and crusty. They would've been better used for as a hockey puck.

Save your $35 per person and take your wife/girlfriend to Raos!笑
My friend was in Vegas one weekend when he uploaded a picture of the buffet from here, and I knew I HAD to come the next time I was in LV. I was reading reviews and someone said to come right before dinner time so you pay for lunch price but eat the dinner. They were right. The only problem is you should come about 45 minutes before the dinner starts cause the wait in line is going to be that long. Since it was a buffet, I knew I'd be bloated so I wore a skirt and loose top to hide my food baby. (=笑
Amazing selection, quite tasty (but generally not quite delicious) food.  Fish was nicely cooked, and sushi was reasonably fresh.  Pastas seemed a bit warmed over, and the desserts were uniformly too sweet for my taste.

Still, though, with at least a handful of standouts (smoked salmon!  shrimp cocktail!, surprisingly tasty pizza!)... you're likely to get your money's worth if you're at all hungry, especially if you're impressed by the insane variety of foods like I was.

I actually went twice... once Thursday night at 9:30pm for a late dinner ($29.95), and then again Saturday at about 2:30pm for "brunch" ($23.95, if I remember correctly).

'twas no line at all on Thursday, and I feel that the food was of better quality than on Saturday for some reason.  On Saturday, I learned that pretty much all non-alcoholic drinks were included in the buffet price, including a fab fresh-squeezed and bottomless orange juice; not sure if that's true also for the dinners as well.

All in all, I'd recommend at least one trip to this buffet to all Vegas-goers, though next time I think I'll stick to fixed-portion very-high-quality meals for the sanity of my waistline and energy levels (I felt kinda like a slug for the rest of the day after stuffing myself on Saturday!)笑
Out of all the buffets in Vegas, I chose this one because I read online that it is one of the better quality ones.  (The ones at the Wynn & Caesar's Palace seemed to get high marks too.)  I went here for dinner the day after Christmas, so they had holiday prices of $47.99/person...pretty steep, but so be it.  I believe the usual dinner price is $32.  What was really outrageous is that it was a 2 hour, 10 minute wait to get a table and that line moved extremely slowly!  If I had known that the wait was that long, I wouldn't have done it.  I've never in my life waited that long to eat a meal!  It was rather miserable & I hadn't eaten all day.  They actually gave people the option of paying $20 to go in the front of the line, like how they have the flash passes for the rides at amusement parks.  It was probably worth paying, but I didn't do it.

As far as the food itself, the selection was pretty good.  There's several things I'd never eat & I didn't really try them now.  But there were almost as many foods I did like, such as the pesto mashed potatoes (very tasty!), the gnocchi, shrimp cocktail, cold calamari salad, sushi, turkey, and cornbread stuffing.  Overall, I think the quality of the food is great!  This is the buffet with the crab legs that are split in half.  I didn't try them, but my boyfriend did.  He thought they were OK.  He didn't know they were chilled and they weren't as large as he thought.  There was hot melted butter to go with them, but combined with the chilled legs, it gave them a lukewarm/funny temperature.  Many people were eating piles of them.

The interior was very nice & elegant...after all, it is the Bellagio.  The waiter was very nice.  With all those thousands of diners, the employees there worked their heads off!笑
I stopped by here two Sundays ago for dinner with 6 of my friends.  Many of us have eaten at the Bellagio buffet in the past and before the trip I think I would have called it my favorite buffet on the strip.  The selections on this buffet were the normal good stuff with peppercorn crusted steak, king crab legs, crab claws, whole roasted pig and others.  Sadly they didn't have any beef Wellington on this evening which was one of my favorite things here in the past.  My first trip up consisted mostly of steak and other meats and I really enjoyed it.  Then my second trip up I went for both the crab legs and crab claws.  Upon getting back to my seat i found the king crab legs to be somewhat frozen (aka you would get some ice in the bites but they were edible) and the crab claws were completely frozen.  So I asked to speak to a manager and told him my concerns.  I was polite and wasn't asking for a handout and he told me that sometimes the claws on the other side of the buffet were better and he would get me some.  Fair enough.  So I headed back to my seat and a minute of two later he came back with some claws.  I touched one and felt the iciness of it and told him they were frozen.  He proceeded to crack a claw, water going everywhere including on his suit, and told me they weren't frozen.  I looked into the claw to see a slushy mixture that was clearly still half frozen.  What could I do though - get in a pissing match with the manager?  So he ended up leaving without a resolution and the crab claws would all get taken away without any being eaten.

The bottom line for me is that I don't think I will be heading back to this buffet.  While our server was good, the buffet seems to have lost some of its luster and I wasn't a fan of the manager.笑
Oh Bellagio, you always did me right. You were my first and I never thought you'd let me down. But you have and in a b.i.g. way. It's like your first love, you believe everything they say and think they'll always be there for you. But then they disappoint you like you've never been disappointed before. And things will never be the same again..........alright, the review. 

I'm not a hard reviewer, I always give the benefit of the doubt. I try to find the silver lining. But when you deceive me........with Bellagio it first started with deception. We went Dec. 29, 2015. Beforehand, we checked pricing on the website. It looked legit, brunch $23.99, dinner $34.99. We headed out the door for brunch, 3 adults, 3 kids. We did our usual wait in line for at least an hour. We go to pay and were charged $36.99 for brunch! No discount for the 8 or 12 year olds. They were charged ADULT prices. The 8 year old ate a waffle and a strip of bacon. Total 'brunch' price for 6 people $240!!

Okay, just to give you a comparison, we went to The Wicked Spoon on Christmas. ALL of the kids were $15.99, adults $44. And this is on CHRISTMAS! At Bellagio, we asked why the price was so high. It seems that sneaky ole' Bellagio is charging 'holiday pricing' for TWO SOLID WEEKS!. How convenient that they didn't update their website to reflect these ridiculous prices. By the time we realized this, the kids are starving and there's no turning back. 

They attempted to seat us at a table for four. We politely declined. If i'm going to pay holiday prices on Dec. 29th, I want to at least be comfortable. We finally get seated properly and we're anxious to enjoy some good food. Let me just say, yuck, yuck, yuck. I've paid $7.99 at Golden Corral and have had similar selection that tasted BETTER. The only redeeming quality they had was the crab legs. They were big and full of delicious meat. And that my folks is where the joy ended. 

If I had liked the food, it wouldn't have mattered. Why? Because they weren't replenishing any of the bars in a timely manner. Four of the six pizza's at the pizza station were empty for the entire time we were there. This was the theme over and over again. Out of roast pork buns, out of turkey at the carving station, etc. 

Even the wait staff is disappointed in Bellagio, pointing to the fact that the quality has gone downhill while the prices continue to climb. And their wages don't budge. You could feel the unhappiness frothing in their eyes. And this my friends = lack of love for the customer. Moral sucks and it's evident. I felt bad for them because after overpaying deceptive prices, I don't want to overtip, that's for sure. Unless they do a major overhaul, we will never, ever return here again.

Do yourselves a favor, enjoy the delicious food and reasonable prices at The Wicked Spoon. Oh, and their wait staff was happy and appreciated. We went home and wrote a good review for our waitress, who in turn will get a monetary compensation. This is how you run a good business. No, I'm not getting perks and I don't work for them. I'm a customer who can tell the difference in quality between these establishments. And we will be trying several other buffets while here. So far, Bellagio is on the very bottom of our list. Bellagio, I'm leaving you for another love. www.rvlostyet.com笑
I did my research on yelp on vegas buffets prior to arrival.  Since I stayed at the MGM, I thought I'd give The Buffet at Bellagio a try.  

i went on a tuesday, no wait.  went in at 3pm for the lunch price like what the other yelpers suggested to do, and ate lunch and dinner food.  The only difference between lunch and dinner was that they offered sashimi and instead of flank steak, they had prime ribs.  Big whoop.  

Most of the yelpers said it's one of the best buffets in Vegas.  After I started eating for a while, I wondered if I actually went into the right hotel....  To think that Bellagio is one of the bigger and nicer hotels and yet they fail to even make sushi, wow that sucks.  Their super generic sushi is even worse than ones at Safeway.  Heck, even my friends can make better sushi than that!! 

The flank steak was chewy as heck.  the leg of lamb tasted more like duck.  I only went to this buffet a few days ago, and I can't even remember what I ate because nothing stood out!!! 

I guess i have to try all the other shitty buffets in vegas before I'll appreciate the wonders of the buffet at bellagio.  until then it's still 2 stars in my book.笑
honestly, i'm not really a buffet fan since all you-can-eat places are really a loss for people like me who can be totally satisfied by one humble plate of food. however, fiance and i went here with cousin and her family and had a great time. it was sunday champagne brunch and we got there early enough to avoid the ridiculously long lines. its all you can drink champagne so if you're thing is to gorge on alcohol and prime rib at 10am, this is definitely the place to go! bellagio's buffet specializes in breadth rather than focus. lots and lots of options but none of the specific dishes really stands out to me as amazing. 

i started with a breakfast course and was really unimpressed with the eggs benedict - the english muffins tasted stale and the hollandaise was bland. also, there were no hash browns to be found! however, the cheese blintzes, french toast and waffles were all tasty especially when topped with their sweet berry sauces.

i then moved on to a sushi course as the bar had just started to open. the seaweed salad wasn't bad and they actually had a great selection of veggie roles. next, i had the typical buffet plate of mashed potatoes, veggies and prime rib. the potatoes were pretty good - dense but creamy. unfortunately, the prime rib was way too bloody and rare. i should have asked for the end cut or had the chef at the carving station sear it a bit longer on the grill. 

all in all, as far as buffets in vegas go, its definitely a winner. great ambience and free-flowing alcohol.笑
Been here for the lunch buffet a couple times.  I am not a brunch/buffet person so I just think any brunch or buffet is just so-so, no matter how pricey or great everyone else seems to think it is.  Something about all that food just sitting there and too many selections is overwhelming to me.  They definitely make bank on me-I struggle to pick at maybe 2 plates of picked at food.  The prime rib, corn chowder, and lox that was out  was actually pretty good. I did eat that! :)  The chinese food is terrible tho-don't even bother.笑
On the 5th day into my week long Vegas vacation, my luck at the card tables took a turn for the worse which continued until the 6th day. In order to mitigate the status of my hemorraghing wallet, I decided to try the Buffet at the Bellagio.

 Now, let me preface it by saying that I am NOT the biggest fan of buffets because it's usually all about quantity and not quality. However, this particular buffet was surprisingly good, especially the breakfast/brunch selection. My favorite dish was the made-to-order omelette. I was mostly impressed by the overall freshness of all the food. None of it tasted like it had been sitting out for hours and the variety of food offered was dizzying. At $16 per person for the breakfast/brunch, I thought this buffet was a bargain for a Vegas Strip eatery.

The dinner buffet, on the other hand, wasn't quite as good as the morning service, thus losing a star. The sushi, altough fresh, didn't taste very good, and some of their Chinese food were meh.笑
Long ass wait for $77 for two. The food was disgusting and cold. My ribs look like fried pig fat. Disgusting. Service is terrible. Way overpriced for a cheap ass buffet.笑
i went here over memorial day weekend, and all i can think about is going back. for a holiday weekend, lunch was $30.95 as opposed to the regular $20.95 i believe. still cheaper than what we were charged at wynn. 

i was thoroughly surprised by bellagio because i've heard mixed reviews from friends. i think this buffet rivals rio as my favorite...mMm good selection of food! their pasta is actually GOOD, not just a pan full of generic, unflavored sauce and noodles. lobster ravioli..mMm!! 

also, the crab legs weren't as great as the ones i've had at the wynn..i DO like that they cut it open for you so you're not picking and snapping at it, but the crab meat just wasn't sweet as i'd like. oh and the bacon! hahah who goes to buffets and gets bacon? yes, i do. such delicious, crispy bacon. i wish i could have a side of bacon with all my meals. 

also, like the advice of the others, going around 3-4 is the best because you get dinner selections for lunch prices! the kebabs were delicious and smelled sooo good..my mouth watered watching the cooks grill them. i usually don't like prime rib, but i loved the prime rib here -- although their au jus that day was SUPER SALTY. =( also, don't skip out on the chicken noodle soup --- it's good! big egg noodles, big chunks of chicken...not your average campbell's soup. 

and dessert of course!  the fruits were fresh and you could see them cutting it right then and there! there's a machine with peach and raspberry sorbet -- it's so creamy and a bit tart. i couldn't stop eating the chocolate/white choco covered strawberries, and the creme brulee! i usually only eat the top, crispy burnt part of the creme brulee, but this custard was actually good! 

this was definitely worth the wait and i left stuffed and satisfied!笑
We've been waiting in line for over an hour. A party of about 50 people with "line passes" have cut the entire line. No employees have given us any information as to how much longer the wait will be or when we will be seated. There's zero communication between the employees and the patrons standing in line waiting. We got here at 6:45pm because we have tickets to a 9:30pm show. It's 8pm now and we still haven't been seated. This is pretty ridiculous and disappointing. We've been looking forward to eating here.笑
Delicious! I highly recommend this buffet! Everything is cooked very well. I will definitely be back.笑
Its true when folks say this is best buffet in Vegas. Now i did not go to all other buffets, but its quite good. Just taste the meat and you will know - the meat is like in a nice steakhouse. Great sushit selection and also was nice selection of fish, all of an impecable quality. Search no further for Vegas buffets.笑
The first time I came to this buffet was probably in 2002. My parents took me here so all I remember was that I was complaining about standing in what seemed to be a long line. Being it was my first "pricey" buffet I also have memories of stuffing myself silly with crab and shrimp cocktail. Everything was pretty decent. 

However, now a days I try not to over stuff myself so I'm not sure I would go again for that reason only. I'd probably opt fo the buffets at Mandalay Bay or Paris before this one.笑
This is where I want to go after I die. Specifically, I'd like to be wedged between the omelet bar and the pesto mashed potato station. If you've done the previous night up right, you will not want to pop for the champagne brunch and instead should just pay the $26 for the alcohol-free buffet. A fellow in my group went for it and ended up drinking about a sip and eating half a plate of watermelon. Which means he missed out on one of the better experiences of my life. I hit that bitch a record FOUR times. My inner fat kid cried with joy whilst stuffing her face with pesto mash. Seriously. Try it. You'll never go back.笑
Really going downhill.  The prime rib is tough and unedible.  Dessert is ordinary.  The lady making creps is, well, a rude creep.  Only good items are sushi and osso bucco.  Trying different buffets from now on.  There are better options now, especially given the wait.笑
This was what I expected.  At the better end of Vegas buffet offerings.  Good variety: I had some crab legs, some curry duck, some pasta, some fish, some sushi, some kobe steak, and some flam for dessert.  I'm sure I had other stuff, but I understandably do not remember it all :)  The food was mostly on target--nothing was soggy or gross.  But buffets are buffets, so don't expect bursting flavor or delicate textures.  

I did NOT appreciate the Kobe, which was really as tough as leather.  I've never had GOOD Kobe, but I'm pretty sure that's not how Kobe is supposed to be, judging by what I see on the Travel Channel.  Granted, this is Kobe at a $30 buffet, so *shrug*.  

I'm also giving an extra star for the wonderful service we got from our server, EZ.  She was sweet and funny, and very attentive.  Go Bellagio for having a great buffet and a hotel that does NOT smell funny.笑
Went here on my first night at the Bellagio while in Vegas.

First off I got sick off the food, so strike 1. Think it was the shrimp or the kobe prime rib.

The buffet is expensive for average food. Yes they have everything under the sun, but there are better buffets in Vegas. Try the Cosmo for breakfast, it was amazing!

Back to the food, it's your average fair of food with Kobe Prime Rib and crab legs, but you can get this stuff anywhere.

You will have to wait in line, lucky we got in the middle line that let us bypass everyone else even though we weren't gold members.

It was OK, wasn't very impressed with The Buffet at all compared to the rest of the hotel and it's high standards.笑
Pricey We rolled 12 deep to this Buffet . And since it was Labor Day  Weekend they were Charging Holiday prices $43.19 Per Person LOL.
This buffet has it all -Crab,Prime Rib ,Roast duck ,Rack Of Lamb ,Maryland Crab Cakes and Too many to name Entrees. They also have a full Dessert Station with Creme Brulee,Tiramisu,Flan and too many to name Pastries. If your a Buffet Lover this is one to check out.笑
Very sub par food and was very disappointed. Waitress was very friendly so we tipped her but other that this place was not worth it.笑
Buffets are generally not that good.... the food is mass produced and generally just isn't super tasty. This buffet is no exception... it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I would say the best items were the ribs, the mashed potatoes, and the sliders... all fairly decent. The asian selections were all not very good. The desserts weren't anything special either. 


PS I had my buffet was free from using MyVegas, so I can't complain about that!笑
Not impressed with the breakfast. The food was not fresh, tasted frozen. Presentation of the food was plain and poor. Reminds me of an upscale cafeteria. Most of the staff don't speak English and are not friendly or helpful. I asked one of the cook if he could warm up my french toast because it was cold and he replied, "we don't have a microwave." The cook at the egg station was extremely pushy and rude. Eggs are runny, french toast/ pancakes are dry and cold, sausage and bacon was greasy and not throughly cooked, fruit was mushy. The deserts were ok. It was not worth $15! My suggestion is to try M hotel in Henderson.笑
Multiple people told me this was one of the better buffets, but it seemed about the same as all the other buffets we ate at (Excalibur, MGM, Luxor, Mirage, Aria).  The pastas were delicious and their desserts were fresh and not dried out (which was not the case at most other places), but otherwise the food was just average.  I liked that the desserts were small bites so you could try a variety without wasting food.  I was disappointed by their lack of vegetables.笑
Good buffet.  Go for a late lunch and you'll be able to eat dinner for the cost of lunch.  When they changeover to dinner they don't kick you out.  I still prefer the Wynn buffet.笑
Ugh, the food was disappointing and disgusting. The variety was lacking and the main food was bland. The desserts looked impressive but were such poor quality that it was all I could do to keep from spitting it out! My friend felt the same way. Save yourself the time in line and go to Jean Philippe Patisserie if you want to eat in the Bellagio.笑
i went on a monday when there were not too many people for lunch. the price is decent, only $20. now the buffets are expensive in vegas. we got seated right away. the food is good and has a wide variety of selections. the service was prompt on the drinks and taking the used plates. they allow people to dine for 2 hours which is more than enough i think but i guess some people go for lunch and dinner to be cheap. overall a nice place to go for a variety of food if you dont want to just order and eat one thing.笑
Worth the long wait! Very friendly wait staff. The environment was more like a cafeteria setting which was disappointing after the hour plus wait. Crab legs were fresh, sushi was extremely fresh and better than most buffets, plentiful and delicious desserts in perfect portion sizes for sampling, coffee was seriously the best coffee I've ever had and I consider myself a connoisseur. I enjoyed sampling many of the delicious Indian and Chinese and Japanese dishes. If I was more of a meat eater I would have been in heaven by all of the unique and unusual meats offered. Will definitely return however not on a holiday weekend. I think we must have waited in line about 90 minutes on a Friday night.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio
Wow way to go, this place never ceases to amaze me, with the killer attractions in and around the hotel I have seen many times but this was the first time I have eaten at the buffet. Supper selection of items to chose from, yes, yes you will find all of the typical on the strip casino buffet fair here even the décor is a bit like a café  (like so many others) but they really do a bang up job on quality and service, our waiter didn't flinch when I gave no tip when paying at the door, if anything it probably inspired him to earn his keep which he did I very well  might add. On to the food, OMG the Alaska crab legs were really fresh and not salty like so many other buffets I have faired in the past, soup, pasta, salads, veges, even Asian foods all were very good, but what I could not believe was the Sea Bass & Prime Rib both were the best I have ever had bar none and I have had more prime rib & sea bass than I care to talk about, in fact we had  two 9 year olds with us that B-lined for the prime rib and never stopped till they were full of Prime, I was laughing with everyone while I was eating my salad saying "Like what's up with the kids don't you feed them beef at home?" then I made it to the prime rib station got a small slice topped it with some gravy went to the table took a byte and had the best I have ever tasted, I mean this stuff was prime or better it practically melted in my mouth and the flavor was awesome, sea bass was basically the same, I really didn't want to eat that much but ended up being a pig and enjoyed every bite...
Been to Paris Buffet, Winn Buffet, & MGM none were as good...笑
This review is for their weekend dinner. I've been coming here for the past couple years, and I do appreciate the consistency that is provided here. It's no longer the must-try buffet on the Strip (e.g. Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's, Bally's Sterling Brunch) but I'm glad the quality here hasn't diminished significantly. Price for dinner was $43.99, which wasn't too bad compared to the higher end buffets I mentioned above.

Came here at 8pm on Saturday night and the line was still kind of long (it looked like a one hour wait). Luckily, I took advantage of the Mlife Pearl Status and got to skip the line. Quick tip: if you are staying at a M Life hotel, you can bill your meal to your room so that you can rack up Mlife tier credits.

The food was pretty good here. Their premium items were pretty good (e.g. prime rib, crab legs, shrimp cocktail). They also had lamb chops and a peppered hangar steak that were pretty darn good. The dessert that I especially enjoyed was the white chocolate cone (would definitely recommend that). 

This is still one of the better value buffets on the Strip. It doesn't have the flash, design, or variety of the Buffet at the Wynn or Bacchanal. But if you just want to have a good dinner buffet that doesn't break the bank, the Buffet at Bellagio is a pretty safe bet.笑
Food is wonderful!  But service isn't.  We requested a larger table since we had a party of 7. Nancy seated us to a table put together that consisted of a table of 4 and 2. That put 3 at each side and one at the end. We paid good money for dinner so we wanted to be at a comfortable table with room. When we asked to put another table for 2 onto our table Nancy said " we seat 7 here all the time and it fits". When we insisted,  she finally gave in with dirty looks, and I saw her mumble something as she walked away. Our server Miguel also seemed like he wasn't in a good mood, but at least he didn't argue with us.  I have been working in the restaurant industry for awhile and customer service has always been my number one priority. I'll visit Caesars Palace next time I'm in town笑
Mmmmm...Bellagio buffet.  

I have to admit, I have never eaten here for dinner because it's so pricey - but I do like it for lunch!

They have a wide spread of different things - everything from prime rib, salad, asian, mexican and seafood.  The one thing that is a bit annoying is popular stations such as the Sushi handrolls are crowded, and it's hard to get any at all.  You have to circle it like a vulture and pounce as soon as they put it out.

Dessert is one of my favorites.  I don't think they offer up any one outstanding dessert, but I like that there are a ton of choices.  I always jokingly say that I'm going to sample one of everything.  Alas, by the time I get to dessert, I can only eat one.  Oh well, there's always next time!笑
Waited in line for 100 minutes to get inside for mediocre food. Their "holiday menu" does not include chicken--how do you have a buffet without chicken?!? Food was cold and service was terrible. The buffet at the MGM was 10x better.笑
If I lived in Vegas, I would eat here for every meal and have a forklift carry me out every time. This is the most bang for buck buffet ever. It has amazing selection and the quality is up there. 

Tar tars and smoked salmon to start. Half-split crab legs and unpeeled jumbo schrimp to, well, continue starting because I'm eaiting for days. Skip all the pasta and bread, and get some Chilean Sea Bass, Prime Rib, Wellington. Repeat this a few times, then hit up dessert. There are so many different desserts that it can make a meal in itself if you just ate that. Some Creme Brule, Tarts, and Cakes and you'll be in heaven or you just feel bulemic as you search for the closest toilet.

This is by far the best 10,000 calorie meal your money can buy. Make sure you go between Mon-Thurs; you save like $8 for pratically the same food. If you feel guilty, just go clubbing that night and get hyphy/ dance it off/ "walk it out."笑
We came here based on all the previous praise from fellow Yelpers. It's a popular buffet, but the line went fast. After 25 minutes we were enjoying food from everywhere. Sushi, steak, pasta, mac and cheese (I have a special place in my heart reserved for it), salads, cheesecake and more. 

Unfortunately, we made it there for the last half hour of buffet time so the food wasn't as fresh as we were hoping, but overall, still delicious. (Be smarter than us and be there by 7:00.) Check out my photo of the lovely dessert shelves.笑
This buffet was great few years ago but it looked tired this time. Sushi was not even that good of a selection and it was just okay. Disappointed!笑
Hubby and I checked this place out a couple weeks ago and had a wonderful time! While the sever we started with wasn't great, the one that we ended with was perfectly fine. 

But more importantly, we found some great food here. My favorite was definitely the BBQ at the meat station. There were ribs and brisket. The tibs were huge and both items were tender and had great flavor! I never expect to find decent quality BBQ at any buffet. But they did an awesome job! The only downside - by the time I went back for seconds, no more ribs. 

While I think the desert station would profit from scooped ice cream instead of just soft serve, there were other treats that were quite impressive. My favorite was a mini waffle bowl with a layer of Nutella covered with rich white chocolate mousse!笑
I wouldn't say we are "professional Buffet eaters" but we might be close!  We chose The Bellagio Buffet on Saturday night.  It was very busy but the line went pretty fast.  The offerings were amazing, the food was good, and we tried things we never would have otherwise.  

Cavier on the buffet.....several varieties.  

Kobe beef too. 

Overall it was good, but not sure it was worth $200, still had to fetch everything ourselves!!笑
went here on the first i arrived in vegas.  and it was lunch time and went here. OMG the food is great. i loved it there.笑
Dinner :( very disappointed not enough to choose from..all food very salty..not impressed..will recommend Rio's buffet笑
It is one of my top 3 buffets...don't mind paying $50 for adult since food quality is outstanding. How many buffet do you know that serve real KOBE beef?   steam Sea Bass with sesame ginger sauce? Sturgeon?  


Only gripe I have is my 5 years old son (40 lbs) get charge as much as I do. They should be fair like charging half price like  Buchannal..
Bellagio charge children over 2 as adult. So I am reluctant to come often.笑
Me and a lagging friendgirl were just going to get Earl of Sandwich, to save some money and get something quick to eat... but my cousins and brother were in line for the Bellagio buffet and text bombed me to get my ass over there to spend some quality time.

I acquiesced, and it took another 30 minutes before we arrived at the buffet, to see a MASSIVE line.  En route, I had received a text that we were already paid for, so just go to the entrance and call them.  I felt pretty VIP status walking past probably 140 people, and having my friend greet me to walk us to our corner booth.

On to the food.  I got a few slices of duck, which was meh.  But the prime rib.  Oh my god, the prime rib was good.  I could've eaten a few more slices of that, finishing with dessert, and still felt the $40 buffet dinner was worth it.  I didn't feel any of the veggies I got were especially flavorful.

My second plate was my "fish plate."  Although as soon as I started eating, I realized I should've started with a soup, followed by fish, and then onto the red meats... but oh well, it's a buffet.

I was surprised with the selection of fish -- I had 4 kinds.  The first was seabass, and it was ok.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't get a second serving.  The 2nd was swordfish, which had a more solid texture, but the flavor left something to be desired.  The 3rd fish, I forget the name of, but the casino corn sauce or whatever its called was a surprising delight.  The last was halibut, which proved to be a major disappointment.  There was a gritty texture, and the flavor was non-existent.

I also had the mint sweet pea soup, but... well, it was "interesting."  One small spoonful was enough for me (well, plus a second just to reflect on the flavor).

My third plate (yea, I was weaksauce that day) was my dessert plate.  Everyone at the table exclaimed that I was a fatty, and that I better finish all that dessert.  Oh man, the dessert was what I was excited about as soon as I saw what was offered here.

The apricot mousse was flavorful.  A bit tart for my taste, but a lovely smooth texture.  They had chocolate covered strawberries too, but my friend jacked mine.  I liked the cream puff, which had a strawberry in it, but my friend thought the cream sucked.  The carrot cake was awesome.  Now, to be honest, I only got the carrot cake because this white dude swooped in to grab 3 plates of carrot cake as soon as they were put out.  And I was like "OH SHIT, THESE MUST BE GOOD!" to which he replied "YEA they are! they finally made some more!"

And it was indeed GOOD.  It was moist... had a cream cheese top layer... minced carrot... ah, I don't feel like reminiscing the experience because its making me hungry.

The fruit tart was also a "hit" for me.  The key lime tart was my final dessert, and i was pretty stuffed, so I couldn't finish it.  But it was tangy and good.  My second biggest disappointment was not scoring a creme brulee which my brother and cousin raved about (the pastry section was out at the time).  And my biggest was being c-blocked by my friendgirl.

I was on my way to get that 2nd fish plate, when this cute girl looked my way.  But she glanced past my shoulder to see my friendgirl, so she quickly averted her eyes and moved on.  I thought about approaching her after, but she was sitting at a table with a guy that may or may not have been her bf.  I pussied out, and focused my attention on the pitting stomach pain.

4 stars became 5 stars because I didn't have a bad experience in the toilet after.  And did I mention that prime rib was fatty and delicious?笑
If you are looking for an underwhelming, poorly presented, meal inappropriately priced, then this the place!笑
You have to go there, it is delicious, there is a line ok, but it is really yumm and you have so much choice !!!笑
Yum! We visited the buffet for lunch. It was perfect for our group. There was no line, the only time we waited was for them to get our table together. They had a good selection of food, I personally was happy. I could have eaten a lot more prime rib and ribs, but didn't. I agree with some of the other Yelpers though, I wish they had a little bigger selection on desserts. 0ur waitress was cool, she even brought two cheesecakes over with candles in them for our two friends who were celebrating their birthdays. I'll be sure to visit the Bellagio buffet again in the future.笑
ONLY HAD BREAKFAST HERE... but it was the best breakfast buffet in las vegas! most places have the same thing but they had this scrambled eggs w/ grits that was to die for!

cant wait to try the dinner!笑
It was not that good, my wife & me decided to go for dinner buffet, and after waiting 20 minutes to get a table . NOTE get a free MLIFE CARD to get access to special line that is faster. I already had the card & still took 20 min, the buffet has all the usual items, & sushi which was a plus , but we both felt bloated & lazy after eating very little food , after our 1st go around, salad sushi ect, then we started to think they were using msg or something to make you feel full & the food quality was not the bees knees either it was just ok.. Try Paris buffet before this & they have a CREPE STATION!! Best crepes I have ever had anywhere ever & of course all you can eat. I'll never ever go to this buffet again, which is a real bummer because I was so looking forward to it & BIG let down! Try Paris & or WYNN / ENCORE!笑
For $26/person I feasted on waffles, sausage, eggs, pancakes, feta-spinach pizza, sweet potato puree, a fabulously decadent green salad, and pasta. Hubby indulged in the sushi, prime rib, and pesto mashed potatoes.

Then had a ridiculous dessert platter of carrot cake, chocolate eclairs, fruit tarts, cream puffs, chocolate layer cake, and a bowl of vanilla ice cream with Butterfinger topping. 

Had to wait on line for 45 minutes, but I'd say we got our money's worth!  We certainly didn't need to eat again any time soon!笑
Georgina and Chim at the bar made our night! They were so hospitable and had great advice! We would go back to the buffet just to hang out with them again! We really enjoyed our evening and are so happy to have met them! Thank you for your excellent service and fantastic tips !!! The food was good, but a little over priced for what was offered; and we wished there was a bit more variety. Overall we had a great time, and what we did try was tasty.笑
Caviar servings were very heavily policed.  Behind a glass and the servers were very reluctant to give me more than a tiny spoonful.  I didn't want the blini and just wanted caviar.  King crab was good, but still had some ice crystals on them and wasn't completely defrosted.  I love crab, though and enjoyed it very much.  The unlimited alcohol for $10 is a good deal.  Can choose from bloody mary, margarita, champagne, but whatever you choose, you have to stick with.  Cannot change your drink mid-meal. 

Overall--wide selection of food.  Easy to navigate.  King crab.  Yum.笑
best buffet in the city. going to warn you all right now. its a little pricey but its worth it. the food here is nothing short of five star..go monday-thursday. i usually try to stay away during the weekends cause of the high amounts of LA people.笑
This is the best buffet I've ever experienced. So much food, and so little of a stomach to fill. All the amazing desserts, and many sugar-free. I can't describe how delicious everything was. I think it was worth the price to eat that many yummy things.笑
Best Buffet! Such a large selection! Only downside is the LINE for this place. But if you plan ahead, and get in line an hour before you want to be eating, you wont regret it!笑
Great variety and very good quality for a buffet - especially the dessert bar!  The service was very good, epecially considering we had a large party.笑
It was really good! We payed $40 for dinner, soft drinks included. Great choice of a good food笑
Came here on Friday night. After a long drive from San Diego we were starving.  There was no line which was great!

I have eaten here a couple years ago and remembered it was delicious. I was very disappointed this time around. The crab legs and cocktail shrimps were frozen cold. The fish was dry and had no flavor. I am a big desert fan and they did not have a great selection of choices.

The waitress who was serving us was very unprofessional.  She was cleaning the table next to us and was talking crap (very loudly) about the amount of tip the previous people left. I couldn't believe it! She not only did it once, but twice.  

I would not come back. Definitely not worth it.笑
This buffet is EPIC.  As far as buffets go in Vegas, you get what you pay for, and his one is up there.  The crab legs, the plump, delicious shrimp, the prime rib, the buffalo sirloin, oh man, I wish I was there now...  my only regret is that my stomach couldn't fit any more in笑
I wish if I can give two different star ratings for the food and the dessert.
I'd give 5 stars for the food and only 3 stars for the dessert.
Must-try food:
Alaskan King crab leg - this is the #1 reason my husband and I came here. We tried the same crab leg in Bacchanal buffet at Caesars Palace. Trust me, the Bellagio ones are bigger and much lumpier in meat. Also, the Bellagio's is COLD crab leg, while the Bacchanal's is WARM crab leg.
Prime rib - cooked medium well, just the right amount for the meat to stay tender and juicy. For the price rib, they serve 2 choices: regular beef prime rib and wagyu beef. To be honest, I like the regular prime rib. Can't even tell if the other one is wagyu because there's not enough marbling to convince me it's wagyu. 
Pork rib - Juicy and tender, with right amount of Asian sweetness
Ahi poke - right amount of heat, dip it in wasabi + soy sauce
Rock cod - melts in your mouth

Skipped food, so don't know how to judge:
All pizzas and pastas
All salad

As for the dessert, I was very disappointed. The desserts was lacking in selection and it lacks creativity. Mostly just small piece of tarts and tiramisu, boring old creme brulee, bread pudding, and flan. The only dessert that I truly enjoyed was the eclair. 
My husband told me they use to serve great selection of Gelato, but it was not available when we came during Christmas.
If you are crazy for desserts, do to Bacchanal Buffet. You will feel like in heaven.笑
I came here for Brunch on a Sunday morning.  Very good food, great selection, and a quick wait to get seated.  I really enjoyed the made to order omelettes and vast fruit selection.  Only gripe is that I would like to see a larger juice selection than just orange, but this is a great place.笑
We beat the holiday rush of prices paying $29.99 per person for dinner.  Surprisingly rated top 10 buffets in Las Vegas, it was nothing special.  Even the Wynn had ice sculptures and chocolatiers (from what I can remember).  The buffet was disappointing to say the least but a bit better than some other buffets that I've had.  

Food: Why are the crab legs always cold?  Can't they serve them hot for once?  I don't like to eat any seafood cold.  The desserts were probably the best but like any other mass produced food, the best was the creme brulee and the strawberry tart with vanilla pudding on the bottom.  The sushi was mediocre being laid out and people taking mass quantity at one time.  This is a buffet, leave some for the people in line won't ya?  The meats were okay but with all the people hoarding the food, the presentation lacked its luster.

Service:  We were fortunate to get chosen from the line with the number of people in our party (so avoided a 2 hour wait so we heard).  We ended up sitting at the bar area and the staff was very pleasant and nice.  

Layout: Like most buffets, they try to separate things however with the seafood and meats compacted in the same area, better to spread out the lines instead of cramming them through the sitting area.  I did not want to do any of those lines, so mostly salads, desserts, and italian for me.  There was not a lot of varied selection which I found surprising.  Even the rio carnival buffet had more I thought (haven't been there in years, so can't vouch now).

I wouldn't go back...definitely going to try the M studio buffet the next time.  Although further south of the strip, worth to try something new for that price.  I hear it even includes champagne/wine as part of your meal purchase.  Can't beat that!笑
Everything was amazing. Not even 5 min after my husband and I got in line, the bartender called us over and let us sit at the bar bypassing the huge line that would have taken at least one hour.笑
We went for dinner and waited over 45 min in line at 8:30 pm on a weekday. That's a long time to wait. 

I felt the food was not as fresh and hot as other breakfast lunch buffets we visited. The prime rib was cool and somewhat tough. The red potatoes were good. 

The thing I didn't like is- and this is personal- I hate the smell of fish and seafood and this buffet smelled like fish in every section cause of them having fish in some places. It was so gross.笑
Food lovers rejoice. Everything you want is here. It's the most expensive buffet in the galaxy but if you can throw down like me you can easily get your moneys worth. The service is very good and the cleanliness and quality of food ensures that you don't get the feeling like you're in a pig trough like you do at many low-end buffets. It's easily the best buffet I've ever been to.笑
Before our last trip to Vegas, the boyfriend and I saw that the Bellagio Buffet was featured on the Travel Channel as one of the top buffets in the nation. Needless to say, we were so intrigued by the images on TV that we made a stop at The Buffet while we were in Vegas. First off, I'm not too big on buffets anymore because I don't have a huge appetite anymore and I get full easily (I'm a tiny person), so I was put off by the $40 price for dinner. What caught my eye from the Travel Channel's show was the seafood and sushi part of The Buffet. I LOVE SEAFOOD, so the first things I put on my plate were the smoked salmon sashimi, hamachi sushi, and ahi and salmon Hawaii-style poke. I wasn't impressed by any of the fish, especially the poke. It was WAY too spicy and didn't taste anything like the authentic Hawaiian poke I know. The rest of the food was just okay. I was really impressed by how the desserts looked, though I'm not too much of a sweet-tooth anymore. I probably won't be eating here again because I don't think it's worth the $40, but at least I can say that I've eaten here. I actually liked the seafood more at Makino at the outlets.笑
Long wait lines + $35/person = Quality & excellent food, right? NOPE. Its just your average buffet restaurant, no different from outside $15-20 buffet. Sushi is terrible!!! There is nothing to be hyped about. So, this will be our first and last visit on this buffet. 

Service runners = outstanding (thumbs up)

The hotel is still gorgeous since they opened up back in the 90's.笑
My gf suggested we eat here because they have "better" food, which I suppose is implied by the higher price they charge for dinner. 

This is not the case. 

When you're in Vegas (or anywhere, really) you have to remember that a buffet is a buffet is a buffet. 

Sure, they've got Kobe (not really, we aren't in Japan) beef, lamb, sushi, Alaskan king crab legs, snow crab, flank steak, shrimp cocktail...

... but it all tastes like buffet quality food, which is a better way of saying they're mostly terrible. 

Do you know how difficult it must be to coordinate a meal big enough to feed hundreds, if not thousands, or people? Do you possibly think quality can be a factor in cooking these meals?

Where is the satisfaction in getting a thick slice of Kobe beef if it's so tough your knife can't get through it?

Like king crab legs? Then you'll hate them here, since they're all machine-cut, partially frozen, and it tastes like they've been sitting in a salt water bath for a week. 

I wouldn't even mess with the sushi. I'm very, very picky about my fish, and whatever they were serving here looked one step above the grocery store. 

Even the desserts were mediocre. 

If you want to eat well in Vegas, go look up a decent restaurant and drop the $70 you'd spend here there. This last (and I do mean LAST) buffet visit proved once and for all that no matter what they're serving or charging, nothing beats paying for freshly made food. It isn't worth cramming sub-par servings down your gullet just to justify the cost of what you paid to get in here. Unless you have no discerning tastes, or you're just a big fatty who loves to binge eat (hey, no judgment here... do your thing) then this just isn't the place to waste money in Vegas.笑
Two words: Pure Gluttony. But pure gluttony of deliciousness! No lie, I got off the plane, dropped my luggage at the hotel, and jumped to a cab here. I was not wasting any time. I arrived on a Wednesday at around 1:30pm, line was decent, no more than a 10 minute wait. The staff was really friendly and cordial. The selection was endless (even though I threw in the towel one plate in, FAIL). I can really go on for hours about the quality and presentation, but I'll save my time and just say- MUST GO!笑
This place was just ok for me.  I've ate at better buffets in Vegas.  The choices were plentiful, but what buffet in Vegas doesn't have a million different things to choose from?  The quality of the food was pretty bad.  They had crab legs, but all of them were frozen, meaning they were completely coated in ice.  It was like having a crab popsicle.  How can you stomach that?  At least let them thaw before you put them out!  The prime rib was so fatty.  It was like, do you want a side of prime rib to go with that blob of cow fat?  The sushi was mainly rice, the the paella kind of flavorless, there were hardly any salad choices and the ones that actually looked good were behind a glass wall so you had to ask for it. So not friendly!  The only good things were the sea bass and panna cotta.  I say skip this and go somewhere else like Mandalay Bay or Paris.笑
After waiting in line for 45 mins and paying over $75 for my wife and myself I was hoping to be impressed... Well I was not. This Buffet was average at best. I expected the food to be served hot but most of it was warm to room temperature. Ate almost my whole meal without a drink refill. Had to ask the waiter twice before we finally got them filled up but by then we were pretty much done eating. My first piece of prime rib was very good and juicy, went back but second piece was dry. Some things were good but nothing stood out as great. Other Vegas buffets are cheaper and better. Don't think I will be back..笑
Everywhere in Vegas is expensive. So....I think this is actually one of the better deals out there. It's $35 per person (roughly) for dinner. If you drink alcohol it will clearly add more to your bill, so stick to water and get the free booze while you are gambling. Is everything at the buffet amazing? No, but there are literally a million options. The best things- pesto tortellini, squash bisque, crab legs, tiki masala, and roast chicken. The line can be long but it moves quick, but it is worth the wait.笑
My boyfriend and I went to the Champagne Brunch Saturday, September 27, 2008.

We were expecting a little bit more in terms of seafood selection (I'm a pesca-vegetarian and had been promised somewhere that there would be lobster). There wasn't any lobster, but they had a lot of smoked fish and ceviche dishes. The sushi was decent, but very limited in selection. A lot of the dishes I tried weren't as great flavor-wise as I thought they would be. But, I found many specific dishes that were EXCELLENT.

The pizza/dessert/smoked fish selection is awesome, the variety and selection is very extensive, the waitstaff is attentive, and the chefs seem very concerned about making delicious food a priority. 

And, the champagne is heavily poured and totally worth the extra money. You won't be disappointed if your goal is to be drunk.笑
The only reason this place does not get one star is because the food did not make us sick. The Bellagio buffet was rather disappointing for our entire group. We went for dinner and it was $30. We waited 45 minutes in line on a Monday night to get in which we figured would result in great food. Wrong! First our server took forever to get our order. She seemed to have no way of knowing when we arrived because she first went to 2 tables that got there after us before getting to ours. However that's not why I'm rating the review bad. The crabs legs didn't seem so fresh and the buffet had a rather mediocre selection compared to the other buffets we visited. The desert selection was rather plain and neither of the two ice cream machines worked. I tried the house Merlot and it was horrible. The Kobe beef had an awkward taste to it and none of us took a second bite. To make things worse for the entire hour we were there our server never picked up our previous place or refilled our water. Talk about bad service. 

We all agree not to visit this buffet on our next visit. We expected much more from the Bellagio.笑
It's been a while since I went to the Buffet at Bellagio last time. I remember my first impression - fantastic! All together I went there 4 or 5 times and loved it every time. Don't understand why some people are not impressed - was it a bad day for the buffet or a personal bad day?笑
Well what I will say first is that the line is very long....even midweek..so prepare yourself for that. When you get in you will find that the atmosphere is nice and they actually have a restroom INSIDE the buffet which is a refreshing change.

The food is high quality, i was a tad surprised they didn't have more of a selection but none the less the food they did have was good...not spectacular but good. This buffet is VERY crowded so people may be constantly in your way/walking into you.....typical Strip setback.笑
we went to this buffet on a friday night, there were 5 adults, it cost almost 200 dollars, and we all didnt feel like it was worth it. some things were good, some things you could get at any other buffet. chinese stations are pretty commonplace, you had to ask for fresh fruit, crab legs were good, service was not so great, i don't want to eat my 36 dollar dinner with a pile of empty plates in front of me. my cappucino mousse was watery, the flan had a fruity taste, what is that all about. anyway, it just wasnt worth the price, we pretty much all decided that its just not necessary to go back.笑
This was the beat buffet I've been to in my entire life! The group I was with were not fans of buffets (fancy swanky type) but the y loved the bellagios take on it! We went Sunday for the brunch buffet and the lines are extremely long! You can get line passes from the casino office if you're nice and you ask the right people and move to the invited guest area instantly! The French toast was to die for and beverages are included in the 25 dollar price. You can add endless champagne for just 5 dollars more. This buffet was worth every penny.笑
Good breakfast and dinner its good but over priced many better options out there, dinner has crab legs which are great.笑
I love a good buffet in Las Vegas and The Buffet at Bellagio is no different. Good quality tasty food. A wide selection of food. There are some food that you see here and won't see at other buffets. I definitely like their selection of pastas, seafood, and huge assorted meats. My dessert go to was their little mini donuts. The buffet interior is very lovely to dine in. It is a bit pricey for the buffet, but you're in Las Vegas. The prices are the norm here. Definitely a top notch buffet in Las Vegas.笑
My wife and I had the buffet on Friday night.  Friendly staff !! 
Entree selection was just ok.  
Ribeye was over cooked in my opinion.
Mahi was very overbooked 
Crab legs and claws , shrimp .. Very nice 
Desserts were great !
If I had one suggestion , lighter foods , most every entree was drowned in a sauce. 
Next time in Vegas, will try another buffet.笑
Well 6 years ago I would have said that this buffet was the best thing I had ever had Not anymore. 
After having the buffet at ARIA the buffet here was like a Golden Corral compared. 

Food was tasteless. Most over cooked And the crab legs were no bigger than a pencil and COLD who serves steamed crab legs cold? 

The sweet section was nothing more than frozen petit fours that you could buy at a Sams club thaw and serve. Was told they were made fresh in house daily. Not true. Maybe unfrozen daily. 

116.00 for 3 people and honestly I would have enjoyed Panda Express more than here. Waited about 45 minutes to get seated and probably only ate for 20 minutes and that's walking through the lines included

Very disappointed and just don't see a return trip for us.笑
If you have status and can get past the mile long lines you're in for s treat as Bellagio Buffet never displeases. With breakfast being a pleasant $19.99 + tax including free drinks, it pretty hard to go wrong!笑
3.5 stars.

One of the better buffets in vegas out there, imo, although i've been here many times.  I will have to try the other newer buffets some time soon!  

We tried to go for lunch, around 3:30 and get lunch prices for dinner menu but it was super duper long so we ended up paying for dinner prices after 4 pm. boo.                        :(  So...definitely go earlier and stand in line before 3 pm, if you want to get lunch prices for dinner menu!

We all tried to get our money's worth for the buffet.  So, we tried to get all the expensive stuff - prime rib, seafood, crab legs, shrimp, kobe beef, etc.

Just a note.  We had a party of 10 so they charged us an additional 18% gratuity even though we all paid separately.  Deduct one star for that!  Any parties of 8 or more, there is mandatory 18% gratuity.  I guess you pay the extra grauity for sitting together.  

Food:  I got the prime rib, which was pretty good but i couldn't find the au jus.  Also got the kobe beef but it was too tough and not tender.  The outside of the kobe beef was overcooked and well done while the meat on the inside was all red!  I didn't eat that part at all.  it was just eh.

The ribs and pork belly were overcooked.  The pork belly was not juicy and fatty like it should be.  it was too hard.  The ribs were just ok.

I love the chilean sea bass!!  It's always one of my favorites and I try to get more of this for my money's worth.

The snow crab was just eh.  I only get it to justify the price i pay for the buffet.  haha.  But i'm actually not that big of a fan.  It's really salty and not a lot of flavor.

Shrimp cocktail is good.  i love shrimp!

Their desserts are just eh.  i wasn't too impressed with their desserts usually.  Although the last time I ate here, they had a lot of selections and the desserts were much better than other times i've gone.  Desserts included:  tiramisu, chocolate macarons, key lime pie, chocolate cake, fruit tarts, sugar free desserts, ice cream, etc.

Overall, I think it's one of the better buffets in Vegas (although I haven't tried the newer buffets at the newer hotels).笑
I have tried most of the buffets in Vegas and this one is a MUST ( I haven't tried the one at the Wynn yet but heard that one is good too).  The trick I use at this buffet is that I go right at the end of lunch so I pay the cheaper price and then they turn over the food for dinner once you are already in there ;).  I really like the pizza, shrimp, mashed sweet potatoes, prime rib, sushi. Ok I pretty much like everything there ESPECIALLY the desserts. The chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee and fruit tarts are sooo good. I can easily spend 3 hours in there.  I have had the Sunday brunch once and the food was good as well but I still like going right before lunch ends so it turns to dinner.  The only thing I haven't liked was the elk but at least I can say I have tried it. There is truly something for everyone here, enjoy!笑
Ok They've been here for years. But as one of the premier Buffets in Las Vegas. I've quite frankly Never had a bad dining experience with them. You know sometimes you go somewhere and the Food is tasteless and under seasoned and you Figure out the Head Chef is off that day and the sous chefs are running the show. I've Never had that experience here. Food is always on Point cooked Nicely and seasoned well.  A few times some items are either over or undercooked. Or my mom is very sensitive to overly Salty Food. The Soups are Always Tasty and Flavored well.  This is how I check many places Especially Chinese Food. If they can't make a flavorful Tasty Soup that's not too salty. Then I find all the other dishes are lackluster also.  Not Here though I've Always had a Decent meal. I've Always been treated Well WITHOUT asking to Accommodate my ADA.  Something Other Buffet's Here in Las Vegas FAIL Miserably at.笑
after 3 trips to vegas we never visited a buffet, so did some yelp searching and decided on this one at the Bellagio. Thought it was decent enough, could be organized better with all the breakfast food in one spot/lunch-dinner in another/etc. Overall variety was decent, wasn't really knocked out but got my fill!笑
Disappointed.  Granted, it is one of the cheaper buffets; I feel like the money I spent on this place could have bought a much higher quality, more satisfying meal elsewhere.笑
Super impressed with this place. There was a long line when we rolled up around 2pm for lunch, but our friends were already seated inside. The transition with letting us skip the line, pay, and get in was seamless and easy. It was $30 per person for lunch (without the bottomless mimosas) and I honestly thought it would be more, considering that it's at The Bellagio.

Here's what we saw/ate:

- pickled herring
- seafood salad with ...apple slices? is that what I'm tasting?
- green bean salad with mussels
- bacon, eggs, corned beef hash
- taco station
- mountain of chilled shrimp (shrimp cocktail)
- fresh fruits, smoked salmon, hard boiled eggs
- fantastic dessert selection: carrot cake, apple pie, fudge brownies, soft serve
- tortilla soup and corn chowder 
- fresh cut of prime rib and turkey with warm, chunky cranberry sauce
- seaweed salad and california rolls

Our favorites:

- corn chowder--hearty, flavorful, hint of sweetness
- prime rib-- flavorful, juicy, hot 
- turkey-- also flavorful, tender, fantastic job with the cranberry sauce (not out of a can)
- light seafood/green bean salads. Kale, quinoa, etc. were some of the ingredients used.
- shrimp cocktail-- robust, cold, crunchy.

I love that they weren't afraid to try different recipes and flavor combinations. I love unique, tart little salads and they totally nailed it with those options. 

Would definitely come back again for lunch.笑
Our buffet experience could be summed up in one word: DISAPPOINTMENT.

Our family went to Bellagio for the dinner buffet the day after Christmas. Since we had enjoyed our previous dinners here, we were expecting a good buffet. 

However, that was not the case this time. The Kobe top round beef tasted like cardboard: dry, tasteless, hard. It seemed like someone was trying to make beef jerky. The prime rib was over cooked and lacking in flavor. In addition, we were planning to eat macaroons at the end of our dinner. Unfortunately, they ran out :( . Overall, the food quality and selection were underwhelming. 

Finally, the dining hall should be renovated. It looks old and rundown. It seems like it has never been renovated before.笑
Champagne Brunch Buffet: NOT AS GOOD AS THE MIRAGE DON'T DO IT.
The Mirage buffet Cravings is much better than this buffet and is the same price. There is nothing wrong with this buffet. It has the standard large selection and freshness one can expect from the higher end Vegas buffets. 

But my opinion is go to the Mirage buffet instead.笑
Absolutely better than advertised! Very much worth the wait but don't tell anybody! Reminds me of what the great, classy buffets of Vegas from the past, but even better. Very impressive.笑
Great layout, great selection and (for buffet food) great preparation!  This buffet is my winner for dinner.  

The selection of items on the Bellagio Buffet is wonderful. There's a little something there for everyone. The staff does a great job of keeping items fresh and well stocked. I would have to say this is one of my top picks when it comes to Vegas buffets and after this last stay ... I think I've officially tried them all! 

If you love crab legs as much as I do, then you're in luck.  They pile them high and let you serve yourself (unlike MGM).  It works out wonderfully, because you don't get caught waiting in line for an hour to receive three crab legs.  They slice them down the middle as well, which is another huge perk.  If you like them warm take them to one of the cooking stations and they will grill'em up for you.  It's Fantastic!

P.S. A Thrifty side note: If you time it just right - and hit the buffet line around 3:30 you will experience dinner selections at lunch prices $. Too, this will be the only meal you'd need for the day. Trust me. There is a way to do Vegas on a budget.笑
The food was delicious. The chefs and the team are  awesome. This Buffett should be a 6 star. Really great food.笑
OMG, I KO'ed after this Holiday Buffet.

My Asian parents have me trained in buffets. Go in right before lunch turns to dinner, and reap benefits of both offerings. Skip the breads, salads and breakfast stuff. Go for the seafood and proteins.

Highlights of the meal:
Spicy tuna hand roll
Alaskan/snow crab legs
Prime rib and horseradish
Steak wellingtons
Mashed sweet potatoes? -- awesome
Shrimp cocktail
Lox and cream cheese/capers
Salmon nigiri
Oh, and awesome crispy bacon

I heard the lamb and fish were good. Lobster and shrimp raviolis were also delightful. Overall, I'm not a dessert person, so I only sampled a bits and pieces which weren't bad.

It took me a whole day to recover from that 3 hour excursion... diners tread carefully.笑
I must say that The Buffet at the Bellagio was comparable to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio, but a bit better with the elegance of fine dining. I felt like the Carnival Buffet was more of a cafeteria style type of place, versus the Bellagio. I had high expectations coming here, as my friend recommended me to this place just hours before the epic fail Rock and Roll Las Vegas Marathon and 1/2 marathon.

I basically had my fill of protein worth of prime rib, which was pretty awesome. The dessert was tempting, so I had some cheese cake. The seafood fare was good, although it could have been a bit more improved.  Loved the ambiance of the fine dining aspect of it. I tried not to over induldge on the food, but how can you not?笑
I went for their breakfast buffet this time. It's been years since I've been here, when I came here last time it was probably the best buffet here in Las Vegas, this time not so much. They do have a lot of good variety. Some of the best things that I tried: Baked ham, herb crusted prime rib and their ravioli. 

The cannoli was disappointing, most of their desserts were disappointing.

The price is pretty good for a weekend, $35 for one person compared to $60 at Casear's Palace on weekends.笑
Yummmmmmmmm.This buffet is one of the best in Las Vegas. There is such a selection, you can find salads, excellent prime rib, soups, pasta, crab legs, excellent everything. My only complaint is that they are so busy that often it takes a long time for the tables to be cleaned off. There is a long wait often unless you have an M life card that moves you to the front of the line.笑
I was expecting better and more variety. The desserts were awesome and the reason for three stars. The food was average. I went for dinner and there was not enough variety on meats considering that it was dinner. Only prune rib and it was rare and not other option. For people that enjoy sushi and seafood there always variety but I don't eat seafood. In general I won't pay 40 dollars just for the desserts.笑
Used to come here all the time.  Last few times,  it keep being worse.  Cold food.  Custard at warm temperature.  Not worth  $50. Less selection as well.  Better go to Wynn or Encore if u going to buffet笑
I do like the Bellagio buffet. Its a toss up between Mandalay Bay and Bellagio. French food is what they say this place is about. Although I do not eat any kind of seafood I have to say they have the best selection of crab. They had the Alaskan King crab and the snow crab in buckets! This place is like crab heaven if you like crab. They have melted butter that you can scoop up to your hearts content and they have champagne in a glass now not in those cheapy plastic containers they do in other casinos. I like the salad selection and of course the choices in bread. I do not eat bread although I love bread because of the high carb content but enough about that. The bread had to be tried! It was delicious, and they had real butter on the side. Soft butter, not the frozen kind. The butter was at room temperature so it was easy to spread it on your bread. Yum! 

Alright downside to this place is you have to be ready to wait. It felt like a line at Disneyland to get into one of those rides! The line was long! We waited 75 minutes to be seated and we stayed for 2 hours inside. Prepare to wait folks. It is worth the wait but do not come here starving hungry because you will wait and you will end up grouchy and impatient by the time you get to the cashier. Eat enough for about an hour wait and then be ready to feast! Happy eating1笑
Great food but prepare for a long wait. Service could be better but overall food & experience was good. I always bring my family here.笑
This is my favorite buffet on the strip. It's consistently the best food for every time of day. The meat is always the best tasting and somehow the leanest, especially the flank steak. The seafood is and sushi are also excellent. The Coke freestyle machines are also great additions to the overall experience.笑
"Reputation is Everything."

That is, assuming it's a good one, which The Buffet at the Bellagio seems to still have (100 people waiting in line!).  It's just a shame that the food can't back that up anymore.  While they were pretty darn good the last time I was here, The Buffet now seems to be living off its reputation more than anything else.

Although there were about 40 people in line when we arrived (it more than doubled by the time we left), we were able to bypass the wait by making a reservation.  The trade off was a fixed 18% gratuity, but it was well worth it to get in that much faster and to have all 12 of us seated together.  Plus, we probably would have tipped that much anyways.

On the plus side, there was a wide variety to choose from.  Like nearly every other Vegas buffet, there were sections for Asian food, sushi/sashimi, seasonal fruits, various salads, pastas, pizzas, and seafood (including fresh king crab legs).  In addition, they also had a couple of carvery stations offering meaty favorites like prime rib, Kobe beef, ribs, pork belly, and rack of lamb, as well as stations for made-to-order tacos and caviar.  And, of course, a dessert bar with a wealth of selections to cap your meal.

While all that variety was great, it was also necessary in order to find things worth eating.  Most of the food was just okay with a handful of tasty items, but the carvery meats were really disappointing though - the prime rib was okay and the rack of lamb was good, but the Kobe beef was AWFUL (tough and flavorless).  Furthermore, the tacos were pretty bleh, two of the three caviars were just tobiko and ikura (like at Japanese restaurants), and the sashimi didn't look appetizing at all.

At $39 a head for a regular Saturday night dinner, the price is comparable with the better buffets on the Strip (Wynn's buffet and Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, for two), but the food felt like it was a step or two behind.  TWO AND A HALF STARS rounded up because things like the salmon mousse cups, smoked salmon, chocolate covered strawberries, and rack of lamb were "plus" items.  Plus, a part of me just hopes that it was a bad night.  However, if I had to paid out of my pocket (the resort credit I got for staying at the Bellagio covered my meal), I would have rounded down.笑
I'm usually cautious of buffets because I never trust them to really be good. But this one is GOOD! So good they have fresh made sushi and fresh spring rolls - among other things. But everything is made so well.

I committed to going all out during this buffet. I had a bacon, onion, mushroom pepper and cheese omelet, biscuits and gravy, prime rib, sushi, fresh spring rolls, pepperoni pizza, waffles, pancakes, sausage, bacon and ate every dessert on their dessert bar (there were about 10 of them). 

Just be prepared to wait in line for about 45 minutes. Its worth it though.笑
Tentata dai famosi buffet degli hotel di Las Vegas, ho deciso di provare uno dei più lussuosi. E in effetti le proposte erano tante e alcune anche molto particolari: sushi, manzo kobe, chilli, gamberi, prosciutto glassato, granchio e dolci a volontà. Il problema è che molte di queste specialità sembravano avere tutte lo stesso sapore (poco), tanto che una delle cose che ho più apprezzato è stata la pizza. Per 37 dollari a persona (bevande escluse) mi aspettavo un po' più di qualità e non solo di quantità. Molto buoni i dolci.笑
Buffet #4 for my 2016 Vegas trip.  Wife and I were pretty much buffeted out by the time we reached our last dinner for the trip.   Met bro and sis-in-law at the buffet after looking at the Christmas decorations in the conservatory.  Bellagio always has a beautiful holiday set-up with flowers, model train set, large decorated tree, flowered polar bear, etc... After walking through the conservatory and taking the obligatory selfies, we headed to the buffet to stuff our tummies.

Well, this buffet had all of the same items from the prior Casino buffets, Snow Crab Legs, Prime Rib, Boiled Shrimp, Salad Bar, Dessert Bar, etc... Thus, I will mention the unique items only... Salmon Pate Petit Four, Salmon Poke, Tuna Poke, Beef Tartar, Spicy Tuna Handroll, Watermelon and Watercress Salad, Asian Pears, etc...  Funny thing... I actually tried all of those different items since I had my fill of Crab Legs, Prime Rib, etc. from all of the other buffets.

Recommend this buffet for the unique items.  Decor is dated and there is no natural lighting since there are no windows.  Done with buffets for awhile...  Don't have to watch diners with plates piled high with Snow Crab Legs....笑
Didn't like the food. Lack of selection. I've had a better buffet experience at both Aria and Bacchanal.  My husband agrees with me. 

They're tacos use store bought tortillas- WTH. The food just didn't seem fresh or properly heated and maintained. The dessert was lack luster. 

Will not go again.笑
Huge selection of mediocre to poor food. Quality of food was not what I expected for the price. Prime rib was tough, eggs were over cooked, sausage was flavorless, definitely needs a lot of work.笑
Lackluster food and ridiculous overcharging!  We dined at the Bellagio Buffet for the first time on Monday and I can safely say we will not return. First off, the only reason we chose this buffet over all the others is because we were staying at The Bellagio, so it was convenient and the price at $34.99 seemed reasonable. So imagine my surprise when we lined up to pay and were told the "holiday price" was $9 per person more!  What holiday??  Mexican Independence Day!!!  Now don't get me wrong, I think it's marvelous that Mexico gained independence from Spain on September 15th, 1810 but what possible connection does that have with the price of food at this Las Vegas buffet?  Did they have colorful piñatas? No. Did they have a lovely assortment of traditional Mexican foods and desserts to honor the occasion? No.  Did they pass out cute little sombreros and offer half price margaritas? No. The only way they chose to observe Mexican Independence Day was to act like banditos and charge their customers more for the same tired buffet food offered anywhere on the strip. No Bueno.笑
I typically don't like buffet restaurants because the quality of food is typically not good, and I value quality over quantity. At this buffet however, you get both. Everything from kobe beef to sushi, to sliced king crab legs are available. The vast selection of food and desserts make this buffet a place you have to visit in vegas.笑
**Tips**
       - Price - They don't empty out the buffet during price changes so Friday at 3:45pm would be the best. You'd get a $37 buffet for $20.
       - Crab Legs - They had snow crab legs on the left side and both snow crab and king crab legs on the right when I went. Be sure you're getting the one you like.
       - Hot Crab Legs - If you grab a plate of crab legs, you can go over to the omelet station next to the Asian foods and ask them to heat it up for you. I don't really like cold crab legs, so this is a must for me.
       - Desserts - I know it's tempting to stuff yourself with all the great food, but don't forget to leave some room for dessert. They have a huge spread.
**Price**
       - $15.95 Mon-Fri 7am-11am Breakfast
       - $19.95 Mon-Fri 11am-4pm Lunch
       - $29.95 Sun-Thurs 4pm-10pm Dinner
       - $36.95 Fri-Sat 4pm-10pm Gourmet Dinner
       - $24.95 Sat-Sun 7am-4pm Brunch
**Must Haves**
       - Snow Crab Legs/King Crab Legs - They're split for you so it's easier to get to the meat. If you don't warm them up though, sometimes they have ice on them.
       - Dessert - Their assortment of desserts are one of the best in town. Creme Brule is my favorite.
       - Three Carving Stations - Their meats vary from day to day. I've had good and bad experiences, so I'd suggest going and getting a little from each to see which you like. On the weekend gourmet dinner, they usually have something exotic like elk or ostrich.
       - Shrimp - Their shrimps are usually large and plump.
       - Chilean Sea Bass - They served it with some kind of teriyaki-like sauce. Probably the best fish I've ever had.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a great dinner buffet on the strip.笑
Since we had a bunch of money racked up on our M life card we decided to hit up the buffet for an early dinner.  We strolled on in without any line since we entered in on the card line, nice!  

The selection was pretty decent, the creativity wasn't there like you would get at Wicked Spoon but at the end I always racked up too many little bowls and dishes at WS.  The prime rib was too tough and maybe I missed the steak knife but my pathetic butter knife at the table couldn't make a dent in it.  Everything else was pretty decent and I LOVED LOVED LOVED the creme brulee.  I also really enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries.  I'm normally a savory girl but the sweets totally won my heart this time around.  My boyfriend fell in love with their bread pudding and went back for seconds and thirds.  

We came back the next morning for breakfast.  Although the selection was changed they had awesome pancakes, and french toast.  I also had way too many pieces of bacon and over did the whole scrambled eggs too.  Next time we're definitely coming back for their breakfast buffet with bottomless mimosas!笑
Very disappointed.  My expectations were very high as this place was listed as a top 10 spot in Vegas to eat. It is not. It is a buffet. And as all hotel buffets go, they are only so-so. If you are expecting to eat good. DO NOT GO HERE. The workers in the buffet are very friendly and quite busy. To them I give a thumbs up for their excellent work. A thumbs down for the food.笑
We came here about 30 minutes prior to close. They kept everything fresh and stocked.   They offer king crab leg which was amazing, just ask the staff to heat them up for you. For the price it is good. I do love the buffet atceasars, but they are about $30 more than this buffet.笑
Gormet buffet for about $36! I tasted better buffet in the past. The food here is just average. Its not worth it.笑
Outstanding. This place has a ton of variety! We tried both Breakfast (if you hit it right you get lunch stuff too!) and Dinner. Both were fantastic. 

Dinner had an excellent mix of of cuisine types, tons and tons of delicious seafood...and all of the meat was great! I will agree with another reviewer...the Kobe was a little tough, but shit give it a shot anyway.  I mean it is a buffet at the Bellagio!!笑
Wow! I've been to quite a few buffets, but have to say this is the best one hands down!

Kobe beef, lamb chops, lobster stuffed ravioli, filet mignon, alaskan crab legs...you name it!
The desserts are absolutely delicious...make sure you try the flan and the cappucino desserts!
There's so much food here you won't know where to start- and the best part it is all fresh!
The value for the price is amazing...and if you're smart you will do what we did and come in at 3 PM..dinner starts at 4..so we got in for the brunch price of $23.95...started out eating very slowly and by 4PM when dinner started we were still hungry. If you're in the buffet when dinner starts you can enjoy the dinner menu at the lunch price. For $23.95 and all that food...this buffet is a steal! We learned about this get in at 3 pm trick from a fellow yelper..so thank you!笑
This bread is from le cirque! Or at least tastes and looks the same. That was the best part for me. They had a whole bread section and it was amazing. This buffet is HUGE. I decided to go on what i called a "fishing trip!" I grabbed a bite from each of the 7 fish dishes they had. None of them where amazing but they where all good. And then I was too full to try anything else.

We managed to sneak in with no line but as with most vegas casino buffets there going to be a line during meal times.

This is the best buffet I have tried in vegas.笑
I had high hope for the Bellagio Buffet since it was the "Bellagio" and for the price we paid.-
The dinner time starts @4p which on Sundays the price is $29.99.  So we got in line and hoping it wasn't too long of a wait cuz we were hoping to pay for the lunch price which was $5 less. ....and so we did!  The downfall to what he had to pay is if there is a party of 8 + means you are automatically charged 18% gratuity.  (To my opinion gratuity is earned and not to be expected but that's another subject)

The ambiance was quite disappointing for me...the place looked dated and really needs an update.  It had a lot of dark colors and just looked dreary.  

So I make my rounds and look around first to see what they had.  When I go to a buffet...I like to just take maybe half a spoon of something that I am interested in just to taste it and not waste it if it's yuk.  I started off with the prime rib and had them grill it a bit since it looked like it was still alive.  The aujus was very runny and the prime rib was very chewy.  Quite disappointing to me.  The taste...the taste is what you expect it to be.  But definitely not "melt in your mouth" as one yelper exclaimed.
The seaweed salad was good but how can you mess that up.  Sushi...ehh...and not much selection as far as sushi goes.  Calamari was like eating white fat rubber bands like the ones that holds the broccoli together at your grocery store. --lol.  Roasted potato was ok. 

They were in the midst of changing the food selection to dinner foods which what we were all waiting for.  The next plate was mostly crab legs.  Too frozen and already split in half which I would rather open up myself and be able to enjoy a whole piece out of the leg.  The pastas were good.  Nothing spectacular and the Chinese Pork bun was good. 

Desserts was nothing to be amazed by.  Flan was flan...the desserts in the shot glasses- panna cotta, some mousse coffee thing, -was kinda runny but good.  The carrot cake was moist and the coffee was your average tasting coffee.  

Our server....no it was not his fault but come on...if you know you are getting almost $5 each from us from the 'mandatory' gratuity...I would expect our drinks to be constantly filled and NO- there was not any real steak knives to cut the prime rib.  We were expected to cut the meat with our generic knives that came with the table.  -and yes I asked the server for a real steak knife and he looked at me like I asked for something personal.  Geez.

Even the hot tea (I always ask for that with my meal)--I did not get a lemon nor honey with my tea.  

Would I go here again?  NO
Would I recommend the place to others?  ONLY TO EXPERIENCE THE "BELLAGIO BUFFET" ITSELF.

So far my favorite right now is The M Resort Studio B Buffet.  Yes they have raised the price...but I would say the overall experience at the M is worth it.  

I am paying a lot of moneynot  to eat everything in sight and have to roll me out of there....I am paying a lot of money for quality and taste of the food, the attentiveness of my server who deserves a nice tip and the ambiance of the place.笑
Went for the brunch buffet, the food quality was very good, they weren't just throwing out sub quality food. Service was fantastic. One of the best values in Vegas笑
Worst breakfast buffet in town. Totally not worth the money. You are way better off at other places.笑
I agree with Jen. Vegas messes with your body. It messes with your mind, your sleep, your tolerance for pain, extreme heat or cold and booze. What is there to relieve your tired, achy body and hungry belly? Buffets! Everywhere! Steak and eggs for $2, hot dogs for .75 or if you want to go high class, the Bellagio. 

A Bellagio breakfast/brunch will last you all day. It's only because I can gorge myself like nobody's business I can sustain a day in Vegas on breakfast pizza, eggs and potatoes alone. 

I had the dinner one last year while in Vegas and was not that impressed. Although I'm poor, we splurged for the breakfast two days in a row. TWO! The second day they sat us right by the plates as J. mentioned. Too easy, people. Just too easy to eat three meals in one sitting.

The breakfast pizza was my favorite. I had a mimosa, ate my weight in bacon and was introduced to the bread pudding. Whew! I was glad I spent the next 6 hours walking my ass off in the cold. 

Coffee and juice are complimentary, which is nice. They have a good variety of healthy and naughty and you could even weasel in some lunch foods if you really have room.笑
Out of the 5+ Las Vegas buffets I've eaten at, this one's my favorite!笑
Way overpriced for what you get. Also, the line is a gazillion miles long (~3hr wait on Christmas starting at 3pm?) so don't expect to get in right away!

The interior of this place is gorgeous and price-appropriate. Everything is clean and fresh. The buffet itself is huuuge, but there is no way you're going to be able to try everything, so don't even attempt. We tried. Didn't succeed.

Food I found meh/would eat again:
- Beef wellington
- Tuna/salmon poke salads (yay! raw fish yum!)
- Sausage (hard to mess up)
- Stuffing (I loooove stuffing but it was a bit dry)
- Sushi - was okay, but if they're gonna serve sushi and call it fancy, they're going to have to get a properly trained sushi chef. The rolls were fine, but the nigiri looked like it had been assembled by a toddler. Okay I'm exaggerating, but you get my point.

Food I found bleh:
- Christmas goose (super dry)
- Snow and king crab legs (wayyyyy over salted and cooked to the point of toughness)
- The flan was gross. I couldn't get myself to eat more than 1 bite, and flan is usually my absolute favorite dessert.

My favorites:
- Roasted veggies (mmmm)
- The premade salads were all delish
- Smoked salmon (but isnt' it the same everywhere?)
- Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp here are HUGE and cooked to the point where they are nice and juicy, but not chewy!)
- Desserts were pretty good--and gorgeously plated. They had cheesecakes, various mini cakes and cupcakes, soft serve, chocolate covered strawberries, fruit tarts, and giant MACARONS! The chocolate macaron I managed to snag made me really happy (these things are hard to get!) but they ran out on my second trip, so :(.

Maybe because it was Christmas dinner, things were not up to the normal standard, but shouldn't it be better?

Costs more during holidays (aka week of Christmas to New Years)笑
2 stars for good eggs and bacon. Except that I paid $30 for eggs and bacon. Semi rude employees that don't speak English. Quinoa salad and all other salads were either stale, dry or simply inedible. Everyone at the table spit out and left their salads untouched. Very few options. The chinese station only offered rice and shrimp dumplings that tasted old and dry and we could not eat more than a bite. The pizza was greasy and lacked any flavor. On par with any fast food pizza.  My friend said the sushi tasted like grocery store sushi (dry chewy rice, cheap seaweed, fishy and minimal fish). So at this point pretty much ALL the food was disgusting so we all decided to eat eggs and bacon at 1pm. They were very good. But I could have gotten good eggs and bacon at any other restaurant for $16. The desserts were bitter and dry. This place SUCKS笑
No other buffet tops it! It's worth every penny ($35.00/person)! Once u see the selection you don't even know where to begin. Leave room for dessert, there's 50,000 to choose from!笑
Best breakfast buffet I've been to. Flavorful, quality, and a great variety of choices for every palate and or dietary restriction. All of this for only $20. It's a steal. While you are there wall through the conservatory.笑
Our server Gilbert was fantastic! If I ever go back to the buffet I would ask for him each time; however, the quality of the food was very disappointing. I was so pumped to go here and left feeling irritated at the price I paid. The prime rib was gray and dry, the crab legs cold and over-cooked. The BBQ chicken had an overwhelming taste of liquid smoke, and the fish lacked seasoning. My salad was ok. My desserts were yummy. My bottomless drinks were always filled. Thank goodness they have some of the best customer service around because it helped my celebration dinner not be a total let-down.笑
Our second day in LV and the decision where to dine was highly influenced by some top reviews of the Bellagio Buffet.   Be prepare to wait!   At least one hour on Saturday afternoon unless you were a privileged guest then of course the queue was omitted.   The price we paid was $60.43 for two.   There was a large selection of different cuisine and it was well worth the price.   The hotel itself was very impressive, the water fountain, the lobby, the botanical garden (we missed it as they were changing the decoration for the Autumn season) and of course the chocolate fountain.笑
YUMM-O!  Me, I'm a huge HUGE fan of buffets because you get all you can eat for one (sometimes low) price!  Seriously, I love to eat.  And more often than not I care about quantity over quality.  Yes I know I should get out of that habit.  In fact, the buffets are one of the reasons I moved to Las Vegas to go to UNLV!  We just don't have spreads of buffets all over Hawaii, and to me this was heaven.

I'm older now, and my metabolism is slowin' down just a tiny bit...the pooch shows from too much eatin' if there's no cardio runnin'!  Gone are the days of eating cold pizza for breakfast, Reubens from the dining commons for lunch (God I love those things), In-N-Out for dinner, and beer for dessert!  I've noticed my palatte gets tired of the same old thing too, my taste buds like to be surprised every once in a while.  

This buffet brings back lots of memories.  Back in college, it was the first 'gourmet' buffet my school homies had ever been to.  I remember the Sunday brunch fondly, where else could we go and drink all the mimosas we wanted?  Getting hammered at breakfast seemed like a nice option at the time!  Not too shabby back then for only $25!  We felt like big spenders!

It's been a long time but the food is still good.  I took the kids there for their first ever fancy buffet (believe me, they're used to buffets like the one at Station Casinos but that's another review for another time) and boy were they surprised!  Like, eyes wide open and drooling surprised!  They couldn't believe this much food could be in one place.

Thanks to me, we were at the buffet well over 2 hours and got a little sample (okay, large sample) of what the Bellagio had to offer for lunch and dinner.  More on this later.  Anyway, we tried just about everything they had!  We went to town, the kids went APE-$**T!  If it was edible, it was put on a plate.  There was mounds of crab legs (which the little one loved because they were already cut in half, she had 2 plates), succulent prime rib, Angus beef sliders, pizza after gourmet pizza (Shrimp Scampi was my fav), veggie spring rolls, spare ribs, Kobe sirloin, lamb chops, and Beef Wellington was enjoyed by all.  We even tried lots of different stuff, like hand rolled sushi rolls, venison, duck confit (yum!),  roasted elk, ostrich, Chilean sea bass, seafood vol au vent (seafood in puff pastry), and steak tartar!  Fancy, fancy y'all!  

The food buzz was kickin' in but no one had even touched dessert yet!  Dessert ran rampant in this place!  We of course, had a bit of everything we could fit.  Creme brulee, cappuccino mousse, lemon tarts, fruit tarts, chocolate cake, tiramisu, oh so many more we stuffed our faces with!  I was totally, utterly full after this meal.  I for sure made the kids eat our money's worth as well!  This place ain't cheap!  But they loved it!!

Wanna sample as much gluttony as possible!  Best tip I can give you, go to the Bellagio for lunch but go late at like 3 PM.  Pay $20 + tax to get in, enjoy the last offerings of lunch...then prepare for dinner!  Dinner items start rolling out at around 3:30 PM.  Good thing too because the gourmet dinner costs upward of $38 + tax depending on whether or not it's a holiday or a weekend.  Save your A$$ some money in this recession!  You can use that money for TUMS afterwards.笑
Bellagio, what can I say?

I stood on line for like an hour plus and when I finally sat down the server came by frequently.

However, I was truly baffled by how small the area for the buffet was! I have seen bigger buffets at 2 and 3 star hotels on the strip and off!

I enjoyed the crab and the carrot cake, and everything tasted like "expensive" rather than rich and hearty. Thus, the quality of the food was not necessarily better but it was "superior" in the subjective high-end realm of taste. 

Was it worth $20 plus dollars for a smaller-selection dinner with fast service, long lines, expensive-tasting but not comfort-like food? It depends on who you're asking. 

I'll pass.笑
Went there for a mid week lunch.
First time at the Bellagio buffet and always heard good things about it.

Had a 2 for 1 voucher so the price was really reasonable for us. There is an option for bottomless drinks. Which we added to our buffet.

I'm not really picky about food in general but there was not a single food item that I wanted to go back to. Food quality in general was not even comparable to mediocre buffets in Reno. 

I ended up getting some shrimp cocktail just to be busy with while I got drunk on my bottomless Blue Moon! and just gave up on the food all together.

With all the great things I always used to hear about this place, I left really disappointed. It wasn't worth it even as a half price deal! I guess I've missed out on Bellagio Buffet glory days by couple years or so!

Just to be fair, the staff and our server were extremely friendly and helpful. Never an empty dish or empty glass of beer on the table! I wish I knew our server's name.笑
I stuffed myself like a pig, it was delectable. The staff were great for buffet staff. 

There was the cutest little old Italian lady who was singing merrily as she swept the floor. She told me all about her childhood growing up in "old country" and it made my meal that much more enjoyable. 

The buffet's quality is on point.
The staff attentive. 
Pricier than most buffets though I'd say worth it.笑
Per usual, I yelp everything before i give it a try. However, I was sorely disappointed with Bellagio's buffet. Nothing was particularly bad, its just that nothing was YUM. For $30+ a person I was expecting fairly decent food. The crab legs were super salty and everything else was bland and unmemorable. I can honestly say that I prefer the cheap Asian buffets over Bellagio's. As for the dessert selection, which could've been its saving grace since I have a major sweet tooth, it was also a huge let down. The only thing they did well was the creme brulee, hence the extra star.笑
I gave it 3 stars because there was not enough variety for the price. We waited about 40 minutes on a Friday night. The clam chowder, pizzas and pastas were good. Desserts were delicious. Good service.笑
We went there on July 2nd at 1100am for lunch, but actually for brunch. We just waited 5 min in the line. It costs $22 / person. Fabulous buffet with great choices. Started with French toast and omelette, then main dishes. You can sample some food. The best food was the Sirloin beef, very tender and cooked well. Skipped the pizza. OK, there are not many international food as you would expect but overall, this is worth the money.笑
After reading that this was one of the must-try buffets in Vegas, I just had to stop by when visiting Vegas for the weekend. We came here on Saturday for brunch and it could have just been the high expectations, but I must say that it did not quite knock me off my feet. To start with the good, the cold seafood appetizer section was delectable enough, ranging from New Zealand mussels to a calamari and sausage salad. The standout here was the scallop ceviche. It was clearly fresh and the pairing with mango was a nice touch - scallops themselves were tender and not overpowered with lime. The smoked salmon was a pleasant surprise as well. Now with the standout items discussed, let's move on to the more average fare. Quite simply put, the Bellagio (during brunch at least) is lacking in variety and innovation. The oysters and littlenecks were not present, instead diners only had access to cocktail shrimp. The meat section consisted of only prime rib-which was a bit too overdone for my liking. The "sushi" section was disappointing too (as is the case for most buffets). The maki rolls had way too much rice and only two types were present-neither of which had real fish or seafood. Aside from the decor and the aforementioned appetizer items, nothing really differentiated the Buffet at the Bellagio from other establishments. Perhaps dinner there would prove to be better, but the brunch hardly made me want to come back and find out. Brunch here is a 3.5 at best.笑
Better than Wynn, but not 30% better than Wynn, considering the 30% price increase.  Amazing seafood selection.  Pesto mashed taters and apricot mousse are to die for.笑
Oh man. This place will be the death of me and my family. Every time we're in Vegas, we always make a stop here. 

The food is amazing and of the utmost quality. Everything is just really good. All their meat (prime rib, beef wellington, kobe beef, etc), crab legs, seafood, ec. I'm not even a buffet guy by any means but this place is an exception. 

Usually there is a pretty long line but I've been lucky to skip the line most of the time ;)笑
I was urged by a friend of mine to hit this buffet, as I had missed it on my Vegas trip last year. We went on a Sat night where it was supposed to be "gourmet" night with more selections. It was a pricey buffet, at $77 for both of us. The line was insane. It wrapped around most of the casino. What was horrible about it, was that the buffet on a SAT night, in Las Vegas, closes @10pm. We waited (along with about 100 people behind us) for over an hour to get to the cashier to pay. By that time, it was 9:40pm. I was sure my info was incorrect and the staff would tell me they were open to at least 11. I asked the cashier and she said "No we close @10". I said, you are telling me, that I have 20 minutes to inhale my food for $77??" She said the buffet closes at 10, but they dont put the food away till 10:30, so run around like a nut doing supermarket sweep and fill as many dishes as possible and sit and eat at your table.. I was going to leave, but then I thought I wasted SO MUCH TIME waiting to eat here, and in thinking of my fellow yelpers, I wanted to add my honest review to this site, so I stayed. I also told the staff that they need to have a staff member block off the line, or have a sign there that says "No entry after this point", or no entry after 9pm, because all those poor people behind us, who also waited 11/2 to 2 hours to eat would be kicked off the line when it closed @10. Not nice to have people there wasting their time in Vegas when there are 1000000000 other places they could be eating.
The food was not impressive. They had awful, runny,  split crab legs, sub-par sushi, very tough meat (I had a few different piece of lamb), God awful Chilean sea bass, which is one of my fav dishes, so that was even more disappointing, I also tried the elk and ostrich because it was there. But it was too gamey for me. The lobster ravioli was good, as were the hand rolls. But certainly not worth the wait or the price. You can get the crab legs in almost every other buffet in Vegas. 
We were also SO SICK after we finished eating! The food went right through us both. We joked about having a $77 laxative. 
Mirage buffet stood out- it had many different sections and offerings. AND- if you LOVE seafood, do yourself a favor and hit the Rio seafood buffet. (There's a free shuttle from the Paris hotel.)  That buffet is in a class by itself. Please see my review. I would not return or recommend the Bellagio buffet. I guess if this was the only buffet you hit in Vegas, you might be impressed. Having been here on vacation before in LV, I have seen way nicer spreads for less $. On an upnote, the hotel itself is gorgeous, and def worth a look in the flower conservatory or see the world's largest chocolate fountain. Good gelato and desserts there.

************UPDATE**********
I was so annoyed by my buffet experience that I sent part of this review to Bellagio, hoping they would re vamp their line set up, as to not leave customers out in the lurch with no dinner or food they had to pay $77 for and then scarf down because they close at 10pm. Shockingly to me- the manager called me (now that Im back in Nyc) and offered to comp me 2 tickets to eat there again (which I quickly told him I never would- even for free), or get a refund. So I told him to refund our credit card, and they complied. I was very appreciative of this gesture, but I honestly hope they #1 Improve the food there, and #2 Fix the line set up.笑
My group and I have come to this buffet a few times and I must admit it has quite a selection. Would it be dubbed the best buffet in Vegas? Probably not. However, it still had a great atmosphere and good food. The dessert is delicious and the food choices are acceptable. The price of what you pay also isn't terrible so it's good for what it gives you.笑
Fat kids at heart unite at this buffet. Where else can you have eggs benedict, pizza and Chinese food all in one sitting? Why here of course! Add in the bottomless Mimosas on Saturday and you've got yourself one gluttonous meal. I ate myself silly here and enjoyed every bite. Believe it or not, their pizza is amazing. Give it a try! This is a plentiful meal with unlimited food options and you can easily eat yourself into a food coma. If you are looking for a fatty meal in Vegas, this is your spot.笑
First let me say that my girlfriend and I typically avoid buffets, for the simple fact that neither of us can eat enough in one sitting to make it worth the price. At about $50 each, it wasn't worth the price, but we knew that it wouldn't be going into it. But when in Vegas... We sampled a little of everything we were interested in, and both found our favorite thing to be the rack of lamb. It was amazing. The prime rib was really good too. All of the desserts were just ok. Nothing spectacular at all.  I will say that if you are someone who can put away some food, this is probably the best place to go and get your money's worth.笑
As always, Bellagio does not disappoint. I was here 8 years ago and had to come back to see if I remembered how good the food was.
I was there on Superball Sunday for brunch and really enjoyed the crab legs and the smoked salmon! The smoked salmon was the bomb and I wish they had more because that what we all ate. 
The desserts were amazing, I had to try at least 5-6 different ones but the tiramisu was my fav.笑
I was expecting better from the Buffet at the Bellagio.  When I'm halfway through eating my first plate and I'm already thinking about the buffet we should have ate it's usually a bad sign.  Food there was so so but they don't offer that many different types of food as one of my favorite legas buffet has.  About the only good thing they had was the prime rib.  Another thing is usually I enjoy playing keno at buffets, it's helps create some type of break while snarfing down all that food.  That night the keno runner was no where to be found although our waiter assured me that he was there.  When the runner did come by I had to about tackle the guy to get his attention.  All in all...I would skip this buffet for someplace else.笑
Get there early, feast all night. Huge selection of just about anything your little fat heart could desire. I bee-lined for the Kobe Beef, seemed the crab legs were a major draw for many (massive piles of leg debris on some tables). Overall just an experience in itself so you can say you hit that buffet and made it bow to you.笑
The quality and variety of food is not worth the amount charged. 
Sharp unpleasant smell! The manager wasn't professional at all, he ignored our note and walked away!!笑
OMG! Endless choices and a trip around the world. Get ready to CHOWDOWN! 

Can't wait to go back!笑
I came here over the summer with my husband while we were in Vegas. I had heard a lot of great things about this buffet, as it was great in its hayday (1990s). We had a "Vip" voucher ( not sure where we got it) so we got a chance to go all the way to the front of the line and even had a buy-one-get-one-free voucher. However I was not impressed by the food here. I know they try hard but I feel like it could have been better for the prices they charged ($50 + for dinner). If it had not been for our BOGO coupon I would give it less than 4 stars.笑
Well, that was a bust.

I was supposed to dine at Joel Robuchon last night. My date for the dinner had to cancel for a team dinner that was announced at last minute that he couldn't get out of. I was going to go still by myself as I really wanted to go. However, by 4 pm, I was getting tired and I had been spending money like crazy just for regular food that the thought of shelling out $200 at minimum for dinner didn't sound all that fun anymore. So, I cancelled it and I went with a couple colleagues who wanted to try the Vegas buffet. 

I guess there was a reason I have never tried the buffet. We got some mixed reviews of which hotel had the best one. Some said Bellagio and some said Caesar and Cosmopolitan. We went with Bellagio as it was the cheapest - $35 plus tax. 

We got there and we were pretty hungry. We saw a long line like one at amusement park or at DMV. The line was so long and never ending we thought the food must have been real good. After an hour standing in line and being recited the story of the movie "Deliverance" by my colleagues who started going cray from hunger, we finally got to the end of the line. When my colleagues started the dueling air banjos, I was like shit..get me out of here and feed me. Oh, I also killed tons of data plan on my phone playing the video of Jeremy Clarkson toppling reliant robin. We got some good laughs I guess while waiting in line. They couldn't believe I thought Jeremy Clarkson is hot and that I had a crush on him. Now, they thought I was the one going cray from hunger.

The whole thing was anticlimactic. We saw the spread and at first, it looked good. However, it just lacked a certain something that made us want to eat. My colleague, Jay, was telling me he would pound on the buffet hard but he ended up with one solid plate. His second and third were kinda sorry excuse just because he wanted to get his money's worth.

They had the carving table of turkey, chicken, prime rib, kobe top sirloin, and sausages. The also served snow crab legs, shrimp cocktails, tons of different seafood salad, mussels, and fish dishes that looked delectable. There was an asian station too serving fried rice, dim sum, flank steak, and wonton soup. There were sushi, salad bar, soups, pasta, etc.

I had a slice of prime rib and it was pretty good. The rest was just ok. The fish were cold and dry. The crab legs were tasteless and dry. The sushi was poorly made. I did enjoy the prime rib and the chicken noodle soup. The dessert bar was kinda fun and I wanted to try them all but I was full from the other mediocre food.

The $35 turned out to be pricy for what we got. It wasn't good. It felt like a crazy hillbilly mountain-man came out of the woods and butt raped us. The dueling banjo started playing as we exited this buffet feeling defeated. Total bust. Time to go back to our hotel and pound some cocktails.笑
Went during Christmas 2013. Paid a premium price and was served ordinary dishes for the buffet. 

Nothing special considering the price and the name that's attached to this place. Only good thing was that they had good options of sweets.笑
I think this buffet is really good, especially their steak and seafood. They offer different kind of juice and wine. I recommend eating there on dinner time, because they will offer fresh crab and scallop, and it's all you can eat. Although the price is a little high, but it's worth the price!笑
Came here solely because I heard they had Beef Wellington. It was completely devoid of flavor. I ate about 3 servings of it, all from different Wellingtons, and none of them were cooked anything less than medium-well. SERIOUSLY?

The rack of lamb was even worse. It had almost a sweet taste to it. Do they not know how to season their food?

Their only redeeming quality was the variety of desserts offered, none were great but they were good and there sure were a lot.

In the end, the desserts can't make up for the hefty $40+ price.笑
Buffets can always be overwhelming since its all you can eat and theres a variety of choices. I've only been to this one for dinner so I can't comment on their lunch options.  The dinner has kobe beef, prime rib, duck, paella as some of your options along with salad and sushi. Theres a lot to choose from so you should be able to find something you like. 
There can be a long line for dinner so be prepared. My friends and I think its worth the $38.笑
This is the best buffet I've ever been to! Although we had to wait in a huge line for over an hour, it was so worth it! The server was constantly pouring us drinks, our glasses were never empty. The food was amazing and there's not a single thing that would upset me. The price is reasonable, the food selection is wide, and the service is wonderful.笑
Crab legs, smoked salmon, frankenberries. Quantity is what a buffet is all about. I had a high protein meal, as you can tell. I ate more smoked salmon than I had in the past year. I had more crab legs than I had in the past year. Since the buffet is so large, it's easy to try foods that you rarely eat.

And for a good reason! Many of these foods are "sometimes foods"! My friends commented on the French toast, which I did not try as I was already getting full by the time I heard about it.

What I liked about this buffet is the variety of above-average dishes (note: I'm comparing mainly to Hometown buffet and Souplantation, and discount Chinese dishes in San Diego) and also the short wait for any dish There are two sections for every dish, so both sides of the restaurant can be easily accomodated. 

Note: This review just pertains to the weekend brunch. I haven't taken the opportunity to chance to try dinner or weekday brunch yet.笑
Maybe not one of the top 3 but definitely one of the most popular Vegas buffets.  Bellagio buffet is large, straightforward, not exactly opulent, but certainly nice and consistent enough to make one feel pretty good about paying the high-ish but rather reasonable price.  

I've eaten here twice in two different trips to Vegas, each time pretty satisfied.  The selections are impressive and mostly good quality, though not any particular item stands out as amazing.  The Asian foods are not so great.  Rather than going for a fun or super posh interior, Bellagio chose sort of a nondescript upscale food court look that gets the job done but is in no way memorable.  

So in sum a solid, if not outstanding buffet.笑
Go for the meat, not for the seafood. Crab legs and Sushi bar was a joke.  Pasta was great. The meat section was diverse but I did not have any. With that said, here is my rating:

In terms of yelp, The Buffet is a three-star establishment for five-star prices.  It's simply overrated.  We paid  $38 for a weekend dinner but I feel like it should have cost ~$28.  Alcoholic drinks extra. The dining room is not "Bellagio" special. The staff is friendly so they must get paid pretty well. I rate buffets by the seafood section but the seafood section here was a large, yet unmaintained, stack of skinny-shaped crab legs.笑
Below average food quality. Everything was cold and flavorless. I would not recommend this buffet. There are other higher quality buffets in Vegas.笑
"The best kept secret in Vegas" is what I heard upon my arrival into Sin City. Sad to say...let's keep it that way. Upon reviewing the Yelp page for this buffet, there's a little blurb saying Vegetarians go nuts for this place. Why?! There's literally nothing a vegetarian can eat except fruit and salad. Even the waffles and pancakes have animal products in them. 

As a vegetarian I ate the salad bar, which was decent and deserving of a 2nd star. The miso soup was disgusting and my boyfriend said the pancakes were gross. For $12.99 you can get unlimited mimosas, bloody Mary's and margaritas. Keep in mind the alcohol they use in these is cheap and will leave you feeling not so hot after. The orange juice used tasted like minute maid. The food doesn't seem to be quality either. 

We had pretty decent service except for the lady at the fruit bar who couldn't seem to understand that I wanted mixed berries despite the fact I told her 4 times. 

I wouldn't recommend this at all. The $20 per person is better spent utilizing room service or going to an actual restaurant.笑
The breakfast buffet was good. Nice variety of hot foods and cold foods. Went two times. Pretty much the same items both days. I thought they would change up and add different items on different days but overall it was good.笑
Awesome experience! 

Food: Everything we had was great, very fresh tasting and huge selection.

Service: Outstanding. We had a fabulous experience here, I asked a question about one of the dishes (I can't have gluten), and the cook evidently told the head chef, you then came out, found me and took me through every station explaining what I could and could not have. 

Cost: In terms of a champagne brunch, extremely well priced (was about half of what another champagne brunch was that was nowhere near as good).

We will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas!笑
So apparently, "Christmas Day Las Vegas Buffet" is a local tradition here in Sin City. I had no idea. I was quite honestly expecting an very nearly empty place with me, a huge spread of food and a sad waiter/waitress. 7AM-Noon was $38, Noon-10PM was $52. I'd pop in at ten, be out by eleven, drop forty dollars, and on the road headed home before noon. Bam. 
     However, when I arrived at ten in the morning for my Christmas breakfast I ran smack into the ass-end of a line. There were people advising of two to four hour waits. I was really looking forward to this part of the weekend, so I stuck it out. Turns out it wasn't so bad. The people in front of me were nice. The people behind me weren't very chatty, but they seemed like nice people. The casino had people give us water every so often, and even people who handed out toys to the kids because it was Christmas day. Well done Bellagio, well done. They were giving back to the people in line. Granted. The toys and water weren't worth fifty two dollars, but still. The thought and gesture was there.
     Two hours actually passed fairly quickly. Before I knew it, I found myself paying for my ticket. I was then seated at a two person table next to another single occupant two person table with a nice gentlemen from Venezuela.  He assured me that the buffet was absolutely worth the wait and price tag. We chatted between trips up to the buffet room. He had a large mound of partially eaten crab legs on some plates at his table.
     Venezuelan neighbor was right. Each trip up to the buffet was incredible. The amount of food and cooking and talent put into the items was amazing. Even the pizza. The pizza was made with truffles. The crappy pizza you feed to your kids because they don't eat anything weird. Truffles. It was downright amazing. I even attempted an Alaskan King Crab leg. Never having had one before, I'm sure I looked like an idiot while eating it. Also amazing.
      Since I had been in line for two hours, I did my best to stay just as long as I could. After an hour of eating nearly all of God's creatures prepared in incredible and assorted delectable ways, I simply couldn't eat any more. The desserts were as beautiful as they were tasty. I savored each bite as long as I could.
     The Bellagio was highly recommended on yelp as the 'most Christmas' of all the casinos. With their amazing Holiday display in the conservatory, I tend to agree. This place is great. Even after two hours and sixty dollar price tag.笑
Bellagio and the Wynn Hotel buffets are two of the best in Vegas.  The quality, and culinary touch is far better than the other Vegas buffets.  Bellagio's interior decor is surprisingly a bit cafeteria styled for one of the better hotels.笑
I had a shit ton of ceviche, calamari salad, shrimp and fruit. Sure there were cakes and fried things, and fatty beefy things and shit and fat and crap and OH MY FUCKING GOD DOES THAT LADY WITH THE FAT APRON HITTING HER KNEES WITH 4 PEICES OF PIZZA, AND THAT BIG PILE OF CHICKEN ON THE TABLE ALREADY REALLY THINK SHE NEEDS 4 BOWLS OF FLAN???

MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO America.

Moo.笑
Best Buffet I've been to in Vegas so far, but that's not really saying much seeing that I've only been to a couple.  They have some pretty solid dishes, price wasn't too bad $40 but let me say one thing KOBE BEEF / Crab legs were amazing, sushi selection kind of sucked, and the desert/fruits were nice and fresh, with that being said well worth the 40 dollars spent.笑
My friend and I religiously played MyVegas (All three versions!) for about 2-3 weeks before our trip. I ended up with 48,500 LP, which let me get a ton of stuff. One of them was the 2 for 1 Bellagio dinner buffet. The dinner buffet is $40 per person, so after MyVegas deal, we paid about $20 each. 

The Bellagio buffet is pretty big - there was so much selection. I have to say, though, the crab, both versions, were super hard to open. I would be nice if they came a little more pre-cracked? 

We arrived at around 5:30pm for dinner - we had woken up super early for a sunrise hot air balloon ride that morning and wanted to turn in early. There was no wait, but by the time we left the line was super long. 

The Bellagio buffet is the only buffet we went to that had poke, which has been THE craze in 2016. I tried both the salmon and the tuna and wasn't impressed. The seasoning was way too light! They did have someone making handrolls on the spot, which was pretty cool. Dessert options were ok - I quite liked their tapioca pudding. 

All in all, I would say a good deal for $20 - I'm not sure if I would've went if I had to pay the full $40 though.笑
I've been three times. Have favorite items each time I come. Love the crab legs and sea food section is well kept and always good. Dessert the creme brulee is just perfect. Love it, try it!笑
Not very good at all. We went for dinner. The decor was lackluster and the food was below average. The service was very good. We were convinced our very old waitress was a former show girl. Only go here if you if you got for free. There are much better buffets with more favorable food, more variety and better decor (ie: Wooden Spoon at Cosmopolitan and Paris Buffet). Was very disappointed and expected more.笑
"Don't expect life to serve you what you expect. Just enjoy the buffet."
― Manoj Vaz

I feel the above quote basically sums up my view about the Buffet at Bellagio:

It's definitely not what I expected, but my family and I enjoyed it nonetheless.

During our recent vacation, my mom expressed interest in wanting to try a Vegas buffet.  I had been to the Buffet at Bellagio nearly 10 years ago and remembered it to be quite decent.  And since we all wanted to view the Bellagio Conservatory, we decided to check off two things on our "to do" list and made our way to the Bellagio Hotel.

NOTE:
1.  The Buffet is near the "O" Theatre.  Follow the signs.
2.  We went for lunch.  $23.99 per adult.

Though it wasn't tremendously busy when we arrived, we still had to wait 5-10 minutes to get seated.  The server took our drink orders and then my mom, brother and I, were off to explore the food stations.

Overall, the selection and variety of the food offerings/stations was satisfactory, but I would have to say that nothing in particular compelled me to return twice to the same area.  Of course, one should always make room or at least try the different cuisines prepared at buffets in general.....at least that's how I view dining at a buffet.

All things considered, my brother, mom, and myself chose items including salads, fruits, pastas, chicken, burgers, vegetables, and soup.  And though all the food was prepared well, the food station that left a lasting impression on me was dessert!  My mom and I sampled various cheesecakes (including seasonal pumpkin flavor), key lime pie, and carrot cake.  Portion sizes were just right where you felt you had enough and were not overly stuffed.  It was definitely a sweet end to the meal for sure.

SERVICE:  It was alright.  The cashier was a bit rough, but the server in the dining room was very friendly and patient.

BOTTOM LINE:  Good variety of food stations/cuisine.  Dessert was excellent!笑
I haven't tried the Friday-Saturday dinner version of this place yet, but I've been there twice: one for the Sunday Champagne Brunch & the other for the "Holiday" Dinner.

In both experiences, myriad amounts of their delicacies, with few of their gourmet kinds, are at high quality & at great taste.  My favorite ones would have to be Beef Wellington, Rack of Lamb, gelato, Key Lime pie, & surprisingly Foie Gras (thank God I tried it here rather than risking moola on some fancy sit-down restaurant), because I think these were the tastiest of everything I've tried.

However, the holiday version was disappointing because my BF and I went there for Friday dinner in December, & it was a bit overpriced for less quantities of the foods served & no "exotic" foods were present there =(.  Plus, it was $5 more than the actual price for the Friday & Saturday dinner.  I would've rated 3 stars instead of 4, but I'm too lazy separating these 2 experiences from one another x).

Regardless, I wanna go there again for that Friday-Saturday dinner & hopefully the stuff I'm dying to try that didn't show up during the holiday will be worth their three dollar signs =).笑
I agree with EVERYONE below. Hands down the BEST buffet in sin city. I tried SEA URCHIN for the first time here... wasn't exactly the best thing I put in my mouth... but I tried it!笑
Thanks for being worth the hype, Bellagio Buffet.  I would've been so ticked off if I spent the last two years hearing recommendations for you for nothing.

I went for lunch, at around 2 in the afternoon, and was seated by a server that stayed upbeat despite clearly being near the end of her shift.  For what it's worth, a smile from a buffet server is nice.  I doubt I'd have the fortitude to do what she does every day.

Anyway, the food selection was massive - sushi station, fresh (and surprisingly good) pizza, and one of the most extensive dessert areas I've seen.  The dessert section alone was nearly the size of Caesar's Palace's buffet.  Decent quality stuff, from top to bottom.  If you want to gorge, go to the most popular gorge spot there is.

Tip - 2 p.m. seems to be the sweet spot.  Any later and you risk running into the "dinner food at lunch prices" crowd.笑
My girlfriends and I had the lunch buffet during our stay in Vegas. There wasn't much visual appeal to the place and the buffet was  also mediocre. Not as great as I thought it would be. There's definitely better brunch options out here in Vegas!笑
All things considered, The Buffet gets a 4 in my books for the following: 

1) VALUE. For ~$33 during dinner time for a buffet with seafood, this is a pretty good deal. For the two of us during a weekday dinner, we paid roughly $75 total. Now compare this to the Ceasers, who charges about $60 per person. We aren't the wealthiest people, so we stuck to what was the more realistic option for us. I must say, it was a gamble because paying $33 for subpar seafood would have been awful. Luckily, their seafood rocked!

2) SALMON & TUNA NIGIRI. They had the freshest salmon and tuna nigiri- so juicy and thick. It doesn't even matter if they 'pack the rice' in the nigiri because you can just make it into the sashimi by setting aside the rice. They also have salmon and tuna poke (cubes of marinated salmon & tuna)

3) KING CRAB LEGS. Keep an eye out for those king crab legs. They also have regular snow crab legs, but the king crab legs have so much meat and just taste so much better. Both crab legs were always fully stocked. They cut the crab legs in half so it is easier to eat. I appreciated that! The melted butter is located in the soup section. It took us a few minutes to locate it. 

4) MEAT. They had the Kobe cuts available that I found to be very tasty. I complemented the dish with their mashed potatoes and asparagus. No other pairings needed! 

5) DESSERT. Holy moly, their dessert really topped off this meal just right for us. Their chocolate dome thing, coffee tiramisu, creme brulee, fruit tart, and ice cream with cookie were all so delightful. Order a tea or coffee to top off the experience. 

I wouldn't give 5 because everything outside of the list above was not that great. They had some hot Asian dishes with rice and Chicken tiki masala, but they just weren't that tasty. This was fine with me though since I came in with the expectation of eating a lot of seafood (ie, crab legs and sushi). If you're looking to tap into a buffet for the reasons listed above, The Buffet at Bellagio is the place for you!笑
AAAAAHAHAHAHA I cannot believe this place has 4 stars

What a joke.  My friend had a players card that had $300 comp for food and drinks so we came here for dinner for that reason.  I felt bad for the people who did not have the Mlife players card because the line was stupid long and the wait was an hour (It was a Sunday night).  

We came in and I basically tried everything.  All the fishes were so dry.  The steak was dry.  And basically all their cakes were dry.  Their seafood was also not good.  I did however liked that they had already opened crab legs for you.  However, they kept running out and would not restock.  Their sushi was terrible.  Sushi rice was also dry.  They had a lot of dessert, but none were very appealing.  Their cheese cake, tasted like cheese cake flavored gelatin.  Nasty.  The only dessert that was alright was the creme brulee.  To sum it up, their food reminds me of one of those low-quality Chinese buffets.  It had those types of desserts.  

As for customer service, they were awesome.  Staff is very friendly and quick.  However, as for food, anyone that say this is the best buffet is an idiot.  $36.95 per person is definitely not worth it.  Glad we did not pay a buck or wait.  The girlfriend said that their food use to be much better and she does not know what happened.  My recommendation is to make the drive and go to the M resort and eat at their Studio B buffet. Its basically the same price, only its all you can drink alcohol plus awesome quality food.笑
The waffle n pancake are good. That's all I can say. No, I wasn't impressed. Lack variety n imagination. Went there again for lunch the next day cos I really want to find out why would so many TV program touted it as 'the ' buffet in Vegas. Nope,  still couldn't figure it out. The sirloin looked dry, so I avoided it. Shrimp tasted like it came out of one those ready cooked bags. Dessert was uneventful.笑
I came out of this buffet feeling very full and very satisfied. Expect a wait, especially for dinner, but the line moved fairly quickly. Prices are cheaper for Monday-Thursday and lunch dining in general. 

There are SO many options. Some highlights are king crab legs, prime rib, pesto mashed potatoes, their huge selection of deserts, lots of pasta options, fresh breads, roasted cauliflower, salmon, poke, and more. They also have a great salad bar, and some alright Asian cuisine options (i.e. Stir fry dishes). Everything I had was delicious. I could not even try everything I wanted to try. Everything I had was good, and the staff does a good job of cleaning up dishes, refining drinks, and restocking fresh food in a timely manner. It is a wonder how they do it all because of the sheer variety of dishes and number of people who dine here. 

Pace yourself, and enjoy the all-you-can-eat (and all-you-can-drink if you choose that option as well)!笑
This is easily my favorite buffet in Vegas. The service is fantastic, the room spacious and the selection unmatched. I always stop here for brunch when in town. Eggs benedict, prime rib, crab legs, sausage and sushi are some of their best offerings in my opinion. They also have really great coffee and dessert. Highly recommended for a true quality Vegas buffet.笑
One of my favorite things about Vegas is the Buffet at the Bellagio.  The prime rib was wonderful.  The desserts were heavenly.  The pastries were some of the best I've ever had.  The pizza was full of flavor and even the salad was good.   
We got in line to wait on the feast.  Just so you know, the line was the kind of line you run into when visiting Disney World.  Don't decide to skip the feast because of the long line.  The food is fresh and delicious.  I like that they only let so many people in at a time.  
Our waitress kept our drinks full.  She took all of our empty plates away promptly.  The Bellagio Buffet is how buffets should be done everywhere.笑
Thank goodness we're Mlife members. The wait for the buffet in the main line was so long. We got there around 5p. We made it in pretty quick. I think we waited 15 minutes or so. The 3 of us cost $116 on a Monday night. You'll have to decide for yourself if it's worth it. 

We sat down at our table and waited a few minutes for someone to come by to take drink orders, but nobody did. So we hit the buffet. When we came back, there wasn't even water at the table. It took them another 5 minutes for someone to take drink orders. If I'm paying this much, I want them there sooner.

With that out of the way I was impressed with the selection of food. My one other issue is that it is so crowded around the buffet it's hard to maneuver around. Especially with kids. They had rotisserie chicken, a ham carving station and Kobe round carving station, prime rib station (they need bigger cuts), and many other carving stations. I was impressed with the beef stroganoff the most. My son loved the fresh jasmine rice and individual crocks of Mac and cheese. The salmon was pretty good. The tacos were greasy. Crab legs seem to be the most popular with everyone. I was impressed with the selection of fish. Mahi mahi, crawfish, salmon and more. I wanted to try the sushi but I was too full. There is so much to pick from, it's hard to eat a little of everything. The desserts are small but there is a lot to pick from. Cheesecakes, key lime pie, bread pudding, ice cream and other pastries. 

The quality overall is really good, but I would have enjoyed it more with less people milling around. I felt like I was at a Walmart on Black Friday. I would never wait an hour for this buffet. We left at 7p and the line had doubled size. Get there early. This buffet is worth trying at least once.笑
I feel the general rule for buffets in Las Vegas is, come early so that you can be seated early. I only came here because Bacchanal at Caesars Palace was an even longer wait. We waited around an hour to get seated, which isn't a good idea when you're starving. And also, it's not a good idea to be starving and eating at a buffet...

The cost was $45 for lunch which isn't too bad. But I think Bacchanal has more options for the same price. They have an assortment of meat like turkey, chicken, ribs, steak, quail and lamb. I definitely recommend the lamb because it was super moist and cooked to perfection. More often than not, the steak gets overcooked and is rather dry. The quail wasn't bad either. In terms of seafood, they have king crab and snow crab legs, salmon and tuna poke, clams, mussels and seafood salads. Seafood is always the way to make the most out of what you paid! I just wish they had more options. The salmon poke was one of my favorites as well. Dessert here is really good too and I recommend the watermelon panna cotta and the cappuccino dessert (if they have it). They also have a taco bar, macaroni salad, mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.

If I was in the area, I would come here again but I still prefer Bacchanal more (since they have oysters and tastier dishes). This place seemed smaller as well so I feel the buffet at Caesar's has more options.笑
After waking up in the morning in Vegas, we decided to try to find a place to eat.  After checking out some of the restaurants, the accountant in me thought, why don't we pay few bucks more and go to an all you can eat buffet?? Before buffets in Caesar's, Wynn, etc. came in, Bellagio buffet was the place to be.  So, I thought I would relive my childhood memory and walked over to the Bellagio buffet.  There was a little bit of a line when we got there on Tuesday morning, but the line moved pretty quickly and we only had to wait about 15 minutes.  

I had thought there was going to be crab here, but unfortunately there was none. (For also the same price at the Aria buffet, you can get crab so I was disappointed by this.)  So, I tried other things,  one of the main things that I enjoyed was prime rib.  I usually do not like meat that is so rare, but this was so tender and delicious.  Dip it in the au jous sauce they have in front of the carving station and it make it so much better.  Aside from the prime rib, I did not really care for anything else.  I tried the pasta, sushi, pizza, and a few other things, which I did not think was bad but not great.  I also tried some of their dessert, which I thought tasted a little too sweet (I know, it's dessert, but I almost thought it was sugar overload).  

With all the other buffet options here, I think that the Bellagio buffet has become somewhat obsolete compared to the other newer buffets.笑
The food is delicious. Not too expensive. Paid $35 for brunch plus $15 for unlimited mimosas on Labor Day weekend. Not bad at at!!! Food is great, price is not too high. Staff is awesome!笑
{Monday- Friday}

BREAKFAST $16                                                
7:00 am - 11:00 am                                   

LUNCH $20
11:00 am - 4:00 pm

{Friday - Saturday}                                                                  
GOURMET DINNER $37                             
4:00 pm - 10:00 pm      
                                   
{Sunday - Thursday}
DINNER $30
4:00 pm - 10:00 pm

{Saturday - Sunday} 
WEEKEND BRUNCH $25
7:00 am - 4:00 pm

{Tips} 

- If you're NOT in a hurry for dinner and would like to save some money, arrive 30-40 mins before Lunch or Weekend Brunch is about to end. Pay Lunch/Brunch prices, and wait for the dinner buffet. You can save some money there. 

- Whether you are coming for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner, arrive 15-20 
mins. prior to when you'd expect to be seated. Usually, there is a line. 

- Sodas, coffee, tea and juices are included with the buffet. Alcoholic beverages cost extra. 

Have Fun!笑
I went to the buffet around 8:30pm on a Saturday. I could not have been more disappointed. For starters, I was excited they offer caviar since it is not an item I get to eat often. I tried the American black caviar which had very fishy taste and not in a good way. I have  tried caviar at the Ritz Carlton buffet on multiple occasions and what was provided at the Bellagio paled in comparison. Okay, let's move on to some nigiri. The sushi rice was horrid. It's temperature inferred that it had been stored in a refrigerator for quite awhile. The rice had a very gummy texture which indicated that it had been overworked in its preparation. The actual fish was average quality but in combination with the rice, made it miserable to eat.  Maybe the crayfish will be better. Nope. Other than being some of the smallest mud bugs I have seen, they had absolutely no seasoning.  Good thing the salmon cooked on the griddle??? was over cooked.....oh.....wait a sec. The Beef Wellington was cooked past medium well making the dish very dry. I also have never heard of pork Oso Bucco which was on the buffet as well. My recommendation to the chef, stick with beef!!!! A question, is any senior chef at the bellagio tasting these dishes?? The paella was a soggy mess. In fairness, the lamb was fine even though it was labeled as leg of lamb yet had rib bones attached. hmmmmmm.  At this point I gave up trying different items and left very disappointed.笑
We tried The Buffet for Breakfast this week, using my points from MyVegas game on facebook.  Breakfast for the 2 of us was $20 and change. (it was a BOGO)

This would have to be the best breakfast buffet we have eaten at in all of Las Vegas.  The server was absolutely outstanding!  Even though it's a buffet, the server can really do a lot to add to your experience.  And she did.  I wish I would have thought to get her name, just so I could give her props :)  The selection of food was incredible and fresh and delicious!   There is quite a bit of thought put into this buffet, right down to your very own little jars of jelly for your toast.  

We completely enjoyed ourselves here, and will be back next year to enjoy it again!

Thank you for a really great experience!笑
The best buffet I've been to ever! There was a long wait and even at $32 bucks a person for brunch, it was well worth it. There was crab and prime rib, and sushi, and all sorts of good foods. I'm not a big buffet person but all the food was hot and not dried out. The servers are attentive.  I suppose we'll always stop through the next time when you're in town.笑
I went on Friday night at 8pm and it took almost an hour in line. Once inside, it seemed the quality of the crab legs had gone down a bit. They were on the small side and not as meaty as previously. I tried the king crab and snow crab legs, and both were tasty. The lamb, mushrooms, and cauliflower gratin? escalloped? were absolutely delicious. The seared salmon, Mac n cheese, and scalloped potatoes were bland, and the beef Wellington was dried out. The sliced cheese was dried out and the fresh cantaloupe not very sweet.Of the desserts, the bread pudding and tiramisu were the best.

Even so, I would have given it 4 stars based on the items I really liked. However, my bf doesn't eat seafood or red meat, and he pretty much didn't enjoy anything that he tried. He said most of it was bland, overcooked, or it just didn't taste very good. The best thing was the orange juice, which was sweet and delicious. We definitely didn't get our $38 worth out of his meal.

I would go back, at an earlier time, and hopefully with another crab leg eater. I've given up ordering crab legs in restaurants at home, because it's usually a rip off. I feel like I can get my money's worth at Bellagio.笑
The food tastes just ok. But service from the staff was very unfriendly., especially that elder lady who works at the entrance line before the cashier.笑
Hands down one of the best on the strip. We tried aria and we're not impressed expect the meats were delicious ......But the bellagio has soooo many choices the dessert and sushi were awesome.笑
So, I've been to the Bellagio buffet before and I thought I remembered having a great experience there although, to be honest, I can't really remember. It was like when I was 5 years old so I guess I might have matured in my taste buds since then. Who knows?

Anyway, the food was mediocre at best, but the choices were so slim I was shocked. I mean, there was a good variety of standard American staples like chicken, mashed potatoes, turkey, pasta, pizza, etc. (although I guess those last two are Italian, but whatever.) But, I was really hoping for unique food items that you don't get on the day-to-day. This is definitely not the place for that. They are way more focused on quantity over quality. They did have a sushi bar, but it was the type of sushi you would find at a supermarket (mostly rice, basic ingredients, blah). 

The one good thing was that the waiter refilled our drinks whenever we needed it (even sometimes when we didn't need it) and a soda comes free with your dinner so you're not charged extra for it.

I dunno, everything was FINE, but for the wait and the price, I was hoping for something great.笑
I've been here numerous times and have always enjoyed this buffet.  My most recent trip left me questioning if I will go back.   I would like to add that in the past, I usually went on a Friday or Saturday, and on this visit, it was a Tuesday.     In the past, the crab legs were slit in half but they weren't this time.  Also, the portions of prime rib that they served were quite small.     Overall, the buffet itself isn't bad but at $35 a person, I feel it's a bit overpriced for what you get.   If I am in Vegas on a Friday or Saturday, I will probably give it another try though.笑
I have never had any bad food from this buffet (2 visits separated by a year), and you have to be impossible to please to find something you don't like.  Some of the desserts could use a little more flavor, but the bananas foster has enough flavor that you feel like you should be drunk after eating it.

The sushi was good, not excellent, but I tried poke for the first time here as well (not a huge fan, but glad it was there to try)  Good quality food on a buffet scale is difficult to pull off, but they do it here.笑
I'm all about maximizing--getting the most deliciousness for my buck, so when it comes to buffets I try to stick to giant servings of seafood with some red meat and dessert on the side. Bellagio buffet is awesome and I leave in a happy food coma every time. Here's the scoop:

Cost: Lunch (till 4pm) is $25 plus tip so $27, Dinner is $37 so around $40 with tip. On the weekends, unlimited champagne is an extra $5. For parties 8 and over they charge automatic 18% gratuity.

Service: Service was nice and friendly, as expected, nothing spectacular.

Food: Come for the food--there is almost limitless variety. My favorites include the shrimp cocktail, crab legs (use lemon from the shrimp cocktail area since there's no sauce), salmon and ahi poke, and the CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES. Basically, come for dinner (since out of my top four, only shrimp cocktail is available at lunch). I'm obsessed with the strawberries covered with milk/white chocolate swirl. The other dessert options are good too--anything with chocolate is basically a winner and the bananas foster are great. The fruit tart is meh. They also have a good pre-made salad section and basically any kind of meat you can think of: prime rib, lamb, quail, turkey, pork belly, etc. Also, the sashimi at dinner is fresh and delicious, only california rolls at lunch. 

This may be one of the pricier buffets in Vegas, but I think it definitely delivers.笑
Oh, dear God, this place was delicious.  I ran out of time (we were rushing to eat after waiting about an hour in line... But I have no complaints... The wait was worth it!!) and room in my stomach to try all of the amazing food that they had to offer here.

My favorite Vegas buffet, for sure.笑
Good value for an early dinner - $35-ish.

Sushi is very basic, but a good hit of fish if you need it.

Standouts for me are the King Crab legs (seriously, sweet and fresh) and prime rib.  If you're really hungry, and especially you're already at the Bellagio, you could do worse than turn here....笑
Not the greatest experience..  Here's why, poor and inefficient managment..  Too expensive (not enough selection of food for the money you paid). My napkin had food and lipstick on it for the last person who used it..  Which made me sick. But one good thing was the food,  the food was well made and full of taste..  Alot of other better buffets on the strip. NOT WORTH THE WAIT IN LINE FOR 1 HOUR AND 45 MIN.笑
I loved this buffet.  I went on a Tuesday evening for dinner and it was great.  All the crab legs i could eat.  Nice plump shrimp, not that cheap peel and eat kind like they have at some other buffets.  I also had some of the prime rib... again, great.  Even the deserts were pretty good.  I definitely will be returning to this buffet when i get back in town.  I had to wait a while in line to get in but it was well worth it.笑
Seriously the best brunch buffet I've ever experienced.  It was amazing that the broad variety of offerings were ALL of excellent quality.  The service was perfect as well.  Come hungry and don't think about the price tag .... It's worth it.  

Special shout outs to the dim sum, lamb chops, crab legs, lobster profiteroles, spinach and gruyere crepes, Peking duck and bottomless champagne glass.  I'll be back.笑
I came here and decided to try this Buffett since I heard it was highly recommended from other people and I wasn't very much satisfied for a buffet especially in Vegas at the Belagio.  I thought Belagio would be more high class for a better buffet but it wasn't.  Their food just seemed normal and some of the pastas I tried weren't really tasty at all.  The food selection I thought seem to lack a lot.  The dessert selection does not compare to Wicked spoon's Buffett inside of the Cosmo especially since they do not have real ice cream and it's the one that comes out of a machine with very limited toppings you can choose (like 4 toppings total).

I will definitely not be back here.笑
I'd actually go with 3.5 stars if I could, but for once, I am glad I can't because it wouldn't be fair to the business.  Here's the thing - my girlfriend and I had just finished the rock n roll half marathon and wanted to eat.  Our original plans were to grab 1 buffet this weekend, and it was not going to be this one.  Unfortunately, the one we wanted to go to was closing by the time the race ended (we were planning on going a couple days prior, but circumstances required us to skip it).  Therefore, we were trying to decide between the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars, or this one.  We chose this one because although we loved the one at Caesars when we were last in Vegas, we wanted to try a new one.  Therefore, we came here.  However, we realized after we paid that we had been here before (we didn't remember going to 2 buffets our last trip) and therefore, should have gone to Caesars, which we preferred, but it was too late.  Therefore, I didn't enjoy it as much as I would have because I was disappointed in the decision to come here in the first place.

As I said, that's not really fair though because the Bellagio has a really good buffet.  Is it as good as Caesars?  Nope, but it has plenty of options and it's all high quality and very tasty.  It's funny, but you are actually not that starving after a long distance run.  I thought I would be, but until your muscles relax, everything is so tight that you can't eat as much.  Therefore, I wasn't able to eat as much as I wanted to.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy one plate full of carved turkey, rotisserie chicken, carved ham, kobe beef, and some potatoes.  Also had another plate of some Asian food and crab legs, and finally, 2 bowls of won ton soup, which was probably the best item (sooooooooooo deliciously salty!).

If I had to complain about something - and lets face it, if you know me, then you know I have to complain about a lot of things - it would be the dessert.  Firstly, no cookies?  How do you not have trays of cookies?  Secondly, a lot of the desserts were just disappointing.  No apple pie or cobbler, only 1 or 2 cheesecake options, no brownies.  They did have mini key lime pies, so there was that, and they also had ice cream, but it was 35 degrees out, so screw that.

Also, the buffet at Caesars serves things in little tapas plates.  So rather than you heaping loads of food you won't finish onto your plate, Caesar's controls the portions.  You can always grab more than one, or go back for more, but if I had to wager, I would say that Caesar's system wastes less food.  If you give me two buffets, and I can eat as much as I want - to the point of bursting and making a disgusting mess - at both, and both serve high quality delicious food, but one wastes less, then I'll go with that one.  Also, if I am being honest, Caesar's has better options, too.

But, just because Caesar's is better doesn't mean Bellagio is bad.  Heck, go to both.  Apparently, I did, but I ate so much I broke my memory.笑
This was the last buffet I went to while I was here.... March 18th. I arrived really early i guess... like 9:15 or so. I guess I was expecting more than breakfast foods, but  it was breakfast time... so I was slightly disappointed there, but not int the food. Definitely not in the food... I ordered some coffee to drink then went up tot he line and got some amazing food. Pancakes, waffles, french toast, oatmeal, grits, all the toppings you could want for all of them, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, chorizo made in house, ham, eggs Benedict, and so much more. They had a station with different bread items, and they had smoked salmon and cream cheese available to make a nice bagel. Some of my favorite items here were the cinnamon apples, the spinach crepe, and the omelet station. Will I be back? Definitely... but I will show up about 10:15 or so so I can get the best of both worlds :)笑
The Bellagio buffet is probably one of the best, if not the best, buffet in Vegas. There is a reason why you will probably wait an hour for the Saturday brunch buffet. The buffet is massive and has offering such as lox, bagels, eggs, pasta, Chinese food, sushi, Vietnamese spring rolls, steamed shrimp, salads, and a good carving station. We also got the champagne Saturday brunch which also featured bottomless champagne for $30 ($25 for buffet only).

The lox were very fresh and not fishy. I wouldn't expect such high quality lox at a buffet, but it was a pleasant surprise. The Vietnamese springs rolls were also awesome. I tried the eggs benedict which were good, as well as items from the carving station. The only miss was probably the Chinese food. It was a worse than hole-in-the-wall Chinese, primarily because of the amount of oil present in each dish and the lack of quality sauces and preparation. Everything else was top notch though. 

This buffet definitely trumps any others that I have been to, including the Paris buffet, which I also liked quite a bit.笑
I was a little disappointed with the decline in quality since the last time I visited this buffet (about 7 yrs ago). I went solely for the king crab legs which were still partly frozen!

The pasta dishes were pretty good as was the salmon poke. The Kobe sirloin roast was tough. The sushi was disgusting. I didn't even try the Chinese food. The salad bar was decent.

The desserts were a disappointment as I know it is one of their strengths yet the chef was not able to tell me which ones contained nuts since my wife is deathly allergic.笑
Having read all reviews, I decided to try Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan and then The Buffet at Bellagio. Boy, was I in for a treat at Wicked Spoon but an utter disappointment (to say the least) at Bellagio.

The prices don't differ much but more should be expected of the $30 Bellagio than the $27 Wicked Spoon (on weekends as well!) This was sadly not the case.

The hype surrounding the crab legs turned out to be a meh moment. True, they were pretty huge. It is easy to mistake brine water for freshness but the texture gave them away. I'd imagined crab meat in its luscious and chewy grandeur but they were more like less than chewy strands soaked in ice and seawater. (Wicked Spoon had limited crab w/ drawn butter and it tasted superior even when I was bloated)

The meat department fared only average imo. The alleged Kobe Beef was definitely not the kind that melts in your mouth. Although Wicked Spoon offers similar stuff, you do get more variety and at least the Galbi and Braised Short Ribs (at WS) were yummy.

Dessert: Oh don't get me started. WS throws its competition out of the window. How can Bellagio even compare? One would expect that the desserts should be worthy of Jean Phillipe Patisserie also in the hotel but that is far from true. The creme brulee was not bad but the cheesecakes and sorbets brought back horrific college dining hall memories. Compare this with: fresh strawberries and bite-size apples coated in amazing chocolate, shots of delicate mousse, a selection of delectable fudges and fresh, flavorful gelato at Wicked Spoon. For desserts alone, WS deserves 5 stars and I have to beat myself up to give Bellagio 2 stars.

2 stars for: the service - efficient although it wasn't the best; the cranberry juice (I would hardly be lying if I said that was the best thing I had all night). 

My only guess is WS is a new buffet building its name and the line was shorter (outrageous!). In a few years, I bet (that's what you do in vegas) the price, line and rating will far exceed Bellagio.笑
Over-hyped. Got here at 8:15 PM on a Saturday night for the "Gourmet Buffet" and waited an hour in line.  When we finally sat down, we saw many open tables because line management is very poor (they were seating strictly in order without trying to find parties to match open tables.)

Food was generally decent but unexceptional and not worth the long wait. Rack of lamb had nice seasoning but the first cut I was given was badly overcooked. "Kobe beef" was a joke - it was a cheap cut of meat, tough, with no marbling, and very very salty on top. I've had real Kobe-style beef, and Bellagio's version was not even remotely close. Quail was good, if maybe a bit light on the seasoning. The rest, honestly, was not really memorable. You won't find any bold or exciting flavors here, but for the most part, the food is competently prepared.

Service was awful. Victor took a long time to notice that we sat down, and he didn't manage to get drinks to our table (only 2 people) until long after our first trip to the buffet.  After that, he never returned to check on us or clear empty plates. I made three trips to the buffet after finishing my drink, and I got a refill only after finally waving Victor down and giving him a dirty/questioning look.  He seemed much more interested in doting on tables with young kids than providing good service across all his customers.笑
I've been to a lot of the major buffets (Caesars, Mirage, Wynn, Paris, etc.) and this buffet is still my all time favorite for Sunday brunch.  I love their omelet bar that has the most variety of items compared to other buffets.  The last time I went there was an individual who was going around making sure all items were fresh, made properly and whatever else they look for.  They threw a whole plate of freshly made french toast for some reason or another, but whatever it was, I'm glad they make sure to give their customers the highest quality of food.  This is a place worth forking out the money for, you'll be glad you did.笑
I had the experience of eating here on May 6, 2010. I did find it amusing that the restaurant was called 'The Buffet" - usually they have a more unique name to it.

Overall - the food was good - especially if you're into seafood. The service was superb - our server, Elger, seemed to keep the drinks flowing magically. Pricing is what you'd expect for a Vegas buffet in the type of hotel - runs about $29.99.

My only complaint - and this is why I cannot give them more than three stars -- although the restaurant is non-smoking (which seems to be norm everywhere in Vegas restaurants now), is that smoke from the casino wafts in - basically ruined my dining experience. I did let the Hotel know about this and next time I go to Vegas, I will try to go back here and reevaluate.笑
Ehh...wasn't too impressed with this place.  If you're a real vegetarian, I wouldn't recommend this place -- I paid $37.77 (18% gratuity included) and basically only had the salad and some roasted potatoes.  Nottt worth it!笑
Kobe sirloin, prime rib, salmon, sea bass, bluenose, swordfish, crab legs... quite an assortment of proteins, but the dessert bar can't compare to the Wynn buffet.笑
Arguably the best lunch buffet I've been to. Got the bottomless champagne lunch for about $28. Prime rib was good. Breakfast food was good. Service was excellent. Seafood was good. Dessert was so-so, but that's not as important for me. I need to try this place out for dinner though. From what I hear, dinner buffet may be the best on the strip.笑
Everything I had dreamed of and more. I was a bit disappointed by the main course buffets (lots of options, but nothing was particularly delicious except for any of the main beef or lamb options), but was blown away by the dessert selection. Of course it helps that the buffet is limitless and you can stuff your plate and eat as much as you want without judgment. Probably as good as it gets when you're talking about a buffet. The service was also impeccable, and drinks were always refilled fast. Also of note, drinks are included! A rarity for many buffets! Alcoholic beverages, though, are sold separately. 

It probably means a lot that I went here 4 times in 3 days...笑
Bellagio buffet vs. the Wynn buffet?  I had dinner at both places on consecutive days and made it a point to go hungry.  The result: Bellagio by tko.

This place has fresh tuna, moist prime rib, desserts with more depth and character, better ice tea, better french sour dough, and a better salad selection.  By short contrast, the Wynn had no tuna, pathetic desserts that tasted oily rather than rich, dry prime rib, nasty rasberry flavored ice tea, and horrible service.

Don't waste your money anywhere else.  If you're going to binge on food to plump yourself up, be nice to yourself and eat here instead.  

One negative was the crab.  They started slicing the crab legs in half and as a result, they've become freezer burned with an iodine aftertaste.  Now the legs are dry and salty.  Why fuck up a good thing?  It's the same at the Wynn.

Tip: Anticipate a line that runs 1/2 to an hour on busier days.  Sometimes longer.  The wait time on my last visit was only 10 minutes so you never know.笑
The Bellagio Buffet was just average. It was definitely better than some of the buffets on the strip, but not as good as others. The selection was decent but then some of the selections were just plain weird. They had beef Wellington with a sign that reads "contains pork." When I got back to my table, I see that they cut back on the beef and added pork loin and ham, apparently to save money. In that case it's not a beef Wellington. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.

Anyway, the service was good. The food was average. But it was a meh experience笑
I read a lot of reviews about this buffet so on our last day I made sure to drop in as we were staying at the Bellagio.

Oh. My. God. This place was awesome! Not only did it have the widest choice of options I have ever seen at a buffet, the quality and presentation was like a top restaurant!

Highly recommend going here if you're after a good feed. Plenty of healthy choices as well but I must admit I gave in to quite a few of those tasty pastries... :)笑
Good food selection but don't go after 9:30pm. The food is picked up at 10:15 so you have to eat very fast. It was not the best buffet I have been to but I was surprised with some if the selections e.g Kobe beef steak, lamb chops.  The chicken tikka masala dish had good flavor but not authentic, was obviously made with a pre made masala mix. Desserts were just ok. Large selection but not great.笑
It's best to sneak in here right before 4 so you can pay lunch buffet prices for dinner and also so the food will be really fresh, as they change the menu for dinner.
There were some "all right" things, but nothing that really knocked my socks off.  The highlight of the buffet was finding that they actually split the crap legs for you, sorry crab legs for you.  But the bad side was that the snow crab wasn't very sweet and the king crab lacked a lot of flavor also.  
The pizza was pretty tasty as far as buffet pizza goes, but it was essentially playing operation trying to reach under the burning hot lights and grabbing the hot tongs without getting beeped by the burn.笑
Over cooked meat. Terrible drinks. It's like if Dennys tried to run a five star buffet.

Pretty sure you pay an extra $30 because they have a cutesy name.笑
A decent buffet, but I expect better from Bellagio. I went here on a Monday evening with a 2-for-1 reward on my MLife account. There was a short line around 6:00pm, but the line for MLife members made it go by quickly. Service was the best I've experienced at a buffet - never had plates cleared/drinks refilled so quickly. 

Carving stations included kobe beef, prime rib, turkey, chicken, and sausages. I liked their selections of pizza, pastas, soups, and breads (especially the pretzel rolls!). Snow crab legs were decent and I appreciate the staff steaming them for me quickly, but I was hoping they would have king crab legs. Made to order tacos...would prefer to make them myself. Chinese dishes were subpar. 

Sushi had a decent selection, but since I can't eat raw fish my only option was the California roll, which was better than most. I liked how they have the option with or without the seaweed wrap. Also liked their condiments, including a sweet soy sauce and spicy mayo. 

Great selection of desserts with beautiful presentation. My favorite was the mango panna cotta. Good toppings for the soft-serve, like Oreo and Butterfinger crumbs. However, was disappointed not to see any gelato or macarons. 

I wouldn't come back and pay full price ($38). I much prefer Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace since they have a lot more different foods to choose from, even with the higher price tag.笑
Yesterday, on Labor Day, my parents and I were dining in at The Buffet at Bellagio. We have spent around $110 for three of us for the Labor Day brunch deal before we purchased it, and we did. As we entered, the atmosphere is very laid-back contemporary made with the Vegas styled Olive Garden and Hometown Buffet twist. This place also has the finest bar inside, so you can have good alcoholic drinks here!

The service is not that bad at all despite the busiest environment for Labor Day brunch and dinner. No problems or issues at all.

Every food and drinks inside are simply delicious, so let's get started for my plate entree choices!

My first plate: basic brunch meal which includes smoked ham, bacon, turkey breast slices, broccolini, rounded steamed potatoes, seasoned potatoes and steamed eggs. So far, it's quite a delicious first plate for me! The broccolini, ham, eggs, bacon, seasoned potatoes are very flavorful to eat. The downside is the turkey; it cooked very well, yet it's kinda dry for me as I ate it.

My second plate: Simple Lunch foods like penne pasta, steamed Chinese style broccoli, slice of lamb with a jus sauce, sushi, and a red velvet waffle. The goods: everything! No cons at all for my second plate choice! The sushi tasted not bad. Secondary, the penne pasta in Mariana sauce also tasted delicious as well as the lamb and steamed Chinese style broccoli too. Finally, the oh moment, the red velvet waffle tasted incredible! I can feel the red velvet flavor as I ate that food.

Finally, my last plate: desserts and fruits. So far, a good yummy conclusion! The caramel flan tasted incredible as I feel the caramel on it. The sugar-free lemon cake also tasted good too. The fruits, the slice of watermelon is not bad. Very fresh and eatable. The downside: the strawberries which it tasted sourly with less sweetness on it. I'm sure there's an alternative way to grab the fresh, sweet strawberries in the future. Overall, a fine conclusion meal!

In the end, The Buffet at Bellagio is the best, and the most simplest buffet that my parents and I are satisfying a great Labor Day brunch meal! A well, worthy yummy visit right here in Las Vegas Blvd Strip! Highly recommend!笑
The line to get in went around the corner and it took about 40 minutes before we were seated at a table.  I have to say, besides the snow crab and the other limited seafood, I was disappointed.  Since I don't eat red meat, the other choices just weren't as good as I had expected.  I ended up eating lots of veggies and a couple of asian dishes that were okay.  The dessert and fruit selections were impressive however.  The service was very good and attentive.  I've definitely been to better buffets that were also a lot cheaper.笑
Buffets are great if someone else is paying, but when you're paying you're usually left with this feeling that you just got ripped off. After a full week of eating at mediocre buffets it was time for a real one. I was originally planning on eating at the Wynn Buffet our last night in Vegas, but we were staying at the MGM Grand had their Prima card. The Prima card is a debit card that you can use at all the MGM properties (which included the Bellagio). It gave us access to the VIP line so we didn't have to wait in that dreadful regular line (@ 5pm on a tuesday the wait was already an hour long). So as far as this buffet goes, its the best one I've been to in Vegas (thus far) and the only one I would want to go back to. I can honestly say that everything that I had (and I had a lot) was great. Yes you can get better food at a regular sit down restaurant but as far as buffets goes it doesn't get much better (I don't think anyways) in this price range. 
Bottom line this is the first buffet I've been satisfied with and didn't feel ripped of at.笑
What've you done or not done Bellagio?  You were the gold standard.  We should have asked for a refund.  Tough chewy meat, skinny crab, poor service. One star because of the desserts.笑
This was my second time eating at the Buffet at Bellagio, There is a lot of different option and I tasted a little bit of everything. Their king crab was amazing even cold. We went on a Friday night and waited for about 30 mins the line was out the door but seemed to go fast. Was a little disappointed our server didn't speak very good English, it was very hard to understand her but she was very patient and kind. We will go back again.笑
First off, from Christmas to New Years the price goes up to around $50 a head - almost 50% for what looks like the same food that they normally serve.  Crab legs are split in half which makes it difficult to separate the meat from the cartilage.  They're also served frozen, and when I mean frozen expect more ice crystals in your mouth than tasty meat.  FAIL.  The "Kobe" beef was served almost well done which would be sacrilege if it actually were real Kobe beef.  The Prime Rib was actually the tastiest meat I had.  I forget which piece of fish I grabbed, but it had the juiciness and consistency of cardboard so I didn't bother with any other fish.  The mussel dishes were also pretty gross - overcooked and dry.  Most of the rest that I tried was pretty average for a casino buffet, nothing that justified the Bellagio premium or the holiday ripoff rate.  I for one will never be returning.笑
Like most of the other reviews I read before my girlfriend and I came here is it's a buffet but compared to other buffets, its one of the better ones.  We went for the champagne brunch (bottomless mimosas) on Sunday and for $30, well worth it.  Great variety of food and the wait staff actually refilled your drinks quickly.  Make sure to get there before 11 am because that's when the line starts to form.笑
This is my favorite buffet at Las Vegas . Best time to go is during the weekend when they offer king crab legs and lots of meat variety including lamb ribs. The best deal you can get is arrive before 3pm so you can pay 10$ less than the dining price and it only takes them minutes to flip from brunch to dinner .笑
o no no no Bellagio...

Coming from someone who has been a devoted fan of the Buffet at Bellagio since the very beginning, it hurts how bad the quality has gone DOWNNNNN! Maybe I'm over exaggerating just a tad bit, but I do know for a fact that they have downgraded on the quality of their meats and crab legs. I mean, it's not THAT BAD - like the Rio which is, in fact, a piece of $hit!! I first started noticing the change a year and a half ago?.. Warned my parents before they made their yearly trip and of course, I was right.

Then I thought, well maybe I should try it again? But it was the same thing. So disappointing... did not enjoy the crab legs as much as I use to. They were a little on the COLD and salty side. The prime rib was dry and full of non flavor. 

Call me bias, but if your crab legs SUCK, you will suck. I mean, who doesn't want crab legs when you go to a Vegas buffet?? 

HOWEVER, crab legs ASIDE, food is alright. I guess the best part of the Bellagio is the dessert station. 

Will I go again? I wouldn't chose it, but I would go.. I just hope they surprise me and kick my 3 stars in the butt... SERIOUSLY BELLAGIO, give me a reason to root for you. thanks.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is always a MUST GO PIG OUT stop. We got there at 3PM and was seated at 345PM. Dinner starts at 4PM so I waited around for the ultimate feast of snow crab legs and sushi at the lunch price. 

1. Snow crab legs VS Alaskan crab legs - I choose snow crab legs over Alaskan any day.. the meat is more tender, less salty, and tastes better with butter.
2. Sushi - only the salmon is worth eating at a buffet
3. Prime rib with a cup of ah ju sauce
4. Jumbo shrimp cocktails, probably the best on the strip with their plump sizes
5. Lamb chops 
6. DESSERT - I always grab a serving of everything... a bite or two of most and completely devouring the good ones. 
7. Chocolate covered strawberries!

I've had buffets at almost every casino and I think Bellagio probably has the best quality for its price. With additional $5.00 you get unlimited champagne笑
When I go to Vegas, I usually go from Friday afternoon until Sunday afternoon/evening. The thing with my friends and I is that we don't eat the first two days there. Well, sorta. I mean we do kinda eat I guess, but our typical meals the first two days are really cheap (think McDonalds or Chipotle) or just alcohol - usually the latter. We would much rather save a trip to the buffet until our last day there seeing that we won't have to be wearing bikinis for the day pool parties or tight dresses at night for the clubs. No shame when we get to the buffet and stuff our faces. 

Anyways, one of my favorite buffets in Vegas is the one located at the Belagio. It's about $25 for the lunch price and I think about $30 for the dinner. For an extra $5, you can opt for the endless mimosas option too! My friends and I typically go around 3-4 in the afternoon because it'll still have breakfast and lunch items, but also that's sort of around the time they start putting out dinner items. Call me weird, but I'll still enjoy bacon and waffles at 4 in the afternoon. 

The food here is absolutely amazing. They have a huge selection to choose from, so you'll definitely find something that will fit your mood. Can't stress how much you should always make room for desserts because they have some of THE best choices to try out. 

Overall, I would definitely go back again. I've been there countless times and despite the long wait at times, I've enjoyed every trip.笑
I had a good experience here... Food was great and the variety plenty My favourite was breakfast with belgian waffles, two kinds of pancakes, omelets. all kinds of muffins and bread with  margerines,I could have lunch with breakfast. The fresh fruit were great too! I am not much of a meat person so couldnt do much justice to them, but I did taste the shrimp, and chicken, and they were good! This is a must try buffet. It is $26 per serson. You can also have champagne with your meal with $5 extra. Check this out for more pics and details http://foodiesnroadies.blogspot.com/2010/12/bellagio-buffet.html笑
After seeing all the raving reviews, I was really looking forward to trying the buffet at Bellagio but in the end, I was a bit disappointed. 

Shrimp cocktail was awesome as well as some of the other seafood selections, but a lot of meat dishes were overcooked, dry, and tough. Good pasta and pizza, but I try to limit my carb consumption at buffets so that I can eat more and get my $$ worth. 

Now on to desserts. My friends and I tried little bit of everything, there was really no wow factor. Everything was a bit bland, even flan and tiramisu. Come'on, how can you ever go wrong with flan and tiramisu? The best ones were chocolate eclair and bread pudding, but not good enough to go get seconds. 

Considering that I came here after not eating for good ~20 hours, I should have enjoyed the food more than usual but unfortunately, that was not the case. 

If this is your first time in Vegas or won't be coming back in a while, then go with Paris, Wynn, or Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan instead.笑
Nice offerings, but overrated in my opinion.  It's definitely a step up from many casino buffets, so if you have the budget for it I'd recommend it as a solid middle-ground buffet.  However, the quality of food is quite the mixture.  It almost doesn't seem to match the elegant feel of the rest of the Bellagio hotel.笑
First time @ the Bellagio Buffet and great experience. Went there on a Monday morning waited about 10 min and the breakfast buffet was $21 not bad for what they offer. From omelette station or your style of eggs, to carving station, sushi, soups, smoked salmon with capers, pizza, sautéed veggies, brown rice with shrimp, fruit station and pastries and much more......very divers. Soft drinks are included in the buffet. They also have an option for $13 mimosas and wine. 

Next time in Vegas I will try it again.笑
Had brunch and dinnr here... Both were great! Eggs were fluffy, bacon crisp, sausage nice and plump... Croissants were outstanding... My favorites for dinner were the shrimp (already peeled and very fresh) and the whipped yams.... Smooth as silk... Too full for dessert but there's always next time!笑
A friend of mine was getting married in Vegas on Halloween, so I felt it was a good enough excuse to go to Vegas.

Months before the trip, I had been researching and reading tons of reviews on different restaurants and bars. I know I wanted to do at least one buffet, and for the most part, the internets told me to go to the Bellagio Buffet. 

Me and my boyfriend went on a Saturday night, and it was pretty disappointing. 

First, we had to wait about twenty minutes. It's not a long wait, but when we finally were seated, we passed probably abut 20 empty tables. I'm not sure if this has to do with being under staffed, or if it has to do with them saving tables for the 'invited guests', but I felt the twenty minute wait was unnecessary. 

Then getting through the buffet line was a hassle in itself. There wasn't a lot of open space between the dessert island and the actual buffet. It was like a herd of cattle trying to make their way to the food. The layout of the buffet is good, it just needs to be more spread out.

And then there's the issue with the carving stations. I think this was one of the reasons why the buffet area was so congested. The people handling the carving stations were half assing it. They weren't working diligently to help people. They would carve some meat for someone, then walk away. Or they would be handling two different carving stations. Once again, I'm not sure if they were understaffed, but it was 6 pm on a Saturday. The Buffet should know to expect a lot of people during this time and should plan their staff accordingly. 

I was willing to ignore the wait and the layout of the buffet, because I felt the food would make up for the wait. Wrong. 

First, I was really excited to try Kobe Beef. I've never had it. So this was the first thing I went up and got. So I bring it back to my table, and the only knife I have is a lousy butter knife. I went up to look for a steak knife, and they didn't have any. Have you ever tried to cut steak with a butter knife? Butter knives are not meant for steak, hence they are called butter knives, and not steak knives. 

Anyway... I was determined to try kobe beef, so I battled on with this butter knife. Wikipedia says that Kobe beef refers to the meat as "generally considered to be a delicacy, renowned for its flavour, tenderness, and fatty, well-marbled texture." At the Bellagio however, the meat was really tough. I struggled with my butter knife to cut this piece of flesh, and when I was eating it, I felt like I was eating warmed up raw meat. It was not tender at all, and I had to chew it a lot. Maybe I'm food retarded, but I didn't think this meat was anything to praise. I didn't even finish it.

Next up, I tried the prime rib. I love a good prime rib. The prime rib at the Bellagio Buffet was very fatty and very generic as far as buffets go. I still ate it, because I like prime rib...but it was still ehhhhh. I had better prime rib at Ellis Island. 

I had some other assorted food, that was all very meh. Yes they have all you can eat crab legs, but they were cold and there was hardly any meat to each leg. Yes they had cold shrimp, but I can get that anywhere. 

The desserts weren't that great either. This was another thing I was looking forward to. I had been drooling over yelp pictures for weeks before I went to Vegas, however, when I was finally at the buffet, I felt like there wasn't as much of a selection from what I saw on the pictures on yelp.

Anyway, this buffet was average. It should have probably been about ten dollars cheaper. If you want good quality  food, you might as well go to a regular restaurant for the same price. 

I will not be returning.笑
While I can't say I've been to all of the buffets in Vegas, this is definitely my favorite so far.  There's just something about the quality of the food that makes it stand out and makes the price worth it to me.  No other buffet in Vegas that I've been to compares so far (I haven't tried the Wynn yet though).  Last week while here on vacation, I had the most delicious experience yet.  The salad section was amazing, the selection of hot foods is great, I specifically loved the Italian section that they had that night.  The carving stations were also really good.  I had the turkey and lamb and was not disappointed!  I also thoroughly enjoyed the dessert section.  Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.笑
While staying at the Bellagio we decided to try the Sunday Buffet. While the price was relatively reasonable the size seemed pretty small for a large hotel buffet. The food was underwhelming at best. The prime rib was overcooked and dry. The omelet station was the standout. Save your money and walk across the street to Bon Ami Gabi and thank me later.笑
Oh my!!! What a waste of money and time.
For about hour and half of wait and $32 it's not much better than Chinese buffet you see any strip malls that cost $12. Saw this place from travel Channel and we make sure to visit when in Las Vegas. Did travel channel get paid to feature this place?笑
Somehow seems smaller than the feed trough at caesars but everything here comes out just right.笑
The Bellagio Buffet was nice. I enjoyed. I wish they had Dungeness crab. The sushi was okay. The lima beans were not all the way cooked. The prime rib was good. There Vanilla custard was excellent, I loved it. They also has a good tasting raspberry sherbet.笑
We went for breakfast. It did not live up to my expectations after hearing so much good stuff. I felt it was slightly better than the average Vegas buffet. My favorite items were the variety of flavored cheeses. Aside from this it was pretty average. Good but average.笑
Great selections of different food.  My favorite was the salmon & tuna poke.  Very fresh.  Ouso bucco & prime rib was tender & juicy.  
We did the 12.99 unlimited drinks & our server made sure it was never empty & you can change it up from sangria to then margarita, good deal.  And I was able to take my glass.笑
Came here for dinner with a party of five at around 530pm on a Thursday.  As usual, no line going in, but a huge line forming when we were done.  At $32/pp, the buffet was still a decent value.  On weekends the  price jumps to $39/pp but its hard to imagine what else they would serve to justify the higher price.  Several dishes really stood out tonight, though a few missed the boat.

* They do have king crab legs for weeknight dinners.  They were fresh and meaty, and very sweet after you ask the cooks at the fish station steam them for you.

* The miso-glazed sea bass with edaname couscous was cooked to perfection.  Perhaps first time a fish was not overcooked at a buffet.

* Prime rib was juicy and cooked well, as opposed to the Kobe beef, which I found dry like leather.  

* Some of the veggies (brocollini, asparagus) didn't seem as fresh this time.

* Roasted soya chicken was a mixed bag, I got a dried out breast while others got a decent drumstick.

*Everyone loved the sweet potatoe purée! Had some spicy kick to it.

* The raw bar was decent - spicy tuna hand rolls, beef tartare on dried bread, and both tuna and salmon nigiri.  Sushi rice fell apart in the mouth- my standard for quality!

* As for desserts, the pecan pie again shined; it's really hard to find a better version.  The Frangelico panna cotta was also amazing with a deep coffee-chocolately smooth texture.  Tiramisu was a bit too sweet however and a bit heavy on the cream and not enough chocolate and alcohol.

Still a decent buffet, but probably a bit behind Wicked Spoon in terms of overall quality.笑
This it the ultimate gluttonous experience and the only way I can rip off the casino!

I was looking for a seafood buffet, came here based on the reviews and was not disappointed whatsoever!

The service is great (clearing the tables & getting your drinks) and everything I ate was good if not great.

The crab legs were good.  I prefer warm but that probably would have dried them out to keep 'em warm.  So they are cold.  I am a big fan of chicken soup and kept going back for more.  It was the best I've ever had in a restaurant.  The desserts are awesome.  They have cheesecake, flan, sorbet, ice cream, custard....and more.  You can get prime rib, pizza, fruits, all kinds of salads, rice....  etc.

I'm going back for sure.笑
Eating at the buffet they day before New Year's Eve was $39.95 plus tax and gratuity per person for my party of 8. WHATTTT! We got to the line around 7:30pm and were seated around 45 minutes later. You'll be tempted to play the slots around the line but they're all $5 slots for a reason. I think the Bellagio itself is beautiful where as the food at the Buffet was just okay. It wasn't worth the $50 in my opinion. I would've given it a higher rating if it had been cheaper.

I enjoyed the lamb and prime rib and thank the Buffet employee who put the lamb back on the heat for me when I thought it was too rare. I've had better lamb and prime rib personally, it was still good regardless though.  Roasted duck isn't quite as good as it is at the stores who have them hanging upside down. The shrimp was overflowing at my table! Unfortunately their delicious crab legs were practically frozen and I had to let them thaw out to eat them. I recommend their chorizo pasta and if that's not your thing, you have a whole sushi section to chose from. Does anyone else like to try every single dessert at buffets?? Pecan pie, fruit tarts, mini cheesecakes, a delicious chocolate mousse, a coconut macaroon, froyo, apple pie, a creamy creme brulee... they were all very appealing to my eyes. Our server was friendly and quick with service. My iced tea and water cup was always refilled and unwanted plates were gone by the time I came back with my next round of food.

On a side note, they can use more stalls in each bathroom. 3 in the womens and 3 in the mens is not enough!笑
Probably the best breakfast buffet in Las Vegas. The fresh omelets are good there is many options to choose from and everything if fresh and clean. You won't go wrong here.笑
Went to the Bellagio buffet with a party of 9.  There was about a 40 minute wait which was not too bad.  The party was comprised of 2 families, if we wanted to sit together at the same table we would be required to pay an 18% gratuity up front.  At a buffet.  Egregious fleecing.  But we wanted to sit together.

My family had never been to a 'Las Vegas buffet' so we were really looking forward to it.

I thought the food quality was good.  Standouts for me were the chicken tikka masala, the beef ravioli, the tuna and salmon poke, mango panna cotta, and cheesecake.

Jill and I bought the drink package as well which consists of all you can drink champagne, bloody marys, 'big 3' beer, or red/white sangria.  I'd not do that again.  The champagne was not good, and the sangria (1 sip each of the red and white) tasted like cough syrup.  So it ended up being $12.99 for 1 glass of bad champagne.

I'm glad we went, but would not do so again.笑
The bellagio buffet was just okay. I'm not a huge fan of buffets to begin with and they had a good amount of food but it was just okay. Nothing I had was something I would seek out again. 

They have the option for just food and the option to add unlimited drinks to your meal as well. I do have to say the best thing I had was the bread pudding and orange juice! Random combo but those were the only things I thought were good enough to get seconds on. Better places to spend your money in Vegas.笑
I told myself that on my next trip to Vegas, I was gonna try one of the nicer buffets on the Strip. My husband & I stayed at Paris, and it was a choice between Wicked Spoon and The Buffet. While I was intrigued by Wicked Spoon's mac and cheese bar, we went to the Bellagio.

We waited in line for about 45 minutes on a Monday night. It was worth the wait. The prime rib was awesome; the Kobe sirloin was even better. The cold shrimp was fresh, and the pasta had lots of flavor. Even the sea bass was good, and I never eat sea bass. I tried four of their desserts: my favorite was the tiramisu. The only thing I didn't like much was the shrimp in the paella, but that's a very minor quibble. 

Overall: great food, our server was really nice, even when she forgot my water, and it was definitely the best buffet we'd ever eaten at (at this point, anyway). It's definitely worth the splurge... although the Friday/Sat. prices seem a bit steep.笑
I won't write much since so many people already have; but this is a great buffet - Lunch is about $21 with tax, which compared to a low-end buffet with terrible food, its worth an extra $7.

Excellent deserts, Sushi was pretty descent (the sweet soy sauce is amazing!).  The sirloin was quite dry, but the shrimp was really good as were the mushrooms, asparagus.  Pizza was good because its pizza but nothing too special.

Wait was standing in a Disneyland-like line for 45 minutes.  The wait isn't that long, but being confined to standing in an un-moving line is very tedious.

The service was great, I actually had a re-fill (or two) for each plate I got.  That is very good service and I really appreciate our waiter's hustle.  They work much harder than some lazy person at Denny's who gives me one refill and only carries my plate away once so tip well..笑
I was in Las Vegas for the first time and of course, wanted to try out a buffet! I couldn't have made a better choice. The buffet at the Bellagio was perfect! I went during the later end of the lunch period (to get a slightly cheaper price) and didn't need to eat anything else until much later that evening. The buffet has everything you could ever crave! They had a variety of pizzas, sliders, pastas, soups, turkey, sushi, oriental food, mexican food, not to mention their desserts. There is truly something for everyone. The restaurant is very clean and the wait staff was really good about refilling drinks, bringing coffee, and clearing plates when necessary. I will definitely return next time I am in Vegas!笑
gross. period. went to bellagio buffet years ago when it first opened and remembered it was really good. had not been there since then so hubby and i decided to try it on our recent trip to vegas and totally regretted it. the food looked gross and tasted gross and i'm not even a picky eater! let's just say this is the first time i left a buffet hungry.笑
The best buffet I have ever tried in a very long time. It is a bit pricey about $27 per person for dinner. I was a bit disappointed at the selection. I thought there would be more selection of food. The wait was about half an hour. Overall, a good place to eat buffet.

TIP: if you want to try EVERYTHING, I suggest taking a biteful of everything! That way, you won't be as full.笑
We came in for breakfast on the second day of our trip (my birthday) and enjoyed our dining experience. Friendly staff and a nice waitress who was attentive and kept our drinks filled. Nice selection of American and ethnic dishes.笑
No idea why there is so much hate for this place. We were there on a Monday night and had Kobe beef, rack of lamb, pork and mussel paetta, and many other upscale options available.  And they were all delicious.

Service is great, as you would expect at Bellagio. And the deserts!! Usually the most sad, disappointing part of the buffet experience, but Bellagio does them very, very well. Was surprised there was no gelato, but the white chocolate nutella cone cups and cannollis more than made up for it.笑
Ok, this is crazy.   I go here on freakin new years eve for a lunch (served until 4pm) and the buffet is closed because of a power outage.   Are you kidding me?   One of the best casino's on the strip doesn't have a backup generator for the kitchen??  LOL, anyway, I never ate at this buffet, but I wanted to!!!    Crazy thing is, right after we heard the bad news of the power outage (really..  the kitchen lost power on new years eve and was closed all day until dinner!!)  - next we find the water show as not performing because of another "technical difficulty" probably related to the outage.  Wow, someone probably got fired that day.  Imagine how many hundreds of thousands that was lost this afternoon.   Really, on new  years even 2012?   Gotta be kidding me guys.    BTW I went over to the rio and they had a great seafood buffet, so at least I had my fill of lobster and crab ;)     wow, my luck power outage at the bellagio buffet on NYE 2012,  really....笑
if you love meat.. come here! they have a quite a few of selections just on meat. 

their seafood selection is the usual, king crab legs, tuna and salmon poke. 

dessert is okay, they've downgraded, in my opinion. I do love their chocolate dipped strawberries!

i also love their wild mushroom soup.

Bellagio's buffet used to be my favorite - #1.. until the day i fell in love w/ Wynn's Buffet. don't get me wrong, i still enjoy my times at bellagio's, just that it's no longer my first choice.笑
3.9/5 I'm a fan because:

1. i love buffets
2. i love seafood & the mussels here kicked ass!
3. all  my friends chowed down on the crab legs so it must have been good. i couldn't eat it cold so i skipped that.
4. over 10 different dessert choices!!!!
5. cheese cold cuts
6. nice, clean, interior
7. waiter was super nice

tips:
-get it line 1 hr before you want to eat! take turns waiting it line while you gamble!
-eat in groups of 7 or less. groups of 8 is an automatic 20% gratuity笑
Over rated buffet i have ever been. Expected a lot from this place but was disappointed at the menu items. Pastry items was below average. Will never visit this place again.笑
So much detail goes into each item at the buffet, it is truly next to impossible to pick only one of each. Kudos to the team at the Bellagio.笑
On my last Vegas trip, we stayed at the Bellagio so of course we had to eat here! I'm surprised I haven't had a chance to try this place (since I pretty much have gone to all the other buffet places in Vegas...)

But anyways, I was here for their holiday dinner buffet. Yes, expect long lines. But the food here is delicious! There's so many selections ranging from prime rib, rack of lamb, snow crab legs, to sushi, dim sum and many more. 

The service here is splendid. Come on now, it's at the Bellagio. I really liked the Bellagio coffee here. My bf though said it takes like any regular coffee (he drinks coffee more than me). Shrugs shoulders. Either way, it's pretty yummy to me! 

I'd definitely come here again.笑
OH Yeah! This is perhaps the best buffet place I have been to in Vegas. I can't say it's the best in the world, since I've never really eaten at every buffet in the world. Regardless I stand by the fact that this is a great buffet. It has a rather long line, but... all good things to those who wait, am I right?

The roasted meat selections are great (prime rib, turkey [free range btw], and if your daring venison). Love their King Crab legs, jumbo-sized shrimp cocktail and all the other sea-food selections they offer. As for sushi... well it's a buffet, what do you expect? Sushi are only good at an actual sushi restaurant.

At any rate, back to the good stuff of this buffet. Pizzas are rather decent, but their pasta selection needs a little more variety. Their salad bar is quite good, but I'm not at a buffet for salad. Still I had to try it since I want to write about it, hence not bad just quite good.

Now the dessert station. Two words, just amazing. They make some of the most creative desserts you will ever taste and they make it in numbers. The flaw is that they don't have a gellato bar. If they only renovate the dessert station to replace the ice-cream machine with a gellato bar, then they will be perfect.

The staff is friendly, but very busy (read between the lines) catering to the hundreds of customers.笑
I remember The Buffet at Bellagio to be more upscale, however my memory must be completely off.  I utilized one of my myVEGAS rewards for a BOGO lunch, and boy am I glad I used that.  If I had paid full price for two lunches, I would've been sorely disappointed.

Being a part of Bellagio, you expect a reasonable amount of sophistication and innovative plates, however they just didn't deliver.  Many plates were bland, and a lot of their food was mediocre at best (cold food, mushy pasta, warm cheesecake).  When waiting in line for the meat, I noticed the woman behind the counter wiping down the wood block with the resting meat using the same rag she wiped the counters down with--grosssss.  

Their food plus their disinterested and apathetic employees was just a turn off.  I expected their buffet to be on par with Bacchanal at Caesar's, but that's definitely reaching.

I don't think I'll be returning unless there have been some changes in the food and the cleanliness in the staff.  It's barely worth it even with the BOGO offer.笑
Disappointed in lunch. Food had no taste, and was not of quality whatsoever. We came here for breakfast before, and it was AMAZING! so much variety at breakfast, with great coffee and service. For lunch though, not a single refill on any drinks, and again tasteless food. We usually do not complain to the waiters, but I do hope they improve this. Maybe it was just a bad day, because again, they had a great breakfast.笑
This review rates MULTIPLE restaurants from a recent trip, so KEEP READING!
Ate an early lunch (1015 AM) at the Buffet on a Friday.  Stood in line almost an hour.  HIGHLY recommend using the MLife cards, because, at higher levels, they allow you to zip through the express line (average wait time under 5 minutes.)  Cost was $32/person, which was a GREAT deal for the food provided.  They were still serving breakfast (including omelets to order) and had lunch items out as well.  Nice mixture of meats, including boiled shrimp, prime rib, etc. The crab legs are ONLY out for dinner, which is priced higher.  The arrangement of the buffet line was more for show than for efficiency, and the odd design created lines/choke points, which should have been unnecessary.  I would eat there again, and wished I'd had a chance to try the dinner menu.
At the high end of the spectrum is the Bacchanal buffet in Caesar's Palace.  If you are looking for an OUTSTANDING buffet, THIS is THE PLACE TO EAT ON THE STRIP!  Everything about it was classy and efficient.  I had never seen crab served like they did there, but it should become the GOLD STANDARD for buffets EVERYWHERE.  NONE of this crab piled high on a steam table and watching people in front of you cherry pick their crab legs!  Instead, you walk up to the counter with your empty plate and hand it to the cook.  He takes the lid off a huge steaming pot of submerged crab legs (BIG ONES, TOO!).  He stacks them on your plate, puts another plate on top, tips perpendicular to the floor (i.e., to drain the water), and hands you your plate.  The legs and claws come split, so the meat is very easy to remove--NO cracking required!  Just dig it out with your table fork, dip in the melted butter, and enjoy!  On the downside, the split ones COOL QUICKLY, so I recommend you first draw your butter, get ONLY ONE LAYER of crab legs on your plate, and RUN back to your table.  Eat ONLY crab, and as you consume the last one, it will be approaching room temperature.  Then repeat the process.  (I went back five times using this system!) Buffet costs $60, but I easily ate that much in seafood, lamb, homemade crepes and other desserts.
By comparison, the "Craving" buffet in the Mirage should be avoided AT ALL COSTS!  It was absolutely DREADFUL!  Cost for dinner was $25.  Paid $2 for a coupon at the TIX4TONIGHT booth (across the street from Bellagio, outside the Planet Hollywood hotel and mall) for a net savings of $8 off the ordinary $33 cost.  The only thing I was CRAVING was the nearest EXIT, from the MIRAGE of a decent meal.  Imagine "Ryan's Family Steakhouse" or "Golden Corral" on a BAD DAY!  The crab was way too salty, and had been overcooked the point of paste.  Even the made-to-order pasta was tasteless, and the cook was only able to cook ONE skillet of food at a time.  SHOOT ME NOW!
If you enjoy TEXAS fare, "Gilley's" is attached to Treasure Island and is EXCELLENT!  I'm from TX, and the BBQ and sides were OUTSTANDING!  The Cheese Grits MUST be consumed with any meal you order!  Babyback ribs were meaty and cooked just right.  Extra sauce at the table. 
If you want to eat cheaper, there are SEVERAL chain-type (Little Panda for $10) up to white tablecloth, authentic Italian restaurants (Lambardi's for $40--but AVOID the REFRIGERATED! Crème Brule) good places in the LARGE "Miracle Mile" mall across from the Bellagio and next to the Planet Hollywood hotel.笑
Ten years ago, I would've rated this place 4-5 stars. It was more impressive with a lot of variety. Today it's clear that they cut down on costs by not having as much to choose from. With that being said, the food that they did have was excellent. There was never a time where I thought the food tasted like "buffet food". It was restaurant quality all the way. 
As for the desserts, I'd come here just for the desserts alone! The bread pudding and vanilla custard ice cream were the best I've ever had. I would pay an arm and a leg just to buy it in my city. Every time I'm in Vegas, I'll make sure to come back just for that.笑
Oh how the mighty have fallen, I came here like 3 years ago and the buffet was decent but after spending 5 nights at the Bellagio and getting comped for the food there I ended up eating here quite often with my friends. Let me just say that the buffet looks really nice, they have great presentation however the food tastes bland and just not that good, if you are a vegetarian DO NOT go to this buffet, but my friends who ate meat also did not like the food here, so my review is based upon both veggie/meat eaters perspective. Try the buffet at planet Hollywood or the Wynn they are much better.笑
After so many years, this is still the best Vegas buffet!  It's ~$35 per person for weekend dinner, but I think it's definitely worth it.  They have both Snow Crab AND Alaskan King Crab legs that are already pre-cracked for.  Their selection of red meat is also much better than the other buffets, including Kalbi-marinated Ostrich, Prime Rib, Quail, Pork Loin and more.  And don't forget to leave room for a plate or two of desserts.  All the mini-sized desserts are delicious and just the right portion for when your stomach is starting to run low on space.  Be sure to get there around 5:30-6pm as the line does start to build up later on.笑
Out of all the high end price buffets on the strip unfortunately The Buffet at Bellagio was not up to par with the big boys. The dinner price you pay plus the brand name/location would have expected better. Side note work at Bellagio never once been to the buffet when off work and always knew my gut instinct was right. Maybe I was harsh cause work at Bellagio or been to Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon (lot of yelpers feel trending top two buffets in Vegas). The size is nothing compare too the other two. So the selection not as great! The spot they had the sushi never even caught cause in odd placement. My friends that went with found it second go around. The whole time thinking got my first plate very very odd cause sushi almost given on buffet on the strip. The selection very similar to any current buffet each section focus on one style cuisine and usually couple craving stations plus given cold seafood on ice. The craving stations is the ONE thing that stood for me with The Buffet at Bellagio. This was the first time I could honestly say the prime rib was SOOOO on point. I had two servings and my friends visiting same page like impressed. The meat was cooked medium rare, awesome seasoning not need soak in in au jus for flavor, and nice hot. Another craving section with two kinds of sausages chicken sausage and regular pork. I got little of both. Both tasty. The craving station nice clean not pile of meat building up over course of the night. At Bacchanal that was gross see too much meat, excess on the board, and just mess. The crab legs like the fact bad king crab legs instead of the snow crab legs. It easier get the meat and get more meat for your effort. If you want your crab legs heated up just ask the cook they do it for you. Maybe odd time or what not we went early nice no line just walked straight in.

The dessert selection flat out the worst. Nothing much choose from and the whole look terrible set up compare to the other top buffets. No eye appeal no desire get dessert but had to cause at buffet. The flow of the buffet kind of odd. The salad section was really weak not lot of fresh or good looking topping choose from besides the green looking on the sad side. 

The craving stations were the star of the show. Overall say if going spend money on dinner buffet on the strip last place would choose.笑
Went here for the breakfast buffet on my last day in Vegas and I was completely blown away!!! Overall I had great service and the food was excellent, but what stood apart from any other buffet I've been to, and I've been to many, was the ham that they served! It literally looked like one giant slab of unsliced bacon that was cooked with a whole lot of lovin! The carver dude served me up 2 slices of it and I was literally in Heaven! It was so fatty yet juicy and soft... OMFG... thinking about it makes my mouth want to have an orgasm! Hard to honestly say how great the other items were because the ham trumped everything by far!笑
Coming to Vegas I was told that Buffets are a very popular attraction. Yes those were the words used to describe buffets. Furthermore, brunch is extremely popular on the weekends. So, in light of all the hype, my group and I went here for a Saturday brunch. 

My father was the one who recommended the Bellagio to me. For brunch, they offer a champagne breakfast. Unlimited mimosas and champagne with your brunch for $12. Naturally, I was curious and decided to try.

Just to be clear, buffet here, even without the champagne add-on, is expensive. This place is NOT for those on a budget. That said, I find with buffets, all you need is to eat at one and you are good for the rest of the day (with snacks here & there).  So we go to buy our meal "tickets" and I agree with other yelpers that the service here SUCKS. The lady was rude to us. And the couple beside us buying tickets received even worse service. They didn't speak much english and the lady serving them was getting annoyed at their questions. 

Despite that situation, we were excited to try out the buffet. Once seated, we got our drinks and our server was amazing. He was serving so many people yet we never had empty drinks and he was constantly on the prowl to pour us more water, champagne and juice. 

As for the fun part... THE BUFFET :D

loved it. I can't say it any other way. Oodles of selection and the food was GOOD. I find some buffets just offer stuff without much flavour but hey! At least you leave full. At Bellagio, you leave satisfied, full and happy after eating all the good food!

Fruits, veggies, sushi, meats, cheese, pizza... and that's just the tip of the iceberg. There's everything and you HAVE to go to the dessert area. ooooooomagosh. Everything and anything is three different flavours. 

Other than the cash service, our experience was great.笑
$77 dollars for two of us on Sunday the 25th of November and the food was not worthy of a 10 dollar breakfast anywhere in the country. Everything was cold, under cooked or over cooked. We gave up on breakfast and tried the shrimp and crab legs just hoping to try to get something for our money. The shrimp were good but the crab legs were frozen. Needless to say we ate about 10 bucks worth of shrimp and left. I have to say I was very disappointed and left angry that I just paid a premium for really horrible food. I would never go back. Do yourself a favor skip this and go anywhere else.笑
The food was ok,  desserts were ok.  Nothing great, didn't walk out saying ok that was worth my money!笑
*3.5 stars*

My DB wanted our last hit of our Vegas trip to be the Bellagio Buffet for brunch. I was prepared to pay something like $16.99, but I guess it was a Labor Day special and it was also Saturday, so the per head cost was $29.99 without the champagne.  So we were a little sticker shocked.  We were in line quarter to 11A and there was a hardly a wait - thank god! 

While we were being seated, I remember thinking "How the hell am I going to eat $29.99 worth of breakfast items?!"  Well thank god for their prime rib, cuz it was SO DARN DELICIOUS! I really don't expect a prime rib to be that yummilicious from a buffet, but I was really really impressed!! The portion they cut out  were very generous, that I looked a little surprised when the carver said "Is that enough?"  Let's just say, I went back for seconds.  If there was room in my belly, I would've gone back for more.   I thought the sushi was good and fresh, nothing special about it was they were just the california roll types.

I did notice there weren't that many vegetable options....wish they had more veggie, like roasted veggies to go with my prime rib.  So less half a star for that.  

I would've given Bellagio Brunch Buffet  5 stars, but I was a little disappointed with their desserts and believe me, I took a plate of each one except for the chocolate cake!   The cheesecake and the key lime pie were too soft for me, as if they were sitting out too long. I like them a little solid, but not rock hard and definitely not mushy.  Not to mention, I was sad they didn't have any chocolate chip cookies without nuts.  boooo I could've used one too! There was only one dessert I liked and it was some puff pastry/wafer  thingy with creme.  

So that's why I'd give them 3.5 stars. 1 star for the desserts and less 1/2 for the lack of yummy grilled  veggies. (Did I just miss them? I wonder)

Forgot to give props to our waitress, she was the bomb!! I wish I took her name. She was so on it...even when she knew it was dessert time that when I got back to my seat, she poured a hot cup of coffee for me. :)笑
Champagne brunch at the Bellagio on Sundays = pretty fantastic! Don't plan on doing anything afterwards because with the amount of mimosas you'll have consumed (they keep them coming) you'll need a nap after this brunch. I've been 3 times now and the food is always excellent. They have breakfast and lunch foods, and the food is nicely varied. The dessert bar could give anyone a sweet tooth (or diabetes) and the salad bar look super fresh. Do yourself a favor and go just once to say you've gone.笑
We were this place during super ball time, the food is ok , service is good . Nothing impressive Alittle disappointed !笑
A little disappointed - went for dinner on a Wednesday night and waited about 5 min in line before being seated.  I ate about 4 plates of food and here is what I think:

ENTREE
- kobe sirloin is a bit dry even though it was cooked to medium
- leg of lamb was pretty good and juicy, except the mint jelly was on the counter by the heat lamp so it was more like mint soup
- prime rib (got 2 servings cuz the first cut was rare and the second cut was medium well) -- where is the medium rare cut?
- crab legs - had both king crab and snow crab, nicely cut but a little bit on the salty side - can't complain about crab legs (and it's hard to mess up crab legs sitting on ice)
- had two different fish (one was sea bass) - it was decent
- ahi and salmon poke had good flavor but the fish tasted a bit mushy
- sauteed bakchoy was delicious (i actually ate about 6 or 7 stalks of it) - cooked just right, not too raw and not over cooked, salted just right

sad to say the rest of the entrees didn't really interest me and I skipped the salads

DESSERT
one thing i enjoy most about buffets are their dessert because they come in bite-size portions and a wide variety of selection but nothing I had today was 'to-die-for' - meaning I wouldn't care for seconds.  Don't get me wrong, the stuff was good: creme brulee, flan, little creamed filled waffle cones, mille feuille, ice cream, cookies, fruit tart.  I had them all :)

The last time I came to Bellagio's buffet was back in 2003 on a weekend and it left a lasting memory.  So maybe it was my mind playing tricks on me after 8 years, but it wasn't as good as I had remembered.笑
Love Bellagio Buffet, especially the champagne brunch
So much better than any buffet that I have ever been to before笑
Best hotel buffet on the strip!! Better than the Wynn's (even with the gelato and candy apples), Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Bally's. 

The beef wellington is SUPERb (my bro can't wait to try it)as is the carving station with prime rib and turkey. The desserts are great with a lot of quality selection.  Pastries are good as well. =) Happy eats! Can't wait to go back! About $50/per person-not sure if it's still that price. Last time I went was at least 2 years ago.笑
What a HUGE disappointment!!! Found this online and decided to go because we wanted crab legs and it was only 33 dollars per online. When we arrived it was actually 40 dollars no explanation why?!  We ordered unlimited sparkling wine and we were almost done with dinner when we got our first glass. Our server was nice but in the weeds. The crab legs were served cold and were broken in pieces and looked like scraps from the trash. When I asked the cook he said yeah these are terrible they don't usually look like this??!!笑
I went to the beluga buffet last week for my wife's birthday.  The price for the brunch buffet on a Monday was 25 dollars for locals.  This is very affordable for a breakfast buffet and the food was amazing.  

I went in hard on all of the food and ate a little bit of everything including:  strip steak, an omelet, eggs, sausage, bacon, mini sliders (delicious) and then splurged on desserts.  

The pastry section extends around 5 long tables and ends with an ice cream/ froyo dispenser.  I got ice cream and crushed chocolate and vanilla eclairs on top, threw in the most delicious bread pudding I have ever had, and some oreo crumbs to top it off.  

I will definitely be coming back to the Bellagio buffet and was extremely impressed with the quality and variety of food.笑
$50.00 per person to eat here. I was hesitant at first and was like WHY NOT, I AM IN VEGAS. There isn't much to choose from the buffet but it was pretty good. I thought that crabs were super salty and I wished they have more of a dessert selection to choose from. The buffet overall was ALRIGHT. Not the best, I still prefer the World's buffet over this. At least they have FRIED CHICKEN which was something that I absolutely craved while in the Bellagio's buffet. Also, they have NO RESTROOMS there! What the heck is that?笑
I must say, I was a little disappointed with my Bellagio buffet experience. I definitely expected better. I came for dinner and they had a good variety of food, but I actually expected more. The crab was only okay, nothing spectacular.  The prime rib was quite good, juicy and tender. I also tried the crab cakes which were surprisingly good. I would also reocommend trying their sushi and especially the salmon poke. The salmon poke was probably the best thing they had at the buffet. Other than that, I was not too impressed with the dessert selection. There wasn't a lot to choose from and there wasn't really anything special or unique.

So overall, the buffet was still pretty good but not amazing. Wicked Spoon is still better!笑
My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio for two nights, and on our last night we did the Buffet at Bellagio for dinner. We had a 2 for 1 coupon, and I am glad we had that deal because it was an average buffet at above average prices. There were single parts of the buffet which were delicious, like the sushi bar and the desserts. Nothing else really stood out, which was surprising to me because they were serving Kobe beef and crab legs(which we came to find out were served cold). 

We both agreed the best buffet we've had was at the Rio, definitely more bang for the buck there.笑
I've been here twice now and the food is delicious. There is a big selection of seafood and innovative dishes. The dessert is also amazing. As someone with a huge sweet tooth it was hard to ignore on my first round through the buffet, but I managed. The presentation of the desserts was beautiful and they tasted great too, especially the bread pudding. 

The most recent time that I went, we went because we remembered there being sushi. Unfortunately, there was yogurt and fruit in its place and they started setting up the sushi section as we were leaving.

The service of fabulous. We were there for the unlimited champagne brunch ($5 extra). She joked around with us, cleared our plates, and made sure that our champagne glasses were always full.笑
This place is really overrated.  I don't think there is anything special about this buffet.  Food is mediocre; selection is not the most varied I've seen.  Service is horrible too; I waited 20 minutes just to get me a cup of water.  The price is not that bad for brunch though.笑
Pretty disappointing. Waited in line for 30 minutes.

Low quality food.  Tough prime rib.

Sushi was disgusting. Very fishy.  Prepared in advance and refrigerated. The rice was cold and hard. California roll and cucumber roll?  I thought this was a high end buffet. Where are the fish rolls?

I've had comparable food at a Denny's.笑
Good prime rib and king crab legs. Also have Kobe beef but I was sure it was not real Kobe. Very chewy. Other stuffs are just Ok. Desserts are a little disappointing. Overall, better to pay 37 here than 51 at Bacchanal buffet.笑
my favorite regular buffet love the kobe beef and the mash potatoes ! and they have a good amount of desserts here.笑
I had a nightmare at this place! Never go here PLEASE ! Long story short, my husband and I went here for our Easter break vacation. The Bellagio Buffet was totally  disappointed us! Horrible service and awful food. Believe me, trash food for the 100 bucks, hell.笑
I went on a weekday with a group of 5. The line was pretty long, it took us about an hour to get seated. The buffet for dinner cost $37.82 and that's not including tip. You are looking to spend at least $40 per person for dinner.

As far as the food goes, there was not much selection. My whole group was actually in disbelief to see how little selection they had for the price that we had to pay. The steak and cheesecake was good but nothing extraordinary was here. On top of that, the ice cream machine was broken which made me a little sad :(

For $40+ there should at least be free alcohol if the food is not up to par. You can find these same selections at a normal buffet and end up saving $30 a person. The 2 stars are for our waiter who was excellent. He made the experience much better and was very attentive to us. Overall I would not recommend this place and probably will not go again笑
Stayed at the Bellagio for my 2nd year anniversary. My husband and I decided to eat at the buffet. The line was long but the didn't bother us. $35 a plate that didn't bother us either. The food was absolutely disgusting that bothered us! Omg everything was dried out nothing seemed to have a taste. The food was not cooked with love it was just thrown together because there were so many people to serve. I will not be going back and I wouldn't recommend.笑
Still my favorite buffet every time I visit.  Like another reviewer wrote, if you love Alaskan king crab legs, this is the place to hit.  They were pretty big and already cut in half so digging for the meat was fairly easy.  The creme brûlée goes fast so get it when they come out.  A large selection of food.   Definitely worth the $$$.笑
I really like buffetts and this one I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVED. 

Most buffets will churn out standard variations of dishes and serve them. This place, completely the opposite. They had tons of weird sounding ethnic dishes. They had pasta dishes, seafood dishes, chinese dishes, italian dishes, etc. You'd have a real hard time sampling everything the buffet has to offer (I couldn't do it)

On top of the massive amounts of food, they also have a bread bar with dozens of different kinds of bread as well as their dessert bar which was tons and tons of chocolate, cakes, and other assorted stuff you'd feel guilty about eating. 

The line for this place is always LOOOOOONG. I had to wait about 45 minutes and it was around 7:30pm when I got there. It's about $30 which is totally worth it considering the kind of food/desserts you get. Normal drinks are included although I'm not sure if alcoholic drinks are included. 

Servers here are pretty top notch and get in you and out pretty quick. If you're in Vegas, stop by the Bellagio for the fountain show and then come in to the buffet for some real good eating.笑
I went to this Buffet a few years back and I really enjoyed it. It was pricey for a buffet though. We didn't drink because the mimosas were expensive and we were hung over anyway. So on to the food. I loved the pasta selection. It was really good and the sauces were delicious! I'm picky about Chinese food so that's not something I would eat at a buffet. The crab legs were delicious. The selection of food and desserts were good overall.笑
I have *never* asked for a do-over for any meal I have eaten.  Usually, things are either good, bad, eh, delicious, mind blowing etc.

But the breakfast at the Bellagio buffet was freaking amazing!!  So you ask, what is up with the do-over request?  You see, although everything was amazing, it was nothing compared to the little chunks of steak (add eggs on top if you wish) I found on the hot line.  At first, I was hesitant b/c small steak pieces usually mean dry or overdone steak.  Not here...this was probably the softest, most tender, perfectly medium-rare cubes of steak I have ever consumed!

On top of that, they probably have the freshest selection of fruit out.  So my do-over would include bowls of their fresh berries (blueberry, raspberry, strawberry) and lots of red meat.  For those 2 items at the Bellagio buffet, I would be willing to sacrifice all the other amazing buffet items they had to offer!

DESSERT TIP:  We went at 10am and got the cusp of end of breakfast and start of lunch (which begins at 11am).  The buffet is open non-stop all day, so by 10:45am, they start weening down the b-fast items and lining up their lunch items, starting with dessert.  We were too full to eat any of the desserts, but they looked DELISH!笑
Not worth the price ( $75 pp + tax ).  The selection of food was vast, but the quality of food was poor and full of MSG. The best part was the desserts, the only reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not 1.笑
This buffet is outstanding.  It's one of the best in Vegas.  I wouldn't say it is the absolute best, but definitely in the top.  

There's a long wait to get in - no reservations for a buffet - but it is worth it.  Once you get in, there's a fabulous selection of food and many tables.

They bump the pricing when it's holidays or during peak seasons.  I've been here for breakfast for $21 on a Sunday and they were asking $40 during the holidays. 

I've been here for lunch and had different foods for the first time like shark.  They serve American, sushi, Japanese, Italian and Chinese dishes.  They serve mimosas for brunch at an extra charge so tell them if you want the bubbly or not when there in the morning.  The dessert options aren't that great.

They offer unlimited drinks now for $12.99 and that includes alcohol.

The food is clearly made fresh and throughout the day.  There isn't a line to get your food, per se, as there are various stations to walk up to.  Some have chefs to serve you and others are self-serve.  The staff that clear your plates and provide beverages are fast and not always   friendly but they are polite.

The atmosphere is good.  The restaurant has the buffet look and feel obviously from the way the tables are set up and there's a lot of beige but you don't mind as much due to the good food.

Try it out during a Friday or Saturday night for dinner, when the best food is served in my opinion.  They whip out several types of caviar, sushi, Ahi tuna and other food you don't see at a typical buffet.

Food: 4
Service: 4
Ambiance: 3
Parking: 4笑
$40 a head including tax. Unlimited non-alcoholic drinks. There are sections of the buffet categorized by cuisine type: Japanese, seafood, Mediterranean, Italian, Chinese, continental, bread, breakfast, and dessert.

The crab legs seemed to be the biggest hit, but my favorites out of everything I tried were the Japanese black seaweed salad and beef wellington. The chocolate parfait dessert was really good too. My friend and I went through three plates of food a piece and split dessert. Mmmm, banana fosters.

I suggest making a lap around first and devising a game an as to what you want most. Then categorize your plates by cuisine, avoiding mixing Italian with Chinese.  As much as I tried to downsize my portions, I didn't have enough space for everything.  I'm sad I didn't get a chance to try the prime rib, rack of lamb, and breakfast. 

Nonetheless, the buffet offered a lot of high quality food. If you look around, you notice that each person that serves each station is from the same ethnic background as the cuisine they host.  This buffet hit the spot and put me into a nice food coma.笑
The only reason I didn't give this place a 1 star rating is because they had a good selection of fresh fruit - I took 2 apples, and 2 bananas with me when I left (I paid for it, I was just going to eat it later) and because they had amazing bathrooms, plus there was no line to get in. First off, we get there and get seated, and I place my carry-on bag (we had just flown in and it was too soon to check in, and I needed stuff in my bag) in my chair so I can go get my breakfast. I come back and take the bag out of my seat and find that the bottom of my bag is now stained with raspberries! The stain is still there, it won't come out, and this was October '07. So if my bag had not been stained my pants would have been, since the raspberries were in my chair. So minus a point for not being clean - the floor was also covered in crumbs and small bits of trash (messy eaters or kids). Anyway, the lines for the food were insane, so my husband and I thought the food must be really good. I will say the waffles were amazing, but the eggs were runny, the biscuits were ok, and my husband said that the bacon and coffee were not good. Speaking of coffee, it took forever to get a waitress to take our drink order. Our waitress disappeared for most of our meal after we got our drinks, so we didn't get one refill. I think I ended up eating a bowl of cereal, a waffle, and half a biscuit - definitely not worth what we paid. Maybe dinner is better, I don't know. I would say skip the breakfast buffet and maybe come back for dinner....and let me know how it is because I really don't want to give them any more of my money.笑
Every time we go to Vegas we eat at the Bellagio buffet.  The only gripe I have about this place is their sushi selection.  All they have are badly rolled masses of rice with mediocre stuffing.

I love their salad bar, their dessert selection is comparable to other places- nothing special.  

Their shrimp is always good, I love the polenta, ribs, beefcubes and their bread.  I wasnt too impressed with their 'kobe' beef- its not available everytime but the one time they had it, it was done wrong. Wasnt too crazy about their lamb either.

I loooove their coffee, its definitely gourmet.  Yes, the lines are long, thats why its wonderful to be a VIP.

so for the price, its worth to try it at least once.笑
We did brunch on a Sunday, and waited an hour to get in. Not too bad considering the line ended right at the guest elevators. We were a little confused at how some people had like skip the line passes or something, and unlike some other buffets you can't skip the line even if you are a guest....boohiss! Food was good, lots of choices, more than Wynn IMO. We did wish that it was laid out better, like all against one wall so you're not just surrounded by food and people. It seemed a lot more overwhelming than the buffet at Wynn, but that could just be because there were tons more people at the Bellagio brunch. Our service was just all right, it got better once our waitress ended her shift and was replaced. Bathrooms: there should probably be more than 3 stalls since the room holds about a thousand?? The atmosphere is a little lacking, resembles a nursing home we thought. Overall, a must try!笑
Heaven.  Heaven.  Heaven.  With lots of food.  

That's how I feel about The Bellagio Buffet.  

Oh my gosh is the food good.  I went for lunch and ate enough to feed a small country, and it was worth it.  

The selection of food is okay, but what gives it 5 stars is their pasta selection and taste.  Oh my.笑
I'm very disappointed in the way I was treated by our cashier Rose D. She is so RUDE I don't understand why Bellagio would have someone with no class working for them. My family and I have been staying at Bellagio for over 14 years, we are the regulars here. So we get in the line for the MLife guests, she happens to be our cashier. My sister wanted to buy my breakfast today so my sister gave her debit card but wanted to put the rewards on my MLife. This woman Rose in such a rude tone slides the card at me and refuses to give my credit because my sister is buying. 

I know that as long as the person paying gives consent to use my card then it's all good. Either she doesn't know the rules of her job or she's stupid. She argued back and forth with me so we paid cash. Either way she should've been nice about her explanation. This ruined my experience here I won't come back.笑
No es el mejor pero esta bien,la comida buena,el servicio no tanto!!!Los dulces son bien ricos...笑
why does this place have that many stars? maybe i don't like buffets all that much because i dont want to eat my weights worth of food and try to only eat the really expensive crap. but the expensive crap is always the worst tasting crap at buffets. 

i don't want to pay $40+ if i'm going to get an over cooked and tough prime rib. and i don't want to go and eat slimy poke. nor do i want to have half cut crab legs that were either too salted as they were being cooked or somehow seasoned with... something... that makes it overly sweet. 

but it does have its perks. you get delicious desserts. their lox is actually pretty good. and their salad options are quite delicious. i enjoyed the pork wrapped in a bread like crust. and if you go at certain hours, its cheaper and no line. 

avoid the sushi. if you want good sushi, go to a sushi restaurant that has... good fish. 

if you think that this is the best buffet in las vegas, you have something wrong with your taste buds. sure, they have some good foods that are belly busters like the pastas and desserts... but if you want really good buffets, go off the strip a bit and go to the M. yes, i will write a review for there.笑
Another buffet on The Strip.  Definitely better than most but still not without its flaws.  The Buffet at Bellagio is probably the most recommended when coming to Vegas, but it doesn't always live up to the hype.  Lines are incredibly long at times.  Waiting can be upwards of  an hour....just to eat in Vegas.  The decor is drab and dim and doesn't really convey a good eating atmosphere.  The food is mediocre but does get better on the weekends, which is a few dollars more as well.

If you happen to get to the Buffet and the line isn't very long, it's not a bad choice.  Otherwise, go somewhere else and come back some other time.笑
Mmmm.... champagne brunch at Bellagio... yum!

So i'm not a huge fan of buffets, but I have to admit this was really good.  My friends and I got there around 12-12:30 and waited about 15-20 minutes.  The champagne wasn't bad, but after eating some sweet stuff it got bitter... I recommend you order some orange juice and make mimosas.  

The French toast with hazelnut chocolate and bananas is pretty bomb.  Got it in my first round, came back for seconds and got the very last one (they weren't making anymore).  I'm in love with it.  

I'm also a fan of their spicy tuna hand rolls and the fruit tart for dessert.  

The buffet had a lot of food and of all the things I tried, I liked almost everything (at least enough to finish it).  A lot of the food was just okay, and most of the meat I tried was pretty dry, but there was some exceptionally good stuff that would keep me coming back here.

I ate way past full because it was so good!  

$29 champagne brunch
$23 brunch without champagne笑
Pretty tasty. We went here for brunch and dinner and both had a lot of food to offer. The service is good and you get seated pretty quickly no matter how long the line is. Definitely one of the better buffets to check out on the strip.笑
This place is GREAT!! The food is wonderful, lots of variety, and yes the champagne flows like the Nile for those of you who are into that. We both enjoyed the prime rib, spicy tuna hand rolls, and blue cheese chicken tomato pasta the most. I really liked the eggs Benedict and smoked salmon as well. Wife also said that dessert was good, but I didn't make it that far. What really set this experience off was that we did NOT have to wait in line. We got here on last Saturday afternoon at around 1ish(plus or minus an hour because I forget the exact time. no I was NOT hungover or drunk), and as I was scoping out the line, I just so happened to run into the bartender who took the wife and I straight in. I later learn that they have to go out and bring parties of 2 to sit at the bar, and I came at the right time because he did not feel like walking all the way to the back of the line. I guess you get a lot of groups here. So here is a quick tip that they passed to me upon leaving: go in through the exit and check the bar if there are only 2 of you. That just may save you an 1.5 hour wait like it did us! Having said all that, great food, and great people with no wait made this a great experience, hence the 5 stars.笑
Horrendous experience! If I could give no stars, I would. 

We visited this spot in December because we stayed at Bellagio for a family friends bday and were given a VIP line pass because of the room we were staying in. We thought that was fabulous because buffet lines in Vegas are ridiculously long. 

Anyways, we went to the VIP line (was nearly as long as the regular line) that was not so VIP. We had to wait 15 mins to pay. When arriving at the cashier, we specifically told the lady to charge us for all of our parties including tips (party of 6/7ppl, some were still coming down from the room) and she obliged.  After paying, we waited another 15 mins were finally seated. 20 mins  later another lady came by and stated we must move to a different table because the cashier lady did not charge us for the other guests! Wtf!!? Long story short, after much discussion everything was straightened out.

We went on a Sunday brunch and their selections were not as I expected. If you want to pay $40 to eat pancakes and sausage (comparable to ihop) then go here. 

Overall I would not go back. Food was not great and customer service definitely sucks, including the GM. 

Stay clear and go to bacchanal! Much better by far!笑
My friends and I are not one for buffets but when in Rome...

We got here just as they were switiching the food items from breakfast to lunch as we arrived to the podium.  The cashier was very nice in letting us pay for the breakfast price instead of the lunch price since there was  a short transition period.  That was very nice of them, I didn't expect that.  

The variety of food for lunch was pretty good.  They had a little of everything, ceviche, to roasts, to salads, there was a great variety and everything was good.  The desserts where great.  I would be interested to see what the dinner is like.笑
Okay, this is my second time at the Buffet. The first time I was really impressed, the food was delicious and there was such a big variety. And the dessert buffet! The best. 
So i decided to come back 3 weeks later with my family. It was a Wednesday night, there wasn't a big line and not top busy. 
The food was again delicious, but the service was the worst. We were 3 adults and a kid and had ordered drinks for 3 adults, but it seemed like after 2 drinks it was a problem giving them to us. Our waitress seemed more and more angry and did not smile or talk back when we asked her to bring drinks. After 1.45 hours she said that we couldn't get more drinks and had to go. WHAT. Okay, on the receipt it says that they would like if people would stay no longer than 2 hours, but we just asked for a last drink. Well, she came back and said you can get a last one. And then in one of the drinks there were bugs in the ice cubes. BUGS. So gross. We talked to the manager and she apologized and we got the money back for 1 unlimited drinks (around $13). 

I am never coming back, good food, but that can never make up for the bad bad service, and BUGS in the ice cubes. EWW笑
Honestly my fav place for buffet at Vegas is the Wynn....similar in price but the food served here somehow for me missed it's mark.....and I am more into main meal as opposed to dessert but If I had an amazing meal I will be tempted to go further and try something sweet......well after having a few things here including their crab legs which were too salty...... I just couldn't continue on with dessert...... I was done.

The happiest place for me in Vegas is the Wynn......笑
came here for company holiday dinner - apparently gourmet dinner turned into holiday dinner which was $10 more but it was kool 


round 1: RAW - poke was fresh excellent sashimi good sushi good hand rolls superb 
round 2: Seafood - king crab legs excellen juicy & succulent / shrimp cocktail good clam chowder warm & satisifying w/ lumps of clam  
round 3: MEAT!! kindda disappointing round lamb chops overcooked kobe meat couldnt cut into but the PRIME RIB meltedi my mouth 
round 4: desserts creme bruleee oooohhhh soo good oooo lala macaroons good meringues good fruit tarts excellent ice cream good 
round 5: fruit juicy sweet watermelon / strawberries 

overall good笑
I seen this buffet on food paradise it seemed like it would be a great place to eat with all the hype from the show. The all you can eat crab legs was the thing that my son and I were so excited to try. It was a complete disappointment first of all we pay $7 to park to go eat at this place. Then pay almost $80 for a horrible disappointing meal. The crab legs were a joke I was told on the phone it would be snow crab which was fine but these weren't like any crab legs I have ever had they were super small and you couldn't even get the meat out of them I got a few clusters and that was it they were a huge waste. After we left I was so dissapointed that we wasted almost $80 on a meal that we could have had back home for $20. It was horrible and a waste of money, and time. Sad to see what people consider a fantastic place to eat.笑
The dinner buffet was SO good.  On Friday and Saturday dinner is the gourmet buffet, which we had and you definitely get your money's worth.  

The breakfast buffet was really good too.  Loved how everything was fresh tasting.

Definitely try to get there earlier than usual dinner or breakfast to avoid lines.笑
I have to say up front that I'm not a huge buffet person because 1. I can't eat that much in one sitting, and 2. I tend to like really cheap, filling foods like potatoes and rice.  Oops.

BUT, the Buffet at the Bellagio is pretty worth it compared to the newer, more expensive buffets like Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal.  For dinner, adults are $38.99 + tax and tip and it has your standard crab leg mountain, prime rib and assorted meats carving station, etc.  In addition to those options, my favorite was the ahi tuna and salmon poke and the pesto mashed potatoes!笑
I came here Memorial Day Weekend 2011 with four of my friends. We were actually en route back to San Diego and wanted some food at In N Out but the line was so ridiculous we decided to trail back and eat at The Buffet at Bellagio. Best decision I have ever made.

The line was a bit over two hours and we made it just in time to not have to pay the dinner price. 

The best part of the buffet must have been the desserts for me. Their wannabe Asian cuisine was not cutting it... but wait the fresh shrimp... I could have stayed here the rest of my life.

Their kobe beef was on point and their duck and sweet bun ridiculous!!!

Service was extremely fast, was going to tip our server a lot but she left for lunch :(笑
Quick Tip: if it's just you or you and +1, go to the bar and see if there's seats opened.  You get seated quicker that way.

Variety is what you expect of buffets, but there are some stars here.  Great selection of meats at the carving station and some of the pasta dishes are the best I've ever had.  I still dream about that creamy pesto sauce with the tortellini and the half-moon ravioli with the mushroom cream sauce.  

And that was just for lunch.  Can only imagine how good dinner can be.笑
Vegas + Buffet = Lots of food. Good solid buffet at Bellagio. We happened to have some credits and gave it a shot. Good, nothing special, nothing overly below average either.笑
What a disappointment. The variety of food was horrible. Nothing tasted fresh. 12 people came out to like 450 which is expected but can we get a little bit of quality in the food. Service  was the only thing that I would say is good here. The wait to get in was about 40 minutes. I would never come back here for the buffet. Had better food at other buffets here笑
So I am not a fan of buffets...usually. However, the Bellagio has an exceptional buffet where the food was able to master the dichotomy of quality and quantity...I spent 2-3 hours in here, so let me share with you the tricks of the trade:

TIPS:
- Show up right before 3:30...prices till 3:30 are $20 bucks. Dinner food comes out around 3:45-4, but the price for that is double lunch--so get your $$$ worth!
- You can special order a lot of the displayed food items; just ask!

FAVES:
- King crab legs + drawn butter = my fave money item
- Lobster ravioli was to DIE for. I hate that phrase, but for once is apt...
- All the fish was cooked properly with awesome spices--try them ALL
- Anything with smoked salmon in here was mouth watering goodness
- I tried almost all of the desserts and liked them all (the flan was soso)... but cheesecake, key lime, hazelnut mouse, creme brulee, strawberry tart... oh my god.
- Flank steak and prime rib both cooked to perfection and well marinated
- Garlic pesto mash = the best way to go for potatoes

Okay I left this place in a food coma. I chowed down like there was no tomorrow...I ate a lot, and a wide variety at that. Despite my obese piglet-tendencies, this was still an elegant buffet, and it was done perfectly. I will most certainly eat here next time I go to Vegas, and you should too! Holy crap my stomach is growling...笑
I'm actually giving this 3.5 stars. The buffet at the Bellagio used to be one of the best buffets in Vegas for me pre Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon. I went back here for dinner and the quality and selection, imo, are not what it used to be. It is still a pretty decent buffet but it has, sadly, lost its shine. I used to love and crave for their desserts too but I just found their dessert station lacking overall during my visit.笑
It's almost impossible to truly give a review of a buffet, I mean they change daily right? But here's my experience.

My friends and I debated for awhile which buffet to hit up during our stay in Vegas, and Bellagio was our final choice. A long line and a $35 per person cost, and we were in. The selection seemed huge, and since I spent $35 I wanted to have $35 worth of food at least.

The food was great, and I couldn't be more happy with what I got. You have so many options as to what to get, with so many different stations. The main dinner stuff was great, but I think I made my fair share of stops at the dessert station. Creme brulee, chocolate covered strawberries, and fruit tarts? I was loooving every second.

The only complaint I have is that our waiter was kind of slow with our drink orders. The one thing he had to do, reallllly.笑
After finding out they are serving Kobe beef steak we decided to bypass M's and Aria's and eat at Bellagio's. What can go wrong with all you can eat Kobe beef, right?! WRONG!! What a horrible mistake we made. First of all, they charge kids 5 and over FULL price as adults. What a rip-off, how much can 6 yrs old eats?!.....
The Kobe beef is such a disappointment, the meat is overcooked and dry like they are from Home Town buffet, I tried two different batches and they all tasted the same.  I actually felt sorry for the "KOBE" cows that had to die for this... With so much other BETTER options around Vegas, we will never be back at Bellagio's buffet.笑
Brace yourself...if you're a champagne/mimosa fiend, an extra 5 bucks to your bill during brunch will get you bottomless champagne/mimosa. How can you go wrong with that? Unless you walk out of the buffet a hot mess after WAYYYY too many, I must say, this was the nicest touch to my brunch experience here :P. 

As of the choices, it's very typical menu options you can find at any other buffet. What stands out is the high quality and how oh so fresh the items are here. 

I can't say the Bellagio buffet is THE BEST but it's one of my top buffets. It's rated a 4.75/5 overall for me. Oh, and shoutout to the hosts/hostesses because they were able to allow me to surpass the 30 min wait to be with my friends who were already situated in the dining hall. Much love to non-douchy hospitality. :)笑
Missed the Weekend Brunch cut off time by 3 mins!!! FAIL! We ended up paying $40 a person for Dinner Buffet. Was it well worth the $40? HECK YES!!

The venue itself is on the older side compared to other buffet places (ie Wynn, Studio B etc). We got seated right away and once our drink orders were taking we headed straight to the..CRAB LEGS!! What I like about this buffet is that they serve both Snow and Alaskan crab legs! They come halfed so eating was a breeze!

Buffet line had plenty of food to choose from. Pizza, duck, lamb, prime rib, pasta, chinese, sushi etc. I managed to grab some pasta, noodles, ribs, sushi and salad. All were pretty good and yummy. However I ate so much crab that seconds for regular food was pointless LOL.

Dessert was pretty good. Im sad they did not have crepes. They served the normal cakes, tarts, cookies etc. I enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries and tiramisu. What is dessert without Creme Brulee!! My fav! Not a fan of the dessert section I perfer the dessert selection at the Wynn better.

Overall experience was great. We stayed little under 2 hours. One star off because the service sucked. Our waitress hardly came over to pick up the dirty plates. I can't remember her even stopping by at all except for refilling our drinks once! I would come back again.. Perhaps a little earlier to pay less :)笑
Love this buffet!  Caviar, Crab legs, Creme Brulee, oh my!  The quality of the food is top notch.  I've been to all of the other buffets in vegas, and I keep coming back to this one.   Sry Bacchanal笑
The overall quality and presentation left much to be desired. For this price point I'd have expected top shelf on both counts. Shrimp was small and translucent, unappetizing. King crab tasted ok but was small. Split legs were a nice touch. Prime rib had been split lengthwise for some reason and was dry and more done than it should be. Just generally a disappointment. Have and will try other Vegas buffets but this one, sadly is off the list now.笑
OK, but not impressed. Supposed to be famous for sea food, but while sushi is fine, crab legs and shrimps are simply boiled with no spices (read tasteless) and served cold on ice. For comparison, in Cosmopolitan (Wicked Spoon), crab legs are noticeably tastier and shrimps come in at least three different forms. Therefore, do not see why I would ever come again to Bellagio.

Posting this review just on top of another review that was comparing Bellagio to Wicked Spoon, with an opposite conclusion :) What to do, everyone has own opinion.笑
Best buffet ever!!! Seriously feels like they got all the top chefs for each dish they offered. So tasty, wether you want seafood, Asian cuisine or a loaded salad, they have it all and more!! Also the deserts not only look pretty, they actually taste fantastic!!! While in Vegas on a three day stay my husband and I went to 3 buffets- but I wish I just went here all three times!!笑
Way overrated. The lemonade tasted like bathroom water and lemon.  The fish dishes (3) were all fishy I had to spit them out. Smaller selection than most buffets. Rest of the food was boring and desserts were too sweet.

But they did have an excellent brick oven style pizza with some greens on them. Not a traditional pizza. I went back for 3rds and 4ths. If it wasn't for that, i probably would have been pretty pissed about waiting a half hour in line and spending around $60 for 2 people. My 22 year old daughter was also disappointed and would not return.笑
Breakfast of Champs!

You will rarely find me in a buffet line as I don't frequent or really like buffets. I prefer excellent, single-size portioned meals over mediocre, all-you-can-eat buffet food that has been coughed & sneezed on/manhandled by the unwashed masses. But occasionally, I'll put my buffet hangups aside & risk it for an exceptionally good breakfast/brunch buffet, and Vegas is thee place to buffet. 

The Buffet at Bellagio is located in The Bellagio Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, NV & is walking distance (next door) to The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino where I stayed. I only tried the breakfast/brunch buffet (not dinner) at The Bellagio which costs around $40 for the price of admission to breakfast/brunch bonanza! (Gemtastic deal considering market price for 1 piece of whole, Greek Sea Bass was $150 at Milos in The Cosmo, which is equal to almost 4 trips to the bottomless Buffet at Bellagio!)

Sweet baby Jesus, there is every kind of protein, carb & type of cuisine under the hot, Vegas sun that one could possibly dream about having for breakfast & brunch at this buffet. It has an abundance of fresh fruit & veggies (raw, steamed, grilled, etc.); sliced cheeses; nuts; yogurts; sushi; rice; decadent desserts & pastries; a meat carving station; an omelette station; assortment of cereals; bacon; sausage; ribs; kobe beef; chicken & eggs every way; pizza; a plethora of salads, seafood & pasta; and a variety of muffins, rolls, bagels, waffles, toast, pancakes, & any other variation of bread you can possibly imagine. Needless to say there's something here for everyone at Bellagio, so go ahead & buffet your lil brains away! 

I sampled a lil of everything here & it was all super fresh & gemlicious! Some of my gemmy faves at The Buffet included the blackened salmon; the thin-crust Mediterranean pizza; the gluten-free, chocolate-chip muffins & the soft-serve sorbet machine was pretty friggin' sweet! Oh yeah, can't forget my numero uno fave aka unlimited, Alaskan King crab legs! 5+ gems for selection, variety, quality & taste of buffet food!

Also, I was very impressed by the cleanliness/maintenance of the Bellagio Buffet. The food was constantly being refilled & refreshed, and there was always a worker around wiping, cleaning & maintaining the food stations & buffet area. You could eat off the floors here. It was spotless! A+ for food sanitation & a squeaky clean buffet! 

The service at Bellagio was excellent too. My table was promptly cleared plate after plate & my server was "Johnny on the Spot" with the coffee refills! 5 gems for speed & efficiency & keeping my coffee mug full at all times! A caffeinated Gem is a happy Gem! 

Sure there are newer, more cosmo/hip buffets than The Buffet at Bellagio, but if you wake up a starvin' marvin' then I highly recommend goin' to this classic buffet for breakfast/brunch. It's still servin' up hella good food & lots of it, no little, wicked bites allowed here! For $40 you can eat yourself into a stupor like a high roller & who doesn't like a side of king crab legs with their eggs?! The Buffet at Bellagio is my fave way to start the day in Vegas...So go big or go back to bed!笑
I went for lunch on a weekday and there was no line.  

Yeah, it was a good, solid buffet.  I didn't eat as much as I wanted to -- I think I just didn't pace myself very well.  But I think if I had been hungrier this would have been worth $20 for lunch.

From what I remember, the best items were:
- a mountain of shrimp cocktail (be careful not to take too many tho!  leave room for other things!)
- very decent steak
- ribs
- smoked salmon and scallops

Their Asian selection was pretty unimpressive looking (both the sushi and hot Asian Fusion sections) but, hey,  I didn't come to taste the delicacies of the world.  I came to engorge on meat and seafood and -- oh yeah, dessert!

The dessert section, sadly, didn't taste as good as it looked.  A couple of the items were pretty good but most were average or below average.  They had chocolate dipped strawberries but ran out before I could get any :(

I'd probably come back.  But next time, I want crab legs!!!

P.S. Non-alcohol drinks are free and distributed by waiter service.  If you want booze though, you can go to the bar and pay extra.笑
Worth the wait and the money. Here's a tip, if there's a long line and there's only two of you sneak up to the hostess at the front and ask to sit at the bar...you won't have to wait as long! So much variety and top quality food. We went for lunch and maybe that is why they didn't have crab legs (those might be served only at dinner).笑
Very good!  The BEST desserts at a buffet and I've been to them all.  Bellagio is the only one that keeps a pastry chef.  So the desserts are from scratch not commercial.  Food is always fresh.  Pricey? Yes, but oh so worth it.  Wear stretch pants. :)笑
Stay away from the starches and indulge on all the wonderful selections of meats they have there and assorted seafood and then finish off with tasty desserts and you will be so full you have to walk the strip just so it will relieve the giant lump in your stomach笑
The staff was really patient with my extremely fussy young son. The price is amazing and the food is delicious, especially for the price. Not the best buffet in Vegas, but definitely very nice, I would eat there again.笑
Disgusting waste of money. Crab legs cold and tasted like from the sewer. Go somewhere else.笑
I am reviewing this place solely in the category of buffets. As far as buffets go, the Bellagio is the best. I've been to a lot of buffets both in Las Vegas and other states. I am rather fond of buffets as I'm a big eater. The food choice is excellent and some of the food is great even as a stand alone dish. I agree with some of the other reviews that there has been somewhat of a decline over the last 10 years, but again as far as buffets go, it's still the best. I've tried the Wynn, Bacchanal at Caesar's and pretty much every other buffet on and off the strip and the quality/taste of the Bellagio buffet is still the best. The Bacchanal has Bellagio beat as far as the sheer number of choices and the Wynn is comparable, but I still give the nod to the Bellagio. I'm actually not a big fan of the crab legs, but I found that the taste/quality of crab legs are pretty much the same at all the top $ buffets. Bacchanal's crab legs were the mostly frozen, although the quality was fine, with the Bellagio and the Wynn pretty much the identical. I enjoyed the meat station at the Bellagio the best with Bacchanal meat station having the most choices, but lacking the quality. If I had to rate the Bellagio compared to other stand-alone restaurants, obviously it would not be 5 stars, but I think it's only fair to keep restaurants in categories. The price is around $40.00 so it's expensive for a buffet but not unreasonable compared to other high-end buffets and certainly not that expensive compared to other restaurants, where you could easily spend that much per person at the Cheesecake factory with apps, entrees and desserts.笑
This place is good but not great. 

Food options were okay but their dessert selections were good!

it is spacious, nice decor, attentive employees. It just gets really busy. And some people that dines there are just rude. I mean, people wait in line to get a particular item and someone would cut in line or push you... like chill, relax, you'll get your food... just be patient... geesh

Overall,  I would come to this place again.笑
ate there yesterday before flew back home to Dallas. I've seen the reviews so decided give a try. I am sorry but that was the worst lunch buffets I've ever eat...  The pictures they took might seen nice and all that but when i actually get there, it was bad..... it wasn't look as clean the the pictures show, it's always have no foods at the buffet, yes the deserts was nice but i've tried all the food there, it was bad.. I've throw up after i ate the buffets. I would rather pay little bit more to order a plate that is fresh cook  instead eating buffet. I am not sure about the dinner but I know for sure I won't go back there again to eat their lunch buffet.笑
Great buffet lots of selections the prime rib was delicious it was worth the  30 dollars笑
The buffet experience is one of the reasons why you go to Vegas and Bellagio satisfies that craving... somewhat.  For meat eaters, your taste buds can dance as they have an array of meats, ranging from salmon to veal.  While their prime rib is not quite as good as Mandalay Bay's, their kobe beef is very delicious.  They also have beef wellington, which is rare.  Their specialty, I believe, is the dessert bar.  They have creme brulee, which is my favorite and they don't disappoint.  I couldn't help myself and had about 3 of those.笑
Everything was fairly ok, But in my opinion for a hotel like Bellagio it should be way better then that...笑
Today is Sunday, good price, no waiting, food and service are great!

Love sea bass, king crab, prime rib....笑
Warning people, the gourmet dinner does not start at 3pm like it says on their website! 

I wanted to try a new buffet in Vegas so decided to try the one in Bellagio. We arrived around 2pm on a Saturday so that we can try the gourmet dinner that starts at 3pm. The weekend brunch is just alright, the only great thing are the crab legs and the omelette. When 3pm rolled around, I was excited to try the lamb chop. After asking several times and being told it would be ready in 5 min, the lamb chops did not get served till 3:40pm. Even though it was only 40 min late, that is still false advertising! When I did finally try the lamb chops, it was not good at all. I took one bite and couldn't have any more.

The only good item was the Alaskan king crab legs they serve during gourmet dinner. The Alaskan king crab legs did get served around 3pm. They served 2 stars for that.笑
Great buffet.

Crazy long line to get in.

A quick tip, if you are a Mlife member, you get to stand in your own line which goes 10 times faster than the regular line. If you aren't a member. Sign up for a membership. It's their loyalty program with 15 other amazing hotels. You get discounts everywhere and the best part is you get comps the more you gamble!

Back to the Buffet.

The Buffet is massive and there is so much variety. It would take 10 stomachs to try even a bite of each menu item. 

Everything was fresh and abundant and ridiculously beautifully displayed. 

Our server was a doll and was super friendly and efficient!

Everything tasted amazing and even with a  packed restaurant, the food still overflowed and were replenished quickly.

This didn't ruin the greatness of the Buffet, but:
(1) The crab was overly salty. As if you were licking a salt stick. 
(2) And the employee carving the prime rib on the night I was at the restaurant was a bit moody and was upset if you asked your prime rib to be cooked a bit longer. He tried to shove the prime rib on my plate and kept gesturing me to take it, even though I asked 3 times to get it well done. He had 2 other prime rib pieces on the grill in back and I guess he was just annoyed that we all wanted our meat cooked longer (not rare).

Besides that, my husband and I thought the Bellagio Buffet is not to be missed.笑
Was fresh. Fish was dry. Decent food.  I think the "Le Village" buffet in Paris is much cleaner and nicer.笑
This brunch buffet is good, but not as good as Mandalay Bay's.  There was a definite selection among the food.  They also had a build your own omelet station, but I went for the scrambled eggs instead.  They were a bit runny.  They did have a french toast stuffed with chocolate and bananas -- it was quite delicious.  Overall, good but not great.笑
28.95 for sunday champagne brunch!! was it worth it? heck yes!

i am not a champagne person, but hey it was the weekend and i was in vegas, so why not?! the champagne doesnt stop flowing until 5pm, we came at around 3pm and our glasses were constantly being filled to the top. we had crab legs, shrimp cocktail, prime rib those were pretty decent. we also had some of the breakfast food such as Belgium waffles and french toast those were okay, i've had better.

the desserts were really good, i loved their flan and key lime tart. i had a raspberry chocolate cake, i could only taste chocolate and no hint of raspberry at all! we also shared this peach and other fruit parfait like dessert that was delicious!笑
I CLIMBED THE MT. EVEREST OF FOOD AND ATE MY WAY TO THE BOTTOM!

Before heading to Vegas two weeks ago I looked up the best buffets in Vegas and the one at the Bellagio definitely looked the best for it's price ranked #2 and cheaper than most. So when we went to Vegas I knew we had to explore this journey to the center of my stomach. 

First off I will comment on their service and their lines. The service was amazing! A man came and asked us how many were in our party and said that we had over a 30 minute wait where we were in line, but since there was only three of us he would take us right in. We ordered the lunch with all-you-can-drink mimosas for ONLY $5 EXTRA and it totaled $30something, less than $40 so that was really good. I have to say the lady who brought us our drinks was incredibly sweet and we enjoyed a few laughs with her.

When we got there for lunch they still had half of their menu from breakfast. So for starters, they had two chefs cooking omelets just the way you wanted fresh for you after you pick the toppings you want. They had sausage, bacon, pancakes, french toast, banana french toast (didn't know this existed, but it was AMAZING), and pretty much anything else you would want for breakfast. They also had a huge round table full of vegetables, fruits, and already-made salads. They had other stations for making your own personal salad; ham, prime rib, & turkey cut fresh as you ask for it; an oriental section with noodles and fried rice, soups, a huuuuuge selection of desserts, and they even had a sushi bar with people making fresh rolls right there (which my roommate went insane over). 

The only thing I was very sad about was that there were no snow crab legs as it was advertised online. 

Overall, they had so much to eat and I left with enough food to feed me for a week. It was awesome. I felt like a camel with my lump in the front. People always talk about food babies, but I walked out 9 months pregnant.笑
Our first buffet of our trip, so it's gotta be good, right? Cuz you haven't gotten tired of the buffet yet...

Anyhow, it's got huge selections. Food quality is good, service is alright. But you just dont feel like you're dining in a 5 star hotel. For lunch, it's $19.99/person, which is not bad at all. But kids pay full price... I was surprised they dont give discount for kids... at Wynn you get half off for kids under 12. 

Again, the food is pretty good. Nothing too memorable, just your typical buffet in Vegas, probably better than most places, but I have to say Wynn's buffet is a lot better, even though you pay a bit more. The most impressive section of the entire buffet is their dessert section. The cheesecakes are superb!笑
The seeming gold standard by which all buffets are judged stands the Buffet at Bellagio.

The food is a little higher end, with items such are roasted lamb, paella, honey glazed slab bacon, and gourmet pizza, along with the usual suspects such as prime rib, roasted turkey, and made to order omelettes, waffles, etc.

All food is well prepared, and service is great.

The only thing disappointing at the Bellagio is their desserts.  Although they look high end, the taste leaves something to be desired.笑
Bellagio Buffet. Wow. So I'm one of those poor Traveller eating easy Food from a gasstove in the Moment, but i love cooking and i enjoy good Food - i just cant afford it. I'm used to High Standarts, but not a Star chef demander. If you're a "normal" Person, and i say i loved it, you will at least like it a lot. 
We sneaked in at 2,45, payed lunch price (27usd each) and got the Dinner Buffet. I had 8 plates, there were things i didn't like, or didn't find Specials, and there were things that I would have begged for, i could bath in. The Prime rib, the mushroom Ravioli, the canneloni, the Indian Curry, the yam Mash, the turkey (!), And the blue cheese Dressing, the Olive bread, the nutella- White chocolate Creme tard,...... I found the meats, the pastas and the Desserts in generell really good. Dissapointing was the seafood, don't know why all those asians eat Tons and Tons of those crablegs.. it's just a hint of salt and a Kind of fishy taste.. i was so incredibly Full, wished i had another 3 stomachs to eat more. So Worth it 27 Bucks.笑
I can't believe others don't think this is one of the best, if not the best buffet in Las Vegas. Sure, it doesn't have massive selection like a Rio World buffet, but quality of the food at Bellagio is superb. I've been here for lunch and dinner on different trips and this place did not dissappoint. Let's start off with the best prime rib i've ever had. Better than 95% of the restaurants can even cook them. The prime rib melts in your mouth. Then, let's move on to their jumbo, fresh, crunchy cocktail shrimp. I think what put this buffet to the top of the list is the Chilean Sea bass. Seriously, aren't those one of the most expensive fish around? their other seafood like African Mussels are awesome. Their sushi bar is as fresh as most Japanese restaurants i've been to. It's also awesome they have someone making hand rolls for you too. Desert selection and quality is as good as it gets for a buffet. You can't go wrong with this place!笑
Quality control at its poorest! I spit out the pad Thai, I couldn't cut the meat with a sharp knife, the crab was too salty (you have to request to boil them to made edible). Bellagio, I expected more from you...笑
I was expecting more for this buffet considering how many must try buffet lists it was on. The sushi was meh. The seafood was ok. The crab legs weren't really to write home about but they satisfied the craving. I wish they had the option for warm crab legs. The selection of food was ok. I would have given only 1 star but the dessert selection was actually up to my liking and the wait staff were very quickly with getting plates out of the way and friendly while doing so. Will not be back though sorry!笑
The best prime rib I have every tasted, juicy seasoned just right. Thanks to the chef .笑
very respectable and fresh buffet. great selection of foods, and most of them were excellent. had delicious ravioli, pork sticky buns, crab, and more. the sushi was good but nothing to rave about, but they had a delicious ahi tuna poke that made up for any lack in the department. the buffet is on the expensive side, about $36/person, and the wait when we went around 6pm on a saturday night was about an hour and a half, but it was worth the wait. word of advice: leave yourself some time to nap after the buffet before you go out!笑
***I am not a big fan of buffets, but the breakfast buffet at the Bellagio features a wide variety of pretty good food that is satisfying; it is also a good value (if you come really hungry)***

I've never had the lunch or the dinner buffet at the Bellagio, but I usually go to the Bellagio for the breakfast buffet on most trips to Vegas.  There are occasional waits, but it is usually pretty quick to get seated.

The variety is quite impressive.  And the food is a little better than your average buffet.  Plus, there are duplicate meat/egg stations to make getting through the buffet quite easy even when there is a crowd.

The booths are very comfortable.  And it is far enough away from the noises of the casino that eating breakfast here is a welcomed change-of-pace.笑
Really Really large selection. 
Great value for the price.
Top notch food.笑
The food was not that good. This is nothing compared to buffet at Wynn.
Will never go back.笑
Amazing buffet.  Always enjoy coming here for prime Rib and crab legs.  The deserts are awesome,  too.  Definitely worth the money.笑
More like 3 1/2. Went there for breakfast. The price was very reasonable.. $15.95/person. I REALLY liked their biscuits and gravy. Their eggs were ok.. looked watery. My husband said the omelettes were good.
Overall, I'd come back.笑
Very impressive buffet for $50 on a Saturday. They had prime rib, several different kinds of fish, lobster ravioli ( you need to pick out the Lobsters in this dish), lamb, pan fried quail (not good at all - no taste and not very good texture even though it looked good), salads, kobe sirloins, etc. I think they had some Chinese style dishes (one was roasted pork belly). This place sure has lots of variety and for the most part fairly good quality control. There were some odd dishes and some dishes with very poor quality control which is why this place doesn't get a 5 star. They had a nice selection of desserts, but not the best overall quality. The ambiance is nice and comfortable like an indoor country style setting. Maybe a little too much Chinese style influence on the food (esp with the strange stuff like quail and pork belly). BTW the quail was nothing like true authentic Chinese style roasted quail which is way way way better than Bellagios. Just b careful not to overeat... This will be my last buffet in a long long time if not ever...笑
Not so many choices for my taste...not into seafood i only eat shrimp .Loved the pork saussage,the cheese tortelini and chicken pasta.bread good sweets very good lots of choices,my other guests enjoyed the meat and seafood alot! Big lines the ladys not so friendly at the cashier our "waiter" very nice笑
I'm not a huge fan of buffets, but thought I'd give this a try anyway and it def did not live upto my expectations. I was thinking that it would be at Bellagio standards, and unfortunately I was mistaken. Won't be back.笑
I have enjoyed this buffet many times, and it is fine.  Plenty of good offerings, with the prime rib, Indian food, potatoes (all versions), eggs benedict, and shrimp being my favorite treats.  The crab legs generate a line in the evening.

Unlike the Sterling Brunch or Wynn buffet, this buffet is good but not great.  The desserts are just OK.  The offerings do not seem to change regularly.  The dining rooms need to be updated.笑
Most of the food was average to good. The sea bass was the best item. It was so juicy!  The prime rib was good. The steak was kind of tough though. Pretty large selection of food. Most of the dessert was very good. They even have sugar free dessert that was much better than I thought. $40 for the dinner buffet was a little pricey I think.  The line to get into the restaurant was really long, but it seems most buffets on the strip also have long lines.笑
Went for Saturday Brunch. Wait was doable compare to other buffets. We paid about $38/person which was standard for Vegas buffet. However, everything was underwhelming, nothing really stood out from their selection. For the price and to pay just a little extra, I'd recommend Wicked Spoon or Bachannal笑
I always go to vegas on the holidays and unfortuantely, that means jacked up buffet prices.. BUT Bellagio always delivers.. w/ the usual vegas fare: cocktail shrimp and prime rib.. it tops other buffets w/ their spicy tuna hand rolls and occasional holiday specials of uni or oyster shooters.... My only complaint would be the slow service from time time... they really can crank out the food faster... but i guess thats how vegas works...笑
I have been meaning to review this buffet & express my disappointment with how mediocre it was. We went here the weekend of Memorial Day, so the breakfast/brunch price was higher around $40 which was fine & expected. I enjoyed the prime rib & crab legs, but everything else was just okay. The desserts were a huge letdown for my entire party of 7, and I felt embarrassed for persuading everyone to come to this buffet.  I can't see myself returning here to partake in an over hyped buffet.笑
Not really worth it. 

Infinite amounts of food, but food selection is limited. Let's you want some sushi, you can get 100 pieces of 3 different kinds of sushi. 

Lots of dessert though, but its all the same, just small cakes and little cones filled with creme. Try to find that little cup of strawberry jello+whipped cream. It goes really fast. 

Seafood is too salty. If you really want it, grab it when it first comes out, do not get bottom of pile. 

The best food I had there was DIY salad....k. 

Large generous portions of meat, wait in line maybe 2min to get through the whole line. 


Overall, its okay if you are hungry. There are other buffets on the strip. For a hotel this big, I am really disappointed.笑
If i'll be courting a restaurant i'll go for a buffet  at (The buffet at Bellagio )       I would say It's Worth the wait.
Reason - The price is  reasonable i don't think i can find anything better than this.
               - the service was excellent.
               - even though i don't eat much i left with a smile.
                - Good selection of food.
Guess every time I'm in Vegas i'll be staying & dining with you.
Because you complete me =)笑
This was the best buffet I've tried in vegas so far. Didn't get a chance to try wicked spoon or Cesar's and I heard those were the best ones right now.
HUGE lineup when we were coming in but thankfully, we bypassed that with our Mlife card.
Service was awesome. Our plates were cleared away pretty quickly and the excellent coffee I had was constantly refilled. 
I have to admit I expected a little better with the selection but the food was undeniably of great quality. I should not have been able to put away as much food as I did (2 plates + dessert) because I was still getting over a hangover but the food was too good.
Would absolutely recommend this buffet.笑
Excellent buffet! By far my favorite! From fresh caviar, real crab legs, duck to real bread.笑
My favorite buffet in Vegas, HANDS DOWN! Real good food selection for someone who thinks Wynn's buffet is just too....fancy? LOL.
Love their fish, rock shrimp pizza, pastas, salads, prime rib, ooh and their desserts! Although I haven't seen my favorite chocolate-covered strawberries there during my last visit...is it dinner only? I went during lunch. HMMM. Regardless, we always eat here and at Mandalay Bay when we're in town.笑
Like many of the Vegas buffets, there is a huge selection, but bellagio's food quality is average/borderline bad.

Pros:
-their weekday dinner buffet ends at 10 (instead of 9pm like wicked spoon)
-good, diverse dessert selection
-they have snow and king crabs (delicious)
-their sashimi mix was scrumptious (had both salmon and tuna)

Cons:
-their service can be a little slow. We had to look for a waiter to get us our water/drinks
-came at 8:40pm and there was still at 20min wait for the dinner buffet (left us with 1 hr)
-I was so excited to see that they had macarons, but it was just...bad. The middle part was just jam...what.
-they had a lot of food, but there was only one or two dishes that I really enjoyed. There's something off about the food quality here.
-dinner on weekdays was $34, but I still don't think it was worth the price 

Pass. There are better buffets/restaurants in Vegas (eg: burgr by Gordon Ramsey)笑
Most disappointing buffet we tried. Plenty of seating seemed available, but all guests were seated on only one side of the restaurant. Servers were okay- a little too quick to clear plates that you may be working on笑
This is one of the better, solid buffets in Vegas. Went back for a second time for breakfast this past weekend. Our waitress was an amazing improvement over the last one, making sure we always had champagne and water, joking around with us, and she was just very sweet. 

The buffet seemed to have less items than last time I was there. We arrived around 7AM, and many things were missing, such as the sushi, hand rolls, prime rib, etc. They put thew food out as we were leaving a few hours later, but if we paid the same price as those who came later in the morning, shouldn't we get the same food, too? But I loved my shrimp omelet, the chicken biryani, and all of the other items.笑
Very dirty place.
The bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! 

The food was OK but not great.
They had crab legs.笑
Hmm this buffet really isn't as good as the line would suggest. Its very average with only a slightl upscale vibe to it. Save your money and go to wynn or cosmo instead which have similar prices but much better food. And dont go here during busy season coz the line can be ridiculously long at times!笑
With lines like a Disneyland ride, even on a slow weekday, the Bellagio's buffet needs no endorsements. What they do well, they do very very well. While the current $27.95 dinner price is higher than some, it's still not the most expensive (Wynn and Rio Seafood Buffet are more). Within a deceptively large (600 seat) series of rooms with an Italian seaside motif, Bellagio's is one of the more pleasant atmospheres for a buffet, with linen napkins and heavy silverware--but they also still have Keno. 

Strong points: 

Sushi bar, with two dedicated chefs making cut rolls, sashimi, hand rolls, dumplings, steak tartar, seaweed salad, two kinds of poke (ahi and salmon) and more... Fish quality is far above that of most other buffets.

Salad bar has a very large range of choices which according to management get changed often--including marinated tofu, quinoa salad, smoked salmon, spinach frisee, --they also do salads tossed to order.

A large selection of seafood, most of which is good quality. they do bluenose sea bass 3 different ways--because it's sustainable (it's not as tender as Chilean, but it's a nice, light fish). Also vol-au-vents to order 3-4 different ways, which aren't bad. 

Strong selection of soups, including nice red pepper bisque and mushroom-laden miso

Six kinds of brick oven pizzas, which were actually good (usually buffet pizza is wretched)

very good, properly made creamed spinach

They grill veal piccata and marsala live... but I didn't try it.

Weak points: 
Mediocre selection of Italian pasta
Authentic but small selection of Chinese
Paella was underwhelming

Broad selection of carved meats (chicken wellington?), but most aren't that impressive--I think Buffalo sirloin doesn't really lend itself to buffet service...BUT they did have PERFECT TURKEY (not overly brined), which as you probably know, isn't easy.

But of course, most people still pile on the crab legs, which are served at two stations

Desserts were underwhelming (Wynn, Cravings, Studio B all do better) but they had these little apple pie rolls that were nice...

Weekend dinners, price goes up to $35, but you get kobe beef, rack of lamb, venison and more variety...

Here's a secret tip: If you are only one or two people, management allows you to walk in the exit door and seat yourself at the bar (space allowing). The bartender will charge you for the buffet.笑
I am so sad that my stomach decided to rebel against me on the day I was to eat at The Buffet @ the Bellagio. Because of my body's revolt, I was unable to eat as much as I wish I did. I managed to eat a few bites at a time, because my stomach was feeling queasy since the morning. At the time, I thought I'd give the place 3 stars, but now that I am more clear headed, i think the Bellagio is well worth 4 stars.

If you come here during lunch time during the weekday, you can get in for $20.99 and stay till dinner! Are you kidding me? That's a freaking good deal! It's nothing phenomenal, but for $20.99 the food is pretty damn good! If you come during lunch, they even have some breakfast foods out. I had some eggs benedict, and it was pretty good!

The pastas are also delicious and so are the meats. Had my stupid stomach been feeling better, I would have totally gone after some prime rib, crab legs, and all that deliciousness. They even have jus to put over your roast/meat, and it's delicious! They have a pretty good selection of food. It's not individually portioned out. 

One thing that bothered me was the soup station. the ladle was too damn long! It was so hard to ladle soup into my bowl. I burned myself. Shorten that ladle, dude. 

Seating for me took about 30-40 minutes, kind of what you would expect from a buffet. But I would say it was well worth it. To get the biggest bang for the buck, come during the weekday during lunch (like around 2:30) and stay til dinner. =) cheers!笑
I chose this place because I was on a mission to eat Alaskan King Crab legs, not those piddly little anemic crab legs at other Vegas hotel buffets! The cost was $32 for dinner, not including tip.

- Excellent array and choices of food...so much in fact that your head will spin at the endless display of food, food and more food. Almost every theme and every ethic dish is represented; from American to Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, etc

- Nice vegetable/vegetarian dish selections from mushroom cheese raviolis with essece of truflles to the most delectable of salads. They even had Tofu dishes that I found pleasantly surprising, considering most buffets do not cater to non-meat eaters. 

- the best service we've gotten at a buffet. Our server was a more older, experienced lady. She didn't rush us out when we were the last ones at the table sucking on crab legs. She got a nice hefty tip.

- Alaskan King Crab legs, split in half for you, as were the other non-Alaskan crabs. Crab legs were on ice, cold, so I wasn't too thrilled about that. Non Alaskan crab legs were too salty to eat. The AKCLs were not as salty, meaty, but a bit watery.

- I don't eat meat but my friend had a choice of veal, rack of lamb and venison that we didn't encounter at any of the other buffets.

- desserts were not as good as the ones at the Aria. Disappointing was the fact that there were so many cookies for such a fancy hotel with such a fancy selection! Most people I suspect do not go for desserts anyway, but if you are looking for desserts, go to the Aria buffet.

Would I come back for more? YES.笑
All gluten free, flavorless. Im disappointed after paying $95 for two people. Best thing on dinner menu was the coffee and the coca cola.笑
Best breakfast buffet in Vegas!笑
Thought that coming here would be a great choice but I was wrong !!!! :( wait  for a table was 15-20 minutes , food and drink quality is very poor, food either too bland or it was too spicy , the waitress did not check on us ( I mean I understand that there busy, but they need more staff !!! ) only good thing about this place unfortunately is that it's in a beautiful hotel, but needless to say that they need to redo the buffet menu笑
I am not sure if quality went down or I just have that mentality where I think Vegas strip food is overpriced, but this place was okay. 

Food: 
Mac and cheese: My friend raved about their truffle mac and cheese (and i love truffles), but the mac and cheese definitely did not have truffles and was like any other mac and cheese 
Bacon: This probably gave this place one extra star. This was really great. It is a thick cut of bacon and crispy to perfection. 
Prime Rib: dry. 
Steak: meh
Desserts: typical selection. The banana foster was basically sugar. 
Sushi: dinner they have sashimi rolls. 

It is a buffet so quality is always downgraded but this place is known to be the best on the strip.笑
I don't think I've gone to Vegas without doing the Sat/Sun Bellagio Brunch Buffet.  I have this thing down to a science.  Some people know how to count cards, well I know how to bring down the house by attacking the buffet.  So let me lay my wisdom on you...

OK, first off, If you want to take Vegas, you need to follow some simple buffet rules.  1. No salad.  I don't care how good the dressing is, or how fresh it looks, or if it sounds good to you.  NO NO NO, that's like splitting 10's.  Someone fills one of their precious trips to the buffet with a salad, and I'm picking up my buffet chips and changing tables.  2. No Rolls or bread.  They are good here, everything is freshly baked, but it takes up way too much space and it's is a trap they want you to fall into.  Kind of like taking insurance when the dealer has an Ace showing.  3.  No sushi other than maybe a spicy tuna hand roll.  They aren't slicing fresh sashimi here.  It's all california rolls with lots of rice and little fish.  You are going to get better sushi elsewhere, so don't fill up on all that rice.

OK, so now we got some basic strategy down, I'll teach you my fool proof system.

Course 1 - Breakfast.  Go to the omelette station on the left and have them fire one up for you.  Take in all your options.  If you don't want to go standard with the fillings, notice they have crab meat and shrimp.  They also have spinach, basil, and cilantro for some extra seasoning.  You want to think outside the box, go get some smoked salmon and bring it to them to throw into an omelette.  Ok after you get your omelette, you grab an eggs benedict (which always has a perfect runny yolk center), some sausage, bacon if you wish.  And now here's why I said to go to the Omelette station on the left and not the right.  Next to the sausage is a small bowl marked Beef Tenderloin.  They don't have that on the right and I think few people notice it, which is their plan.  So now you have nicely seasoned slices of filet mignon to put some more scrambled eggs on top of for steak and eggs.  I call this course, eggs 3 ways.  Omelette, Scrambled, and Benedict.  Please notice we've avoided all french toast, waffles, and pancakes.  I'm sure they are good, but you'll ruin your other courses.

Course 2 - Cold Smoked Fish.  Ok here's a real tough one.  You can't get a bagel with this course, it takes up way too much room and violates rule 2.  So you grab lots of smoked salmon, smoked trout, maybe herring if you like it, and slices of tomato and red onion.  Use the slice of tomato as a base and construct "open face" sandwiches of the smoked fish using cream cheese to hold it all together on the fork.  Right in the center of the buffet are large chilled cocktail shrimp, try to use the shrimp as a barrier between the cocktail sauce and the smoked fish.  Although it's a little known fact that cocktail sauce and cream cheese tastes good together.

Course 3 - Meat.  Go up to the carving station have them slice you up some Prime Rib and roasted lamb.  Make sure they don't skimp on your slices here, speak up if it's too small.  The odds for making it back again are small and sometimes there is a line.  They know this.  To your right is another small carving station with Turkey and Pork Belly.  Make sure you get this and some cranberry sauce to hold a piece of turkey and pork belly together on the fork.  You have to get some potatoes with your meat and mashed is the best way to go.  By mashing it, they've done some of the hard chewing work for you.  By smearing some on each bite of meat, it goes down smoothly.  If you want flavor overload get the pesto mashed.

Course 4 - Odds and Ends.  So now walking around the buffet a few times you've seen some other things that catch your eye.  Now's the time to just throw whatever else you want to try on your plate.  Roasted chicken and saffron rice, BBQ glazed Salmon, Creamy Pasta with chicken and sun dried tomatoes, a few Lo Mein Chinese dishes,  couple of slices of pizza.  Now with the pizza, don't be afraid to take only a few bites of the slice then eat the rest of the toppings so you aren't violating rule 2.  The pizza is pretty good and there are usually about 5 or 6 to choose from.  Keep on the look out for a shrimp pesto one.

Course 4.5 - Back Up Plan.  Sometimes the Odds and Ends aren't that happening.  People don't pay as much attention to them, and sometimes they sit too long and get a little dried out.  Don't be affraid to throw in the towel and then double down on something you really liked earlier.  Sure there are starving people in the world and you may feel guilty about throwing a whole plate of food away that you barely touched, but they aren't going to get that plate of food anyway.  

Course 5 - Dessert.  Sample Everything, Finish Nothing!  When I'm done, my table looks the same as the dessert station, just with 1 bite missing.  Don't feel bad, remember what happened to the last person who told starving people "Let Them Eat Cake"笑
The food is just not that great. Don't get me wrong, it is tasty but average. The only thing that stands out is the pesto mashed potatoes.  I would say its ok to eat here if you are staying at the Bellagio, but do not make a trip to this buffet.笑
This is the first time I was disappointed here. This used to be the absolute best for breakfast. The food this time was very bland, barely room temperature, and the stations were not very clean. The yogurt machine was not freezing properly. The eggs Benedict tasted odd, like cleaner. The breakfast potatoes were very dry and bland. It was super disappointing and I don't think we will be back. The server was very good and kept our drinks refilled. But food wise, nothing was good, just eh.笑
I come to Vegas for one reason, and one reason only: to play poker at the Bellagio.  Poker, much like any other sport, sure can make a fella hungry.  If said fella gets hungry, he might just saunter over to The Buffet at Bellagio.  Come to think of it, I consider myself a two-sport athlete: besides poker, I have been known to engage in competitive eating.

If you don't believe me that poker and competitive eating are sport, just change the channel to ESPN and/or ESPN 2.  I rest my case.

I have a love/hate relationship with the Bellagio Buffet.  While the service is consistently solid by the buffet standards, the quality of their offering varies with the time of day.  The breakfast buffet is absolutely atrocious.  I have never, ever had eggs worse than the ones they offer at the Bellagio.  Scrambled eggs and eggs Benedict are soggy, watery and just don't taste right.  I can't even make Campbell's soup out of the can, but even I can make scrambled eggs that are m-m-m . . . better than those at the Bellagio Buffet.

Dinner is a different story, and not just because it costs $36.95.  In the evening, the Buffet at Bellagio transforms into a veritable gastronomical utopia, inviting you to partake in a feast of gargantuan proportions. 

I don't eat shellfish, but I hear great things about their crab legs and other delicacies I can't look at.  I can't vouch for the shellfish though.  I usually start with some sashimi and Hawaiian poke.  Both are excellent here, by the way.  Then, once I've warmed up (it's a marathon, not a sprint), I move on to the meats.  You can find carving stations serving such buffet staples as prime rib and turkey breast, both of which are better than prime rib and turkey breast at other places.  

What truly separates Bellagio Buffet from all the others is the variety and the exotic nature of their buffet.  They constantly offer tender Kobe beef (American fed, but still), pretentious Beef Wellington, venison, which is as good or better than you would find in nearby restaurants, and perfectly prepared lamb chops.  Y-U-MMMM!  Last time, they offered steak tartare (not recommended for rookie and amateur carnivores) and seafood vol-au-vent, made to order (not recommended for me).

The desserts here are good, but not extraordinary.  You could probably find similar offering at any buffet in Vegas.

The lines are really long, but if you play table games, you might be able to ask the pit boss for a line pass or a voucher.  $36.95 is a lot to pay, unless you can eat that much seafood and/or meat.  Are you up to the challenge?笑
The very good
Prime rib
Sushi and poke
Salmon and veg
Crab
Cheese cake
Pecan pie
Service

The berry bad
Brisket
Veggie sushi
Seaweed ocean salad

Overall not bad for the price. $37 for dinner weekdays. I'd come back again.笑
REVIEWING BREAKFAST .

We loved everything about the breakfast buffet .
Everything was cooked right and tasted great .
Eggs, bacon , sausage , toast , omelets , coffee , french toast etc笑
Incredible spread, matched only by the incredible line to get in and be seated. Two tips: Go slow and hit the seafood first. One friend "did the meats" and hardly put a dent in the array of beef, duck, pork and chicken that was cooked up that night. I tried to get "a little" salad only to find that there is no "little" of anything they serve you. Skip the sushi if you're able to get it on the outside. Sushi doesn't sit and wait well. Skip the frozen yogurt machine too. Fresh Choice this ain't. Take the opportunity to try dishes you've never tried, never heard of. Enjoy.笑
Very underwhelming, especially for being in Bellagio. Selection was limited compared to Bacchanal and the food just wasn't as good.

It might have been more acceptable at the regular price, but as it was December they had their holiday pricing which made it about $10 extra per person. I'm not sure what the difference was, but it still did not impress.

For the price, there are better options in town.笑
After tax, expect to be shelling out nearly $40, but it is well worth it. Plan on starving yourself all day before the dinner buffet, otherwise you'll regret not eating the extra 6 pounds of Alaskan king crab legs you could have shoved down your gullet otherwise. Everything I had was great, especially the kobe steak, porterhouse steak, lamb shanks, ahi nigiri, and beef bourguignon, beef wellington. Which leads me to my next bit of advise: if you go to this buffet, be a carnivore. It is probably not worth it if you are a vegetarian or vegan. Oh, don't fill up on carbs or salad here, but that should be obvious to any seasoned face-stuffer.笑
The Buffet, is one of the best Buffet in Las Vegas. They have a special menu for before the new year and after. Is an experience that you need to try, I won't have enough space to write about how great it it's. I have been coming for 7 consecutive years.笑
Longest wait ever for an expensive meal 
Service which was only drinks and dirty plates was terrible. Food mostly cold and not very appetizing. The best thing was their ice tea, always cold so don't forget to stop by for a great glass of tea笑
We enjoyed the pleasant surroundings and very ample choices of delicious food.  Service was great.笑
+1 Star: LOTS OF FOOOOOOOOD! crabs, shrimp, etc etc....
+1 Star: Spacious and big!
+1 Star: DESSERT BAR...OMG
+1 Star: Definitely a must taste if you're in an awesome area surrounded by many place see spots.
-1 Star: Long wait, so if your time in Vegas is limited...don't waste it!笑
My husband and I had planned to go here for the Sunday Brunch but thanks to our flight being delayed for 6 hours, we had to settle for a weekday breakfast instead but we weren't disappointed.

The selection of food was amazing. There were several stations with the typical breakfast choices of toast, fruit, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes to some lesser seen items such as eggs benedict, eggs florentine, apple cinnamon crepes and cheese blintzes. There was an omelette station, an asian station featuring curried duck, singapore noodles and some other choices (not really my choice for breakfast), a pizza station and much more.  The pastries were amazing and the croissants were "melt-in-your-mouth" good! For $15 a person, this is a great deal. Though, I couldn't quite understand why the couple sitting next to us paid all that money for just a couple of bowls of fruit.笑
We are visiting Las Vegas for a week.  yesterday was Bellagio's  turn for dinner buffet . The best buffet so far, food is fresh the tables  are clean and servers are on point. I have try 3 buffet's so far and this one is my number 1 .
I don't mind to pay for a good quality food, and Bellagio has all this .笑
This is by far the worst buffet I have ever been to.  My brother told me this was better than the Wynn buffet, but he must have been high on crack.  All of the food was really bland and the seafood was all frozen.  My husband and I are not picky eaters at all and we love us some buffet brunch, but we were both giving each other the "wtf" look after everything we tried.  He is sitting here now giving me a dirty look as I type this up because he wants to leave.  This is the first time in my life that I did not stuff myself to the point of pain at a buffet.  Sadly the food was so bad that I am leaving hungry.  Oh well, you live and you learn.  

Pros: if you only have a couple of people you can bypass the line and sit at the bar.  The staff is friendly and its was only 38 a person(no champagne).笑
It's sad to say, but one thing I was looking forward to the most was stuffing my fat ass at a buffet.  And boy did I do just that...  While the 9 others had thrown in the towel, I was still stuffing my face with Alaskan King Crab legs and tuna and salmon poke.

2 plates later.....

Still stuffing my face with Prime rib and more crab legs.

Here's a sneaky little trick:
Come in right before 3:30 to get in on lunch prices.  Dinner is served at about 4, so grab a quick snack, wait half an hour, and voila, dinner for the price of lunch.


I was extremely disappointed at my choice of foods, as I didn't get to try out any of the other buffet items, including many of the amazing desserts, because of my binge eating on crab legs.  

Everything here was so fresh and well prepared, and the service was excellent.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  I left not feeling bloated and like a chub, but happy and satisfied笑
Excellent food. Even the lettuce was fresh. Very very good tasty desserts. Everything tasted great from prime rib to a mahi-mahi all the way down to the basic Tuscan bean soup.笑
I don't understand the hype of this buffet. Personally I find it overpriced. For example the lunch buffet is only $22 and served from 11am-4pm. They other basic selections of pasta, meats, salads, and 1 sushi option, which is a California roll. Now dinner is 4-9/10 and is doubled the price per say, and includes all of the same items BESIDES an addition to cold crab legs and shrimp. I personally like crab legs hot, so I didn't enjoy. We ironically got there at 3:30pm, obtained lunch price and then experienced dinner for no extra charge. When I saw the dinner selection I was shocked that they would charge people almost doubled for the same thing. I suggest you do what we did to save money and go end of lunch. Good luck笑
So so so Dissapointing!!! My friend and I came for a late lunch on Monday, and paid the $19.99. You can also use your M Life rewards card to pay off the buffet, and include a credit card tip when paying as well. It wasn't too packed around 3 PM, and we were starving! We started with the salad bar, and then the side dishes for the meat, some pasta, some Chinese food, and the sad sad sushi bar. Lastly, the dessert bar.

So the Bellagio buffet is smaller than I had imagined, and isn't fancy inside like the Wynn. Our server was nice, brought us our drinks, and constantly took away our plates. So salad bar was typical, the sides we enjoyed were the broccolini, mashed potatoes and turkey gravy (a bit on the salty side), and the creamed spinach. I actually did not eat any of the meats, so I cannot vouch for that. The pastas were all overcooked and no good. I also noticed they had a lot of pesto options available, which is one of my favorites, but it was just mediocre. The pizza selection...there were about 8 different pizzas, but all were just drab. The pesto shrimp was the only one that was okay. The pepperoni was incredibly greasy and had a funky smell to it. There was a bacon and onion thin crust and it tasted so off. I also tried a vegetarian one with goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms, just okay too. 

The Chinese selection was the typical chow mein, fried rice, bok choy, and wonton soup. Chow mein and fried rice, just your typical buffet options. My friend said the wontons tasted like cardboard, so I didn't even try. 

Sushi...for lunch, all they had was california roll and vegetable rolls. At dinner time, they put out salmon and tuna nigri, and salmon and ahi poke salad. The salads were swimming in a sea of the Chinese hot sauce, and that's all it tasted like. I had my friend try, and she spit it out. 

We rolled into dinner time, and there wasn't that huge of a difference, except there were more people coming through. They brought out the king crab legs, and I never get this, but decided to, hoping something would redeem for this crappy experience. My crab was frozen. I let it thaw, and showed my friend the ice chips falling off. She got a non-frozen piece but said it was too salty. 

Desserts, ample selection. Their bread pudding is pretty good. Carrot cake is so sweet and not good. Eclairs have chocolate inside too, so too chocolate-y. The key lime tart was not good. The only ones that were okay were the mini fruit tart and white chocolate in a mini waffle cone (surprisingly not sweet). My friend and I were very dissapointed and would definitley not come back again.笑
What has happened to the Bellagio dining options?!?!?!?!?!?  This used to be my favorite Vegas buffet.  If going definitely do not go for lunch as the selection is terrible.

Lunch menu = salad bar, shrimp, a few random dried out entree choices.  

There is no dim sum and no crab legs at lunch!!!!!!  Rather disappointing.笑
Went here Monday 1/25/16. (Staying at the Bellagio. See my Jasmine review too.)  It was the only thing we had to eat the whole day.  My boyfriend devoured the crab legs, only to be on his death bed with food poisoning for two days.  It's ruined out trip.  It doesn't seem to surprise any of the staff when I tell them why I'm buying ten five dollar bottles of smart water.  And don't think they'd Comp the water given the circumstances, this place has gone from my favorite...  To a dump.  The whole lot of it.  A fifteen minute wait on a Monday night, half the tables were empty...  No stars...笑
I waited an hour to get into this place and for what? To eat mediocre food that I could have gotten at any other buffet. The only thing worth eating here was the kobe beef and a couple of the desserts. Those are the only positive things I can say about this place. The interior was nice but it's to be expected since it's located inside the Bellagio hotel.笑
Love to stop here at least once when in Vegas.  A little pricey but the quality of the food is good and lots to choose from.  Servers are decent but definitely here for the food.  Get there before you are starving as there is always a line.  My only issue would be when you pay at the register before being seated, there is a line on the credit card slip to add a tip.  If you aren't paying attention and fill out, how do they know who to give the tip to?  Or you end up tipping twice because you forgot you put that on the slip.  Just need to pay attention if paying by credit card.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is very large and has a wide variety of dishes, beginning with your typical meat selection, continuing on to pastas, pizzas, salads, sea food, variety of breads, fruits and desserts. Their is also a full bar in the middle of the dinning room. The area itself is very large, but is usually all full especially around dinner time. The service that I experienced was very good and fast paced. However, the line for the dinner buffet was quite lengthy, so my suggestion is get there before 7:30! The prices are not too bad, considering the wide variety of foods to choose from. That evening, the food was extremely salty and I think the chef could have done a much better job with the meats. My favorite part was definitely the sea food and the desserts.

 I would recommend going here for breakfast or brunch. Their breakfast/brunch buffet has AMAZING pancakes and french toast that I ate with the jam they offered. For lunch, the selection is pretty much the same as the one they had for dinner. Same meats, salads, pastas and desserts. If you go there for brunch, you can still get a late breakfast in and then start right away with lunch. I wish they could have had a more diverse selection for dinner, in addition to having less salt put in the food. Other than that, it was lovely and if you're traveling with family I would recommend checking it out.笑
I'm not sure about the previous reviews, but I definitely think that the Bellagio buffet has decreased in quality since I last came to Vegas. 

Price/Wait timeWe came a few days before New Years so of course, like any other buffet, we paid 'holiday' pricing of about $47 per person. The line wasn't long and we were quickly seated within 30 minutes (fast for 7PM), which worried me a bit. Really kind server; she took our drinks and kept coming back to check on us and refill our drinks. 

Food:
- If you love Asian food, or anything remotely related to pho, please DO NOT try the pho. They don't have typical pho rice noodles; it is just other Chinese noodles. The 'beef' broth is dark colored and very salty. It did not taste anything close to pho. It was more like canned broth, not really fresh. 

The sushi bar had tuna and salmon poke, assorted sashimi, and the only hand rolls available are the spicy tuna hand rolls. The spicy tuna hand roll must be specifically requested; spicy tuna and rice portions are small, but the seaweed used is good. Try the hand roll if you like tuna, but I recommend staying away from everything else. I've lived in Shanghai with the bad air and street food cooked with gutter oil so I have a strong stomach, but I'm pretty sure it was the weird tasting tuna and salmon poke that caused me to have diarrhea several hours later. BEWARE

They had 2 separate areas where you can find the crab legs. It makes it nice since there isn't a huge crowd fighting for crabs. The crabs were okay. I had some that I just ate ice. The crab itself didn't have much flavor. I just dipped the crab into some butter and added lemon juice on, but other than that, it was just okay. 

The meat was good. They had prime rib and kobe beef that I loved. 5/5 for sure!

I think my favorite party of the entire buffet...was the salad bar. Sadly, it was only because everything else just alright. They have a selection of three greens and a variety of toppings and dressings. Oil and vinegar are on the side of the bar. Definitely get some salad and add some prime rib pieces into it. It'll make your night, since everything else...won't.

Dessert was just alright. I didn't finish anything. Portions are small, which is nice, so you don't feel like you've wasted too much food when you don't finish. There is a pretty big selection. 

Overall, most likely not coming back. 
Food: 2/5. Service: 4/5. Overall: 2/5.笑
The dinner buffet at the Bellagio is one of the best buffets in Vegas, hands down. I've been to Vegas every year since turning 21 and each time I look forward to this buffet.

They have such a variety and high quality of food which separates it from the pack. They have Alaskan king crab, snow crab, shrimp, ribs, beef tenderloin, rack of lamb, kebobs, salad, sushi, sashimi, Asian favorites, pasta station, mussels, squid, and not to mention 20 types of desserts! I know the list above was not in any sort of order, but you get the idea.

This is a place you don't want to miss out on. Being a foodie, ive sat here for 2 hours before. 

Tips:
- come in between lunch and dinner (read between the lines)
- the guy at the pasta station will steam your snow crabs if you like them warm. 
- there will always be a long line so come before the huge crowds for lunch and dinner

--
Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/笑
Clean and good selection of food. I'm not a buffet fan, but having the stations manned make me feel like someone is watching out. The food was good.笑
I went out for dinner with my wife and two friends of ours on Sunday. We read online about the caviar bar on the weekends and the all you can drink margaritas, sparkling wine, bloody Mary and beer for an additional $11.99. We were looking forward to a nice dinner at a reasonable price for four teachers. 

We were ushered to the cashier. We told the cashier lady that we would like to add the $11.99 alcohol option and she responded roughly saying "YOUR server takes care of that." My wife and our friends just looked at each other as if we said something to offend her. It's not our problem if the cashier has to clarify the details to customers. It's part of her job to make every customer understand any questions they might ask about her place of employment. Not a good first impression, GRADE: F

We paid, we're seated, then our waiter (Alfredo) came and ask what we would like to drink. We told him all of us would like the alcohol option and started to order margaritas and ask if he could bring us wine after the margaritas. Then he pointed out that we can only make one choice between the four alcohol options. Alfredo was apologitic and made other beverage suggestions which was nice of him. He is a good employee who tried to protect the company. But to me, my wife and our two friends, this is deceptive marketing. I don't think we were the first to be fooled and definitely won't be the last. All four of us canceled the alcohol option and ordered ice teas. Alfredo then let us know that he was going home and Richard was going to take care of us. Our new waiter Richard was attentive and made sure our drinks were always full. Not a good second impression because of the misleading advertisement but Alfredo and Richard made up for it. GRADE: B

Then all four of us went to get some appetizers. We searched for the caviar bar but we're unable to find it. I asked a person next to me if she knew where the caviar is and she said she's also looking for it. We both approached a lady who was working in the sushi section and asked where the caviar bar is. She said it's only on Friday and Saturday.  So we both said that we thought it's served on the weekends and Sunday is a weekend.  The lady in the sushi section replied to us, "yes, the weekends but not on Sunday." More misleading information. Not a good third impression, GRADE: F

I told my wife and our two friends that not only were we mislead about the alcohol option but also the caviar bar on weekends. All four of us quickly finished our meals, gave a 20% tip and left.

Price = average for a strip resort.
Cashier = not acceptable, poor front line customer service.
Our waiters Alfredo and Richard = above average.
Food = average, nothing stood out.
Advertisment = not acceptable, misleading tactics.


Overall = Two stars, one for Alfredo, one for Richard. Will not come back, the deception left a bad taste. Will definitely use this experience in future class projects.笑
Food was good and our server was great. The management is very rude to their employees, especially those that are latino. I didn't like to see that and this is why I'm eating a 1. There is no need to make someone feel like they are less than you笑
What's not to love about a good buffet? 
About 22 for lunch, 35 for dinner after tax is included.
I've never had a bad experience here.. everything tastes pretty awesome!
Drinks are a bit pricey though, and not included in the buffet price. Stick with water.笑
My friends and I went to the Buffet at Bellagio on Sunday during our stay. It was my friend's birthday so her pick. The buffet is pretty reasonably priced (about $45/person on Sunday evening) and it is one of the cleanest buffets I've ever seen. They have a great seafood selection (sushi, caviar, chilled crab legs, steamed crab legs, crab claws, cocktail shrimp, salmon poke, etc.) which was what I spent most of my time on (the salmon poke was my absolute favorite thing I ate there). The crab legs were not that good - the chilled ones are split in half but had a weird flavor, and the steamed ones weren't cooked well (hard to crack properly). The crab legs I get at a casino buffet here in Michigan are much better. The dessert selection is large and looked really awesome, but I'm not a dessert person. There wasn't really anything too outrageously awesome on the buffet, but a couple people in our group really liked the caviar. Overall I enjoyed the food, but I would like to check out a different one if I come back.笑
Not as good as the Rio buffet, but it's worth going to! Sometimes the line is way too long and we end up going somewhere else... It's not worth a 2 hour wait (no buffet is) it is a little pricy compared to other buffets and there is no local discount  so keep that in mind as there are plenty of places that love local business.笑
We came here for New Year's Brunch. I would've rated it better at its normal price of $17.99, but at the holiday price of $35.99, it just wasn't good enough. 

There was a solid 30-minute wait around 12:30 p.m., but once we were in, it was free flowing. The service staff is very nice, but it was difficult to track them down at times when you needed a refill or new utensils. 

Food-wise, it just didn't blow me away. The Alaska snow crab legs and King crab legs were definitely crowd favorites, and the bluenose was incredible. The various stations also had some good stuff. But the sushi was completely off and the dessert wasn't up to par. The dessert! That's like the key to a good buffet. (Well, not really, but you get my sentiments.) 

Overall, go if it's the regular price and if you enjoy seafood. Otherwise, probably won't be as good as you expected for your dollars' worth.笑
I think I came here on the wrong day. Yeah it has some high end food, but honestly I don't think it was worth the $28.95 for dinner on a Tuesday. I mean I've had it before, but it was on a Friday and that was a few years ago. Back then, the food was amazing so I guess I can see why its much better on the weekends.

They had chicken wellington, but it was too dry for my taste. I helped myself to a lot salmon nigiri, but the rice was too pasty. I do like how the slab of salmon is just right and not too puny like at the Mirage. They had this cooking station that made this French dish where you pick your seafood, veggies, and type of sauce poured onto the kind of bread used for wellington. My creation consisted of salmon, scallops, and shrimp mixed with onions, tomatoes, peppers. All of the following were stir fried then mixed in with pesto sauce. I don't remember the actual name of the dish, but it was one of the very few things I enjoyed. That and the pesto mashed potatoes. Hmmm, I guess I have a thing for pesto sauce. 

Besides the dishes I just mentioned, my meal wasn't that memorable. For 29 doll hairs I expected better. Not bad, but not that great. Go on the weekend. it may be more expensive, but they have better food.笑
Bellagio Buffet? Wynn Buffet? The Vegas Buffet Debate!

IMO, the Bellagio is the winner and it's the dessert that puts it on top!  It was a friend's 25th birthday celebration-fest and we decided to do a group dinner at the Bellagio Buffet.  I called an hour before-hand to give the buffet a heads up that we were rolling with 19 people.  They don't really take reservations so we still had to wait in line but they managed to save us two tables right next to eachother!

There's sooo much food I didn't know where to start!  The meat carving station was serving up kobe beef, prime rib, ostrich, turkey, beef wellington, and more!  The kobe beef and prime rib were SO deliciously tender.  Other highlights: poke tuna (so fresh), prepared salads area, pastas, vegetarian pizza, mac n cheese, three different kinds of potatoes!!!  

For dessert I limited myself to three dishes and had the apple pie (really yummy), coconut macaroon (just okay), and the DELICIOUS chocolate covered strawberries.  They were dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and swirled chocolate covered. YUMMMMMM.

After tax and gratutity (because we had a large party) it came out to be about $45 per person for the Saturday night dinner buffet.

Stuffed.笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio is by far my favorite of all of the buffets I have visited in Las Vegas. The wait can be extremely long but I always feel it is worth it. The service is pretty good, some times better than others, but the food variety is beyond compare. Incredible selections from sushi to meats to even the breads! I know it seems silly to get bread at a buffet but it was PRETZEL BREAD!

I would say the only food variety that was not as great was the Dessert selection, I think the Wynn buffet wins in that department. But for everything else, Bellagio is my favorite!笑
I got 5 plates of food so I think I make enough rounds to judge the place.  

Now first off, where the hell is the pasta station?  I remember there being a pasta station before.  Maybe that was at another place.  Disappointing.

The seafood was really good. As was the prime rib, crab, duck, quail, and crab.  Fresh made spicy tuna rolls were proper.

I recommend this place but I was expecting more.  In particular the lamb was NOT properly marinated.笑
Somewhat disappointed at buffet even though I definitely got filled up and nothing was horrible. I guess the hype raised expectations. First, we were 4 people and the waitress gave us one cracker for the table. There was no king crab which was weird since so many reviews mention them. If they weren't available they maybe should let you know in advance. The snow crab was served ice cold. I much prefer them hot. Everything else I tried was good and the lamb chops were really good but a chocolate mousse pastry was awful. So if you don't have great expectations you can stuff yourself silly for $37 which is not bad for Vegas.笑
I always heard to try the buffets in Vegas but whenever I hear the word "buffet," I think of mass-produced lo mein and grease. So when my Vegas group wanted to try the buffet at the Bellagio, I didn't know what to expect. We came here for lunch and I was overwhelmed with the amount of food there was! Jason S. had said the dinner here was to die for but we were pleasantly surprised that the lunch line wasn't long and for $20 a person there was a delicious variety of goodies to eat! The best part for me was the smoked salmon and fresh fruits. I was very shocked that they had such good food for such a steal! I haven't tried the dinner here but I do recommend lunch here. 

Bring sweat pants, large muu-muu dresses, or pants with elastic waist bands because you'll want to eat EVERYTHING!笑
This buffet was one of the best at one point. Didn't live up to the previous experiences but it was still good. Labor day holiday so the prices were still a little high. Welcome to Vegas.笑
This is kid of weird for me, b/c I'm not a fan of buffets at all. I ate here when it first opened, but I recently returned here on another vegas trip, and you know what, it was pretty good. I liked the variety of food they have, and to me, a lot of buffets end up tasting the same after a while. This was actually not the case, they had quite a few things I found to be good. I liked the crab legs, the rack of lamb, and the spicy tuna hand rolls were awesome. I don't spend a lot of time on desserts but some friends thought they were adequate. I also did like the crepes they had, the chicken and mushroom was also worth noting. I wish I could of tried more, but tried not to over indulge due to me dieting, but I wish I wasn't.笑
Hands down the best Buffet I tried in Vegas (by a long shot) - and at $32 per person pretty reasonable- come on folks it's Vegas! We got there early which was great since there seems to be quite a line otherwise.

I thought the carving stations were by far the best! All of the meat was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection! The salads actually are quite delicious too- and usually that's something I steer clear from in a buffet- but don't miss out! Desserts were excellent - my favorite being the Tiramisu. 

What to avoid:

Cold crab legs :/ Ugh! What a disappointment, I usually love crab legs and I do not want them served on ice or re-heated for that matter. This alone was reason for minus one star. The sushi was also not very delicious. They had some sashimi which was a little mushy but I can't complain a lot here because I don't think sushi stands much of a chance when served buffet-style.笑
After the Wynn, this is the next best buffet in Vegas. A variety of unique dishes. A dessert bar that has something for everyone. Especially loved the chocolate covered strawberry station. Crab legs and lobster tail to your hearts content. A little pricey but I'd prefer spending that $20 or $30 more to eat here rather than the buffets at the other casinos.笑
line was ridiculously long, breakfast was $25.95 and the eggs were a runny mess.笑
Mid week brunch/lunch. 

Just like the Asian cheapasses we are, we came right before the breakfast changeover into lunch so we paid $19.99 for breakfast vs. $21.99 for lunch.

For the breakfast items, it was all the predictable things. The standouts were eggs benedict and pesto grilled tomato. The hollandaise on the benedict actually had tang like it's supposed to. The tomato had a thin crunchy panko topping.

They started changing out the brekkie stuff way before 11am.  It took about 30 mins until it was all changed over, with many lunch items still covered in plastic with no serving utensils until many minutes later.

So second plate consisted of cold seafood salads. Lots of shrimp and calamari, some green lip mussels, and none of them were that great. Shrimp were kinda powdery, calamari was chewy.

Third plate, still no lunch food put out yet, so I get some cold cuts and smoked salmon. The salmon was in the exact place as the cold seafood salads, yet it was there and gone in an instant and never replaced. No cream cheese anywhere, not even by the bagels.

Fourth plate, now they have some lunch stuff out. Got some salmon and non descript white fish (thankfully not tilapia bc that stuff is vile). Creamy polenta and asparagus, warm mussels (the cold ones were better). And some shrimp/pork wonton woup. Fish was tasteless and gross. Polenta was the best I had all meal. Wontons were great but not what I excepted to be the best from the Asian section, which was severely lacking.

Plate five. Skirt steak OMG nice pink in the center but also a huge sinew in there too. Inedible and also not seasoned enough. Spring roll was gross and oily on the outside. Sushi: only offer CA rolls or veggie rolls. 

Last plate. Giving up, getting dessert. Large strawberries is a plus. Also with watermelon and honeydew, but I don't get that gross cantaloupe. The fruit tarts were good, with the cream not too sweet, but the Napolean was way too sweet and the layers not flaky. Flan was great.

Overall, the ONLY thing I went back for seconds or thirds was the polenta. I know how much butter and calories is in there though! Everything else was meh or spit out gross.

Bf had brisket, turkey and ribs. All practically inedible.

Asian section severly lacking.

Bottlenecks aka cluster****s at every station.

No crab legs at lunch (Aria has them for same price).

I noticed even though they took away plenty of brekkie items way before 11, they kept serving and making pankcake, waffles, and french toast well into lunch (cheap fillers).

Redeeming quality was our server. Always came back to plates cleared and drinks refilled.笑
Enjoyed this buffet each day we stayed at the Bellagio. Breakfast was probably my favorite time to go!! From the omelette to the biscuits and gravy to the French toast. Was good!笑
This is a pretty blah buffet once you've had the best (Wynn).  The meats are salty and overspiced (swimming in too many sauces). The crab legs are too salty, the salads are kinda gross, and their pastas taste like they're from a can.  Their pizza, however, was pretty darn good. 

The service is pretty bad here - the servers are so overworked that you barely get any face time with them. They'll leave 3 glasses of coke on your table which is great in terms of saving time on their end, but bad for the diner cuz they get watered down at the 2nd glass. The entire place is LOUD with plates clanking people moving around and servers yelling at each other for help.... skip this place and go to teh Wynn instead.笑
The first time I tried it was with my family and parents many years ago. We were all very impressed, with the crab legs, and the creme brulee. I haven't really gone recently as its too expensive and especially the long wait, and buffets force you to eat more than you'd like to anyway. Will need to go back and see how it is now.笑
This was not the amazing extravagance that the "top" rated buffet in Vegas  I used to remember. Only 2 active chef stations and they took the bacon and eggs away at 1 pm!!笑
The Bellagio buffet does not live up to the hype. While the selection of the food is pretty good during dinner, the flavors of just about everything I tried was mediocre at best. Everything was either overcooked or oversalted, especially the crab legs, which tasted like it had been boiled in pure salt water after being split in half. The only savory food I enjoyed was the salmon and ahi poke and grilled asparagus. The dessert station here is pretty small and pathetic as well, especially compared to the buffets at the Wynn and Paris. At least the tiramisu and apple cobbler I tried were good, since many of the other desserts fell flat. 

The only good thing about my experience here was that we paid lunch prices ($20) for dinner on a weekend, since the nice Asian hostess hurried our party of four in through the guarded entrance just 3 minutes before 4 pm. 

I guess one has to accept the fact that a buffet is still a buffet at the end of the day.笑
This buffet was my favorite for many years, but gradually they went downhill for a while and I stopped going there ... it was like they just got cheap and the prices didn't warrant that.  I then went to Wynn for a lot of years before giving Bellagio another chance last weekend.  OK ... they are doing better.  I would say they currently are on a par with Wynn and Wynn recently seems to have raised prices.  Bellagio is edging them out for value.  Wynn was running very close to $50 and it was early afternoon and not crab time.  Bellagio was cheaper than that and it was dinner prices.笑
Staying in a VIP penthouse, I was lucky to cut all the way to front of the line with the VIP access. I overheard the wait time for a Sunday morning was an hour long :0  
Inside, there was a hugeee variety of food options. They ranged from breakfast to lunch options to dinner and desserts. I wanted to make sure I enjoyed as much as can fit in my tummy since it was my first time at the buffet. I wasn't much of a fanatic for the breakfast options.

Breakfast: 

French-toast - least favorite/lacked flavor 
Pancakes 
Breakfast potatoes 
Cereal 
Omelette 
 .

Lunch/Dinner : 

Ravioli (****AMAZING****)
Chicken wings 
Veggie soup 
Mashed potato w/ gravy - least favorite 

Dessert: 

Tiny fun size pumpkin pie slice 
Fruit 
Flan - least favorite 


Again, those were the portions I chose to eat Keep in mind there are plenty more options. .I payed $40 for entry and the drinks along with condiments (ketchup , drinks, milk . etc) are brought out upon request. Gratuity included with the $40. Also, one minor bother is that there are only 3 restroom stalls and I found myself waiting in line a few times when I could have spent my time eating some more of that delicious cheese Ravioli !! Regarding the service, it was very attentive and my empty plates weren't stacked up for long. Servers were constantly cleaning up and removing the plates that were in the way. 

I would eat here again to try the remaining that my full tummy couldn't take anymore. Overall, the food is satisfying and my dear Ravioli , i hope to taste you again.笑
Worth every penny of the $86 tab for two people. The flavors POPPED in every dish.
Very nice selection and the staff was a great help constantly coming around asking if you want drinks and clearing your table.
I know it's simple but the chicken noodle soup is a must try.笑
Really underwhelmed by the quality of food. The spread is huge but there are hardly any items worth remembering. People were going for the snow crabs, but not being a raw seafood lover, I didn't like the rest of the offering. I don't think I will go there again.

Now that I think of it, the last time I went there, the only things I liked were the salads, dessert and the buttered corn. This time there was no corn, desserts were mediocre. The only good thing remaining is the mixed salad. Definitely not paying $40 for that!笑
Good food, but overpriced  The wait is long during peak hours, but that is to be expected for most buffets in Vegas.  If the price was half the price, then I'd give the buffet at Bellagio 4 stars.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food does not justify the price of the buffet.

Bottom line, your money would be better spent elsewhere for the same quality of food at a lower price.  You can gamble your savings away at the slot machines and maybe win a jackpot instead.笑
Good selection of food, I've been there a few times on the weekend for the "gourmet" dinner buffet.  Great selection of food, decent quality.  My favorite dish is the rack of lamb when they have it. Desserts are also very wonderful, they have creme brulee! YUM!  Service however is never all that great, it's on and off had good and bad experiences.笑
One of the best buffets in Vegas!

Yes this buffet can get pricey but it has some of the best quality food on The Strip. 

Good: Tasty, tasty, tasty!

Bad: This place is pricey and the lines can get really long. 

Final: If you want to go to a great Vegas buffet, this is the place to go!笑
Great buffet experience in Vegas.  Delicious food and fine dining area.  Great variety of food from around the world.  Don't forget to reserve room for dessert, there are lots of lots of them.笑
This was one of Vegas best buffets. Now, it can be put to shame by any campus feeding troth. Plastic coffee and drink cups! Get your own drink. I want my money back. Avoid.笑
I gave it 5 stars because I've eaten at several buffets in Vegas and there's only one other that compares (Bachanal Buffet at Ceasar's Palace). I'm going to include this at the top of my review: IF THERE ARE ONLY TWO OF YOU...DO NOT WAIT IN LINE. Go to the front and ask to sit at the bar. The wait was over 45 minutes, but thanks to another reviewer, we read that smaller parties can sit at the bar and jump the line. Just ask the hostess to check for you. Our entire meal lasted almost 2 hours and we were the only two people sitting there so we got to know our bartender and had a great time. 

We went here for dinner and even though it's over $40 per person for dinner, it's cheaper than two people eating at any of the high end restaurants in the Casino. Some of the pasta was a little over cooked, but the selection was great and the desserts were awesome. Mini creme brulee, eclairs, tiramisu, soft serve ice cream, Frangelico cups, macaroons, carrot cake, etc The dessert bar at Ceasar's is definitely larger, but the Bellagio's was still impressive and everything on it was great. For dinner, there were two types of fish, two types of crab legs, cocktail shrimp, several meat carving stations, mid grade sushi that I didn't try because I'm picky and there were things that looked better, salad, pizza, and pastas. The bread selection was good with several artisan breads and our service was great. I forget her name, but she was just the cutest southern lady and we had a great time talking with her while we ate.笑
Probably one of the better buffets that I've been to so far. For around $23, we had a tremendous buffet for lunch. Highlights include the assortment of fresh greens and veggies for salads, the pizza, the flank steak (accompanied by mashed potatoes and roasted baby mushrooms!), and the shrimp cocktail. The desserts looked incredible, but were only average, unfortunately; the cheesecake is quite good, though!

The only disappointing thing is that they didn't have crab legs or prime rib for the lunch, apparently it's for dinner only. I would recommend this place highly! Go early, though, lines can be brutal.笑
I really enjoyed myself here. The food was delicious. The omelet station was great (although the lady working that station didn't listen to what people requested on their omelet). The macaroons were simply delicious! As well the sushi selection was large.  *Suggestion: provide a discount for children they don't eat 35 dollars worth of food!笑
Enh. Not thoroughly impressed. The waffles, pancakes and French toast were tough and stale. And some of the pre-made salads were bitter. Everything else was decent--especially the cookies and Japanese cuisine. I guess you can't beat the fairly low price ($26+tax). Otherwise, I wasn't impressed with the style or layout. Also, the lighting in there sucks IMO. Maybe this used to be the best buffet in Vegas, but I think the Wynn has the top spot on lockdown!笑
I like this buffet. Lots of choices. Good food. Clean place. Good staff. Although the wait is long for what it is. I'm ok with it. The food is pretty decent. Dessert station is ok. I wish there would be more options or something unique to remember them by like other high end Vegas buffets, but can't really complain. There are better buffets around now on the strip. Used to be a top contender but getting out dated. Needs some sprucing up, menu re-vamping. Staff is GREAT THO! Very nice, quick, accommodating! I'd give staff alone 5/5.笑
Went to this buffet for lunch. It was pretty good. Compared to the Wynn lunch, it was better. The price ($19.95) was not too bad. Lots of selection. Lamb, pork, turkey, salads, seafood, chinese, italian, all hot, all good. Dessert, was also pretty good. Anyway, there isn't much to say about buffets.笑
The food was great. Tons of seafood and high quality dishes. The champagne kept flowing and the service was great. My favorite Vegas buffet. Worth every penny.笑
I was watching the Travel channel last year it was the All you can Eat Paradise show. I told my self the next time I went to Vegas I knew I wanted to visit and see for myself. So for 30th Birthday I wanted to go to Vegas and I did. I told everyone that went with me and we need to go that and try it. So we went and it was Lunch time. It wasn't as busy as I heard for Dinner. It did not disappoint me. everything was great. The next time you go to Vegas I recommend that you visit The Bellagio and eat at their Buffet. It's pricey but worth the money.笑
Only Three stars for something at the Bellagio? Yes, its beautiful. By far one of the most stunning on the strip but the buffet just falls flat compared to others in the area. 

It is crowed with a very hard to navigate sections that never really flow from one area to the other. We have been for both dinner and brunch and feel like they dont have "like foods" next to each other. Pasta next to cheese blintz next to smoked salmon. Then no salmon by the bagels for example. 

I do think the staff here is wonderful, very kind and have always been right on top of taking away dishes and drink refills. The food quality is good but the selections need some work.笑
They have a good spread and surprisingly good number of vegetarian options available. When I went this past Monday, they had Thai/Malaysian, Italian (pizzas and pastas), salads, soups, sushi (with vegetarian rolls) and steak available. Their dessert spread was massive! One can also enjoy a non-alcoholic beverage as a part of the buffet. Overall a very good meal.笑
I came here for dinner not knowing what to expect. I heard that it was one of the best buffets on the LV strip. All the options were good but there were few compared to the buffets in the area. The crab legs were well seasoned but the came cold and you had options to get them steam. The deserts were okay, several of the options were gluten free and sugar free. I enjoyed the unlimited wine/beer options. Overall I would come again笑
Food was absolutely horrible ! Everything was cold, bland, or over seasoned. The sad part about the the whole experience it cost me $50.00.

If you asked me to describe Bellagio Buffet in three words: Baby Green Poop笑
Excellent food, prime rib, crab, roast beef, lamb were all good. NIce array of mini desserts that weren't cheapy tasting, a real chef designs and prepares this food.  The price is hefty for 4 it's about $170, so plan to go slow or you will get full and not get to try it all!笑
Eat It OR Beat It?
**EAT IT!!**

Bellagio buffet is amazing! They've got all kinds of food and the best part about it is the quality of the food. Ya, you can pay $20 somewhere else and get the same array of foods but who knows how long its been sitting there. At the end of the day, when I can't make it to the Bellagio, the Wynn buffet and Paris buffet are other great alternatives!

CONCLUSION:
EAT IT! and be a fatty! eat eat eat!笑
Breakfast here is amazing. For some reason, the orange juice and coffee taste way better here during breakfast. The orange juice is completely filled with pulp which makes it feel like you are eating an orange in every gulp. 

What I love about this buffet is that they have smoked salmon, and plenty of it, even during breakfast! The smoked salmon is so rich and so smooth, very very good. The eggs benedict is also another of my favorites here. They make breakfast perfectly with all their wide selections of food.

Dinner here is also pretty good, but I would have to say dinner at the Wynn buffet definitely beats this one out. The prime rib is not as tender here as at the Wynn and the other selections are not as good. Don't get me wrong though it is still a top notch buffet for dinner, just not the best Vegas can offer.

The service here is really nice, the waiters actually make conversation with you if wanted, for example telling some interesting stories, etc. They also come and ask if you need a refill instantly when they see that you are near empty.

Ambiance and atmosphere here is also not as good as the Wynn. This buffet does not make you feel like a high end dining experience, it kind of feels like you are dining at some restaurant such as a Denny's.笑
For almost a $40 dinner, I expected some amazing food. Instead, I got a huge line for the seafood section, limited options, and a tiny desert section. The prime rib was tough (I even asked for a steak knife (which they didn't have) because I couldn't cut through with their dull butter knives), crab legs were pre-cut, and the deserts were disappointing. 

What's with the long line for this place? Definitely not worth it.笑
Good breakfast brunch but not great.  Eggs, omlets, fruits, breads and coffee.  I mean is that worth $37?  Could just go to Dennys for less then half that.笑
This last time I was in Vegas, we wanted to take a co-worker who had never been to Vegas to a traditional buffet.  We were debating between a few and since The Buffet at Bellagio was a classic, we decided to go there.

It's not exactly how I remembered it to be, but it's definitely still a good buffet.  Lots of selection of every type of food.  I was actually surprised that there were 3 carving stations! You'll be sure to get your fix of salads, charcuterie, sushi, sashimi, meats, seafoods, Asian food, Italian and plenty of desserts.   Surprisingly, their coffee was really good!

All in all, nothing WOW'd me, and for $38, I'm not sure if I'd likely go back...but if you're looking for a traditional Vegas buffet to go to, this is still probably towards the top of my list.笑
A good buffet and a nice selection with a very reasonable price. Food service seems to be clean and professional, service was attentive, warm and quick, overall it's pretty good.笑
I wasn't that impressed... I thought the Spice Market at the Planet Hollywood (Aladdin) was a lot better.  There's a lot of selection here - but more doesn't necessarily mean better.

There wasn't a lot for Chicken-eaters to eat.笑
UMM, can you say overrated? Either the people who rated highly of this buffet had not eaten at any other buffets in Vegas or they had a really off night when I came in!

THEY DEDICATE 1/4 OF THE BUFFET TO BREAD FOR GOODNESS SAKE! A $40 per person buffet that does this, really? The best thing I had here was the california roll and that was only because they used real crab meat in it! The service was also very good but that was because we sat at the bar. 

Can someone tell me what's so special about this buffet? If your response is prime rib, cold shrimp or crab, I have news for you  - EVERY BUFFET IN VEGAS OFFERS THESE ITEMS! & THEY WON'T CHARGE YOU $40 TO GET THEM!

Here are some buffets that definitely tops the Bellagio: #1 Rio Carnival World Buffet, #2 Rio Seafood Buffet, #3 Wynn Buffet!笑
3.5 stars.  I'm deeply disappointed by this place.  I was looking forward to having a nice Saturday Champagne brunch.  The price was definitely enticing..only $28 something including Champagne.  I thought of how much fun I had at the Bally's Steakhouse buffet and wanted to try another "high end Strip buffet".  The Bellagio came highly recommended but fell far short.  Nice hotel and five diamond reputation don't equate to kickass brunches.  Not a lot of value for money.

To be fair, food quality is definitely good.  Prime rib was the best of all the places I ate at in Vegas, juicy and perfectly medium rare (at last it appears someone in Vegas knows how to operate a meat thermometer).  Good breakfast foods, especially the bacon.  Downside...lots of filler material.  Crappy looking sushi.  Smoked salmon had the grey bloodlines trimmed off which is a nice touch (shows a bit of refinement).  Shrimp cocktail was bigger than most places.

The waiting line is like Disneyland..it takes a deceptively long time to be seated so don't wait until you're famished and make sure you're not gonna puke from being hung over.  

My biggest gripe is that for a hotel like Bellagio that makes so much damn money off us stupid tourists...why are there no crab legs, lobster tails, or oysters on the Saturday brunch?  I'd expect that from a a place this opulent.  

And the Champagne is a sham.  The $5 extra charge is not worth it.  They're pouring Frexinet Cava from Spain, yup at a whopping $6 a bottle retail, the house beat you even if you tank the entire bottle.  At least pour Domaine Chandon...come on!

The sevice wasn't particularly good.  I think AAA or Mobil's secret shoppers forgot to hit the buffet when they were rating this hotel.笑
The food was either tasteless of just bad. There were many options and the presentation was great - very beautiful buffet. But we left disappointed by the lack of any real flavor. It all seemed like mass-produced food that was made somewhere else and brought in. Our server was wonderful and for that and the presentation I'm giving two stars.笑
A Vegas trip is not complete without a trip to the Buffet.  And the number one buffet trip in my books has to be the one at Bellagio.  I fell in love with this place the first time I've tried it years ago and I make sure to visit it each time I'm in Vegas.  They have the most yummy selection of meats, pastas, seafoods, salads, and desserts!  I love their creme brulee!  It's so rich and creamy.  Their prime rib makes me drool just thinking of it.  

The line here is super long, but if you're an M life player with some good ratings, you can cut right to the front of the line.  I was able to have that VIP treatment this weekend, courtesy of a good friend's player rating.  :)笑
The finest buffet I've ever been to in my entire life. They had all types of seafood from fish, to crab legs, to lobster and and shrimp cocktail. They had all kinds of meats from beef, to lamb to . . . venison? Wow! All delicious, all varieties and all amazing! For a $25 dinner price it was a steal! I dream of "The Buffet at Bellagio" to this day.笑
ehhhhhh.. I've been to better but then again the price for the buffet is unbeatable. 27 dollars?! I'm all over that YET I expected a little bit more from Bellagio.

The food was extremely good A LOT of variety yet always picked over. I won't even get started on what they have there. Lets just say everything from macaroni and cheese to beef wellington. 

They food staff (people where you get the food) are very nice BUT the servers (people who get you drinks etc when you're sitting down) are rude, inconsistent and SLOW. They reminded me of being at a denny's at 3am in the morning. 

Other than that.. price is cheap.. food is good not GREAT but the people who work there (In my opinion) Should not be able to work for a place like the bellagio.. More of a Macdonald's atmosphere when they are around.笑
A decent buffet, although it seems to be more quantity than quality.  Service was minimal with what they can get away with.  Nothing is exceptional here; the sushi is average and meat cart is rather ordinary.  I am not a fan of raw oyster or crab legs, but my friends got their fill and were pretty happy.  The 3-4 times I did come here, there wasn't lobster so I guess I was SOL in that regard because other than that, there wasn't much else to look forward to.  Still, there is enough to sample a little bit of everything and still go for seconds.

I liked their chocolate covered strawberries and fruit tarts, but I don't think it's worth going through a buffet for a few desserts.  Personally, I'd rather forego the long line and hit up Bouchon or Wynn Cafe in Vegas over the buffet.笑
The brunch is AWESOME!  for a measly 28 bucks you get to stuff your face AND get bottomless mimosas (and the OJ in them is good!)  This was my second time here and will definitely be back.  The food was awesome too.  I would like to try the dinner buffet sometime...笑
Now this is a satisfying experience and should be able to please most people. They scam you a little bit though by not telling you upfront that the japanese and italian stations do not lay out their stuff until noon. We were there at 11am, as were many others and by noon we had already eaten at other stations and were reasonably full. But we loved the decor, most of the food that was available to us. When the sushi finally came up it was better than sushi I have eaten at other buffets..Hope that helps!笑
we went for dinner on saturday. the line was so long. i think we waited for about an hour or so. it was about $36 +18% gratuity since we had a party of 12. one of the guys was like 'if they dont have beef wellington, we're going some where else" so he walked in and checked. good thing because that beef wellington was so good! so tender and flavorful with the sauce on top. the shrimp cocktail was also good. their crab legs are cut long ways so you dont have to fuss with any cracking or getting your hands dirty. their creme brulee was also really good. they also have soft serve, one machine with vanilla and chocolate and the other machine with peach and raspberry sorbet. the sorbet was really good. they picked up our plates pretty fast and also refilled our drinks promptly. i think the bellagio buffet is still one of the top buffets in vegas.笑
The Bellagio buffet has gone down hill.  The food quality and variety was ok.  The service was slow.  It used to be much better several years ago.  The empoyees looked unhappy, and unethusiastic.  It showed in the way they worked and dealt with customers.  I won't be going back anytime soon.笑
Dinner, For the price, not much selection and food was just ok, I would expect better.  Carrot cake is great笑
Beautiful cold crab legs, wonderful mini creme brule! I love it so much!笑
This was our second time here. The first time we loved it but this time we were very disappointed.  The food was mediocre.  Not very big selection. We arrived at 2:45 so we got the back end of brunch and beginning of dinner. The bbq was very dry. The crab legs were very salty. They were very stingy on the cavier. 

The chicken noodle soup was good. The dessert was ok. For the price the buffet was ok but I wouldn't pay any more then that. 

We also had the ceasers buffet by far much more selection.笑
This used to be my go to buffet in Vegas! It still is pretty good but being a veteran of this buffet sadly the quality has gone down from what it used to be.

The day we went it was on holiday pricing for Mexican Independence day so the price was about $47 each "out the door."

I always enjoy the choice of king crab legs or snow crab legs here. The king crab are a draw where most buffets only have snow crab legs. I like the fact that they are sliced open for you.

The prime rib I ate was amazing while my friends was more well done and didn't  look appealing once you  saw the piece I got. I also tried the lamb which was tasty. 

They had tons of pizza, lower end sushi, chicken, corn on the cob, cheeses, salads, fruits, Chinese and Mexican dishes, a taco bar, etc...

The dessert bar has definetly gone down hill! Where's the gelato man!

Don't get me wrong even at $47 bucks you  break even with crab legs and prime rib and most of the food is pretty good but it's just not like it used to be.

The Mexican Independence pricing was annoying though. It wasnt even a national holiday that day. Seemed like a gimmick to raise the price.

Our server was very efficient.笑
Brunch is good.  It's not outlandishly overpriced and the food is pretty decent, especially relative to other Vegas buffets.  You have pretty standard breakfast / lunch options and there isn't one cultural theme to the food.  Quality and presentation-wise, I would say it's at least a few notches above Denny's lol.

I'm not a huge fan of buffets (at least when I'm paying for them), cuz you can obviously get better, tastier food for the same or cheaper at a regular restaurant.  However, buffets are a part of the Vegas experience, and the Bellagio brunch buffet is good enough that I would come back.笑
This is comparable to the Rio Village Seafood Buffet.  I like the sushi and dessert at Rio better.  But Bellagio has its good points too.  Price is cheaper at Bellagio...last time I checked.  But I've been hearing through the grapevine that Rio has dropped their price to $34.99 from $43.笑
I really liked the quality of food. And it is weird that I liked the coke they provide.

There were so many choices of food and I wished I had bigger stomach so I can eat more.

The desserts were absolutely delicious and not too sweet.笑
OMG, awesome buffet! So many choices of dessert!! I love the grits and the mashed sweet potato. The line wasn't long because I got there around 4ish. The price you pay does pay off, so go hungry, chill and digest. 

They have a sushi area, salad area, italian, chinese, dessert. Many choices to choose from and they have a bunch of variety of fish dish. The salad area has a lot of fresh veggies and fruits, which is a PLUS. 

The place is a bit hidden, or maybe I just had a hard time finding, but once 5pm or 6pm comes round, you'll see a long line.笑
This place is awesome during their Sunday Brunch.  I have to admit, this is the first buffet where everything I have taken to sample, I have actually eaten and finished.  Most buffets I go to, I get a sample and if I don't like the dish I will just leave it and venture off to another dish.  This is the first buffet where I've cleaned up the plate after every dish I have tried.  Good job Bellagio!!!  It is worth every penny during their Sunday Brunch.笑
It's still all about the bellagio for vegas strip brunch.  Although Hash House a Go Go is worth renting a car and venturing out for.笑
Complete gluttony.
Everything you want.  Anything you want.  As much as you want.
Whatever you want.

Sounds very vegas right?

Bellagio buffet is that way.

We went to this place during my friend's bachelor party for dinner at 8pm

We were greeted by a line of over 200 people.   The wait was probably 45 minutes.  It gave me time to catch up w/a lot of my friends from High School while in line.   

I was ALSO reminded why I don't talk to many of them as much anymore.

They would only talk about iphones, anime, and video games...
hmmm...by the 2nd row of the line..it got old REALLY fast.

I ended up talking to other people in line and had a better time!

We finally were seated to this spacious table for 10 and took off to the buffett.

Steaks, sirloin, crablegs, salds of all kinds, korean/chinese/japanese food etc.  

For a person who's kind of a hoarder(me)..this place is dangerous.

I wanted to try EVERYTHING.  But I knew that I would pay the price if I did.  Oh well..I was only here two days.  Might as well do it.

I had a piece of every food..and then some.
So did all of my anime friends.

*sigh*

Have you ever experienced...Meat OVERKILL?

We did..right around the 3rd or 4th plate.

I dunno HOW those competitive eaters get through these buffet sessions..it probably doesn't phase them!

The quality of the food was better than average and that's all you can really expect at a no holds barred cafe.   YOu cannot expect 4-5 star food at a buffet.  NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.

But if you like pretty decent food and lots of it...Bellagio Buffet is the best of vegas.   Although some would argue that Wynn and the Venetian are better.  I'll have to see.

For the meat/and entrees..it's 4-5 stars.   I gave it 3 stars because the desserts were not up to par for me.   Most had very little or no flavor and were over sugared.   

IF they can step up their dessert game then I think they have the best in vegas hands down.

I don't have much commentary on the patrons..except..most looked overgambled, very heavy and the girls that were hot looked very worn down and overdyed(hair).   

So typical vegas crowd.

Indulge till you get sick!

btw..I didn't eat meat for 3 weeks after this笑
For a buffet, this delighted.

We didn't stand in line too long. We paid $41/pop. We tried our fill of apps, entrees, desserts, and etc. Dessert first! You'd think it'd be terrible, as it is at most buffets,  but the carrot cake was surprisingly delicious and moist. The brownie was also surprisingly good. And the entrees.. The meats...how can you go and not try them? They were okay to good. They had prime rib, rack of lamb, wagyu beef.. Good but no stars. The lobster mac n cheese was satisfying albeit a bit runny. 

In sum, if you come in with the right expectations, you will be satisfied. We were hungry, we couldn't get into any of the fancy restaurants nearby (they were all booked over the july 4th weekend), and did I mention we were hungry?笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is like one long foodgasm. If you are going to do a buffet in Vegas, this is in the top 3. 

Our last visit was for the July 4 "Holiday Dinner" buffet which was $40.99 per person. It featured the King Crab Legs, Kobe-style Beef, and large Shrimp that are usually only available for the "Gourmet Dinner" ($36.99) on Friday or Saturday. Otherwise, the buffet is only $29.99 for dinner. Lunch, Weekend Brunch, and Breakfast are even cheaper.

I literally gorged myself on King Crab Legs (as were hordes of others). A little butter, garlic, and spice for dipping and I was in crab heaven. Other nice discoveries were small, but addictive Steak Tartar bites, a couple Spicy Tuna Handrolls, steamed Halibut, and some spicy Cornbread. The pizza and prime rib were disappointing. Avoid them. For dessert, some nice cakes were present, but the yogurt machine was Souplantation quality.

Tip: Pay the lunch price before 4:00 and get dinner options at 4:00. Saves you around $10 a person.

Tip 2: Plan to spend about 45 minutes in line... unless you are lucky...and if you're lucky get out of line and go hit the nearest baccarat table before eating.笑
I love the Bellagio, but not a fan of their buffet.  I only went because I got comped the meal.  Went for a dinner on Sunday.  

I headed straight for the crab legs, and was quickly disappointed when most of them were still really cold with ice covering the meat.  

I avoided all the salad, pizza, bread, and other cheap items.   I tried to focus on mostly the more costly items.  The sushi was about average.  Good enough for a buffet, but not near good enough for decent sushi restaurant.  

Most of the meats I ate were just average as well.  If I would have ordered any of these items at a restaurant as an individual meal, I would have sent it back.  I know you can't expect great quality at a buffet, but I thought the Bellagio would have been nicer.  

Pastas and all the side dishes I tried were good.  And the desserts were pretty tasty.笑
Even though it has been about 3 weeks since I left Las Vegas, I still think about the buffet at the Bellagio and my mouth starts to water.

I went to Las Vegas as a 20-year old with my family, so I was not expecting any, you know, fun. We stopped at the Bellagio during their Father's day weekend special, so everybody had to pay the same price ($40). While that was a bit of a damper, we luckily breezed past the cashier-there seems to be no lines at around 5:30pm...

The spread was fabulous. I usually eat buffets "strategically"-that is, I avoid the cheap fried rice, pizza, bread, salad, etc. Even with my odd buffet eating styles, I still filled my plate 5 times! What else can I say about this fabulous place?!

Buffet Bellagio, thank you for making my Las Vegas experience somewhat bearable. You have opened my eyes to the wonders of the buffets and Las Vegas, and no other buffets will ever seem to match to the sheer quantity and quality of your food. If I ever get married in Las Vegas on a whim, my reception will most definitely be at this place.笑
"Will you be enjoying Champagne with your meal today?" YES Please!! 

Champagne brunch at the Bellagio is something that can't be beat on your next vacation. For about $30 a person you can drink yourself into a stupor with champagne or make it a mimosa and eat yourself silly. 
Choices include: 
Sushi -- spicy tuna hand rolls, maki, delicate rice paper spring rolls... 
Lamb -- falling off the bone 
Chicken Wellington -- think chicken, well seasoned, wrapped in phyllo dough, baked and then the chicken is uber moist. 
Turkey -- old school turkey with gravy and crispy skin. 
Potatoes -- I'm not even sure how many varieties, but I saw baked potato, mashed potato, mashed with a parsley pesto sauce, has browns/tater tots, and a cheesy potato gratin 
Eggs -- omelets, scrambled, prepared how you'd like them. 
Prime Rib -- creamy horseradish sauce, grainy mustard, au jus yummy!! 
Lox and bagels -- with capers, red onions, cream cheese, a mustard-dill sauce, and sliced tomatoes and mini bagels 
Too many varieties of salads to list. 
Pot stickers / dim sum style food 
Pasta -- pesto style and a bolognese sauce 
Lots of dessert -- cakes, pies, sorbet, gelato, creme brulee, and breads. 
And so much more. I tried as much of it as I could, went back for seconds and attempted to go back for thirds. Our waitress was friendly, kept the champagne flowing, and cleared plate after plate. 
It was all so good and filling! Can't wait to come back and eat here again.笑
Georgie and Chin are amazing bartenders! They have great charisma which just adds to the overall appealing vibe of this buffet. There is a very good selection of food and fast wait staff. I would definitely come back to this establishment.笑
This buffet was an over priced golden coral. After hearing so much about the buffet this was a must do for my first time visit to Vegas. As a Marylander I do not like cold crab legs but it was a plus that they were opened already. There was no butter for them. The sushi tasted like cheap prepackaged grocery store sushi. The Chinese food section only had 2 main dish options. The fish was good. The buffet was small. The decor is dated. The desserts were good. They are living off of legacy. I would not recommend.笑
We went to the Bellagio on the recommendation of a friend.   We were pleasantly surprised to find the lunch buffet to be less than $30.  Let me tell you it was worth it!!!  Anything you could think of...they had.   I enjoyed the fact that you could get breakfast or dinner (or both if you are like me...lol).   Great Flank steak and potatoes....made to order omlettes...you can not go wrong with this place.   I must add...they also had all ou can drink alcoholic beverages for $13.  Definitely one of the better values on the strip!笑
Best buffet. Anywhere. Hands down. 

Warning: Be prepared to take a long nap afterwards.笑
Horrible. Do not waste your time or money. We went for the kitsch and didn't expect it to be great but it was awful. Bland, processed foods.... Cafeteria like atmosphere with poor service. The crab is served very cold and wet. Yuck. The meats are dry and overdone. They do not offer a kids price, which is ridiculous.笑
We went to this buffet because I remember it being fabulous 10 years ago. Unfortunately it did not live up to expectations. The food was good, price was very good, selection was mediocre and presentation was ok. The waitress kept my water filled throughout our meal. The baby back ribs were good. The watermelon was outstanding-juicy and sweet. The sorbet dispenses out of a machine was good. The egg Benedict had good flavor but soggy. 

Overall, I would not come back if I wanted a fabulous buffet. I would come back because price is good and it is convenient.笑
Waiting an hour to eat brunch SUCKS.  But let me tell you, once you're in, it's well worth the wait.

This buffet has EVERYTHING.  From sushi to snow crab to pizza to prime rib.  It's all delicious too.  Nothing is dry, bland, or overcooked.

With that said, it's expensive so fast the day before and pace yourself when you eat to maximize your food intake.笑
So I typically hate reviews about service and not the food. But after spending a solid 40 minutes in line on  a Tuesday afternoon at 4:30, we saw a buffet employee asking groups how many were in their party. Turns out he was seeking small groups willing  to sit at the bar! Sweet! Too bad this particular employee didn't understand how lines work, nor how a corner operates. So after our group of two stepped forward in line and rounded the corner (could see the entrance to pay for the buffet!) he completely skipped asking us and the group behind us. I even attempted to grab his attention, but to no avail. He ended up taking three groups of two from the end of the line a few seconds later. Enraged and hungry, we actually just left after that, unwilling to spend another 20 minutes in line. Terrible customer service, but no matter to them, as there were many more people in line behind us.笑
My second time going for the breakfast buffett and this time was just as pleasant aa the time before! As soon as you walk in, you can smell the high quality in the air! This place has the best omelette bar on the strip as far as I'm concerned.  The flavor is unmatched! The variety offered here beats out the other casino buffetts hands down.  Highly recommend the Bellagio buffet even if you're not staying here, it's worth the trip.笑
My friends & I went for Sunday Brunch.  The food was really good.  The carving stations had lamb, prime rib and turkey.  The vegetables on the buffet were not overcooked and soggy.  The sushi was fresh, not gummy.  The shrimp was tasty, not mushy.  The desserts were delectable.  The only thing missing were crab legs but with everything else you didn't even miss it.笑
When I said I was gonna go all out at the Bellagio buffet, I think I went a tad overboard. Dude, the selections were vast and they all looked really delicious. It only took us about 30 minutes to wait in line and we went for the food right away. The key to a buffet was to taste a bit of everything. They had kobe beef brisket and it was delicious. The brisket had perfect combination of fat and meat. I had everything from Chilean seabass, tuna & salmon Poke, prime rib, king crab legs, truffle scented ravioli, tempura sushi, sweet potato mash, pesto potato mash, mussels, scallop salad, roasted salmon, fingerling potatoes, asparagus, and more and more. Does that make your mouth water or what....

The dessert selection was a bit disappointed. We did a tasting of mini cheesecake, creme puff, napolean, hazelnut chocolate cake, creme brulee, carrot cake, and some apricot thing with chocolate. The best one was the creme brulee. Everything else tasted pretty "normal" and nothing exciting. But by that time, I could hardly move with all the food that I consumed prior to the dessert. 

Service was great since they refill your drinks promptly and they clean up after you. Don't forget to leave a tip for them. 

Overall, I wouldn't mind going back there again and again and again. Who would wanna pay $20 for a circus circus buffet when you have the Bellagio for only $40?笑
I get the appeal of Vegas buffets, I really do. You wake up Sunday morning, maybe a little hung over from the night before, and you're RAVENOUS. You need food in your stomach like, right now. Buffets are your best option - you can have breakfast food, or sushi, or prime rib, or desserts, or everything. And you can have seconds, thirds, or fourths or until you have to be rolled out of there. The long lines at Bellagio suggests that the Bellagio buffet is one of the better buffets in Vegas, but in terms of the quality of food, it's not *that* good. Whenever you make large quantities of food, the quality of the food just goes down. This buffet reminded me of dorm food or even of Hometown Buffet. Bleh. Have you ever seen that episode of Dirty Jobs when Mike Rowe had to clean out the nasty buffet scraps? Enough said. At least the food was presented well. 

This isn't to say that I didn't get seconds. I got fourths, but I felt sick afterward. My fault really. But considering the fact that you're confined to the casino and you're in Vegas, you might as well indulge and revel in gluttony as well as all the other deadly sins while you're at it.笑
Came here for the holiday brunch buffet, it was about $41 a person. The buffet had a huge variety of food and a beautiful display of desserts! They had abundant amount of king and snow crab legs, prime rib, St. Louis ribs, Kobe beef and lamb.  The Chinese & Italian food was not bad either, fried rice was actually flavorful and beef ravioli was actually tender with a piece of steak in the middle! My favorite section was of course the dessert..so many to choose from...I liked the dessert shots and the mini waffle bowls, taste like a Drumstick! Cheesecake was nice, soft and fluffy, almost like Cheesecake Factory's cheesecake.  Had very good customer service too, very attentive and friendly!笑
I looked forward to this event the whole weekend I was in Vegas, after seeing a special on the travel channel. I am a food enthusiast and they painted a very tantalizing picture on TV.

We had to wait in line for about 45 minutes but it seemed to move at a steady pace, and we got there at 12:20 so it was probably one of the busiest times to get there.

I was pleasantly surprised at the price, I expected to pay 45 dollars but it was only 28... so that was a bonus for me.

There were so many selections it was mind blowing! The leg of lamb was fantastic...asparagus was excellent, and most of the seafood dishes were great. The roasted turkey was great too. If you like your meat like I do, you'll enjoy this buffet. 

I was hoping for crab legs and creme brulee but neither were offered (maybe they offer that for dinner?) so I was a bit crestfallen since I didn't get 2 of the things I was most looking forward to. 

Next time I think I will try some other buffets just to see if this one truly was the best as the travel channel touts.笑
Man the wait for the buffet on a Saturday morning was pretty long, about 45 minutes and we all had empty stomachs from the night before! 

The day before we had eaten at the Wynn and I was up for a buffet comparison test! Bellagio's interior decor was far lacking as compared. It isn't as fancy, but rather comfortable. I think this was more family friendly, if that's a concern. Service was more attentive though.

Selection doesn't include as wide of a variety as Wynn, but maybe that's because we encountered most of the American breakfast items like french toast, pancakes, eggs, etc. Again, food was simply average. My hangover did appreciate the congee =).  

My friend like this more than Wynn, I like Wynn more than Bellagio. But the Studio B Buffet inside the M (Hendersen) wins my heart.笑
The Best Buffet in Vegas ... Free Beer and Wine and The food is a lot fresher then other buffets on the Strip ... Why go anywhere else笑
Was I really at the same restaurant as all of these other people? It is a buffet, people! 

The king crab was of very good quality; and there was tons of it. Both the salmon and tuna Pokes were excellent. The sushi was of better quality then most buffets; but the hot fish dishes were of universal overcooked status. The miso cod was especially awful; both watery and tough... 

Miso soup soup was quite strange...tasted like a combination of cream of mushroom soup and miso...blech. The other soup (cannot remember if it was squash or pumpkin) was pretty good... 

The only pasta I tried was the Wild Mushroom ravioli. I was very good. My daughter said the mac and cheese was adequate, but nothing special... 

The Sirloin was okay...but again, nothing special.. 

As a prior Yelper has noted; the bread pudding is very good...especially if you put the Banana Fosters sauce on it...all the other desserts looked like little plastic fake nastiness.. 

So...my recommendation is to go; eat your weight in king crab, Poke, and sushi; hava a bite or two of a specialty pasty or soup...and hit the bread pudding up. If those items were all I was rating...I woulda given this place a "5" 

I used to go to buffets all the time when my daughter was little...I think we both have outgrown them...笑
I absolutely love the Bellagio buffet and always make it a priority to stop here. Even though I'm not a big fan of buffets, cause I don't end up eating enough to get my money's worth, but this place has such a wide variety and nice selection of appetizing goods! First off, the wait can be ridiculous at times and believe me I'm sure we all waited in that crazy line once in our lifetime, but it's totally worth the wait.

The seafood selection is what mostly catches my attention. I'd say half of my meal there consisted of shrimp cocktail, massive crab legs, smoked salmon, poke, and baked salmon. There's also other goodies there as well such as an assortment of pasta, poultry, salads, soups, and of course my favorite part of a meal; dessert!

The dessert is off the hook and everytime I come here, I can't help stop but to stare and drool at all the yummy delicacies. Also, I love how they have sugar-free versions of the majority of the desserts for those of use that feel extremely guilty after all the gunk we ate from our main meal. 

Overall, I'd say Bellagio buffet is my go-to favorite buffet in Vegas. The price isn't too bad and variety and quality is what has me comin' back.笑
i think the bellagio buffet is my most favorite. great selection, yummy and clean. great service too. the pesto mashed potatoes were WOW! the prime rib was MMMMMmmm. and the smoked salmon was AMAZE. =)笑
Went here once again over Super Bowl weekend.  Delicious like last time, but I've learned a trick to avoid the lines.  Will I tell all?  No way.

I ended up sitting at the bar and enjoyed my food with a nice crown and diet coke.  The food seemed to be as good as it was  on my last trip but the selection and the deserts seemed to be less desirable.  

The Buffet at Bellagio is amongst the best I've had while in Vegas.  I still recommend everybody to try it at least once and then try the others.  You'll be coming back for more.笑
First ate here March 2011 and I loved it so much that I really have to go back this year. Unfortunately, for some reason it didn't satisfy me anymore. They have a huge selection of food which was good and the server was very attentive even if there was a lot of guests to serve drinks. 

Like all the other buffets, the line here looked horrible but don't worry because unlike the others, the line here was moving fast. 

There are a lot of buffets in Vegas that I have yet to try so I'll be skipping this next year.笑
I don't normally do buffets since it requires preparation in both mental and physical discipline to consume enough food to make it worth while. Well, since I was in Vegas for CES for the week, my friends and I decided to try out a posh upscale buffet in one of the fancier hotels on the strip. Luckily we didn't wait long for our table, maybe about 15 minutes. We paid, made our way to our table, ordered drinks and then I entered nirvana. The quality of food, the quantity of food was mind boggling. I made an effort to try all the entrees but being a newb in buffets I failed. I didn't get to try all but what I had was excellent for a buffet. The prime rib, Top New York Sirloin, roast chicken, hot sausages were amazing. They had sea bass, smoked trout, king crab legs and snow crabs which were excellent as well. 

Their sushi bar was always stocked with typical rolls of tuna and salmon. Those less adventurous, the California rolls did not disappoint. I had steak tartar for the first time and it was heavenly. Or could have been hell if they didn't prepare it well. But safe to say it is still heaven. 

My failure is that I didn't even have room to taste their dessert...It looked amazing and professionally prepared. Cheesecakes, tarts, cakes all personal sized and ready to be savored. But alas, not I.

Service was excellent, my soda was always full, plates were magically gone every time I came back, I'd say this is a great place for a buffet and warrant a return visit the next time I'm in Vegas.笑
Boyfriend and I came here for dinner. Long wait in line but it was worth it. Variety of different food such as: steaks, crab legs, Asian, Italian and the deserts were too die for. The con's were that they didn't have lobster. Staff were very friendly as well. After dinner we watched the water fountain show in front of the hotel and it was so beautiful. Glad I got to experience this finally. ..笑
Bellagio certainly doesnt dissappoint in terms of its reputation. 

For a taste of everything, The Buffett at Bellagio has just about everything one can possibly desire. Now theres always the classic debate of whether the Wynn or Bellagio is better in terms of buffert. My take is on the Bellagio, by just a hairline. From Asian to French Italian to pure vegetarian, they have possibly the best selection in terms of quality and quantity. 

Get there early during off-peak hours otherwise the wait time could be an hour or more. Everytime I go to Vegas, I MUST at least have a full meal there.笑
Thank you Bellagio for the food poisoning this weekend. 
I was expecting to get sick and throw up at some point this weekend.... but not from food.
I do have to mention their paella though, it was really good and had the perfect flavoring. A little piece of home. I wish I could say the same for everything else笑
We ate here on Sunday night...  

I have to say I'm quite disappointed.  

The Scallop ceviche was pretty good. Very fresh!!  King Crab leg was okay. It was nice they cut it in half so its not messy.   Miso soup - very salty and not even close to "Miso" soup.  Prime rib was cooked well... tender and juicy.  

Disappointment.. I ate at Bellagio probably at least 3 times before this time... I have to said.. I'm disappointed with the food choice. I feel there were not a lot of food choice compare to previous time.  In addition, I used to love Bellagio because they have the BEST and biggest dessert section among the other buffets... Unfortunately, they shrink their dessert sections and options.  :( 

Will I come here and spend $32 (tax included)?? Probably not...笑
After eating at the bacchanal at the Cesar palace no buffet was good enough for me 
But last night my family and I gave the buffet at the bellagio a try and it was amazingly  good  worth every penny,
Good taste good quality and good price 
It is small comparing with many but it's really good 
looking forward to come back笑
Best breakfast buffet in vegas. Eggs benedict done right. Great atmosphere it's the Bellagio they do everything right in terms of appearance. 

However, would not recommend for lunch, dinner, or brunch. Not worth the lines, not worth the price. Too cliché in terms of dishes offered and taste is good, but again not worth the time or the price. 

I can't speak any more highly of their weekday breakfast buffets however.笑
Came here to celebrate my last night at Vegas.

As an FYI, the price for the dinner buffet is $29.95 from Sunday-Thursday and their gourmet buffet (Fridays and Saturdays) is $36.95.

Another FYI- all non-alcoholic beverages are included in the price but alcoholic drinks are not

When we got to the line and saw how the line snaked around, I was nervous and pissed off because I thought I'd have to wait; (I'm the impatient type you see pacing around when waiting to be seated ;) however, the line was moving and very efficient and we were seated down in about 20 minutes.

When I saw the buffet in this place, it seemed neverending; I counted about 9-10 different stations, all separated by ethnicity or types of food. Since I went on a Friday, I paid for the gourmet buffet, which includes Beef Wellington (I think that's why the price difference)

The beef wellington was amazing; very tender and juicy along with everything else. As I ate, I saw a person in the next table of me sitting down with a pile (and I mean a pile) of stone crabs and just watching him devour it was amazing.

The service was good, not outstanding, but again, you don't come here for the service, just the food :)笑
Without a doubt, one of the best buffets on the strip.  Their seafood selection is tops, with large shrimp to boot.  They also typically have a great selection of side dishes.  If you get there before 6pm you may even get lucky and miss the line!  It's ~$40 per person, but if you're into seafood you'll find that quite a bargain.笑
If you're looking for the classic Vegas buffet with everything you could possibly want, this is your place. The line may be a little lengthy, but I'd definitely wait again for all the tasty options they provide. There's definitely something for everyone...even if you're one of those weirdos who wants seafood for breakfast. 

Pay the extra few bucks and get champagne...it makes the experience much more Vegas-y.笑
We came here for the crab and upon entering found out that they do not serve crab until 3. We got a refund and went to the Aria buffet and it was fantastic.笑
I just spoke with The Buffet's general manager. She listened to my concerns and was so apologetic and warm. She explained that this is NOT their standard. I look forward to having a positive experience and changing this rating on my next visit.笑
Wow, so disappointed.  We went to eat at the buffet for new year's and the food was not that great.  I expected alot since of all these great reviews but the crab legs were too salty.  The sushi selection were ridiculous, they only had 4 choices to choose from.  The only good things were the desserts, prime rib, and a friendly staff.  I wouldn't come back to this place especially if it involves Buffet.  Wynn or Paris is better in my opinion.笑
Came in Memorial Day morning for some brunch and indulged in some breakfast, lunch, and dessert goods. The environment is not as nice and open as the hotel itself and the lobby but overall clean and spacious. It is what you expect from a buffet but there was decent variety of both savory and sweet breakfast and lunch options. The higher price due to the holiday may not have been worth it but we didn't have to wait in line which is always a plus! Had a very enjoyable and satisfying meal here, just wish the ambience was a bit more welcoming and bright for an overall improved experience.笑
Forgot to update this from the last time I went to Bellagio a few months back.  I had to up it to 5 stars.  Went over a weekend that time.  They had DELICIOUS beef wellington as well as an ostrich roast.  zOMG.笑
way to pricy for the dinner Buffet because the food didn't meet the standard. just a bigger a bigger place and more people only. i.am certainly not going back.笑
The desserts here are amazing! Having said that, I went here for lunch yesterday and was pretty disappointed with the rest of the food. Most things were somewhere between mediocre and bad. At buffets I usually expect food to be mediocre to good. 

But, like i said, their desserts are really, really good. We tried many different ones and none of them were overly sweet. It is my favorite buffet in terms of dessert.

They did have a few other good things too. Their thin crust pizzas, shrimp cocktail (already peeled!), pesto infused mashed potatoes (amazing idea), and mixed salads were all pretty good.

If you're really into sweets, I would recommend this place even if the rest of the buffet is not so good (yes the dessert is that good). If you want good non-sweet food though, I would go somewhere else.笑
seriously, best buffet ever....miso sea bass..get in my belly笑
This food was really good. The chefs and cooks were super friendly and seemed excited to be serving me. In a city where service is genuinely shitty everywhere, this place stood out to me. 

Only 4 stars because it was damned expensive and I'm cheap. But I made sure to eat $45 worth of food.笑
This has been the crowd favorite for buffets in Vegas. I think the Wynn and Rio buffets are the other world class buffets in Vegas. We had the Sat brunch here. I don't normally eat buffets but the group decided so there we were. The selection was great. The lines were short, and the service was great, too. I had 3 plates of food, didn't leave feeling sick from over greasy brunch food, and was happy to have my first meal consist of brekkie favs like banana/nutella french toast, bacon, eggs benedict, chocolate hazelnut caramel mousse pie, and fresh mangoes. Bring your appetite! For about $25 an adult w/o alcohol, it was a good deal in Vegas.笑
I had not been here for many years and was very disappointed the quality of the food was just not great. No more King Crab and not much better then a $20 buffet where you do get snow crab like the palms. We did get shrimp though. I would never again spend $40 to eat here again. Do not recommend this Buffet!!!笑
I can only speak to the brunch buffet. The food was decent but average quality. The service is good (bring drinks, remove plates, etc.) ... For the price, I'd goto Cafe Bellagio ...笑
We tried this place on Monday, Memorial Day, went at 5:30pm for the dinner buffet....very good is all I can say.   Price was 39.95 each, more for the holiday, no wait in line and one of the first ones there. Four of us went to check out the food and never stopped, lol...

Pros
Clean and beautiful surrounding
Prime rib, almost as good as House of Prime Rib
Pastas, delicious, better than North Beach
Shrimp cocktail and crab legs, nice and fresh
Desserts and fruit were for repeat offenders, especially the napolean
Service was okay, 15% tipping

Cons
Sushi Bar, I don't think so, didn't even try it
Venison, lamb chopsand  beef wellington, way too done
Mashed potatoes, I swear they were powdered, too too mushy...

Best so far for buffet style, try and go early to eat.
By the time we left, one hour wait outside in the lines, crazy.....笑
For the price I expected more, a lot more.  I went here for lunch about 5 years ago and was disapopinted by the lack of selection.  There are many other better buffets to choose from, like at Paris, or Encore/Wynn.  I would skip this one, not worth it.

Derek笑
C'est de la grosse bouffe mais à volonté. C'est pas mal mais sans plus,  dommage qu'il n'y ai pas un tarif enfants笑
Poor selection, poor service, over-priced, over-congested seating area. Do not go if you are looking for quality food.笑
Total disappointment! 
The boyfriend and I came here on a saturday night, and so the buffet cost $40 per person. Grant it, it was a buffet, however we expected better quality. 

One thing I was really disappointed in was their "Kobe Beef". I got a piece of it, but it was so tough and rubbery that I had a hard time cutting through it with my fork and knife. Also, the crab legs were very small. Didn't really enjoy any of the food here. Even the desserts were not that good. Too sweet (and i'm usually one who can handle sweet things). 

It was not worth our money to come here.笑
I'm not much of a buffet fan cuz I never feel like I got my money's worth. But this is probably one of the better buffets I've had in LV. Guess I had to try it...after all...LV is the land of buffets. After a long drive to sin city...we were all pretty hungry. Now...I had almost everything here. Yes...I really did. Well...the expensive stuff at least. Kekeke. Prime rib, crab legs, Kobe beef brisket, etc etc. And of course the usual shrimp cocktail, spicy tuna, oak smoked salmon, some pasta, etc etc. The prime rib was the best buffet grade prime rib I've had. Everything else was pretty mediocre. That's saying a lot for a buffet cuz buffet food usually is pretty yucky. The desserts looked very nice but I only ate the creme brulee which was delicious and the chocolate covered strawberries which were...well...chocolate covered strawberries. I don't know if I'd come back...I wanna try the Wynn buffet. I heard it's better. Is it??笑
Went to The Buffet Bellaggio very disappointed should erase the THE part.NO KING CRAB,  LAMB, KOBE BEEF, SASHIME.Use to be every day no more only on Fri-Sun.Last time we'll eat there.Thats why there rating is dropping compared to other BUFFET.THE STAFF was very good hard working they should be giving a BIG BONUS. NOT WORTH THE PRICE TO EAT THERE YOU'VE BEEN WORN.笑
When you're hungry and craving good food because you know Vegas is popular for it, then you would expect that the Bellagio of all places would cater to it, but not this buffet.  I was really hoping that I would find a wide array of excellent foods, but I was let down.  

I paid a total of $30 something for myself as I was hoping to really stuff my plate with appetizing food.  I walked around and picked up whatever I was familiar with as well as foods that I wouldn't dare to eat.  I mean, how can you go wrong with simple foods like corn or chicken?  Once I put these items in my mouth, it all went sour.  The only food item I was happy to have here was their bread pudding.  It could have been a little sweet, but it was good.  I felt a little ripped off, but I didn't feel as bad when my gf paid the same amount as me to eat when she only grabbed herself a bowl of soup and a side of veggies!?!  

I came here only to give it a try and just like the 2 stars read "ehh I've experienced better"....笑
The Bellagio breakfast was just ok.

We came for the cheapest of their buffets - weekday breakfast, more on the later side so we could cross-over in to lunch. I think I was just not in the right frame of mind, or the buffet was having an off day, but nothing really stood out or grabbed me, and I even began to question my buffet-loving self!

The best was their fresh french toast & pancakes. Absolutely amazing, warm and fluffy. Big vat of bread pudding? Always a huge plus. Two different kinds of breakfast potatos? All delicious. Tons of different breakfast pastries, from a myriad of muffins to (a very good) cinnamon bun and danishes? Check! Maybe I carbo-loaded too much? I did have lotsa beautiful fruits, though!

By the time lunch came around I was tuckered out and nothing really spoke to me. However I tried their fresh pizza & it was great! Desserts were super disappointing because none of them tasted fresh. Not even their cute little shapes could sway me, which was sad.

They had a lot of cold vegetarian options which was great, and some warm veggies but nothing too sensational. I didn't try what looked to be Pad Thai because it looked a little too forced to me..

Maybe it was the ambiance - a little dumpy, and the layout was a bit chaotic. I promise I will try you again, Bellagio Buffet. Someday!笑
Great choices and many. Mountains of crab and shrimp, kobe beef, salads and sides. Desserts all tasted the same though. Skip it and go to jean louis.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is nestled in the back of Bellagio Resort and Casino. It's not very hard to find. Signs point to it easily. The lines can be long but it is well worth it. Tip for being first in line....DON'T EAT FAST. Take your time and enjoy the flavors. I had friends from LA in town and I took them to this place. Unfortunately I have a Ruth Chris Budget and they were Sizzler. So it was pretty expensive for them. They have a wide spread from a raw bar, to a carving station, dessert stations. Typical buffet style. However the night we went we had some rare kobe beef round. Mmmm the redder the better....I also enjoyed the different asian flair and italian entrees. We stayed there for 3 hours because my friends wanted to get more than 40 dollar's worth. One of them actually took a crap - to make room for more food. Yes...yes...I have cheap friends. 
After seeing the Bellagio Buffet on Rachel Ray's $40 a Day and it showcased their real crabmeat at the omelette station. I had to go back. The crab was sweet and very fresh. Bellagio prides themselves with fresh ingredients. This is definitely one of the top 5 buffets of Vegas.笑
I suggest you to go here instead of Bacchanal buffet. That place was totally overrated!
We came here for brunch on Sunday. It was a lot better than expectation. $30.99/person, totally worth the money.
A lot of variety and the quality is excellent. I especially like their omelet station; they have real crab meat which is something I've never seen before. 
Their prime rib is of course very tender and juicy. None of the buffets I've been to served this dish this good. 
They have smoked salmon, very fresh and tasty.
Desserts were just heaven! Lots a variety and so good. 
I'll only come here next time I come to Vegas. Bacchanal is nothing to compare with.笑
Definitely one of the best buffets in town.  If you're a king crab lover this is the place to come.  Expect lines on weekends and really not worth paying an extra $25 to get in the VIP line.  Great selection of international dishes upgraded from the Stations Casino versions of international.  I liked the prime rib, roasted turkey, snow crab and various cooked vegetable dishes.  Outstanding dessert bar and Asian food.  A little weak on Italian and the salad bar.  Price is reasonable if you're hungry.笑
The buffet here does not match the reputation Bellagio has. Maybe it was because my tastebuds weren't functioning properly after 4 buffets in 2 days in Vegas, but the quality and selection of the food at the Bellagio lacked in so many ways. I was so disappointed since it got so many good reviews (one year ago..) I can see why the ratings have gone down since then.

Next time, I'll take my money to go to Wicked Spoon or The Buffet at Wynn.笑
Save yourself some money! This is not a $50 buffet. What a disappointment that the server did not want to  help with the beverages after paying 20% extra on gratuity and children paid full price as well. I will never come back to this place.笑
Came here for Sunday brunch at about noon.  What a spread! Typical breakfast foods were out (french toast, waffles, cereal, oatmeal, eggs made to order, etc) as well as heartier lunch foods, Asians dishes and even sushi.  Food was of a high quality and the ingredients all looked and tasted fresh.  Service was quick and my glass of orange juice remained topped off the entire time.

Not cheap at $25 ($30 with champagne), but pretty good...especially considering that it was both our breakfast and lunch.笑
WOW!! This place was really nice! We went when breakfast was being served and when they were turning it into lunch. So we got the best of both worlds I recommend going around 10:30ish to get the best of both worlds! The coffee and orange juice is amazing. The food their was a WIDE VARIETY of food from every ethnicity. The made how you want them omelets are the best I have ever had. Bisque and gravy, every kind of meat, french toast, waffles, pancakes, grits, eggs, Eggs Benedict, bread pudding, rice, crepes, ect.. All was really good. Our waitress kept our coffee and juice coming and never had an empty glass on either. Best buffet I had in a long time will go back again. Price was worth it, we got the buy one get one and it was under 25 a person. So it was worth it!笑
I share the opinion of numerous others who have commented on this buffet under the Bellagio hotel listing, that this is in fact, the best of the Vegas buffet world.  Once again, make sure to arrive just before the change over to lunch or dinner, to get a shot at dishes from two services.笑
I'm going to come out and say it, the buffet isn't all that. It's certainly not worth it. At least not these days. Maybe back when it was new and all that, but like fish sitting out, the moment it gets old it's not worth eating and should be tossed out. 

So it's really confusing as to why there's so many people lining up to this thing daily. And while I'm a huge fan of seafood, especially when you have it in Vegas where they ship in thousands upon thousands of tons of fresh fish daily, you would expect to actually find something good here. 

What you end up with is just over hyped buffet food that isn't worth the lines you're waiting in, nor the coin you're dropping to get in. 

Maybe it's just that I'm over the buffet scene. The younger me would have been all over this. In fact, I was. Back in my early 20's I would come here a lot when I came to Vegas and stuff myself with all this seafood and feel incredibility sick for the rest of the day. 

But in the many years since I've come to realize that while I'm paying for quantity, the quality sure has suffered. And really, for the amount you're paying to get in here, you're just losing yourself in the moment of trying to make the plates add up to the amount. 

You're better off just going to a nice sit down restaurant that is highly rated and has a specialty you like and enjoy the meal without feeling like you're in the rush to make your dollar count. 

You'll certainly bypass the awful lines to get in, as well as not deal with every tourist who was told they had to come to the Bellagio Buffet.笑
My friend and I came for the Champagne Brunch this past weekend and had a great time. There were about 50 people in line when we arrived but the line seemed to be moving. Luckily there were 2 spots at the bar open so we were able to skip the line and move right in! After all, we were there 50% for the food and 50% for the champagne. 

Even though we were at the bar we received excellent service! The two bartenders were sure to keep our mimosas full! There was a wide variety to choose from on the buffet and I enjoyed everything I tried. As nice as you can make a buffet, a buffet will always be a buffet. But the Bellagio does a great buffet. I only take off a star because there was no crab legs like I heard there was! They did have a sushi bar tho!笑
I realize I'm going against the grain on this.... but this place is OVERRATED.  Big time.  The selection was fairly small and actual food didn't taste fresh or interesting (crab legs were a weird temperature and the creme brulee was curdled).  I know it's a buffet and all, but that's no excuse given the price.

We were there on a Saturday night and it was packed (with about a 30 minute wait to be seated).  Service was very mediocre.  Given the service and quality-oriented mindset of the rest of the Bellagio, this was a huge disappointment.  I mean bigger than Big Elvis at Bill's.

And let's just say that eating here relegated me to the confines of our unventilated Mandalay Bay bathroom and ruined my Saturday night party plans.  Never going back.笑
Just okay.  Not great.  Nothing really special.  And it makes me sad.....as i remember a time when it was a lot better.  "Ooohh you went to the Bellagio buffet??  Nice."  Won't be saying that anymore.  Perhaps it's because we came mid-week?

The Good:  

Ahi Poke and Sushi
Caesar salad (but c'mon, who messes that up)
Desserts
Grilled veggies
Prime Rib
Salmon mousse thingies
Creamed spinach

There was plenty of crab and shrimp.  But the crab is clearly frozen.  And maybe that's just how it has to be now, I don't know.  It's still good.  

Wish it would have been yummier.  The $11.99 unlimited drinks is totally worth it if you plan to have more than one.笑
To tell you the truth, I never really enjoy buffets.  I usually find the food to be stale, flavorless, and loaded with salt and sugar.  I typically feel terrible afterwards!

Not so at the Bellagio!  Sure, the price is steep, but well worth it.  I found the food to be fresh and of a wide variety.  They had a sushi station, a chinese station, and actual seafood.  I was there on a Friday night for dinner, and they had three types of crab leg and shrimp (can you tell I like seafood).  The service was quick, food was hot, and everything was refilled in a timely manner.  Dessert was good, but it didn't blow my mind.  The meat was great too.  They had several different types of beef, all cooked differently.  Alcohol is not included in the meal, but soft drinks are.  I think it was like $45 pp.

We arrived on the earlier side, maybe 5 pm, and had to wait about 15 minutes to get in.  When we left dinner, the line was obnoxiously long.  I suggest getting there before your typical dinner time to decrease your wait time.  

I didn't try any other buffets, but I have looked at others.  In the Harrah's hotel, for example, the buffett was much cheaper but the offerings lacked variety and there wasn't a ton offered.  So, we decided to skip on that and headed to the Bellagio instead.笑
Large selection, small quality. Go to the Wynn if you want food cooked by chefs. If you want food cooked by cooks, go to the Bellagio. Average quality for way too much money. Nothing unique, the last time I was there
they cut opened a plastic bag with a salmon fillet inside and slid it into 
the pan right in front of the patrons. Unproffesional and in terrible taste. 
That's the salmon they sell at Sams Club, for the price and the reputation, I would've thought maybe they were getting fresh fish. The only plus was the real maple syrup with the breakfast buffet. Bottom line, they are nowhere near worth the money.笑
Not that I'm an expert on Las Vegas buffet places but the 2 times I have come to Vegas, I've gone to this buffet for brunch and have loved every second of it. They have a great assortment of breakfast and lunch options such as smoked salmon and trout, scallop ceviche, shrimp coctail, breads, fresh fruit salads, pancakes, eggs, french toast. Anything you can imagine for brunch is there for the mere price tag of $26 (or something like that). They even have a prime rib station. And the roasted potatoes were silky and perfect. I always stock up on the smoked salmon and shrimps and probably get my money's worth there since I'm not much of a buffet eater. I will say that the dessert options were lacking. But the Bellagio buffet is where you eat way too much after having have drank way too much. But, hey, you're in Vegas!笑
My first visit to the Bellagio was 6 years ago and I was blown away at the variety and quality of the food.  Came here for Sunday brunch and while everything was pretty good, it was not nearly the experience as the first time -- but what is?  We waited an hour and a half for a table.  Service was good - however, they were starting to turn over for dinner and the sushi bar and seafood station was quickly disappearing.   Had we arrived later there would have been nothing. The pesto mashed potatoes deserve 5 stars.  Can't wait to try that at home.  Will try the Wynn next time.笑
oh man.  when i think of the buffet.. the first thing that comes to mind is more food than you could possibly imagine.  there's a little bit of everything.  and there is so much that each time you got up there was something new to try.  i swear i had 4 plates and that didn't even include the dessert either.  It was a smorgasbord of food.  from beef wellington to mac and cheese (which is AMAZING!)... everything is delish!  especially the desserts.  our table was filled with deserts.  we had one of almost everything there and we were sampling it all.  i used to think paris was the best buffet but man i was so wrong from now on were going to the bellagio!笑
This buffet is good. The variety of foods offered satisfies all cravings. For how much you pay I felt that they could have had more beef options and more seafood. My favorite part was the flank steak. It was seasoned well and Cooke to a perfect medium rare. Overall it was a good experience.笑
The food was pretty good, but what set this place apart from the other buffets in Vegas is their desserts. So many to choose from and they are delicious =D笑
First off, the bellagio buffet is not that expensive if you go for lunch.  But be sure to go like 30 minutes before lunch time is over so you can stay for the dinner menu too.  Best way to get a deal!

The food is really rich but still tasty.  It's like any other good buffet.  BUT the selling point, the reason why this place gets a 4-star review is because of.... THE DESSERTS!  SO MUCH VARIETY and SO GOOD!  Ask your server for a cup of their black coffee (also really good!) and it just tops off your meal.

The only downer is the wait staff is a bit haughty... but you go to buffets for the food, not the waiter service, so the place still deserves 4 stars笑
We had high expectations of the buffet of a reputed casino like Bellagio. Unfortunately the food was average. There was nothing exceptional really. I wouldn't waste my time going back to this buffet, even if it was considerable cheaper. We had to decide between Bellagio and Caesar's palace and I regret going with Bellagio since we are in town only for a couple of days.笑
Went for lunch $20, great food, they have sushi, shrimp, sliders, desert, breakfast, the whole works. Can't beat the price and the quality. You will enjoy it!笑
I really feel as if I should have packed some knee pads for this trip to Vegas. We thought this buffet sounded like a bargain compared to the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's. I was told it was only $35 each for dinner...Caesar's was almost $60 a head. My recollection of the Bellagio buffet was that it had pretty amazing food...the Beef Wellington and Chilean Sea Bass were particularly memorable last time. It seemed like it would be a bargain at this price. What I didn't count on was that they would charge my four year old a FULL adult admission. Oh, and since it was Friday, it would be $40 each. 

Well, the food was not nearly as good this time around...dish for dish, the Caesars buffet was far better. The only thing was that the Bellagio had King Crab legs, though they didn't seem properly defrosted and were quite waterlogged. And you can imagine how pleased I was at paying $40 for my daughter's roll and spoonful of macaroni and cheese. What the hell are they thinking charging a little kid that much??? What a bunch of crooks...it is definitely not the same now that it is owned by MGM.笑
So so disappointed. A winding road of food court quality eats not worth remembering. Asian section: Sushi rice balls made from a machine = hard lumps of cold rice, dry and limp noodles. Seafood section: small crab legs, cocktail shrimp, nothing special. Italian section: some dishes were ok, still Olive Garden at best. On the day I was there were also some "exotic" meats like elk, ostrich, cooked well but weren't too exciting.   Did not go back for seconds at all since nothing was good enough to repeat. Saved my appetite for desserts which was actually good. But I will never be back again. Thanks Bellagio!笑
We arrived at the time right before dinner was being served. Well, first of all the bread was terrible, yeah I eat it with almost everything including meat. The crab legs were OK but someone I went with said it really wasn't that great. The sushi was subpar and didn't look all that fresh. Deserts were the only thing I really enjoyed from this establishment. 

To the sum it all up its worth going to but not for over $23. There are BETTER buffets on and off the strip, Good Luck!笑
Disappointed. 

First time when I went there, the line was too long so I left. A year went by, I had another chance to try the place. 

After waited in such a long line and paid that much money. I was very disappointed. The food was so so, nothing stood out. The services were average but below par if you considered it's in a hotel. 

You will have a lot better buffet in Paris, trust me.笑
I didn't think this was even worth 30$. The Kobe beef was over cooked and it took a stiff steak knife to cut it. It tasted like the prime rib but too tough. If you do go get the crab legs, sausage was pretty good, shrimp cocktail and for dessert, coffee shooter, chocolate moose cups and mini key lime pies.
If you like lamb don't get their lamb ribs they are horrible.y over cooked. Not worth it in my opinion笑
I came to Vegas for the first time ever. I was told about the Belaggio buffet being delicious,  i tried it, and was disgusted.  The food was rubbery and bland not to mention the lack of options. By far the worse $40.00 I ever spent.笑
As I sit here we have been waiting for our waitress to bring back refills.... How long does it take for a root beer..... The food was average and the service is trash... She takes our refill order but refills the tables next to us first and still hasn't come back.. Been a good 15 minutes her name starts with a H ....笑
Where do I even start? I was looking forward to eating at one Vegas buffet during my first ever four day stay in Vegas. After some decision making, my fiancé and I finally decided to come to The Buffet at The Bellagio. 

7pm and we're starving. We show up to a huge line. No big deal. An hour wait leaves us thinking "this food is going to blow us away!"

$80 and an hour wait later and we're finally seated. We approach the buffet area to see mass chaos. Kids running around unattended and generally just people walking mindlessly. 

The Kobe beef was not Kobe beef. I'm sorry, but if anyone actually responds to this and tries to tell me that it was actually Kobe beef, you should be fired on the spot. I've had more tender sirloin steaks from Walmart. I couldn't believe they were even serving that. Prime rib was a bit better but not by much. Chicken was okay. I had some sushi that was pretty terrible - you could just tell it was americanized bs. Everything else was downright disgusting. Pesto mashed potatoes? Some crappy Italian noodle dishes that tasted like Chef Boyardi? Not to mention everything was barely even warm. 

Travesty. The kicker? I woke up in the middle of the night and puked my brains out. And the reason I know it was that meal that caused it is the fact that it was the only meal I ate that day. I can't even remember the last time a meal made me sick. That was really what sent things over the edge. 

I also witnessed one of the cooks refilling the king crab thing. He was spilled them all over the counter. The ones that landed on the counter were picked up by his bare hands and just tossed in. So not only did they hit the filthy countertop, they were handled with his bare hands. Awesome. 

I am just so disappointed. For the price, it is NOT worth it. I'm assuming we caught it on a bad day considering all of the amazing reviews, but bad days like that shouldn't happen. I shouldn't get food poisoning from a $40 buffet, the Kobe beef shouldn't taste like shoe leather, and the food should be HOT.  For the same price elsewhere I could have been eating an amazing steak but instead ended up with frozen noodle dishes. Ew. 

I will never go back and never recommend this buffet. You'd be better off eating at McDonalds down the street. Don't take the risk of catching this buffet on a bad day or you might end up like me!笑
We were referred to the buffet knowing the price but were told the experience would be above par. The variety was nice but the quality wasn't that great. For the middle of the week/lunch price point I felt that I ate more than I should have of just average food. I did not walk away feeling like I ate great food. I will not refer anyone to this buffet or return to try it again笑
A good understated buffet. $23 for lunch. The spicy tuna rolls are great and are made to order. The St. Louis ribs are well flavored but not exactly "fall off the bone." There are a lot of healthy choices to help you recover from late night festivities and their dessert selection are plentiful and tasty. I give this 4 out 5 because the Wynn Buffet is 5 out 5 but you will pay a premium for it.笑
Wynn's Buffet beats Bellagio's Buffet for my taste!!!  Wynn's venue is much nicer and decorative compared to bellagio's also.

 Waited about 30 minutes at Noon time on a Sunday..There was a lady waiting in line behind us that was really annoying... I guess some people don't know the concept of space.. she was like all up on my back waiting and such.. it really annoyed me.. me being passive aggressive I try to be slick and just kinda walk back lean back like I don't notice her.. or try to stretch which makes her step back a bit... Seriously though? do you not see you are literally on someone?!?! We kept looking back so she can get a clue.. but i guess not.. then her friend joined.. did the same thing! and talked as loud as ever.. like they were in a hurry to pay and run off and eat...i mean different countries and backgrounds but still.. BACK OFF OLDER WOMEN YOU!! :I

Bellagio does have a wider selection on food compared to the Wynn.. But i Must say that the QUALITY of Wynn's food is ten times better than Bellagio's....

Prime rib at the Wynn.. i can't even explain it because it was soo juicy and delicious.. Bellagio's prime rib made me disappointed.. it was just a small piece of well cooked prime rib.. it made me sad looking at it that I barely ate the whole piece that I asked for!

seabass selection was not too tasty..
smoked salmon and alaskan crab legs pretty good.. a bit too frozen for me though.
dessert selection is a bit more.. i enjoyed the ice cream and fruits.. the flan was bad.........
sushi selection.. the usual: california rolls/hand rolls/vegetarian spring rolls/rice/noodles
pasta was delicious though. the crab ravioli!!!!!!

Some people would say.. " It's Aiteeeeeeeee! *shrugs*"笑
The Buffet at Bellagio was ok, but not everything it's hyped up to be.  I've heard that this is supposed to be the best buffet on the strip, but the food selection and atmosphere were both average.  The different cuisines were also not well organized... it was difficult to find the Asian food from the Mesican food, etc.  I would suggest going elsewehre.笑
So disappointing.  Maybe it's because I came for brunch.

I go to Vegas often and I remember the Bellagio buffet being one of the best on the strip.  Perhaps its been too long since I've eaten there. 

I went there for the Champagne brunch this past Sunday and it was crap.  There was nothing special.  It was just the usual cocktail shrimp, so-so sushi rolls, and regular buffet food.  No crab legs.  No "special" dishes.  It was all omelets, salad, pasta, pizza.  I might as well have eaten at the Circus Circus buffet or Sizzler.

Keep in mind, I like food and am highly critical.  When I hear "Bellagio", I think fabulous.  Their buffet did not deliver.

The Bellagio is a beautiful hotel and its such a shame that their food quality has gone down so low.  While I definitely appreciate the server making sure that my Champagne glass was always full, the food left much to be desired.笑
My friends and I came on a Friday evening and the long line moved quite quickly. Their gourmet weekend dinner is wonderful! 

My favorite selections are the savory porcini truffle ravioli and sea bass. The sashimi is average quality and their smoked salmon is great. The swordfish and Kobe beef however are tough and dry. 

Definitely pick this buffet if you love Alaskan king crab legs. Each huge crab leg is conveniently precut in half. Just grab a plateful and pluck the juicy cold strips of meat into your mouth. :p 

The dessert bar has great variety. Creme brulee, caramel flan, cheesecake, strawberry & chocolate mousse, chocolate cake, tiramisu... Whatever floats your banana boat! 

I wish I have a bigger stomach.笑
We eat here at least once every time we are in Las Vegas.  Always on Sunday morning, its a bit expensive, but the food is always really good!!! and so much to chose from!笑
We came here on a sunday for dinner it was around 27 or 28 bucks which wasnt bad. I have to say it was an okay buffet. Kind of like the Wynn a bit more. The snow crabs was what I was waiting for this whole Vegas trip and I only ate two plates worth, and to me that isnt much. Why were they salty? Didnt make sense =( The rest of the food was pretty good. They have a good variety of food. The decor could do some better remodeling especially for it being in the Bellagio hotel. They had a lot of different desserts, but I was too full to really try any.笑
My boyfriend and I were really excited to try the Bellagio buffet and had heard good things about it.  There was a huge line (1+ hour wait) to get in, but we stood in it hoping that we wouldn't be disappointed when we finally got to eat.

When we finally did get sat, we were seated at a booth towards the back of the restaurant.  The location was further away from the buffet than some would prefer, but I was happy to have a booth.  Some of the 2-seater tables were very small and looked quite uncomfortable, but I guess if you're planning to eat your way through the buffet, you likely get up enough that your butt won't hurt from the uncomfortable chairs.  I digress...

There was so much food it was hard to choose what to eat.  The menu items were unbelievable.  Kobe beef. Veal. Duck. Lamb. Free range turkey. Sushi. Crab legs. Pastas. Salads. It was definitely cool to see and taste food that I've only heard about (like Kobe beef) and to be able to eat as much as I wanted, but aside from the variety of food, I wasn't that impressed.  Everything was still just over-processed, over-cooked buffet food.  The Kobe beef was tough and over cooked.  The free range chicken was ok but still a little tough.  The sushi was fresh but still not great... you get the idea.

The dessert buffet was the same. I was impressed with the quantity and look of the desserts, but the taste was just ok.  The bread pudding was really good but other stuff looked prettier than it tasted.  

For $40 bucks I wasn't too upset about my visit to the Buffet at Bellagio and I certainly got enough to eat, but, like I said, the quantity was massive, but the taste left something to be desired.  I wouldn't necessarily go back, but I wouldn't tell people not to go either.笑
Don't bother me while I get my crab legs on. I don't care if it's only to tell me that I've got crab shells in my hair, on my clothes and everywhere else. Just leave me be and I promise not to stab you in the eye with a shell cracker. 

On occasion I'll try a little bit of this, a little bit of that but I like to fill up on the seafood over anything else. Can't complain about the rest of the menu but I don't really partake in much of it either. 

Good eats, quality food and competitive pricing especially when compared to other buffets down the strip.笑
My friends and I were in Vegas this pass weekend and we decided to go here since I heard that it is one of the better buffets in Vegas. We came here for lunch on a friday afternoon. The line was long, but not too bad. There was a large group of us and I paid $25, which included gratuity. A lot cheaper than what I expected. 

Service was really quick and efficent as oppose to most buffets in Vegas. Our server was really on top of things and extremely friendly. Some of the items that really stood out for me was:
-Eggs Benedict
-Mini Sliders
-Tri-tip
-Pesto Tortellini
-Bow tie pasta
-Chow Mein
-Spicy Tuna Hand rolls
-Tiramisu
-Chocolate cake

At first my friends wanted to do the all you can eat buffet pass thing for 45 bucks, but we decided we wanted quality over quantity and I am glad we went here. Very good quality food and service.笑
If this place had shows, I would spend at least half my day here. I had to leave, not because I didn't have any more buttons to undo in my pants, but because too many people had come and gone and I started to get embarrassed. I mean, there's a line to get in and you start to get a little self-conscious when you're in one place for that long.

After I went to my first fall farmer's market, I became an apple connoisseur because I was able to sample and compare different apples. After I went here, I became an egg connoisseur with so many egg varieties. My current favorite egg preparations are poached and deviled. However, if I eat eggs with something else, I like them runny like the yolk that ran down the sandwich in the film, "Spanglish".

Lots of variety, not the highest class of food, but delicious nonetheless. I can say, that it was tasty enough that I would go to the Bellagio to eat the buffet over all the other buffets in Vegas.笑
I freaking love this buffet! We ate here for brunch on Saturday which was $30 and included unlimited mimosas and also ate here for breakfast on Monday which was $16. You can get just about anything you want. During brunch there is your typical breakfast items (pancakes, waffles, omelets, etc) and there's also pizza, sushi, fruit, pasta, rice, and alot of various desserts. The food here wasn't your normal buffet food it was actually restaurant quality. We would eat here once and be full for the entire day. Pretty sweet deal!笑
I've been to Vegas twice, and each time we go to the Bellagio for the buffet. I don't think it's a secret that this is the creme de la creme in the world of vegas buffets, which is the only drawback. what might be a secret is how to optimize your food consumption while doing your thang at the buffet. I've heard various strategies. I don't believe in the "don't eat before" strategy, I'm of the "slow and steady" philosophy. I'm also going to start watching the Hot Dog eating contest on ESPN (like I did my most recent visit) to psych myself up for excessive self-gorging.

The food ranges from really good to really bad, depending on what you get. I don't know if there are any guidelines, you're just gonna have to try a bit of everything. but don't fill up on carbs, go for the meats and get your money's worth.笑
This is pretty much an average buffet.  Nothing in the buffet had me going back for seconds.  

Our party of three went over the thanks giving weekend and it was more expensive at $50pp.  We expected a little something more at that price.  All that was offered additionally was turkey and ham roast carvery which we didn't even try as it looked rather dismal.  

Two stars given due to the increased price. 
 
In summary:
Stay away from the Asian food and caviar bar
Seafood selection is average at best
Prime rib is nice
Dessert selection is nice

DO NOT bother paying extra for the "holiday special".笑
Preface to review, I am a long time fan of this Vegas buffet. We had a group of 6 on March 26, 2016 for dinner. I enjoyed the quality and taste of food, but half the group considered it slightly above average. Bellagio is not cheap but a few bucks less than the buffets at Caesar's and Wynn. Crab legs were good, caviar ok, prime rib and rack of lamb good, sushi bad, street tacos good, service ok, deserts good to above average.   It's consistent in quality and range of choices, albeit not near Caesar's. $44 a person equated to 2 hours of dining. Definitely a good choice for Vegas buffet. Foodie out.笑
The Bellagio boasts the most diverse,carefully arranged feeding trough on the strip (that i can speak for), putting it in the running for one of the greatest buffets in the world. I came to their buffet between breakfast and lunch (we'll call it brunch) to a fair sized line. Despite this i was promptly seated, given my drink, and sent for my first helping. The cocktail shrimp were amazing and chilled perfect. The prime rib and london broil were exquisite. The African bluenose was delicious. Even the desserts, coming fresh from the oven, were pretty outstanding. I dont remember exactly what i paid, but it couldnt have been more than $20. It is by no means the cheapest buffet in town, but probably has the best value.笑
The food is top notch! We came for the breakfast buffet and the food was great!! Many choices, lots of variety. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the servers/staff/employees were less than friendly. We felt we had to track down a server for a drink- maybe because we paid for the unlimited alcoholic drinks? Not sure. Check in people were short, seemed bothered and annoyed. But don't let that scare you away because the food is great!!笑
A great stop for breakfast. I can't complain about $13.95 for a buffet that gets you through to dinner without feeling hungry again. (especially when eating at Panda Express costs about the same price!) And if you show up towards the end of breakfast (10:30ish) - you get to eat the extras they put out for the lunch crowd at the breakfast price. 

Don't know about any of the other meals, but I would definitely recommend the breakfast buffet at Bellagio.笑
After eating at the Noodles place in the Bellagio, we realized that its cheaper to just eat a good buffet even if you aren't extremely hungry. 

Hence, we came to the buffet at Bellagio for lunch with the cost being $19.95/person. Given that it was a day after the holiday weekend, there was no line and we were able to go straight through to the buffet (I saw that there was a long line Sunday night). 

There was almost an overwhelming variety of food, and a wonderful line of desserts. I tried a little bit of everything, and I was very happy with the taste and quality of the food. The omelet bar was great, and the desserts were good too. You definitely get the quality and quantity for the price, and even more! 

Maybe I am raving about the buffet more since I am comparing it to the  buffet at the Mandalay Bay which was completely underwhelming the next morning. However, I will definitely come back to this buffet the next time I am in Vegas!笑
Everyone says that you must try some buffets when travel in LAS. Then I choose the famous Bellagio... We came here in early afternoon, so we didn't wait. 

Food here didn't surprise us, just good. For the snow crab legs, well... not fresh, no flavor, placed on ice. Honestly, I can't say it's a must-try. But the dessert is good.

雪蟹腿是冰镇的，很一般。笑
Still the best dinner buffet on the strip. Start with the king crab and shrimp cocktails. Then move on the specialty meats.  Everything sings quality...especially the hand made desserts.笑
hey assholes don't try and hide the crab legs from me!!!! MINUS ONE STAR!! other than that things were pretty good some of the dishes there looked a bit sad but they had a great selection of salads and really yummy pretzel baguettes that even swiss boyfriend highly enjoyed but DON'T HIDE THE CRAB LEGS!!!笑
We came to this buffet back in 2010 and I thought it was magical.  The food was so good - totally amazing for a buffet!  While we have been back to Vegas many times since then, and have eaten at various buffets, we never had the chance to try this one again until our recent trip, where we stayed at the Bellagio.

We arrived on a Friday night, and once we got settled into our room and made it downstairs, it was around 7:30.  We were happy that there was not too much of a wait.  We were seated within 20 minutes.  One member of our party was in a wheel chair, and the table we were seated at was kind of in the middle of everything. 

The food was good, but nothing spectacular like I remembered.  Some of the variety was different than some other buffets, like beef stroganoff with super tender beef.  Other than that, nothing really stood out.  I will note that the cost was not exorbitant, something like $40pp.  My hubby liked the crab legs, and for that price, it was a bargain.

I asked my hubby about the difference between the last time we came and now.  Maybe I thought it was grander than it really was back then.  Or maybe I've had so many nice meals in the past 6 years, buffet and not, that it takes more to impress me?  However, judging by other reviews, it looks like maybe it's just not the same as it used to be.

We would go back, but I'd like to try Bacchanal or the Wicked Spoon first!笑
One of the better buffets in Vegas with a wide variety of food, quality fresh baked goods, and solid/well prepared seafood options.  Good desserts as well.   Certainly not as good as Paris, but a solid second tier option for those looking to eat a ton.

Service was excellent and the line was short, so that was a plus, as well.

A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.  See pics.

Highly recommend the stuffed french toast w/ Hazelnuts and Banana!笑
Definitely tops my list as the best buffet on the strip. Many other buffets are either cheaper or offer more choices, but the price you pay for the taste and quality of food at The Buffet at Bellagio, you can't get any better than that.
Two things to prepare you- be prepared to pay a bit more than other buffets, and be prepared to wait in line. It generally averages around 25 bucks per person to eat (price differs between brunch, lunch, dinner, and holiday buffets), and the line is generally around 30 minutes. There are TONS of tables inside the buffet, so the line will move fast, but there are LOTS of folks here to EAT!
The layout of the buffet is great, all organized by type of food, all very easy to get to, and all very accessible. The salad bar offers up tons of fresh salads and dressings, as well as lots of great fresh fruit. Seafood bar has crab legs, shrimp, and select sushi rolls, along with some oysters.
There's always an Italian area, with about 8 different types of pizzas, and tons of pasta choices. A Chinese area offers up lots of your favorite noodles with chicken and other asian delights. There's a meat area, which generally has sliders, turkey, and always some delicious fresh carved meats, including prime rib, roasted chickens, leg of lamb, tons of choices, ALL delicious. Usually some good sides like garlic mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, mac 'n cheese, and tons more.
And the desert bar... Oh, the desert bar... Tiramisu, Creme Brulee, Tarts, Key Lime Pie, and an Ice Cream Machine. I think I gained 10 pounds my last sitting. 
The service is always very good, they are always coming around, making sure your drinks are full, taking away your empty plates,and offering coffee when you're done. For the price you pay, you definitely get your money's worth, as the food is delicious, and I love that you can get whatever you want, as much as you want. Can't beat it. I stop in here to eat EVERY time I visit Vegas, and I recommend everyone else do the same. You have to eat here at least once.笑
Brunch Buffet was good, line was long but it wasn't a long wait. I had high expectations. There is so much food to choose from, definitely bring  your appetite. Fresh fruit, fresh pastries,  and made to order omelette's. Pancakes were freshly made on the spot as well. A lot of fresh meats and a lot of yummy sides. It's hard to decide if you really want breakfast lunch or some dinner items. Overall I definitely recommend it.笑
This is usually a must do for us when In Vegas. I have to say that this time it was only a 4 star visit.  Things just didn't not meet or exceeded our expectations like it used to.  The shrimp and crab have gone down in quality as the years progressed.  Some of the food was cold.  I think this buffet needs an update.  Over all it's ok but it could and has been much better.  Service was excellent.笑
This place really sucked. I was pretty disappointed. Everything was really dry or over cooked or had no flavor at all. The only things that were ok here were the chicken tortilla soup, crem brûlée, and the roasted carrots by the duck. That's about it. For the price and the wait here, this is a thumbs down.笑
this is better than Cosmo's buffet in my opinion

$32 weekday dinner

prime rib was a bit stringy

crab legs (2 varieties) ask them to heat it up for you

flank steak - tasty!

overall food was tasty

I used to go to the Wynn buffet but don't know if it is good anymore笑
It doesn't live up to the hype.  The variety was decent and prime rib and lamb chops were good, but quality was overall lackluster.笑
My friend was in town this past weekend and we decided to hit up the brunch buffet at the Bellagio on Sunday afternoon.  The only other buffet I've been to in Vegas is the one at the Rio and I would rate both the food and the service at the Bellagio significantly higher.  I know the Wynn buffet is supposed to be awesome as well, but I haven't experience that one yet.

Wait:  We got there a little after 11:30 am and were seated by 12:45.  If you get there earlier, the wait would probably be shorter.

Price: We paid $30 for the brunch buffet, plus $5 for unlimited champagne.  That sounds pricey at first glance, but in my opinion it was totally worth it for the quality of the food and the quantity we ended up eating.  Also, $5 for unlimited champagne in Vegas is as good of a deal as you're going to get.

Service:  Very impressive for a buffet.  Water, coffee, and champagne were refilled promptly.  Our server did forget my friend's coffee request towards the end of the meal, but she eventually remembered and that was the only small issue.  I was pleasantly surprised with how attentive our server was.

Food:  Very good for a buffet.  My friend and I came prepared and attacked the buffet with a plan.  We broke it down into breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert courses.  We were there for about 3 hours.  In retrospect this was pretty disgusting, but whatever.  I'm going to try to remember what I ate...
Breakfast round:
- Eggs benedict: Awesome.  The egg was perfectly cooked, and the hollandaise sauce was the perfect balance of buttery and lemon-y.
- Bagel and lox: Always a good choice for brunch.  Their bagels weren't the freshest of bagels, but they were good.  The smoked salmon was lovely, and there were all the fixing you could ever want: tomatoes, red onion, capers, cream cheese.
- Breakfast sausage:  A little dry, but tasty.

Lunch round:
- Chicken biryani: Very good.  Awesome flavor, although it could have been spicier.  Chicken was very tender.
- Spicy tuna cones:  Delicious!  A must-try.  Kind of a deconstructed spicy tuna roll, with tuna, rice, cucumber, etc, wrapped in a sushi wrap, but in a cone instead of a roll (resulting in much more tuna fitting in a single serving).  So so good.

Dinner round:
- Lamb: Very flavorful and tender.  And they had an interesting mint jelly sauce that I loved, although I don't remember what was in it.
- Spicy Thai beef:  I remember it being spicy, but that's really all I remember.

Dessert round:
- Bread pudding:  Incredible.  I may be biased because I love bread pudding and I haven't had it in so long, but this bread pudding was awesome.  Creamy texture, light flavor.
- Mini Key Lime Tartes:  Also very good, although not the best key lime I've had.
- Mini Chocolate Mousse Cakes:  Awesome. Super chocolately with a nice fluffy texture.

I know I'm forgetting a significant amount of the food I tried, but these are the things that stuck out in my mind.

Highly recommend!笑
I had been looking forward to this buffet. I wanted to go to a amazing buffet and did my research. It was between this one and the one at Caesars. We opted for this because I scored a buy one get one buffet. I was hoping to get some of the top sushi that had been highlighted on the travel channel and other forms of media. I did my research and they said the full assortment was going to be available at lunch. We showed up and got in without a issue (VIP line). We were sat quickly and began our feast. I went to the sushi section and all they had was california rolls. Where are all the other amazing types of sushi i had been promised?! I checked back several times and the only additional rolls they added were a veggie roll. No salmon? No tuna? I also tried the flank steak which was pretty good, brisket, and ribs, They were all pretty good. Not amazing like i anticipated. I actually found the pizza to be the best part of the options i tried. I indulged in shrimp and a few desserts. the desserts were decent, but not what i had expected. I left feeling like they had been hiding all the amazing stuff that has been ranted and raved about. I have been to my fair share of buffets and found this to be no different than what you would get at some of the less over the top buffets on and off the strip. Save your money and go to a different buffet and pay less for the same quality.笑
Wow anything and everything u could ask for is here and it's all very good. One plate I had pizza and wings and my next trip I got sushi how cool is that. A little pricey butt if u have a big appetite its money well spent笑
Decent place to have dinner. However, I'd say the buffet at Wynn is much better for a slightly more expensive price. The crab legs are watery, but the dessert selection is great.笑
Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a huge buffet person. I have been to my share of buffets and always leave disappointed and have pretty much stopped going to them. However, we had a credit to use at any restaurant/cafe in the Bellagio and decided to give this a go since the MGM buffet was pretty good when I visited a few years ago. This buffet, bar far, was the best buffet I've ever been to. We hit it right in between breakfast and lunch so got to have a bit of both for the breakfast price. The breakfast included lox and bagels - the lox were so creamy and not fishy at all, very very good. Also had the waffles and my friend had the french toast. We hit the dessert table more than a few times and everything was delicious. We got the drink package and our waiter was awesome, attentive, and definitely more than happy to fill our glasses and keep them full (sometimes I feel like with bottomless drinks, it's hard to get someone to come fill up your glass - definitely not the problem here). I would definitely recommend this buffet, you won't regret it if you're into buffets. The quality of the food is good and the selection is huge. 

There was a line when we arrived (around 10:30 on a Friday morning), but it went quickly and we were seated within 15 minutes or so, not bad at all.笑
I heard that the best two buffets in Vegas are the Bellagio and Wynn buffets.  I have yet to try the buffet at Wynn.  Next trip for sure.  I just tried the buffet at Bellagio.  Very good.  I was very happy.  The selection was good.  The food was good.  The dessert was good.  The service was good.  Thumbs up!  Of the buffets that I tried so far in Vegas, this one is my favorite.  Second comes Monte Carlo, third comes Paris, fourth Carnival ...笑
I am fat so I eat alot of buffets.  I've eaten at the gourmet buffet twice and the breakfast buffet once.  The food gets boring really fast here.  One of the visits they were serving kobe beef.  I think it was good but the beef wouldn't stop moving.  It was still very bloody and rare.  I couldn't tell if they massaged the cow or not.  The main attraction at this buffet are the crab legs.  People horde them like there is no tomorrow.  I would eat the gourmet buffet just to tell your materialistic friends you ate at the Bellagio gourmet buffet.笑
Wish I could give it less than a star.....the worst!!!
We were sick the entire day!
Even a local came up to us and said he thought that it had gone down in quality....DONT EAT HERE!!!笑
Usually Vegas buffets are a gluttonous amount of mediocre food. The Buffet At Bellagio is not that. The food ranging from mussels, fresh carved turkey, pesto mash potatoes and bagel with lox will satisfy families and the hungover! Go now on an empty stomach and enjoy:)笑
I have to say that the first time I feasted here I was very impressed but then again it was during the weekend. 

I came back on a Monday for lunch at noon and there were still some breakfast items out like eggs benedict and blintz which was a cool surprise in case you are still in the mood for some breakfast items, but the rest of the selection was just A-OK.  I am truly surprised that what I remember being one of the best Buffets in Vegas was now just ordinarily comparable to any station casino buffet.  The only great tasting item on my plate was the flank steak which had a nice char taste to it. The sushi was all the same and supper cold and the spicy tuna hand rolls were being handed out with such attitude from a gentleman behind the counter. Perhaps it is a different experience on the weekend but still there is no excuse for not putting forward the best on any operating day. 

I'm now eager to compare this with the Wynn's Buffet as I also remember it to be up there on my favorites list.  

The service in general was not the greatest to counteract this not so great buffet therefore at this point I do not feel that the prices are merited.笑
me and my boys chose two buffets to go to this past trip and I said the Bellagio had to be one of them. It was great! the prime rib was most def the best out of all buffets and rivaled most of those found in steak houses. the pesto mashed potatoes was a treat and the sushi bar was a nice surprise. Beware of the ahi and salmon poke, a lil bit too spicy. There was a lil bit of a line but who cares, once you get to the table you can be eating within 10 min tops!

O and for those complaining about the price. Our tab ended up being like 35 per person with tip for dinner. Not bad considering that our breakfast at the Luxor cafe was 30 each with average fare. I'd pay the extra 5 bucks for the gourmet buffet anyday.笑
I went to this Buffet for lunch on my Birthday in 2010. It was awesome! Really something that I talked about for years. Just went today, and boy has it taken a turn. Everything looked old, and was on par with a Hometown Buffet or Crackle Barrel. Hours later, my wife and cousin and sick and I'm pretty certain it was the buffet. C'mon guys I've had fresher eggs Benedict at Denny's. :/ I guess we'll always have 2011.笑
I don't know what the big deal about the Bellagio's buffet was.  The line was ridonkulus and the food was "aite" at best.  The buffet was better than most that I've been to in Vegas but far from spectacular.

The price was no different from what you would expect in Vegas so don't be too shocked.  You can't really go to Vegas and expect anything too cheap.

The selection was decent, but after a few trips back and forth, you find yourself seeing all the same stuff over and over again.  I'm not a huge fan of crab legs, but I know most people are.  They're really smart about their crab legs here.  They split them down the middle so you don't have to worry about cracking open the shell.  They're all cooled at the buffet, but you can get a plate full and ask the chefs to boiling them for you.  I definitely recommend that you do that.

Another item that stood out was their prime rib.  It's really tender and prepared well.  Grab a few of the side items too because they compliment the meal.笑
The food is good, nothing really disappointed and there are heaping piles of seafood to choose from. Literal piles...

For fifty dollars a person I really expected great food, but it was just alright. The prime rib was beautifully cooked to a medium rare and the sausage ravioli was simply delicious. Everything else tasted like a 4 star restaurant quality food. Which isn't bad, but simply not what I was expecting from dropping 50 dollars on top of tip.

I wasn't a fan of the king crab legs, they were a bit plain imo. They should've been boiled with a tad bit of salt to give it some flavor. There weren't any dipping sauces either besides cocktail sauce so I was a tad disappointed at the crab selection. I could be spoiled though as when I usually come with family they would bring garlic lime fish sauce with them like true Asians do and finish entire tables of seafood!! But I came with friends and I had to miss out on what could've been a typical Asian feast at buffets lol笑
We went to the Bellagio Buffet for lunch the first day we arrived this past tues since it was close to the Vdara where we were staying at and it pretty much ruined our quick trip to Vegas. Wife had food poisoning after eating most likely the seafood, maybe the mussels or possibly the chinese food since those were the only items I didnt have.

After heading back to the hotel we took a nap and after she woke up she was beginning to have flu like symptoms, body aches, which led to throwing up and till today diarrhea. Dissapointing since we really wanted to enjoy our break. I understand making food in mass quantities can be difficult, but getting sick from food even one time is a fail in my book.笑
Arrived around 12 pm? For lunch with my boyfriend it wasn't too packed on a Friday surprisingly. I'm always disappointed at buffets cause everything just tasted mediocre.  But this buffet has to be my favorite of all time! Their steak is so good and the quality is up there. Everything else was good as well too. Very good selection of food.笑
Showed up to this place for lunch around 1:30 to find a huge line we had to wait in before even getting in this place.  Yes, while in line, I think we even went as far to compare the line to be similar to those found at Disneyland.

But for a buffet as good as this was, I guess a line could only be expected.

All You Can Eat Buffet that serves food from many different cultures.  

During lunch, they were making omelets, and on my second or third round, I definitely got myself one of those.  Of course they had prime rib, and since we had to wait so long in line to get in, we ended up sliding over to food for dinner (even though we only paid the lunch price) - Yippee.  That meant crab legs.  MmmmMmm.

Desserts were pretty yummy.  However, I filled up so much on the rest of the food, my tummy could barely handle any dessert, which made me sad.

This is just one of many buffets in Vegas.  Would I come again?  Yes, but probably not soon, there's plenty more I would like to try out too.笑
An impressive buffet with a wide variety of foods.  We arrived at about 2:30PM on a Thursday and there was long line.  Everyone was trying to get in on the lunch price of about $23 before the changeover (plus $11 more) for the dinner.  We only waited for about 20 minutes before being seated.  

People that eat in buffet have a tendency to overindulge.  Our party of 6 were very good about selecting foods and making sure that we eat what we selected.  That way you do not gorge or waste food.  However, we saw some exceptions.  Two women (Marin County types) wanted a whole slab of ribs which they took to their table near us.  They also had huge helpings of other goodies, but at the end we observed that the food was wasted including 6 large pieces of of bbq ribs.  What pigs!  No wonder they were overweight.

Also were observed grabby people, particularly at the helping of snow crabs.  You can rest assured that they were also wasted.  Buffets also bring out the poorly mannered patrons on how they treat the staff.  One woman wanted a piece of prime rib and didn't want it cut from the end, but from the middle.  When the chef sliced her a piece, she rejected it and wanted a thicker slab.  Why didn't she take two smaller slices and not be such a jerk to chef.

The rest room accomodations had only two urinals in the mens room.  For a dining area this size, it was wholly lacking.  Luckily the Bellagio, outside the buffet had plenty of rest rooms. 

The service was very good and they promptly clean our table of excessive plates.  The food was very well prepared and plenty of it.  The dining area was exceptionally clean.  We left a generous tip to our headwaiter, though I didn't see others leaving anything.

It is unlikely that we would eat here again - mainly because I do not really believe in buffets, but for those that do, the Bellagio is a great place to eat.笑
I remember back in the day when I was a little child this was my favorite buffet ever. I just love bellagio buffet and I would go all out every time I come here when I was a little kid. Haha I even remember the time when I would go eat lemon to help myself to stuff more food because it helped. That was some good times haha.

Anyway I remember I went to bellagio a couple years back and I was totally dissappointing. This was my favorite buffet and it went downhill from the last time I went. I mean a major downgrade from what I tasted when I was a child. It was truly disappointing.

Anyway I went back 3 weeks ago and I thought it improved from the last time. I wouldn't say its amazing but they do offer a lot of hot food,salad,bread and desserts. I went there for a Sunday brunch which brought me happiness because I love omelettes. So I got like 3 omelettes which made me pretty happy. I find the prime kind of rare but the taste was pretty good. There were a few items on the hot entree that was pretty delicious while a few I tried one bite and I left it there. Overall the buffet isn't bad so its not bad to try it out if you're in bellagio.笑
I went there for dinner buffet and all the food was awesome! I can't remember what I ate, but I do remember that everything was of high quality, unlike other hotel buffets which only have some good and some bad! For example, I like eating smoked salmon, Bellagio's smoked salmon tastes fresh and rich. They have a wide range of different food, and I think that it is really worth the slightly higher price one has to pay for this buffet as compared to the other cheaper ones!笑
Hmmmm... Buffet at the Bellagio.... Excellent

They had a good selection of food and desserts. All of which tasted very good. I even had the audacity to try their crab meat. Which is saying a lot since it is a buffet after all and I am allergic to shell fish. However, the crab was sweet and delicious and I did not suffer from any food poisoning (insert cheers). The place might get a little crowded and chaotic depending on the time of day but overall a positive experience.

Definitely worth the money and wait.笑
Pretty reasonable
$23 for Brunch/Lunch on Mondays

Pretty good selections--probly everything you can think of, but no fancy oysters, crabs, toros, etc...笑
The buffet at bellagio is so much better than the Caesars buffet, and price is cheaper. Suggest people come here for all types of meeting. The service is excellent as well笑
5/5. The bellagio buffet offers a wide selection of Asian, American, Italian, and seafood. Soy duck, chorizo, tuna hand wraps, snow crab legs, flank steak, caramel brulé, etc can be found.

Service: concierge is nice, waitress was prompt. Be sure to get a MLife card to avoid line ups

Quality: the quality is definitely a step above your average buffet. The snow crab legs were full of flavor , the prime rib was not overcooked or lacking flavor. The tuna hand wraps tasted like the real thing

If you're looking for a solid meal but wanting to keep it casual....the bellagio is the place!笑
This is our favorite buffet here. Last visit was for Labor Day they had a special brunch for $39.95. The crab legs were fresh and the salads were all delicious making this a better value for me rather than eating at a seafood restaurant. The meat was tasty but nothing  special. The best new edition is the all you can drink deal for $10 extra. Choose between Bloody Mary, mimosa, margaritas and import beers. Stick with your drink and have all you want. The margaritas were top shelf and excellent. Everyone walked away feeling they had a great meal笑
Definitely not a good buffet experience in Vegas.The food is no big deal. The Sushi quality disappointed me, dry rice and few options and also few options of seafood. The staff are not friendly and polite. Takes forever to replace used plates and to refill beverage. I would recommend other buffet.笑
There was a lot of hype about this spot, I'm not saying I wasn't satisfied but I'm not saying I was as impressed as I thought I would be after all the hype.
Like any other buffet, there are a lot of options and there was a long wait. The difference between this buffet and the majority of the buffets on the Vegas strip is that this one had lots of seafood options - which I prefer because I don't eat a lot of meat and if I could, I would only eat fish. Also, we had a Pescatarian in our group, so it was much easier than usual for her to find yummy food to eat. =] 
The one thing I really enjoyed here was the desserts! They were made so beautifully and tasted like heaven!
The service and staff here was on point, not once during my meal was my drink anywhere empty nor was our table crowded of dirty dishes. [needless to say, our group left a good tip ;]

The price wasn't bad, especially since I ate lots of salmon poki & sushi; definitely ate my worth ;]

When I go to Vegas again, I'll be eating here for dinner again since theres lots of seafood options and I'm not a steak and eggs kinda person.笑
I had read that you need to get here right at 4pm to avoid the long lines, and that my friends is true! By the time we left at around 6pm the line stretched all the way down the casino. So we felt a little bit like old folks eating dinner so early but it was well worth it. The Buffet itself has a wide selection of delicious options and most of them are definitely on the high end of the scale. The Alaskan king crab legs seemed to be a huge hit. No lobster though! The desserts were amazing and I'm not usually one to be tempted but the key lime tart lets were too good to be true! Overall I would say this is a good bet for early dinner or late lunch and for $35 it was reasonable.笑
The food was just ok.  We went for breakfast there on Friday morning.  We went early enough that we were seated right away which was lucky because as we were leaving the line was incredible.  The selection was ok but in general the food was mediocre.  The service was good.  For the money, I think Bally's, Mirage, Mandalay and the Wynn are much better options.笑
Bellagio was beautiful and the buffet was awesome. There was soo much food and everything was up to par. I also enjoyed the buffet a tad bit more than everyone else since I was buzzed the whole time, but I remembered how good the food was ;)笑
Below average buffet for Vegas.  Quality and selection of food was very disappointing. Crab legs were miniscule (and I do mean miniscule literally).  They weren't worth the effort.  Sushi selection was almost non-existent. Desserts were very average. I will not return to this buffet. One positive, the service was good.  The day before, we ate at The Bacchanal.  The quality and food selection were far superior.  However, the service was worse (probably because tip is pre-paid at The Bacchanal).笑
Once we landed from our uber early flight (came from east coast) we were running on empty so we agreed to try the Bellagio's holiday brunch buffet. 

No lines at 8:30 am - jolly.

Btw the Bellagio's champagne holiday brunch buffet is $37.99 plus $12.99 per person.

Hubs selected that option while I preferred the regular holiday brunch buffet. Champagne/booze makes me sleepy and I wasn't tired -_0

Staff informed us that the champagne holiday brunch also included mimosa and sangria drinks too. He just asked for champagne. The glass was always full :)

As I mentioned in previous buffet reviews, I'm not a volume gorger - rather I'm an assortment grazer.

Memorable treats:
+Regular French toast (freshly arrived)
+Red velvet waffles also fresh (I added walnut topping)
+Broccolini (sauteer w/something zesty yummy)
+Bacon (need I say more?)
+Large cuts of watermelon (MMMM lycopene)
+Coffee tiramisu (woke me up w/caffeine flavor)
+Key lime pie (love tarty taste)

Also thanks for constantly filling up my hot tea pot (brought my own oolong).

Service was courteous, professional, and efficient. As staff was switching some assignments over, our current server introduced us to our new server. Flawless switch. Nice.

Great way to start our random last-minute LV trip ^_^笑
The one thing that stands out about this dinner buffet is the changing premium selection available during most dinners.  Over by the sushi, you can get nice hand rolls, poke, or beef tartar.  There's also generally kobe beef, prime rib, or both available.  The pesto mash is always good too.
Food selection 5/5
Food quality 4/5
Service 4/5
Atmosphere 3/5笑
For $40 a person I expected more. The brisket was dry, there was an upcharge for cappuccino, and the crab legs are cold. I wasn't impressed and left feeling unsatisfied.笑
Expensive?  Yes.  Long lines?  Yes.  Worth it?  Yes.  

I don't eat seafood so you will probably say it is not worth it for me to come here.  Think again.  All you can eat dessert as good as they make it here?  It is so worth it to me.  

You will find me here whenever I am in town.笑
This place kicked butt! Love the spread and the price for brunch was worth every dime! Try it out when in Vegas!笑
Lunch price is pretty fair during the week. $25.99 for a pretty great buffet. 

The standard salad bar is provided, but not as many toppings offered here than other buffets. 

They have the usual pizza, about 3 different choices. They have 3 different pastas, and a ton of bread and butter. 

Glad to see a sushi section. Only rolls for lunch, they later bring salmon and tuna sashimi for dinner (3:30 pm). There is also miso soup, shrimp cocktail and pre-made salads. 

Pesto mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, and finally the crab arrives for dinner!

The best part... Dessert. Almost everything was excellent... Except the chocolate domes and carrot cake. 

I just wish there was a little more variety here. The quality is very good for a buffet, but not excellent. I would come back hands down!笑
Once the king of buffets in Vegas Bellagio is still a solid contender.  I have eaten here several times for the seafood buffet and always enjoyed it. The food quality is good and the selections are good as well. This buffet wont blow you away, but if you have some comps to use at Bellagio this wouldnt be a bad choice to use them.笑
One of the better buffets I have been to in Vegas. We ate at the Buffet at Bellagio every day for breakfast on our recent Vegas trip. The highlight of this buffet was all the choices it has on it for brunch. I really enjoyed the prime rib it had great flavor and  was better then most other buffets I have eaten at. The shrimp were also very good. The pizza wasn't bad either for buffet pizza. They also have a great selection of desserts and a nice self serve ice cream machine. They have a bunch of drink stations with Coke Freestyle machines which I like because I didn't have to wait for someone to fill my drink. They were also very good about getting dirty plates cleared.  Overall a great buffet but not quite as good as the one at the Cosmo which in my opinion still sets the bar for Vegas Buffets.笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio, an array of incredible fancy looking cuisine, that dissapoints with bland flavors however, not everything is bad for great service and selection this is a bargain....also, if u have a weak stomach don't plan on swimming after you eat  because you'll be spending a night with the SHARTS!笑
I love this buffet. Its inside the Bellagio Hotel. I love it!!

The waitress was soo nice, even gave us the champagne glass to walk around the strip. Even finished the whole bottle for us.

I was with my friends. The food was great. So many selections to choose and very tasty.

I would definitely come back when I go visit Vegas again.笑
The ONLY reason this buffet gets 4 stars is because I cannot eat cold crab legs.  Other than that, I've been to Bellagio 5 times in the past 3 years while on vacation.  It is pricey if you go during the weekends when they serve their "gourmet" dinner.  

I liked their dinner selection because it was very impressive and the selection is great.  The food is fresh and clean.

What I liked best was their lunch selection.  It was only $20, but yet you get almost the same selection of food that you would during dinner.  I was so stuffed from eating lunch that I passed on even dinner.  The dessert selection was awesome.

I've been to Mandalay Bay, Wynn, and I'd have to say this is the best as far as overall selection.  If you are specifically a crab legs eater, then you will get bang for your buck at Mandalay Bay.笑
I absolutely LOVE this buffet!  I've been to the Buffet at the Bellagio about four times now including several holiday weekends and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes in line.  

I recently came here during 4th of July weekend and their brunch was only $35.00 where places like the Wynn and Paris were charging $60.00 for holiday brunch (OUTRAGEOUS, and no your $60.00 does not include alcohol).  Regularly it is around $30.00 for brunch which is reasonable considering everything they serve is delicious.  Honestly, I have never tried anything here that wasn't good.  Also they have every kind of food you can want: breakfast dishes, prime rib, sushi, asian, shrimp/crab (depending on when you come), cheeses, salad bar, and lots of yummy desserts.  

Additionally, the last time I dined her my friends and I also got the all you can drink champagne which is only $10.00 (you can also get all you can drink bloody marys, beer, or margaritas) which I think is a steal.  

The service here is also great, last time we came here our waitress did an amazing job of serving us which I really appreciate because buffets tend to be lacking on their service and I hate when you are dining and no one comes to refill your water for like half an hour.  

Overall, I would highly suggest this buffet, it is definately WORTH the price!笑
$50 per person because of the holidays, but the offering was really poor and not any better than regular.  Barely defrosted crab that had no taste, really tough rib and "kobe beef", and tiny pieces of stale raw fish on big slabs of rice pretending to be sushi.

The only redeeming quality seems to be the desserts, but I wouldn't have waited 1.5 hours and paid $50 for apple pie.笑
FOODIE/PANDA HEAVEN. Came here for dinner right before the Cirque de Soleil-O show. There was a line, about 30 minutes, but seriously, quit your bitchin. There are lines for the Olive Garden too and their food is stank nasty, so pick your battles! The food here is SO WORTH IT. WOWWWWW. I never even knew what a buffet was until I came here, DAYUM! There is SO MUCH FOOD! Not only plentiful, but great quality and HUGE variety! Salad bars, sushi bars, soups, indian, thai, fresh fruit, desserts, seafood, meat, pasta, mexican, american, italian, greek...it goes on. There's also stuff I've never heard of, but happily piled onto my plate. Grilled yahoo? I thought that was an internet service provider, but you look very yummy and om nom, so onto the plate you go! =)

Memorable bites: those MASHED SWEET POTATOES. I'm pretty sure if diabetes took a food form, this dish would be it. But it is sooooooooooo gooooood. And who's gonna come into the Bellagio Buffet and start giving a shit about their health? Did you really just pay $35 to stand around by the salad bar? Live a little! Carpe diem! The Bellagio Buffet is where you check your coat and health at the door and start EATING like you've never seen food before in your life! Get those mashed sweet potatoes cuz they clammin in yo windows, rapin yo taste buds, and callin yo name!!!!
-Chilean sea bass was tender and juicy and very flavorful. Mmmmmm
-Pesto mashed potatoes. I love pesto, so this was awesome!
-Pecan pie was the best dessert (and I tried all of them)

Please, do yourself a favor and fast for a week before you come here. You will thank me for the life-altering food coma you'll find yourself in after your meal. You may even need gastric bypass surgery afterwards, but it's so worth it! Coming here was the only time that I've wished that I was like a cow and had multi-chambered stomachs just so I could eat more delicious food!

EXPONENTIALLY BOMBASS BUFFET! A MUST-EAT IN VEGAS!!!!!笑
We tried this a couple of days after going to the Aria buffet and were really surprised it didn't give Aria more competition. Soft serve ice cream instead of gelato, Bellagio? Seriously, soft serve? 

There were bananas Foster (not superlative) and very nice creme brulee, one of our favorites.

The prime rib was very good, as was the au jus. The crab legs and shrimp were good but standard fare. The sushi selection was rather disappointing, especially compared to Aria. 

The plusses were few and far between. There was an excellent selection of picture-perfect fresh fruit and a nice garnish bar with olives and nuts included. In contrast, the bread was below lackluster. At Aria I actually was tempted into two selections; at Bellagio it was easy to skip breads completely. The soups were boring and not at all tempting even though there were several selections available. I kept wandering around thinking I might have missed something, but no, I had not. 

My first glass of lemonade was fine. The next one was watery; the replacement wasn't very good either. Oh well. 

Go to Aria instead.笑
I looked up reviews and it looked like it should be good for lunch but it was worse than a Golden corral meal that my children like for $7.99. Steak had absolutely no taste then tried chicken it was dry and cold.
Dessert, I tried a brownie and it was also very dry and tasteless and last but not least I try to cookie and they would've been better off if they got Pillsberry out of the grocery store.
Will not be back!!笑
I went here five years ago and I said to everyone the best buffet in Vegas.  A few days ago, I went here again but this time for lunch and well, they have lost there title for the best.  The food quality is slipped downhill as I do not find anything different from the other upscale buffets.  Even Planet Hollywood and Paris are the same as bellagio.  When I went last time, the fruits served were exotic ones like lychee and star fruit from overseas.  Now they serve oranges, watermelon, Melons.  okay.  I didn't eat more than two plates as there wasn't anything I liked.    Again, this was lunch and last time I went dinner so maybe there is a difference.笑
The brunch had very limited selections, and it's definitely over pricing!!!! DONT COME HERE FOR LUNCH...笑
The food is tasty, BUT there really aren't many options for vegetarians. Of course there's the typical minestrone soup - watch my finger twirl- woohoo. 
I will say I've never had pesto mashed potatoes, and they're yummy, but not outstanding. There's a lot of potato options... 5 pasta options- 4 of which have meat, the 5th is boring manicotti. 
Not wowed at all. Definitely enjoyed the buffet more at MGM. 
$34.99/person- average.笑
The Bellagio Buffet is definitely overhyped. I came here for the first time over the summer. I was so surprised that is about $40 per a person, but I guess it is decent since it was so packed and it is after all VEGAS.
 
I must admit there was alot of variety and great selections. However, some of the food just did not taste so great. The lamb shank and the bone marrow I had was good. But the steak i had was so chewy and dry. I almost choked on it. The asian options were also a little limited. The sushi quality was really good I miss admit.

My favorite dish when i can here was actually a sea bass dish. The fish was moist and not overcooked.笑
I would love to give this place 5 stars but the lack of green bean casserole kept it from happening. 

The arrogance in the planning in the buffet is most apparent in the void that was not having green bean casserole.

One year for thanksgiving my mother attempted my grandpas famous recipe and failed miserably.  She had been drinking since four am and ash rested on top of the over boiling gravy from what was at least two packs of stress induced cigarettes she smoked while trying to make dinner for 14 on short notice.  While she isnt much of a chef, the people here clearly are so why couldn't they perfect and serve such a simple dish?

Get your shizz together and maybe next time you will get all the stars you deserve!笑
A very good buffet but I think the Wynn buffet is better. They each have the same food but the Wynn's seemed fresher to me. This placed was packed and it was hard to walk around during peak time. They refilled the crab legs promptly and their sashimi selection wasn't all that bad. The kobe steak and prime rib were dry and I don't think the desserts were great. After all the hype about this place I was expecting a bit more.笑
Hot damn this place is good!  I think the hubbie would give 7 stars if he could.  He must have eaten $100 worth of crab legs alone... Not to mention rack of lamb, ostrich, prime rib, quail, Kobe beef, swordfish.....

Definitely a stand by buffet, and will be back... unless we try out all the other Vegas buffets first!笑
I echo Anthony's comments and think Bellagio has lost the food quality war to the Wynn Buffet and the new upstart Bacchanal.  Had dinner there 3 weeks ago and the food & service were no longer the same... for instance, the prime rib carver was rude and impatient, and gave me the 'whatevah' look when I requested "medium well".  But most disappointingly, all the crab legs (snow and Alaskan King) were VERY SALTY.  Even the desserts, although looking good, were subpar (unless you like warm cheesecake).

The prime rib was the least bad... 3 stars.  

Next time I'll bring my wallet & stomach to the Bacchanal.笑
Went here for Saturday brunch. Had high expectations after reading reviews, but I was not impressed. Didn't have a lot to pick from, and there wasn't enough room. I think the Mirage buffet is way better than Bellagio's.笑
This is what a buffet it! This place is really good and has a huge selection of different items, that made the experience here really worthwhile. It is more expensive than most buffets present in Vegas/Casino area, but in my opinion, it's worth the money, and a lot of buffets for the same price don't pull through and leaves you feeling like you just wasted your money. This place doesn't that's for sure! I think this may be one of the better buffets to dine at, if you are looking for a buffet setting. It's also kids friendly.

Service was attentive and helpful. They cleared empty/dirty plates pretty fast, and always made sure our table was enjoying our experience. Staff was also cheerful and friendly during our visit.

Nothing to complain about, really. It was definitely a nice dining experience during our time here.笑
Maybe the biggest mistake that I made when I decided to go to The Buffet at Bellagio is to give it such a high expectation that it doesn't deserve. At the end, it failed my expectation in every single way that left me the taste of unsavoriness after I left this restaurant.
The Buffet begins with a ridiculously long waiting line, which until now, I don't understand the hype behind it. Lucky for us, we didn't have to wait long since "the customers left quickly after they came", according to the cashier. But sadly, my joke "hopefully it's not because of the food" actually became true!!
Before you can pick up a plate and get whatever you want to gorge, you were seated in a place that instantly reminds you that maybe a "restaurant" like Denny's offers you better place, somehow it looks amazingly familiar to any Chinese buffet that you happen to visit in your life: Full of people, loud, messy, horrible decor.. Not exactly quite an enjoyable feeling to start your dishes.
Now, let's talk about the main "spotlight": the food, the reason that immediately disappointed me after I finish my first plate. My impression with The buffet at Bellagio is that half of the Buffet is Chinese food (which I recommend you should go to PF. Chang for better quality) and the rest of the buffet is a combination of a hell lot of things that left you no remark in your mind no matter how hard you try to remember. Oh my mistake, the Kobe Beef is okay but the rest is..."Cliché". The lamb is not that special, it's dry and has nothing to remember about the taste. The turkey, the Alaska crab and King Crab made you regret that you got too much on your plate of it and the amount of time you have to line up for that (take note: the line is bizarrely long). Even you asked the chef to heat up the seafood for you, it's still cold and you curse your life that now you have to eat those. The seafood definitely doesn't meet up your expectation. I would give the seafood 2* out of 5.
Next, you move quickly to the main reason what got you here tonight: The Caviar. You have to stay in a line, but fortunately, it's not too long since maybe people are not aware of the fact that Bellagio also offers Caviar, maybe it's too small to notice. The Chef will handle you 3 small pieces of some bread that have caviar on top of that. The truth is those bread are the murderers of the taste of the caviar which are supposed to deliver. Normally, they go with cracker or at least some crispy bread, but this one is soft and kinda sweet. They viciously deconstructed and ruined the whole flavor of the caviar which made you question yourself: Did you just have caviar since you don't even feel a thing???? Next round, I decided to leave the bread out and had the caviar by itself, it's better but I really don't want to go all the way there and get 3 tiny bites of caviar again since they don't give you more than that each round. I wish I wouldn't pay $50 (included tip and tax) for this Gourmet meal, you have way better selection out there, folks, way better!!
And another sad news for sushi and sashimi lovers, Bellagio has a poor selection of sushi and really boring sashimi. Their sushi and sashimi made you think that any sushi restaurants that you've been to could gives a better offer than this one.
Not only the lame sushi section, their dessert is not remarkable either. I don't remember much except the feeling, even the Wicked Spoon buffet, aka an extended version of Panda Express gives you more satisfactory than the dessert at the Bellagio. Gosh, the whole meal is like an endless torturing and regretful feeling that you want to get out as soon as possible after you tried to gorge to make up for $50 you paid for that.
And did I mention about the attitude of the chefs working there? Oh gosh, it's not nice, in my personal experience. They made you feel like you still are in high school cafeteria begging the lunch lady to give you better food. 
I tried to hard to find one reason to come back to The Buffet at Bellagio but couldn't come up with any... Oh well, now at least I can say "The gourmet buffet at the Bellagio??? Urghh, I pass!!" with confidence.笑
Assume assortments of brunch food and great quality. The wait staff is friendly and always attentive to your needs. The price is cheap ( $25 ) for the quality of food you get. I had the best brunch ever! Prime rib, Belgium waffles bacon & eggs and mash potatoes & corn! YUMMMMM.  The seating areas were nice and clean, and the wait was too bad. I heard though it can be a nightmare so get there early! Best buffet/bunch buffet t I've been too!!! ** Based on Brunch Only** Havent had lunch or dinner here.笑
$40 for all you can eat high end buffet. This place was the most moderately priced restaurant I could find that wasn't cheesy cafe. And, as it turned out, it was the best meal I had all weekend.

All you can eat crab legs. Prime rib perfectly cooked. Sushi, ahi poke, spicy tuna hand roll. Spaetzle. Salads, fruit, veggies. Braised lamb, Asian pork ribs. Bananas foster. Mini cakes. Cookies. Stuff yourself until the food spills out your ears.

This place sums up my Las Vegas experience... excess in excess! I'm a green-lovin', tree-huggin', recyclin' fool and there is not one thing in Vegas that has seen post-consumer anything! Green is the closest thing I have to a religion so being in the super-sized land of disposable felt a little like blasphemy.

That being said, I tried to take only what I was planning to eat or pawed it off on my friends. Even though I don't agree with the buffet concept, the food was really good and at a decent price.笑
This buffet is pricey ($38 for dinner) but it is so worth it! There are so many different stations and types of food:
-Carving (ham, turkey, free range chicken, roast beef)
-Seafood (crab legs, assorted fish)
-Salad
-Meats and Cheeses
-Soups
-Desserts (Cookies, cakes, sugar free, gluten free, frozen custard)
-Asian (Flank steak, stir fry, rice)
-Italian (Pastas)
-American (roasted potatoes, vegetables)

The line into the restaurant was pretty long. We waited about 15 minutes to pay and be seated. The wait staff was foreign and didn't really converse or understand too much but they were attentive. 

If you are visiting from another hotel or staying in The Bellagio this is a great eatery if you don't mind spending the dough.笑
I love the Bellgaio Buffet!!!!

We came here on a weekday for dinner so the price was somewhat cheaper compare to the weekend, but the food was absolutely amazing considering its selection. Some of the food items that were served included 1) Snow Crab legs 2) Alaskan King Crab Legs 3) Shrimp Cocktail 4) Mussels 5) California Sushi Roll 6) Salmon and Tuna Nigiri 7) Macaroon 8) Watermelon 9) Ice Cream 10) Variations of Cheese and a lot more. Great service as well.

I would recommend coming early considering the line was quite long when we left around 7:00pm.

Pricing for the Buffet (from the website):

Lunch $19.99
Monday - Friday 11:00am - 4:00pm

Dinner $29.99
Sunday - Thursday 4:00pm - 10:00pm

Gourmet Dinner $36.99
Friday - Saturday 4:00pm - 10:00pm

Weekend Brunch $24.99笑
The food is pretty good here, but the buffet is overpriced. However, the price is expected since this is Vegas. What really bothered me is the horrid service.

The waitress sat my party down and asked us what drinks we wanted. I asked for a soy milk and she rolled her eyes. I let that slide since it didn't really bother me. However, she then said with an annoyed tone "are you serious?" This really annoyed me cause I felt like she was judging me. She brought the drinks while I was getting food and told my friend that somebody had to go out of their way to get the soy milk. It doesn't matter if they have to go out of their way to get it because they are PAID to do their job and I also PAID for my meal.

Throughout the meal we also never got any refills unless we asked for it and at some point, nobody even cleaned up our plates. It really felt like we did not have a waitress at all.

This has got to be the worst experience I have ever had at any buffet. The food may have been good, but the service was just that much worse.笑
This is the first buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas, so it will always hold a little special buffet spot in my heart. I remember waiting in line for ever, I think it was actually around an hour...and that to me was insane. Once we got in it was pretty much worth the wait or a try at least once. I remember the crab legs being good but on the salty side. Their hot items were plentiful and had alot to choose from. It was so long ago I don't remember too much of what was there and all I ate. The most important thing was I know I enjoyed myself and thought it was worth the 1hr+ wait. It's a keeper.笑
OK, yes, you can't get a $30 dinner at many of the restaurants in Vegas. But, this isn't exactly a foodie destination.  Yes, I should I have know this...it is a buffet.  But, it is Vegas and the reviews were so good.  The husband really, really wanted to try a Vegas buffet, so I said OK as long as we went to one like Bellagio or Wynn. It really is just a buffet.  Yes, there are crab legs. And, my guess is that is where all of the money goes.  You will see people with giant crab leg piles walking past you. Everything was pretty mediocre. Mediocre sushi, mediocre prepared salads, beautiful desserts that taste mediocre. There is a lot of meat, but it is pretty mediocre and kind of lacking in flavor. The pretzel bread, olive bread, pesto mashed potatoes, sorbet, and mac n cheese were really good.  For me, the highlight of the meal.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is so good! It's definitely on the pricier side for $37 per person for dinner, but it turns out to be a great value considering their vast selection of food and great service.

True, this place isn't as fancy as Wicked Spoon, but I'd say the food at the Bellagio is superior. There were so many different things to choose from, and almost everything I tried was tasty rather than just a few things. Some of the things I enjoyed included the prime rib, all of the pasta dishes, the super yummy mashed potatoes, the even yummier pesto mashed potatoes, and the creme brûlée. Unfortunately, the mac and cheese didn't stand out to me, but considering the wealth of amazing food they have, I don't think that merits any form of deduction in rating.

The line is ridiculously long, so don't come hungry! I'd suggest coming 1-2 hours before you think your stomach will start growling. It's worth it!笑
Thanks to my uncle who is a Vegas VIP of sorts, he treated us to dinner at the $50 holiday buffet. His status allowed us to bypass to the front of the line. Entering close to 10PM, we were told in line that dinner service would 10:20PM, however we word be able to stay until 11PM. The food was decent, much better then the Paris buffet that we tried in a past year. I enjoyed the wide variety of foods that they offered. The crab legs seemed popular but I chose not to try it. I did not care for their Kobe beef (most certainly false advertising) as it was tough and chewy. I would also pass on the ham which was dry and salty. However, the assortment of Asian inspired and Italian pasta dishes were savory, with the right amount of oily and creaminess respectively. I also enjoyed their peppermint cheesecake for dessert but was sad they already turned off their ice cream maker at that time. All in all, I was able to enjoy two of the three plates I had and that is enough to give this buffet a thumbs up.笑
I've tried most of the buffets in Vegas thanks to a diamond club member friend, but unfortunately, Bellagio's on the MGM side of Vegas empire, so I haven't had a chance yet. So I was determined to try it this time. 

I went for lunch which costed about $25/person. At first I was slightly disappointed because the buffet looked smaller compared to Wynn's. But as I made a round around the buffet, Bellagi's proved to have twice as much selection of food compared to Wynn's. Where as Wynn's buffet looks big, the food are repeated. Bellagio's don't have stations where the food is repeated. 

I'd rate Bellagio's and Rio's to be on the same level, which is at the very top of all buffets in Las Vegas. 

If you're planning for that one night of just stuffing your mouth, go to Rio's or Bellagio's buffet, you won't be disappointed.笑
Went back for the gourmet weekend dinner. Friggin amazing. Seriously. 

A sampling of the incredible food:
crab legs - served cold cut in half so we didn't have to crack them (that alone made me boost this to five stars)
ostrich (so good)
elk ribeye
yummy strange pretzel rolls
steak tartare
various sashimi
lots of really yummy grilled veggies with perfect seasoning
many kinds of lamb
hand rolls
bread pudding 
mushroom & truffle ravioli
lobster ravioli

I didn't like was the beef wellington, and the tuna tartare was a little bland. Cheesecake was disappointing.笑
Craving for Alaskan King Crab and Bellagio buffet did not disappoint!! Wayne, our waiter was exceptional and took care of our needs before we even knew we needed it!! Thank you Wayne and Bellagio Buffet!!!笑
The only bad thing I would say about the buffet here is the price is steep but well worth it. Food selection is amazing and is fresh. Also desserts are bomb.笑
Breakfast buffet was ok, nothing spectacular.  Line was not long at 1030 am on Friday, about 10-15min.笑
Fortunately, we missed the Easter brunch crowd by arriving early otherwise an hour wait at least.

The $5.00 extra for champagne is good value and recommended vs. buying drinks individually.

A nice selection of fresh fruit and I enjoyed the creamed herring, smoked salmon, shrimp and crab legs. Other offerings were fairly routine for an Easter Brunch but no complaints and service was attentive.笑
Yeah, they aren't that good anymore. Also, no creme brulee....BOO!笑
This is by far the best buffet in Vegas. First off, I love the Hotel and walking thru the hallways is just nice. The set up of the Buffett and the waiters and of course the food - outstanding. I loved the mashed potatoes, oatmeal, eggs benedict and the price is ok. Way better than the buffet at the Wynn!!!笑
Pretty damn good buffet. I've done the breakfast/lunch one. If only there were an easier way to say that...hmm... Anyway, the food is good, if nearly completely meat based. They tend to have fairly exotic meats, such as wild boar or heritage turkeys. Definitely a plus. The only problem for me is that their salads were uniformly piss poor. Especially their Asian-style salads; wow, downright inedible. Other than that though one of the best buffets in Vegas; definitely a battle between Paris and Bellagio.笑
Can't really go wrong with their buffet here.  The selection is huge and the service is excellent.  I would like to point out that our server always kept our drinks from being empty and when it came to taking your plates and getting you napkins or wet clothes, they did an amazing job.  

Lots of people complain about the line up, this is the same case for most buffets since most guests or tourists go for the buffets.  As a matter of fact, if you are one of their MLIFE member and move up a tier (which is pretty much booking a few nights) you get to go through the VIP line up and skip the line... It came in handy for me as I just arrived to the room and was extremely hungry.  I just went though my VIP line and straight in.  I felt a bit douchey but hey, that's how their rewards program work and I'm just making use of it.笑
re:  BreakFast buffet

My wife and I have made it a tradition over the past 7 years to eat at this Buffet each time we go to Vegas.  The name and decor is timeless in my opinion.  Even as old as the Bellagio is, this place is classic and has maintained an unbelievable level of upkeep.  We enjoy the robust selection of items available each time we go to this Buffet.  They really do a great job and we've NEVER EVER had problems.  This buffet is definitely one of the more expensive buffets on the strip and I believe it's still great value for what they provide.  

Usually, we do not eat Breakfast Buffets as we are always sleeping in.  However, this time, we ate the Breakfast Buffet due to a long drive back home.  I can honestly say, this breakfast buffet truly exonerated what it means that Breakfast is the best meal of the day.  If you're up early enough for breakfast and want a buffet, the Bellagio is a must.

My one negative is that they only have one bathroom stall.  I had to wait over 10 minutes, because some jackazz was smoking in there.  I did not realize that until I went to use the bathroom, because otherwise I would have told someone.  They really only have the bathrooms there for convenience, because they want to control who leaves and exits the dining area.  They really need to install another stall or maybe a separate restroom.笑
I don't do buffets.  I don't like them, if I'm going to go to one I can be very picky and whiny.  Before this, there was one buffet I liked and one only... but now, I would happily go back to The Buffet.  It was good, it was sooooo good.  It wasn't as overwhelming as I thought it might be and the food was really really good!   Some amazing Asian noodle dishes, pasta dishes, seafood.  There was sushi, but I don't do buffet sushi... it didn't look lovely enough for me to try.  Several different meat stations were available as well.    The desserts were incredible.  Wow.  Banana's foster, bread pudding, you name it, they had it!   Beautiful breads and vegetable sides.

It took about 30min in line but it was worth the wait and we needed to be at Bellagio for "O" so it worked out awesomely!   The one shocking thing we learned from the family in front of us, kids older then 3-years-old are charged full price!  So I'm not sure I'd bring picky kids to The Buffet unless they'll eat almost $30 worth of pizza and sweets ;)笑
Dining here has been a staple every time the family vacationed in Vegas.  The wait line as always has been a drag.  Personally for me, I think their food selection was not as wide and varied.  But they made up for it via their dessert selection.  Their Creme Brulee was my favorite.  The chef who made this got it right.  I'm not a huge fan of the king crab leg but it's edible dipped in seafood cocktail sauce.  The food can be mediocre to good.  Nothing really stands out for me but it's good dining with the family.笑
Great selection of food items at a fairly expensive price. But hey, you're at the Bellagio.笑
Prepare to wait in line on the weekends!!!

We came here for Sunday brunch.  Maybe it was our fault for waking up late after the clubs,  but we started waiting in line shortly after noon.  We weren't seated until almost 1:30 PM.   It wraps a few times, so we took turns waiting in line while the others went and gambled.  Needless to say, we wasted no time getting food. 

The price is reasonable at $25.  

The food is good,  but not like OMG.  There is a massive amount of selection ranging from sushi rolls, pizza, prime rib, lamb, fish, breakfast items, asian,  and lots more goodies.   The dessert selection was good.  I ate chocolate covered strawberries and flan.  Both were outstanding.  

It is alot of food.  I would say the Wynn buffet is better though.笑
The only reason I'm giving this buffet a "1 star" is because it doesn't allow you to just "leave blank"...which is how I would describe our experience. Let me start by saying that this place is over rated. We thought by the atmosphere & reviews that we would give it a try for the first time. So we went on 3/19/16.

Well to our surprise (after waiting in line 30 min) the price was increased by 30%. Why?...according to cashier St Patrick's Day. Not trying to be biased but give me a "major" holiday & I'm willing to pay the extra fees for my Autistic 5 year old son...who doesn't eat but a few choice foods. To be more specific he literally ate 2 small square pieces of pizza & small bowl (more like dipping cup) of mac & cheese. We didn't decline to go elsewhere for the fact our children were hungry & after waiting in line patiently...deserved to sit & eat.

Most ppl would probably question why we even took our two children there in the first place...Well again for the experience. But to pay almost $50 a person (ages 3+) is just plain taking advantage. Yes! That's what we paid for each x 4. Then when we asked the manager why they charge so much for children. His response was "we can't put an age on it as some children of similar ages consume a lot of food". Then my husband asked "if you can't put an age on it, why is over the age of 3 charged at adult rate?". Your still putting an age limit in it! 

The manager couldn't answer, just to say that's the way it is. I will also say of the many places we stayed the ones who treated us with more "respect" and "courtesy" were less than "4 star" rating...go figure. As I mentioned before we had high expectations and were very disappointed by the way we were treated. We will not be back & hope others who do continue to go don't have children...or disabled children for that matter receive this type of treatment. Because I don't want to bore anyone I won't go into the menu...only to say mine & my daughter's plate was full of blood from the (oh so rare) meats...which we could not eat.笑
I thought the buffet was ok, nothing spectacular.  For the cost, I expected a bigger selection.

They only had 4 pasta dishes which all tasted the same, bland and overcooked.

The meat station had only 3 different carving stations which were a little dry and unseasoned.

I am not a seafood eater but that station seemed to have a nice selection and the the lines were long which told me it must have been pretty good.

The sushi and dessert stations were the best and had the most variety.

It was worth trying it out but I doubt I would return.笑
The service here stands out. The food is also VERY good but the service is what made our experience memorable. Sit at the bar and get the all-you-can-drink.笑
30 bucks for dinner on a Monday evening. Tons of food, over the top! They have a little bit of everything. My highlights were: the meat carving area, (mmm prime rib was delicious!) the pre mixed salads were tasty and fresh, (citrusy chicken orange and nut salad!) lots of dessert selection (i had creme brule and yuumy meringue) 
and you MUST try the pesto mashed potatoes. I think that was one of my favorite things there!!
Lowlights: the sushi had kind of a dry flilm on top like it had been sitting out way too long and not much selection. Also I would like them to offer crab legs in more than one spot, there was a 5-7 person line at all times for the 1 single tray of crab legs.笑
I always used La Village at Paris when I'm in Vegas. But after few peoples' recommendations I decided I have to try Bellagio's. It was total disappointment. 
Don't get me wrong. Food was not bad. It was fine. Same baked potato I can bake at home, same over-baked salmon I can over-bake at home. Some deserts were really nice. But here is my problem. We have it all in local LA buffets (like Hokaido) for half price on daily basis (including seafood). At Paris you at least have the nice settings of sort of French village. While Belagio buffet is just a huge eatery. 
So again food is OK
Overall food/price/place - never again笑
My friend and I came in on a Friday around 4pm. There was no line which was super nice not having to wait. 

The dining area and the buffet stations were well cleaned all throughout. So that's a plus. 

Our serve Wayne was so sweet, nice and quiet funny! He was on top of his game on refilling our drinks and clearing out our dirty/empty plates. Which is something I look for at buffet services. He's definitely an awesome server. Request him if you can!

As for the food, they have a sushi area with a variety of rolls and nigiri it's delicious! You can also make your own hand roll! Just ask the person behind the sushi station. They also offer caviar! FAANNCYYY! Lol first time trying it, it's definitely a texture to get use too. 

They offer prime rib which is juicy and warm pink which you can never go wrong in having! For the seafood loves they have crab legs. UHH YUMMMM! Crab legs were easy to break off and the meat was soft, juicy, and meaty (depending the leg size). 

Their dessert section is pretty bigg! They have all kinds of cake slices, variety of macaroons, cookies, fruit tart, donuts, ice cream, anddddd it goes on and on. Haha 

But other than that I definitely enjoyed my dining experience here. I walked out super stuffed and satisfied.  will be back!笑
Top notch Buffet. Crew are the stand outs. Writing this review as i am still here. Vangie, a station attendant was the most gracious host! Came in for breakfast during the week. Food was delicious!笑
Over priced for okay food. All for the hype. If you want to experience it, then it's not a bad choice, but I'd rather go somewhere else.笑
I've been to the Buffet at Bellagio two times. The first time I was there I remembered the food being good and there being plenty of variety. The second time I was there, the food wasn't bad per say, but none of the food was really memoriable. I'm going to try the Buffet at Wynn next time for dinner to compare. I have, however, try the Sunday Brunch at Wynn last time I visited Vegas, and I think one of the things that I liked about Wynn over Bellagio was the atmosphere. The buffet area is spacious and bright and sometimes that makes all the difference.笑
I had higher aspirations for the buffet at Bellagio.  I could handle the price but was expecting a little more WOW factor to the offerings, especially on the dessert side.  What I ate was "good" but I was hoping for something a little more indulgent and impressive.笑
This buffet still and is one of the top buffets in Las Vegas from the top notch service, upscale design and food options. This shows how much a buffet of this caliber still is one of the Top 5 buffets in Vegas. 

-IMHO-

My top 5 buffets are:

Bellagio - The Buffet
Wynn - The Buffet
Mirage - Cravings
Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet
Mandalay Bay - Bayside Buffet

The buffet line can get really long but mostly on weekends and the time of day but if your an Mlife Gold member, you have your own line and no wait! Just some perks of being an Mlife card holder. ;)

The buffet is expensive especially in a hotel like Bellagio but one thing I heard was to come an hour early to pay for the breakfast price or punch price before they start switching the plates and you save around $12 - $20 USD. Not bad Ehhh....

The selection is superb which only a buffet like Bellagio would have with a meat station that has Kobe beef, juicy and tender prime rib, suculent baby pigs, chicken and Roast beef.

The seafood section which is my favorite part if the buffet, second would be dessert, has the huge large size shrimp in ice with the cocktail sauce on the side and the king crab legs which are already cut in half so you don't have to break the legs and dig the meet out but they have clampers available. 

The desert section is just a half circle in the buffet and includes different kinds of cookies, cakes, pastries and last but not least GELATO!! =P 

What also seperates this buffet with the other strip buffets is that it has a restroom located inside the buffet so you don't have to walk outside through the casino and be tempted to gamble. Most buffets were designed for to walk out when using the restroom and gamble but this to me was a +++.  Did I mention the customer aervicewas excellent, one incident proved how my waitress went above and beyond for their buffet guests. I was planning on going back to get a new plate and decided to leave my cell phone on the table and when I came back to my table it disappeared and I thought someone had stolen it. Then my waitress came back and told me she thought I had left the buffet and wanted to keep it in safe hands incase it went amiss and I was so impressed with what she had done especially watching out for the customer. I couldn't remember her name but I do remember what she looked like and I'll never forget how honest and caring she was unlike other waitresses in buffets who were just having a bad day. Psssh!

I shall return to this buffet eveytime I visit Vegas.

=()笑
Believe it or not it's getting worse year by year. The endless line is still there and you should spend from 15 to 30 min. It's good to have you gadget or laptop with you. If at the beginning you asked yourself: "do I really hungry?" so, at the cash register you haven't questions about it. Your appetite is boosted enough to bite the cashier. You're almost there, you can smell tasty food, you can observe the feast, BUT you should wait a little bit more, 5 to 10 min to be escorted to your table.
In compare to the other buffets in Vegas, the food is still good enough, but not great as the price. The choice and variety is getting worse year by year, but it's usual thing. Good thing, one of the unique mashed potatoes is still there (unfortunately I can't eat that any more, thanks to my diet). Who cares, the brand is already there and the line isn't getting shorter.
Bottom line: if waiting time and the price aren't critical for you, go there.笑
I remember eating at this buffet when The Bellagio was still relatively new and remember loving it.  However, this time I was a little disappointed.  The food is decent but not as spectacular as I remember it.  For you meat lovers, you will definitely love all the meat stations: pork loin, prime rib, rotisserie chicken, kobe sirloin.  For the seafood lovers shrimp and crab legs galore.  They have a a variety of foods from around the world but it was all okay.  My favorite parts of the meal were probably the mushroom ravioli and the creme brulee for dessert.  Other than that I wasn't too impressed with my recent visit to this buffet.笑
I just came here for lunch yesterday and it did not disappoint. Their pasta, seafood, and desserts are really good and I got full off of those alone. They do have sushi hand rolls and california rolls but they aren't anything special. I was sold once I had the parisian macaroons for dessert....yummm! The only thing I didn't really like was the kobe beef. It was as rare as it gets which is just not my style. it was so rare that I had to basically saw it to cut it but even then it was too rare to enjoy. I didn't try the other beef cuts but my boyfriend kept going back for seconds so it must've been good. Definitely worth the $20 something dollars per person!笑
I am clearly in the minority, but my boyfriend and I were just not impressed with this buffet at all.   We did the old "come for breakfast, stay for lunch trick", so we only paid a fairly reasonable $16 (the weekday breakfast price), but even at this price we were quite disappointed.

BREAKFAST
The breakfast buffet was pretty standard breakfast food, nothing really unique.   There was a make-your-own-omelet station that we didn't try and the usual breakfast offerings of eggs, bacon, sausage, several kinds of potatoes, french toast, pancakes, waffles.   The pastry selection was miserable, and had just some extremely mediocre croissants and some passable but not outstanding muffins.    The french toast was probably the best thing I had, as it had some nice apple flling, but everything else was on the poor side of average, and there was just nothing unique or enticing at all.     They did start putting up some lunch stuff at 10:30 or so, even though it didn't officially start until 11, and some breakfast stuff even started disappearing around then, so if having breakfast is important to you, get there before 10 am.

LUNCH
We didn't stay until noon, when apparently the sushi comes out, but we weren't really in the mood for that anyone.   The lunch entrees were very limited in number, and I think I tried just about all of them.  There was some disgusting, oily pizza, some Chinese food that my boyfriend had, several fish entrees with the grossest, fishiest tasting fish I've had in a long time (clearly frozen), chicken coq au vin that I didn't try because it was made with pork (and props to them for making that clear), and a carving station with turkey, chicken, and lamb.  The turkey I had from there was extremely dry and tough.   There was also a nice-looking salad bar, with a make your own option, as well as a number of pre-made salads to choose from.  

DESSERT
The dessert selection was absolutely, hands-down the most disappointing part of the buffet.  The selection was so limited (chocolate brownies, a couple different kinds of cake, cheesecake, some fruit tarts, and tiramisu), but more than that the desserts were just GROSS - the kind you would find on a college cafeteria line, not an elegant buffet.   Everything was stale, congealed, and just plain unappetizing.   The best thing I had was probably a chocolate eclair that was filled with runny chocolate sauce.  It wasn't good, just edible to me because I love chocolate so much that anything with that much chocolate is edible.
Furthermore, the one dessert I was really looking forward to trying (chocolate covered strawberries) disappeared before I could get one.   They started putting desserts out around 10:30.  I saw a girl with a chocolate strawberry at 10:45, and immediately got up to grab one.  I saw the empty plate where they had been on, so I figured they would be replaced soon.   Nope.  I wanted for awhile and then finally gave up.  THen my boyfriend waited awhile, and then finally I asked the chef putting out the desserts and she said "No more strawberries."  WHAT?  For the day?   How can put out one plate of something and then no more of them, at a buffet.  Ridiculous.  All I wanted was one damn strawberry!!!! 

This buffet is comparable, or even worse than, buffets I've been to at the MGM and the Flamingo.   Hell, the desserts were tastier at the buffet at the Excalibur.   Not coming back.笑
We came for Sunday brunch and the price was very fair, about $37. The wait wasn't too bad, only around 45 minutes.

I know you're not suppose to fill up on carbs at buffets, but man, the pizza was so good I could not resist. They has a seafood pizza with shrimp and it was for reals so heavenly *drool*. Also, the crab was great, the duck was yummy and honestly, I didn't have anything that I didn't like.


I really want to come back here for dinner sometime! So far it's been my fave buffet in Vegas. I'd choose this place over Wicked Spoon for sure.笑
After hearing so many great things about this buffet, I finally tried it. Mainly because I was craving crab legs and shrimp.

What a disappointment. The shrimp had a slime and there were no steamed crab legs, only chilled, and those were dry and somewhat rubbery.

The entrees were less than desirable with few choices.

Dry vegetables, dry pasta, barely warm rice and well done prime rib - no choice of how it is done.

The layout of the buffet made it a little crowded; the stations were close together and made the aisle narrow. 

You may want to consider other buffets.笑
Come on Friday or Saturday for dinner because those are the only nights that they serve their amazing beef wellington.

Also, their tea selection is good quality and comes with a cute mini honey container.  If you enjoy drinking tea, you might want to consider ordering some since it is included with the meal.笑
BIG 4 BUFFETS ON THE STRIP

I came here yesterday for dinner. This buffet is considered one of the Big 4 Buffets on the Strip: Bacchanal, Wynn, Wicked Spoon, and Bellagio. Including Bellagio I went to three of them. Last night was the first time I went to the buffet at Bellagio. I learned from my previous buffet there's a strategy when you eat at buffets. You need to approach them as if you're eating at a tapas eatery - get three items on a plate. I ended up having 8 plates. Instead of naming every item I ate I will mention the highlights. The chorizo sausage and pork and chicken sausage were tasty. The smoked salmon, ceviche, and calamari salad were fresh and clean. The prime rib was cooked rare to my liking. The baby back ribs had a sweet glaze taste. The chocolate and vanilla éclairs were light and sweet. The rice pudding was also a nice filling for desert. There were three things I didn't like. Even though the pepperoni pizza came out of the oven the crust was chewy not crunchy. I found the snow crab legs to taste a little salty. I wish they served the bones of the prime rib. They're the tastiest part of the prime ribs. Overall The Buffet at Bellagio is a decent buffet. In terms of the Big 4 Buffets at the Strip (I haven't been to the Wynn yet) I would rank in order Bacchanal Buffet, Bellagio, and Wicked Spoon (at this buffet I went at the worst time on Saturday brunch and may go back at a better time).笑
This place is crowded with a long wait to get seated.  This would be ok if the food was worthwhile.  It isn't.  The food is bland and generally poorly prepared.  The number of choices isn't that great and worst of all everything I had was lukewarm at best.  The only reason I gave 2 stars is because we had an attentive server.  

Here's a couple of examples.  The crab legs are served cold unless you carry them yourself to the fish bar to have them steamed.  Guaranteed to make them watery and tasteless!  I think the drawn butter is the stuff you put on movie theater popcorn.  There was some sausage that was cooked to a nice medium rare.  Sorry, I didn't find out how that tasted.  I like Israeli style couscous (the big kind).  It really should be cooked so it isn't like a Grape Nut though.  

They do have some good bread and the $10 Stella Artois was tasty.

Go here only if you want to pay $35+ a head for basically Golden Corral level food.  I'm honestly flabbergasted with the people who gave it good reviews.笑
On our ways to Brian Head Utah our group decided to stop by Vegas for dinner and everyone had a chance to vote on somewhere to eat and everyone in the car wanted a buffet dinner but me. Anyway I was out voted so I just decided to just give it. They decided to go to Bellagio for their buffet dinner and I can't remember how much it cost but I am thinking somewhere between $40 or so. Anyway we want inside and there were alot of choices from different station. There were alot of good food there but personally I can't focus myself to enjoy buffet but the only one that i truely enjoy has to be Sterling at Balley for brunch.笑
Not worth the price... It's not what it use to be.  The ambiance, food quality is declining. Was a customer since it opened 16 years ago. 

It's beginning to feel like the low end buffets in Vegas.笑
Such a long line to get in, and I can see why. Great selection and yummy food.. the pastries are to die for and it's just a nice place in general. Worth the wait but definitely one of the more pricier buffets. Maybe it was due to the fact that it was the day before new year, but I still enjoyed it.笑
One of the best buffets on the strip--best value buffet for sure

For $35 you can have all of the kobe beef, prime rib, roasted turkey, lamb shank, beef wellington, snow crab legs, and king crab legs your heart desires. You simply have to wait in a 2.5 hour line...

Besides the wait, I can't think of any negative to this buffet. The food is great and the selection is even greater! I first came to The Buffet in the summer of 2009 and it took the title of my favorite buffet. I've been here 6 times since then, and I can say that the quality is just the same as the first time I tried their delicious prime rib. (I'm not a fan of their Kobe Beef, though).

And let's not forget the creme brûlée, never forget the creme brûlée. One of the best i've ever tried. Most of their desserts are worth sampling, just don't get greedy because it's a yelp sin to waste food.

Tip: Snow and King crab legs come on ice, but can be steamed if you ask one of the people behind the counters.

As of today, I'd rank my favorite Vegas buffets as:

1. Bacchanal at Ceasar's Palace (I heard this place went downhill recently. I can't attest to that as I haven't been there in a while, but it was great when it first opened)
2. The Buffet at Belagio
3. The Buffet at Wynn

I haven't tried Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan yet, but I hear it's up there.笑
We came here for lunch. At $19.90 a head it felt like very, very good value - especially in Vegas.

The food was pretty good. Not outstanding cuisine, but, again, far better than anything else you'd get for the price in a restaurant. A three-course meal for under $20 is a bargain.

They have a really good range of choice - curry, roast, salad, sushi, pizza, plus a bit dessert selection. 

You have to queue and then serve yourself - but that's what I expect from a buffet. 

If you're sick of paying $10 for a bad sandwich, this is the place to come for lunch on the strip.笑
a lot of food... a lot of good food to be precise...

i would personally stay away from the meat... most of them are pretty average... however... the appetizers, sushis and desserts were fabulous.

the smoke salmon, spicy salmon and spicy tuna trumps it all.

expect to be in line for a little while... one of the most popular place for dining in the hotel... since its the most affordable... use your players card to get a complimentary dinner if you are able to笑
We went to The Buffet on a week night at 7PM.  At 8PM we were still waiting in line!  it took around an hour to get our seats.

Once in the dining area, it was a really chaotic sight.  People rushing all around like it was their last meal.  It didn't feel as welcoming as it could have been.  However, it did appear pretty clean, as far as the floor and dining booths, seats and tables.

The food itself was another story.  It really looked picked through.  I don't think the staff did enough turning over the dishes, so they look fresh and maintained.  Serving utensils were left in and on the food at some stations.  I just felt the cleanliness level was not what you would expect for the Bellagio.

The food was just OK.  I wanted to really enjoy this buffet because everyone raves about it.  But I was not impressed by the flavors, selection and taste.  Nothing stood out.  The kobe steak was tough and the prime rib was not flavorful.  Salads, soups, sides were typical.

LIKES: mash potatoes were pretty good, desserts were nice and were the cleanest part of the buffet, mini mac and cheese was not bad

DISLIKES: the long wait, the flavors and taste of the food, the price.

Unless you are completely hungry and not to worried about cleanliness and taste, then this is ok.  Otherwise, try a good sit down restaurant and order the best prime rib or steak.  It will be better to have a waiter and staff as well.

We won't be returning.笑
Im disappointed on this buffet, nothing special If your a tourist and looking for an amazing buffet go to M buffet please.笑
awesome buffet! lot of variety! loved their prime rib!!!!!!!!!!! SOO good! was a little disappointed with their dessert section though. sad face.

salad bar was quite withered.. didn't taste too fresh.

other than that, delicious!笑
Way overpriced for the selection of food you get, not worth waiting in line for.  The night we were there there was a limited amount of dessert choices.  The the stuff that wasn't cooked , tuna poke,  tuna sushi,  and the ceviche  were excellent,  but the cooked entrees were average at best.  We found that there are a bunch of inexpensive restuarants that serve awesome food when you get away from the Strip. So my advice is to save your money, and go to some place like Da Lat were you can get a lot of awesome food for a reasonable price.笑
Not worth the money or the wait in line. I went to the buffet for Brunch on a Saturday... The food was just "ok". It was edible, but nothing to go run home and tell your mother about it. The waffles were too hard and dry. The meats were extra fatty and very rare. The eggs were super runny. The breakfast sausage was good, but that's pretty hard to screw up. The pizza was ok too. The muscles were dry. The king crab legs were ok for buffet standards. The pork belly was juicy & delicious, They did not have too many options for desserts, just your standards, I tried almost one of everything but was only happy with the keylime tart. 

Overall I think the Belliago Buffet is more on the old school vegas vibe. With standard options. The newer hotel buffets on the strip (i.e. Cosmopolitan, Aira, etc) seems to give not only the standards but different variations of them as well as providing other unique options for the same price as this buffet.笑
I hope you've trained long and hard for this young chocolate covered grasshopper! Break out the gartered pants, large bib, and Maalox before you head on over to this desert jewel because you will need it if you're going to make out of this buffet alive :)

Who could ask for anything more besides a bed to take a nap in after indulging yourself in all of the fantastic eats that the Buffet at Bellagio has to offer each person young and old? Yes, they have the crab legs. Yes, they have the melted butter that goes with it too! Yes, they have creme brulee! And if it's out on the floor, yes, they will also have Kobe beef :9'' Yum!

Tips to survive the Buffet at Bellagio

Tip#1: DO NOT GET TOO MUCH OF ONE THING

If any person knows the best way to eat at a buffet, it's ME! You take a little of everything here and there for a little taste.  Think of the buffet as uncharted territory and Capt. Stomach has sent you on a mission to find the best eatery and bring it back to base.  You're sent on a recon out and you're faced with an amalgam of tastes and smells EVERYWHERE! If it looks good and smells good, take a little to see if it tastes good; especially if it's your first time trying it. Do not grab a pound of the mediterranean salad, take a bite, and dump it. Please. And if it tastes good, don't get too much because there's a million other things to try here also!

Tip #2: Create a plan!
Make a map even! Walk around the buffet first to see what you're working with a keep a mental of what's where, what everyone is going for, what seems to be the most popular item on the buffet line. Do all of this so you know where to start. Don't just start picking and grabbing here because unlike the other buffets, I've noticed this to be the most cultured of cuisines. I'm not talking about tacos and orange chicken-culture. I'm talking about bistro-worthy eats that you won't find at a Taco  Bell or a Panda Express!


Tip#3: Start light and work your way up!

So you're out on the buffet line, empty plate in hand, and you're a hunter with a hunger. Start light with their salad. It's on it's own island so you're won't have too much trouble finding it. Sounds epic doesn't it? Haha! There's also a little sushi bar. Sometimes they'll even have beef tartare! Mmmm. Then after you've warmed your insides, take a tour of the seafood: crab legs THAT ARE ALREADY CUT (awesome!), the sea bass is GREAT as also. If you're lucky to come at a time when they have Kobe beef, get some! It's absolutely scrumptous! It is extremely tender and melts like butter in your mouth!

If you're a local, take your friends here if they really want a taste of what Las Vegas buffets and food is all about! Enjoy and happy eating! :)笑
I just don't think the food is worth the money. There was nothing that was great. I just took a bite of all the different things and really wasn't impressed. Even the desserts were mediocre. I would've been happier going to Yogurtland. Like others have mentioned, we had a party of nine, for which they force you to pay an 18% gratuity to the waitress that is getting you drinks. I would not recommend this day. Just go to a nice lunch instead.笑
5 stars alone for the Alaskan king crab legs.  That's all I pretty much ate.  Due to the holiday weekend, we had to wait a bit to get a table and pay more but when we did, we got to relax and take our time eating.  Steamed Alaskan king crab for me please! The sushi was meh.  So disappointing because they looked good but tasted boring.  There was such a huge variety of food that I feel badly I didn't eat anything but the crab legs.  Oh well. I guess I will just have to go back.笑
Disgusting crab, all of it. Cold, rubbery, and flavorless. All the pasta was very salty, especially the Asian noodles. There was crunchy gristle in the chicken Shu Mai and Mongolian beef. The desserts were very sweet to the point of being flavorless.  

Save $50/person. Go to Harrah's champagne brunch, have the endless crab there, which is soooo delicious.笑
Never in my life did I picture myself hitting up a buffet in Vegas. What can I say. It always seemed gimmicky I guess. So I crashed here for a night. The room was pimp and exceeded expectation. I had been driving all freaking day and in dire need of something delicious. No reservations, no snacks and screw eating shit from the mini bar. So me and buddy mosey on down to the  Buffet while gawking at the numerous hot females walking around.

Back to the food. Everything was great first and foremost. The sushi was just okay, bland and the selection of rolls was pretty eh. Anyway not quality sushi. The Prime Rib was really juicy and satisfied my craving for blood. The king crab legs were really good and the shrimp were mighty tasty. The spinach stuffed pasta things were great, smothered in a creamy white sauce. Pesto mashed potatoes, duck, turkey, spareribs, noodles, dim sum, everything was really good and the quality of the food was overall pretty good. I left this place feeling like a really content blob. The service was great and the drinks were pretty good. Nice buffet... good enough to wipe my buffet grudge away for the time being.笑
Very unimpressed with the Bellagio Buffett. Completely overrated. I think we paid for a dessert buffet because that was the only thing worth eating. 

Proteins- turkey was dry and inedible, prime rib was cold, crab legs served cold, BBQ chicken dry, salmon was ok but nothing to write home about. 

Very limited selections of food. Left feeling like I'll be hungry in an hour from lack of proteins. 

Huge waste of money.笑
Ever since they went corporate the food quality and variety has went down drastically. Over priced and food was awful.笑
Great food selection! If you plan on drinking make sure to get the bottomless option. Never had to ask for a refill, waitress was great! Macaroons were to die for.. rest of the desserts tasted old. Liked all other food!笑
3.5 stars.  The dinner line is super long, but if you're an MLife member - Level 3 or higher - you can bypass the line and go straight to the front.  (The brochure incorrectly states that all MLife members - levels 1-5 - can do this.)  Service was good.

The seafood selection was excellent - fresh and plenty of variety.  Really great.  The meat section was also good, but less varietal.  Plenty of pizza and grains here, too.  The sushi/sashimi/poke selection was small.  Limited fresh fruit and salad options.  Desserts looked beautiful, but you soon realize they're all basically the same kind of desserts - various cheesecakes, tiramisu, brownies, fro-yo, etc.  Most of which, tasted like regular supermarket fare.笑
Went for the breakfast and brunch buffet for $24.95. 

Favs: applewood smoked bacon, mozzarella and tomato salad, mashed potatoes, bluenose, prime rib. 

Good stuff. But!! I don't think I got my 25 bucks worth. Only had a plate and a half of food plus some desserts. Darn my nonexpanding stomach and my nonstretch dress!!!! :(

Try to go 30-45 minutes before dinner starts (at 4:00PM). Pay for lunch but get both lunch and dinner selections. Get the best of both worlds! We didn't do this 'cause we couldn't wait until 3:30PM to eat.笑
this is my 2nd time at the bellagio buffet. i wasn't too impressed/thrilled this time around after the meal.  the wait is just as long as usual. the sushi selection was meh. the meats were really overcooked. the crab legs.. i can get better at costco.  the waiter we had was really attentive though. the cashier was grumpy because we didn't include tip in the bill but instead opted to putting cash at the table after we were done. creme brulee was really good though. for the price we paid, don't think it was worth it. i will try the wynn next time.笑
This review is only for the breakfast buffet. Good all around assortment of breakfast items including some, what i would call, lunch items. Omelets made to order were perfect and the pastries were yummy. Smoked fish and bagels were great as well. Great assortment of fruit. Had some ring sausages with not much flavor. Service was great and we were seated in a timely fashion.笑
We went to Vegas in Feb 2015 to get married. 
We loved the buffet. We took the advice of other Yelpers & got there in time to pay the lunch price & they switched over to dinner while we were eating. Sushi was amazing! Great selection.笑
Just to remind everybody that it is 40 dollars per person for holiday brunch. (Didn't know about that until we came to make the payment. :( ) Though it is definitely delicious. 12/30/2015笑
Absolutely terrible. Not that I ever have very high expectations for buffets, but this was a new low for me. Overall, food was flavorless. This is $12 buffet at best, definitely not $50. Not to mention the place is a complete zoo, no order what so ever. I don't usually complain but wow - what a nightmare.笑
I cant say much other than purw amazement! This place had EVERYTHING and the best part is it all tasted as if I made it at home and thats saying a lot since i'm a classically trained chef! Much love to all the kitchen workers here... They do a GREAT job! Our server was awesome too笑
Bellagio itself is  definitely one of the most beautiful hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. But unfortunately I can't say much about the buffet since there is alot to compare too in Las Vegas.  I have eaten at almost every buffet in Las Vegas that is worth trying, as in best reviews..recommendations etc. The Bellagio buffet is Good, not Great or the Best but not Terribly Bad. 
If you are in the area.. it is worth trying but if there's time on your hands and there are options available, I would seek elsewhere.
I stayed at the Bellagio for 2 nights and ate at the buffet twice.  First experience was Dinner. They have your typical meat carving stations, salad bar, a variety of international selections etc and dessert bar. I always go for the seafood,since the price is typically priced at the high $40s per person, I like to get my money's worth like probably every other person who hits up a buffet lol.
The seafood selection was very slim but they did have crab legs and shrimp cocktail and a few salads that had seafood in them as well as a sushi station and poke. 
The desserts were amazing. It's doesn't take much to impress me since I have a sweet tooth. 
Overall my concern was, I ate breakfast the next morning at the buffet and I saw many of the same items that were served the night before.  I think they definitely have to change that up.
Overall this place is definitely worth a try but I always like to stick to Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan if you have an option.笑
This honestly has to be the most expensive effin' buffet that I have ever eaten at, but my other RE/MAX buddies wanted to eat here, so I thought "why not?".  

This ended up being really good though!  They had sushi that was fair considering we were nowhere near water (LOL), prime rib which was tasty, and a whole bunch of other fare.  They even offer certain adult beverages on an "all you can drink" deal.  I did not partake of this because this has to be cheap liquor for them to do all you can drink.  

Give this a try, it's well worth the $40 something you'll pay!笑
What's going to Vegas without binging on buffet food? This one is definitely one that is worth the price. I loved our waiter Alfonso. He was very attentive in making sure our drinks were full and plates were cleared. I loved the truffle potato salad, the caviar bar, sushi, the steamed crab legs.. They had Kobe beef and lamb, and I really enjoyed the variety they had. Overall good buffet experience.笑
I really can't decide what my favorite buffet is, Bellagio or Wynn. I think Bellagio's food is a little bit better but Wynn has the upper hand in the decor department. 

This being said, I am growing tired of buffets. It is a casual and cheap dining experience which can be good if I did too much shopping or gambling and my wallet is in pain. But aside from that, there are so many amazing restaurants to try - if I am not feeling broke I don't think I will return to a buffet unless a friend drags me. 

However, Bellagio buffet is the best food I have found at any buffet I have ever had in my life. So if you are going to buffet, I would say this is the place to do so. 

The roast chicken, German potato salad, and fresh made sushi were the highlights for me on this last trip.笑
Great buffet, but quite expensive (I think I paid $40). They have a great selection of meats, appetizers, pasta, rice, etc. The desserts are delectable, there's a good selection of seafood, but the downside is that the savory foods aren't as flavorful as they look. 

Otherwise, good buffet to go to if you want to splurge on some money. Otherwise, if you want to get your money's worth, maybe not..笑
So good! I can't believe it took me so long to try this buffet!

Almost everything was delicious! From the salads, soups, meat, side dishes, to the desserts. Amazing! I could've sat there all day eating. What I thought was most unique food they have was the quail and pesto mash potatoes! The quail was a little dry though. They have kobe beef, vietnamese spring rolls, and a variety of sushi rolls here as well. The desserts are amazing!

Definitely coming back!笑
This one is my FAVORITE Vegas buffet! I've been twice now and I am always stunned by how much I MUST put down. It is delicious and I would feel cheated if I didn't try a bit of everything and then go back for seconds and thirds of my favorites! Huge variety, high quality, LOVE that the crab legs are already cut in half for you so you just have to fork it out, great ambiance... very classy. I am proud to say I made the walk of shame out the door when I was done.笑
Super slow service !! I expected better when paying 35$ at the entrance. I regretted waiting at the line for almost an hour.笑
I honestly think this is still the best dinner buffet in Vegas. 

In terms of cost, variety, quality and presentation, you can't get any better. We paid $30 for a dinner buffet that had so much food that I couldn't even try everything. The items that I was able to try was delicious with the exception of 1 fish dish. It tasted a little rubbery and was probably cooked too long. Other than that, try the King Crab legs, pesto mashed potatoes, prime rib, creamed spinach, tuna sashimi with spicy sauce and their desserts.笑
We came here on Thursday evening.   Of course it was near closing time, as our timing was off from watching GSW at MGM and catching a glimpse of the Bellagio Fountains. So we had 40 minutes to eat and get outta here.  The cutoff was 10:20 p.m. 

Food = delicious!  

Highlights: Chilean sea bass with miso sauce, osso bucco (pork), Kobe beef and prime rib fried rice.  

They had some good Chinese food (gai lan!), meat carving station, rotisserie chicken, made-to-order taco station, large selection of seafood (including snow crab legs and crawfish).   Unfortunately, sushi wasn't impressive, as the rice was heavy and hard (I tried a roll) and the fish (nigiri) looked like it had been sitting way too long.  (Perhaps it was the lateness.)  Although the Hijiki seaweed salad was delicious!   Pizza was great, especially when it came out fresh out of the oven.  And of course, the salad bar is great, too.  (I have no idea why, but I always want salad.)   

Plenty to choose from, with quality ingredients. 

Desserts... lots to choose from. The chocolate dome and tiramisu were good.  They have soft serve, too. 

Drinks (non-alcoholic) are included.  Order when you're at the table.  

Service = friendly.  They were attentive with the drinks, cleared off the dirty plates and provided us with ample napkins.   

Prices = $34.99 for dinner buffet, Monday to Thursday. (It goes up to $39.99 for Friday through Sunday. And there are other prices for Chef's Table, Gourmet dinner, lunch, breakfast and weekend brunch.  They also offer an option of unlimited Margaritas, Bloody Marys, sparkling wine or beer for $12.99, for those in the mood for drinking.)

Overall, I'd say that this is a good place to go for a decent buffet without breaking the bank.笑
I love coming for the Grand Buffet at the Bellagio.  It's expensive but worth it.  You get to try things you normally wouldn't get to try.  Get there early the lines can get long.
I love the Seaweed Salad, Beef Wellington, Crab and Shrimp.  It's been awhile since I have been but I wanted to weigh in.  

I love the Spice Market Buffet and the Rio Seafood Buffet as well.笑
I recently visited in about 3 years and I feel like they are going downhill. The service, the food, the variety of food and ambience is sinking. Bellagio needs to do a BIG re-vamp, if they want to compete with the HOT buffets in town.笑
A year and 1/2 later and I couldn't resist the french toast and sausages at the Bellagio Buffet.   Had to do at least one buffet this past weekend and I was told the one to check out now is the Wynn but old habits die hard!  ;)*   Lamb, prime rib, crispy bacon were good picks to fill up on.    End cuts are the best!  Yes, I like my meat!  I only grabbed 6 desserts this time instead of my usual 3 plates covered with 14 desserts!  LOL  The raspberry chocolate mousse cake was nice and airy, chocolate hazelnut cake was melt in your mouth rich and apple strussel pie covered in powdered sugar was all goodness .  

I'm giving it 4 stars just because I'm partial to the Bellagio buffet....and yes back to the gym now!笑
If I were younger and still had the fortitude to make Bellagio regret charging so little for the amount I was able to consume this might have been a five-starer.  As it is, I think it's one of the better buffets in Vegas.  There's plenty of diverse foods (see Ostrich) that peaked my interest and I enjoyed the experience.

Unfortunately at this point in my eating stage, the buffet experience doesn't cut a dedicated restaurant or chef.笑
I ate here for both the lunch and dinner services on my recent trip to Las Vegas and I was really pleased! I found there to be a pleasant variety with pretty fresh food for a buffet. I find this buffet--along with Cravings at the Mirage--to be one of the better, more affordable buffets on the strip.

The dinner service has incredible seafood selections. I had four different types of ceviches and every single one of them was delicious. I also ate a marinara pasta they served at dinner and ate a plateful of it. Bellagio knows how to do pasta!

My only complaint is that the food organization seems a little wild. One of my favorite things about Cravings at the Mirage is that patrons can choose which section of the buffet they want to visit based on "ethnic" or "type." At the mirage, if you're in the mood for salad, you go to the salad section.... if you want Chinese, you go to the Chinese section.... if you want Italian, you go to the Italian section, and so on. The Bellagio has no signs or clear cut divisions, so I had to walk around the buffet several times to gather an idea of where everything I wanted was. This is only a minor gripe though!

Other foods I distinctly remember because of how scrumptious they tasted are the roasted squash and the marinated mushrooms. The mushrooms were available at both lunch and dinner, while the squash was available during lunch. The squash was slightly sweet due to a brown sugar coating and it was perfectly caramelized. I would never have expected to eat such a great squash dish at a buffet. Usually vegetables at buffets are boring and low on taste, but not at the Bellagio! I'll definitely visit the Bellagio for meals again.笑
1 word best describes this buffet: decadent. The amount of variety in the foods they offered was crazy!!! Tables and stations full of lots of different items: seafood, steak, turkey, sides, sushi, veggies, and of course, desserts. Some items were cheap throwaways for people to fill up on, just like all buffets, but the big ticket items were ON POINT! I was extremely satisfied by 5 or 6 items there. I filled up on king crab legs, prime rib with au jus, mashed potatoes with gravy, tuna hand rolls, mini belgian waffles, and fresh fruits. 

The desserts were all beautifully displayed. The only disappointment was the bread pudding, which looked and ultimately tasted disgusting. They have sauces on the side like creme anglais or chocolate and caramel sauces, which we used sparingly to try and save the bread pudding, but it made it so much worse! My favorites were the tiramisu, black and white chocolate "bomb," and the mini pecan pie with a chocolate surprise in the middle! (the crust on that was to die for!!!)

This place was definitely worth the value, and DEFINITELY worth the wait. The line for brunch loked intimidating, extending out the door and around the corner into the casino, but it went by fast, maybe 15 minutes. The server we had was great. Sodas are included in the buffet price, but alcoholic drinks are unlimited for $8. I had a "virgin" bloody mary and it was spicy but delish.

I loved it!笑
I read that Bellagio had one of the better buffets in Vegas so I decided to give it a try for lunch.  The line wasn't long at 11am so I decided to play a few slots and use the restroom.  When I returned 30 minutes later, the line was long and winding!  Ugh.

I got a seat close to the buffet itself.  I was disappointed though.  I didn't see anything spectacular about this buffet and the price was a bit high.  It seemed like a regular Vegas buffet to me.  Plus the drink service was very slow.  I had already finished my first plate by the time my drink arrived.  Good luck trying to ask for refills.  Might as well bring in a bottle of water.  Although, I do admit that their dessert counter was one of the best ones I've seen.  

I'd like to try it again but for dinner.  Perhaps their food is better then.

Be sure to pick up a pear from the fruit basket.  I thought it was a decorative item but it was actually a real pear.  And it was the best pear I've ever had!  :)笑
They have amazing choices of desserts! We arrived around 11:30am and waited for about 30 minutes. Due to the holiday, we paid 42 bucks per person which was much more than regular days( 29 )  I don't like their crab because it was very fishy smell. The service is appreciable, they refill your cup once it was below half of it.笑
I went here at 12:00 
The line is very quick about 15' from the front door. 
We pay 161$ for 5 people plus TIP ( dont forget the Tip in USA). We thought the food is great and a lot of option since the hotel is expensive. 
But the buffet turn out so disappointed because of food taste 3/10 on the scale. 
Never go back. We should spend money on somewhere else have better food.笑
I came back to the table with 3 plates of dessert, 'nuff said.  

I've been here for both lunch and dinner on separate trips and it's always a satisfying meal.  There's endless variations of food.  The only disappointing meal was the Kobe beef surprisingly and I wish they had some good prime rib for dinner, but oh well.  Having tried a few buffets on the strip, the Bellagio Buffet makes my top 2.笑
The buffet here is probably better than the lower priced ones but for almost $30/person for dinner, I'm not sure it's all that great.  I was very disappointed with the sushi which was surprisingly better at the Flamingo buffet.  The sushi here tasted like the pre-packaged ones you'd find at your local Safeway or Costco.  They had 2 varieties of poke (so-so), crab legs, shrimp and a variety of cooked seafood.

The buffet food looks better than the Flamingo's but I thought only the desserts were better overall.  They do have really good desserts with slices of cakes, creme' brulee, cookies, flan, tarts, etc.  Jr. Yelper went for the red meat - prime rib and Kobe' beef which was "OK".  The BBQ short ribs (boneless) was quite tender and tasty. 

You have to go early to wait in line.  The first evening we arrived around 6:30PM and it was a 1.5-2 hrs wait, so we left. The 2nd nite, we got there at 5PM and got in to eat by 1 hr's wait.  Our server was good about filling our sodas and water.  Hard to understand how any one person can eat all that food.  I took just a tablespoon size of some foods just to sample and you get so full that I don't think I sampled even 1/3 the choices available.  If you're a big portion eater then buffets may be worth the dollars spent otherwise, you're just overeating and going to get really fat.  I kid you not, just look around at the folks in the buffet lines.笑
Mimosas!! Worth the money! We drank our morning away... Great service!! Bacon was mouth watering and I personally loved the corn beef hash...笑
Easily one of the best buffets in Vegas. The crab legs are the KIng crab legs and not the smaller snow crab ones. The desert bar is vast and they serve a larger variety of meats than most other buffets. It's pricey but it's in one of the nicer casinos in Vegas so it's to be expected.笑
So there are so many buffets choices in Vegas. Right. Well I picked this one because the shuttle driver recommended it. She was sweet and seemed knowledgeable so I went off that. I visited last Friday night by myself and it was $47 and change which was fustrating because I called ahead and was told $38. Still I stayed because I was famished and although busy there was no wait. I had 2 plates and was not impressed at ALL. The crab legs were very watery and whatever elsd I got was bland so not memorable. The staff was friendly but yeah it was a waste of money. Definitely felt cheated. I've had better around my boring town. So my advice is do your research and  unless you're staying there and get a discount... do yourself a favor and skip.笑
I'd been to the buffet at Paris: not impressed. The buffet at Mirage: definitely not impressed. The buffets at Wynn - all three meals: somewhat more impressed, but not enough to return. I decided buffets were not for me.

So what happened? As luck would have it, I ended up in Las Vegas at the same time that my brother was visiting. We have different tastes in restaurants, and a buffet seemed like a good compromise. He thought Bellagio was pretty good, so off we went.

The buffet area is busy and not particularly pretty. It feels a lot like an upscale cafeteria - not bad, but lacking character. No big deal. Service was fine, with drinks coming quickly, and dirty plates being cleared quickly. I still haven't figured out how buffet staff know not to give your table away when you get up to get seconds (and thirds and...), but somehow it works.

Compared to Wynn, the selection at Bellagio is smaller, and the overall quality is about the same. However, Bellagio has a few dishes that are more interesting, or of better quality. The evening I was there, the standouts were:
     Beef Wellington with Bearnaise Sauce. The pastry crust was reasonably flaky, the beef was tender, and the sauce was good. I went back for seconds.
     African Bluenose. Some sort of firm white fish, it was fully cooked but still juicy.
     Whole Quail. There really wasn't anything special about the quality, but I give the buffet extra points for offering something a little different.
     Desserts. The variety of desserts is small, but I'm a sucker for rich chocolate offerings, and there were several that featured ganache or other chocolate fillings. The creme brulee was also good.

There were plenty of other items that were nothing special (e.g., marinated squid that was pretty standard, curried duck that didn't have much flavor, dried out gyro meat). Nonetheless, I give Bellagio the nod over my prior favorite buffet - Wynn - because Bellagio's offerings are a little more interesting. I still think buffets aren't worth it, but if you want to try a dinner buffet, this one is a good choice.

Because of this experience, I went back for the lunch buffet. I should have stuck with dinner. The lunch buffet was very similar to the dinner buffet - minus the more interesting or better dishes. Beef welling at dinner was replaced by very mediocre Chicken Wellington at lunch. African bluenose, cooked so nicely at dinner, was dry at lunch. Leg of lamb was plain and didn't taste of much anything.

If you're interested in a lunch buffet, I recommend Wynn, where the quality is very similar to that at dinner.笑
Another great Vegas buffet. Though I prefer bacchanal buffet over at Caesar's Palace, this one is not so different. This one is much more affordable however. Around $35 per person here as opposed to around $55 at Caesar's. The variety and spread is therefore more limited. Notable foods were the snow crab legs (I literally ate 3 plates worth) and the steak flank. The wait was longer than Caesars but thankfully my mom is a platinum member and we skipped the 3 hour line.笑
$40 per person. Lot of seats open but they make you wait in line for 45+minutes while seating VIPs. Selection is ok and some food are actually quiet good but everything is lukewarm at best.笑
Decided to celebrate Christmas at Buffet at Bellagio! Seriously not worth the money! Secondly the food was very bad that my baby got diarrhea and threw up the whole night! The only thing I like there is the dessert bar!! Even worse than the shitty station casino buffets!笑
This is one of the better buffets I've been to in Vegas.  A very wide selection of food and all of it was pretty good!  A lot of seafood too, which is a plus for me!  Lots of dessert options.  We went on a Saturday night so there was caviar, sushi, crab legs, etc. . . Not sure those are there on other day.  I was SOO stuffed afterwards!  Great buffet!笑
We ate here for hours! We popped in right before lunch and were not hustled out when lunch time came around. The variety of food offered here is amazing. Omelets made to order, salmon, sushi bar, etc. This place is definitely worth at least one try.笑
Pros:
Lots of shrimp and crab legs. 
Good dessert
Good roasted ham, turkey, beef
Freshly squeezed juices
You can get what ever you may like. 
Cons:
Long line waiting for hours
They can easily give you a pager
Expensive (but worth it)笑
This past week I decided to settle for the brunch buffet because I was able to get a cheap price of $28.11 for 2 through Myvegas rewards. If you play MyVegas through Facebook, you can earn enough gold coins to purchase a 2 for 1 lunch or dinner meal. The lunch buffet sells for 14,000 coins and the dinner sells for 26,000. That being said, I didn't have much expectations entering the buffet. I ate about 3-4 plates with mostly the same items because there weren't many appealing options to choose from. 

I started off with some breakfast sausage, eggs and biscuits which actually wasn't that bad. I then went on to the prime rib which was mediocre at best. It was tough and lacked flavor. I mostly got my moneys worth from eating the breakfast items over and over. They had an omelette station that was very popular because it was the only line that everyone was waiting in. The cook made the omelettes at a rapid pace so the waiting time wasn't too bad. IMO, even though I didn't get an omelette, I sampled my girlfriends and it was delicious. She had two of them and it was probably the best thing the buffet had to offer. Its the sole reason my girlfriend wants to come back. 

Overall, this isn't a very good buffet. If you never tried it, I would recommend going during the breakfast hours purely for the omelettes IF you redeemed the myvegas lunch rewards. Otherwise, save your money for another place.笑
I really don't know what all the fuss is about.  This place seemed like a rather small buffet w/ just so-so food.

My friend's crab legs were still frozen, all the meats are rather bland or have some herb on it that shouldn't be there, the sushi is quite awful, and  their salad bar was weak.  I tried a little bit of everything and it was just not that impressive.

The highlight?  The pesto pasta w/ chicken and sundried tomatoes.  But even that didn't taste as good the 2nd time around (new batch), all my friends agreed.  

There isn't anything on the buffet that's fabulous and quite frankly, i was very disappointed.  I paid $30 for that?!笑
The wait was not too bad although we went 1 hour before they closed. I expected the food to be picked through but the buffet was still full. The service was good and our water was kept full. The food selection was good and the dessert options were amazing.笑
Yes! I finally found a place where I can get unlimited mimosa's, dates wrapped in bacon, quality lox and french toast sandwiches with nutella. Does it get any better? 

Went here for a breakfast buffet on a Saturday morning. It was pretty packed but got seating right away at the bar. If you have the option to wait for a table or sit at the bar, sit at the bar. The level of service is awesome as you'll have a bartender there to provide you drinks anytime.笑
Got into Vegas on a Sunday afternoon. After getting all checked in we decided to head on over here for their Sunday brunch. Pricing was good plus we got the unlimited mimosas. We arrived around 340 and there was no line. Brunch pricing runs until 4. At 4 the buffet switches to dinner and the crab legs come out. The food here was decent. Nothing spectacular. Their prime rib was good. The crab legs were ok. Nothing special there. Was too impatient to go and get them steamed somewhere else, although that would have made them better. The highlight of this brunch definitely would be the unlimited mimosas. It was a great way to start a mini vacation in Vegas. Plus they were not stingy on the champage to OJ ratio. Even though the brunch ends at 4, they will keep filling the glasses until 5!笑
This buffet is mediocre at best. I stuck to the salad bar, salmon platter and meats. If you want to carb up, this is the place to be. Otherwise, the selection is minimal for those watching it.笑
With 700+ reviews, I feel another haiku coming on.

Go late to breakfast
And you'll snag yummy lunch too
I'm cheap but it's good

I had a butt-ton of smoked salmon and tried each of their breads and jams probably 5 times over.  To each his own.笑
It's worth the price of admission. $26 for lunch gets you all the usual fixings. their chilean sea bass is a bit dry, but still great. The peasant duck is fatty but very tasty. The bbq salmon is really soft, but I would have preferred lemon-pepper or chile based honey/mango mix. Surprisingly, their OJ is really good too ha. The service and staff are really friendly. Definitely a top 10 buffet for lunch, though it's too much food, especially w/the filling flavors and assortments, you can't eat that much in my humble opinion.笑
Good food. VERY CLEAN for a buffet! Great Selection! Good price!笑
This was the best out of the 4 buffets we tried out (the others were Le Village, Cravings and Spice Market). They have both king and snow crab legs, which were awesome. Their ribs and prime rib are delicious. They have a whole variety of other food for those that aren't into their big ticket items too. They do not clear the dining room between lunch and dinner so you can catch their dinner items with lunch prices by going for a late lunch if you're so inclined. There's usually at least a short line to get in but it's not too bad as long as you don't go during peak hours.笑
Quail. Wild Boar. Venison.

Long lines unless the friend you are with gets a pass from the poker room because he spends 80 + hours a week in there.  Around $38 for dinner.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio was the very first buffet that I got try in Vegas and my tummy is quite satisfied. My friends and I came for lunch around 2pm and stayed for dinner which started at 3pm. Basically, two meals for the price of one! Yes!  The total came out to be about $27 for lunch. We didn't even have to wait since we came for a late lunch on Monday. However, when we were leaving around 4pm, there was quite a long line for dinner. 

Once we got in, we were seated quite far from the all the food selections. But I guess it was a blessing in disguise since we needed exercise for all the food we were about to devour. 

We stayed for about 2-3 hours and sampled the majority of the items at the buffet. I skipped the bread and pasta selection since they were not worth it to me to try.  Some of my favorites from lunch/dinner was the salmon and tuna poke, tuna hand roll, seared salmon, salmon nigiri, steak flank, bbq ribs, prime rib, ratatouille, and the various dessert options. I couldn't stop going back for seconds on the salmon and tuna poke. The fish was fresh and tasted amazing with the spicy mayo sauce that they had. The sushi selection was small and I didn't bother to try any besides the salmon/tuna nigiri. Wish they had more selection of sushi. 

The choice of meat that they had were all delicious and I should have asked for smaller slices beforehand because the meat fills you up! They even made the bacon just how I like it- crispy but not burnt crispy.  

I was also loving the dessert section. You can choose from white chocolate nutella cone, mango coconut panna cotta, cheesecake, cannolis, frozen custard, flan, etc. 

For me, the only disappointment from the buffet was the crab legs. They were cold and definitely lacking in flavor.  I was expecting better crabs legs from this buffet. I did see families with piles of crab legs on their table, so I guess there were some people who did enjoy it.


Tip: Go towards the end of lunch around 2pm and stay for dinner! ;)笑
There are MANY better buffets in Las Vegas. This place is overrated. It is not worth your time OR money. It used to be better. The food was very salty. The wait was unpleasant. The variety is not that big. 

The server is really attentive. Makes sure your drinks are always filled and plates are cleared. 

The deserts were delicious though --- I will give them that. (The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not 1).笑
I haven't been back here for awhile but this time I wasn't much impressed...the food quality was much down from couple years ago...No more great sushi dishes, they added on some more Chinese dishes some are good. We missed the cream brulee one. Varieties are way less compared to the past.The staff was a it slow since it has been always busy. It is not worth $40 dinner for sure...笑
As with all buffets after a few dishes, food doesn't even make sense anymore !!! 

Here's what I loved about this dinner

1) Beef WELLINGTON !! Yum!!! Delicious flaky pastry criss crossed cloaking a perfectly cooked steak

2) Coconut Macadamia Bar

The crab legs were 'eh' but I definitely ate enough to make the $35 worth it. 

3) The custom crepe - by the time I made it to the crepe (after having had samples of their italian pizzas, lobster ravioli, sausage penne, and lamb rib) I found that it took my last ounce of energy to appreciate.  Why hadn't I gotten the custom crepe first?!

It's definitely not a big seafood buffet - the stars here are the meats and the desserts (so plan accordingly)笑
this place is overrated. the main reason why i wanted eat dinner here was because of the crab legs. The legs were already cracked/cut in half but unfortunately, all the crab legs were frozen. I'm not talking cold crab legs, but frozen with ICE! i had to wait to eat them till the end of my meal just so it would thaw a little, even then it still had ice. the rest of the food wasn't so good either. nothing was memorable. for that price, i expected it to be better. it was obvious the different foods were sitting out for a while because it was dry. The best part of the buffet was the dessert section. won't be coming back.笑
The buffet itself was quite nice. Came here twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner. I would recommend the dinner over the breakfast, as the breakfast had rather average breakfast options.笑
Shockingly bad.  Overpriced and over-promised.  The supposed "gourmet dinner" was nothing of the sort; dessert was good, hence the second star, otherwise a complete waste of (a lot of) money on Labor day.笑
My dad treated me & my BFF to brunch at the Bellagio. Cannot go wrong wth beautiful atrium and designer shops to walk through on your way to brunch. No wait which is really nice
on Sunday around 11:00 am.  

Excellent service, got all our drinks promptly. Fresh crab, excellent prime rib and a variety of desserts. Added bonus: fresh spicy tuna hand rolls and shrimp rolls. Worth it!笑
Last time I came to Vegas, I went to the Wynn. For comparison, I came to Bellagio a few weeks later. I have to say, although Wynn is cheaper, Bellagio's food was better. 

Yes, they both had crab legs. Yes they both had prime rib and delicious desserts. But the for some reason my heart lies at Bellagio and the Kobe Beef they have. I couldn't help but get a second serving! Don't forget the large cocktail shrimp and the DESSERTS! I nearly died! 

Granted, their service was a bit slower than Wynn, but hey, I came for the food!笑
One of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas. 9 out of 10 times I'm in Vegas, I will be standing in line waiting to get my hands on their creme brulee at 6pm. So many food to choose from as well as desserts. Bf and I would make sure to be early before the dinner rush. The long wait is understandable because you get your money worth. Girl restroom is fully stocked and clean. Servers are attentive.笑
I was not impressed with the quality of the food at all.   It was overpriced ($32) pp and not worth it at all.笑
It's just another buffet in the city. It has long lines, the same food as any other MGM property and there's nothing that really makes it stand out. The quality of the food is decent, but they didn't replenish it as often as people were eating it.笑
My wife and I just ate here for lunch based on a recommendation from a local. This is one of the worst buffets I've tried in Vegas. The food was less than mediocre, and in most cases barely edible. Breads were stale and dry, flavors of most things seemed bland and cheap, and a platter of "fresh" burgers just put out were already cold. Avoid this buffet and spend your money elsewhere!笑
After an hour wait, this wasn't worth it. After paying $91 for two, it wasn't worth it.
After being seated on an old dance floor near the front door with the masses watching us eat, this wasn't worth it. After eating food that my own local Indian Casino Buffet beats for far less, this wasn't worth it. After paying $7 to park, this wasn't worth it. Folks, the bottom line is, you could do so much better. For the money we spent, $98 could definitely find a better experience. Did I mention the flies? Yes, little nats flying around our table, our food and our faces?. Yummm.笑
Disclaimer: I do not eat seafood. If you are a huge seafood fan, this place will definitely be a 4 star, maybe even a 5 star for you. 

The Buffet at the Bellagio is very, very seafood heavy. I realize a lot of people love this aspect, and my boyfriend definitely enjoyed his king crab legs, sashimi, and other seafood dishes. But even for him, this was not the best Buffet experience. 

Overall, I thought it was a bit small. There wasn't a plethora of options, and overall I was not impressed with most of the food that I tried. 

I did enjoy the prime rib, which I was excited about. The turkey and mashed potatoes were pretty good too. The Asian and Italian dishes were all awful, and I tried multiple ones. The pizza did not look appealing at all. 

The saving grace was the taco bar and the dessert options. I especially enjoyed the chocolate eclairs and tiramisu. 

Also, despite the location at Bellagio, I felt that the Buffet decor was a bit dated and I was not impressed with it. 

Service was good though, and the price was reasonable. All in all though, I wouldn't go back. If you are a fan of seafood though, I would suggest checking it out.笑
Had the gourmet dinner on Saturday Night for over $40 with tax and tip.

The line was out the door, but moved fast. I arrived around 7pm on Sat, and waited 30-45 minutes.


The main attraction is the rack of lamb.  I told the meat guy to give me "alot" and he dumped 7 chops on my plate.  They were pretty average.. slightly seasoned, but overcooked to my taste, and not too juicy.   I had had worse though.  

For dessert, I did NOT see ANY chocolate covered strawberries.  The self serve Ice cream is a JOKE.  It's the same stuff you'd find at Souplantation, Sizzler, or Hometown buffet.  No hand scooped Gelato or Ice Cream I've seen at middle tier buffets, and for much less ($8.95 at the M Resort)

They did have creme brulee, which was mediocre quality.  There were cream puffs, eclairs, brownies..

I did see some pretzel bread, and it wasn't bad.

Alot of low end stuff was seen.. .. if you go.. stick with the lamb.. 

Overall, the Wynn isn't any better IMO.  I think the Wynn is even more expensive.  The Wynn may have better ice cream, and their lamb may be slightly better when or if they have it.  Read my review for the Wynn, but I didn't go on a weekend where they may have higher prices, and better fare.笑
Can you say "Crab!"  Fantastic!  This was my wife and eyes first time in Vegas together and always heard that we needed to go to the Bellagio buffet.  Wow absolutely incredible. Carving stations for just about anything you can imagine, Lamb, beef, pork roast.    Crab absolutely incredible crab , already cut open for you and cracked all you need to do is show up with butter and a fork. 
After filling up on the crab and prime rib we turned our attention to sushi.    And of course finished up with dessert.    I would say this is worth every penny! A must do in Vegas笑
I do my best at buffets when I'm under the influence of performance enhancing supplements, otherwise it's just a waste of money but at the Bellagio buffet, I wasn't drunk or anything and I enjoyed it. I think I made a total of six trips, 3rd servings of entrees, couple helpings of dessert here and there, tried the congee and some other stuff. I was disappointed that there was no seafood but maybe I came at the wrong time. I was pleased but life is too short to go to the same buffet in Las Vegas, so I'm not sure if I'll return.笑
I was really looking forward to this buffet only one we went to on our week long vacation I was disappointed all the things I heard were great   It was mediocre  31 dollars a person  if this is the best buffet in Vegas I won't be eating at any other buffets in Vegas  I hate to right a bad review笑
I know I am adding to the pile, so I'll keep it brief.  I've been to a lot of buffets, including many on the strip.  This is the best on the strip.

Pros:
-Interesting items (quail, green curry duck, Kobe roast, I could go on).
-The best creme brulee.
-Drawn butter to go with the crab.
-Everything is well prepared and seasoned, from the meats to the salads.
-Attentive, friendly waiters/bussers.

Cons:
-Crab is cold and salty.  I am from an area where fresh Dungeness is easy to come by, so I'm a little spoiled, but yuck.
-Always a long line (when I've been there).

Definitely worth a visit.  For those who complain about the price, it's probably a difference of about $4 between here and Harrahs.  Panhandle the $4 before you make that choice!笑
Best buffet in Vegas.  Go on the weekend for the gourmet buffet with Kobe beef and rack of lamb.  Kobe was tougher than the prime rib, but the land was great.  Crab legs and shrimp were ok.  Overcooked, and bland taste.  Awesome desserts.笑
The Bellagio buffet is a meer shadow of its former self. My wife and I were big fans before this weekend. If you want to try a good buffet do not go to the Bellagio for one. Honestly I'd rather have gone to Home Town Buffet then to have to sit through the Bellagio buffet. The service is nonexistent and the quality of the food has gone down the drain and into the refinement holding tanks. 

The only reason I can justify one star is because there is food there.笑
My number #1 favorite buffet in Vegas and one that I recommend to everyone I know. I love this buffet and everything they serve better than all the other ones in Vegas. Everything from their appetizers, to main entrees, to the desserts is spectacular. I am surprised they do not get as much recognition as they should. 

A perk of being a M Life Platinum member means skipping all the way to the beginning of the line. The line can get long with a 2 hour wait so I am grateful for being able to just breeze right through. I can not wait to come back and eat more!笑
Paid $35 total (tax + tip included) for a Sunday brunch.

To avoid any disappointment, I would make sure to be cautious of what your expectations for the food will be. Reading Yelp reviews made me expect delicious crab legs, lobster, macarons, and creme brulee. When I finally went, none of these existed, except for crab legs that were "okay" tasting, and served very very cold. After reading more reviews and using deduction, I believe the buffet price will fluctuate (up or down) depending on what specials they might serve at the buffet, and that it won't always have the same foods. Which is a bit disappointing, since you get excited over reading reviews or hearing about it from friends, and then if you happen to go during a different day or season, you might end up having different food served. That's my biggest disappointment with this place. It'd be great if they could straight up list the highlights of food served to justify the differences in prices.

As for the buffet itself, make sure you know how to pace yourself and make sure to go only if you like variety. There is a good amount of food to try, but if you are picky and/or don't like some of the selection, you're not going to get your money's worth unless you find the dishes you really like and stock up on those. I personally give this place 4 stars because I ate here for at least 4 hours and went out with such a happy belly.

Some food I really enjoyed (this was on a Sunday, some were for brunch and some were for dinner menu): prime rib, shrimp, spicy tuna handrolls, all sashimi and nigiri sushi, tortellini, bacon, eggs benedict, flan, cheesecake, chocolate mouse, banana french toast, seaweed, pesto mashed potatoes, wonton soup.笑
The buffets in Vegas are greatly over rated and have started to get pricey to the point that a fine dining meal is often a better choice.  The Bellagio Buffet is probably the most consistently excellent food for buffet style dining.  They have an excellent selection of high quality ingredients that few places can match.  The flavor and cooking isn't always where it should be but that is the trade off challenge with buffet dining.  The biggest negative is that the legend of this place precedes it so there are often long lines to enter this gastronomic experience.  I would certainly recommend you experience dinner here at least once in your life and you might make a habit of it on your subsequent Vegas visits.笑
I usually come to this buffet when I'm in Vegas because it is the best one on the strip from my past experiences. There was a good selection, just not too many things that I cared for this time I went.  Very pricey considering what I ate. I ate the usual suspects-crab legs and cocktail shrimp. The crab legs were very small and thin, maybe I got the bottom of the batch. The miso sea bass was good.  I filled mostly on creamed spinach and mushrooms. Big selection of desert, I tried most of them. The only ones that I liked were the creme brulee and vanilla ice cream, and better when I ate them together.  Food wasn't anything great,  but then again it is a buffet and got the job done.  Service was great-they took the plates away quickly everyone I got up and I had a new cup of seltzer before I finished the first without having to ask.笑
I ate here in Nov of 2009 and again earlier this year. The buffet really has gone down hill from when I use to go when it first opened.

The food was just okay and didnt think the shrimp, crap legs, and various meats were anything to write home about. And for about 30$ I think i would rather eat somewhere else where there is a menu and I can just order a few things from the menu and share with friends. 

The dessert was ok.

I am not coming back here.笑
Sunday brunch was $31 (including tax and 18% tip because I came with a party of 7), and the main reason we came was for the prime rib. It's really depends on what cut you get; my friend had part of the middle which was dry, but the BF had the side which was super flavorful and moist. He even got a little bit of fat which made it that much better. 

The other plus from the meal was the omelet station. We went for an egg white only omelet that was exceptionally good; I regret not getting a second. Other than that, nothing particularly stood out. I liked the broccolini, caesar salad, the glazed carrots, and the dessert (caramel flan). The french toast was really dry and the fish was overcooked. I do like the fact that there is a lot to choose from, and our server was very attentive which made the experience (slightly) better.笑
It was pretty good but nothing to write home about. If we had to do it over again we would probably review our options and try something different.笑
um, WYNN.笑
Great buffet. Would have liked wine to have been included for the price, but soft drinks/coffee/tea were. The buffet was gorgeous. Very high quality food. Lots of meat, seafood, vegetable, ethnic, and dessert choices. Not overly crowded at 5pm. Service from waiters not so great. They cleared plates well but did not refill water and tea.笑
ブランチとディナーの2回行きました。ディナーは平日ですが50分程並びましたが比較的スムーズに入れたほうなのかもしれません。メニューの種類は豊富で食べきれません。お肉を目の前でカットしてくれるのは良いです。ドリンクはオーダー制でもってきてくれます。蟹が人気でみんなたくさん食べていました。日本人からするとしょっぱいかも...笑
four stars for their buffet and the greatest dessert bar ive seen. however, I have not yet patroned the Wynn hotel and I've heard that one puts this buffet to shaaaaaaaame so we shall see!

crab legs crab legs crab legs alone deserves four stars.笑
we went there for lunch and i think the food was ok....
although i LOVEEEEEEE LOVEEEEEEE their corn soup and it was absolutely delicious i had two....
otherwise, i was a little disappointed w their selection of stuff....笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is the best I've had in Vegas and I've eaten at most of them.  Some may think that the $30 price for dinner is too expensive, but not for what you get.  I had Beef Wellington, Jumbo Shrimp, Alaskan King Crab, Chilean Sea Bass, Sausage & Peppers, Red Chicken Curry and for dessert I had cheesecake and tiramisu.  I was alone, so I just walked right up to the bar and skipped the line.  Best way to go if it's crowded and you have 2 people or less.  What a great experience, I had 3 plates and loved every bite.笑
This is THE best buffet in the world without a doubt. I absolutely love it. I recommend going towards the end of lunch so that you are charged the lunch rate, but are still there when they bring out the dinner dishes.笑
This review isn't about the most food, its about the choices. Being vegetarian this week I went in with expectations to only eating salad instead finding a vast array of choices. Not only were there many choices for me, the variety was well worth it. The layout of the buffet was nice and stations did not repeat themselves instead you have many more choices including the standards but the specialty was what made it perfect. 

The restroom is inside the premises so you don't need to venture off like most places fighting your way through the crowds in the casino to try to rush back. The service was a little slower than I would have expected but the personalities were great and didn't frown on my 3 drink choices (couldn't make up my minds).笑
Two words:  SEA BASS!

If you eat nothing but Sea Bass, like I did, you'll not only satisfy your palate but you certainly got your money's worth!!!  I believe they only serve it during dinner though, but it's worth the wait!  You know that saying, "It melts in your mouth like butter?"  "It" is their Sea Bass. 

The offerings at the Bellagio Buffet have always been solid.  Upscale but not overly pretentious.

My biggest tip:  Skip your ordinary food, such as the Orange Chicken and go for the higher end food.  This is the Bellagio Buffet, you can get your Orange Chicken fix at Panda Express anytime!笑
This was a fancy and pricey buffet, but we all enjoyed the food. I thought it was neat to see some gourmet foods even though I didn't eat a bunch of them. The fact that the sushi was being made right in front of you is a huge plus because you know it isn't prepackaged. I had 3 creme brulees for dessert, and they had a nice creme anglaise out for the bread pudding... YUM, way better than the bread pudding at Mandalay Bay.笑
Went for the lunch buffet while visiting the Bellagio. The spread was quite impressive, with many different types of food, lots of vegetarian options and tons of desserts. It was refreshing to find sugar free and  gluten free options as well as a variety of other decadent treats! It was totally worth the price for all of the amazing food they offer. 

I ate many different things, such as vegetable chow mein, a delicious chicken alfredo made with shells instead of penne, szechuan style green beans with vegetables, cheese pizza, cold orzo salad with sweet peas and a whole grain croissant that blew my mind. 

For dessert I tried peach and raspberry sorbet, a chocolate dome (similar to a mousse), a butterscotch cookie and a mini vanilla eclair. 

I know it sounds like I over-indulged, but I don't regret a thing! Vacation is meant to be enjoyed and this was an amazing start to my trip!笑
As a local, we come here a few times a year and we always enjoy the food. 
They have good variety and the prices are decent.笑
Usually the buffets are a 3-4 stars place. After going to an different buffet that I thought it's worth going to, that make it a lot easier to decided if this one is a clear winner. 

It was actually my first time to this buffet ever. Came here for some dinner on Friday night. The wait time wasn't too long unlike that other buffet I went to last night. The cost can be expensive, but what do you expect, it's a fancy buffet with almost nothing but adults. Not kidding at all.

Food: Gourmet Dinner on Friday and Saturday is so delicious. There are some great items they served like kobe beef, beef wellington, prime rib, some seafood, etc. Dessert were so good too. 

Service: Not bad at all. The server was very nice. No questions asked!!!

Cost: For Gourmet Dinner is $39.99/person. There's actually no kids pricing at all, since Bellagio has a very strict policy on children even with their parents being at the resort as non-register hotel guest.

Overall: Out of all the buffets I've been to, this one is a winner in my book.

I highly recommend this place to all my friends and family.笑
This is one of the best buffets on the strip.  It is definitely worth the money, and the variety offered makes it worthwhile for everyone to enjoy.  From the crab legs to the lamb to the sashimi to the pastas, we enjoyed every bite.  If you like your meat a little more well done, the chef will do it for you on the spot.  And make sure to save room for the desserts.  From sampled size shota glasses or desserts to the ice cream machine, we left extremely satisfied.笑
I was very hyped up about this place. I heard great things. Besides that, it's in the Bellagio so it has to be great. I will say it was good, but not great. Food was okay, selection was okay, but I must say, I expected more.笑
Originally went to Wicked Spoon for Christmas dinner, but the line was 3.5 hours long so we headed to the Bellagio.  Only about 15 minutes in line!  The rosemary lamb chops, sea bass, roasted goose, and beef wellington were all fantastic.  Caviar too, no complaints here.笑
If you want the best King Crab you'll ever eat, conveniently split in half so you don't need to deal with the mess of crab, do not miss out on this Buffet.

Go for the Sunday brunch, they've got everything, even a sushi bar. The sushi chefs will make you whatever you want, you just have to ask. Everything on the buffet is delicious, and the desserts are endless.

Great prime rib, and even Venison.笑
The crab legs were definitely bad, with an awful pneumonia taste when biting down on it.

Sadly, all the other food was excellent, but having some bad crab legs ruins the entire experience.笑
Frankly, this place didn't meet expectations. We had the regular weekday dinner, and I was excited to try kobe beef for the first time, but it didn't have all the tenderness that I expected. Still, I was willing to give them a pass on it until I ran into two other major problems:

1) Some of the king crab legs were really salty, and others were really icy. You could taste the ice crystals. Both of these factors distracted from the anticipated heavenliness of the crab feast, so -1 star.

2) The desserts were generally not that impressive. The cheesecake, tiramisu, chocolate cake thingy, and non-brulee portion of the creme brulee didn't taste right. While I eventually found several desserts that I enjoyed (the dark chocolate cone thing; the bananas foster, which seems like a flambe or just heated bananas with a sweet syrup that worked out; the peach sorbet and raspberry sorbet), I expected far better than hit-or-miss quality from this place.

Now for some dishes that I would recommend if you choose to try this place: bass, seared bluenose fish with the dark sauce, leg of lamb, shrimp and pesto pizza, the pastas, and oh man, the shrimp cocktail was absolutely spectacular. Still, I expected a lot more out of this place that many call the best buffet in Vegas, so I'm only giving 3 stars.笑
For $25 a person .... this was worth it! I wouldn't say it's the BEST buffet ever, but they have a huge selection and some stuff was really good!

I was also able to skip the line & get my free buffet from playing "My Vegas Slots"! woot wooooot. So I got 2 free buffets from playing the game lol. I had to get my M Life card from the desk but it was good! We got to skip the whole wait, which was amazing cause we really didn't have much time to wait around. 

They have really nice waiters / waitresses and they're very attentive. Even though we sat in the far corner, we still got their attention every 20 mins. Plus, there was also a huge selection to choose from. I really wanted to eat their pancakes, french toast and waffles but apparently they change it out around 12pm for lunch items! But omg, their spicy tuna hand roll was AMAZING. They have it laid out but you have to ask the lady to grab it for you, so don't be shy! I didn't know I can ask at first until I saw someone else had it on their plate haha! 

But they had an omelette station, and it was gooood. You can even ask for some salsa to top it off :) They also had eggs benedict but I really couldn't even eat that after the omelette ... sigh. But I would definitely come back here for brunch! Affordable & fulfilling! :) Thanks, Bellagio!笑
My dad loves going to the buffet and it has quite a good selection. We paid $16 dollars at that time for lunch which is not too bad.  Anyways you get a ton of food.  Yes I love the crab legs and I like the prime rib as well. I like the breakfast food. The sushi is not too bad as well. Definitely a recommendation to eat at the buffet.笑
Came here in December where they marked up the holiday pricing to $40 per person. The website said $21 per person. We decided to give it a go anyway after having spent a while in line...

The buffet was very meh. Definitely not what people made it out to be. The dessert was nothing special and tasted like your typical buffet food.笑
this is one of my favorite buffets I've every been too. price wasn't bad at all for Vegas. they have a wide variety of foods to choose from and it was all amazing.笑
Had the breakfast buffet for 2 @ 30$ per person. I would have liked drinks to be part of the package. 

Some of the items were good but they don't make any customizations at all. Food is already pre-prepared.

The ceviche and other seafood options were bad.笑
No, no, no, NOO!
garbage, garbage, garbage.

I don't understand why everyone is raving about this place-- it is really not good.
If you like flavor, you don't want to eat here. If your sober you don't want to eat here. 
If you value yourself you don't want to eat here.
Over priced, tastes like blahhh.

Nah. Just eat ramen for a quater okay, your drunk anyways. . .笑
We went to this buffet during the "holidays" so we were obliged to go for the brunch. Price with tip is about 40$ each person.
The prime ribs are amazing, service is good too, quick refills, plates changed frequently. Yet considering the Bellagio "classy" environment, the buffet quite mismatched, with the feeling of a mall food court.
Most of the offer was breakfast dishes, eggs, croissants, bread, ecc. Beside the prime ribs the valuables were smoked salmon and some swordfish. Sushi could be considered vegetarian given the almost absence of fish in it.
Good, yes. Maybe not worth 40$ and the fame it has..笑
Let me start by saying: Oh. My. God. I've never stood in line for one and a half hours for dinner before.

Moving on... My boyfriend is not a fan of buffets, but hearing that their Gourmet Dinner has Kobe beef, he was willing to try. The steak was very good for buffet standards (although for $40 you'd expect them to be good), you can choose medium rare or well-done, we had the medium rare and it was tender and juicy. The lamb was good too, but the taste is very strong, I was overwhelmed by the second slice. They also serve regular steaks and wellingtons.

The Mac & Cheese is AWFUL, totally tasteless. I tried a few pieces of each of their pastas and none of them tasted memorable. I went around a whole circle of the place and took a spoonful of most of the dishes they were serving and nothing really stood out to me (other than the various steaks).

Now, we must talk about desserts. Why? Because I love them, if you don't, you can skip ahead.
Cheesecake - oh so very good. It melts in your mouth and the flavor is so rich but at the same time it isn't overwhelming at all. Must try!
Carrot cake - standard, flavorful and not too much icing.
Tarts - there are various different tarts but I didn't quite like them. The Lime Tart is super sour.
Tiramisu - it tasted more like coffee mousse to me, but it's not bad.
Chocolate cake - very good! The chocolate flavor is very rich.
Caramel Pudding - the pudding was lacking taste, the caramel sauce couldn't really save it either.

All in all, I'm not sure we'd go back when we visit Vegas again (mainly due to the unimaginably long lines), but if you're a steak and dessert lover, this is a good place to go!笑
Large variety...

Duck was good...
Crab legs pre-cut but cold and not the best taste. 
Shrimp was wonderful!  Cooked perfectly. 
Stuffed veal had an excellent stuffing but a little overcooked. 
Lobster ravioli was bland.
Salmon nigiri...  I picked the salmon off the top. Some pieces were soft and fresh while others were blah.
 
All the desserts were sooooo good!  Probably the best part of my meal. So many wonderful choices!!!  I made a joke saying next time I go back I'm only having desserts!!

The food seemed a little average, but i guess they make up for that in variety.  The desserts were delicious tho!!!笑
The Bellagio is probably one of the most famous locations on the Las Vegas strip. Whether it is renowned for the amazing dancing fountains or the glamour from Danny & the boys from the Oceans 11 trilogy, the Bellagio is a must visit when travelling to sin city. 
However, if your hunger takes over in between poker hands, may I suggest a trip down the road??? The fact that it was the buffet at the Bellagio enticed us to line up to get in. After a bit of a wait (about 15minutes) we were in. The food was pretty sub-standard from the meat, to the sides & even desserts. Applebee's even looked good over this place. 
Then came the service. These waitresses  obviously get paid fairly well as they sure ain't pushing for tips. 
Please don't let the name of Bellagio entice you to enter the buffet doors, but if you must go, don't expect too much.笑
You are going to get an excellent plate or two of food here, absolutely no doubt about that. But, oh my, the price!

My recent Sunday brunch visit included prime rib, Eggs Benedict, chorizo sausage, peel-em shrimp on-ice and other more mundane breakfast odds & ends. 

However, gone are the golden years for this buffet (meaning when Steve Wynn was at the helm) ... even though it's still ranked among the top of the list in town. 

Back then, I recall Bellagio's Sunday Brunch offering exotic items such as bottomless champagne, Chilean sea bass and caviar, the latter intended to match the challenge of Bally's now-$90 Sterling Brunch. Prime rib and shrimp, quality eats for sure, but also pretty standard fare at most buffets in town. The Asian station had sweet-and-sour eggplant. Not sweet-and-sour chicken or sweet-and-sour pork, mind you. Eggplant. In fact, the only meat at the Asian station was the scraps of prime rib tossed into the fried rice, rather than spend on pork. Instead of Chilean sea bass you get, well smoked salmon, also standard fare. And now the bottomless booze is a $15 add-on.  

Which brings us to price. With tax, before tip, no booze, $36.79. That's a fancy plate dinner at a lot of nice venues. From that angle, this seems a lot to pay for what is largely an AYCE breakfast. 

And let us not forget the silent add-on: parking. Including my stroll of the property before Brunch, I logged 2 hours, 15 minutes inside the Bellagio. That added $12.00 in parking fees to my visit. 

NOW we are talking about a $75 Sunday Brunch, counting booze, tax, parking and tip. 

Hmmm, now let me just think about that.

***** Aside, on the topic of parking. ****

I am 99.9999% sure that, with the exception of corporate casino executives, every last soul in Vegas agrees that charging for parking is a bad idea ... and that charging LOCALS for parking is a D@MN bad idea. While locals don't comprise much of Strip traffic, they add to it. And they especially turn up off-peak, when it's most needed. Even Caesars' management (surprisingly) had the good sense to exclude locals. For most locals, these MGM parking fees are the deal-breaker, the straw that broke the camel's back.

And what do you get for these parking fees? Lil green LEDs guiding you to open spaces. Automated gates that read your plate and flip the turnpike up if you've paid. I salivate over such niceties I ache to have in my Vegas parking garage. LOL. 

One thing these fees apparently do NOT get you in a fully-automated, 21st Century, nuclear-powered parking garage is ... security. Just last month, a car in Bellagio's garage was left on jackstands, tires and wheels stolen. (And it happened at Caesars' Paris garage as well.) The MGM response: Park at your own risk. A risk they CHARGED you for and essentially FORCED you to take. Hey, what about that legendary "eye in the sky everywhere" $hit? Has anybody left the casino cage up on jacks recently? This would never happen in a valet garage with well-compensated car-runners but, of course, valets can't get tipped decently anymore given these fees in place, so quality & affordable valet will essentially go the way of the dinosaur. Enjoy your risk.

Such gouging is absolutely slamming tourist spend. $20-$40/day resort fees, the old 12% Room Tax, the new 0.88% "Raiders Stadium" Room Tax, the 9% Nevada Live Entertainment Tax, the 1.39% 6/5 Blackjack Tax ... and now a $15-$25/day Self-Park Tax. What management idiots could think all this won't tighten up visitors' wallets? And that slam will only lead to new styles of gouging, to keep the money flowing ... in the short-run. Tug on the teats of the cow every chance you get, spend as little as possible on cattle feed and, when the cow is down to skin-and-bones, cart the carcass off to the slaughterhouse to get the last dime out of it. Of recent, this kind of thinking (if it can be called that) has led executives to destroy once-highly-effective, profit-generating corporations time and time again. So no surprise this parasitic executive mind-set has now infected the Vegas Strip. Next time these casino execs have a conclave, they should be forced to hear a keynoter recite the fable of The Goose That Laid The Golden Eggs. Then maybe they would be able to figure out what their spreadsheets, financial statements and business-school thinkers cannot tell them.

***** Any-who, back to the buffet. *****

Despite it's rock-solid quality, at this price and given it's run-of-the-mill offerings, I sincerely doubt I'll be seeing this buffet again. If you are a tourist on the property, and your budget can tolerate it, have at, you won't be disappointed. 

Or thrilled.

But for me, if on the property again, and in dire need of eats, I will do with a single plate at Café Bellagio, next to the Conservatory Gardens - or perhaps nibbles at Harvest, next to the newsstand. 

To tide me over, until I can get off the property, and eat the same elsewhere ... and for far less.笑
Wow this was a tough place to review. I was in Vegas with my lady and decided that I wanted to eat one night at a nice buffet on the strip. I have tried many, including the ones at the Rio, Luxor, Ecalibur, and MGM so I went online and Goggled top Las Vegas Buffets. Many lists ranked the Bellagio as numero uno so I decided to give it a try. I admit they had some good dishes, but far from being number 1 in my opinion. 

I am going to do the math so everyone can see how I got to my 3 star rating. 

Bad: 

1. Crab legs were extremely dry and salty. 
2. Asian food had very few choices and the sushi tasted no better then grocery store deli sushi. 
3. Specialty salads had to be served by a person and came in little bowls, so really hard to sample all of them. 
4. Over all selections of food was small, unusual for a large buffet. 
5. Most importantly EVERYTHING WAS SALTY!!!!!! 

Good: 

1. Service was very good. 
2. Other then the saltiness of it you could tell the the food was high quality. Not opened from a can or jar. I tried some Asian noodles that were some of the best I had had. 
3. The crab legs were already cracked!!!!! Wow that was a huge plus, made it easier to eat them when you didn't have to work.....just sad that they were so salty and dry. 
4. A major plus that helped get this place back to 3 stars was the deserts. Very good selection and they were awesome. I almost at one point thought that they were good enough to come one night and just eat sweets. 

With all of that said, will I return....no, I am sure there are much better places out there to try. Next I will try the Wynn.笑
For those who want to see what kind of food that are served at Bellagio, I have recorded a Full Slow and Steady tour of Bellagio Buffet in crisp HD. This video was shot  couple of months ago. or go on YouTube and type "Full Delicious Bellagio buffet tour" and you will see my video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeixPh5mCI8

I had an opportunity of dining at Bellagio buffet for the second time. We ate for dinner during the holidays rush, so we had to pay close to $55 per person.

 This time was actually pretty good and had a lot of varieties of food to choose from. 

I have never had beef wellington before, I've only heard and seen it on Hell Kitchen, but man it was moist and good. 

They even had Pho. It was blend, but eatable. 

They even had Alaskan King Crab Legs, which is the most expensive crab legs out there. I spent most of my time, eating the King Crab legs and not the Snow crab legs since you can find snow crab legs for dinner at every buffet in Vegas.

I didn't get any sushi, but man, the lines were looong to get some made to order sushi roll.

Deserts were abundant. They even have Macarons. I saw one diner got a whole plateful of Macarons, I'm assuming they going to stuff that into their purse to take home.

Service was good. Server kept clearing the plates quick.

Overall, it was a pretty good dining experience.

Like I said before, if you guys want to see what kind of food are served at Bellagio, check out my video below or go onto YouTube and type "Bellagio Buffet" and you are likely to see my video on top of the playlist.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeixPh5mCI8笑
Hostess Marie
Is such a wonderful person
Treats everyone like family
Server Cynthia was right on 
Service 2nd to none
Manager Robert stopped to ask how
Our dinner was . Staff really cares
Top off by adding 
in the $12.95 for all you can drink
Prime rib lean tender you could cut with a butter knife - Kobe beef mmmm
Lamb chops and mint jellie
Roasted turkey that melted in your mouth
Sushi fresh custom made rolls
For desert there is too much 
A must when in Vegas笑
Oh how the mighty have fallen... I've never actually been to Bellagio buffet in the past, but I've always heard good things about the place. There was a line when we arrived but it was not too bad of a wait. I was a little surprised to see that the price was only about $30 for lunch when other buffets range from $40-60.. and this was on a Saturday! 

I shortly came to the realization of why it was priced so low as the quality and selection of food was very subpar. I had high hopes since Bellagio is a very reputable hotel and being so I thought the buffet there would hold up to it's reputation...  After 2 plates of not so memorable food I couldn't eat anymore. 

If you want a good buffet, I suggest Bacchanal in Caesars or The Buffet at Wynn. You'll be paying a bit more but its def more worth it. Bacchanal is now offering $30 brunch before 10am.

Sadly I can't say I will be returning to Bellagio's buffet anytime soon.笑
Came here for breakfast because a friend suggested it. Outstanding amount of food. They even had steak and an Asian station for breakfast. It was a bit pricey, but worth it.  A must try when your in Vegas.笑
It was really really disappointing. Nothing was tasty. Several things were inedible. Definitely not worth the money spent.笑
THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS... HANDS DOWN!!!!

For $29.95 per person, it's a complete WIN! No, not WYNN... but WIN!!!!!!!!!! Even on a weeknight, there's a line for dinner. This place NEVER seizes to amaze me. I could eat here everyday and I'd still never be bored or sick of the food. Here, you have BOTH QUALITY AND QUANTITY! The best of the best! I mean, they were featured on the Travel Channel for being one of the BEST BUFFETS in the WORLD! OMG! If you're planning on coming here, be prepared to stand in line. For dinner, it's usually at least 45 min depending how early/late you eat dinner. Even from the line, you could smell the aroma of all the yummy foods! 

My boyfriend and I ate here recently and we were there for a good 2 hours... AT LEAST!!! Yup, we were eating THE WHOLE TIME! First, we started with the crab. Here, they have BOTH snow and KING Crab. The snow crab is located on the left side of the buffet, near the sushi island. The king crab is on the other side of the buffet, where the salad and fruits are. What's great about this place is that they'll reheat/resteam the crab for you if you'd like. All you have to do is stand in front of the area where you order a seafood crepe and ask them to reheat it for you. They'll boil some water, put your plate of crab legs in, and give you a nice HOT plate of crab legs. That's the BEST! 

Sushi, here, is good! They have sashimi and nigiri and the yummy seaweed salad. This buffet also has different kinds of cooked fish like salmon, sea bass, etc. There's an asian selection of foods included pork steamed buns, thai inspired pan fried noodles, fried rice, chinese broccoli with garlic, and other stuff. They have a variety of soups like corn chowder, chicken noodle soup, miso soup, chili, etc. They have a salad, bread, fruit section. They also have a gourmet pizza section. OMG! I absolutely LOVE their pesto and shrimp pizza. IT'S DELISH! Their margherita pizza's good, too! They also have the section devoted for the carnivores! Prime rib, lamb, chicken, and turkey are always waiting on the cutting boards with their juices oozing out. Their mashed potatoes are yummy. They have sauteed mushrooms, pastas (like ravioli, spaghetti, tortellini), and cocktail shrimp. 

The dessert area is awesome. They have bread pudding, bananas foster, sorbet, ice cream, creme brulee, tiramisu, cheesecake, carrot cake, flan, and so on and so forth. 

All in all, this is where I think you get your money's worth for a buffet. The staff are always super friendly and the atmosphere is just so relaxing. The decor is pretty, and the food is always fresh!笑
Fantastic! Be prepared for a true feast while you are waiting in line. We expected to wait as it was a Saturday brunch scenario. The surroundings were 5-star along with the service. The server was very attentive and friendly. We also ordered the all you can drink Bloody Mary's which were fabulous. The buffet had more than enough breakfast items (made to order omelettes) and a wonderful carving station which include spit fired roast beef and turkey. The sushi portion was fresh along with a chef that created spicy tuna rolls made to order. The smoked salmon corner was ideal for lox and cream cheese. The Asian experience was excellent as well that included spicy noodles. The peel and eat shrimp was impressive.The assortment of fresh pastries was extraordinary!
All in all, the price was worth it and the the quality of food is out of this world.
I will be back!笑
After all the hype and raves, I have to say that the Bellagio dinner buffet (our first meal in Vegas), was a big disappointment.  I felt that the food selection was a little weak and the flavors and quality on the low end of the scale.  The only thing that made up for the lack of good hot food was the amazing dessert bar, which featured some insanely good desserts.

Honestly, I can't remember much of what I had, because most of it tended to be over-cooked.  The only thing that was really good was the fresh lamb/beef gyros, which were carved straight off the rotating, vertical spit.  Unfortunately, the meat was ready only every 10-15 minutes (an eternity at a buffet) and there wasn't much of it each time they carved it.  You had to be fast, or the meat would run out.  Extra points for having mini-pitas and a full bar of condiments, such as sliced tomatoes, lettuce, tzatziki, and crumbled feta cheese.  I also appreciated their sushi bar, which had tuna poke and tuna sashimi, which was fresh and very good.    

Bellagio's carving station offered a large variety of meats, from the standard prime rib and lamb to more "exotic" fare, such as bison and beef wellington, which later turned into chicken wellington.  I tried the prime rib, the bison, and the beef wellington, all of which were lacking in flavor.  The prime rib was a tad overdone, even from the center, and the seasoning, which made for a good tasting crust, didn't penetrate to the center of the meat.  The bison and beef wellington were both tough and over-cooked.  It was my first time trying bison and while I think it had potential, it was just too tough for me to enjoy.  Likewise, the beef wellington, which had a good pastry crust, was too dry.

And now for the desserts, which were all delicious.  The creme brulee, which I had 3 of (yes, I know, I'm a pig), came with a perfectly crisp, carmelized crust, which I delighted in cracking with my spoon.  Delicious.  Next up was a key lime pie - it was deliciously tart and smooth.  Likewise, the lemon meringue pie was amazing, with a nicely browned meringue on top.  There were other desserts as well, all of which were good, presumably because the man behind Jean Philippe Patisserie is overseeing all the desserts at the Bellagio.

All in all, an okay buffet.  The desserts were outstanding, but the other foods were a disappointment.  If you can eat $35+ worth of pastries and perhaps nibbles of sushi, gyro, cocktail shrimp, and pasta, then Bellagio is the place to go.  Otherwise, for a more complete, overall Vegas buffet experience, I would head out to the Wynn, Paris, or Mandalay Bay.笑
Not terrible.  Luckily, we got two buffet passes for free using MyVegas, so we can't really complain too much.  We came here for lunch on a Tuesday, and the line wasn't too terrible.  We were very entertained, however, by the family of four who tried to cut us in line and then threw an absolute SHIT FIT when when they were told to get back in line and wait their turn like the rest of us.  We got to laugh at them and walk to our table while they screamed at the poor cashier. 
   The food itself was...okay.  There weren't a ton of great options, and nothing really stood out to me, but nothing was inedible.  I went back for turkey, mashed potatoes, and gravy more times than I care to admit, but everything else was just meh and I was content with just a small taste of the other dishes.  The best part was that we arrived close enough to dinner time that we were able to wait a little bit for them to bring the crab legs out.  In theory, the crab legs were available at 4 for us to go up and get some.  In reality, however, the crab leg line turned into a full on pit fight right at 4pm.  We were there a couple of days before Mayweather-Pacquiao, but I guess the other buffet patrons didn't want to spring for Pay-Per-View and decided to have their own boxing match when the crab arrived.  People were pushing and shoving, cutting line for crab legs.  We decided to sip our drinks and wait for the carnage to clear,and then went up after about half an hour to get some crab legs.  And I will say, the legs were delicious!  They were nice and fresh, and it was awesome to have them split down the middle.  If you go over to, I believe, the Asian food section, you can hand them your plate of crab legs and they'll steam them up for you.  Pretty cool. 
     The turkey, mashed potatoes, and crab legs were the highlight of the meal. I'd come back here if we had free passes and made sure to come near crab leg time, but I don't think we'd pay to eat here.笑
Bellagio Buffet overall has 4-star food...but for a buffet I consider it a 5-star buffet given it is MUCH cheaper than Bacchanal ($38/person as opposed to $57/person) and the food here for the most part is pretty darn good. Service usually isn't great at buffets but we had excellent service here. Waited about 1 hour and 20 minutes in line before we got seated on a Wednesday night. 

Crab legs gaLORE! Although I found it strange how some of the crab legs were left whole and some were cut in half. Unfortunately there were a mixture of good legs and bad legs...but the majority of them were good and sweet. My fellow cheap Asians are always crowding around the crab legs. It's a little irritating when one person holds up the line by standing there for several minutes being picky about her legs. 

Prime rib was so on point I got 2 servings. The pizza was surprisingly really good...I'm ashamed to say I ate 3 slices when I could have saved room for other things. Bellagio Buffet has a much wider selection of pastas compared to other buffets I have been to. I really enjoyed all the pastas on top of my 3 slices of pizza. I definitely carb loaded here. 

The Chinese section was mediocre. Very average dumplings...and I would pass on the wonton soup. Japanese/sushi section had much higher quality raw fish than Bacchanal! I was very pleased with the hand rolls, ahi poke, and salmon poke.

The desserts were so cute and delicious. Flan, creme brûlée, eclairs, SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM, and so much more! I'm just a huge fan of soft serve ice cream and prefer it over gelato.笑
Everything was perfectly fine, the servers, staff, food etc.. BUT.. this seems to be latino cashier with glasses on in front had really bad attitude which made me almost turn around and not wanting to be back here ever again. I mean, i understand she has to deal with so many people in a day, but it's unfair for customers to be treated like they are unwelcome.笑
As a buffet aficionado I've read and heard about the Bellagio's buffet but had somehow never made it there. 

Well, after grazing dozens of of other buffets (when did they stop being called smorgasbords?) throughout my life I made it to this one last week.Was it the best ever? Nope. It came in second place (first goes to Wheeling Island Casino in West Virginia). But second out of some 50 to 60 buffets is pretty good.

This buffet did all the regular fare that any buffet should do. You know, the ice cream machine, the heaping helpings of shrimp cocktails, the fresh baked breads, the carving stations and the Asian fusion station and pizza platters for the kids (why they're at a casino in Las Vegas I'll never understand, but I digress).

What sets this buffet apart is the extras. The extra selections you don't find elsewhere and the extra steps on the items you expect.

This is the only place I've ever had Steak Tartar at a buffet. The "peeled and deveined" shrimp, the Ahi salads, the fresh sushi and a very nice nicoise salad are examples of items that are rare at any buffet but fit in well here. The carving station had Prime Rib that seemed to alternate between Medium Rare and Medium Well with each new roast they brought to the board. A very nice touch. The leg of lamb was very well prepared as well. Also, all the usual accoutrement were available, such as fresh au jus, horseradish sauce, milled mustard and mint jellies. 

The King Crab Legs were a nice size and pre-split but I was somewhat disappointed that they were served cold. Drawn butter was available but it's still not the same, you know?

Though it was a small item I raved about the soft pretzel rolls on the bread bar. A small round puff of Philadelphia soft pretzel flavor was simply the best bread I've ever had. Somehow I kept nibbling on this item all night long.;)

As is the case with every buffet (and I mean every one) the dessert course was easily the least impressive. With 5 of us at the table we managed to get a sample of every dessert offered and only 3 items got a thumbs up from the table mates. My favorite was the chocolate raspberry cone but others liked the key lime tort and chocolate mousse cake.
We went at 7 p.m. on a Wednesday night and walked right in. Service was fine and the atmosphere was passable but don't go for those reasons. Go for the food.笑
So i've had this buffet at least 4-5 times and once for Breakfast and I've NEVER LEFT DISAPPOINTED.

This buffet has everything, from Kobe Beef, Lamb Shanks, Sushi, Fried Rice, Crab Legs, Pizza, EVERYTHING!

There is different pricing for Friday-Sat than Sun-Thurs, but I believe its about $10 difference. Their breakfast buffet starts at 8am (i think).  The service is very good. The waiters are at your table asap and get you drinks very quickly.  

Before I go to this buffet, I do long day of fasting and prepping so that I can fully stuff myself, and everytime I can't seem to eat everything.... I'll try next time笑
the buffet was quite a feast.  There was crab, kobe beef, sushi, a whole counter of desserts, a large selection of pastas and pizzas, a large variety of meat, including elk, lamb, and even ostrich.  

My friends and I were fatties and we sat here playing keno and eating for 4 hours because we wanted to pay for lunch and wait until dinner (where the good stuff comes out).  The staff was wonderful, they refilled our drinks, held conversations, the keno girl was super friendly and helpful and took care of us even though we were playing small and not winning much. (haha) it was a great buffet experience where all my friends got to kick back, eat some great food and be taken care of.

I would definitely come back again. I loved this place!笑
The line is always long. Luckily, i always go to the VIP line. Overall food was good. The crab leg is not that great. But if you want to go there for dinner, you need to try the sea bass and cod. It's worth for the money.笑
Bellagio is actually my first Las Vegas Buffet experience and I was very happy and beyond full after my brunch experience. The buffet comes with free soft drinks/beverages so I loaded up on fresh squeezed orange juice and coffee and they are of surprisingly good quality. The brunch also has tons of king crab legs, roasted lamb, prime ribs and tons of desserts. It is about $36 a person so after tax and tip it comes out to just north of $40. 

To be fair, not everything here is top notch. They have excellent king crab legs as they are fresh and never seem to run out. The prime ribs are pretty good although I did not taste it myself. The roasted lamb has great flavor but is a little tough for my taste. I am more of a medium rare type of girl. I really enjoy their fresh custom made omelet. The things that are mediocre are their dim sum and sushi. There are not a lot of varieties. 

Dessert section is where I loaded up and found some of the cheese cakes and flan to be very delicious. The cookies and macarons are well made too as well as their bread pudding. There is also soft serve available if you have the stomach for it still after all the entree. 

Overall, it is a solid buffet with tons of fresh dishes to eat and desserts to satisfy your sweet tooth. I would love to try other ones to compare more.笑
My first buffet in the "Sin City" was an overdose of fabulous and decadent indulgence of my tastebuds in a luxurious environment. Not that I haven't dined in places like this before in other major cities of the world but this is Vegas with all the frivolities one can be exposed to. This place gave me my earlier high-end taste to Vegas' gastronomic experiences on the buffet aspect of it.

Quality at its best with live action cooking by chefs done in their cooking stations. Cuisines popular to world palates of Italian, Asian, Seafood, American, Japanese, Chinese, French, with Soups, Salads, Beverages, Vegetables, and Desserts that are all prepared and presented in exquisite settings. Some of the food presentations seem like window shop decor. The dining room is spacious. Servers are hospitable and timely service. Of course, what comes with this is the median expense to this type of dining establishment. Nevertheless, you can be rest assured of a fabulous dining experience.

The dinner buffet I had was tremendously received well by me. Luckily, I had no wait in line. Was I early? Not. I guess, everyone got seated before me. I dined alone yet I never felt "lonely" in my table and seat. As I got a table and seating in the center of the dining room next to the bar, the bartender had me conversing with him from time to time. My food server was also attentive enough to take some of her time to speak with me. Both were attentive but not diverted in their attention to their other duties. Otherwise, even if their company was not sufficient, I had no feeling of being alone. Dining alone in the past is not a strange endeavor for me. Even if they haven't spoken to me, I was definitely entertained by the glorious meals I have chosen to have:  New England Clam Chowder, Creme Brulee, Vegetables, Bread Pudding, Rack of Lamb, Layered Chocolate Cake, Salmon Nigiri, Duck, Crab Legs, and Venison to name some I partaked on for my dinner. Vast array of desserts and pastries were dizzying to choose from. I didn't hesitate to grab a Capuccino Mousse to have for the last of all the dessert I had before it. A glass of red wine Merlot and white wine Pinot Grigio were my beverages of choice for both my meat and seafood tastes. To mention, chocolate-covered strawberries as one of my chosen "appetizer". 

The buffet fine dining in Vegas. Buffet max, Fabulous!
http://www.bellagio.com/restaurants/the-buffet.aspx笑
Had lunch there today. Line was longer than I have seen in about five years. A twenty minute wait, but everything was top notch, as usual. Four of us were $100 before a tip.笑
I had dinner here with the hubby and we were both so stuffed that we couldn't move. The variety at this buffet is so vast that there's something for everyone. We got here around 5:00pm and the line was already so long. Luckily, I'm a MLife member and we were having dinner on one of their promos, buy one get one free. The great thing is that you get to go to the front of the line, if you're going as one of their guests. No waiting in line for us, as we were seated in five minutes. $34.99 for the both of us, not bad at all.

I was surprised to see so many entrees offered. The one item I did not see was the King Crab. They only had Snow Crab which sufficed. It came chilled but you could ask for it to be heated up. I just ate it cold and didn't have a problem with it. I also ate a ton of sushi and poke. I was surprised to see it at this buffet. Everything that I ate was fresh. The fish was firm and translucent. I made sure to save room for a piece of Peppercorn Crusted Prime Rib. I ate it with their Horseradish Cream and Au Jus. It was tender, juicy, and just phenomenal. 

My hubby doesn't eat red meat or seafood. He loaded his plate with green salad, pasta, chicken and turkey dishes. It's not the items that I would have gone for but whatever floats his boat. 

Lastly, I had the desserts. I ate six different items. That was the main reason why I couldn't move afterward. All the desserts that I tasted were on point. The best one out of the bunch was the Green Tea/Mango Panna Cotta. I wish I could have snuck some out with me. 

The service was slacking. The server came and took our drink orders. He brought out our drinks and was never seen again. Someone else cleared our dirty plates. At this buffet, you pay and tip before you go in, so when you're done eating, you just leave.笑
I was exited to try this buffet what a disappointment. 

Sushi - Rice was hard and fish not fresh

Kobe Beef - Just tough and chewy. I could not finish it.

Braised Short Ribs - Salty 

Spring Rolls - Hard and I could not chew them

Pork Buns - Dry and salty

I will just stop there. It was a a huge disappointment. Nothing really stood out and wowed me. This was my last Vegas buffet. My best meal this trip to Vegas was 
Jack In The Box when I was leaving town. If you offered me this buffet or fast food I would go with the fast food.笑
I remember going there a couple of years back and being BLOWN AWAY by the food here. We're talking transcendent, metaphysical, God-spake-from-the-cloudtops kind of experience.
I was just there for brunch last weekend and it was more like a Presbyterian service. Nice, but the heavens didn't exactly open up.笑
You'd think a place like this would get it right. Nope. I only went to the 20.00 breakfast buffet. Apparently they have no busser in the floor from 7 to  9:30ish at the busiest time. The waitresses are expected to clear and serve. When I came in i had to wait on a booth bc there were so many dirty tables. Too many to count.  Asked a manager why are there so many dirty tables and she'd just say I'll take care of it....  and to top it off. Lukewarm food.笑
Not as great as it used to be. We stay in a suite at the Bellagio just so we can get a front of the line pass for the buffet. The selections are fewer than last time we were here. You can't eat here everyday because you are bored so quickly. It would be nice if they changed some options each day. The vegetables and side dishes are severely lacking. And the dessert station is a complete disappointment. There isn't one dessert that I liked. Why do they have an ice cream machine instead of real ice cream? My husband loves cheesecake but stopped after one bite. There isn't one good chocolate dessert. And the hot options are of the lowest quality. We went over to Caesar's buffet and we were blown away. There are many more choices and much better quality food. Their dessert station is fabulous. I loved their pastas and sweet potato bites. The Bellagio buffet is a bit boring. I am sitting in my suite right now trying to decide where to go eat breakfast. I think we will walk over to Cosmos or back to Caesar's. What a disappointment.笑
Obviously there is going to be a lot to choose from and it's all going to be something exquisite. Yes it will cost more and sometimes the lines are going to be ridiculously long. 

What I love about this place is that if you went to a nice restaurant and can't decide what to eat. Here can have it all ! If you just want to try something you can do it here. Here is where you can get all your answers. 

I like to get a little bit of everything here and try almost everything they have to offer. I love the desserts here. Awesome.笑
After eating here a couple times I've realized I'm a quality over quantity type of eater..   The food here really isn't THAT good.. I think this place lives on hype alone and people's fear that if they don't load up their plates they won't get their money's worth. The one thing here that they do right though is their desserts..  but I'm not into the idea of paying $35 and waiting for an hr for above average desserts. 

The thing that happens to me EVERYTIME I go there is this : some old asian ladies in front of us at the snow crab line take EVERY snow crab leg for their table of 50 thereby having everyone behind me stare at ME with eyes of murder thinking I know her or am somehow related to her.笑
I love a good Vegas Buffet... it's a staple that you need during your weekend or weeklong bender. It's the cure for a hangover. It's also a great way to fill yourself up when you're not sure what you even want to eat. 

When I go, I always have what I call "The Noah's Ark" - as you can imagine, this is where I put two of every animal in my belly. 

Bellagio is one of my favorite Buffets. I like Treasure Island and Mirage buffets as well - wasn't too keen on Aria's. Some of the best buffets can be had outside of the strip, but we're here to talk about Bellagio...

This casino is beautiful - the walk to get the the buffet is pleasant - we usually travel past the garden that they change seasonally. It's touristy, but it sets the mood. I also appreciate that the Bellagio casino doesn't smell as overwhelming of old lady perfume and cigarette smoke as others on the strip.

The line for this is INSANE if you show up during peak hours - here's a tip - after you check out, have your hotel hang on to your bags and get some shopping done or have a nice walk before heading over there. If you go between 10 and 2, you're waiting at least an hour. 

Either that or bump your mlife card up to a pearl or higher to cut the line. Gamble, gamble gamble...

Half the time I"ve been here, it's been amazing - 5 star all the way... the other times, it has been merely a 3 star experience. Mirage is more reliable, but not as good when both are at their best.

If you've never had a Vegas buffet, this is a solid pick to be your first. If you're a veteran to it, you should really give this place a try as well.笑
SOOO good.

We went for lunch and dinner! The dinner wasn't all that much better than lunch but it was more than double the price!

The selection of everything was amazing, prime rib, crab legs,beef wellington, lobster ravioli's, new york steak, all the best of everything! On top of the amazing food the dessert section was DIVINE. They had like 25 of the cutest mini desserts and literally all of them were amazing! 

I picked up a tiny bit of almost everything and took just one bite of each thing, there was not ONE thing I didn't like!

I really recommend coming for lunch and not spending so much, the other perk is, you'll be so full that you won't need to eat again for the rest of the day! :]笑
Stipulation: to get any more than 3 stars as a buffet, you need to blow my socks off.  They stayed on.

That said, it was enjoyable, and the items that I did choose were done rather well :-)

Good points
* Server was quick to fill up the champagne glasses.  Thank you!
* Good coffee
* Wonderful smoked salmon and cod
* Nice cutlery
* They make spicy tuna hand rolls to order
* Shrimp was squishy


Not so great
* LONG wait (actually, the line moved quickly.  ~20 people once you got outside the twisty portion of the line (so, in front the casino floor), and it only took 45" and we were seated
* horrible ice cream
* desserts were "eh"
* Sterile atmosphere. I know, you're in Vegas, but you're also at the Bellagio, and I was just hoping for a bit more
* No crab or oysters :-(

No regrets; I would just choose to go a cafe next time.笑
What's the big fuss?  Had Thursday brunch/lunch and the place was just average.  Nothing special.  Absolutely nothing worth noting.  Just your run of the mill buffet joint.  I stayed at the hotel and the buffet certainly doesn't live up to the Bellagio name.  The chairs are a little old.  The booths remind me of an average diner.

Once upon a time, I've heard that this was THE best buffet in vegas.  I've heard of and have seen tremendously long lines at the entrance.  But save your money and time as this falls far short of those rumors.  The brunch buffet at Paris is far superior.  I obviously can't speak for the food that would be served at dinner, but the ambiance and decor isn't gonna change for the evening.笑
The variety on this buffet was better than any on the strip. I'm not talking about trays of food, but actual good tasting, quality food. You will find it is smaller than let's say the Ceasars or even the Rip, but what is there is worth it. From crab legs, prime rib, to caviar! The only thing I didn't prefer was the wait and hostesses. The wait was about 45 minutes when we went at 5-6, and the hostesses were cranky and b笑
Very disappointing!!!!! The food selection was small especially at the sushi station. Only California rolls and some simple sushi available. The dessert selection was sad. The service was not good at all. The lady who stayed at the sushi station basically just threw the spring rolls on my plate!!! I heard so much about the buffet here and was really expecting a good time. Turned out it was truly disappointing.笑
just so-so. We had holiday brunch here, the food was just average. Not worth 37 bucks! The service, on the contrary, was really good.笑
3pm Nevada time was 5pm according to my Wisconsin body, so the $19.95 lunch was dinner for me.   I would try to find something to nit-pick, but this is simply astounding value for $19.95.  The seared flank steak, thinly sliced at the carving station, was phenomenal - - an ideal cut of meat.  Unexpected favorites included the creamy herbed polenta,  the super-tasty pesto mashed potatoes.  The rotini with a bolognese sauce had classic bolognese flavor - - not just another meat sauce.  The raw tuna nicoise sald was great.   Incredible dessert selection.  Tasteful furnishings (sat at the nicely marbled bar - - a nice option with the constant drink refills a glance away - - and you might get seated quicker if you volunteer to sit there!).笑
This was my first time in Vegas and in this buffet to. What can I say everything was good but I saw better buffets in my life, nothing special for its price. Like regular buffet. I like sushi so there was only California roll and no more sushi at all. To expensive for less choice...笑
I love the Bellagio buffet! But I hate its waits! But i guess its worth it for what your getting. They have so many different options its nuts. I guess its worth the wait and the price! Just be sure to eat as much as you can cause it isn't cheap! 

The thing that I mostly love about their buffet is the meats and the dessert! I will always come back to the Bellagio buffet. Not to mention walking through there hotel is nice also. Very great ambiance and they have the largest chocolate fountain located inside the casino. 

If you want a spacious place to eat with your family and you don't mind spending a lot and eating great food! Come here because this place is supposedly one of the biggest and best buffets in the world.笑
I had been looking forward to trying this buffet after reading and hearing so many good things about it. We tried to go around 830pm on a Monday and the line was *massive* so we decided to try again the next day. We ended up going around 6 on Tuesday and had no wait. It came to around 70 bucks for the 2 of us.There was a pretty nice selection of food. The only stand outs for me were the pesto mashed potatoes and some cheese that had some kind of fruit in it. The prime rib was pretty decent but the Kobe beef roast was horrendous. It was tough as leather. They had some smoked fish selections that were pretty good. The desert selections were awesome. I went ahead and paid the extra 10 bucks for the all you can drink champagne. Our waitress was very attentive and my glass was promptly refilled. Overall it was pretty good at least I can cross it off my list of places I wanted to try. I would probably eat here again,  Would like to try their weekend gourmet selection someday.笑
Not only one of the best buffets in Las Vegas but also one of the best ever!
Less then $40 (including tax and tip!) per person gets you a high quality meal with endless options.

Favourites:
*KOBE BEEF!
*house-made sausage
*French macarons for dessert.

The Kobe beef alone is worth the price of admission.  It is listed as Kobe but even if it is actually American-bred Wagyu beef (a common trick) it is still a value as even Wagyu is high priced at most restaurants.  No fussy sauces or spices, just salt and pepper on the roasted meat, let the flavour of the beef shine.

The house-made sausages are grilled with peppers and onions to enhance their flavour but I like them alone.  They offered sweet and spicy versions on the night I went and both were delicious.

French macarons are one of those simple-looking pastries that are actually quite difficult to execute perfectly.  All the desserts were high quality but the macarons stood out to me.  These was pâtisserie quality macarons with the perfect amount of slight chewiness to the bite and no crumbling whatsoever.  Only strawberry was offered but they were perfect and would have been at least $2-$2.50 EACH at a French cafe.

This is a must stop for those Vegas buffet-lovers out there.  The only other buffet at this level is at the Wynn but theirs is slightly more expensive.笑
For this high price, the food is not even worth going back for a second time(probs a marketing strategy). I heard it's had better days many years ago. Anyways, I would recommend spending ~$40 on nice dinner rather than a heaping mess. On the bright side, the staff is very attentive.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is still one of the top contender buffet champion! Since the poor recession, a lot of the once great buffet places has find ways to skimp back on the food quality to stay in business! Before when I came to Vegas on vacation. The first thing I do is to sample all the great buffets LV has to offer. But now I only eat at a select few just to be safe. Don't want to call in sick from food poisoning after getting back from a vacation. Won't look good on future resume. Anyway! The food quality is still amazingly fresh and delicious. Customer services are excellent! Employees look happy and courteous to serve you. That's why I usually leave tips. Don't be cheap thinking you are not getting good service at a buffet. Some of the nicest servers or bussers I met at a buffet are much more professional than the ones at a five star restaurant, and you don't have to tip them like Donald Trump! So if buffet is your thing and you don't want to break your bank going to the more expensive buffets like Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal. Then The Buffet at Bellagio is your place. They have great selections like cracked or half-split Alaskan crab legs and sea bass. Great dessert and cheese selections. And they still honor the trick I learn from LV locals, go half an hour before dinner time and pay the lunch price to get dinner meal. Most buffets in LV has caught on or got cheap and stop serving between each meals. Some even have the nerve to tell you that they need to charge you dinner price because they are serving dinner soon. LV is still one of the top vacation spot I go to often to get world quality treatment! So please support the American economy by shopping and eating locally!笑
My husband and I ate here for Sunday brunch and we were very pleased. They had a large selection to choose from, and everything was quite tasty. One thing that we liked very much, was that they offer the option to purchase the brunch buffet with or without alcohol. So many other brunch buffets up their price on weekends and include unlimited alcohol. Since we don't drink, this is a waste of money to us, so I was glad to be able to purchase my meal without adding on a cost for drinks. 

We liked the variety of sweet foods and salty, breakfast and lunch. There were fun things like red velvet waffles. They had a made to order omelet station, an area with fruits and cured meats and cheeses, various side salads and salad bar, soups, a large array of muffins, danishes, breads and desserts, and of course they had the stations of different ethnic varieties.笑
It's really not that great for the price you pay. Concierge at Ceasars suggested we go here for dinner. Bacchanal is 2x big and has more variety. The only thing that was good here was the prime rib but they gave a slice meant for ants to eat. Also there's no fries or dimsum here! The dessert is dry but the tuna poke be good.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio breaths life into you like nothing else can.  Thank you for introducing me to pesto mashed potatoes.笑
Hands down the the best buffet anywhere.
All can you eat Fine dining. The king crab legs 
Are sliced in half easy to eat. The amount of choices is insane...
   You must save room for desert (which is hard to do) 
    I have tried all the other high end buffets in 
Vegas but always go back to this one.笑
I had high expectations for the Bellagio buffet due to the numerous amounts of people who say its one of the best buffets in town.  So we gave it a try. 

Wait staff: like most buffets, they come around and clean your empty plates, fill you drinks and answer any other questions you might have. So I wouldn't say they are the most friendliest since they are running around like mad. Our waitress was nice though.

Food: Well, this is were the review really goes down hill. The steaks tasted like poor cuts of meat or if the meat going bad. It was not tender. We tried the prime rib. This was not too bad. everything else was either bland, tasteless or dried out. One of my friends resorted to eating cookies and drinking milk to fill up.
The King crab legs were not very fresh tasting either.
The Bok Choy had bits of sand / sediment still lodged in its leaf. 
While we were there, at least 7-8 tables of people left within 10-15 mins of sitting down due to the disappointment of the buffet. 
I am truly sorry I could not give it more than 1 start for such a beautiful Hotel/Casino. Maybe it was an off day for the start or maybe they had food issues that transferred to our meal.

I highly doubt I will go back to give them a 2nd chance when there are other buffets in Vegas to try.

Price: At about $35 a person, its very expensive when you consider the quality of the meal

Overall: My advice is beware, it may not be as good as everyone touts it to be. Since you are in Vegas, you Will be taking a gamble on whether it will be good or not.

Good Luck and Bon Appettie.笑
Came here for Monday brunch and I was very underwhelmed. The line moved fast and it was about $32/person. We were seated very quickly and then we were off to look for our food. 

It seems like they had a huge variety of food. But none of them looked appetizing to me. A lot of the food, such as the cooked veggies, creamed corn, pizza looked cold and were not that fresh. I usually stay away from food that doesn't look good, because I don't want to get sick from eating it. The fish, turkey, New York strip were definitely over cooked and super dry. I ate one piece and just left it on my plate. The chicken was pretty good though, very moist and flavorful. 

There is a wide selection of desserts if you have a sweet tooth. My favorite was the cheesecake. 

There is a Coca Cola soda machine where you can make a unique drink for yourself. There is also a juice dispenser. Drinks are available on both sides of the buffet. The first juice dispenser we went to, our orange juice and cranberry juice came out tasting like water. Not sure if they keep track or check if the machine is full or not? The other drink station had orange juice tasting like orange juice. 

Workers were very friendly and attentive though. But if I'm going to be paying $30+ for a buffet, I wish that the food would've tasted better.笑
Outstanding buffet!!! Came here around 2ish and they still had a great selection of breakfast. Great eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce. So decadent. Great prime rib. Had it medium which was ok. The rarer the better I say, but it was still yummy with their horseradish sauce. Loved their shrimp cocktail and sauce. Their selection of pizzas were amazing too with very unique toppings. I loved it how their pizzas were thin crust. The desserts were wonderful too. My favorite buffet choice in Vegas next to Kravings at the Mirage :). Not too bad 25 bucks a person.笑
At $40 per person, I expect fresh, properly cooked and prepared food. The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated. Quantity and variety is there but quality is non-existence. The sushi section was especially disappointing.笑
Quick tips incoming!

1. This buffet is located in the center of the gaming floor in the Bellagio casino.

2. The line appears to move much more quickly than that of other buffets. So don't fret about a long line! Realistically it's a pretty short wait when compared to Bacchanal.

3. On the little island area next to the bar, there are several made to order dishes. You must ask a person to make you what is behind the counter! Don't hesitate to ask.

One thing about this buffet, that seems to have happened to my girlfriend and me was the fact that every time we went it felt like we were getting diminishing returns on our enjoyment of this place.

First off, I must say that if Yelp were to allow us to rate their level of service and the food, I would almost give it five stars. There have been some problems when we pay for our buffet from pretty shoddy and downright awful service. What I mean by this is, on a few occasions, the people who were taking our money were absolutely impolite. One time, we tried to charge our room at a different MGM resort. However, the lady taking the money was not having it since the system was not really working properly. She angrily told us to pay with a credit card or with cash or get out. 

Anyways, besides service problems at intake, the servers and bussers in the buffet area are always top notch. I have never had to complain about a server. They are incredibly efficient and thoughtful with your needs.

The second thing, that results in such a low rating then is that the food just isn't as good as it is every time we go. Like I said about diminishing returns, it seems that every time we go to the buffet the food gets worse and worse and more and more unappetizing. For example, we LOVED their prime rib. We couldn't stop raving about how awesome it was all the way home and to our friends. However, after our last few trips, we were so disappointed by the quality and dryness of the meat.

As for the desserts, it feels like the Bellagio is caught in some sort of timewarp. They are still trapped in the early 2000s where soft-serve ice cream is the norm for most buffets. I don't know why they haven't updated to gelato or at least scoopable ice cream.

Anyways, the Bellagio Buffet is still an iconic part of the Vegas strip! You should still try it out to see if you like it. Happy eating! :)笑
I'm not a big fan of buffets, since I can't eat all that much in one sitting... 

BUT the dessert selection totally makes up for it. The prime rib was pretty tasty, along with the seafood ceviche. 

This is probably my "second" fave buffet in town, but with long waits.. ugh.笑
I came for a sunday brunch. The desserts lead me on. 
It was like a Monet. They looked so delicious from far away, but up close they were just a mess. They didn't taste so good. 

But they did have PRIME RIB for brunch! OH MAN it was sooooo damn good. I ate tons of prime rib and bacon for brunch. The Chinese food looked iffy so stay away from that. But the breakfast items are good, and the spicy tuna handrolls are also decent. They're also pretty damn spicy. 

Top it off with $5 bottomless Mimosas. MMMM MMMMMMM MMMMMMMM笑
freebie night at the bellagio last night.  roomie had some holiday gift promo using the gaming points accumulated throughout the year  to "purchase"   gift items (  some sick gamblers in this town - several people used their points to get free BMW's and Harley motorbikes ! )

anyways, after all of 3 hours sleep awakened early to hit the buffet.  prior to today, never tried the breakfast buffet. $34 for some fried eggs, average king crab legs.  i don't think so.  nothing wow'd me and at $34 i should be wow'd by something !笑
We went for the breakfast buffet which is at $ 20. There was a queue outside but when we got in there were empty tables so don't understand the queue. The server was good kept topping up our orange juice regularly. The ambience is not so great though. There is an omlette live counter which is quite good n they have crabmeat and shrimp as toppings. There was also salads, pizza, softee machine, fruits etc. What we really liked were the omlettes, danish, almond croissants, turkey sausage,waffles. Most stuff was good. Pancakes weren't tat great though, there was a guy making them but I guess the backlog made them cold n not so fresh. The muffins were dry. Not bad overall though. Definitely worth a try.笑
Extremely overpriced for what you get. You end up paying nearly $50 if you get bottomless mimosas. That really isn't as great as it sounds. I'm sure their dinner is better. But their lunch selection is not all that special. Maybe it's because they serve a lot of breakfast foods, and I'm not a huge fan of those types of food. Their banana hazelnut toast was interesting and fresh, but a huge portion to say the least. Their omelets were fresh and made to serve so you can customize it in which ever way you'd like. I'd say my favorite entree there would be the bleu cheese pasta. But that was about it. Their soups were boring, salmon was dry, and chicken skewers looked cool but were really just cold and tough. I just felt like it was a dressed up hometown buffet.. nothing special. I probably could've done more with that $50 out on the floor of the casino because I didn't have much of an appetite for their food.笑
Eh, I don't know, I didn't find this buffet any special or different from any other buffet in Vegas. Yes, it was good, tons of variety, but I can't say it was memorable (other that the dry sushi which wasn't very tasty). Omelet bar was cool, yummy crab legs, cool little coffee and hot cocoa machines. But the line is incredibly long and it just wasn't so great. 

I'd say go once if you really want to, but don't out of your way to make a stop.笑
Worst buffet ever. Bellagio is one of the most good looking hotels but the buffet is the worst ever. It smells like a butcher, raw old meat smell, very old everything and nothing taste good.笑
We waited an 1-1.5 hrs in line. It was 35/person. Food was pretty good. Better than some others we went to but I don't really think it was worth it. Beautiful deserts笑
The  Bellagio buffet was $43 per person that includes drink Alaskan King crab oysters calamari squid all Italian dishes prime rib you name it it had it and it was first class and everything you could Ask for everything taste great I tried get my hands this was on a Friday night it's expensive to starve your self for the day and take it all and I saw people with piles of Alaskan King crab on their plates mmm good笑
Eh.... I could've done without this brunch experience. There was a lot to choose don't from but the options were underwhelming and the food was bland. Lots of frozen seafood and meat, no chicken and fresh fruit. I'm giving this two stars for the fresh fruit options. The fruit was tasty and in season otherwise I would not recommend.笑
Honestly speaking this buffet is over rated! The food are ok nothing special.  I can pay less and have the same taste.  Over rated
Chinese food fried rice, vegetable chow mien nothing else.  Taco taste like cardboard.  The sushi are just left over standing for a long time sushi staff are keep on chatting to each without checking the quality of food at there stations.  Prime Ribb very very simple no taste,  kobi beef is hard as a rock.  Please do not expect anything special with this buffet.  Travel channel featured Bellagio the main reason I tried but I was disappointed.  Food is ok nothing special.  Paying $38.92 is not worth the price maybe $15.99 to $20.00 is reasonable.
Bellagio - do better next time because I will never eat there again.  Travel Channel I will email you as well.
Important:  Post a Sign!
Before you center the buffet there is no post sign saying limit your dinning experience to 2 hours.  Only after you pay and check your receipt about time limit.  And they expect you to pay $38.92 weekdays for 2 hours!  This is totally Crazy!
The main reason for a buffet is to eat and take your time and chat with your friends and loves one.  
My Proof my receipt!笑
If I died and went to heaven, this is what I'd find beyond heavens gates as far as food is concerned. The food is absolutely amazing. If its being served at the time you come, you absolutely have to try the pesto mashed potatoes!

Everything served is high quality/gourmet. I've eaten at most buffets on the strip and this one has been and still is #1. 

If you want a less expensive option, or don't care about quality and just want a large selection with average quality for cheap, then stroll right across the street and try the Flamingos Buffet. 

Don't come to the Bellagio unless you want to spend more and eat classy. ;-)

PS- they also have a bar inside to sit at if you don't want to sit at a table or booth.笑
One of the best buffets I have been to in Las Vegas.  crab legs, claws, muscles, prime rib, seafood And Italian.  Not including dessert.笑
It's not worth the price if you're going for the crab, (snow or king).  You'll be disappointed in the quality.  I know crab, and I've had worse, but I expected better.   I rated it a 4 only because of the desert selection, which was very good.笑
Kobe beef was rather dry seems like it might have sat out for awhile with buffets food is not exactly made to order fresh but all in all I thought it was an OK experience I definitely enjoyed the food笑
At first I thought I am spending more than it deserves , but after getting in, mingling around and eating. I was totally happy with the quality of food, drink and desserts.  It really did worth my money and time. Trust me after you do your research you will see it is the highest rated buffet in Vegas.

Enjoy your stay and food.笑
What happened to Bellagio buffet? 

Bellagio used to be my favorite Las Vegas buffet. My last visit was a disappointment. The selections were limited, the flavors weren't there and the quality was bad. 

I would rather pay more $ and get better quality food.

Good bye Bellagio Buffet.

2 stars!!

The Buffet Bellagio is not yummylicious!!笑
i came, i waited in line forEVER, and the food was blah. and expensive.


nope..笑
DELICIOUS!

Although the prices are always outrageous, we always make a point to come here every time we're in town. The variety is always great, and there's always just that one ingredient that's out of the ordinary that you never would have tried in a different setting. I love that they offer bonne maman jams for the breads for breakfast, and bonne maman honey if you request tea. It's the details that count. 

The waiters and waitresses are always nice, and make an effort to keep your table as clear of plates as possible. They also try to refill your drinks even if it's still almost full! However, their servers (especially those that carve meat) aren't so nice.They always have a grumpy face going on. IDK why, but it makes me want to avoid those areas. 

Their creme brulee is yummy, and their tea presentation is just so cute. The variety of desserts isn't huge, but what's there is quality. Bellagio... keeping up their good name by keeping their buffet great.笑
Very impressed.  Very expensive. I am gluten intolerant. The chef came out of the kitchen and walked me around the entire buffet,  and showed me every item that was gluten free, non cross contaminated,  and even went to the back to provide me wh chicken soup prior to adding the noodles. A fresh gluten free pizza was made for me as well in the back. Thank you.笑
Fancy buffet food.  Crab legs, ahi tuna and salmon sashimi, steak tartare, lamb shanks, beef wellington, kobe beef sirloin, leg of lamb, seafood ceviche, large shrimp cocktail, salmon chowder, prime rib, quail, venison,  ... the the list goes on...

We loved this dinner buffet.  It's around $35 per person.  Not cheap, but you get gourmet all you can eat food!

The desserts are insane!! We tried as much as we could until we could no longer breathe because we were so full!

We ate here on a Sunday night and it was packed.  We had to wait in line for around 20 minutes until we were seated.  We enjoyed the food and may come back again the next time around.

Wynn buffett was also good, but we prefer this one! 

 Definitely a must if you are looking for a quality but pricey buffet.笑
I was wondering what all the hype was about this place, so I decided to give it a shot. For $30 a head, it better be worth the meal. We waited about 5-10 minutes, as we arrived at around 9:00pm.

Admittedly, it was better than Todai, but that doesn't mean anything really...considering Todai is catering more towards the Asian style.

The orange juice, out of the buffets I've been to, was the best. However, I am still overall disappointed with American orange juice, it has that bitter taste I don't like.

The food itself, however, was average. Average does not cut it for a place that's $30 a head. The crab legs ranged from delicious (sweet) to disgusting (unbearably sour), depending on luck I assume. The Manhattan Clam Chowder felt more like Manhattan Chicken Chowder; I couldn't taste any resemblance of clams in the soup.笑
WOW. This buffet was incredible.

We'd had a fairly late lunch so ended up getting to the Bellagio (after several recommendations) about 9.45pm for the late sitting. We had to wait about 10mins before we were seated. Interestingly enough we had a couple tell us to not bother on their way out. They seemed disappointed. We decided to go with it nonetheless, as we were tired and wanted to eat!

After being seated we grabbed out plates and went to investigate. What range! There is so much to suit all tastes.  I'd had a seafood urge all day so grabbed a plate full of great cold and hot fish and seafood optionis including crab leg, sushi, bbq cod, risotto etc. It was all tasty and fresh. They had great dimsum too, albeit just one type of dumpling.

Where I was truly blown away by this buffet was the meat options. We went all out and between us we had beef wellington, rack of lamb, beef brisket, steak, duck, turkey, roast beef and chicken. I'm sure there were other options too.

Highlight of the buffet for me was the duck combined with the sweet potato mash. Incredible.

I'd recommend going later if you don't have huge plans for that night. We seemed to have a much greater range of options than suggested by other reviews and we didn't have to wait long at all.笑
I was definitely shocked by the quality of food at this caliber of a hotel. We ate here for dinner and arrived at 9pm on Easter Sunday. The place was packed and service was incredibly good.

The food however was terrible. I kept going back for different items, hoping for something quality. All I found were the lambs chops.

The fish was very dry, the salads had soggy lettuce, the side items were all very weak.  

I'm upset that the wicked spoon was closed early for Easter Sunday, because this bellagio buffet really just seems aged, tired and ready for retirement.笑
This was my first Las Vegas buffet, and I was expecting to be wowed. However, I was not. I think I was expecting more artful presentation and exotic flavors; I got some good flavors and generic presentation. The food was good, not great, and their vegetarian options are dull.
Perhaps my opinions will change after I've experienced a few more buffets.笑
SOOOOOOOOOO good! and well worth the wait :) The line didn't look too bad when we showed up around 5:45 on a Sunday but the wait was still about an hour long. 

i loved that the desserts were itty bitty so I could try them all! Loved the cheesecake. 

The sushi rolls were alright, but if you've been to a sushi place with good rolls before- I'd skip it. 

The lamb was great, w/o any of that lamby smell at all, lobster ravioli was deeeeelicious, manhatten clam chowder was good as well. I only wish I could have eaten more!

my only complaint was that since there are only so many servers for drinks you can't always find your specified person when you are thirsty. I was smart the first time and ordered two drinks the first time she came, but when I was ready for coffee with my dessert I couldn't find her anywhere. I kept seeing her across the room but she didn't meet my eye-took some time but i was able to finally flag her down.笑
I know the management doesn't care about this horrible review , nor do they care about my business here. Kinda sad since I am a good person, and rarely complain. After a decent meal, with horrible dessert, I had to call and complain. Spoke with the rudest, un sympathetic manager, Robert ( such a jerk) letting him know about my experience and he could can less. Didn't make me happy, and didn't listen to what I had to say. My main concern was the dessert which I was looking forward to so badly and just the whole experience eating there was disappointing. He contradicted me and basically said I was wrong about my feelings. No no no.... That's not how to react to someone spending their time on the phone complaining instead of having fun, act like you care, and try hard to be nice since you are a major asshole. 
I wouldn't come back, esp with a nasty jerk manager, and horrible cruise style dessert selections ;( sucks笑
OK. So before I begin.. I am not a huge fan of buffets.. Its just not my thing. Sure I can eat a lot for my size. When new friends see me eat they always have that surprised look on their face. But ne ways,
the buffet is huge... like they have everything you can think of.. from the salad bar to sushis to chinese, to pasta, to lamb, prime rib.. the dessert SECTION.. king crab legs (best part). If you are hungry this is def the place to go.. They have foods to please pretty much everyone

If you like buffets u shud try this one out!笑
$25 for a weekend brunch and $5 extra for the unlimited champagne?  DO IT.

When my party and I arrived at around 12:30 the line was intimidatingly long.  It was moving pretty fast though and before we knew it our group of 8 were seated with champagne and orange juice (we had to mix our own mimosa's).

The variety is huge and everything I tried was delicious.  We had two waitresses (yup, stayed long enough for a shift change) and both really took care of us, especially our second one.  They both kept our champagne glasses absolutely full and were always prompt with bringing more orange juice.  I don't know why the orange juice comes in such small carafes though -- it could have saved them a lot of work to just give us a big pitcher.  Our second waitress was especially lovely.  She even warned us that the mimosa's ended at 4pm and to remember to get our fill because we paid so much to get in.

We stayed here long enough to see some of the dinner items brought out. Salmon poke and tuna poke were enough of a temptation to get my disgustingly full butt off my chair to sample just a bit more.  So a tip for the weekend:  Do come at around 2 pm (to account for line wait), and eat slow enough so you can at least get to sample some of the dinner items (brought out at ~4pm).  Do this and you will absolutely get your money's worth.  But even without this, I was happy and full and buzzed and I can't wait until my next chance to eat here.笑
I guess it doesn't get much better than this. Only place for improvement was the table area, which felt like a glorified canteen - a posh one I admit.

The array of offered food is amazing, you surely should not come without a healthy appetite. But at 19,95 for breakfast I guess nobody will do that.
To avoid another mistake: don't hold yourself up with bread if you want to have a salad to start with - and do take a good look around first, otherwise you might end up well filled too soon because you still keep discovering more dishes. (lol, thinking about it now 10days later makes me hungry).

Was a bit disappointed with our waiter, who for every other table he worked on had more of a smile than for us - can't say what we could have done, honestly. Since I don't want to jump to conclusions I won't say more. Maybe with all the hovering around the room to get the empty plates off they get disappointed with the puny tips some folks leave... then again, disinterested demeanor is not going to change that.

But still, couldn't spoil that delicous meal we had there ! Highly recommend.
(oh, come rather early I guess ... only because it was low season we found a table right away, I'm sure. Waiting lines in high season reported to be dozens of yards long)笑
Gone are the days of the incredible and cheap Buffets in Vegas.  I don't believe they exist anymore.  So, in with the new.  

I like the Bellagio, even though its getting old by the Strip's standards.  The Buffet, well, its good.  Better than a lot of other places.  I have 2 complaints.  1)  If I'm spending that kind of Money for Breakfast (over $68), then I want to be eating in a Wow looking Restaurant.  Like...the Buffet at the Wynn.  I don't want to look at Tile that looks like it belongs in some Metro Station or upscale Basement.  I want Wow, and it shouldn't be too much to ask to make the atmosphere in the Buffet "match" the Lobby or the Conservatory.  To me, it feels out of place. 2)  Come on Food and Beverage, it shouldn't be too hard to figure out how to make eggs out of a carton.  I think you just pour in the mix with some liquid and stir.  I didn't feel like standing in line for "made to order" eggs, so I just scooped out some "Scrambled" eggs.  You know, I didn't pay over $68 for breakfast to drink my eggs.  Ugh.  Other than those 2 items, it was a fairly nice experience.笑
This Buffett is the best I have ever been too. 
 I did not like all the foods I sampled. Such as crawfish but hey. That's what a buffet is for. Trying foods you never had.  
 My son and I enjoyed the prime rib and mashed potatoes. Crab legs were good but served chilled.  They have so much to offer I could go on and on.  Was so good we will eat here twice during our 4 day visit.  
Skip Noodle and eat here. You will not be disappointed.笑
I went here on the Friday before Labor Day Weekend, so there was a special holiday dinner going on that night for about $50 pp.  But, I arrived around 2:30, which is before the 3 PM dinner time, so I got to pay the regular lunch price (only $24 pp) - SCORE!  I think that overall, the food was really delicious.  Some notables were the: king crab legs, beef wellington, sea bass, and t-bone lamb steaks.  The beef brisket and St. Louis ribs that were also available during lunch were both very tasty as well.  Some things to pass on are: the Chinese food station and the sushi.  I ate a good amount - definitely worth my $24, but I would not pay $50.  The quality and presentation of the food does not compare to Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal.  If you're going to ONE buffet, go to one of the other two.  But of course, the Bellagio has pretty tasty food and is significantly cheaper than WS or Bacchanal, so if you are going to make a second buffet trip, Bellagio just might be worth it.笑
My family and I came to eat at the bellagio buffet this evening. I got the idea to come here after I saw a piece on it from food network. I was a LITTLE let down because it seemed a lot better on the show. There was a small variety of different food. 
To be 100% honest, the buffet in the grand Sierra in Reno has a wider selection than this buffet had. The food was pretty good, but the desserts were delicious. 
I ordered a mojito with my meal. I was rather disappointed in my drink. 
For 3 people your looking to spend $130 just to get in.笑
The dessert case will bring you to your knees in reverence for the hallowed pastry chefs of Las Vegas.

The bacon is a little rubbery in texture. But I would quit my job to travel to the sprawling pastures (read: feedlots) where the prime rib is raised. Mmm. Prime rib.笑
If  you go after 4 on a Friday or Saturday for the gourmet buffet, it is by far the best buffet ever.  We go there at least 6 times a year and probably more.  We just budget it for 6 times, lol.  They have lamb chops which are always a little red but you can have them put on the grill to get them well done.  They have ahi poke, spicy tuna rolls, sushi rolls, and caviar.  They also have prime rib which is hit and miss if you like it medium rare and kobe beef which is also hit and miss.  Don't think I ever tried the beef wellington.  The smoked trout is good when it is there along with the smoked salmon.  There are a ton of other things so even if the steak isn't to your liking when you are there, you will be satisfied if you like the other things on the menu.  If red meat is the only thing you want, you are better off going to Rio or some other smaller places.
Oh and they have pre-cut king and sno-crab, which makes it easy to dig out the meat without effort.笑
Best buffet I've ever been to.  I'm sure there are probably some super high end buffets out there that are better but for the average joe, I think you can't find a better combo of quality food, price and location.  I love the Rio seafood buffet but I feel that the Bellagio buffet's seafood choices are just as good and I actually enjoy the Bellagio's oysters over the Rio's.  You need to try it at least once.笑
I'm really surprised out how mediocre this buffet was given the reviews on the internet. We waited about an hour, but once we got in we found the dining area to be only at about 75% capacity.

The food was standard buffet fare. The crab legs were salty and old tasting. And the waiter never returned to refill our cokes.

A better buffet can be found at the Rio.笑
I'm not sure if it was the really high expectations coming here, but I was slightly disappointed. Don't get me wrong, my meal was good. It just wasn't great. There is a lot of hype, and long lines to get in here. I had also been recommended by friends. I like the really wide selection of food, and it's a good price for a person who can eat a lot. I didn't think anything was outstanding, or worthy of major hype. Maybe I caught this place on an off-night? I have just had better meals in Las Vegas, and I thought the buffet at the Cosmopolitan was better. It definitely wasn't bad though, and if there were no long line, I would come back.笑
This buffet is decent. Not one of the ones that really "wow'ed" me. They have your usual. Carving station. Sushi station. Dessert Station. (all of which I visited numerous times) 

GOOD:
- Its at the Bellagio. After you stuff your face here, go outside and enjoy the water show!
- Carving station had Kobe Steak.  (For all you Laker fans, you gonna love it!! Enjoy yourself some Kobe meat!)
- Desserts: This is where I get in trouble. I get bored with the desserts so I create my own. Ice cream cookie sandwiches!!
- Service: Server did a great job.

Bad:
- Line. Be prepared to wait. Line was super long.

Ugly:
- Its Vegas. Its the Bellagio. Can't really say anything ugly about this place. ( do those people flicking and passing out those cards on the strip count?)


Buffet at Belagio. If it wasn't for the location, this would just be another buffet.笑
Eat there for dinner last night, $86.46/2 person(not include tip).  Didn't worth the price, not a happy experience for me, maybe other people like it, there's bar inside.笑
We can here for lunch for my friend's bachelor party weekend.

Service - excellent ... drinks always full and waiter responsive to our requests.
Cleanliness - very clean
Price - $25.00 per person
Seafood - shrimp, salmon, tilapia, tuna, etc.
Meats - prime rib, turkey, chicken, etc
Dessert - enough to become obese
Fruits - yes
Other - has some sushi and breakfast food items @ lunch as well

It's a buffet so here are the list of things I got the most of:

Shrimp - 1.3 plates - served good size shrimp--not wimpy shrimps you see at most buffets.  Damn, I'm already at home and wishing that I got another plate.  The cocktail sauce was excellent--I hate cocktail sauce that is too overpowering, but this one was perfect.

Prime rib - 1 serving - Excellent!!  It was prepared perfectly in my opinion--really tasty, moist, and tender.  Only got 1 serving b/c I wanted to try the other cuisines/entres.

Bacon - 2 servings - come on now ... who doesn't love bacon?  The bacon was cooked border-line between crispy yet still tender--that's perfect for me.  My dream is to consume a plate load of bacon, but in order save some prime stomach real estate ... I didn't.

Turkey - 1 serving - was really delicious ... tasty, moist, and tender.  I hate turkey that is dry.  Put some raspberry jam on both slices and I was in heaven.  

Breakfast sausages - 1 serving (2 sausages) - Oooohh ooohhh ... can you see my O-face?  Yes, it was delicious.  Plus, like bacon, who doesn't love a good sausage for breakfast ... or lunch ... or even dinner.

Chicken - 1 serving - I think I can eat chicken for the rest of my life ... and I definately can eat Bellagio chicken for the rest of my life.  Sucked the delicious, tasty meat straight off the bone ... used the bone as a toothpick.

I didn't get a chance to eat as much as I would of liked since our group had a reservation @ Smith and Wollensky @ 6pm--we ate @ 1ish.  

FYI - ended up not hungry @ Smith and Wollensky and spent $24 for a whole chicken that I barely touched ... made me sad.笑
I've been to A LOT of buffets- but this is one of the best, especially in Vegas!!! Worth the money you spend!笑
$40 + tax for weekend buffet which closes at 10pm! Waited only 10-15 minutes at 8pm on a Saturday night. Unlimited drinks, alcohol costs extra

Huge assortment with tons of seafood options - my favorite! Good thing I came to this buffet because originally I just wanted to eat ahi tuna poke for dinner at another place, but they actually have some sushi and ahi tuna and salmon poke! 

I didn't care for:
-Beef wellington: my friends really liked it but I think I got a bad cut - the pastry was actually undercooked and not crispy :(..maybe because it was the last portion for the day.
-"Kobe beef": seriously the toughest piece of meat..I couldn't even cut it with my knife! Very disappointed because I've never had kobe beef before and I had high expectations.

For dessert, I recommend the sugar free apple pie with vanilla custard - overall not too sweet when eaten together! Also, the bread pudding with vanilla custard :)

Overall, good buffet for the price!笑
Our family checked into NYNY and they gave us two vouchers for buffets ($30 off each)  at nearby hotels.  We chose the Bellagio because of the seafood offering.   For a family of four, even with the vouchers, it still cost us $70 + tip.  The prime rib was good and they did have a good variety of seafood but it was just OK.  The sushi definitely was just buffet quality, nothing special and very limited choice. We had one server for our whole section so it was slow to get our dishes bussed and our waters refilled.

 All in all it was just an OK dining experience, and we left feeling stuffed from overeating of course.  It was a good value for what we paid, but without the vouchers, we would not do it again.笑
One of the best buffets I have ever been to! Delicious mounds of crab legs! (Although the ones that are pre cut, making it easier to get to the meat, are tougher and don't taste as good.) 

I went during the week, and they had Kobe beef, and other meats that you would think would only be out on their weekend buffet. 

Nice selection of food: Italian, Chinese, Japanese, salad bar, bread bar, appetizer bar, and large assortment of decorative desserts.笑
Coming here once every year. I know that way back then this place used to have king crab and sea bass fish. I really love eating sea bass everytime coming here but sadly not anymore. somehow for sure recently it has been downgraded. we got here right before 5pm and there's no one standing in line this time. just because today its thrusday and wasn't during the weekend or any special occasion holiday. normally there will be a long line all the way from outside and the wait should be around from half hr to 1 n half-hour. It was about $40 per person and pretty decent price. no complaining about that because you're eating at a fancy buffet at Bellagio lol.. The only thing I wasn't that much happy and kind of bothering me about this place was because for kids are ages over 5 would have to paid a full price. It really sucks. I wouldn't mind paying half of the price. very clean and spacious. the desserts here are fantastic and so delicious. very friendly staffs and great service. I got my finished dirty dishes taken away promptly everytime and refilled my drinks. I'll be back here once again soon. see me next time.笑
This buffet is alright. It has the essentials which are prime rib and crab legs. What it doesn't have is a modern/clean look and beautiful scenery. I guess I started off by saying these things because I went to Bacchanal Buffet the day before at Caesar's Palace and that blew away every single buffet experience I've ever had.

The buffet at the Bellagio is obviously better than a random buffet off the strip. You pay for what you get for here (~$40 for a tasty buffet that's not bad). Paying $12 for all your can eat garbage somewhere else isn't comparable. But when you compare it to the Bacchanal Buffet, you'll understand what I'm trying to say in this review. I'm still going to give this place 4 stars (well deserved), but this is really a comparison review to the best buffet in Las Vegas (as already stated).

So, if you're going to only one buffet in Las Vegas, I do not recommend coming here. If for some reason you end up here though, you're stomach will still be happy and money well-spent.

Be sure to crab some crab legs and walk to the pasta station to get them steamed. Oh, and be sure to walk to another location to get butter. This is unlike the amazing/beautiful/spacious Bacchanal Buffet where you get your crab legs steamed and grab butter in the same location (makes sense right?).笑
I went here for lunch on a weekday and it was extremely affordable and worth the money. They had a wide range of foods from beef, poultry, pasta, seafood, even sushi. Our server was very attentive and brought us our drinks and took away our plates without us having to ask. All of the food was very well prepared. Th cheesecake was very creamy as was the raspberry chocolate mousse. I definitely recommend this place for a lunch, but be prepared to be EXTREMELY full after eating here.笑
Gonna make this review short and simple. Quality of food/service went down considerably compared to couple years ago due to what I call "HR problem" I feel like Bellagio transferred all the good chefs/servers to Cosmopolitan buffet as MGM Corp needs to impress guests with its new state of the art buffet place. Until Bellagio brings back all the top chefs/servers to Bellagio to bring back its good old quality, I won't pay $30 for my meal and opt for Spice Market Buffet instead! :X笑
The lines can be lengthy and gourmet dinner buffer at $37+ tax and tips including for kids over 3 yo is a bit pricey but it was worth every penny.  I have not eaten at a Wynn buffet, but this was the best buffet for variety and quality of food I probably have ever been to anywhere, not just in Vegas.笑
Vegas is known for amazing shows, food and just general excess. I (loving all of these things) ventured out west for Valentine's Day. What better way to spend time with the one you love than wandering the strip with a colossal drink in your hand? We woke up early Saturday and ventured over to the Bellagio to enjoy their legendary breakfast. I have never been to a restaurant where the entrance looks like the entrance to the Incredible Hulk ride in Orlando. Winding around several velvet ropes till you reach the pay counter and receive your buffet ticket. There were 6 of us total, and the process was actually very smooth. We were seated quickly with a smile. We then wandered the absolutely endless amount of food options in the buffet line. I mean it was 10:00am, but they had everything from scrambled eggs to sushi. The only thing that was missing was any sweet breakfast item (who doesn't have pancakes or waffles?) All in all, the food was above "meh". I can't say that I was blown away, but I wasn't horrified either. I was not expecting it to be that good given that it was a buffet situation, but overall - it was pretty... average. 

Would I go back to this restaurant? Probably not. I have heard that the Wicked Spoon is much better. But then again - is one buffet really that much better than another? Isn't that the eternal question?笑
The food was delicious ! They have many many many choices to choose from Asian to Italian. For Pho lovers , they had a make your own pho. ( don't add pho sauce , it will make it very salty ). My favorite section out of all was the desert section. The cheesecakes & tiramisu are a must ! Also many many many ice cream flavor to choose from. I recommend not getting the macaron it was stale ! The staff was also alright.笑
I love buffets...I can sit and eat for hours! Buffets need to make an all day pass for me. I'll stuff myself silly and get full. Then four hours later, I'm hungry again. But anyways...so I was really really excited to come here and see what all the hoopla was about. We came right before they started serving lunch so we were able to eat the brunch foods and then transition into lunch. Fresh squeezed OJ is served during brunch but not lunch. Don't miss it bc the OJ was really crisp and refreshing! Brunch options were good, but then again, it's really hard to mess up eggs benedict and sausage. I was expecting everything to be really tasty but the lunch options was so-so, nothing spectacular. There were a bunch of "international foods" that were blah and I stayed away from. I did stuff myself with the seafood and smoked salmon! The sushi isn't really worth it so save your tummy for the meats. 

Dessert was also ok. They are pretty to look at but come up short in flavor. There's fresh fruit...fruits really aren't on my list of what I'm gonna eat at a buffet but my boyfriend stuffed a whole bunch into his backpack for later.:)  Hey, we're Asian! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll try the Wynn buffet.笑
Just awful! Quantity over quality 100 percent. The food here tastes like your local 10 dollar buffet except there is tons of it and MANY more options. Still not my cup of tea I would rather have a few items that taste good. Bellagio should be ashamed of this buffet.笑
Absolutely the best buffet so far I have ever been too. Such a great variety including things I haven't tried before and wouldn't dare since the price usually is too expensive. The beef wellington was my favorite. The small portions made it easy to try new things without having too much on your plate to finish if you weren't happy with it, making me a lot braver than usual. Because so many things were tasty I was fearing maybe I was just overly hungry making things taste better than normal - so I decided to experiment by having something I like but have a lot and know how I like it and how I thought it should taste - squash -  and I found it was also amazing. My conclusion: it was evident they cook everything well. The waiter who filled our drinks and took away our plates were extremely kind and helpful making it nice to return to our table time and time again. Definitely a great place to eat and worth the price.笑
Legit buffet.  I went with a group of about 15 people, as we were in Vegas for a friend's 30th birthday.  # 1 - All you can drink mimosas, which is genius in a town where 99% of the visitors are hungover.  # 2 - VARIETY!  You can seriously get anything you want at this buffet.  # 3 - Service.  Our waitress came by our table just about every 10 minutes to refill our mimosas, coffee, and water.  # 4 - Atmosphere.  I mean, it is the Bellagio - the quintessential Vegas experience.  If you are considering doing it - do it.笑
This buffet gets 3.5 stars from me. I came here for the lunch buffet. It was my first time ever trying the infamous Las Vegas buffets, and I have to admit that it didn't live up to all of its hype. I was pretty disappointed by the overall quality of the food and service.

Food: I was kind of bummed to find out that they didn't have nigiri sushi as pictured/advertised. The prime rib and mashed potatoes were good. The soups were delicious also, but somehow the whole experience was kind of a let down.

Note: It does cost extra for alcohol. Their all you can drink option is timed. The service becomes very slow after your first few drinks. It's like they don't expect you to want to take advantage of the all you can drink special you just bought.. Hmm, weird.

I'm not saying I won't ever go back because it wasn't awful, but there are definitely better choices out there.笑
Few words: Very delicious food, prompt customer service, just a long wait in line...but definitely recommended笑
Pros
+location, right in the middle of the strip
+baby/toddler friendly food options without the spice
+Cavier/ Poke
+ price isn't bad, I believe $85 for 2 adults on a Saturday night
+no/ small wait
+ good smoke ventilation casino

Cons
-small selection
-seafood isn't really fresh
- dessert is mediocre
- workers seem mean/unhappy 
- plates are really really heavy笑
Seriously overrated. After a one hour and fifteen wait in line, we were ushered to our table. This place was mediocre and not worth the price. There is far more bang for the buck out there in Las Vegas.笑
The food is room temperature at best, bland and the manager tonite refused to comp the meal! When it comes to buffets the travel channel got it wrong. If you're looking for a buffet with cold poultry, seafood with absolutely no taste visit the Bellagio Buffet. My only regret on an otherwise great vacation.笑
so very disappointed. bellagio used to be one of my favorite vegas buffets, and now it has been reduced to the worst on my list.

the variety was simply lacking. and worst of all, the quality was abysmal. there was nothing that i wanted to eat, and everything that i did eat was sub-par at best. i was stunned at the fact that the carving station only offers medium or well-done prime rib. it was far too overcooked for my taste, and the carver was rude and unskilled. after asking multiple times to slice the prime rib thinly, he continued to carve 2 inch thick slices to patrons. everyone was frustrated with the carver, his rudeness, and just the appalling waste of food because he was incapable of slicing anything less than a size of a brick.

another shocking discovery was the installation of soft serve machines and the disappearance of hand scooped gelato. this utterly disgusted me and was the final nail in the coffin. who the hell wants drippy icy ooze that melts the minute it hits the bowl? it was worse than the local sizzler.

and there is an average wait of 45 minutes for this atrocity? no thanks.笑
Bellagio must pay for their reviews, as we thought the buffet was not that great.  The crab legs and claws were old and dried out.  The Paris buffet is MUCH better.笑
This is one of my favorite buffets in town. I never leave disappointed. The ambience is elegant, the service is good, and the variety and quality of food is superb.

They have so much variety here, including fresh fruits, seafood, cheeses, breads, soups, meats, poultry, pasta, salad, even chinese and pizza. At dinner time my favorites are the Chilean Sea Bass and the lamb. They are always tender and tasteful. The shrimps are huge and sweet. Other favorites are the pumpkin/squash ravioli and orangey sweet mashed potatoes. Sometimes they have fresh baked pretzels, figs, asian pears, and goat cheese. I'm not so crazy about the Kobe meat, it never seems as good as the prime rib.

The desserts are to die for.. my favorite used to be the chocolate hazelnut cake until they started making the crusty nutty caramel pudding. The creme brulee is always good and the ice cream station has toasted coconut toppings and pecans! Yum!

Overall this is one of my favorite places to eat in town, it's moderately priced (although prices change throughout the year) and worth every penny.笑
Breakfast at the Bellagio Buffet----oh yeah.  Loved it.  This review is for the breakfast buffet only.  At $16 per person, I thought it was a very good deal for Vegas.  The selection was huge.  If you can't find something to eat here, not sure where else you will find it...

It was awesome to be able to come down from our room, in desperate need of coffee and not have to walk a long ways or take a taxi to get it! That requires too much effort in the morning!

My fave part was being able to eat as much lox as I wanted.  I am nuts for lox.  :)  They had several bagels to choose from --- topped off with cream cheese, capers, onion relish and tomatoes....I was in heaven.

There is an omelet station that has a large variety of toppings, including crab and shrimp!  Yum!  Other hot choices include eggs benedict, lovely bacon, sausages, several potato dishes, waffles, pancakes, french toast, breakfast burrito bar, and many other options.  There was a large variety of fruits, cereals, salads, yogurts, pastries, etc.  Many lovely desserts.  The quality of all the  food we had was quite good.

Service was great the first morning--the server kept our orange juice and coffee filled without our having to ask.  Service the second time was not quite as good, just mediocre.  There was a large selection of juices and other drinks to choose from, all included in the price.  They were continually replenishing the food items, so I was not worried about anything sitting out for too long.

This place is mobbed, but the second day we were seated in a side dining room, which was much more quiet and less chaotic.  

The line was out to the lobby both times, we waited no longer than 10-15 minutes either time.  The line moved fast.   I would recommend going for a late breakfast (around 10:30) if you want a variety of breakfast and lunch items.  Lunch starts at 11am and there was a lovely variety of salads, a hummus bar and many hot/cold foods to choose from.  Sushi bar starts at noon.

Will definitely hit this buffet again next time I am in Vegas!笑
what I loved best was the all you can eat creme brûlée (: Ahh... Creme brûlée is soooo good! There was Alaskan king crab legs but the taste got to me shortly. Plan on coming back for sure !笑
Went for brunch on a Sunday and had a good selection but wasn't very impressed. The salmon was good, prime rib was too rare, biscuits for gravy were too hard. Had good items and others not so good. Our server was horrible! She never stopped to refill our drinks, had to stop her 3 times just for refills.笑
It's not fun to wait in line for almost two hours and the service isn't much to impress me. We were told that we only had about 30 minutes to eat before the foods stopped being served, so guess who had to grab four plates of food in one go in order to get my money's worth? I would have given this place a 3 star rating if it wasn't for the godly food. The pasta here is just divine and the carrot cake is the best I've ever had. I had a hard time breathing because of how much I ate! Despite the long wait for a power walking race for the food, I am determined to come back.笑
The key word for me would be "inconsistency." Having a buffet in Vegas to me is an integral part of the whole "Vegas experience." My fiance and I had decided to come to the Buffet at the Bellagio, mostly based on reviews from Yelp. The lunch price is comparable to other buffets (about $30 per person after taxes). The ambiance of the place was pleasant, and the service staff were cordial and professional. The line to pay moved pretty quickly, and they even had a person directing "traffic," so that patrons wouldn't go in a line that appeared to have nobody in it. Once we were assigned to our seats, we hit the buffets. The first thing that we both noticed was a large covered area and a sign that said something to the effect of "Pardon our noise while we remodel." During lunch service... both me and my fiance thought it a bit odd, but nevertheless, we went along with our meal. We grabbed several items that appealed to both of us: mashed potatoes, sushi, veggies, pasta, pizza, kind of run of the mill buffet food. Having already been to another buffet the day before, we thought to compare notes to what we had experienced from their competition.

The food was, in a word, alright. Nothing insanely special, most of it could have used a dash of salt or more seasoning. The sushi, the two varieties that they had, were sub-par. The mashed potatoes were fine, again, nothing to write home about. The pasta was again fine, but when we had gone for seconds and wanted to get the same thing, two things happened: first, the pasta that I had tried before was completely out, and the kitchen staff seemed in no hurry to replace it, and second, the pasta we had before now had a cream sauce and mushrooms.

Having had our fill of foods, we headed to the dessert bar, and filled up with an assorted plate of tartlets. I also grabbed a bowl of bananas foster (I think since it didn't have a sign). We both wanted to grab some chocolate chip cookies, but they were out and again the staff seemed in no hurry to replace them. It also happened that several of the platters moved places. I could tell because I found them in a different location than their respective tags. I found that rather frustrating.

Most of the desserts: cannoli, pecan tart, cheesecake, and whatever else we had, were forgettable. Okay bordering on not so good.

The highlights of the dessert bar were the lemon meringue tartlets and the berry mousse tartlets. 

My biggest complaint, and possible health concern, were the bananas foster. It didn't taste like the alcohol was completely cooked out of it. I had the thought that I could get buzzed from a few servings. This is a family buffet, and my concern would be that children could grab a bowl of dessert bananas with alcohol in them...

All in all, the service was good from the wait-staff and the ambiance (aside from the booths that were just a little low for my liking), but the food was lackluster and inconsistent, and the kitchen staff seemed in no hurry to replenish the empty dishes.笑
They might have been having an off day when I ate here but the prime rib and lamb chops were seriously undercooked and flavorless. The dessert station is not that great either - there is only soft-serve ice cream rather than gelato (like at M Resort, Aria, and Rio, for example) and none of the other desserts were anything special. I expect better given that this is one of the more expensive buffets in Vegas.笑
Around 25 dollars per person for lunch, since we had added gratuity for our big party. 
Line was pretty long, 30-1hr wait. 

Our waiter would consistently come and refill our drinks or give us new drinks whenever we wanted. 

The food was mainly good. The foods that stood out was the mash potatoes w/ turkey gravy, Kobe Beef, Shrimp, Sliders, Omelets, Salads.

The only thing i didn't like was the deserts and pak choi was too salty.笑
Variety was great, service was awesome, dining area was clean but the bathrooms needs more attention. It was filthy!笑
This buffet is pretty good, and if I've never been to the Buffet at Wynn I would probably think much more highly of it. They're about the same price so I can't help but compare. 

We came on a Tuesday evening at around 6:30pm and there was pretty much no wait for a table so that was nice. The servers were friendly and were also quick to refill drinks and remove dirty plates. 

When I go to these high priced buffets I always levitate towards two main things in order to get my money's worth: prime rib and crab legs. This buffet also featured Kobe steak which my boyfriend tried, but all three were disappointing. The crab legs were tiny and skinny with barely any meat to offer; no butter dip either. Both the prime rib and Kobe steak were overcooked and tasteless. I tried hard to love this place but I was yearning for the Wynn Buffet the entire time. 

There are some other good offerings but I don't know if there's really anything you could fill up on that would make it worth the high price tag. The desserts here are pretty good for a buffet. Try the Bananas Foster with some Vanilla ice cream on top! Mmm.笑
I come here for brunch on my final day in Vegas and it was the perfect way to wrap up my trip! In Vegas, I think this place is as good as it gets!

There will be a line... a long one, but trust me it's worth the wait.

Great food & great options! ENJOY!笑
THIS PLACE IS DOPE! 

I came by for breakfast and it was great quality food especially for a buffet. The thing I didnt like much was how the beverages werent self serve. The servers or bussers that walk around helping you out werent there at all times but that wasnt much of a problem to me.笑
Really good food. I mean, it has a whole variety of quality stuff and the place is bee u tee ful...well, for a buffet restaurant that is. There were sirloin steak, prime ribs, pork strips. Price is ridiculous, but I'd go as far as say it's worth the 25-30 dollars (Depending on what time you go) because the food really is good. The service was kinda "ehh", but the waitress was old so I won't hate. :)笑
Délicieux et question rapport qualité / prix, parfait !!
seule la salle de restauration n'est pas à la hauteur des prestations de l'Hôtel et de la décoration des autres espaces. Le Bellagio est sublissime, cette salle est banale.笑
Ate here for lunch. Extensive offerings. Didn't eat anything that was less than above average. One of the few buffets I've had that I could classify as "under-priced" compared to other Strip options.笑
this is a very good buffet.  we went for breakfast but everything here was really well made and fresh and you can taste it.  the omelette dude went cheese crazy and i had more cheese than egg in it but that was fine since it tasted great!  the eggs benedict was good and all the seafood options were very tasty.  from the dessert area, the winner was the cheesecake and it tasted as if it were just made!  it was light and fluffy and just all types of goodness.  the place is pricey but it is the bellagio so i guess you pay for being seated in the pantheon of 5-star hotelness...笑
We saw Bellagio buffet on a food show special and it became the catalyst for our trip to Vegas.  My husband grew up in Japan and was very excited to find some native dishes on the buffet.  Several things he tasted he said were the best he's ever had.  There's something to please everyone. Everyone was raving about the mushroom ravioli.  I really enjoyed all the pastas and was happy with the dessert selection.  

My only complaint is that our server couldn't be bothered to bring us any drink refills.笑
I'm not sure what else I can add to the existing reviews, so I'll say this much: get the bread pudding -- you won't regret it.  I would also suggest going here only on a weekday, and getting in line early (easy if you just never went to bed in the first place).  I think we got in around 8:30am with no line whatsoever; by the time we left around 10:00 or 10:30, the line was at least an hour if not more.笑
Price is reasonable for dinner ~$40 after tax compared to Wicked Spoon and Cesar Palace's buffet. Food was great (i.e. King crab legs, stone crab legs, and snow crab legs.) Great variety of food (soups, desserts, meats (prime rib, steaks) raviolis, etc). It doesn't have as many dishes as Wicked Spoon but it's good enough for me. I didn't have to wait in a Monday night at 6pm-ish. We got seated almost immediately and the server asked us what drinks we wanted immediately as well! I was satisfied and will visit again.笑
Came here at about 2pm and there was no line. Food was decent but nothing very remarkable to me however. It lacked the savory and tastiness that i was looking for. I probably was expecting too much seeing as Bellagio looks really wonderful. I have to say i enjoyed their gardens so much more than the food.

But on a good note, i liked some of the desserts i tried. Their blueberry cheesecake and chocolate mouse tasted nice and texture was good. I also liked their raspberry iced tea for some reason.

Anyway for the price of $30 hmm cant tell yet if it is worth it or not food wise. The service is good though and our server was very pleasant and friendly. Maybe dinner would have a better selection of food.笑
After reviewing Yelp review, I decided to try the buffet at Bellagio. We waited about 1 hr in line just to find that there are a lot of empty tables and/or tables that have not been cleared. If they got their acts together, people should not be waiting this long!  

Food was mediocre at best. Prime rib was tasteless. Crab legs were very bland and tasted more like imitation crab meat.  Only good thing was sorbet. They had better taste than rest of the food.

Ambiance - 2
Food - 2
Service -  1 for front service,  3 for table service笑
The food here is pretty good and the sushi is fresh. $30 for dinner weekdays is not bad considering other buffets in Vegas cost more. I will definitely come back.笑
Honestly I don't know why this place gets put down so much on selection of items for Brunch. Me and my girlfriend went for Columbus Day Weekend. The price was very fair, around $70 for two. Thats NOT including alcoholic drinks package which is another $15 per person which we did not get. Wait was very short, 10 minutes max, arrived around 9am. When we sat down we waited about 2-3 minutes for the server to come around and grab our drink order, but she never arrived, everyone seemed pretty busy so we just up and went to get food in our bellies. 

Selection for brunch was more than enough. They had a simple selection of common breakfast items, as well as specialty items such as Banana and Apple stuffed French Toast, Custom Pancakes made to order, etc. Brunch items? Also, more than enough. 2 carving stations, 4 items. Lamb, prime rib, ham, and turkey. Pastas, sushi, shrimp and crab legs for days. They had polenta, one of my favorites which I really enjoyed. Deserts were also plentiful. People act like you need fucken 20 decisions when you know you can't fit that much shit in your stomach. 

After sitting down with our first round of food our section server kindly took our drinks and rushed back with them. Very attentive and not hard to find, I like that. Overall, food was good, service great, wait time short, and more selection than I needed. Recommend? Yeah, this is definitely one of the good buffets out there with beautiful decor and simplicity of food items while executed well with good flavors. 

Why 4 stars? My one anticipated food item was really overcooked. Prime rib. It was wasnt as much overcooked as it seemed rushed. Had it medium on my plate, become well done and dry by the time I hit the table. Other than that, great buffet to stop on by.笑
I've only been to a handful of AYCE's in Vegas and this is the tops so far.

The carved meat and the fruit stood out particularly for us and deserve this shout out.

Smoked salmon and sushi and the desserts get an honorable mention.

However everything here was excellent from the service through to the execution.

Other places could learn many a thing from the Buffet at Bellagio.笑
They treated us like Queens! Highly highly highly recommend. My sister and I went together for brunch and got bottomless mimosas. We literally tried a bite from every plateaus were happy with almost everything. I'm not a Mac and cheese person but it totally stole my heart. You could taste every flavor! Go get this buffet and don't forget the gelato!笑
Food was good, but nothing special. Nothing compares to the Mandalay Bay buffet though lol.笑
6/11/16, we celebrate mother's 90th birthday at the brunch buffet, the food was just okay, but service were very very BAD, very very RUDE waitress. First brought us wrong drinks, when we ask to correct, she argue with us said that's what we ordered, then rudely threw a plate of tea bags on the table (not in front of the person who drink hot tea), we ask to speak to manager, she said if we don't like her service, we can change to other table. WOW, what a shocker, a well trained waiter or waitress will never ARGUE with customer.  The manager, Mr. Luc Andres came, explain what happened, he apologize to us, gave us another server to help us, even made candle and piece cake(from buffet of course) with Happy Birthday song to Mother.  Well, it should be a very happy pleasant meal with Mother on her birthday, but we all lost appetite, its an experience we will never forget, and this place will never show up on our list of buffet restaurant.笑
My friend and I decided to come to the Bellagio buffet since it is supposedly one of the best buffets in Vegas. Since we arrived at 7pm, and it was Easter weekend, we ended up waiting for a little over an HOUR. Yes, sounds very long especially after you did not eat all day. However, it was worth it! I'm not sure if I liked the price though... It was supposed to be around $35-38 for dinner, but it was $44-45 plus tax so it was almost $49 plus tip after dinner. However, the service was great. Our waiter was really sweet, friendly and helpful. The food was good, and they had a range of American, Chinese, Japanese, and Italian. Plus their dessert selection was huge. This is one of the biggest buffets I have been to so it was exciting to have many options! =) I would go again with my family.笑
BEST food I had in Las Vegas all weekend.

The line was a half hour wait at 12:30 but well worth it! I paid $23.95 for the brunch buffet. The cashier, hostess and waitress were all very nice and polite. Our server had our drinks waiting for us by the time my fiance and I had made our first trip around the buffet.

The sushi bar was HUGE! The selection was hands down AMAZING! The coffee was even great! (hey I'm from the Pacific Northwest) Everything at the buffet was fresh and tasted great! I'll be back in a year.笑
We went for a weekend in Vegas with my girlfriends, it was a total disaster, the food was disgusting and cold. It tasted like leftovers and I paid $28 for nothing. Would not recommend!! do not waste your time or money going there笑
Hella good!  $20 lunch for gourmet food.  Fountain drinks are included.  Great vegetarian options all over the place.  Going to leave it short, because this place rocks and you need to eat here during your Vegas stay.  Dig in!笑
Despite the arm and leg you have to offer to be seated at this establishment, I'd have to say the food is to die for.  The buffet is huge with a large selection of desserts and entrees!  

Crab legs of course are to be mentioned as fat, juicy and delicious!  Fun to bring a group of people with you to dine; this place is clean and each buffet station is nicely presented with a constant filling of food!  Crowds?  Sure there are crowds but you don't even notice them as you go from station to station taking in the eyefull of deliciously cooked food.  

This place can be pricey but the food alone is worth it.  I'd definitely go here again armed with an empty stomach, especially for their desserts!  Tiny cups of creme brulee!  YUM!!笑
Wow. These people are rude. They are on the verge of breakdown and fighting with you. I've been to other buffets in Vegas and this one is by far the worst. Even the food is not that great. I will never come back.笑
My family and I love Bellagio buffet because they have a variety of food and we've always gotten good service from them. Recently, we came here and encountered one of the cashiers with the rudest attitude from any hotels I've ever seen. She was very impatient with our party, did not make an effort to answer any questions we had, and was very ill-mannered. If you ever see her, stay away from her and ask for someone else to assist you. Her name is ANACELI G!!!! But thankfully, our server, Victor, was the sweetest man and he totally made our day. He was very efficient and friendly, and we would definitely come back to see him again. I didn't give the buffet a higher rating because the food wasn't the same as the previous times we visited. It's just average, and the lines can become super long to enter and to wait for food. It's definitely better than Harrah's, but almost a fancier version of Planet Hollywood.笑
Very reasonably priced and a good selection of food for both breakfast and lunch. Considering we weren't staying in the hotel, I was surprised by how cheap it still was.笑
Solid 3.5 stars

We came here for lunch on Friday around 1pm and waited about 20 minutes. The service was decent, considering it was a buffet. 

Hmm, I wasn't very impressed with the meat station. Everything was just "okay." 

The desserts were also "alright."

I think the only thing that was memorable and worth mentioning was their pasta. I don't know if it is just me, but I feel like Vegas buffets have downgraded.笑
I went there on a Wednesday night so price was better for dinner. $30 and change with tax per person. No line since we got there like at 9:30. The last seating is at 10 but  once you get it, they don't kick you out unless if the food kicks your ass. 

So far as Vegas buffet line goes, Winn hotel has better crab legs then Rio or Bellagio, but the overall experience, I thought Bellagio is better than the rest. The sushi was good including spicy tuna hand rolls. They even had steak tartare, which no one else has. And also they have a variety sugar-free desserts that were quite delectable. When in Vegas for enjoying too much of everything in one sitting, just go to the Bellagio buffet.笑
I was disappointed. Who said this is the best buffet in Vagas? It's so wrong. First time here, had quite high expectation, cuz it seems a lot of people said it's the best. The buffet has quite a lot of options, but the food taste just ok. Some are bland and some are over salted. The only thing I like about is the king crab/snow crab, it has been cut in half, so it was easy to eat, but I've heard most of the buffet also cut the king crab leg in half for customers, so that makes it not so special anymore. Maybe I should have gone there for dinner instead of brunch/lunch, because almost half of their stations are serving the same breakfast items. The service was good.笑
I really like this buffet!  I love being able to get crab, sushi, dim sum, bacon, salad and soup.  I didn't get dessert this time around.  It's nice because they cover breakfast, lunch, and dinner foods.  My friend here LOVES the coffee.笑
Very good quality and variety. Price was decent. $25 for lunch. They had a great selection of seafood and sushi. They also had an awesome dessert  section. Nothing to rave about, but it was pretty good. If you are planning on eating a lot, it's worth the price.笑
been here twice in 2016 and there is simply no way to spin it.  the magic of this buffet is long gone and it is just average at best.  didn't stay at the hotel, but a buddy shared that they had a disaster of a time as well (backed up shower, and a hassle to switch rooms...).  so sad to see one of the icons fade like this.笑
Let me preface this review with a couple of things:
1. I went on a Monday at 3pm, so probably not the most ideal time to see the freshest foods and most attentive staff, but less people to fight with to get to the food
2. I live in Manhattan so I am spoiled by knowing what good food and service are
3. I understand that a buffet, even an expensive buffet will never meet the quality of a decent restaurant

With all that said, the variety and quality of food was JUST BARELY OK, after seeing several reviews I guess my expectations got a little too high.

Also of note I found a HAIR in my gravy, when I mentioned it to the waitress her extremely caviler response was some thing to the effect of "OK, I let them know".  No "I'm so sorry" or "I really apologize", NOTHING.

All in all not a great experience, but if you want a large quantity of food you can't beat it for 20 bucks笑
We went here for Sunday brunch and YUM! It was pricey but worth every penny. The service was great, the atmosphere was beautiful. What I liked best about the service is that we showed up dressed pretty casual and we were still treated really well.
They had quite a few different stations and a lot of variety. Trust me on this Sunday Brunch... you won't be disappointed!笑
Bellagio's buffet is one of my top 5 favorite buffets in vegas!

The sushi is fresh and tasty. 

The multigrain croissant in the soup section is DELICIOUS!!!! Its a croissant that tastes like its healthy. 

The prime rib is cooked perfectly. 

The nutella waffle cone dessert was my favorite.. Soo soo good!!!!

Go eat at this buffet! The line is worth it! :)笑
The buffet was a huge disappointment. Many things were inedible. The chicken was too dry and the pasta too soggy. The only redeeming point is the seafood. The giant shrimp and king crab legs were phenomenal. The best thing to do is go in during lunch time when it is cheaper (paid around $20) and just stay till dinner when the better things come out.笑
people around here have high standards for buffets! whatever, i hardly ever go to buffets and this was amazing to me. my friend and i came here before seeing 'o' and i loved it.

some favorites of mine were the poke, the smoked salmon (lox style), and the dessert. i ate so much that i can't even remember everything i ate. few things were disappointing though. oh they also have a goat carving station and the goat wasn't as tough as i've had before. kind of cool but not that great to eat. the selection is huge and overwhelming decently exotic.

service was really good - beverages stayed full and plates were cleared quickly even though the place was packed. if you're going to be here for a show, you might as well eat here. the line moved quickly - we only stood about twenty minutes - and when we called the bacchanal it was a four hour wait. maybe that's not as good of a sign for this place but i still thought it was super good.笑
Skip this! It was Gourmet night because of the holiday(Presidents Day) $48 per person, beer or wine and additional $14.99 per person.  The King crab served cold, in fact by the time you got to your table your entire meal was cold.  The server was not the best, yet we had to tip prior to sitting down, so she got $18 for bringing water. 2 of them.
So if you are going to spend $120 for two people and expect an actual Gourmet meal filed with king crab, Kobe beef, salmon.... Go elsewhere.笑
My favorite buffet on the strip! I particularly like their breakfast. Plenty of everything, they are always putting out hot food. I've had great experiences every time I've gone, and I've gone quite a bit!
Pro-tip: Arrive about 30 minutes before dinner starts to pay the lunch price and be there when they put out the dinner food.笑
Arrived after 12 noon on a Friday. So, no waiting. Serves breakfast , lunch and dinner! Paid $31 w/ tip. Higher prices and more selections for dinner. Still had breakfast selections at noon. Loved the BBQ pork. Slid off the bone. Huge variety. Had gluten and sugar free deserts. Decor dated. Efficient staff. Selections well seasoned. Worth the price!笑
The line was long but well worth the wait. 
I LOVED this buffet (and I'm not much of a buffet person). I restocked my plate a few times to try a little bit of everything. Most I liked and the things I didn't like were because I generally don't like those foods. The dessert table was probably my favorite. I wanted everything but opted for the Apple pie and bread pudding. Mmmm...笑
I found this buffet to be highly over rated; this buffet was not worth the money! The food was average at best. There is no service: drinks and food are all self-serve.  The food was okay but I expected better options for $39 each. You can find a great meal for a cheaper price elsewhere. There are plenty of options, I can not recommend you eat here.笑
I guess it was kinda our fault that we got there around 9:30 pm on a Friday night and they closed at 10:00pm (they take food back at 10:30) which meant that food was not going to be good and it wasn't. However, I did like their selection and the unique dishes that were offered. Prime ribs would have been great if it was fresh and hot.  Asian Food selection looked really smushy and gross. Italian section looked decent with their variety of pasta and pizza. Sushi was really really fresh which was very surprising! Don't judge me but the only thing I found exciting was the Shrimp Ceasar Salad and the selection of desserts. I'm pretty disappointed of myself that we came here late and spent $40 a person for cold food. Service was good. Our plates were gone by the time we came back. Maybe the next time will be better. So be warned, unless you're really really really hungry and there is no other choice but the buffet at Bellagio, don't waste your money coming after 9pm!笑
The buffet at bellagio used to be the best buffet in Vegas. However, it's just getting worse and worse every time we visit; and you can tell by the length of the line...we used to spend like hours to wait to get it a couple years ago..the line is just getting shorter and shorter every time we go. The food quality and selections are decreasing. I mean it's still better than a lot of other Vegas buffet but it's a lot worse than the buffet at the casear's palace. The cashier lady was a bit rude but the waiter was great.笑
Poor service for Bellagio buffet. Employees were rude, especially the front desk staff. Expected better for the Bellagio. Will not be coming back, especially when there are hotels like Aria with better service.笑
Moderation thy name is not Bellagio. No, I'm not talking about those dancing fountains. Not the ceiling of Chihuly blown glass blossoms in the lobby. Not the elaborate conservatory. I'm taliking about that damn buffet, the Vegas staple of every casino hotel operation in  town. But this being the Bellagio, there is an especially huge spread here with dishes you wouldn't expect in a buffet line.

And therein lies the problem. I just don't think Eggs Benedict should be lumped by the dozen in a chafing dish or French Toast wedges getting arid as the Sahara under heat lamps. In fact, everything had that warmed-over, slightly mushy texture that never quite satisfies but somehow satiates because you'll be damned not to get your thirty-dollars' worth of food. One thing I have no complaints about is the service. The army of waitresses is at the ready refilling coffee cups and juice glasses and picking up the dirty dishes.

The lines move as quickly as you would expect when people are overwhelmed by choices. If you read the guidebooks, the Bellagio is often mentioned as serving one of the best buffets on the Strip. Oh really. It appears bulimics have less choice in Sin City than originally thought.

FOOD - 3 stars...quantity makes way for a relative mediocrity
AMBIANCE - 3 stars...something of a pig trough in an Italian villa
SERVICE - 4 stars...they keep those dishes moving
TOTAL - 3 stars...accommodates our worst excesses...but at least for a fixed price笑
I visited for breakfast and was really happy with the selection and quality.   Pancakes were cooked right on the grill in front of you, eggs Benedict, oatmeal bar, super tasty bacon, huge selection of bread and fresh fruit, breakfast pizza... You name it, they had it! At 18 bucks a person, this was a steal and kept us full until dinner. (Oatmeal and coffee had cost 20 bucks at Starbucks the day before, to put things in perspective). Unlimited juice and coffee! The service was a big cranky, but I noticed the two tables next to us didn't tip at all so maybe the waitress isn't used to being rewarded for doing a good job. Try the strawberry sauce... Mmm!!笑
After reading the other reviews, I was prepared to love the Bellagio Buffet.  Having just left there though, I must admit I'm pretty disappointed. 

We arrived at 2pm on a Thursday and the line reached the telephones outside the restaurant.  It moved pretty steadily though, and my party of 4 was seated in 40 minutes.  In general, the service was pretty sloppy.  There were times when up to 6 dirty plates were piled up on our table and aside from iced tea, which they filled pretty regularly, I had to flag someone down to get another drink.

From the carving stations, I tried the flank steak, kobe, prime rib, chicken, and ribs.  The flank was marinated wonderfully and the ribs were awesome, but everything else was pretty meh, either over or undercooked.

The shrimp were plentiful and tasty, plus come pre-shelled.  The crab legs didn't come out until dinner and the line to get them was maybe 15 deep at first, but died down after about half an hour.  Tonight had both snow and king.  I didn't appreciate the fact that they're cut in half as much as I expected - you usually can't pull the meat out in one piece because there's a layer of cartilage in the middle.  Also, they didn't do a very good job defrosting them since most of my legs still had chunks of ice in them, but you can ask someone behind the counter to heat them up for you.

The lunch sushi options are pretty bare, but sashimi comes out at dinnertime.  Although I've seen ads of the buffet having dim sum, they only had BBQ pork buns.  I think there were four types of pasta and all but one was vegetarian.  The tortellini was really good.  I was also a fan of the pesto mashed potatoes.

The salad bar had a few premade salads, my favorite being the spinach and bacon one.  During lunch it had a bunch of deli meats and cheese, but they were taken away for dinner.  The mozzarella balls are a must-try!

The dessert station had about 30 options, all beautifully made and each approximately two-bite-size.  About 20 of them were little tarts or cakes, and then there was bread pudding, brownies, and cookies.  I saw three sugar-free options.  I probably shared about 10 desserts with my mom.  Everything was pretty good, but my favorites were the cheesecake, creme brulee, and key lime tart.  My sister was a huge fan of the fruit tarts and ate about six.

All in all, I felt like I got my $19.99 worth for lunch, but I don't know if it's worth the $29.99 for dinner.  However, given that it's generally ranked one of the top three buffets in Vegas, I feel like it's a bit overrated.  I had a much better experience at Le Village Buffet across the street at Paris Las Vegas when I came here a few years ago.笑
Out of all the buffets I have been to in Vegas, this one is tied for first along with the Wynn.

Even though the wait for dinner was long and the price made me want to shoot myself, it was worth it for a nice splurge. I remember the buffet being big with tons of selection. The quality of the sushi stood out to me and I must have had several plates of it. Couldn't tell you about the crab legs and other seafood items (I'm not into those things), but I did notice that people were piling their plates high with crab and lobster. It's been a while since I've been back, but I remember their "Asian" selections to be really good.

The desserts here were also some of the best I've had. Everything I tried was good! I would definitely come back for dinner.笑
Bellagio's Buffet reminds me of Jessica Alba - totally beautiful on the outside but all hype and fluff on the inside.

I really wanted to like this buffet. And while all its food looked beautiful, everything tasted... off. The prime rib, chicken, etc. were all underseasoned. The steak tartare tasted like bland mush (serves me right for trying it at a buffet, I know). The creme brulee was too eggy. 

Maybe my expectations were too high and thus I felt let down. But I've had much better food at buffets at Wynn (shocker there, I know!), Planet Hollywood, and Mandalay Bay. You're better off getting your gorge on at one of those places.笑
Line was very long. Was very excited to find out what the Bellagio buffet was all about and sad to say it did not live up to it's reputation. 
Pros: dessert, prime rib, service, snow crab and king crab

Cons: fake Kobe beef, BBQ ribs no bueno, pork belly wasn't to fond of it. Sushi was terrible笑
lunch buffet was the best and most diverse that I had in vegas.笑
Brunch was better than average. Really enjoyed the mix- great for a buffet- a little messy on the buffet when we were there but didn't affect what we ate.笑
The food is okay. Im expecting more since dinner is $39.99 per person. They have a wide variety of food  but it's lacking seafood such as crab or shrimp. Those are missing from this buffet. The server we have named Kammie is really nice. Very hospitable and always clear our table without being called. Abraham is great too. Buffet at Bellagio is an average buffet restaurant笑
Since the buffet at Bellagio never had as much variety as some buffets, I always counted on the quality to bring me back.  However, it seems like the quality of the food has gone down a bit.  For being once of the more expensive buffets in Vegas I expect more.  They do offer high end items such as snow crab legs, king crag legs, buffalo, and duck, but none of them were up to par in my opinion.  The service is still very good and prompt.  I do think their desserts are one of the better in the round of Vegas buffets.  I think i'll go back to the Wynn next time for another try.笑
Did the Champagne Brunch at about 1pm on Sunday. It was fairly busy (30 min wait or so?). The server took care of the beverages. She brought a carafe of OJ to the table to make our own mimosas which I loved.

The food was great! I ate a LOT. Prime Rib (with no au jus?), Passion Fruit Sorbet, "Exotic Cake", BACON, SAUSAGE, EGGS, BREAAAAAAAAD. I was a happy camper. It was pricy but it was a nice reward after the half marathon! I would highly recommend this.笑
One of my top picks for buffets on the strip.
So I think now, with the MyVegas app, you can get a comped meal most Mon-Thursday if you at least have a 1 night's stay on any MGM property. Just to go the MLife desk at The Bellagio and present your comp tickets on your phone with your ID and players card on the day that you are going to the buffet. I did get slightly screwed once, as I claimed a free dinner voucher, but the person at the desk accidentally keyed it in as free lunch. So when I got to the cashier at the buffet line, I was only comped the lunch price and had to pay the difference for the dinner price. I was too hungry to walk back and wait at the MLife desk again so I just paid it. Regardless, I still give them a 5 star rating, because that wasn't the buffets fault, that was obviously the MLife desk that screwed up.
Anyway, my favorite thing to get here is always the prime rib, or whatever iteration of prime rib they have here. I always get the crab legs with melted butter as well. I like to go around and just pick at random things they have. Once in a while, they'll have something different. Sure you can get prime rib and crab legs at the other hotels, but it just feels a grade better here. Oh, and for all of you Pepsi haters like me, they actually have Coke products here, BIG PLUS! I damn hate this Pepsi town, so I'm glad they have Coke here.
For the most part, you can skip the sushi. Sometimes they have a few pieces of better looking maguro.
Dessert selection is pretty big, and the sugar-free stuff actually tastes pretty good as well.
I usually finish off with the soft serve ice cream and caramel sauce on top.
The severs are usually pretty nice and come pickup your plates while you get up and grab more food.
Also I may be a little biased because I have a Gold players card and can skip the buffet line....No waiting for me!
I haven't been to every single buffet on the strip, but my order goes something like the following based on taste/price/variety:
1) Rio Seafood buffet (I think they just combined the 2 buffets now, but have 2 different price options, not MGM) Unlimited New Zealand lobster tail at dinner.
2) Wicked Spoon (Cosmo, not MGM)
3) Bellagio
4) Bacchanal (Caesar's Palace, not MGM)
5) Le Village (Paris, not MGM)
6) Aria
7) The Mirage
8) Planet Hollywood (Not MGM)
9) Mandalay Bay
10) Harrah's
11) The Excalibur
12) MGM (From here on down, it's not worth your money to go)
13) Luxor 
14) Monte Carlo (The only place I didn't feel full when I left)

I've also been to the buffet at "M", but you would need to drive to get there or take a cab/uber. That one is ranked up there with Bellagio. I'm just going to list that in all of my reviews for each buffet I review.笑
Be prepared to wait 45-1 hour plus to get into this place! The food is amazing! I love how each section at the buffet has its own ethnicity. From lamb chops to poke bowls. I love the endless dessert choices coming from someone who has a never ending sweet tooth. I also met the world famous fitness inspirations, Michelle Lewin. So be on the lookout for any more celebrities here.笑
This buffet was such a let down.  There wasn't one single item on the buffet that stood out as great.  The fact that I paid $42.00 for it makes me think I would have been better off gambling with this money and getting a burger from a fast food restaurant.  The beef wellington was well done and had very little seasoning.  As far as the rack of lamb, there was only med well and well done to choose from.  I could go on and on, but the Wynn is so much better and basically the same price.  Go to the Bellagio to watch the water show, but move on after that.笑
Lovely buffet with plenty of variety and desserts!  Their seafood selection was more impressive than I'd expected, with all the different varieties of fish.  Also love their brownies and eclairs.  :)

Our waitress wasn't the most friendly, but she was prompt and pleasant enough.  I like the dining area in this joint; it's nicely decorated in conjunction with the rest of the casino.    

For $20 how could I refuse?  That's about how much I lose in a game of spinning the wheel and hoping it lands on 40.  I think this place is well worth the money and the time.笑
This place was a big disappointment.  I had been waiting for a couple of years to try out Bellagio's buffet since there is all this hype around it on Yelp.  I love the Wynn buffet, so I figured that I would really enjoy Bellagio.  The Wynn it so much better.  

After waiting in line for about an hour on a late Sunday evening, we didn't get seated until nearly 10 pm. We were then told that we had 30 minutes to eat becuase they start taking away the food at 10:30 and all the food is  gone by 10:35.  They should give people at least an hour to eat before they start taking away the food, or let folks know sooner about their food roundup schedule instead of waiting until AFTER people wait 1+ hours. 

Overall, the food quality and variety weren't on par with the price tag ($30 on a Sunday night).  I'd rather go to the Wynn or Studio B at the M Resort.笑
4 of us went to the Buffet at Bellagio for Monday lunch. 
2 of us had been to the Bellagio Sunday brunch before, and enjoyed it then.

We will _NOT_ return.

We arrived in line Monday at noon and had a 30 minute wait to be seated. (as expected)  Drink service was good, service at the carving stations and the omelette bar was good.  

Everything else underwhelmed us.  Poor selection.  Flavorless food.

The meats (turkey, pork, beef, chicken) were tough, dry and flavorless.
The fruit (strawberry, pineapple, and melon) was under-ripe.
The salad bar had few choices.
The cocktail shrimp were OK.
After noon, the breakfast stations had been replaced by an assortment of pizzas and fresh 'sliders'.
For sushi, there were only 3 sliced rolls (veggie, california, and california with krab) and spicy tuna hand rolls.

For dessert there were 5 kinds of dessert cakes, eclairs, and soft serve ice cream.  A decent selection, but all but one cake were flavorless.

Overall, disappointing.笑
After winning some dinner money from blackjack, I waited 1 hour for this cafeteria style joint.  I strategically positioned myself to eat the value for your money foods since I'm not a big eater. 

Overall, I thought it was pretty ok.  I assume the price was on par with all the other buffets.  Never the less, it was the only buffet I had on this trip.笑
was determined to squeeze this in on my last day in vegas basked on a few friends recommendation.  It's hard for me to rate a buffet because i have no self control and eat like a pig until i am sick which then makes me dislike.   I will start off by saying the champagne brunch is a bang for the buck.  You get unlimited champagne or mimosa's for 6.00 more.  There is a ton of food.  but alot of it is muffins, oatmeals, all this healthy crap that i can eat for a couple of bucks!  I did enjoy the eggs benedict and the prime rib. The rest was just okay.   But for 33.00 i was half lit and stuffed for half the day.笑
I Love Buffetsssss and the Bellagio buffet is one of the best in Vegas..

First off, the line can take an hour but it is totally worth it. 

Second, I ate so much seabass it was ridiculous. their seabass is soooo delicious and buttery and flakey and all the good stuff. DEFINITELY worth the 30 dollars I spent (we went on a Monday night)!  The crab legs were a little salty and not as good as I thought they would be.

Mushroom raviolis were also really good.

DEFINITELY though, the sea bass... is to die for.笑
We were in Vegas celebrating my birthday on Thursday November 3rd and decided after a long flight we'd try the buffet (we've been to Vegas 4 times now) and this was our first to the Bellagio Buffet....never....ever....again....only three things I had on my plate....mashed potatoes, turkey and pesto pasta (some sort of round noodle things) and of alllllll that food...that's all I could even "try", the turkey was tough and I didn't like the pasta at all (Mac n cheese would have been better), the mashed potatoes was mostly what I ate....pretty sad for my $40 portion of our meal, hubby was just as disappointed as I was, especially with the lack of actual soft bread (was all hard, not very appetizing)!
A guy and gal cleaning off tables and resetting them noticed we barely had drank any water (another poor variety in beverages), & asked are you two finished I said oh yes, definitely wasted our money even trying this food.
No, we will not return! Everyone we know will know our opinion too!笑
I had the buffet lunch for $19.95 on a Monday afternoon. Waited an hour and I had my eyes set on seafood and prime rib. Perhaps my expectations were too high for the lunch menu because I was severely disappointed. There were only cocktail shrimps (no crab legs), but there was some super yummy steak. 

I noticed a lot of people mentioning the sushi bar and truth be told, it's not that great. They put heaping amount of rice into their sushi making you full which is a huge no no at a buffet if you want your money's worth. The other selections were typical with your mix of Asian (chow mein noodles, buns), Italian (assortment of pizza, pastas), and etc.... but why do you want to OD on carbs? Go for the seafood and steak, honey.

The desserts were great. I especially enjoyed the Chocolate Dome with the raspberry on top. 

Perhaps dinner is better here, but only come here for lunch if you want mediocre buffet food.笑
This was my second time going to this and gotta say all the food was only okay. I still had a great breakfast and good service provided with good selection but wasn't as good as my first time here years ago. I was bummed they don't have king crab claws anymore :(笑
Really good - there are choices for everyone!  Mt only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because the meal rate for dinner was advertised as $36.99, but the actual rate is $40.99 before tax.  I enjoyed the vegetarian options - things were well seasoned and properly cooked all around!  I didn't have to eat for a whole day afterward.笑
Really sad that the quality of this great buffet has gone down so much.... it is not the same great buffet that was 6 months ago...

Their amazing king crab legs were like the leftovers of a cheap Chinese buffet.  So sad and low quality.   Cocktail shrimp are smaller now as well...the salmon and tuna poke were bad, they tasted sour...  prices are still the same, but quality went down...  

If you leave in Los Angeles, CA, better go to Pala Casino... their clusters of snow crab legs are fresh and delicious, sweet crab meat.... prime rib and other meats are good as well... compared to Bellagio, it is closer and quality is way better...


Bellagio's dessert station, the only best thing they have is their bread pudding with the vanilla sauce...笑
MEH. NO CRAB LEGS NO CARE.

Waited in line while my boyfriend gambled for 2 hours as I waited in a long, endless line. Good thing the Bellagio has wifi. They know wsup. But it was for Sunday brunch so I suppose they wouldn't have crab legs but hey, I was expecting some because it's Vegas! Who cares if it's brunch? 

The line actually moved along quickly and as I got closer to the cashiers, its really the cashiers that work slow and carry out the line, not the actual wait to get seated because there's unlimited seats inside! 

We got settled in and paid 25 a person for brunch and skipped over for another 5 dollars unlimited champagne. The food selection was minimal, with most of the emphasis on breakfast food. Had everything from waffles to mash potatoes to eggs benedict and bagels and everything else one could think of for brunch! I felt the variety of food that caters for a buffet was short and wasn't worth the money. 

However they did have prime rib, which was chewy and medium rare. Very thinly sliced but it was certainly unlimited! 

Perhaps it was bad timing or just Sunday, but it certainly wasn't worth the wait especially for my birthday. It wasn't a full meal perhaps the Aria buffet would have been a slightly better choice.笑
This place was horrible. May be its better any other day, but my wife and I went there and damn it was bad. Almost everything we tried tasted like crap. My wife loves the crab legs, but there were so over salted that we just didn't even get to eat them at all. Everything was just bad, bad, bad. Paris so far as the best buffet there by far. Never doing buffets in Vegas again. LA has the best buffet. Hokkaido in Sherman Oaks for like half the price!笑
We had a bogo from myvegas and had lunch before departing. The line was short and the food was fresh and way above average quality for a Vegas buffet. The selection was very good and the service for drinks and busing the table were exceptional also!笑
Since my office didn't have a Christmas party last year, the owner of my company told us dinner was on him and to pick any place our little hearts desired. We immediately thought "buffet!" and then eventually narrowed our choices down to the Buffet at Bellagio and Wicked Spoon. Suffice to say we did not choose wisely.

First off, the decor is laughably bad. Really killed the ambiance for me. I mean, the food can be luscious, but when you have to look up at ugly cream wallpaper and tacky mismatched china-as-wall-art, it takes away from the experience. 

Now, the nitty gritty: the food. Frankly, I was extremely underwhelmed. I go to a buffet for the sheer variety of food. I don't go to create one plate of meat & potatoes, a salad and a dessert. I like to go get a scoop of everything. Here, that added up to maybe 3 plates-worth of different dishes. Not a whole lot, comparatively. Some items were stand-outs though. I kept going back to the sushi bar again and again. Their sweet soy sauce is delicious and the fish was fresh. Also, there were mushrooms that were cooked to the point of melting in your mouth, with a great garlicky sauce. 

Everything else was average and, honestly, when you're paying around $30 per person, it should be way, way better.笑
It was ok.  We went around 2pm and paid lunch prices, but at 3, the buffet began to serve dinner entrees and options.  The quality of the food improved, but was surprised that the crab legs served were cold stone crab legs.  The guests were a little but aggressive, which I don't understand because the food is not going anywhere!笑
Bellagio Buffet is why I have Vegas withdrawals. When I first think about Vegas, my mind immediately jumps to.. BUFFET! And then which buffet? It's usually a battle between this and Wynn. The Buffet at Wynn is pretty amazing too, and then my mind wanders off to chocolate covered strawberries and Bellagio Buffet takes the cake! 

The prime rib is nice and juicy. The crab legs have a lot of meat in them. Good selection of pasta and pizzas too. Everything else was pretty good. And the desserts--the chocolate covered strawberrries FERSUREEEE! Strawberries are big and scrumptious full of juice and covered with the perfect layer of chocolate, not too creamy and not too dark. Withdrawals are happening right now as I'm typing! And the creme brulee was soooo yummy. I LOVE BELLAGIO BUFFET.笑
After coming here I would hesitate to pay full price for their breakfast/lunch buffet!! But with a free comp or free myvegas voucher. I am in! When it comes to the Bellagio name usually everything is amazing. This buffet however lacks that amazement. Its just ok.  The carving station provided several choices. I enjoyed the turkey the best. The chicken was so dry I could not eat it. The bbq beef...save yourself and avoid! The breakfast items were standard fare, but of course the deserts do shine at the Bellagio. The pizza station is pretty cool, but personally I dont want pizza at a buffet! I must get my moneys worth(or the free voucher moneys worth).The salad bar was very plentiful on options and good. The smoked salmon I had was really not good. My pieces tasted off with a horrible flavor. My drinks were filled quickly and plates removed faster than the speed of lightening. Overall ok. Just not spectacular!笑
pretty good pretty good. Not bad at all. Price was alright, $35 a person. Well it was our last day and we definitely wanted to try the Cesar Palace buffet but they had a 2 hour wait and it was $60 a person. This buffett had a lot of varieties. For seafood wise, they only offer shrimp, crab legs and smoked salmon for lunch. Dinner has sashmi/sushi. Damn! Well, my bf and I had a lot of crab legs, seaweed salad, pizza, chicken soup.. etc etc. I was super full at the end. Would recommend if you are staying in the Bellagio.笑
Not quite sure why reviews have been slipping but I still prefer Bellagio as my favorite buffet to hit up in Vegas. The one at Bucchanal is a close 2nd though. Bucchanal charges much more to Bellagio for what they serve in terms of unique food items.

Buffets I've been to in Vegas: Bellagio, Bucchanal (Caesars), Cravings (Mirage), Wicked Spoon, and Wynn.

I always come here for their Chilean sea bass. I'm a seafoody so any buffet that serves this fish wins it for me. The last time I came here they didn't have their "Gourmet Dinner" concept which I presume added their Beef Wellington, Kobe beef, Duck breast, Caviar, and their Alaskan King crab legs (Yes that's right, not Alaskan "Snow" crab legs which are much cheaper in price per lb). Now let's get down to what's good here:

Beef wellington was absolutely amazing here. I ate so many slices of this. Cooked perfectly to medium rare and perfect crusting wrapped around the beef tenderloin. Definitely recommending getting this item.

Kobe beef was surpisingly not that good. It was very lean and dry. We asked if we could have a more rare side but they didn't offer it. Kind of surprised. So I waited for the next batch and noticed it was more red this time around so I gave it another chance but stil it was very try and tough. I was expecting a marbly piece of meat. Maybe it was incorrectly labelled. It was not the Kobe beef I was expecting at all =S Would not try this item again.

Chilean Seabass was amazing as always. Did not change one bit from the last time I came here which was about 4 years ago. It's an expensive piece of fish that unfortunately other popular buffets do not serve. This again is a reason in itself to choose Bellagio buffet over the overs for those seafood lovers.

Alaskan King Crab and Snow Crab legs were very mediorce. Starting to not appreciate the frozen then thawed crab legs. They lack the real crab taste and it's super salty. I love crab legs but unfortunately it has come down to point where you need to just get them fresh to enjoy it. Frozen crab legs just don't count it for me anymore; the difference in taste is far too much now.

Prime rib is amazing as always; one of the better prime ribs served compared to the other buffets I think. They have beef juice and horseradish to go with it. I always get multiple slices of this everytime I come here. Definitely recommend trying it! Make sure it's medium rare or more rare! Anything cooked above medium-rare is just a waste of meat!

Caviar variety was okay but maybe I'm just not a caviar kind of guy. I tried all 3 of them caviars. Flying fish roe, Salmon roe, and Sturgeon roe (black caviar). They were all very salty and not much desired flavor. I'll pass on this the next time I come here but it's worth a try I guess since this is something new they added to the "Gourmet Dinner". I also tried their Steak Tartare which was okay. Not very appetizing though because it straight up looks like raw ground beef with some seasoning on it. Not for the faint hearted. I'd still give it a try since it's not usually offered during their non-Gourmet meals.

I still think this is the go-to buffet. I wouldn't mind going to Bucchanal again as well but I think the Bellagio buffet had more memorable items to come back for compared to the rest.笑
Amazing buffet. I can think of only one other five star buffet (Boma at DisneyWorld), but this one easily earns its five stars. Go at the cusp between meals (like 10ish between breakfast or 4ish between lunch and dinner) and you can sample more things. If you have the room. The food quality here is top notch. Several good sushi options, great pasta dishes like mushroom ravioli, kobe beef tenderloin, prime rib, squab, great gravies, and all kinds of other stuff. From the simple cheese and fruit to the well-crafted fancy desserts, this place does it right. This is a must visit when in Vegas.笑
This was our first stop on my trip to Vegas. Of course the line was long and slow, but the food was actually worth the wait. They had this really nice mushroom ravioli that seemed to satisfy everyone in my group. They did faulted a little on the Kobe beef the night we went to eat, but their desserts out did themselves as we couldn't get enough. Sadly I took one star away for price of food compared to the type of food they served. It seems more of our expenses went to pay off the atmosphere more then the food. Overall its a good place, NOT the best in my opinion but id definitely come back for a light lunch or brunch.笑
This was the first buffet I've ever been to (not including cheap places at home like the China Buffet), so I don't have much to compare it to... but WOW. I seriously loved everything on my plate, which included:

--lamb
--lobster ravioli
--california rolls
--mashed potatoes w/ deliciousness in them
--veal
--crab legs
--shrimp
--asian-marinated swordfish

Aaaaand, my mouth just filled with saliva.笑
We stopped by for a late breakfast and were plucked from the line for bar seating by Guillermo.  Great bartender; he was excellent.  Very friendly and took great care of us.

Selections were overall good and we made a pretty decent sampling of the offerings, though they seemed a bit limited.  I especially enjoyed the various salads and fresh fruit that was available.  Wife wasn't impressed with the eggs benedict.

Breakfast isn't one of my favorite meals of the day to begin with, so that probably clouds my review a bit.  I'd like to stop by for lunch or dinner; especially one of the gourmet nights to see what they're really capable of.笑
Breakfast Monday-Friday 7AM-11AM $18.99
Lunch Monday-Friday 11AM-3:30PM $22.99
Dinner Sunday-Thursday 3:30PM-10PM $33.99
Gourmet Dinner Friday&Saturday 3:30PM-10PM $39.99
Brunch Saturday&Sunday 7AM-3:30PM $29.99 w/ champagne $41.98
Ages 3 and under are free. 18% gratuity is included for a party of 8 or more.

As of July 26, 2014.

My family and I are occasional visitors of Las Vegas resorts. Occasional as in, at least once every other year. Came this past week for an early birthday celebration for my dad. We stayed in Bellagio and dined at this buffet twice this trip. And there is always a line!

So here is my TIP: Get a MLife card people! Once you reached past the beginners card, you can skip the long line at the buffets and go to the front. It probably saved us hours (no exaggeration). You also receive points on your card when you dine here (make sure you give it to them to slide).

Weekday lunch review: Used the Mlife card to bypass the long line. Super crowded. I would come before 11AM since it would be considered breakfast time and stay for both. There is a omelette service station with crab legs, shrimps as options. Eggs Benedict, salads, pizza, cocktail shrimps, carbs (pasta, bread, bagels), desserts (same as dinner), ice cream, sushi (few options), soups.

Weekday dinner review: Snow crab and king crab legs!! Prime rib (overcooked), ham (salty), rack of ribs (not bad), forgot what type of beef they had at the craving station but it was good, cockshrimps, pizza (why would you..), salad, 5 types of soups, dessert, ice cream machine, sushi, fruits, pasta, lots of fish, tuna and salmon poki. I had a food baby that night. As I recall from trips before, the Wicked Spoon had better options for desserts. Dessert isn't the best here nor special. Overall it's a good buffet though.笑
I wasnt impressed, not to mention didnt feel so hot later that day. The selection was minimal. The highlight was the sushi bar, but they only had california rolls. I wish I have tried the Paris and had their strawberry cream filled french toast....笑
You have to pay before even walking into the place and they expect you to tip before you even get served. Can you say, TACKY??? The same goes when you order a drink at the table, they take your card right when you order. To me that's just unacceptable for a "fine dining" atmosphere. On top of that, the food selection wasn't that great compared to when I went 4 years ago. Definitely won't be back.笑
I will start off by saying I got food poisoning after my visit here. It ruined my vacation and I spent the entire weekend in my hotel room doubled over in pain. I am trying to look past that and judge based on the food overall, but be forewarned, no matter how expensive or fancy a Buffett presents itself, at the end of the day it can still be a dangerous place to eat, especially with so many people touching everything and the cooks putting out undercooked burgers and other meats to try and keep up. 

The selection here is much smaller than I had anticipated. I've seen documentaries and food shows featuring this Buffett and had high expectations. There was very little to choose from, especially compared to the other buffets I visited last time. California rolls were the only sushi options. They did put out new dishes during our visit so they were providing some new options, like mini burgers. The quality overall is good. There are some genuinely tasty dishes and sides, just not enough to go back there. The service was ok, but not extraordinary.笑
decor and food much less impressive than wynn.  it is no longer a prime player of buffet.  no gelato in bellagio笑
A few friends and I visited the Bellagio's buffet expecting to pay a little over $30 for lunch, but were told lunch stopped at 3:00PM (despite the website saying 4:00PM at the time) and the price was now nearly $50 per person. Not too much of a disappointment, considering how hungry we came and how amazed we were upon walking in. 

There's so much to choose from at this buffet! They really have it all. Seafood (smoked salmon, crab legs, shrimp), excellent cuts of beef, salads, soups, pizza, extensive collection of dessert. It was so good that I had to return the next time I came to Vegas for New Year's Eve. 

As expected, it was just as good! It's crowded for the holidays, but the line goes pretty quickly. I can see myself continuing to come back on my future trips. With this buffet, you can't really go wrong!笑
Bellagio and Wynn are the best buffets in town. They're also the 
priciest,but worth every cent. If you've tried some of the other places,
Bellagio will surprise you with its quality and variety. Concentrate on
the expensive items,like the smoked salmon,don't waste room on
pizza or salad that you can eat anywhere. If you're confused by the 
selection try a small sample of each item,then on the next pass you'll
know which dishes to take. Most buffets have only a small number 
of really good things,so when there is this much selection it makes
sense to plan ahead. Keep in mind that Bellagio DOES NOT have any
good desserts,besides the fresh fruit,so don't worry about saving room,you won't need it. One last note: plan on tipping at least 20%,
or probably more. The service is that good.笑
Sat brunch...

good service, but their food is very average..

totally disappointed at their sushi bar.. 3 type of rolls, and none of them have real raw fish in them... 

their dessert section is way better than Wynn's buffet..

long line too..笑
This buffet is really the best in town!  My favorites are the shrimp, real crab California rolls, oven roasted salmon and flank steak.  Yum!  This is one of the reasons I will be back to Vegas many many many more times.  

Go for lunch - $20 - not bad, not bad at all for all that you get.笑
SO FRICKIN GOOD!!!

We were in Vegas last week and one of the stops we HAD to make was the buffet. Bellagio or Wynn? We decided to eat the buffet at Bellagio since we were at the hotel. We came in at 2:30pm and did not leave until after 5pm. Paid for lunch ($21something with tax) and stayed for dinner. It was awesome!!!!!!!! I love it! So many good food, so little stomach. 

Their bread pudding was the bomb!!! It was HELLA good esp when you eat it with ice cream. My friend told me not to eat it because it's a filler (carb) but I couldn't stop...it was really really really good! Their prime rib and crab leg and baked salmon sashimi and tuna roll and roasted chicken (i asked for a slice and the guy cut me HALF a chicken. DAMN) and the cocktail shrimps (super fresh) and all the pasta and gourmet desserts...OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG DROOL!!! I want to go back now! YUMM!

Some tips: come in around 3pm (2:30 was too early...we were full before dinner menu came out and had to stuff our faces for the prime rib and crab leg). If you come around 3pm-ish, then you can pace yourself before dinner menu comes out. Dinner starts at 4pm. skip all the "sugar-free" desserts. WTF if you're gonna eat, then EAT UP. you need to try the bread pudding. No joke. It was seriously one of the highlights of my buffet experience at Bellagio. LOVE THIS PLACE!笑
For how much this buffet is you would expect much better food. Something in this food made my sis and I soooo sick we were puking in the bathrooms outside.  Also they charged our party an automatic 80$ tip and the service was terrible. When I asked for tea he told me he will get it "hold on a minute!" They need to bring in higher quality food and service. The rio buffet is much better if you are a buffet type person:/笑
With all the buffets in Vegas, how do you possibly begin to choose which one to go to? Well, that's what I am here for, to eat on your behalf. 

The Good

- easy to find
- friendly servers, probably some of the more friendly staff I have met thus far
- never had a problem with a huge crowd/line in front of one particular item 
- lots of premium meat choices (beloved crab legs, lamb, etc.)
- vegetarian friendly
- line moved quickly @ 5:30pm on a Friday

The Bad

- nothing remarkable about the food overall, v standard
- could use more variety in ethnic food
- dessert did not impress :(

What did I end up eating personally?

- Street Tacos
- Too many different types of pasta
- Crab legs
- assorted desserts
- tea, thank you lord

Essentially the Bellagio Buffet gets the job done, but would not be my first choice if someone asked me which one to go to in Vegas.笑
Heard of this buffet on the food channel and decided to give it a shot while I was there for the day.  Not bad at all!
Didn't have to wait in line too long considering we just arrived there @6pm.  $60 buck (With included 18% automatic gratuity).  The ambiance was nice.  Very professional staff.  Impressed with the beautiful layout of the table and genuine silverware.  Overall food selection was good and of good quality.  Okay, the sushi section was not good at all.  Fish was not fresh and the spicy tuna handroll was spicy but was bland, I wonder if that made sense.  Nigiri salmon was almost on the fishy side.  Eck!  But the other parts of the selections of the buffet made up for it.  
I finally had the chance to try buffalo and it was good!  Lean meat without the gamey taste.  The veal was veal.  It was alright.  The prime rib was so tender and delicious!  Oh ya!  Roast beef was not bad either.  The roasted duck was peeling from the bones.  Yum!
Salad was decently good.  Gotta be adventurous with the many selections of non-traditional dressings.  Lobster ravioli was excellent.  4 cheese pizza was also great.  Yes, they had the pizza selection.  BBQ chicken pizza was not bad too.  I literally tried as much as I could just to try the many thing available but was too stuffed but managed to try a little bit of everything and it was majority thumbs up.  I had to save room for the dessert.  I'm a sucker for soft serve ice cream and that hit the spot with the slice of apple pie and napoleon was a great ending to the meal.  The server also brought me a great cup of fresh coffee to go with my dessert.    
The layout of the buffet was great without having to stand in lines like cattle.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Would I go spend on that buffet again.........Absolutely!笑
The first time I went to the Bellagio Buffet, I didn't find it all that great.  But the last time I went there... there was Kobe beef! and it was so good! That alone was worth the money! We also totally raided the dessert part of the buffet... chocolate covered strawberries and french madelines... YUM!笑
We went in at the end of lunch so we could get the dinner for the lunch price. The meat selection for dinner was phenomenal. The sushi was not all that fresh. The pasta was over cooked and the sauces were flavorless.

For us this buffet is a little better than other buffets we have eaten at but not so much better for the price they charge.笑
Great Buffet. Lamb was superb. Crab was pre cracked. Service quick. Food fresh always "reloading"  Asian food~eh...(Rio's better at it) other than that pretty good. Will come back笑
Yes, the line to pay and get in does sometimes take long, but take turns standing in line while friends gamble and it's not so bad and hey if you're like us one of you might win $1000! ORRRR just get there early like we did this past weekend and walk right in!

Aim to get there at the "perfect time" this is when they're going from breakfast to lunch or from lunch to dinner. This way you get all the menu items from both dinning shifts. If  you're a meat eater and you're there during breakfast you must try the breakfast beef tenderloin steaks. They are a piece of carnivourouse heaven. Actually I bet when you go to carnivorous heaven this is what's served for breakfast every day with a side of bacon and sausage! 

Don't be a**holes like we were and forget to tip your waiters. They do a great job of getting you drinks and keeping you refilled. We once left without tipping (we totally forgot) and I feel bad to this day! UPDATE: I found the waiter we didn't tip last time and made up for our slip up!

This buffet is on my list of top 5 Vegas Buffets!笑
This place used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas, but after visiting again this year (hadn't been since 2007) you can tell the quality has completely gone down the toilet.  I recommend going to the Wynn, their buffet is much better - like Bellagio used to be.笑
Bellagio has fantastic dessert options. The frozen custard and creme brûlée were amazing. They also served watermelon, which I haven't seen at other buffets. In terms of variety, they could've had more options, but the food they did have was made really well. They don't serve you drinks, it is a bit pricey, and the customer service could be better, but I enjoyed it overall.笑
After reading reviews on the long lines at Bellagio, we decided to get there early for lunch. The line moved quickly and we were able to take advantage of the breakfast price right at 11am. I was disappointed the restaurant did not look upscale but was not disappointed with the food. It is the only buffet out of four we ate at that served freshly squeezed orange juice. Because we like our meat well done, we asked for our flank steak to be well done, and it was the best steak we have ever had, It was marinated just right. We would be happy to go back to Bellagio just for that. Even though it was lunch, many breakfast items were still being served the whole time were there, and slowly replaced by lunch items. For the quality and taste of food and service, I would give it five stars. The only disappointment was the desserts. They looked better than they tasted which was not a good way to end a meal. All in all, the quality of food and service were what I would expect from Bellgio. Even our 15-year-old daughter enjoyed it so much she kept asking us to go back during the next three days we were deciding on our dining options.笑
If you're looking to save some money on buffets - look no further. 

This place is one of the cheaper buffets in Vegas and it shows. Our group of 20 piled in here and they stacked us a huge line of tables as we held up the line...

Anyway the buffet is pretty good. I wouldn't say any of the food was fantastic or amazed me it was just - alright. But considering we spent way less than the other ones in Vegas I wasn't complaining.笑
Yum.  


That little 3 letter word sums it up.  I got here at 1045am.  The breakfast buffet closes at 11am.  I suggest you get there earlier to take full advantage of what this beast has to offer.  I couldn't get an omelette, as the line for it was like at a sizzler or waiting for crab legs, but man, they looked good.  Instead I just got the normal buffet fare.  There were 3 different kinds of potatoes (sliced thinly, cubed, and baked), the bacon was crispy but still had amazing taste, multiple sausages, waffles, french toast, pancakes, chorizo, etc.  It was all amazing, even though the scrambled eggs were a bit runny (I dislike runny eggs.  A lot.).  For $16 (this includes tax), I say it is well worth it.  If only I were hungrier (or was I too hungry from waiting too long??), I would've done more than $16 worth of damage.  Instead, I only probably did $13.  Sad.

Oh yea, the orange juice was amazing.  I highly recommend it.笑
Absolutely phenomenal. The crab, steak tartar, and Kobe beef are standouts to me. Great experience! A must go in Vegas.笑
I guess if you've been to vegas many times and you dont care what you eat - go here. Same/similar food everyday and the tastes were medicore.笑
The sushi selection is great here!!  Their poke is delicious as are the special rolls.  This part of the buffet and the plentiful crab equals 4.5 stars.  Another good dish was the lobster mac n cheese.

The rest of the buffet is just mediocre.  The pastas taste bland.  Everything is overcooked, sitting under heat lamps.  The turn over on the food was very slow.  The desserts looked delicious, but failed to taste that way.  The restaurant is a bit outdated and we felt like we were eating in a cafeteria.笑
SO i forked over 40 dollars for what i was expecting to be BOMB buffet. what a waste of 40 dollars for a special memorial lunch buffet! i remember it being better but apparently my memory served me wrong.
so they had king crab legs and shrimp but everything else was just alright.笑
Tip- if you can go early, otherwise you will be line for 30-45 minutes. We got lucky a random lady gave me a line pass which allowed us to straight to the front of the line. 

This place offers a large selection that would please most people and because they are busy the food is fresh because they constantly have to refill. I enjoyed the sea bass and dessert. Besides the variety, there is nothing special about this place. The food was not great. Not worth $40 if you are not going to eat like a starving person.笑
Pretty good buffet. came here for lunch and they have good options. I recommend coming here for dinner though because they have more seafood and crabs. The steak they serve is good and the gravy is AMAZING!!!! Dessert options are really good as well. Probably one of my favorite buffets. come for dinner not lunch though!!笑
We came to The Buffet at Bellagio for their Saturday brunch for $28.99 +tax. My boyfriend who came for dinner in Dec 2010 was all flattery about The Buffet at Bellagio. The price is expensive, but compared to the other buffets at the other hotels on the Strip, it was about right.

When we arrived around noon, the line was long, but it moved pretty fast. You don't really line up to wait for an available table, but a line to pay the buffet upfront before you are seated, that's why it moved pretty fast, I thought. Within less than 30 minutes, I think, we were seated.

The first thing to do when buffeting is, if possible, to survey the food LIVE! before you pay, especially when it is expensive. but we had planned for the trip to Vegas to buffet at The Bellagio, we'll go for it. 

I first went for the Chinese dim sum menus for a warm-up: the porridge/congee, Chinese broccoli, chicken satay, and sio-may were all Meh. Congee, my favorite food, could stretch for more flavours rather than just plain. But, they may play it safe, go for the generalities. The pad thai and the wonton soup were just terrible! 

The sushi and shrimp cocktails. I love shrimp cocktails, but theirs were alright. I think instead of placing the shrimps on an ice bath, they could have presented them in glasses with the sauce and lemon. The goal of buffet is to let your customers devour each type of food in the right quantity and awe them in the presentation of the food on their plates/table. These factors are important in giving your customers a pleasant buffet experience for each type of food offered. The sushi varieties - only 1-2? - were pretty, very disappointing. The spicy tuna sushi, too bad, the spiciness is overpowering the sushi. NO! The seaweed, my favorite too, is icy cold. What???!!! The Buffet at Bellagio is serving an upscale seaweed icy??? So, I took the upper layer, which are not in solid chunks.

The salmon and another type of fish, they were not in great quality, I think. I tried a little bit, and said O NO!!! The salmon is too fishy and the fish is bland? I forgot exactly, but I would not have a second bit of bite of them. The fish +sauces and an Italian bow-spaghetti. They taste like beginner's cooking style. 

The steak! This is the tricky part!!! Their food is served at the right temperature to my plate, but by the time I walked back and seat myself, it was room temperature, depending on the starting served temperature. Especially for the steak, where they serve it at the JUST RIGHT temperature AT the line, you want to take it then walk back. My second serving of steak, I was picking at it after I walked out of the line. It was better! Then, I thought I can't be eating RIGHT THERE with the crowd buzzing by, so I ordered for only steak and went back immediately and so on. Troublesome! But hey! this is what would satisfy my taste and what I have paid for. I am a steak lover!!!

Last, the dessert. I like that they were served in small quantity in small plates, what I expected on the shrimp cocktail. I liked the chocolate mousse with raspberry, my favorite combination on a serving. The cheesecake was great, but the kitchen men didn't beat it well enough I still can feel the sugar texture in the cheesecake. I can't be eating tiny bits of sugar in my every bite of cheesecake. The desserts were good, all right; nothing too fancy on the taste. 

We stayed until 3:30pm, the $31.99 rate. They came out with more cuts of steak - kobe beef and beef rib rack, crab legs, more, but similar types of dessert. We didn't double check to see if the sea bass my bf was raving about during his 2010 visit was still here. He also said that The Buffet at The Bellagio seemed to be the only one Vegas had at that time. Now, the competition is ON!

I love to eat! and I sure love buffets! but over time, I realized that it is wise to choose non-buffets over buffets. To choose quality over quantity, your choice goes a LONG WAY! Buffet quality is always so-so. The featured unlimited quantity is for the starving tummy, but there is only X much space your being - the tummy, the tongue, the nose, the eating mood - can savour at the given time. Overdoing leads to destruction! The only reason anyone should go for a buffet is if they feel like trying VARIETIES, of course, to taste them in a small quantity. Then, the money is worth the buffet! Still, I felt a buffet brunch visit at The Bellagio would still be a waste of $$$! I can never say about their dinner, because I wouldn't go back there again. They lost me at brunch.笑
They no longer serve king crab legs, only snow crab legs. No wonder why the price is cheaper than what it was. Very disappointing since that is what I was looking forward to. I'm willing to pay more for their already cracked king crab legs. I hope they bring it back. The rest of the food is just mediocre.笑
I'm writing this as I'm finishing up desert. Honestly this place was hyped up. I came here based on the reviews. I was really looking forward to this place but my husband and I are disappointed. We anticipated for some really good quality dishes. The food wasn't bad but alright nothing amazing. As we were standing on line and saw how long the line was getting we were thinking like wow this place must be that good for people to wait 30-40mins. The place was spacious. The buffet is all in one area and the choices were limited. Some dishes were better than others. The dessert  was the best part! Save your money and try a better quality buffet!笑
As a Las Vegas local and big fan of the buffet, I say this is easily the best buffet in town.  Have eaten here about a dozen times and will say it's consistently fantastic.   

So much variety cooked to perfection and the taste is amazing across the board.  The service staff must be well taken care of because they are always attentive, polite, and efficient.

I seriously question the objectivity of anyone who offers up less than 4 stars for this magnificent wonderland of gluttony.笑
Can you say yum?  Probably one of the best buffets I've ever been to.  Save a bit of money by lining up right before lunch ends to save money and still get food they serve for lunch and dinner.

Amazing desserts.  Crab great (but needed to be a bit defrosted the last time I went).

Worth the trip and the money for sure.笑
So disappointed in the buffet last  night. My husband and I had eaten here 2 years ago and we felt  it was the best buffet on the strip as it had many unusual and delicious salads, top chef meats, a pasta selection to die for and a great dessert selection. We bragged it up to family and friends and brought our family here last night. Not one family member said they'd return. Too expensive for mediocre food. Soup was barely warm and there were only 3 lettuce salads to choose from. Pasta bar was ok. Meat and seafood selection was average! I'd recommend the Buffet at the Orleans instead of the Bellagio!笑
4 stars for the food
2 stars for the service from Esmer

I've eaten at Bellagio's Buffet at least once each time I visit Las Vegas. The food has always been good... this time I had a VERY VERY RUDE Waitress.

This is the letter I wrote to them:
Hello Bellagio Management,

Over the Labor Day weekend my family and I came to Las Vegas. On Monday evening we came to "The Buffet" in Bellagio. I've always had fond memories of the food there, and it did not disappoint this time, the desserts were beautiful as always (Compliments to the chef/cook that prepared the Beef Wellington, it was fabulous)

The "problem" I have is the demeanor of one of your waitress named Esmer (Picture attached) For over $30 a head I would've expected much better service, even if it is a buffet. Esmer came over about 5 minutes after we were seated, without a smile or any facial expression except boredom or sleepiness, she asked us what we wanted to drinks, and slowly walked away. Then our drinks came...slowly....one at a time. It gets worst. When we asked for refills on the drinks, it took over 10 minutes, we had a coke at both ends of the table, she refills one, goes off to a refill other tables then comes back and refills the other coke at the other end of our table.

I may be bias because of the bad attitude so far, but I think she gave us a dirty look when we asked her if she can clear off some of the used plates off our table. She said "Just wait!" and walked off. When she finally came over to clean off the plates 15 minutes later, she said nothing, there was no apology for the wait or for the fact that we had stacked up all our dirty plates to make room, she picked up 2 of the dirty plates and just walked off. Most of our drinks were empty again, we didn't bother to ask for another refill just to see if she was smart/nice enough to do it without asking. We sat and chatted for another 30 minutes before leaving, the rest of our dirty plates (about 12) were still on the table, we were sucking on melted ice at this point, we know she was still working, but she never came around.

Maybe it was us, but I don't think so because we said "hello how are you doing" with a smile at the very beginning, we put on a face and was nice to her no matter what. She just had a bad attitude from the very beginning. We should've left about $50 to make a 20% tip, we left a $20....it was way too much for her.

As I've said, the food was good, but she's horrible. I've had better service at Denny's. Please have someone re-train her.笑
I have been hearing that this is one of the best buffets in Vegas. While the food is exceptional quality, it was all just regular buffet food. Just regular crab legs, shrimp, and prime rib. I would recommend this buffet to those folks who are not buffet buffs who are looking for just good food. For those who are like me and are buffet enthusiasts, this would be a boring, run of the mill buffet. None the less, I would go again and again and again. Yup!笑
I am obsessed with the buffet at the Bellagio. There are so many different choices that it makes your head spin. It's difficult to not want to indulge here! For breakfast they have amazing meats, breads, fruit, fish, porridges and so much more that it's difficult to list!! During lunch they have fresh sushi, steak, salads and soups that are all so delicious that you have to try a little of everyone one. Yes they are more expensive, but the quality is honestly so worth it for what you get. There are
So many buffets in Las Vegas, but I believe that this one tops them all.笑
The food was very good. The price was decent if you think about the location. The only thing I can complain about is that the receptionists were somewhat rude.笑
ive been for breakfast lunch and dinner. and dinner is def the time you want to go...the selection is better and the quality is as well... the service is great the price to match. the selection for everything food-dessert is over whelming. its kinda loud it felt like i was back in school. but better food.笑
After coming three times in the past 21 years, I am able to say that paying the $30 to eat at this buffet is NOT worth it. Their selection of food is great, but the quality of the food... not so much. It's very obvious it was frozen before being set out. Crab legs were still thawing and eating the cake felt like I was just eating a big chunk of flavored whipped cream!!!笑
I prefer it to one at the Wynn but both are probably among the best in Las Vegas.  Maybe it was constant refilling of crab legs when I went for dinner once, or the time the chef cooking my omelette calling me sir was carefully using his spatula to make sure every corner of the egg was cooked evenly.  There is a bit of a line and it is a little bit more than others on the Strip but these little details that make all the difference.笑
This is one off favorite buffets in Vegas.  It really isn't that much more expensive that most of the other buffets on the strip, but the quality of food is SO much better than rest.  Definitely worth the extra cost.笑
The last time I went to the Bellagio buffet was back in 2007. I can honestly say the quality has went down hill drastically. We went for the weekend brunch on a saturday afternoon. I expected some really good food since I remembered really enjoying it before and even compared it higher to the Wynn. 

The selection was very low at the items were not as high quality as many of the yelpers mentioned. For brunch, they had regular buffet fare, breakfast foods, pancakes, eggs, potatoes, waffles, french toast, omlette station. This type of food is being served at any buffet and there's nothing special. I noticed they had 2 breakfast stations which makes the selection even smaller.

Sushi..california rolls, and vege rolls. C'mon guys, if you want to be a top player, serve some more specialized rolls. California rolls are too common nowadays at the buffets in vegas, please serve them with something more special such as tempura, salmon tempura, yellow tail tuna, albacore to make it really "stand" out from the competition.

Soups...mushroom and chicken noodle. another "average" selection.

Meats, turkey, roast beef, and lamb, pretty standard again.

Seafood, there was no crab legs for the weekend brunch which I thought was stranged.

Bottom line, if you want just an over priced average brunch, Bellagio is the winner. They don't even have real ice cream, it comes from a frozen yogurt machine. I had a wayyy better brunch at one of the Station casinos off the strip.笑
I don't know who is paying $40 a person, who had dry turkey, or whatever, but I just went there less than a week ago and I paid $20ish for my lunch and it was AMAZING! They had everything from terriyaki flank steak (sooo tender!) to pesto mashed potatoes, to sweet potatoes with some kind of fruit juice (pineapple juice maybe? very creative and unique! and yummy!!) to pesto mozzarella balls with walnuts and cranberries... there was sushi, crab legs, fresh chilled shrimp, mushroom ravioli with truffle cream sauce... it was amazing.  The cheesecake was the best cheesecake I've ever had.  They had a crunchy coffee tiramisu dessert thing that was phenomenal.  It was all wonderful.  The coffee, even, was delicious.  I was very, very happy with my experience there and will DEFINITELY be going back on my next visit to Vegas.  I loved it!  Oh, I probably wouldn't go there for brunch on Sunday because it is $40 or $50 bucks and I think one of the reasons I'm so happy about my experience is because the food was incredible and $20! Which is pretty close in rate to the other buffets in town (some of which should be ashamed of themselves!).笑
Very unpleasant staff. When I questioned why price was 17.99 yesterday and now 30 today, cashier rolled her eyes and in an exasperated tone informed me that weekend brunch was more. Ok. Try posting prices and we won't have to ask!  Then trying to get seated with dozens of empty tables took 15 min of waiting for 5 staff members ambling around like mindless zombies to finally decide to seat people. Then getting served cold "hot" tea by a clearly confused waiter/waitress (? - still not really sure what they were and I'm a physician). I think next time I need to just grab a croissant elsewhere笑
Another place to stuff your face while on The Strip. The Buffet isn't up in the ranks as Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal, but it sure is a hell of a lot better than the Wynn's buffet. 

During the holiday weekends, the price boosts to a few bucks more than what you'd pay for on an ordinary day. For brunch, we paid nearly $40 per person. 

You can expect the usual buffet stations: Meat carving station, seafood, salads, Italian, Asian, American, and dessert. I made second trips to the Asian section, which offers Chinese broccoli, vegetarian chow mein, and shumai. Dessert was primarily breakfast pastries, with a sprinkling of cheesecakes, brownies, cookies, and cakes here and there. Sugar-free and gluten-free options are available, which is terrific if for those with dietary restrictions; however, they could've been better. The gluten-free brownie I had was somewhat dense, and the sugar-free lemon cheesecake had a distinct artificial flavor. To me, dessert was a disappointment, seeing as how this is where I load up on carbs. 

The Buffet isn't bad, especially if you're staying at the hotel and don't want to venture too far. But I think you get more bang for your buck at either of the ones I mentioned up top.笑
All the sads. I used to LOVE this buffet. But over the years it has gone down hill; not very fresh, not very tasty, not much to choose from. Yet, the price is still up there. I was severely disappointed and won't be returning.笑
A good buffet but slightly over priced at $25.00 especially after eating at the Main Street Garden Buffet at a fraction of the price ($10.00) Food selection was decent, the sushi selection was VERY limited. Dessert selection was decent. Overall, good option if you live close by otherwise there may be better option when price is taken into consideration.笑
This was just ok.  I probably psyched myself out as everyone says you must go to a buffet in Vegas so I had my hopes super high but unfortunately was let down.  They had a great selection of items however not all items were as tasty as they looked.  They had salmon, ribs, breakfast food, Chinese food, pastas, sushi and mashed potatoes to name a few but not all appetizing as they looked unfortunately.  This buffet also didn't include any alcoholic beverages, which was somewhat of a disappointment as well but I digress.  All in all the buffet was ok they had a delicious soft serve and their desserts were above average but nothing to write home about.笑
I'd give it a 3.5 if i could....not 100% over the top, but definitely one of the better buffets I've ever been too.  Plus i'm pleased we cheated the system and ate dinner for the price of lunch!

If you're planning on eating here, get in line around 315/330p so that you've paid before the dinner prices kick in at 4p.  You'll be glad you did.  Not only will you have saved $$ that you can now lose later at the tables, but you'll get a taste of lunch and their fabulous dinner!

The array of food is absolutely insane.  I filled my plates and took of a few bites of each thing and shared the rest with friends at the table.  The prime rib, beef wellington, and lamb will melt in your mouth!  The sushi is decent buffet sushi, and the spicy tuna and salmon poke is delish!  The crab and shrimp were disappointing.  Both on ice and water logged especially since the crab legs were already split; however, you can take the crab legs over to the Asian Station and they'll steam them up.  I didn't take the time to do it, but that just sounds better!  The pesto mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, asparagus, mushrooms, etc were all very flavorful.  AND of course, i'm so glad i passed up all the sweet treats throughout the trip and saved it for the buffet because they were YUMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!! I highly recommend the little chocolate dome, the pecan tart, and the lemon meringue (as long as you like it tart!).    

Late lunch, early dinner...saves you money, a long wait in line, and gives you time for food to digest.笑
Totally not worth the wait! Took my family here last night for dinner and we all very disappointed. After 1h wait in line, we are all starving so our satisfaction expectation are very low already. However, everything is wrong from Kobe beef to King crab legs. The crab legs are all frozen and tasteless even after boiled up upon oir request. The Kobe beef tastes mediocre just like any kind of beef u can get at Vons. Even the sitting area is just plain and boring looking like other 3 star buffet such as ones at Paris or Ceasar Palace. Save your money and Time guys, check out Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. 10x time better!笑
A lot of food for 43$ !! 
I mean a LOT of food. Go there if you have half a day to try everything. It surely is worth it. I'll review what I tried - a little bit of most things. 
The service was okay. We got water and our juices and coffee quite late but that's okay because you have other things to eat. 
Definitely try their pesto mashed potato, tiramisu, salad bar, scallopini. They also have thanksgiving stuff (maybe because it was the day after) and a nicely toasted leg of lamb. Their fruit bar is huge. Every kind of berries and you can pair it with yogurt. There's also waffles, pancakes, bread, croissants, jams, jellies, muffins, other kinds of bread. Eggs can be made to order yayy! You also get scrambled. Try their shrimp! It's mostly fresh. I also tasted the noodles and it was moderately spicy :) the dessert spread is a delight. I tried their tiramisu but my friends loved the lemon cake and mousse too. 
You get juices and coffee etc for the same amount which is great.笑
This review is for 8/18/14 lunch time. This was to be our last buffet before we headed back home from our vacation. We had decided to save a good one for the end and we were disappointed. Lunch for 2 people $50 and it was slim pickings, they still had breakfast out in 2 stations and when we were leaving they still had breakfast out. Not a big variety of items, the lay out reminds me of the planet Hollywood buffet, nothing exciting that would knock your socks off. The food was warm some items were a hit and miss, the dessert station was disappointing. Best thing I ate was the turkey and brisket, the flank steak was way too bloody. Will I go back? No, not for that price.笑
not too bad, but to be frank, the buffet not meet my expectation. or the buffet in some hotel in china is much better? a little disappointed.笑
Oh my...there is way too much food here!!! I typically try to avoid buffets but was going along with the group. In my mind buffets are a little gross with bad quality food but Vegas breaks my negative attitude. 

We went on Friday night for dinner...we got there at 6:15pm and had to wait in line for about 45 minutes. I started talking to the guy in front of me and he told me that he waited an hour and half to be seated on Thursday Night.... wow this guy must love waiting in buffet lines! Oh yeah ATT cell service and 3G were not very good in line, so don't expect to waste some time surfing the net or writing a Yelp Review. 

On to the food...cost per person was 37 bucks. This place was loaded full of high ticket items: Sushi, Crab Legs, Shrimp, Kobe Sirloin, Prime Rib, Beef Wellington, Goose, Quail, and Duck. So if you are looking to try and bust the bank, then I recommend you eat at least 2 pieces of everything I just listed. Also included in the buffet: Salad, Soup and Bread... please don't eat this...if you wanted this don't come here go to the Olive Garden...you will save about 30 bucks. There were also several different pizzas and pastas. And it just keeps going...if you cant find something you like here then you way too picky. A few more items to mention: Pork Ribs, Mac and Cheese, vegetables, Spicy Beef, Asian Noodles...I'm full just typing all of this. And if you are still hungry there is a giant desert bar! I think I am in a food coma...I need to go and roll to my hotel room!!!笑
Didn't live up to it's expectations. Food was boring and wait staff was disorganized. Go to the Wynn.笑
Hubby and I went here over Memorial Day weekend and had high expectations - andy why not, this was Bellagio of course!
Where oh where to start...at first pass the carving stations all look wonderful, but alas upon tasting each one, nothing and I mean NOTHING stood out or even reached average...yes, they were all that bad.  Everything seemed to be just sitting way too long and meats were dried out...the Wellington was something we were looking forward to trying, but what the hell is that piece of liver in there for!?  Aaahhh.... to top it off, for the price you pay you would expect to have some steamed crab legs, especially on a holiday weekend - come on!  And why aren't your chefs doing their best in keeping that station filled!?  Legs were so skimpy and it gets irritating when there's only one set of tongs while 8 people are behind you just hawking at their chance to grab those tongs outta your hand.  Make a bigger crab section for god's sake and bring out more serving tongs!  The whole layout of their food sections is so compact that everywhere I turned, there was someone in the way...and please get rid of those stupid rope barriers between your meats and sides, they don't work.
Our server was non-existent the entire dinner and our plates were being picked up by other servers who were passing by and noticed that we were eating with our dirty plates still at the side of our table...where the hell was our server?? Nowhere to be found or seen - and I'm serious.  We did not see him at all from a distance or walking around anywhere else....he just disappeared and the service for our table was just ignored.
Trying to get the best of our money, still gave other items the benefit of the doubt and tried a little here and a little there....but nothing worked out.  And this fact was most evident later that evening and the following day when we both fell ill to what we devoured there.
Never have I ever thought that I would be rating a 5-star resort buffet giving them only 1-star....too bad.  We will never be back here.笑
I attended the Bellagio's buffet for a wedding dinner. This was my first time in Vegas so this experience was new for me. First thing first, the waitresses were nothing short of amazing. With a party of about 35-50 people, they never ceased being attentive and hospitable. Not to mention that we all had the unlimited drink special for $14.99 and they never lost a beat. The ambience, food and drinks were all amazing. There are many many options on the buffet so choosing what to eat can be a bit overwhelming. Be sure to save room for dessert! There's plenty to choose from.笑
I am rating this based on food, cost, wait time, and service. 

 I am a foodie. I love food and am willing to spend on food. I know good food when I have it. This was just not it.  I come to vegas roughly 7-8 times a year, with at least week long visits. I love trying new food, and slowly i am getting to try all the restaurants found on the strip. 

Food 1/5: The food here is mediocre at best. For the Bellagio being a luxury hotel the food offered at the buffet is extremely underwhelming. This buffet does not have much of a selection, and most of the food looked unappetizing. The best things were the roasted chicken, crab, tacos, and the mashed potatoes. Out of the 20 or some deserts they serve- the bread pudding was the best ( I tried each one of them). The food was just boring. 

Cost 1/5:  On a week night ( M-TH) with tax roughly $37. We were expecting it since we are in Vegas and the buffets are infamous; so we didn't mind. But, with that cost we were expecting more of deliciousness and less of blah. With what I ate I could have went to any other place and spent a quarter of the price. Overall the cost was not worth the food at all. 

Wait time 1/5: We went on a Monday night and we spend nearly 1 hour and 15 minutes in line. We got there around 7:15 pm and didn't enter the buffet until 8:30 or so. What was more upsetting was when we entered the buffet there were empty tables left and right. WTH?!? I was so hungry that I didn't even have the energy to complain about the poor managerial skills. After I ate, there was no sign of the manager to speak to :(. 

Service 5/5: Once we sat down, the service was impeccable. Our waiters were so diligent, kind, and helpful. The best part of our experience. I gave the buffet 2 stars instead of 1 because of the service. 

Overall, I would not come back nor would I recommend it. There are many more buffets and/or restaurants on the strip that I would rather eat at. I am glad I tried it just to say I tried it. Part of trying something or somewhere new is sometimes you hit it and other times you miss it. This my friends was a big fat miss.笑
So, since 40 Gabillion other people have already reviewed this buffet, I'll just go into my faves / disappointments very quickly.

I think I expected something more, based on all the hype and hooplah.  But the Bellagio Buffet, in all its' glory, is still a BUFFET.  I don't know why I expected other, but I did.  That being said, it's a darn good buffet, with options that are not only not found at other buffets, but that a lot of people wouldn't get the chance to try elsewhere. (I doubt they serve Bluenose and Kobe Beef in, like, Iowa or whatever.)

*****TIP*****  We arrived 15 minuted before the end of lunch / beginning of dinner.  We paid the lunch price, but feasted on the dinner goodies.  Just plan to spend 2+ hours.  It's fun to do this when you go with a group and can pass the time with a few drinks and some good conversation.

The Not-So-Much:   
I was SO unimpressed with their desserts.  I know I'm in the minority here, but we grabbed a Flan, which was inedible, a Chocolate Mousse Cake with Hazelnuts (weak flavor) and a Lemon bar of some sort.  That was the best of the bunch, and even it was meh.
Also: The lamb was overcooked and chewey. (We like it rare, it was medium.)
The Crab Legs:  They were like sponges, you could squeeze the water out of them. Gross.

The Interesting:
Roast Quail
Bluenose (Very similar to Seabass. See the "Awesome" seciton.)

The Good:
Scallop Ceviche.
Seaweed Salad.
Fresh Mozarella Pesto.
Kobe Beef Sirloin (Flavorful but not tender.)

The Awesome:
Mashed Sweet Potatoes (With Ginger and Orange)
Bluenose (They prepared it in various ways.  I had 3 helpings!)
House-Cured Bacon (Think Smoked Pork Belly!  YUM!)
Smoked Trout (It was amazing.)
Salmon Nigiri (It was REALLY good. Definitely NOT Buffet Sushi Quality.)


It was overall an impressive spread.  But the price is high, and it wasn't the supreme perfection that would make me not want to experience the Wynn, Carnival @ Rio, or Cravings @ the Mirage.笑
Pricey but very good food. If you go in a large group be prepared to add the gratuity before you eat. The selection was awesome and very elegant presentation. Some of the food did not taste too good but the majority of it was delicious.笑
On December 28, 2009, I had the Belagio's dinner buffet including a beef Wellington, cocktail shrimp, king crab legs, roasted duck, hand sushi rolls, pasta, pecan tart, caramel flan, and crème burlee. I would have given this place 5 star for its exceptionally well-cooked and scrumptious food but the wait line seemed liked forever. I was in line at 7:00pm and I was not seated until 9:00pm.笑
Vegas has a plethora of buffets, with ones at The Wynn, Planet Hollywood, and Cosmopolitan, just to name a few. Those, I've been to, and I've had a mixed bag of experiences.

The Bellagio, however, is a classic. I typically make my way to this particular buffet once a year.

Under $30 for a buffet lunch? That's almost unbeatable in Vegas, considering the quality of buffet you're getting - salads, seafood, Asian, Greek, American, an assortment of meats and seafood - go there during lunch. But also, if you arrive during the 11-3 lunch rush on weekends (which essentially spans the entire lunch time frame), be prepared with other forms of entertainment, as you'll most likely be graced with a 1-2 hour wait.

However, for dinner, they offer lamb, the beef wellington, crab legs, shrimp cocktail, steak tartare, and ahi/salmon poke - in addition to the goodness they serve at lunch. 

More $, More Gluttony? Less $, Less Gluttony?

Expect to pay a little under $50 for dinner, but the choice of trade-off is yours.笑
If you had only one buffet to eat at in Vegas, you'll want to spend it here. Although, you may wait an hour and a half like I did...you won't be sorry. The wait is the worst part because there are no chairs and your legs begin to hurt, but the pain in your legs start overpowering your growling stomach and you soon forget how hungry you are....um, never mind. You don't forget your hunger, you just get hurting legs too. Note: if you have one of their memberships you can skip the lines and go right in.

Once you are in, welcome to all-you-can-eat heaven! Seriously, plan to spend your time just eating...make it an event! There are several stations representing all the food groups...especially the sugar group! The desserts are beautiful! 

It's pretty crowded, but they continue to replenish the food so no one is missing out. They have a sushi station, more hearty food for your meat-eaters, soups, salads...and lots more! 

The prices are steep, but it's a great buffet and worth your money if you take your time and eat everything.笑
One of the best buffets I've been to in Las Vegas! I was there for a late lunch. Everything was fresh and top quality. Some favorites included the bbq ribs and gourmet pre-made salads. Starting at 4pm (for dinner), there are mountains of King crab and Snow crab which were good, (but a bit salty). Desert options include sugarfree cheesecake, which was creamy!笑
Well... being vegetarian (fish/seafood is okay) and lactose intolerant really is not the greatest thing to be when going to a dinner-time buffet in Las Vegas.  I was expecting more from the Bellagio.  

Seafood:  The crab legs were so scrawny.  Mussels were pretty good.  Fish was... okay.  

Sushi:  I really don't like eating lots of sushi at buffets unless it's more of the expensive stuff, like ikura, but they only had salmon poke and generic cheaper stuff.

Pastas:  Only one pasta that was non-dairy.  And it had meat.  They had a sweet potato ravioli... and I am pretty sure it had cheese/dairy in it... but they chef said it didn't.  My bf tasted it before I ate it... and yes it did have dairy in it.  Thanks for almost making me sick chef.

Make your own seafood crepe bar:  Pretty good concept, BUT.  Again with the creme-sauces... all with dairy or cheese.  Again, the chef said no cheese, but after my bf tasted it... said I shouldn't risk it.  Double bad on the chefs.

Made a 2nd seafood crepe... without sauce this time.  and you should have only used 1/4 of the butter you used to cook it.  Seriously.  I felt like throwing up after eating a bite.  I couldn't eat after that.  Made me a little sick.  =(  Triple bad on chefs.

Desserts:  Pretty good.  Had a Creme Brulee.  You could taste the burning.  

So my take is:  If you're vegetarian or lactose intolerant... or both... then this is not a great buffet for the price.  My bf eats meat and he said the same.  Nothing special.  Not even a good buffet for the price.  Last trip I ate at the M Resort buffet and the Wynn buffet.  Go there instead and save your stomachs and money.笑
I remember this Buffet being amazing.  It was really really good, but I am not sure if it was that incredible this time around. 

Lots of good food and the service was nice.  We got in before 9:30 so there wasn't a line.  By the time we got out the line was waaay out the door.  

Love the made-to-order omelet and the delicious shrimp galore.  The roasted potatoes were the absolute highlight. Yum! The desserts are beautiful and tasty.  Will be back when I am in Vegas.笑
Hypothetically, if I died tomorrow and needed a place to spend eternity, I would definitely haunt the buffet at Bellagio.

My game plan: 
1. Fill up on light loads (ahi tuna, and the weird shrimp salad was surprisingly good) 
2. Go for the heavy hitters (Filet Mignon, prime rib, lamp chops were yummy, venison was... eh... stringy? I thought Bambi would be more tender... that purple sauce didn't help either... and smoked salmon) 
3. Finally the "you'll never get full off of this" grand finale... crab legs. Well... eventually (two hours later) that theory was proven to be... quite false.

After three plates of main course, it was time for what I aptly dubbed "Operation Dessert Storm." Of course we were all feeling it by now, but dammit, we made a pact to taste every dessert in here. So... between me and two of my friends, we grabbed one of each dessert from the bar and split each one three ways. By the end, all was left was about 3 giant piles of little plates and cups and a couple of lemon flavored stuff that nobody wanted. I guess the general consensus was that lemon flavor = too sour for this type of mass indigestion. Needless to say the waitress was thoroughly surprised that two guys and a girl can cause this amount of destruction. We left her a nice tip for carrying all those dishes and for putting up with us for three hours.

In conclusion, the (over)abundance of fresh seafood, different types of delectable meat, and the endless variety of desserts... Bellagio, I think... I love you.笑
Bad service, waiter walked by 10 times before I had to stop him to take our drink order. Food selection was very small. Food wasn't even good. Very bland tasting selections. Waste of money. I would expect better of the Bellagio.笑
Omg! Best Buffett I've ever had!  Play MyVegas, earn points and get 2 for 1 Buffett at your most favorite casino!!笑
I go to Vegas about once a year and have been since the days of Comdex (remember that one, kiddies?), and The Buffet at the Bellagio is still the best in Vegas, fighting off challengers like Wynn and Cosmopoitan (Wicked Spoon). Here are the two main reasons why:

1) For $38 for their weekend gourmet dinner, you get an immense selection of relatively high quality food. Go to a very ordinary non-buffet restaurant on The Strip and Vegas and $38 gets you a very mediocre steak and maybe an appetizer. At the Bellagio, you get an unlimited amount of relatively expensive foods like prime rib, Chilean sea bass, Kobe beef, sushi, Peking duck, etc.

2) The selection is more plentiful and higher quality than at Wynn and The Wicked Spoon. Sure, if you like a smaller selection of lower quality food *but* in small, expensive containers that's made in France, go to The Wicked Spoon. That actually adds negative value for me as the superfluous containers takes up previous space on my plate!

After all these years, the Buffet at the Bellagio is still the best.笑
we came here on a Sunday, we fell in line at about 1 o'clock it took about 1 and a half hours to eat.  I was really excited, because I really like buffets, but I LOVE vegas buffets.

Pork Belly, delicious!
Lamb!, good
sushi area...okay
Salad area..wtf, the guy was very rude, when I asked for a spoon for the sunflower kernels, he looked down, around--then grabbed a spoon from the garbanzo beans and SHOVED it into the kernels and said "there is now"

whoa bro, not my fault you got stuck on salads for the third straight day

We came at a weird time, breakfast was just ending and dinner was in transition, so some of the items  were unavailable, and the existing ones were of low quality and quantity..

I like it, hopefully next time we can get their for dinner...

murr笑
I'd say this buffet would be on one of my top 10's. Everything i tried was really good! Lets start with sea food civiche(good), lobster raviolli(good), sea bass(Mmmmm! Good), kobe beef(good), prime rib(good), seafood tartar(good) & desserts(lots to choose from)! I wanted to eat more.  All together, i'd say it was really worth eating here when you come to vegas. Gourmet food all around that you end up skipping the chinese food.笑
On the advice of a Vegas resident who said that this buffet is "the best buffet in Vegas", my wife and I came here for the Saturday brunch buffet.  With this being the Bellagio I expected to pay a hefty price (No less than $50 per person) for really delicious food.  However, to my surprise the price was only $37.  It was at that moment that I should have turned around and ran to one of the many Vegas  restaurants run by celebrity chefs.  But against my better judgement I proceeded to pay.  We were greeted and seated by a friendly staff, but the food was just as bad or worse than many of the chain restaurants throughout the west coast.  The food was ok and worse.  Not a single item was grand or great.  The crab (which is supposed to be the star of the show) is served cold with cocktail sauce and lemon.  That's right... no butter!  Instead of the king crab that some patrons rave about they served an anorexic Dungeness crab leg that looked like it was pulled out of murky waters of Mekong River.

Additionally, the mussels were horrible.  I took one bite and got a mouthful of gravel.  I guess the cooks at the Bellagio had no time to soak the with such a high demand for their mediocre fair.

Finally, the dessert was ok, and I may have been inclined to to eat more of the cheese ravioli if I hadn't lost my appetite from the mouthful of gravel that I crunched through my teeth. I might spit out enough to fill that little pothole on Flamingo.

No more buffets for me.  When you pay $70+ for a meal that tastes worse than Chili's in Barstow I think that's time to call it quits on the once glorious experience of the Vegas life.  

What happened in Vegas didn't stay in Vegas this time around. It followed me home to my ceramic sculpture with water in it.笑
I am not a fan of buffets.  This was better than most but did not live up to the hype.  At $30 for dinner, I expected it to be similar to the Rio seafood buffet and it did not come close.  There was a huge selection of food and it was all tasty but I did not feel I got my money's worth.笑
This will be short and to the point, just like the Bellagio buffet. The most straight forward, classic buffet in Vegas.  This is everything you want from a buffet.  Simply a delicious variety of amazing food.  Shellfish, meat, breads, fruits, sushi, it's all here. This place is exactly what you want when you say Vegas buffet. Bellagio buffet is wonderful and is even better for brunch.笑
Great buffet. Definitely will come here agian. The only downside was the line. It was almost an hour wait to get in. They do offer a line pass but for $15 extra dollars per person its not worth it. I vote this number two buffet behind Caesars.笑
As a quarterly annual Vegas visitor, the Buffet @ the Bellagio is hands down my favorite, on the weekends. Made the mistake of catching it midweek on a extended Vegas stay & it was significantly diminished from the weekend fare.

With my mid 20's metabolism and affinity for cardiovascular activities I have the abilities to put down abnormal volumes of food. So I will break this down as my avg. meal there.

Salad bar is fully stocked, whether you make your own or the pre-fixed offerings they have. On a side note they have hard boiled eggs! These go great with my usual spinach salad w/turkey from the carving section. Carving section has the regulars & something different. Last I went it was ostrich & duck. 

Sushi is a plenty, not just rolls, some ngiri. But I go for the tuna & salmon poke, along with seaweed salad. After that I'm always a sucker for pizza & cocktail shrimp. Then some prime rib. All of which is top notch. 

The dessert section cracks me up, it's the center of the buffet & every time I'm there it is predominantly surrounded by women. You notice how fragrant the area is compared to everywhere else. It's like they eat nothing but sweets. But yea, polished off half a dozen chocolate covered strawberries, white chocolate mousse, apple pie, & ice cream. 

The wait will be long if you get there by 7 or later. I usually try to get there by 6:30, basically walk straight into the place, no wait. That way I can walk off the food off, do some drinking & gambling, & by 10/11 I'm hungry again. Then it starts all over...笑
The ONLY reason I even go to these "buffet" was because of the line pass I got from our VIP rep.  And sure enough, I regret having to return to the "buffet" scene of lack luster quality and inconsistent food.
The sushi on the menu was disgusting.  The rice on the sushi was rock hard and COLD.  You only got two choices...tuna and salmon.  Other maki rolls there were just blah.
Only thing I liked about this station was the spicy tuna hand roll that they actually made when you order.  Was the only saving grace of this station.

Other items, I usually skip.  Went right for the prime rib.
Was dripping bloody and disgusting the first time.  Only took a bite of it and moved my dish out of my way.  Second time around, someone else got it, and it was dry.

In the end, I just fed myself shrimp and crab legs to make up for it...  I suppose you can't really go wrong with that...or can you? o.0

I now remember why I hate buffet so much...especially Vegas buffets...mediocre foods at outlandish prices.  If it wasnt for the line pass, I would've killed myself for having to wait in line for 1 1/2 hours to dive into this.

On a BRIGHT note however, they did have a DAMN good hot coffee and cheesecake.笑
We went to Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend. I really wanted to have a nice Vegas buffet and since I hadn't eaten there before, decided to check out the buffet at the Bellagio. The line was a bit ridiculous but we dealt with it. It gave our toddler an opportunity to take a nice long nap. We probably should have just gone somewhere else.

We hit the sweet spot right before lunch ended and right before dinner started. Lunch prices for dinner food. We had to pay holiday prices, though, which sucked. 

The service there was horrible. We were given our initial drinks, then never asked if we wanted more. We, literally, had piles of plates on our table before they were cleared and not even midway through our meal, our waiter told us he was getting off of work and he wanted to give us our drink bill then (because we might not want more???).

The food was OK at best. Fortunately, we were smart and stuck with the pricier options so we wouldn't feel too ripped off but I still wasn't impressed. The crab legs and shrimp both tasted fishy and the crab legs had ice crystals in the meat, the first prime rib roast they had out was massively overcooked and dry (even the center cuts), the second was done nicely, but they cut the most ridiculously thin slices. Sushi, lamb, squab, etc. was all just average. The pastas reminded me of the pastas at the hot buffet at Souplantation.

The average food and even the awful service probably would have all been forgivable if it wasn't for the other patrons. You'd think these people had never eaten before and never learned manners in their lives! People were literally shoving each other out of the way and cutting in lines for their chance at a slice of meat. There was a line for the squab and one woman not only pushed her way to the front, but proceeded to pile her plate with over a dozen of those little birds.

Overpriced, overrated, miserable experience.笑
I'm not going to lie, the buffet itself was pretty good.  The prime rib for me was more of a highlight than the kobe flank.  

BUT the wait staff were HORRIBLE!!  Our waiter brought the wrong drink and never bothered to check in on our table afterwards to see how we were doing. The plates weren't picked up in a timely manner as well.  He didn't re-fill our drinks the whole evening until...  at the end of our meal, I said to my table "i think our waiter kind of sucked."  My brother and cousin were looked at me and said "He's right behind you."  Ok, I might be a jerk for saying that.  He clearly heard me because he only brought my cousin back another drink.  He didn't even look at me.  Even though the service was poor, we tipped him 15%.  The money was slightly tucked under a plate and we watched him when we left.  He first thought we didn't tip him and he shot us a dirty look and gathered his other wait staff around him to watch us.  Later on he found the tip and just put it in his pocket.  Punk.  TERRIBLE WAIT STAFF make for an UNPLEASANT dining experience.笑
A solid buffet to check out before leaving Vegas, over the years I have been to The Buffet at Bellagio a bunch of times and It's usually quite good. The price is reasonable, I've spend over 30 bucks for a burger and a few beers so the price is nothing to loose sleep over. 

I had a few of the staples which never disappoint including the king crab legs, rack of lamb, oysters rockefeller, and the delectable sweets. Probably the biggest two disappointments were the kobe beef and prime rib - but with the abundance of variety I still ended up having a wonderful meal.笑
This place was great!  Also expensive.  The buffet costs $40 (before tip, after taxes), but the food was awesome and the service was great (though someone in our group telling the server that we'd be tipping after we finished might have helped with that).  They have a huge variety of food, so I didn't even have time to get through all of it, but the sushi and meats were pretty tasty, especially for a buffet.

There're probably about a dozen different meats that the servers will cut for you, so if you love kobe beef, rack of lamb, and all that other good stuff, you'll probably love it here.  I wish I had been hungrier so I could've gone back for seconds, but trying one of everything was pretty good too.

Also the desserts... I don't know if they always have the same stuff, but the home made marshmallows and meringues were delicious.

Oh, and one of the biggest things you should watch out for... the lines.  I'm sure there're better off-peak hours you can probably get in more easily, but we went around 7 or 8ish, so it was PACKED.  If we had waited in line, it probably would've taken at LEAST an hour to get in.  Luckily a friend talked to one of the servers and got us to skip the line, I'm not sure how, but you might be able to skip the line if you have some sort of membership, or maybe just if you're a girl good at sweet talking waiters :P

Overall: Awesome buffet with a lot of delicious food, but watch out for the long-ass line.笑
So this is the third buffet we went to, on recommendation from Dee who said that literally this was the best buffet in Vegas! and she was right almost except for a couple of things.
1. the line to get in was very long, like an hour long to get in but this was right before the switch between lunch and dinner.
2. the crab legs were not only cold they were frozen, it was like they brought them right off the boat from deadliest-catch.
I would have given them 5***** but i haven't been to the Wynn yet, and im still pissed about the wait in line .笑
I am not as impressed as everyone else.  The sushi is my favorite here as I have yet to be disappointed with it.  I find the meats to be dry and any pasta rubbery.  Snow crabs legs are good and the king crab legs tasted too fishy.  It is really crowded so it is hard to see everything on the tables.  The desserts are merely ok and not delicious enough to be called desserts.  I got sick about 2 hours after eating here.  Wynn's buffet is better.笑
Line up early for dinner.
Get stuffed
and go around the city.

I love their steaks, crab legs, and dessertssss笑
This place is not good at all. They only have two registers and let customers wait for hours, for the purpose of selling passes for 20 dollars to let people jump the queue. Moreover, during Christmas season, they have some special event for brunch which costs approximately $40 per person( instead of the regular lunch price）, but I think the food is worse than the $8 buffet in Ann Arbor. They do have crab and salmon, but you have to wait again to get the crab, and it is not delicious (it is smoked salmon instead of raw salmon). Other than that, the food variety is very limited. Instead, I would highly recommend Umiya for buffet (Japanese food). It costs only $25 for much better food!笑
BIG DISAPOINTMENT!!! The food all accross the board was bland, it was either all salt or all sugar no flavor and very little options. It's a smaller room compared to other buffets so not many stations to choose from. Their infamous crab station was ok nothing special but I guess there isn't much to expect from boiled crabs. I'm a vegas local and I've heard so much good things about the bellagio buffet, so i decided to go check it out, should have stuck with bucchanal or the PH. I'm giving  it one star because the grilled salmon was good and the waiter was efficient, other than that it was a big waste of money. Went on a sunday for dinner $129 for 3 adults tip not included, I didn't get my money's worth so i hope this review helps someone.笑
Not much variety of food.  I've been to cheaper buffets that are worth more than $35.99. There's only like one steak that was tender; the other was not worth chewing on.  They had sushi but not much choices.  I liked the poke tuna and salmon, but my boyfriend had the opposite opinion.  The server was great in hooking us up with different drinks. The frozen custard was my highlight thou; it's so good but I wish I could take the cup home.  It would also be a good advertising for them if they had a take home labeled cup.笑
We had the breakfast buffet and man was there variety, and delicious variety. The staff was super nice and made sure our time was enjoyable. This is the buffet of choice when I go back to Vegas笑
Go 'head and stuff yourself.  The food is good.

Someone wrote a review about the plates being dirty and that... which could be true.  You have to remember that it is a place that serves in huge quantities, and it's where you can get the most (or least, if you just want to sit there) out of your dollar.  It's got a nice atmosphere and good selection.  Service is good too.  I mean, when you compare it to places like Todai... this place is fabulous...

Mmm.. I loved their creamy polenta and pesto mashed potato.  Otherwise, the food served is what you would expect of one at a buffet in Vegas.

Long lines... so try not to go while everyone is planning on going.笑
One of the better buffets in Vegas. It gets pretty pricey though, but it's the Bellagio - no surprises there.

Food items that stood out:

- cream of mushroom soup
- lamb osso bucco with creamy polenta (BOMB!)
- seafood paella
- 4 cheese pasta (or was it 3? 5?)
- actually all their pastas
- pesto potato mash
- KING CRAB LEGS WITH BUTTER
- SHRIMP COCKTAIL
- panna cotta with strawberry puree (SO GOOD)

Just try very little bits of everything... and when you figure out what you like, pile up! (But you'll probably already be full)笑
Buffets are hardly ever completely different from eachother in price, selection, and people. However, the Bellagio has upped the standard in which these establishments are measured and it mirrors the hotel in how they present their food, service the guests, and the beautiful decor of the restaurant. There is an amazing selection that varies from the finest seafood, to a mountain of Italian pastas, and a great variety of Asian food. While it is a bit steep for a buffet ($30 per person), consider it a fine dining night in which you serve yourself.笑
Sorry but very disappointed about this buffet , it's the freaking Bellagio ! 
Cons:
- No visual appeal , sorry but you eat with your eyes first and this buffet look nothing spectacular . No cute presentation, regular dishes used for dessert, old school ice cream machine . The last buffet we did was The Wicked Spoon and we loved the presentation . 
- NO OYSTERS!!!!! Seriously at $43 , you would think they had a bigger seafood selection
- Side dishes was like at a Hometown Buffet
- Desserts nothing special, no macaroons, no gelato 
- The sushis selection was also very limited

Pros:
- We had good service, plates were always removed pretty fast.
- They do offer  3 kind of caviars, I love ikura, they also had steak tartare and very yummi ahi poke and salmon poke .笑
ah, ate there a few days ago and i'm still full.  ;-)   ok, well, it's still in my mind.  best buffet ever!   i liked: all you can eat rack of lamb!  chilean sea bass was excellent too!  these are restaurant-entry quality.

also got to try: venison, beef wellington, and beef tartar.   many others were good -- too many!  didn't even try the prime rib - too common and too many other interesting things to try!

desserts: i like the bananas foster, apricot mousse, tiramisu in it's own chocolate cup.

line: i asked and they said 1/2 hour.  we got in in 15 min.笑
For the price... they are crazy! LOL.. And when I went, it was with work so it was paid for by my boss & I still couldn't enjoy it :(

Fish was poorly cooked & seasoned. Some pasta was ok. The best thing was my salad. The desserts were no diff than the smaller casino's buffets. 

I guess I was expecting more & was very disappointed!笑
Awful experience. Drinks were empty, had to ask multiple times, 2 managers walked by and were too busy talking and laughing to notice. Crab was impossible to get out of shells. Went back 3 times for top round and gave up it was never there. The sushi was warm. So sad because the hotel is SO amazing. I'm honestly shocked and disappointed.笑
I agree with many on yelp, this is a high end buffet, you can even tell by the presentation of items, many items given in single serve size plates, bowls, etc...lunch $19 and dinner $27.  Went for a late breakfast and didn't have to wait in line.笑
If you have to choose only one buffet to go in Vegas, it will be Bellagio for sure. 

Go with their weekends meal, it worthy it! 

great selection of food, fresh and tasty! 

I went to other buffet too in other hotels but got disappointed and went back to Bellagio again. it is best in vegas!笑
From everything I've heard, The Buffet At Bellagio was the gold standard of buffets in Vegas, and all other buffets are trying to do what the Bellagio is doing. But from my experience the buffet at Bellagio is just OK.

We were staying at the Bellagio and ended up eating the buffet there twice. Once for breakfast. I'd say it's actually better at breakfast. The price is cheaper and there's more than enough of everything you could possibly want. We went the following day around 2pm and it wasn't as good. They were sort of transitioning between brunch and dinner and it was just not that good. No seafood? No crab legs. Just meh. I guess you have to come for dinner to get the better spread.

As far as the layout goes I was more impressed with the buffet at the Wynn and Caesar's palace. Check this one out for an early morning meal, but otherwise not worth going out of your way for.笑
A couple years ago, we LOVED the Buffet at the Bellagio. If you asked me to give a review then I probably would have given it 5 stars.

Ask me now, after we went on Saturday, how it dropped a star. Why? Simply because the food wasn't as good as we remembered (and my hubby and I consider ourselves to be pretty good foodies.) and we went on a Saturday night for the "gourmet buffet" and spent the extra money for it.

And it dropped a star because THERE WERE NO FREAKING CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES on a Saturday night.

*end rant* :)笑
Food was so so, real killer was the sushi cook standing behind the counter eating either crawfish or peal and eat shrimp.  I get it your hungry but seriously go in back when you stuf your face.  Not behind the counter where you prepare food.笑
I liked Bellagio's buffet! This is the second buffet I went to during my trip and the food variety was great :) Items that stood out to me were the king crab legs, marinated cod fish and prime rib. 

Service was excellent. Our server was always available and she checked in with us in good intervals. 

If you're going for Cirque du Soleil's "O" show the same night, make sure you head here early because the lines were already building up at around 4pm.笑
Kobe Beef, Prime Rib, ostrich, lamb, quail, roast turkey, Beef Wellington, shrimp (already peeled) and Alaskan king crab just to name a few. 

Just tried a little of (real little) of some of of those main dishes above, because I was saving my appetitte for the crab.  Lots of times you go to a buffet and it's snow crab, but this one was Alaskan king crab.  The great thing was that it was already sliced in half.  So we just had to dig it out of the shell (which my friend's hubby did for all of us).  Of course the crab is cold since it's was on ice, but our waiter told us to take it to one of the chefs and he would gladly steam it for us.

So my friend''s hubby took our big plate of crab and got it steamed to perfection.  So while the others were eating dessert, I was eating my fill of crab and my friend's hubby was eating his fill of poke.

The line was really long, but like everything else in Vegas, the dining area is huge and since it's a buffet the line moves pretty fast.  The buffet is worth the $29.95, but to eat all you can eat Alaskan king crab?  Now that's TOTALLY worth it.  At home we'd be paying double that for just a 1 lb.  Yummy!!笑
It's my first time at this buffet and I must say that it is very nice. I used myvegas rewards for free breakfast /lunch and I was moved to the front of the line because of that...awesome.

 Our server was very nice and she kept our table clean and drinks filled. Nice selection of food to choose from breakfast or lunch. I tried the short ribs, rotisserie chicken and cream spinach and mash potatoes and it was very tasty.

I would definitely be back to this buffet on my next Vegas trip.笑
Pros: 

Good food all around - rack of lamb was great, a lot of good pasta dishes, hand tossed pizzas, a lot great fish, etc.

Great service, they took our plates quickly and topped our drinks up quicly as well. 

It's in the Bellagio so it's not completely boring like the Wynn and close to Caesars palace (my two favorites). 

Cons:
Price - went memorial day weekend and they jacked the price up to $30 for lunch and $40 for Dinner. We waited 1 hour in the long ass line at 2:30 in the afternoon and made lunch. 

The deserts were just average, and there was an obnoxious table next to us. Their kobe beef, leg of lamb and prime rib wasn't that great imo. 

the transition from brunch to dinner took too long. 

Honestly It was good, but I am definitely trying the Wynn next time. I just don't know if it was worth the money in the end, which is really what it's all about right ? Obviously I would never complain if it was $10... just sayin' :D笑
Great place to eat! Crab legs, shrimp, and many other great food! Waitress wa weird though!笑
This has always been my favorite buffet in Vegas, and I find myself coming back here every time. As much as like to eat bigger meal during dinner, I think the buffet here is more worth it at lunch time. They serve almost the same stuff as dinner like prime ribs, king crab legs, sushi, etc etc, for a few bucks cheaper. Oh yeah, I like weekend lunch because there's breakfast food and bottomless champagne or mimosa for like $5 extra.

Bellagio also have more selections in seafood and meat compared to other places. And of course, their desserts are always very delightful! 

I recommend the spicy tuna hand wrap, and their cold udon salad. I also like how they have both king crab legs and snow crab legs, and of course, both pre-cut in the middle so the meat is accessible. 

The waiter I had this time was super nice. I asked for both iced and hot water and he kept coming back to refill them. He also take our finished plates away really fast.笑
I had some pretty high expectations for this buffet and i was disappointed. For the price 30 per person on a weekday and considering this buffets' location i expect better. The food was just OK. Some of the highlights I had were the already pealed shrimp, prime rib and some of the pasta's. Some of the low lights, the Chinese food, the sushi and the desserts. Chinese food was crap, the sushi was sub par although there was a large selection. The dessert stations looked nice but the food itself wasn't good. And now for the BIGGEST low light. The crab legs. I had some high expectations for them, including love when i saw that they were already cracked open and all you needed was your fork so that you could just remove the meat and eat. The problem....they were frozen solid. I took two legs and let them rest a few mins figuring they would thaw out and be ok...they were too far gone frozen. Honestly just crappy. I was very disappointed with the whole thing especially for the place and the price.笑
I'm pretty amazed that I've never written a review for the Bellagio Buffet.  Out of all the Las Vegas eateries, I've probably eaten here the most, both for brunch and for dinner.  This is one place where you can definitely eat more than what you're paying for.  But even then, is it really worth it?

Some of the meats, for instance, are pretty disappointing.  By the time you get your small medallion sized cut of prime rib, roast beef, kobe beef, venison, or other protein back to your table, it's cold.  And if you ask for a second slice, they always carve it thinner than the first.

The deserts are no different.  Thankfully, they're small, so the ones that aren't a hit, you can brush aside and not feel so bad about it.  You're better off stopping by by Jean Philippe Patisserie around the corner.

On the other hand, the made to order omelets are pretty awesome. The line is never too long, and you can throw in a lot of different toppings. The pizza, thin crust, also with a variety of different toppings, is also surprisingly good.  I always save room for two small slices.

If you're comped or got a line pass, why the hell not.  But with the ever growing number of world-class food options in Vegas where every other celebrity chef has a restaurant, why pay to overstuff yourself with mediocre food?笑
We ate here Sunday Memorial Day Weekend the wait was long (1.5 hours) but it was worth it.  The service was unbelievably excellent, we had a great waitress Leilani that has been at the Bellagio since day one.  If you pay extra for the champagne and want mimosas get a glass of champagne with orange juice on the side.笑
Let's be honest here, there's one big reason to go to this place. The Alaskan King Crab legs. Pre-split in half for you, plus the drawn butter, and you'll be in crab heaven. Big hint, if you plan to eat here, go for an early dinner and prepare for a 30 minute wait. if you go at 6 or after, plan to wait a long time for your dinner. It would be better to go here if you had a way to bypass the general admit line.

If you're not looking to eat a lot of crab legs, you can skip it for a normal meal.

4 stars for the crab legs and decent selection of food. There's even sushi/raw fish items.笑
Meh. I've experienced better.

I tried the Bellagio buffet a couple Vegas trips back (about a year ago) and all of my friends thought it was alright, we were more excited about leaving to watch the water show.  The next day, we went to Rio and regretted even wasting our money at the Bellagio buffet.

Since that time, I've heard so many good reviews about the place.  My boyfriend told me it was on Food Network for its fine selection of fresh meat!  So two Vegas trips ago, I willingly went with my friends to give Bellagio buffet another try.

It was Memorial Day weekend so prices were more expensive, however I can't remember exactly how much because my boyfriend paid.  We came around 3pm for a late lunch so we could stay until dinner ;P  When I walked in, I thought "maybe I was wrong about this place".  I was so excited to dig into everything they had because everything looked so good and there were so many selections!!

However, for me, it was all looks.  I probably grabbed about 3 full plates piled with food and two plates of dessert (one for fruit).  My favorite was the dessert (as always).  I didn't finish any of my 3 plates and wouldn't have been able to even if I forced myself to.  To get a better picture of the food, the BREAKFAST BACON was my favorite item -_-  because it was so crunchy.  Maybe the pesto mashed potatoes were high on my list.  The meat was disappointing, considering it was raved about on Food Network.  The pasta was good but my favorite was rotated out before I could get seconds =(  OH YEAH, and the sushi sucked!!!!!  I couldn't even swallow my first piece.

For dessert, I grabbed a bunch of different pastries that looked pretty.  I'm used to pretty looking dessert that tasted mediocre.  However, their fruit tarts were yummy from top to bottom!  The crust had a nice texture, the creme wasn't too sweet or too bland and the strawberries had dark chocolate sprinkles on top!  It was heaven, I tell ya.  Then I found chocolate dipped strawberries!!  The thing was: they were half milk chocolate and half white chocolate!  And the strawberries were huge!!!!

All in all, I'm not paying for Bellagio buffet again.  Compared to a buffet from home, it's really good!  The food isn't horrible but I'd much rather go to Rio!笑
This year the buffet price was lowered to $20 from $30 the previous year for lunch.  There are no crab legs unfortunately and the dessert selection was not as good as last year.  There were a variety of fish items including: seared salmon, wahoo fish, smoked salmon, smoked scallops, smoked trout, some sort of calamari salad.  They had sliders, a variety of pizzas including pesto shrimp.  This year I felt the buffet was number 3, behind The Cosmopolitan's buffet and Aria's buffet.  Also the line was ridiculously long.笑
The last time I came here, I was so impressed and couldn't shout my praises louder.  Last evening, was the most depressing letdown ever!  Basically, we got there around 8:30, waited for 30 minutes and this was fine.  However, by the time we were about to move onto dessert, our waiter told us the food was being put away and to get our dessert quickly. So my company of friends went to get a few desserts.  When we sat down, the waiter told us time was up and we had to leave!  "WHAT?! "  I had a plate of food and couldn't eat it?!  This is unheard of! This was all in a span of 5-10 minutes.  I've never hear of such a thing. Prices were also raised for this Mother's Day weekend. The couple next to us didn't even get to their dessert and just got up and left when they heard the waiter tell us time was up.  There were 3 different parties of people around us who were all kicked out without enough time to complete a full meal!  
Come early and don't expect service!笑
I won't lie here, this place was a bit overpriced. $35 a person is a bit much for a buffet, but nevertheless, the food was good. It's been nearly a year since I've eaten here (What can I say? I procrastinate.), but I was pleased with everything I put on my plate. We arrived just after they had put their sushi station up, so I was a little disappointed that I couldn't try it, but like I said, everything that I tried was delicious. Their mini sliders were probably my favorite, but who can go wrong with mini cheeseburgers? I definitely kept the cute little plastic emblem sticks they put in each one. 
The desserts were lovely, and mightly delicious as well. Not to mention, the display of beautifully decorated cakes on top of the dessert cases. Absolutely stunning. But, the desserts were also tiny. Not kidding, I could have eaten about 8 of those little squares of sweet delectable goodness. But I was already full to the brim with sliders, roasted potatoes and prime rib.
While I've seen and heard extremely varied reviews of this place, my experience was great. The waitstaff were busy, however I have no complaints here, they were friendly with us and kept good tabs on our table and always asked if we needed any refills.笑
I hate buffets. The only time you'll catch me in one is for brunch, cause I'm usually too impatient  and starving to wait for breakfast in a cafe. That being said, the Bellagio buffet beats the shit out of all of them. 
The line can be long and it is pricey, but do you want quality or quantity? If it's the latter, I hear the Stratosphere's got a $9.99 for ya! 

WHEN YOU GO- DO NOT skip the coffee. It's the best of any restaurant in Vegas.笑
I come here every time I visit Vegas, mostly for their amazing beef wellington and delicious desserts! Make sure to check ahead of time to make sure they're serving beef wellington because it's not on the menu every day. The place itself does not look very big, but the waiters and servers are very nice. Fridays and Saturdays are the Gourmet Dinner days, but it's best to go in for the lunch meal and stay for dinner because the price difference is HUGE. Think of it as linner (lunch + dinner).

There's always a line for the king crab legs. They're already cracked open for you - very easy to eat. (I don't know if they have the buttery topping like at Wynn though) The cocktail shrimp is also really good. Prime rib was on the bloody side last time I went, and the rotisserie chicken was dry, but as usual, the beef wellington does NOT fail. It's perfectly cooked - very tender. Avoid the variety of fishes near the Chinese food though, because these are usually dry. The sushi is on the plain side too. 

The dessert selection is very varied and looks fancy. My favorite is the one in a small glass cup with multiple layers. There's a light brown layer under a beige layer that tastes like coffee and chocolate, and it's covered with whipped cream. I forget the name of it, but it's delicious! Avoid the raspberry with cream and chocolate bites on top though - it tastes really sour! The creme brulee and chocolate-covered strawberries look simple, but they're really good!

Note: Apparently, you're not allowed to take photos of the food. I attempted to take a photo at the dessert station because they just looked SO delicious and artistic, and I love taking photos of food, but the chef behind the counter told me no photos. Maybe they're afraid I can somehow figure out all their secret recipes from simply looking at my photos. *shrug*

I'm not sure if it's the absolute best buffet in Vegas since not all the food is incredible, but every place has its pros and cons. I give it a four because, after all these years, I still look forward to coming here!笑
Buffet @ the Bellagio!!

hell yesssss

All You Can Eat with so much variety from different cultures.
Definitely a place to get your grub on!笑
Nomz. Aghh. So tasty so delicious, too many choices. I was surprised by how cheap the breakfast was ($15.99) considering that it's the Bellagio--which is super swanky.  Although it was breakfast, they did have their full spread of lunch foods and desserts as well.

The service is great, it's very clean (including the bathrooms) and there is so much to choose from. A list of some of the things I ate: lots of lox, bagels and cream cheese, eggs florentine, watermelon in lavender honey, flan, bomb-diggity bread pudding, shrimp pesto pizza, eclair, berries, etc. Now that I'm listing everything I ate, I kind of feel like a fatty...but whatever. It's Vegas!笑
This is only for breakfast, since that's the only one I've had.

Having tried several breakfast buffets on the Strip, I have to say this isn't anything spectacular. The $16.99 price is kind of in-between, not too outrageous but from that I did expect more than what you get. 

They have the basics covered - eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, potatoes, french toast, pancakes, omelette station, fruit, yogurt, cereal, bagels, etc. Then a salad area, a few cold seafood salads, and a seemingly random area with I guess  "Asian" options, like miso soup and noodles and that type of thing. A few extra points for the biscuits and gravy, the gravy was quite good. Oh, and the breakfast burrito mix with tortillas was a nice option.

It seems like a large enough area but its the same stuff at all the stations, so what seemed like a large selection really isn't. The food was all good, but nothing special and I've paid less for better on the Strip. The service was on the lower end as well - I realize they aren't going to be tipped much and I'm sure they know that, but when their only job is to take your drink order I get really annoyed when the waitstaff doesn't even bother to check and see if you need your drinks refilled, as was the case here. Won't be coming back.笑
45.0 for two people.  Food was mediocre and nothing special..  They add 18 to party of 8 for gratuity even though the servers just bring juice, coffee and clear plates.笑
I had high expectations for Bellagio's buffet. We had stayed at the MGM 6 times previously. We decided to stay at the Belaggio  this time. EVERYTHING is better at the Bellagio.except the buffet....I am a foodie and went to the MGM buffet more than 10 times. It has TONS of choices and actually wasn't bad...I was expecting much better from Bellaggio based on reading reviews... SO disappointed. If you like fewer choices and shoe leather than this is your place. Otherwise, I swear, with the exception of the salads, the sweet potatoes and the marinated cucumbers at the sushi bar, EVERYTHING else got thrown out on my plate. I kept trying things since I figured SOMETHING must be good here.  Here is what I tried : chow mein. It was all right. Crab legs: Over cooked and way too salty and gristly. mashed potatoes: Not bad. Sweet potatoes : AWESOME. Sushi: Rice was horrible, shrimp tempura was OLD and way too salty. Char sui: BLAND , tasteless and I spit it out. Salads: Fresh and very good. Cous cous: too salty and blah. Shrimp cocktail: Hard to screw up defrosting shrimp so ,not bad. Roast: Overcooked and tasteless.cucumber salad at sushi bar: Tasty but OLD.Beef bourguignon: carrots undercooked, and HEAVY oregano taste. Yuck. Smoked trout: Good. Salmon: Absolutely tasteless.....! Manicotti: NO flavor... bland pasty with NO flavor in tomato sauce.... again I threw it all out. I tried teh butternut squash with cinnamon: It tasted like someone microwaved it and didn't even finish the job: TASTELESS and undercooked... anyway, on top of all of this, the smoke from the Casino,  gets sucked into the entire buffet area. I have asthma so this was awful. I asked the manager how it could smell like smoke. She explained the place acted like a vacuum. It pulled all the smoke into the buffet... OMG.. anyway, the line was also 30 minutes. We will NEVER go back. I asked for a refund from my hotel it was so bad. I have never done that before. My husband is sick and laying next to me  because of the food. guess it was good I barely ate. Plus it was more expensive than MGM. My advice: If you want a decent buffet, go to the MGM.笑
I'm a fan of buffets.  A good buffet will delight me and make me a pretty consistent return customer when meal time comes and I can't decide what food I want.  This review is to hopefully help all those tourists and locals to not make the same mistake I did.  I thought that since the price point is high and it is the Bellagio this buffet had to be great.  NOOOOO with all caps.  This is not a good  buffet.  It is actually worse than some of the mid range buffets I've been to.  The food is average to bad.  They have the same boring food that all crappy buffets have.  The desserts are the ones that are ordered ready made from some Vegas company that you see at numerous buffets.  They do have crab but they have no melted butter. Seriously?!  My husband asked several people and they all said they don't offer it.  Not worth the money and we will never be back.  Shame on MGM Resorts for allowing this buffet to still charge so much for such below average food.
If you want an amazing buffet try Wynn, Cosmo or Paris.  They have fresh made, unique food and really amazing desserts for the same price or less.笑
Last week me and my wife went to this restaurant and we disappointed with what we got. We understand for the long line because we wait for 1 hour in order to get table. Not one single person from the restaurant that come to the people that were waiting and give something small appetizer just to appreciate us for waiting.
When we got our table, the ambience is like old restaurant with couples staging for the food. We walk arround and taste all the foods and the taste is just OK not delicious like we hope. 
The only msin attraction was a king crab which is taste verry salty.
We went to sushi side and the choice are limited.
For the price 86 dollar for both of us, we verry disapointed with the buffet bellagio.
Let me compare to our buffet that we always come ( mizuki) at tukwila seattle, this bellagio buffet is nothing. So for the price 44 dolar per person is verry expensive and not the one that I expected. 
We will never go to this buffet again. I hope the management read this.笑
Where do I start ... Maybe with the rude and less than enthusiastic cashier at the entrance taking my 86 dollars for my wife and I to enjoy a nice meal, or maybe the ROCK I bit down on when eating a mussel. Only to have the manger come to greet us and say he too had a rock in his meal two days prior. This maybe a long shot but I am thinking not the thing j want to hear considered I am pissed off already then he says" I can give you 20 percent off one meal will that be okay"? Either way they comped the meal while the security officer hands me a piece of paper and says can you write Down a description of what happened? No I am not going to write an essay for you, get off your lazy behind and write the report yourself isn't that your job? Any ways if you had read this far eat at your own risk and bring your dentist with you just incase.笑
Best buffet in Vegas....hands down.

Better quality and selection than the Wynn, and cheap at 35.95. 

Must eat the Kobe prime rib, beef wellington, sushi (although the rice is packed tight that it looks like a one piece), chocolate covered strawberries.

The service is good.....they take the plates fast and re-fill your drinks quickly (probably to fill your stomach).

Overall it is excellent, and the best buffet in vegas.   The Wynn is more expensive, and the other lower end buffets are not that much cheaper...7 to 10 bucks cheaper?  So you might as well shell out an extra 10 bucks to eat the best in vegas.  If you don't want to wait in line, then you probably want to go later in the day...after 8ish.笑
One of the better buffets on the strip I have been to in Vegas. A little pricey, but it is Vegas, and it is the Bellagio so I guess $35 wasn't too bad

Things I really liked were the sushi (good sushi, not just the crappy California rolls that are everywhere else), loved the fact that they had tuna poke by the sushi too as I love poke. The shrimp pesto pizza and pesto pasta were good also. Enjoyed the salad bar eventhough it was pretty standard, but it was nice to get some salad. The desserts were absolutely amazing, and the ones that really stuck out were the creme brûlée, flan, the cones filled with chocolate creme and topped with a raspberry, and this pudding type dessert in a cup which seemed like heavy cream with strawberry reduction ontop. Overall a very good buffet笑
This place is overrated and hyped up too much. Many of your friends will hype it up so much and so well, saying "YOU HAVE" to go here. Of course you listen and after your finished you realize, damn, it wasn't worth $30. 

Most of that high price probably comes from being in the Bellagio. $20 would suffice for the quality of food and selection. 

The ambiance of the Bellagio IMO really is non existent after the hallway where the line forms to the cashier. Then it gets toned down. With the way people talk and tell me about the place, I was expecting super duper extravagant. 

The desserts were really nice, but same affair over at Luxor and is significantly cheaper. 

The crab legs were big and plentiful. Eat a lot of this if you want to get what you paid for. Japanese/Sushi station was a joke. The California rolls were average at that, seeing better at Todai. The other entries were above your average buffet, which was nice, and which was expected at the price and location. Some entries that included truffles, and welington in the name is always an eye opener. They also had some good pizza. Salad bar is a salad bar, and I did not want to waste my stomach space for that at a $30 buffet. 

This place gets very busy, and the bus boys are prompt with your drinks and clean up of old plates. 

I really don't have anything else to say. I would eat here again, it is a nice buffet no doubt, but way overrated and hyped up. If this is your first time in Vegas and this is your first time at a buffet in Vegas, of course it's almost positive and high marks. But after the initial excitement, you will realize there are better or equal for cheaper.

I don't think the location and hotel attraction should play into the review of this buffet. If it is, that is saying something about the food and choices. I see reviews saying the samething I'm saying and they are still giving it 4-5 stars. Why?笑
Die Buffets in Las Vegas sind aus meiner Erfahrung alle im Vergleich zu den vergangenen Jahren recht teuer geworden, auch als Gast des eigentlichen Hotels hat man keinen Preisvorteil mehr. Das Buffet im Bellagio unterscheidet sich hier ebenfalls nicht. Wir waren hier zum Frühstück und konnten feststellen, dass das Angebot schon vergleichsweise reichhaltig und frisch ist. Die typischen Amerikanischen Frühstücksgewohnheiten lassen sich hier ohne Probleme befriedigen, wer es etwas mehr nach "exotisch" möchte findet zumindest diverse Frühstücksflocken, eine Omelett Bar und reichlich Obst und Früchte. Das Gast bedient sich inzwischen selbst, auch bei den Getränken. Die Auslagen wurden während unseres Aufenthaltes regelmässig bestückt und die Servicekraft besuchte uns auch regelmässig am Tisch um das überflüssige Geschirr abzuräumen. Die Qualität der Lebensmittel ging in Ordnung, ich persönlich sehe nur den recht hohen Preis für meinen Nahrungsmittelbedarf nicht ganz gerechtfertigt. Es ist vollkommen klar, dass ein Buffet immer eine Mischkalkulation ist.
Vorteil vom Bellagio Buffet ist eindeutig, die Frische der Lebensmittel und das aufmerksame Personal, hier ist man gut bedient.笑
I waited in line for Sunday brunch for...about 45 minutes, expecting a great meal from beginning to end. However...

I was only blown away by their dessert bar. Every single bite of sweet I had was delicious (cheesecake, flan, tiramisu, etc. etc.). I wish I had known this first so I wouldn't have wasted my time with the other mediocre food. Having paid about $35 for brunch, I wanted to eat my money's worth. But it wasn't worth all the "ok" food that they offered. Their prime rib wasn't anything special, their hot foods were only alright. Their sushi bar had the same items (and same taste) as my local supermarket.笑
Read the reviews. Basing on what we have read, we popped by and gave it a go.

The food was decent. We were fond of the Salmon dish, and Shrimp cocktail. The salad bar was ok. The veggies, especially the leafy greens, looked a bit wilted at the time we dined (round 1130am). Sushi area could use a bit more authentication *hahaha* California Roll ... is that really sushi? ^_~

Just like Jon G. stated... "$10 all you can drink after buying the buffet." However, there is a time limit on how long you can enjoy your cold one.

Overall, this spot was just "OK." We did not appreciate the 1 hour and 35 minutes wait in line. But hey, once we were seated ... we took our sweet time savouring each dish!笑
Waited in a VERY long line for a VERY long time to be given the privelage of paying $30-something a person for food. 

It wasn't shitty, and not the worst buffet I'd ever eaten I'm sure, but for that price plus the Bellagio name I was expecting to be wowed. LIke the kind of wow you feel after really good coitus. 

The salad bar was minimal, and the buffet was overloaded with meat. I know that most people will think that this is where you get your moneys-worth, but even so I love a great big salad at the begging of my meal. It was really shitty small, with two kinds of leafy greens, a couple of cheeses and two or three dressings. Really? 

The meat. Beef wellington--yuck. Lamb--tasted fishy (?). Turkey--dry. Seafood--only idiots eat seafood at a buffet. 

The dessert was the best part, and I really loaded up on these. Much to my chagrin, desserts combined with 10 free Heinekens= projectile vomiting. Not sure if I can blame that on the Bellagio, but I'd say that they have to take come credit for it. 

Did anyone else notice how tiny the buffet area was?笑
I was excited to check out their bottomless champagne brunch here. Champagne brunch is on Sat & Sun and just a few additional dollars to your bill.  Checked it out with a bunch of my amigas, and have to say I wasn't impressed.

We all know that buffet food isn't stellar, but being the Bellagio I thought it would be a bit better. Most of the food was either over or under salted. Nothing really stuck out. OMG - Sushi was really bad. Very dry and all rice!  Desserts were so-so and nothing really stood out.  The only good part was all the champagne and a great wait staff. Otherwise..Your run of the mill buffet. The food looks pretty but the taste isn't there.

Definitely find the Rio Buffet (Carnival One) or Paris has much better food options.  Food presentation isn't the greatest but you'll be happy with the taste.笑
I've been here three times, and each time has been a pleasant experience. The food is excellent, and the waitstaff tries their best to keep our drinks filled up, but a lot of the times, they are either understaffed or extremely busy and you would have to wait awhile to get your water filled. Overall, there is a great selection of high quality food. I am definitely planning to come back the next time I'm in Vegas again.笑
This place was incredible. Food for every palate, so decadent. We ate here at lunch on Wednesday and we were not hungry again until lunch the next day. The only problem with this place is that it is hard to choose which food to try because there is so much choice. But that's not really a problem so I give it 5 stars!笑
The food was really good. I was attending a conference so I had to rush which was a bummer. The food was really good but I was surprised how much it felt like a cafeteria. Great food but I think it's overpriced but I guess that's Vegas.笑
2nd time here after 10+ years and not much has changed. Great selection all around, from pasta at asian food to breakfast, there is definitely something for everyone. The desert was the best part. We came for lunch around noon on a Monday and we were seated right away. It was great and the lines weren't too long. Everything was quite tasty. Plates were all spotless, so you didn't have to worry about checking your plate before using it. They even had macarons for dessert, which blew my mind!笑
Going into this I knew I was going to come out of the restaurant looking like a whale so I put in an extra 10 miles of running the week we headed to Vegas! Got to the Buffet at the Bellagio and was all business, didn't waste time with rice, pasta or potatoes ( didn't pay 45 bucks to load up on carbs LOL). Salmon, rib eye steak, bbq ribs and lots of other good stuff!! This buffet has the best selection of food out of all the others in Vegas and almost everything I had was really good. The salmon could have used a bit more salt and the roast turkey was a little dry however turkey is not exactly easy to make just right so I'll cut them some slack ;)

No desserts, though they had a wicked selection but I don't need those types of sugars so I passed on them.
Overall I was very satisfied with this buffet and it still remains at the top of my list.
I'll have to put in 15 more miles the week we  head over to Vegas again, it's just that good :)笑
We came at 2:30 and it was a transition period so the food wasn't that great. The options got better at 4pm. I enjoyed the sushi and creme brûlée. The crab legs weren't freshly steamed though and they were icy cold =/笑
I went there after watching O show even though there were just one hour left. The items were normal, but the quality was under estimation. I dont really agree it deserve.笑
I just went to the Friday night gourmet buffet last week, and that's the 3rd time for me and my husband to be in a bellagio buffet. We had very great food the last 2 times we visited the buffet, so we went again this time we visited vegas. However, we felt disappointed this time as we think the food quality overall was not as good this time.

The desserts are all great, but the meat and entree were just ok. And we are meat eaters......so that's why we were disappointed. They did have more variety and meat choices for the gourmet buffet (Fri and Sat only), they had kobe sirloin, grilled quail, prime rib, beef wellington, lamb rack, ostrich, duck breast, etc for the gourmet buffet. However, they are all too bloody raw except beef wellington and ostrich. In the past, usually there would be options to choose from medium rare to medium well, but this time everything is medium rare except beef wellington and ostrich. The chef who was serving lamb rack was nice enough to grill the lamb to the degree that the customer requested, however, the one who served kobe sirloin and prime rib was probably too busy to cater people's requests, so everyone got a piece of raw meat. I passed by many people's table and noticed that they gave up on the raw meat after the rim (usually is more cooked) has been eaten. It's just a big waste of food when they serve meat that is too raw. So in a sense, I like Wynn better for the meat, but the dessert at bellagio buffet is un-beatable. I think if someone is going for a really nice piece of meat, then Wynn is better. If you are all for the desserts, then bellagio is the place to go. 
But I do feel disappointed at the bellagio buffet when comparing with our past bellagio buffet experience. I've heard that some restaurants quality goes down due to recession....I don't know if bellagio buffet would be one of them....... well....it makes me to think twice whether I wanted to revisit bellagio buffet for future.笑
Went there for lunch on a Sunday. 

Meal Highlights
 - prime rib
 - thick cut glazed bacon
 - lamb leg 
 - pesto mashed potatoes
 - all you can drink champagne
 - chocolate financier

Champagne was cheap (just an additional $5), and they give you all the OJ you want to make your own mimosas. 

Sadly I didn't get the chance to eat the cool items that other people had like Beef Wellington. Hence the lower rating since there was nothing that really piqued my interest. 

All items mentioned above were executed well. I'm a sucker for thick cut bacon and the slice I had was almost pure fat. awesome! But all the other items were just ok and left me feeling that I could get better from the local restaurants in Sacramento. 

The wait is also horrendous. An hour wait for food basically destroys your afternoon and in Vegas, time is money! 

It's still a nice buffet with lots of options, but don't expect to be wow'ed and if you're in a hurry, definitely forego it.笑
After crapping out at the tables, this is how you make some of your money back... hit the buffett tables.

The food is good and it comes out fresh all the time.  The desserts are small so you can taste everything.  The wait staff was so attentive and they keep our hot water coming for the green tea.笑
I love buffets and I got to them a lot. So I already been to the buffet at the Wynn hotel so I was more then happy to try a different buffet. My friend suggested the one at bellagio and I though sure! A new place, a new yelp review!

So we head in, thank goodness we came early because there was no line to wait and pay but there was a wait time to get a table for 6??? I was a bit frustrated because there were open tables and they just didn't seat us. We finally got seated after about 10-15 minutes of waiting. 

Usually when I go to buffets, I'm starving so no surprise...when we got there I was HUNGRY! So I decided to circle around the area to see what they have. For Vegas buffet, I felt the the selections were very limited and there was much things that appealed to me. But, I was still manged to get a little of everything. 

The taste was alright. It was able to get me full but I only scarf down 2 plates. I think the most enjoyable item was the pasta ravioli with truffle sauce. Besides that, it was alright. The food was okay, nothing really gave me a a wow factor.笑
After Googling countless Vegas buffets, my boyfriend decided we would come to this one as it had some of the best ratings. We came in on Fathers Day - it was around $100. We only had to wait a few minutes to be seated around 8:30pm. The line was rather long behind us though, so we got there just in time.

This place is huge. There is a full bar, but alcoholic beverages cost extra. Soda, tea, juice and coffee are included.

So many different types of food. Seafood (crab, salmon, tuna, etc..), Meat (rib eye, turkey, ham etc...), pasta, sushi, caviar, salads, BBQ, noodles. They pretty much have a little of everything. And the dessert bar? YES PLEASE. Cakes, cheesecake, muffins, cookies, ice cream. So bomb. The only negative I'd have to say is a lot of the meats, especially the turkey, was very dry - and we overheard a few people mention it to the cooks and they didn't seem to care. But everything else was fantastic. 

Will definitely come back next time we are in town! Hopefully we won't come in on a holiday and it won't be so expensive haha.笑
Awesome food all around - fresh seafood, mouthwatering prime rib, creamy pasta, and delicious desserts! Only downsides were the hour wait and slightly noisy dining environment. For the money, though, a must see in Vegas!笑
Could this buffet be any more decadent? Very clean, tons of options, nice staff. My faves were the VAST selection of delicious pizza, huge sushi area, and desserts (see pics!). The dining room is a little low brow but the wait staff was incredibly nice, attentive, and friendly. Would go back in a heartbeat.笑
The Bellagio has always been my favorite buffet in the world and I myself am a huge buffet eater.  Every time I am in Vegas I am sure to hit this place.   I have been very happy every sing time until the recent visits.  Their decision to keep breakfast food on the buffet throughout the day instead of adding the usual lunch items, makes this place a total waste.  The breakfast fair is on pair with a golden corral nothing special.  Even though they are still serving mostly breakfast they do continue to up charge you.  It is so bad I didn't even see things like corn on the buffet except cold corn for salads.  I guess it is time to try Wynns new place or that 17 million dollar new buffet a ceasers.笑
Bon passé le décor qui te fait croire à un Campanile de Sartrouville on est propulsé dans l'abondance et l'opulence et les grosses panses. 

Alors les 4 étoiles c'est vraiment pour les perles qu'on peut trouver au milieu de daubes. 
Déjà on évite le coin Jap. Les sushis c'est du congelé, décongelé sûrement. Et on évite les trucs fromages chelou j'ai eurk dans mon assiette.
Mais après il y'a de tout. Du Chinois pour une qualité correcte , du veggie si vous la jouer petit joueur y'a tout pour faire sa propre salade, des minis burgers, des pâtes, mauvaises apparemment dommage, de la viande à la découpe

Dessert là c'est la fête du slip, profusion de couleur et de saveurs c'est vraiment délicat, servis dans des petites portions, parfait vraiment

La boisson à volonté prenez le ice tea sweet c'est assez sucré mais c'est un subtil mélange entre grenadine et ice tea. 

Aller fiston mes préférés sont :
Le bacon avec sa Strawberry sauce. 
Les oeufs brouillés
Les mini burgers pas mal.
Pizza peperroni
Après en dessert
Cake au citron
Gâteau au mascarpone 
Tarte à la noix de pécan. 

Le prix : lunch à 25,93$ - à cette date du 23 Mars 2015 (taxe incluse.) 

PS: attention vous risquer de repartir avec du Kg au cuissot !笑
We arrived at approximately 8:45pm on a Tuesday night. We waited in line for approximately 15 minutes and paid $35.99 per person, including my 9 year old. 
The food was what i'd expect for a $7.99 buffet at home. Low quality foods. There are lots of options but as a foodie I was extremely disappointed.

Our server was friendly didn't offer a beverage menu. Water was barely refreshed. I work in the hospitality industry and teach my employees to step aside and allow our guests to go first, these people just cut us off with not even an 'excuse me.'

Not worth the time or money.笑
I had to check out this buffet after all the glowing reviews I read. All in all this buffet lived up to the hype and was very good.

I went for the breakfast buffet on a weekday and didn't have to wait at all. For about $15 you get fruit, pancakes, lovely little waffles with the Bellagio logo imprinted on them, all kinds of danishes, a variety of cereals, an omelette bar with other hot breakfast items (scrambled eggs, potatoes, etc), little bagels, and pizza.

Everything was very, very GOOD. Nothing re-heated, all made from scratch and it showed.

The service was good too.

I would highly recommend this place.笑
absolutely TERRIBLE!  The food...ALL OF IT is disgusting!!! I paid $37.00 for THIS!?!?!?  NO,NO,NO,NO,NO!!! Do not eat here.  Please don't.笑
Waited an hour only to find out they didn't have crab legs.

needless to say, I was pissed.笑
so bad, so bad.

there's much more other choices. don't waste your time lining up for crap food.笑
Best buffet in town. Not a big seafood eater but I'm expanding my taste bud horizons and tried the crab...Bomb!!! 
What to try: hand rolls(ask them and they'll make it for you if it's dinner time), poki bowls, crab, gnocchi, creme brûlée....so yummy! 
I'm not a salad kinda gal but I did like their selections of salads...the ones where they pour it for you and you have to wait in line. This is the kinda of buffet where you won't fill yourself up on crap like pizza and fried chicken (although I love fried chicken). You'll definitely get your money's worth.  

By far the best buffet in Vegas and will go there every time!笑
Good food. Lots of desserts.  Go around 10:00 am for brunch...they start setting up for lunch at 10:30. If you pace yourself, two meals for the price of one!笑
Mediocre service, crowded [well guess that shouldn't be a surprise], poorly laid-out food stations, cold and not interesting food, fairly limited selection, etc.

The waitstaff did a fine job and the omelette station was OK, but everything else is not worth the time nor the "buffet experience." Not interested to go back.笑
Hm...stood in line for an HOUR! Just to have two plates :( We went for a late lunch. They didnt have much in my opinion for paying 25 bucks! The only thing i liked was the BBQ Salmon and Pineapple Fried Rice thats it.笑
Yuuuummmmmmmmm! 

Stood in quite a line to get breakfast here but boy was it worth it!

They had so many choices I literally couldn't decide what I wanted. 

I had mini waffles with fruit and syrup as well as a small muffin which was amazing. They also had breakfast potatoes and greens. They had other items if you wanted brunch. 

I wish I could've had dinner here. It was gooood.笑
I added a review of the all you can eat buffet in the Aria and so felt I had to own up to this one too...
This buffet is apparently legendary in Vegas. Especially on a Sunday (free 'Champagne') we were on our way home that day so didn't partake in the fizz - thank the lord as whatever you used to win from the local fun fair in the park for getting two hoops over a bottle with a fiver elastic-banded to it was more like Champagne than this stuff seemed to be.
The queue is HUGE, go ask reception for two line passes, they gave us one.
The place is rammed with Americans who are ramming their faces with cheap fizz and "International" cuisine. It's OK. Just about. Wide selection. Free for all. Some things are good, some things are not so good. Presentation leaves a lot to be desired. All those people troughing huge plates of 'curry'chow mein and roast lamb on one plate, with a side of spag bol, just isn't my idea of legendary. Go if you must. But if you want to experience the phenomenon of 'all you can eat' Vegas, without feeling that you have just gone that tacky step too far, head next door to the Aria. Much better all round.笑
BEST BUFFET IN THE WORLD HANDS DOWN!

If you are in Vegas this is a must go to buffet. If the line looks long suck it up and wait. When I went the line went out to the casino but we only waited about 20/25 min which isn't that bad. The price surprisingly isn't as high as I thought it would be the first time I went. I think dinner was $32 sun-thurs and $39 for fri/sat for "gourmet dinner". I highly suggest going on fri/sat since the selection was amazing. 

Highlights of the buffet:
-prime rib
-kobe beef
A LOT OF PASTAS
-endless crab legs, sashimi, sushi
-and bombass desserts笑
EXCELLENT buffet :)

The only part of the buffet that I didn't quite enjoy was the Asian selection...but hey...the rest of it made up for it all the way!

**Pesto mashed potatoes were BOMB!!!!**笑
One hour wait for a modest selection of above average food.  They had only two carving stations and two omlet stations.  Bellagio really could have used more of everything or at least a better variety of food.笑
Went for the Champagne Brunch at THE BUFFET.   The food was good and the selection was decent.  The buffet at the Wynn had more selection but THE BUFFET wasn't to shabby.  

All the buffet standards were there: Customer Omlette Station, sushi (first buffet I've been at with some veggie sushi), prime rib station, shirmps, salad, and various breakfast foods.   They had a decent Asian food section as well.  

Vegetarian Rating: 4/5 for the brunch at least there are lots of options that taste great.笑
Don't waste your money at this place! Go to Ceasar Bacchanal. Rude service and there's  barely anything to chose from. Legs were so salty. Prime rib was ok. Sushi selection was ok. The salmon poke was very good. Dinner for 2 on a Friday night was $85.笑
We went twice during this trip. Weekday dinner and Friday brunch,
Yeh.. it is pricy, but include drinks and dessert..etc, it is worth the money.
Food is okay, specially Prime Rib.. 
But desserts were artful. I want to know the recipe of Chocolate Vanilla dome.
It was best chocolate dessert I had. I liked the petite size, so I can try many desserts without wasting.
Good buffet..great dessert.笑
In this buffet the quality of the food is unquestionable. Flavor and presentation of each option offered is their priority. All the dishes are prepared with the highest quality ingredients.

The presentation and set up of the different stations are two other things that they are carefully done and maintained during the day. Chefs are constantly making sure  everything is still in place and to restock items that are low in the stations.

As for the service, to be honest, it is a little bit standoffish.

Read my extended review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/04/29/le-village-vs-the-buffet/笑
***Dinner buffet review***
Reasonable price for nice variety including crabs and prime rib

So my husband and I are very much buffet fanatics when visiting Vegas.  We usually end up going to buffet at least once a day.  

We always loved Bellagio buffet and have been here several times.  It has a great mix of pretty much what you expect in a buffet.  Considering price, food choices (seafood included), ambiance, it is a solid 4 stars.

* Food:  
- Snow and King crabs = cut in half and COLD.  The best thing about the crabs here is that they have plenty of them out so you won't have to stand in line for so long.  (HINT:  Snow crabs are actually more tasty than the King crabs...I know, it's werid)

- Prime Rib = very yummy, very fast line.

* Price: $29.95/person (Thursday night)

* Ambiance = typical casino buffet.  Very nice but not so nice that you feel awkward carrying a plate full of crab legs and melted butter.  

* Service = Very attentive.  No need to ask for refills or taking away dirty dishes.笑
Thank goodness I fled the streets of Paris to head over to this buffet!  It was soooooo good.  At a buffet I'm a sampler, and if I can't control the portions I just go for a taste.   I recall that the couple to my side was absolutely appalled that I picked up about 5 desserts.  Well, not so much appalled but absolutely jealous that I exhibited no shame for my total commitment to pigging out ...he,he,he.  Bastards!  I was appalled that no one else left a tip for the servers.

Oh, why the missing star?  Only b/c I remember the best brunch ever at this one hotel on Waikiki...will update if I can remember which it was.笑
My best advice for approaching the Bellagio buffet at breakfast/brunch time -

-Show up around 10-10:30. Gives you enough time to sample some of the breakfast food and pretty quickly get the changeover to lunch, when they bring out some great savory options. 

-Skip the breakfast pastry bar. Middling quality and really just stomach filler. 

-Top items: spicy tuna hand rolls made to offer (comes out at noon); shrimp fresh rolls; grapefruit kale salad. Unsurprisingly they put these in a case with a staffed server rather than being open for grabs. 

-Runner ups: seafood ceviche (scallops and mangos); roast lamb; pesto mashed potatoes; smoked salmon; broccolini; like everyone says, crab legs are fresh and delicious. These come out at 11 and if you're one of the first to the display you can get some of the very large sized claws. 

-You can mix items from different stations to get new creations - like build your own sundae with bread pudding, caramelized peaches, soft serve vanilla bean custard and soft serve peach sorbet. Nom!

-Most of the bite sized pastries are only okay. The passion fruit guava tartlet with chocolate crunches on top is a diamond in the rough!笑
BEST brunch on the Strip ... individually made omelets & fresh fruits to suit all tastes.  Friendly service of the highest quality.  Not cheap for sure but of the highest quality makes it well worth every dollar!笑
I was imagining so nice. maybe thats why i like this place  not a lot. but some of food are tasty , waiter was so professional and fast. lot of desserts. busy restaurant.  i was in line almost half hour.笑
By far the best buffet I've ever been to for the price ($35 w/o drinks). If i wasn't carnivorous, I'd almost feel guilty about all the animals that had to be slaughtered to bring such diversity to the selection.笑
Another one of my favorite buffets!

Can't go wrong with anything in Bellagio. I leave this place happy and satisfied every time.笑
How disappointed. We went here for lunch and couldn't believe how sub par the food was. I guess since we heard such good things we expected better. We went to Caesars new buffet the night before and this buffet doesn't come close. The sliders were overcooked. The ribs were terrible. Sushi choices were all veggie until she finally made a spicy tuna roll which was average. Salads were good. If you like pesto this is the place. All the pastas with pesto and the mashed potatoes with pesto were good. Desserts were good. For the reputation I expected better.笑
This is one of THE BEST Buffets that there is on the LV strip. =) I have to agree..seafood wise, It's WAY better than WYNN's buffet..it has much mroe of a variety of foods to choose from & its cheaper & just much better =)
GREAT seafood selection & desert too..You really can sneak in b/w Lunch & dinner & just pay the lunch price..hahahah..LOL =)
I just LOVE the King Crab legs here! I can eat tons & tons of it! =)笑
I am sorry to admit this but this buffet is a little bit overrated. The pre-cut crab legs ended up tasting weird and extra salty. The selection of food was decent but I don't have any lasting memories of it. 
I must say that in the Japanese sushi section they had hands down the best california roll I have ever had in my life. I might've thrown down at least 10 of them.
I guess it's worth it to come here so that you can say you've had it, otherwise I would rather go to Wynn or Spice Market.笑
Every time I come here I think it's going to be up to par with everything else Bellagio has to offer.  But, it fails every time.  The food is not tasty.  Plate after plate I threw away.  Hoping for something better next trip to the buffet.  It made me feel responsible for world hunger.  It made me want to have a word with the chefs about how to season.  It made me wish I was at the buffet at Wynn.笑
1. Verdict/Value: One of the mid to better options on the Strip - enjoy on a weekday for lower pricing!  Steve Wynn fans should really enjoy the buffet at The Wynn instead of this one for better food quality and selection.

2. Food: $33.99 for dinner during the weekday, it offers a fair range of good quality options over a number of other buffets on the Strip.  Salads, pasta, carving stations, food of various ethnicities and cuisines await you before the selection of soft serve ice cream and mini desserts call your name.

3. Service: It's a buffet, so expectations are low; the server we had did a good job in making sure our beverages were always full.

4. Atmosphere: with decor matching the rest of the casino, it's clean, pleasant, and bright enough to know what's underneath the tables.  Hungry and/or those wanting a more contemporary environment should ask for one of the four-seat cherry-wood tables near the buffet.笑
4.5 (i like the atmosphere and interior of the wynn better)
had champagne brunch here on sunday around 10am....

the food was pretty good, i loved the omelette station, and i get to choose anything, as much as i wanted to go into my omelette...
their waffles and brioche french toast were also really good!
they had a nice large selection of breakfast foods, from basic american staples (cereal, toast, pancakes, waffles, sausage, bacon, eggs, oatmeal, grits, etc) some asian foods (miso soup, hot and sour soup, congee, stirfry) to basic vegas buffet staples (honey bacon, crab legs, cocktail shrimp, salads, prime rib)

everything tasted great, service was great, but i just cant stop comparing to wynn buffet!笑
OK, here's my try at a comparative review of the Bellagio & Wynn dinner buffets - the two highest rated of the Vegas casino buffets (& the priciest). Was lucky to try both during my trip - reading previous reviews, looks like food selection varies slightly daily. My review is based on what I ate - there was alot that I did not try.

Price
- Bellagio is cheaper ($30) vs Wynn ($35)

Interior/Atmosphere
- Liked Wynn better - garden decorations, more airy brighter & comfortable, less noisy. Bellagio layout seemed more packed & noisy.

Service
- Wynn servers were faster & more attentive and efficient (refills, plate  removal, coffee). 

Food
- Crab goes to Bellagio. Wynn only had split King Crab. Bellagio had King Crab & Snow crab. Both served the crab split & cold - straight from the box (Wynn server kept refilling the buffet straight from the box, they could have done this better). Flavor of both about the same, both very fresh tasting. Wynn provided drawn butter - Bellagio did not.

Shrimp was tie - great at both places.

- Red Meat goes to Wynn. Wynn prime rib was seasoned better - Bellagio tasted like any other buffet. Both offered leg of lamb but was dry. Bellagio offered Kobe sirloin - not memorable. Wynn offered lamb t-bone & osso bucco, both dry.

- Sushi goes to Bellagio. Wynn did not offer. Bellagio also offered Steak tartar - was not appealing or tasty.

- Salad/Fruit/Cheese/Cold meats - tie. I did not eat any green salads or fruit. Salad layouts looked great - I'd rate them a tie. Wynn had cold meats - very nice. Cheese at Bellagio was very nice (esp for dessert).

Desserts goes to Wynn. Preparation of the deserts was better & more variety - loved the mango lychee tapioca. Wynn had more variety & was nicely presented in individual plastic flutes. Coffee was hot at Bellagio, Wynn was warm.

In summary
- Close Tie based on food alone. After trying both, I'm happy to report that both had very nice buffets & can highly recommend them both. If you are crunched for time & need to pick one, go for Wynn - based on atmosphere & service.笑
I decided to give this one a shot based on the reviews here. There was a line waiting to get in, but it wasn't too bad. I think I only waited about 15 minutes to get a table. I was really impressed with the choices and quality of the food. There were so many delicious items and everything was so fresh. One thing I don't understand, why do people pile the crab legs so high on their plates like they've never seen them before or that they will run out? 
  I tried the Wynn buffet the following night and was very disappointed with the selection on that buffet and even the quality seemed a few steps below the Bellagio. 
   Another thing, the people complaining about the Bellagio...I'm sure you still stuffed your faces. If you are unimpressed or have a problem, then let them know ASAP, don't eat...go home and write a negative review a few days later.笑
$35/person.  No kids no senior pricing.  Service was good.  Crowded.  Crab legs popular.  Meat was good.  Some Asian food.笑
My family and I (group of 4) waited about a little over than hour to try this buffet. We were about to use a groupon to eat at the buffet at Planet Hollywood, but since we ate there numerous times before and wanted to try something new, we all decided to check out Bellagio's. To my disappointment, the food was alright. There was nothing memorable for me and I find myself struggling as to what to get again. The dessert bar was probably the best part for me.

I'm most likely not coming back, but feel free to try it for yourself! Maybe the food will work for you. The family and I ended up regretting not using the groupon in the end and the wait was definitely not worth it.笑
Meh...nothing special.  Brunch price was about 23.95 and 28.95 if you wanted unlimited mimosas.  I thought the food was eh... I didn't really eat too much to be honest b/c I was so dehydrated!  They had all the usual breakfast foods.  Friends enjoyed the pesto mashed potatoes..I thought it tasted kinda different... I only enjoyed the penne pasta with marinara...the most simple thing on there to eat, but that's all I liked.  Didn't try the prime rib but it was very rare so be forewarned if you don't like red meat.  Spicy tuna handroll was ok. Good selection of breads. Fruits weren't too sweet.  And the only part to every meal I look forward to was dessert...and that was a disappointment.  They didn't have creme brulee...just flan...but it tasted bitter. Bread pudding was ok...nothing spectacular.  My man was particularly impressed that they served fresh carrot juice.  Service I must say was excellent.  Oh...and one more thing... if you have a party of 8 or more, they automatically charged you an 18% gratuity.  That in itself blows.  Especially for a buffet.  Yeah yeah..it's Vegas... still.  Bogus.

I think I'm just too darn picky of an eater though...so don't take my review too much at heart.  :)笑
Before you read on, the 5 STARS is because I'm comparing it against ALL other buffets I have been to & especially the ones in Vegas.

onto my BRIEF SUMMARY!
- Buffets are usually about quantity not quality, but Bellagio gives you great quality food & a whole lot of it
- Smaller than Rio but better quality
- Great service
- Wasted food goes to Pig Farm
- Quality Deserts

Every time I go to Vegas, I've officially been there 3 times in the last 6 months, I've got to hit the Bellagio Buffet. Bottom line. Yes, you should go to Rio because it's the world's biggest buffet, but when you're done poo-ing your brains out, you'll want to spend an additional 5 bucks and go to Bellagio.

VEGAS = LINES. So if you're gonna cry about waiting in line for the club or a really great restaurant, then don't go to Vegas. It's like going to an amusement park during some busy holiday weekend and crying about how you have to wait in line for a ride. It's RIDICULOUS. Suck it up and wait.. the longer you wait, the MORE food you'll probbaly eat. HAHA

So we waited like 10-15 minutes in line to eat dinner on Friday Night around 7 or 8pm. Normal wait time in Vegas without reservations can be at least an hour. it is a little bit pricey but again, it's worth it. Yeah it's 34.99 and basically you pay $40/a person.

In general the Bellagio is a NICE Casino and the buffet has nice decor. As soon as we sat down we were greeted and put our drink orders in. and then headed towards the buffet!

If you haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet yet, make sure you go around ONCE and look at everything they have to offer. The stuff on the right side isn't always the same as the stuff on the left side, so you wanna plan out what all you want to eat lol. The thing about Bellagio is that unless you're absolutely stuck on something in particular, you could probably eat a whole bunch of different meals in one setting haha.

My first stop is always the salad bar. They have freshly prepared salads to choose from and then they have the built-it-yourself. I love that their field greens are always fresh as well all of the other ingredients. They've got plenty of salad dressings and toppings. 

On to the stuff that everyone wants, but rarely matters to me. Seafood! There's so much food in general, that I basically ignore all the crab legs and other seafood. There is sushi available and it looks ok. I think I had it back in December and it wasn't anything to brag about. 

Bellagio seems to specialize in giving you different "gourmet" type foods. I especially loved the Kobe Beef Top Sirloin, Beef Wellington, Roasted Turkey and the Ostrich. Although, I've never ate Ostrich, I thought it was cool that they had it! They also had roasted Quail. Didn't try it but hey if you're adventurous, do you!

Bellagio also has all of the staple foods that regular buffets have. Super creamy and fluffy mashed potatoes (& a pesto version), fresh artisan bread, Asian cuisine, pastas, and carved meats.

Deserts is where I think Bellagio sets itself from the Rio. Rio has a lot of selection, as does Bellagio. But Bellagio's cheesecake is legitimate. I think it's plain cheesecake with a fruit topping is equivalent to cheesecake factory. The cheesecake itself is very rich and smooth. And they have other deserts as well. I ate a few different things, but usually you're too full to even eat desert, depending on who you are.

All in all, Bellagio to me is the best buffet in Las Vegas. I prefer it over any other buffet that I've been to and the service is great. They constantly filled up my drink, took away my dishes and offered advice on food. I'm sure there's people that may disagree with me, but ehh they're not as cool as me! haha.

Go to Bellagio and eat the buffet. Don't waste your money on a cheap buffet that's gonna keep you on the toilet. Get quality & quantity here!笑
So overrated. I was so disappointed.

If you plan on eating buffets on the strip, start with this one and end with the Wynn Buffet. We did the opposite, and oh how sad I was. The atmosphere is meh and the food was ok. I guess it wasn't that bad considering it was only $20, but for that I could have gotten a delicious breakfast at the Hash House A Go Go and been much happier.笑
I tried this buffet with a friend on a Thursday for lunch and I have to say that I was quite disappointed by the quality/price ratio of the place.

First things first, the buffet is ideally located on the strip inside the Bellagio hotel. The hotel has a rather large parking structure that allows you to park without too many difficulties. You should note that the parking structure will become paid very soon though.

My main issue with this buffet is the price. This is easily one of the most expensive buffets in Las Vegas, and as such, you would expect to get absolutely top-quality food. Unfortunately, that is not the case. The food is good but nothing exceptional for the price, thus leading to a low quality/price ratio.

Service is pretty good, but alcohol is not included in the price so be ready to spend even more if you want to include that in your meal.

Overall, I would not recommend this buffet since many others are just as good as well as much cheaper. Stay away from tourist traps! Feel free to message me should you need any additional information.笑
Terrible food. The day before we had buffet at the Caesar's and had amazing time with 5 star service.

Bellagio buffet is poorly designed and implemented. The food choice is limited with no hot food.. Well let me reiterate the "hot" food is only mildly warm, so do not let the steam trick you. The king crab legs are cold not like the Caesar's where the chef boils the crab and give them to you right on the spot.
 
The food tastes like cheap low class that you can find at local suburban casino. Close to frozen sushi (only 2-3 choices), smoked salmon?!! Which is not fresh yikes. The only thing We liked is the lamb.

Service is more like bus boys not much attention to patrons...笑
This is a breakfast review.

Tasty, limited choice, TERRIBLE organization of the lines, better coffee than most but that's not saying much, they roll out lunch before 11am so don't plan on sneaking in for breakfast near lunchtime.笑
We came for Weekend brunch which was pretty good though inferior to the other ones in Vegas I've been to this year (Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon, and Mozen ... yes I'm always uncomfortably full when I board the plane back home). 
To be fair, it is also cheaper than the ones I've named at 29.99 for regular brunch Saturday and Sunday. BUT we realized the next day they had charged us the champagne brunch price of $41.99 without anyone offering us champagne!!! Grrrr

The selection is fairly standard. The highlights included their pesto mashed potatoes, and their thin pizza selection which includes a delicious pesto shrimp. The fiancee enjoyed his prime ribs a lot, but the seafood selection and quality was unimpressive. The desserts were fairly good, though I prefer the gelato stations at Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon). 
The ambience and decor is fairly casual- the seating area makes me feel like I'm at a diner instead of in the Bellagio.笑
Let me keep this short and sweet 
Expected more for$ 50 .food was stale basic af if I should say so myself . Seafood not fresh. Better food quality at sizzler笑
Meh, nothing special. Lots of choices, but nothing really tasted very well. Sorry, Belagio, I was really excited about you.笑
I think this would have to be my all time favorite buffet as of now. i don't care if i have to undo the button of my jeans while i'm eating..IT'S THAT GOOD..and it's cheap too (sun-thur is around 30 bucks, and 37 on fri-sat for dinner)
i'll provide a more detailed review after my next visit --which will be coming up (YES!)

things that i remember were awesome right off the top of my head:
pesto tortellini
sea bass
mushrooms and asparagus ( yes, i actually don't know why but for some reason the mushrooms and asparagus were freaking good! i ate 4 plates of them)
my sis said the beef tartare was great and the sushi selection was pretty fresh. i never got to the beef tartare though (boo) since they were always out every time i went up to get them笑
1) Totally overpriced for the Holidays. I am not even sure why people wait for 2 hours in line.Maybe they want to go back home and inform all their facebook friends about the Bellagio experience. No exceptions for hotel guest,even if its your birthday or that very special day in your life. But Gamblers get front of the line card!!!.   2) Not a good variety for Vegetarians and vegans. They really don't care.With So many Indians walking around the hotel lobby and also in the queue,I am not sure why they choose to ignore Indian Food and not have any indian specialities. Indian restaurants are everywhere now,NYC, SFO  or Hollywood or even on Vegas strip.Chicken Tikka Masala is a  favorite for  millions of people,But Bellagio choose NOT to offer any Indian Dishes in their GRAND BUFFET.( 1/6 population of this world is Indian and millions more enjoy the dishes worldwide )
If you are a Veggie, Please avoid this over rated Buffet and use your money wisely elsewhere.The family next to us walked out after waiting for over an hour as their daughter went in to see what was available and didnot like the offering. And this is a real story.笑
When the fish tastes like ham there is something wrong.  I would compare this to a cheap $5 buffet that costs $20 per plate.  We are trying to get our money back right now, everything is bad.  Hope I don't get sick.笑
47.99 (holiday price) getting high quality of seafood & desserts They have "Topnotch" quality king crab leg, where its REAL refers to "natural sweet" & tender w/fresh hot butter dip. 
They use to have the BEST veal (baby cow; tender soft) but this time, they don't have it. 

Their desserts are the best, they use to have the fresh made eclairs but they don't have it this time.. But the light cream mousse were the best compare to Wynn & encore's buffets.笑
Not worth the wait and the price.  I had other las vegas buffet for third of the price that was much better..... and no 40 minute wait in line.笑
What a great buffet this is I have not tried the Wynn one yet so no comment yet.  But everything in this buffet is so top quality.  The crab legs, salmon sashimi, smoked salmon, creme brulee, and of course the seafood pastry station is the best.笑
it was awful. sushi was serve with thin slice of fish and a lot of rice, ribs was chewy and it does not fall off the bones, crab legs was too salty, pizza was soggy and greasy,fruits was not ripe and sour,steak was chewy ( picture yourself chewing gum),mushroom soup was salty and whole mushroom( not thin slice) does not taste good  with soup, fish was chewy and dry, and last, those annoying ,smelly,hopeless,lung cancer, smokers that stink the place笑
Overall it was OK. 3 star middle of the road delivery. Prime rib was dry and not much, desserts were mediocre at best (mostly small individual pastries), snow crab was supposedly AMAZING (very juicy), and caviar was also supposedly very very high quality. Chicken pieces were so so, lamb was supposedly really good. Salmon was very tasty and flakey.笑
This was the second time I've dined at this excellent buffet. The first time was last year. My friends warned me that we would be having the crab buffet. I came prepared to conquer, and shared a pair of disposable gloves with each of them. I use the gloves for better grip and less mess /odor on my hands. ..it works! They also have disposable hand wipes, so remember to ask for some. The restroom is also located near the entrance of the buffet for convenient clean up!

This time, my friend's father treated us to the lunch buffet for her birthday ...YAY!  I wanted him to see that I got his money's worth so I ate as much as I could and I made him proud!  When I went back for MORE dessert, he laughed and got another plate, too! Because he only spoke Japanese, I thanked him for my meal with many happy facial expressions, rubbing my fat belly and sighing often! 

My favorite food choices were, of course, the crab legs. At about 3:15pm, they arrive on the buffet line cold and sliced in half lengthwise. You may ask for yours to be warmed up. I also liked the Herb Crusted Rack of Lamb, the Kale with Pine Nut Salad, the Watermelon Tomato salad with watercress & Goat cheese, Coconut Mango Panna Cotta, Creme Brulee and Fresh Strawberry tarts! YUM! 

I really liked the variety and quality of food at this buffet.  For $30, it's not bad! The service by T. (originally from Ethiopia, he has a very long name) was exceptionally good. T is an excellent waiter - very attentive, prompt, & personable. He didn't make fun of my unusual beverage request which was half decaf and half hot chocolate. He just repeated my order back to me to confirm,  then he said that he will have to try it himself because he had never had this request before! 

So, if you need a chauffeur and/or a dining companion in Vegas, I surely can do the job and bring you here!笑
The buffet at Bellagio makes your trip coming to Las Vegas worthwhile even when your luck is down. You will not go wrong when deciding which is the best buffet on the strip. Cause Bellagio always has maintain a consistency in the quality of their food. Everything r serve fresh and taste like it  just came out from the kitchen stove. No soggy stale food left long in their station. I find the staffs r also very accommodating. Even the picky eater r satisfy! 

If u go to the Bellagio buffet half hr before dinner is serve. You will get the dinner entries for the price of a lunch which is a huge saving in your wallet. Only a few buffets in Vegas does the overlap! So please do some GOOGLE for more tips! The entries serve has more seafood options like King and Alaskan crab legs. Those will cost u an arm and a leg if u order them in restaurants. I especially prefer the Italian station at the buffet. The calamari r out of this world! Their wonton soup r also a winner only if u have the luck of the Leprechaun. I went there twice just to try it and both times without any luck!笑
Sunday brunch review:

No king crab legs...this was a big disappointment for us since we were ALL looking forward to this.  But they had eggs benedict, delish smoked salmon and scallop ceviche.  Shrimp cocktail was okay.  Pancakes are made fresh hazelnut french toast which looked really good, there is also a custom omelet stand.  I didn't eat any bread product (other than bread pudding which was yum) or rice bc I wanted to eat the out of ordinary stuff lol
Prime rib was tender and juicy.  Drinks were included other than bottomless mimosas and they have sparkling water!!!  Service was great.

Strangely enough (because it's not an unusual item), I keep thinking about the sugar free cheesecake.

Do not get sorbets, super melty and peach sorbet tasted like puke.  Get the raspberry kind if you must.笑
I really regretted coming to this buffet.  My wife and I are really not picky eaters but this place was really bad.  We went on a Tuesday evening and it was pretty empty.  The only three things that I liked were the prime rib, creme brulee and a mushroom ravioli.  The other things were either bordering disgusting to unedible.  Some things were so bad I had to spit them out.  I usually never spit out food (only done it a few times in my life).  At Bellagio buffet I did it three times.  And the cook staff (except for the meat carver guy) all seemed uncaring and bored.  And the food that they cooked showed all their emotions unfortunately.  Usually when I read negative reviews like the one I am writing now, I tend to brush them off or try to forget about them and only focus on good reviews cause I really want to try this buffet.  But believe me, you can skip this buffet. I don't know what the other people who wrote good reviews about this buffet ate but certainly it was not the same food that we ate.  I guess it wasn't just us though.  Lots of other people around us was complaining about the food too.  Many people just ate a bite of things and left the rest on the plate uneaten.  This happens frequently in buffets as people like to waste food, but at Bellagio this day there was an unusual amount of wasted food and unhappy faces on customers.  As for the coffee that some people rave about.  I found it to be worst than the regular McDonald's coffee. I drink coffee a lot so believe me when I say the coffee at Bellagio is the worst I've drank in a long long time.  If you want a safe bet, then go to Wynn instead.  You won't regret it.  And no, I don't work for Wynn.  I am just a tourist probably just like you.笑
We came in late, or maybe it is that the quality changed over the years, but, I remembered it to be a much higher end affair.笑
Not your average buffet. Lamb, beef with chimichurri sauce, sushi, pastas, salads, vegetables, all kinds of breads, desserts, etc. You would think that you're eating in a gourmet establishment.笑
We ate here our first day in Vegas. Since we were starving and the buffet was just downstairs, we decided to try it out. The food was good, not great for the price. There wasn't as much as variety as I was expecting. Though the hotel itself is wonderful, there are better places to eat. If you want a buffet worth the price try Planet Hollywood.笑
I'm not generally a buffet fan so this is a grain of salt review. We headed over to Bellagio for Saturday brunch. Got there a little before 11 and waited 30 minutes-ish before getting seated. Lunch menu was $32.

Selection was quite impressive with a lot of variety. It reminded me of a Mexican/Caribbean resort venue, where quantity abounds over quality. Usual stuff like the omelet station was available, though for that coin I'd have liked to see more high-end stuff. Prime rib, roasted turkey, smoked salmon and a decent-looking sushi bar were probably the best bang for the buck. No problems with service; drink refills were plentiful and easy to come by.笑
I normally don't do buffets but this one is fantastic! For around $25 at dinner, you have items to chose from like, king crab, prime rib, pesto mashed potatoes and sushi! There is a salad bar, soups, various fish entrees, Asian, Indian, Italian and American foods. Plus everything is good! I think I tried a little of everything! :( The dessert bar has a good selection of yummies like tirimisu,cheesecake and tarts. They are all presented really nice with chocolate "B's", for Bellagio of course. Not all buffets are good on the strip so BUYER BEWARE. Spend the extra $5 per person to go to the Bellagio, it is WELL worth the extra cash.笑
I was all over the king crab legs, the salad bar, and the cheese platter.

the food doesnt like knock you out because its so amazing, but for buffet food its the best.  i discovered that if you go around 3:30, you will have a selection of both lunch and dinner for the lunch price.

I have eaten here a few times and have never been dissappointed.笑
I'm normally not a fan of buffets because of the mediocre food they have but after hearing that this place had good food, I had to check it out.  We decided to go on a non peak day (Thursday) and the wait time in line was about 15 minutes.  

They have several different section to their buffet.  They have a pasta/salad section which had a nice assortment of cheeses, meats, and vegetables.  They had Caesar salad with Parmesan chips, they also had different soups.  The next station is a carving station with turkey, brisket, and flank steak.  They even had mini burger sliders.  The burger sliders were a bit undercooked by my standards but still safe to eat.  Could have used some seasonings.  They had a shrimp table, a Chinese/ Japanese section and a dessert section with about 20 different mini desserts.

I have to say that out of all buffets, this one takes the mark.笑
Made for gluttony, buffets add to the many sins rampant in Vegas, but one I admittedly partake in.

I've had all meals here before - breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. And I love it all. For the quality, price and selection, you really can't beat Bellagio. Highlights for me include:

- The best creamy just slightly runny scrambled eggs
- Cute petite jars of marmalade 
- Alaskan king crab legs (yes yes, most places do have this, but still good)
- Chilean Sea Bass (endangered but delicious)
- Sushi bar, made to order
- Steak tar tar, again made fresh to order
- Dessert Bar
- Bread Bar

This latest trip I got to try some Ostrich and Buffalo meat too. While not something I would particularly crave again, it was nice to be able to try.

Bellagio is always my go-to buffet. It's my one meal a day in sin city. 

Tip: Come around 3:30p so you can enjoy "Linner" at lunch prices. And skip the lines if you stay at the hotel as a guest. Otherwise, come early or else be prepared to wait in an hour + line.笑
After being unsatisfied from a dinner buffet at The Wynn, we headed to the buffet at Belagio the next day for lunch. Its cost was $19.99+taxes per person. We loved the variety. It was huge. The soy marinated beef was the bomb. They even had tuna wrapped in seaweed and spring rolls upon your request. Their desert is much better than at The Wynn for sure. They have at least 8 flavors of icecream, unlike at The Wynn only 3 typical ones. We'll come back again next time to try their dinner buffet.笑
Food: There's a wide selection, not as much as I would have hoped. There's fruits, desserts, sushi, seafood, Chinese, Meats, desserts, and a grand selection of starches. I wish they had more vegetarian specific dishes, not just fruits, veggies, and salad.  There's also a bar. 

Price: It's somewhat reasonable, however considering it was a bit pricey, I would have enjoyed a wider range of selection, since it's somewhat high end.

Location: It's located inside Bellagio. I'm not sure how it is if you drive, since we walked. 

Wait Time: Somewhat long, but it is a buffet in a hotel, so it's understandable. It wasn't that long of a wait to sit 6 adults and 1 toddler. There was a line to wait, but the wait wasn't unbearable. When we were finally seated, I saw there were a lot of open tables, which didn't make sense to me. There were also a lot of servers, so I don't think there was a problem of not having a server for different areas around the buffet seating area. 

Service: It was ok. I mean the guy serving our drinks and taking our plates was great, friendly, and funny. But the lady hostess weren't the most friendly people. Since we had a toddler, we needed a high chair. When the hostess saw my mom carrying my nephew, the hostess asked to take away the high chair. Of course, my mom just said yes to be polite, but I thought it was really rude to that. I mean, there were other tables that requested a high chair and ended up holding their baby half-way through. It's just rude to that, because later we needed to use it.

Ambience: There are a lot of people and it does get crowded, which is expected in a buffet setting. Crowding also means it is noisy. Although, at least we didn't hear the plates clashing "behind doors," which some buffets are known for.笑
We had high hopes for this place but sadly it wasn't as good as we expected.

4 of us plus1 baby came here for dinner at 5 pm.  I know, that's the retirement hour but any later and the baby turns into a pumkin.

The food was just ok, nothing special or out of the ordinary.  They had lots of king crab legs that were pretty good, prime rib (dry), lamb that didn't taste like lamb, kobe beef top sirloin (okay but dry), crepe station was good and the salmon & ahi poke were tasty.

Unfortunately the sides were unexciting and the dessert was a total bust, not much flavour and generally unmemorable.  The last time we were in Vegas, we went to the Wynn buffet and that was much better.  Perhaps because it was a weekend and it was brunch.笑
A great feast with more to offer than mingling with the morbidly obese.
Quality and presentation are the stand outs here.笑
the food is not too great 
staff -poor service 
nothing beats the Baccanal buffet at Caesar's Palace笑
Let s start with the food, not much of a variety, like any regular Buffet but you have to pay $35 for it!! Waiting time was almost for one hour standing on my feet!!
Don t throw your money on it while you can go to Bacchanal buffet at Caesars and enjoy every bite for the same money.
Bad experience.笑
While the buffet is expensive at $40, I'm pretty sure I ate about $500 worth of Alaskan King Crab legs (which they conveniently split in half for you.)

The food quality isn't 5 stars, but it's definitely in the top-tier of what you can expect to find in a buffet.

Sushi was ok, quail was very good.笑
I am told from tons of people that the 2 best buffets in Vegas are Bellagio and Wynn. I have had both. Bellagio has more flavor. The chefs know how to season the food at Bellagio. Everything is so good. It tasts like home cooked food and not rushed buffet food.
 I am vegetarian and I couldn't believe the selection of vegetarian options at Wynn. I filled up my plate without making it to the end of the buffet line. And then I made another round and finished to the end of the buffet. I felt like I was in a vegetarian restaurant. Then I tasted everything. There was no flavor AT ALL in the meatless dishes. Most important part of being a chef is knowing how to season dishes. Wynn needs new chefs.笑
Although everything at the Buffet at Bellagio was fairly good, it fell short of my expectations. At Bellagio I would expect a truly upscale or distinctive experience, even in the buffet.  Instead, I found myself in a buffet that was above average, but with nothing remarkable.  The buffet has crab legs, but they are snow crab, not king crab, and average quality.  The sushi was tasty, but hastily made in bulk with shoddy presentation. The pasta dishes were probably my favorite part, with a good variety of filled and long pastas in creative sauces and presentations.  The dessert pastries were also good, but no better than you'd find in any mid-range buffet.  Finally, the biggest disappointment: a soft-serve ice cream dispenser.  At Bellagio I would have expected a gelato bar or hard serve ice cream parlor.

In summary, if you go there expecting an average buffet, and you don't mind paying more for location, this buffet delivers.  Everything was good or above-average, but nothing was great.  If you're expecting a distinctive or outstanding experience, you won't find it here.笑
Was there just two days ago. I had been there several times over the years and thought it was the best buffet in Vegas. I was disappointed this time. The quality was down. It seemed more like a cafeteria than a high end hotel. Sushi was ice cold,  bacon was oily and not crispy and kobe beef was hardly edible. It was tough, hard to cut and looked like a piece of leather. Cook at the omelet station was coughing up a storm while cooking. On the other hand, crab legs and desserts were good. Will not be heading back here any time soon.笑
I was definitely shocked by the quality of food at this caliber of a hotel. This place was made for fatties like me. Haha.I can't believe my friends and I sat here for 5 hours from Lunch to Dinner. When I was first told that we would be paying $40 for a buffet, I was a little hesitant, but it was worth it. We waited for 20 minutes to get in, and once we were in there, I ditched everyone and went straight to the foods. So glad it was my last day in Vegas and that all the tight dress party was over. 4 plates of different desserts almost put me in a sweet food coma. 

It was kinda embarrassing because our server went on breaks twice and when she came back, we were still there.笑
This review is based solely on our most recent visit 27April2014 to this Buffet.  Being a Las Vegas Local I expect much more for the amount of money we spent to eat here. My wife and I decided to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary and  treat ourselves to "something a bit fancier" than the local casinos have to offer.  I read the reviews prior to going and still made a conscious decision to take my wife here. Shame on me as I was forewarned. As soon as we arrived, we were greeted by a Hispanic host who was just shuffling people. No greeting, no "welcome"..no nothing. Just a "how many?".  After paying approx $78 for 2 of us, we were seated in a back corner by a lady who appeared to be from the African continent based by her accent.  This seating area ad a really bad stench in the area. I immediately asked if we could move to another area and pointed to much better lit and cleaner area. She was very blasé and stated "that area is closed!".  She didn't offer to seat us elsewhere..she just continued on to the next group of people. 

After being seated we headed to the food counters and found a delightful assortment of food. With my mouth watering, I began to pile on the food to take back to our unacceptable booth. The food was lacking with that "POP" of flavor that one would expect when paying this much for dinner! The food was bland, merely warm, and after 20-30 having dinner I felt nauseous for a couple hours. I want to make it clear this was not from over eating!!  To sum it up, the executive chefs at this buffet who over see the quality of the food are not worth a damn. Shame on them for letting crap be served to tourists and visitors that come to our beautiful city and then leave with an experience as my wife and I experienced. We will not be going back.  By far, this buffet should NOT be on the top 10 list to try. I understand that the next persons experience may be different due to different people working different shifts...but the lack of quality to the food...there is just no excuse.  I truly feel bad for someone vacationing here, spending so much jus to eat, and going back to their home thinking of a negative experience of our city.笑
- A wide selection of classic buffet eats with accommodation of different cuisines 
- Very early switch-over time from lunch to dinner (dinner prices begin after 3:00PM), but they won't require a clearing of the buffet in order to begin dinner, so you are welcomed to stay 
- Servers are hard to flag down, but you'll need to ask for drinks and utensils from them 
- They blast the air conditioning in the buffet, making the dining area very cold. 
- There is no ice cream/gelato bar, just a machine that gives you a choice of chocolate or vanilla soft serve
- Line ups become brutal after 2:00PM. Come earlier if wanting lunch...

WHAT IS OFFERED EXCLUSIVELY DURING DINNER:
- Crab legs 
- Nigiri and Salmon Poke
- Steaks and a larger selection of BBQ items and higher qualities of meat
- Oyster 
- More dessert options (Creme brulee, cake, etc)笑
I really am a creature of habit. If I go to a buffet on the strip I always go to the W/ynn and I am NEVER disappointed.  The long lines are what usually deter me and tonight I would have waited for two days to eat at the Wynn rather than waiting to eat at The Buffet at Bellagio.  

I had read mixed reviews from my Yelp friends and since we had some out of town guests we decided to try something different. 

What a mistake. 

The only positive was the short wait in line on a Saturday night it was only 15 minutes. 

The rest of the night pretty much goes downhill from there. 

No stand out service except for a chef at one of the stations who offered us an entree without the sauce.  

Standard generic offerings-nothing creative  

Here's what I saw:  crab legs, prime rib (but I can make a prime rib at home-so not too impressed), mussels, shrimp (no cups for a side offering of the cocktail sauce), salmon, 

Chicken, turkey, beef, pasta, mashed potatoes, 

Asparagus, ravioli, pizza, macaroni and cheese, 

Taco station/fajita station, sushi, chinese, salads, 

Fruits (but the strawberry's were all gone), 

Desserts were average: Soft serve ice-cream, cheesecake, carrot cake, macarons, nothing nut free-in fact it was the opposite and a sign states that nuts could be in desserts so my youngest could not have anything but ice cream. 

Anyway, Boring, Boring, Boring

I will add that the food was tasty and it gets 4 stars, but my rating goes down due to the lack of cleanliness and creative dishes.

All of the stations were so messy and sloppy and dry crusted on juices everywhere.  

I was really grossed out. 

No one was keeping house or had been for most of the night.

My husband said the men's restroom was dirty and disgusting. 

The seating area where we ate was was wet and food was on it we had to call someone over to clean it. 

The thought of touching every single spoon that a million other people touchedt at the buffet grossed me out.  I can appreciate the individual servings that are offered at Bacchanal, and my goodness Bacchanal's rating will go up after seeing the cluster here.

Just a note: If you go to any buffet carry antiseptic to clean your hands after handling the spoons that hundreds have touched. 

The local Station casino's were much cleaner and presentations much better than what I saw here.  

What a waste of money.  

We will not be back.笑
Wicked spoon and Wynn beat it in every category.
Basically a hometown buffet 2.0
Crab legs and dessert are the only reason for it getting 2 stars, and expect to wait an hour笑
Not your normal buffet.  This is the best buffet I ever tasted. The food wasn't the normal tasting type of buffet flavors.  It's more on the high end.  They have a large selection of seafood, Mexican, American, Indian, Japanese, Chinese, and Vetamise food.  The ribeye and coby steak is defiantly wort going back for seconds.  They have a good size salad bar and let's  not forget the deserts. Oh my, what a selection.   Make sure you save some room for all the choices, you may want one of each.  The customer service was very good and the price is understandable.  The price is on the high side, around $45 with gratuity.笑
I am in love with this buffet! I wanted to come here because Vegas is known for there buffets! I'm sad I didn't get to try the dinner service. But I had the brunch, and it was Out of this world.they also had unlimited brunch drinks for $15. I will make it a point to go back out to visit for dinner ahaha. The brunch was 41 pp. had options from ceviche, crab legs, breakfast options, steak, turkey, chicken, and many many more not counting the dessert!笑
***This is for the Champagne Brunch***

I've been to the Bellagio Buffet plenty times for dinner but never came for brunch until recently.  The bf and I went at the wrong time (noon basically) and it was so packed.  We waited a good while but I tried to keep telling myself it's worth it and it was.  The champagne with the brunch was a little over 30 bucks each which wasn't so bad.  Champagne wasn't that great but it was bottomless.  I recommend asking for orange juice to make a mimosa out of your champagne otherwise it's not so great by itself.  On to the food...

THREE WORDS...honey baked bacon...when you go to vegas you don't go on a diet and well...this was total gluttony but pretty good.  Other magical items:
Prime Rib--juicy and great with the creamy horseradish
Creamy Polenta--I'm a sucker for polenta and this was very good...creamy cheesy goodness
Blue Cheese Pasta--this is an amazing dish if you love cheese.  Rich and awesome
Baked Halibut--amazingly tasted like butter. 

There's so much more I tried but those were the winners for me.  I must admit there's better things for dinner here but brunch wasn't so bad.  I ate a full three plates of those goodies and didn't eat for the rest of the day.  Awesome :) OH...P.S.  desserts were pretty good but couldn't have any since I was so stuffed!笑
Its pricey here but the creme brulee.............. my mouth is watering while i type up this review. i think this buffet should be visited by all the vistors. it takes me a long time to walk around because there is soooo much food and sooo many people. a must go in vegas!笑
The Bellagio buffet gets my vote as the best buffet on the strip.  I cannot count the amount of times I have been here, but every time, it is excellent.  I do not really recommend the breakfast or brunch, as much as I can recommend the weekend dinner.  While the breakfast or brunch is very tasty (especially the nutella and banana stuffed french toast), it is pretty standard fare.  The weekend dinners typically include the king crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktail, kobe beef, beef wellington, and rack of lamb.  All excellent entrees.  The swordfish and mashed sweet potatoes are also excellent.  Come early (around 5ish) and with a good appetite and you will not be disappointed.

Also, the desserts are high end restaurant quality in both taste and presentation.  You cannot go wrong with anything you grab from that station.笑
A colossal disappointment!!!  Don't waste your money. Waited in line for over an hour (some for 3 hours), and spent $106 for two people. Lots of pasta and "fillers" and only a couple of high end stuff. Most of the food was mediocre and some of it was down-right bad!!  Very, very small suchi collection, most of which didn't even have any seafood in it. Prime rib was bad and the other protein was bland. All of the soups tasted like Campbell's or Progresso can soup with even less flavor. Stay away.笑
This is probably my favorite buffet I've been to on The Strip. The buffet is one of the simpler looking buffets compared to the other buffets of it's caliber in the area. It's also the cheaper option for the quality of food you get (imo), w/ lunch priced at $22 and dinner at around $37 (both + tax) on the weekdays. And heads up this is a review of their weekday menu, not their weekend (which I understand comes with more items and a higher price).

The service is good. The variety is standard. That is, they have salad, sushi, cold bar, prime rib, chicken, turkey, a semblance of chinese food, pizza, pasta, seafood, dessert, etc. If you're looking for something totally out there and exotic your'e not going to find it at this buffet (and I don't why you'd look at buffets for that type of stuff anyways). If you want more variety buffets such as the Bacchanal at Caesars will be for you. However, the reason why they're my favorite buffet is because of the food. 

The Good: 
1.) The prime rib here is the best between Bacchanal, Wynn, and Bellagio. They're smaller, but from what I've seen and eaten the prime rib is better seasoned and cooked better than the other buffets. 
2.) Lamb lollipops. The first 2 batches were really good with the proper medium rare available, but alas as time went on they overcooked it consistently.
3.) The sea bass, which was tender and had decent flavor. 
4.) Smoked salmon is offered both lunch and dinner
5.) There were split King Crab legs on a weekday dinner. Score!

The Whatever/Bad:
Sushi was whatever to bad (per-the-usual) Turkey was going on dry, but okay, the rotisserie chicken was decent, and dessert was also decent, but mostly whatever. I mostly avoid the Chinese line (at all the buffets there) and you need to check to make sure the piece of fish you are grabbing is overcooked or not. My method, poke it with the tongs. If it flakes easily than take it, if it is solid, its overcooked.

In short, the Bellagio may not have the most varied, exotic selection, or the prettiest decor, but they make food that I want to eat and do enough of it well that I'd want to come back. That and the price is pretty affordable to cheap if you're looking for a good upscale buffet to eat at.笑
Best buffet we have tried since being in Vegas! Cheaper than Wynn buffet and more seafood options!笑
hands down my favorite buffet in las vegas!!

i've been to the buffets at aria, planet hollywood, cesar's palace and wynn and was always disppointed. BUT i always walk away from the buffet at the bellagio super satisfied! 

my family and i visited las vegas during thanksgiving weekend and wanted to eat at this buffet so we decided to come at 4pm to avoid dinner traffic. sigh, our plan was a TOTAL FAIL! the line was extremely long and was told that the wait was 2 hours. my family decided to pay for the vip pass to bypass the line! 

the dinner price for the buffet was 44.99 and the pass was 15 per person...i know, it adds up BIG TIME. 

BUT! once we got in and started eating, we slowly forgot how empty our wallets were! the food was delicious! 

my top favorites:
-prime rib
-kobe beef
-king crab legs
-butternut squash ravioli
-make your own tacos 
-BREAD PUDDING!!!!! ( I STILL HAVE DREAMS ABOUT THIS!! OMG SO GOOD ) 

can't wait to go back to vegas so i can eat here again :)笑
Their gourmet buffet is the best! A little pricey but definitely worth it! I think i paid like $60 that day and yep i was alone that time. Make sure that you are super hungry when you come here because you would like to try all of the dishes. Make sure to save some room for desert. They all look very pretty and well presented!笑
Biscuits tasred like baking soda
Gravy was over seasoned 
Bacon was cold
Potat6oea ware cold and over seasoned 
Carbs was the main option for breakfast笑
Not worth the money... Pre cut prime rib ?笑
The food was amazing the service was excellent they were always there if you needed drinks or anything like that definitely recommend going here for breakfast dinner and lunch笑
The line was approximately 15-20 minutes long. It was my sisters birthday. My server, Alfonso, was very rude. The meat and dessert were superb. Everything else was blegh. $30 for a person for that? Not coming back.笑
Went here for dinner for the first time last night. Because it was a Holiday Weekend, the price was $5 more then the normal price. Since I've never been before, not sure if there was "better" food or they charge extra just because they can.

Overall, the buffet was good. I liked the things I tried. However, the crab legs were in 2 different places in the buffet and they were FROZEN in both places. Considering I really went for the crab legs, I was quite disappointed. The prime rib, while good, I've had better at some of the cheaper buffets. They had tons of desserts to chose from and the few I tried were very good.

The layout of the buffet seemed a bit cumbersome. I believe there are 9 food stations, some in the middle of the room and then up against the wall and seeing that it was quite crowded, you had to be careful crossing back and forth as to not run into anyone.

Overall, it was enjoyable. I've had better and I've had worse.笑
Sadly we went here on our last day in Vegas. Being our last day in Vegas, half of us were hungover and didn't feel like eating much so we probably didn't quite eat our money's worth. :[

However, we got there at a good time. We literally got to the cashier at 10:59am according to my receipt. There was no line at all and the cashier was super nice. I was in the front so I was gonna pay for just myself and she asked if we were all together. I told her we were and she told me that in less than a minute, the price would change and if we wanted to just pay together. So I just paid for everyone and they paid me back afterward. 

We stayed for a few hours so we had the opportunity to eat breakfast and lunch there. There was so much different types of food I was stuffed. If you go to the breakfast buffet, you should really try their omelets. They make it for you when you order it and it is awesome.  They also had yummy pineapple fried rice :]

I wasn't a big fan of their desserts though but maybe that's because I just wasn't feeling like sweets and I was stuffed.笑
Eines der teureren Buffets in Las Vegas, aber wir wollten uns mal das Bellagio mit seiner wunderbaren Blumenwelt anschauen und sind dann auch zum Buffet. Die Auswahl und die Qualität der angebotenen Speisen ist wirklich hervorragend. Ich habe mir öfter von dem wahnsinnig zarten Kobe-Rind geholt. Das war leider so gut, dass ich mich entgegen meiner sonstigen Gepflogenheiten nicht durch alles durchprobieren konnte, da meine Aufnahmefähigkeit bereits vorher zu Ende war.笑
Me and my friends were looking for a good buffet to eat at while we working at a convention this past week. We heard the Bellagio was great! So we were set to go there. We had an early day off so we got there at about 5pm to grab an early dinner. 

We got there and grabbed our first dish, we all got the seafood (sushi, sea bass, and crab legs) we were pretty please. Than we decided to try other things. So we got meats and other things. My ribs were cold, dry, and old. Than, my friends got the prime  steak and it was old as cold as well! Than my other friend got a piece of the wild boar and it was ALL fat. It was super disappointing after a long day at work. Granted maybe because we to an early dinner? But it was just awful. The best part was the dessert, but it still didn't make up for the lack of cold dry food. I wouldn't recommend to come here.笑
Very disappointed...my husband and I did the dinner buffet. We went around 5pm on a Friday night. There was no wait and we were immediately seated. The staff was very friendly but the food fell short. The selection was adequate, but the quality was lacking. Most of the entrees were luke warm and tasted like they were sitting out for awhile. 

We ate at Caesar's Palace buffet earlier in the week and Bellagio's buffet pales in comparison. Bellagio's buffet is cheaper, but it's definitely worth spending a little bit more money for better quality food.  

The service was great, but the food isn't any different from a strip mall buffet.笑
Went and stood in line for 45 minutes only to be told at the end that it was $91 for a couple, after the posted sign said $18.99 at the start of the line. Bate and switch?!? Come on Bellagio, you should be above that!笑
Unfortunately, there can be only one favorite buffet in all of Vegas, and you were it for me, Bellagio...your milkshake brought this boy to your yard, mouth drooling, stomach empty, AMEX in hand. But then I met Wynn, and I had to regulate you to booty call status. We still have a good time Bellagio, but you know when I'm eating with you I'm thinking of Wynn, I hope you're ok with that...

Unhealthy romantic relationship metaphor aside, BellBuffet can still bring the quality, the variety, and the oh so good desserts, but I'd pony up the extra George Washingtons and go to Wynn for the superior setup alone (no getting caught in odd angled lines, or stuck behind avant garde but non-functional counters). Still, from a pure food standpoint you won't be disappointed.笑
Bottomless mimosas, omelet station, sugar free desserts?!?! Amazing.

NO SALSA!?!?! Toto, I guess we aren't in Texas anymore.笑
Ahi tuna
Mac n cheese
Sushi
Pasta

That's what I remember having here.  Bellagio's buffet is the best around town.  I've been to Planet Hollywood and Wynn, and they don't compare.  I really like how they set up the food, and the selection they offer.

But beware, try to get there before the peak times 12-1pm is usually a long wait, or dinner time 7-8.  You can end up waiting for an hour.  So I guess you could try to be a preferred guest by throwing down a couple of G's at a black jack table.  Or you can be smart and come at an earlier time to avoid the wait.笑
You can't go to Vegas and NOT have their buffet!!! We came here for brunch.

I'd say Bellagio has one of the best selections! 

The prime rib was juicy good. They had a sushi sections serving none other than spicy tuna hand roll. YUM!

However, I'm NOT a fan of their customer service at the front. The cashier didn't even offer me a champagne brunch which was $5 on top of the brunch price. The ushers in the front were RUDE and told me i had to go back in line to pay for the gratuity if i wanted to sit close to my friends who were already eating. 4 of us arrived about half and hour after the 2 and another 4 after us.... we wanted to sit together but they refused and wanted us to go back in line just to pay the gratuity even thoug we would have given gratuity anyway!!! Our waitress was really great and so we tipped her $20 for just serving us drinks. I'd say that's MORE THAN the 18% they were tyring to make us pay just to sit together. So instead of letting us sit together, the usher took our friends to the OPPOSITE side just for kids. ugh. I wanted to complain, but just ignored them since it was my girlfriends bachelorette party.笑
Meh, I was expecting more from this place as it is at the Bellagio and they have sushi.  But overall, I don't think I'd come back.  It's not a bad buffet at all, but I rather have the one at Paris Paris.

The food is fresh and there is a lot of variety, but there is nothing here that has that wow factor.笑
For a $36/person meal, I expected better.  Crab still had ice in it and was bath in salt.  Kobe rib-eye steak was tough, everything else was just OK.  Only good thing  was the lamb.  Not much selected in the dessert menu.笑
As many people have previously mentioned, there needs to be half stars because I would probably rate this as a 3.5. 

My aunt really wanted to visit this buffet because it had been highly recommended by a friend of hers. We arrived at buffet at around 8p.m. and there was quite a line to get in. We were told that it was going to be at least an hour wait. We joined the line and settled in for the wait. 
Long story short, an hour and 15 minutes later, after dealing with a woman behind us who kept complaining about how hungry she was and how long it was taking for us to get in, large groups of people coming into the Invited guest line which ended with us having to wait at the beginning of our line for an additional 15 minutes, and then having to wait to be seated once we had paid, we were finally seated.
Because it was already after 9 and the buffet closed at 10, I was concerned that there wasn't going to be very much of a selection of food. The selection wasn't bad, but unless you're a seafood fan or like Italian, there really wasn't much of a selection. Many of the other dishes looked picked over and only had maybe a serving or two left. I had been hearing good things about the desserts but when I finally made it through the crowd to there, it looked like there was virtually nothing. The few different desserts that were still there had a lot of each of them, but there were maybe 5 or 6 different choices. 
I understand that we had gone late and they were going to be closing in less than an hour, but I was a little disappointed. The food was good, but I had expected more from the selection. 
The highlight of our visit, and the reason that I ended up going up half a star and rating it a 4 instead of a 3 was our server Julie. She brought our drinks quickly and refilled without us having to ask. She also cleared the empty dishes and brought us new utensils quickly and efficiently. We had excellent service from her and it was much appreciated after a long day. 

I'm not sure I'll be back any time soon. If I do, it would have to be earlier in the day because I don't know if the dinner buffet is worth the $33+ and the wait in line. It was an okay buffet, though, and if you're in the area, have the time and the money to spend, then I'd say go for it. Just don't go after 8p.m.笑
not close to what you expected. Food are badly prepared. Ingredient are cheap, go any other buffet in las vegas are butter than it.笑
We had the brunch with all you can drink champagne. The food here was really good and they had a nice selection of food. They have a 2 hour maximum time limit which was plenty of time for us. Our server was very attentive and ensured our drinks were filled at all times. Would definitely come back here again.笑
Usually long line as it is in the bellagio. Very decent selection of choices to try from. But the waititme did not match up with the buffet itself as I waited almost 2 hours.笑
Food never made us happier! This is by far THE BEST dinner buffet money can buy.

Yes it's worth the wait, and yes it's worth the $40 per person.

You will find something for even the most pickiest eater and still get your money's worth!

We will be coming back here again and again.笑
The wait to get into this buffet was testing (over an hour) but once we were in, it was no holds barred. I skipped the Chinese food (didn't look much better than what I'd get at home) and loaded up on the seafood. I counted no less than five different fish dishes, in addition to the Alaskan king crab legs, and the sushi. The sushi was surprisingly quite good -- they also had a variety of other seafood/ocean dishes, like Japanese wakame salad and ceviche.

They also had Kobe beef and filet mignon and all kinds of other cuts of meat -- my guy commented that these weren't as good as the seafood, though. There was a wide selection of desserts, which we nibbled a little bit here and a little bit there at.

Just going here for the sheer spectacle of the buffet is worth the price tag.笑
This buffet slipped big time!!!! We will never return and don't recommend any one coming here anymore!!!! Rosa (with the black curly hair) our sever in the back was not attentive to us because we were African-American. No "hello" when I had to wave her down to come over to our table for beverages. Rosa just said "what do you want to drink" with a stern unfriendly voice!!! She was so polite and talkative to the other tables because they were not people of color!!! Then she had the nerve to want to take photos for the people at the table next to us, and puts her butt in my face while doing that and move over into our table to take the pic for the other table... The people at the other table knew what she did was wrong and came over to apologize to me because they saw it was wrong!!!! The people at that table hardly spoke English but even they apologized for her actions!!!! She never came over to our table for ant assistance, but made sure to repeatedly handle and serve the others customers. Rosa didn't pick up the plates we had food finished and another server did, which he was friendly!!! There was another table that had 4 women on color and Rosa treated them the same way she treated us!!! If you're not black, Rosa will greet you and serve you many times coming back to your table with napkins, soda refills and conversations. She said good night to the other people at the end of their meals. However, people of color, we get No effort and nothing!!! Rosa has a stupid ignorant problem with black people and its ashame in 2016 people act this way!!!!
Also, for two people $90+ is a ridiculous amount for average food. There was NO steak. The crab is cold and you have to ask them to dip in hot water so it can be warm, by the time you return to your table it's cold. The cheese pizza was so-so. And no good variety of soup!!! Not worth the wait, time and price!!!!笑
One word - WONDERFUL. I come here everytime I am in Vegas and the line is always super long. If you're eating dinner there, be sure to get in line by 5pm or else you would be wasting at least an hour waiting in the long line.笑
This place is definitely overrated. Our family of 12 celebrated our "Christmas" here paid for by Mom & Dad. The line was so long, like you're waiting to get on a ride in Disneyland, and this was on a weeknight.
The food wasn't even good. They even called one of their beef dishes "Kobe" and Kobe it was NOT! It was so tough and hard to slice even with a knife and it was full of gristle.笑
Best buffet of the few my girlfriends and I tried. I went back for more plates than I should probably admit to! Lunch was definitely the only meal I needed that day.The food was wildly rich, so I tried to fit some veggies on my plate when possible.

My buffet favorites:
smoked potato salad (ohmigodddd...need this recipe)
seaweed salad
hijiki salad
shrimp cocktail (delicious smokey sauce)
terriyaki strip steak 
kobe prime rib
creamed spinach (the best I've ever had in my entire life!)
mashed potato and beef gravy
flan
bread pudding with peaches

Of all of the dishes that I sampled, none of them disappointed, rather some were better than others.笑
Came here with a couple of friends and I was able to use my vegas slot points for a buy one get one free ticket!  There's no line at the counter so it's not the most popular place to visit. My friend had been years before and wanted to try it again. We went around 11 so there was still tons of breakfast food out. When you go you better snatch up the smoked salmon right away because when it's gone it's gone... I didn't want to eat a lot of breakfast foods so I mostly went for the lunch items. 
They didn't have any red meat... Only ribs and chicken at the carving stations. I tried their saint Louis ribs and thought it was pretty dry and tart. Didn't care to go for seconds. The only seafood they had was shrimp cocktail embedded in a huge shelf of ice. The shrimp was actually plump and big. Taste and texture was not bad at all. Probably my favorite thing at the buffet. If you walk all the way towards the end there is a spicy tuna handroll bar. The spicy tuna is wayyy spicy. Spicier than any regular sushi places but I still was impressed there is some short of fresh fish. I also remember really like the sweet potato mash and their chow mein. 

As for dessert.. Nothing was really memorable.. Macaroons were too sweet... Creme brûlée was too mushy... Kind of like every other buffet place I've tried. I honestly think buffets are not for me. I don't eat nearly enough and I'm way happier with a good bowl of pho or some good sushi :).笑
This is a quality buffet.  Bellagio doesn't disappoint.  Everything about this buffet is above average, from service down to the food.  It's a bit pricier, but it's soo worth it.  Every time I go to Vegas, I come here for lunch.  I really get what I pay for and it's Delicious.  I hope you agree when you take a bite out of a juicy slice of steak or a warm baked cookie.  It's soo good...I wish I could fit more food in my stomach to try everything.笑
Unfortunately I'd already eaten twice in like 3 hours before I got here so I couldn't eat that much because I didn't want to go into a food coma and pass out all night. So sad...
The prime rib wasn't that good! Maybe it was just that batch, disappointing though. All of the fishes were okay. The mashed potatoes were SO good though. 
Mmm delicious. I think I like the Bellagio buffet better than the Wynn, but I can't remember so I guess I'll rate them both equal. Make sure you bring a small snack to eat while you wait in line if you're SUPER hungry. Or at least a drink to tide you over... The line is SUPER long! Good thing I got to skip it heh笑
Tasty.  High quality.  Great service.  Boo ya.

Don't miss out - even though I don't like crab which seems to be the reason most of my friends want to eat there I go anyways because of their RED MEAT.

Yup - beef, duck, veal, and my non red meats like chicken and pork are great there.  Usually you can get a prime rib or some other premium cut at the central station.  Look for the dude wearing the ridiculous chef whites (to cut meat?) and carrying the enormous knives.

Have to say the bread is better at the Wynn but who goes to a buffet for the bread.  Desserts are excellent too.  This is one of the top buffets in Vegas.笑
A bit too steep for a limited selection. We went on a Thursday night, given this isn't a crowded night we still expected a bit more. The selection was not very big at all, the quality was all great but I was still a bit disappointed. 

Pros:

Amazing desserts (the biggest variety in the buffet was with the desserts), friendly staff

Cons:

Expensive, limited selection.笑
I've been here twice, both for lunch at a good $20ish. Both times were enjoyable. 

Atmosphere: Pretty Spacious. From almost anywhere you sit you don't have to walk too far to the food, which is pretty cool. Only three bathrooms inside though - boo.

FOOD
Good Stuff:
-Rotisserie Chicken is moist
-Pizzas are yummy and had gourmet-like flavors (shrimp pesto!)
-Pastas were flavorful and fresh
-SPICY TUNA HANDROLL IS SPICY (Beware: Your mouth will catch fire)
-Turkey slider burgers. 
-Bread! All types of Bread!

More on the "meh" side:
-Roast Beef was dry
- Regular sushi rolls are just decent, seaweed salad is salty
-Desserts are average - there is nothing spectacular about them (although most of them are pretty)
-Service, as far as beverages and such, might take a while during busy hours

One last note: GO EARLY. If you want to eat at 5, go at 4. Line gets pretty busy. If you want to go for lunch try to go closer during opening time.

Overall: It's one of the better buffets in Vegas out there.笑
Spicy Tuna Hand Roll. bam.
Sea Bass. Bam.
Creme Brulee. BAM.

Best buffet I've tried in Vegas (I was able to hit up 3 others during the trip). Yup, we have us a winner, and I'd be back again and again. Everything else I had was good- not spectacular like the 3 items mentioned above but still very good. 
Service was also surprisingly good for a buffet. All of our drinks came out in a timely manner, and their Pear Martini is schoo nomz. 
Tip: If you have a large group (we had 25), swing by a few hours ahead of time and pre-pay so that you can skip the line when you're ready to eat. Otherwise, be prepared to wait- especially around dinner time. 

It's a shame though that I stuffed myself silly with food, martinis, and champagne...the proceeded to sit backwards in a limo where the driver didn't understand the concept of slowly accelerating and slowly braking, got carsick, and yacked everything up by the time I made it back to the hotel. Oh well. Viva Las Vegas!笑
I'm sorely disappointed. I mean, I've had my reservations about doing a buffet, but since this was on so many top ten lists we figured it was a good place to try as any. Boy, were we wrong. 

Where to begin. The selection wasn't a mind blowing array, mainly Chinese, Japanese, Italian and Mexican. The food itself was bland, forgettable and greasy. Sadly the best things there were the Chinese broccoli and sea bass, but even those were so heavily greased it was hard to put down. The crab legs were still frozen. The prime rib looked like a slab of fat. The desserts were deceivingly pretty, but it tasted weird. Nothing tasted good. And to add insult to injury, when we asked for coffee, we got instant! INSTANT COFFEE. AT THE BELLAGIO! W.T.F.

Don't waste your time. For $36.95pp, you're better off going to one of the restaurants instead.笑
For a formet buffet lover, I had to try this as it was being touted as one of the top ones in Vegas. I will preface with that Ive only been here for brunch.

The first time I ate here, I got sick afterwards. And my friend also got sick afterwards. 

The second time I ate here, it was because we were wandering around looking for food, and this was conveinent. I ate here the day after I had the Alladin brunch buffet. Again, nothing special. All the usual fair of buffets...

I didnt have to wait either time since I was there in January, not exactly the height of Vegas tourism.

Ive come to the conclusion I just dont really like buffets anymore. Just pay for a good meal, and you will leave so much more satisfied than gorging on a buffet trying to get your moneys worth.笑
Despite all of the empty tables seen in my picture, somehow this restaurant managed to drag 35 minutes out of of painfully slow waiting line. How? How is this possible? No apology at the end of the line, and when my colleague pointed out the empty tables inside, the attendant tried to remonstrate with him, rather than apologise profusely. Good beef and salad. The rest of the food was ok, but unfortunately the entire experience was ruined after 10 minutes in the unnecessary line, let alone 35.  They demonstrate no regard whatsoever for the time of their customers. Efficient management is required urgently here.笑
My son and daughter-in-law were so hyped about going to this buffet because of the seafood varieties, kobe beef, lamb, etc.  While there was a nice variety, I felt the quality was not up to par.  The crab legs were cold, too much rice on the sushi, shrimp tasteless, kobe beef was not as tender as expected.  The sea bass and lamb were exceptional.  Unfortunately, the worst part of this experience, were the people seated next to us with a screaming toddler and small child. The parents tried to placate them by letting them wander around and be very disruptive. This went on for 60 minutes, until we could not deal with it anymore.  This has got to be the worst dining experience trying to digest food with a screaming toddler next to you. Maybe the food would have tasted better with a better atmosphere.  Staff should have spoken to the family!!!笑
By far the best Buffet in town. Do yourself a favor...since you're already spending 30 bucks on this indulgence, go ahead and spring for the unlimited mimosas.

If you're an early riser, like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how quickly you get in and get seated. Roll up around noon and you'll be treated to lines that take longer to get through than the amount of time you actually slept last night.

It goes without saying that the food is high quality and there is plenty of it.笑
It is not bad, but it is not the best buffet in Vegas.

The problem is the dining area is crowded, messy and noisy. The price is higher than Le Village, and the food is less appealing.

We had to ask for the Kobe beef niplets, but they were not anything worth hiding.

Overrated, Overrated and finally Overrated笑
During my second trip to Vegas this past week, one of my first destinations was the Bellagio Buffet since I didn't have time to come here during my first trip (went to the Rio Village Seafood buffet instead).  I've heard great things about this buffet and even some felt that it was better than Rio, so I HAD to try it.  Long story short, its not all its cracked up to be in my opinion at least; in fact, I think its a bit overrated.

My wife and I arrived here about 8:30 pm and there was still a line to get in.  The wait was extremely long and many times the line wouldn't even move for 5 minutes or more.  The process of checking customers in was extremely inefficient and slow.  After standing in line for over a half hour we were FINALLY seated.  The price with tax was close to $70 for both of us.

After being seated were were greeted by a very helpful waiter who took our drink orders.  The table itself was nice, fitted with a nice white table cloth and our silverware was gold in color.  Overall the look of the restaurant was nice and much different from the buffets at the Luxor or Excalibur. 

However after getting food, I could not really tell any difference between the food here and at less expensive buffets such as Luxor; they tasted nearly exactly the same.  Also Bellagio served many of the same foods as Luxor and other than crab legs (which Luxor also had), and mussels, there wasn't really much in terms of seafood.  The California rolls were stale tasting and I could barely get them down.  The selection of the food was no where close to what was advertised on internet websites and I was a bit disappointed.  I am glad however that I decided to go to Rio instead of here on my first trip to Vegas last year.   This trip to Vegas was going to be an either/or between Bellagio and Rio, but after being disappointed with Bellagio, I decided to go BACK to Rio during my last night in Vegas.  Rio is more expensive than Bellagio, but the food is so much better and there is a greater variety.

While the waiter service was superb, to me the food just didn't measure up to the asking price.  As a result, this will mark my first and only visit to the Bellagio Buffet.   If you don't mind not being in an upscale environment and not having gold eating utensils,  you can get the same type of food at other buffets and not have to spend as much.

I still think the Rio Village seafood buffet is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, and despite all the raves about Bellagio, I don't think it even comes close to Rio.笑
Honestly overrated. It's not bad but it's not as spectacular as people make it out to be and definitely not $30 spectacular for champagne brunch. Sure they have huge cuts of prime rib and large Alexander tiger shrimps ... but that's about it. Go to Le Village Buffet and get a MUCH better deal!笑
Dessert was to die for! Chocolate eclaires & chocolate covered strawberries = heaven!!笑
We have eaten here many times over the years Never had a bad experience or bad food. This place is REMARKABLE! MEMORABLE! 
We loved the food selections. One time we had the breakfast or brunch I can't remember  but we remember the strawberries were huge and beautiful. Not like some places that put out small not ripe or bruised. These were so good! The juice selection was great they had just about every kind you can think of. Everything was so flavorful and good.
The dinner was really good as well. Endless crab legs... they were big and really sweet.  You could tell they were the best of the best! 
Bellagio does not skimp when it comes to decor or their buffet.
Just looking at some of the pictures others have posted makes me want to go back soon. Maybe even today! :) 
Seriously you have to try some of the cheaper buffets in town and you will see why you pay a little more here to really get some top notch food and the variety you will find something you will fall in love with!!!笑
I was slightly disappointed since a few people talked this place up to me. The meat cuts were very tasty (prime rib, yum) and I also loved the crab legs, but most of the other items didn't impress me. I thought the Spanish section was the best, but still it was just OK. This is the only buffet I've seen where they split the crab legs, and even though some people may prefer to crack it themselves, I liked that the meat was easily accessible. The desserts were quite good though, I especially enjoyed the panna cotta.笑
This one works out to a 2.5 actually, my husband giving it 3 and I a 2. The food was mediocre, selection limited and the desert seemed to cut corners (semi-sweet chocolate on strawberries?). My husband says the food was "A-ok," although he thinks (and I am inclined to agree) that may be because he eats meat and I do not. He reports that the glazed ham and prime rib were quite good. The ambiance, we both agree, was nice, but given the mixed performance on the food our experience did not live up to the Bellagio reputation - the reason we rounded down, not up, from the 2.5 median score.笑
Great selection of items. Loved the tuna poke and caviar bar. Large assortment of desserts. Upset that I couldn't eat more.笑
I've grazed buffets from Mandalay Bay to Fremont Street and Bellagio's offering is a good middle-of-the-road choice.

For best results, choose Bellagio for dinner, when Snow and King Crab legs steal the show...already cut in half lengthwise so their luscious meat is easy to enjoy.

One unique "feature" that makes Bellagio stand out is that they allow seating at their bar area. For $8, they'll serve you all of the selected adult beverages you'd like. And, since you're sitting at the bar, the service is quick!

Bellagio's sometimes creative takes on dishes can miss the mark. Pesto mashed potatoes may look good on paper, but I recommend passing. Sushi seemed a little meh. And some offerings sit in their dishes longer than they should.

On the other hand, Bellagio's carving station often features an exceptionally flavorful flank steak that I prefer over the standard prime rib.笑
This has got to be the best buffett in Vegas hands down!!

Great atmosphere and best selection and best tasting I have had around town buffets!!笑
We went on two different occasions. The dinner buffet was great!!! Did not wait too long.  But our seating was a disappointment. We were seated almost next to the main buffet room outside the iron rail next to the dinner plate table. Everyone walking past was glancing over to us to see what we are eating... kind of annoying.....The next time was for brunch. Didn't wait long. Seating great. Food on par with what a brunch should be....Good job on the brunch, A little bit pricey but as the old saying goes you get what you pay for....笑
Alright, I'm down a few bills at the tables... what's going to make me smile?  Yup... a gourmet buffet at the B!  We're hittin' it up at around 4:30, especially since it's a Saturday.  You sneak in between lunch and the dinner rush and you save yourself about an hour and a half.  

After plopping down the 40 or so clams at the register (don't you just love how plastic is accepted everywhere in Vegas nowadays?  Then again, the days of the $2.99 steak and eggs are winding down on the strip... so we're all going to need that card to save cash that will eventually go back to the house anyway), we head straight to the table.  "Iced tea, sir" I say to the drinks server and I split... leaving my comrades to fend for themselves amidst the carnage.  

I grab two plates for my initial run... the first one is always plated with a mid-rare cut of prime rib and extra horseradish, a cut of kobe beef and some veggies.  The second?  Yeah, I'm going for an entire pot of Alaskan King Crab!  I ain't even gotta peel it?  Drawn butter?  Game Over!  

Devouring the plates, I think I may have broken the record for the two minute crab scarf.  Nobody at the table says a damn thing during the first run.  Make a move for one my claws and you're pulling back a stump, buddy!

Round 2 - Hmmm, I can't let the food set... or else the eating crawls to a stop.  Take my customary two new plates and head over to the lamb rack.  Yeah, it's spiced up real well... poor poor baaaaaaaa.  As the rack gets chopped for my pleasure, I picture the demise of said lamb.  The shrieks are much like those coming from Tracy Chapman, as she sings "Fast Car."  I'm sorry, she sounds like a dying lamb... or is it a billy goat?  Anyway, I pile on some decent buffet sushi next to ol' lamb chop and head back to the Bering Strait for my second plate.  Yup, the fishermen from the "Deadliest Catch" are the reason I keep coming back to this buffet.  25 foot swells, lack of sleep and icy cold conditions make Alaskan King Crab fishing the world's most dangerous profession... and I'll eat their catch till they run out!  

3rd Quarter - ok, now everyone's starting to slow down... the previous grunts heard between chewing and breathing are now replaced by actual conversation.  Everyone's starting to think about dessert, but dammit I paid 40 bucks to eat here! That's like 3 hands of blackjack... or 3 cab rides... or 2 donations to the local women's Scholarship to Raise Intelligence, Prosperity and Purses (the Vegas chapter of S.T.R.I.P.P.) - I ain't done with you sea crawlers by a long shot!  I'm attracting so many crabs to my stomach that Pam Anderson would pass with a clean bill of health the next go-round at the doctor's office.

Final Lap - now it's time for sweets.  I have to limit myself, due to high blood sugar (like the entire meal has been strictly dietary, right?).  All of the cakes and pies have been individually plated, looking straight out of some food network show.  The cheesecake is just a notch below those found at the "Cheesecake Factory."  As for me, I always go for the bread pudding... it's simple, sweet and filling.  I don't know what I'm thinking though, cuz unlike Jell-O, there's never room for more bread after such a meal.  

Needless to say, I'm pretty much an extra for "Dawn of the Dead" during the next few hours... I can barely lay my chips down on the table!笑
5 stars for holiday dinner selection and quality,  2 stars for dessert

All of the attention these days seems to be on the newer buffets at Caesars, Aria and the Cosmo.  After a disappointing experience at the Cosmo, I was left wanting for more and decided to try an old classic.

The holiday dinner buffet at the Bellagio was an exceptional display of Vegas extravagance.  While not much to look at in terms of decor, the endless meat/seafood selections made up for the poor ambiance.  King crab, caviar, shrimp, seabass, ahi poke, mussels, quality sushi, smoked salmon, lamb, brisket, ribs, beef wellington, prime rib, kobe beef roast, game hens, flank steak, short ribs.  The prime rib and the ribs fell flat, but the rest was very tasty - especially the lamb.  I love that they have all of the necessary condiments: mustard, mint jelly, au jus, horseradish, etc...

I never eat pizza at a buffet - filler - but the pizza here is very good.  The truffle pizza and the beet/goat cheese were the best.  Some of the specialty salads here were good, but the other sides were just okay.  The big draws here are defiantly the carving stations and the seafood.

Where everything starts to fall apart, is with the dessert.  Ugh.  Really bad 90s era soft-serve and super sweet cakes/cookies.  I just can't give it the full five stars until they upgrade that section.笑
Die halbe Stunde Wartezeit hat sich gelohnt. Grosse Auswahl an Speisen sehr guter Qualität. Wer hier nichts findet, was ihm schmeckt, dem ist nicht zu helfen. 
Kinder zahlen leider ebenfalls den vollen Preis von fast 40 $
Wir haben den Fehler gemacht, gleich am Eingang viel Trinkgeld zu geben und nicht erst dem aufmerksamen Kellner am Tisch. das war nicht so clever...笑
I had the Bellagio dinner the first time I came to Vegas and this time I tried the breakfast.  I was a bit disappointed with the selection.  There were a few stations that had the same few things: eggs, sausages, and bacon.   They had quite a few breakfast pastries but it did not appeal to me since I don't like muffins etc.  There was pizza available.  I was hoping for a few more non-breakfast items that I would like.  Service was average as compared to the service we received at the Aria dinner buffet.笑
101 Tastiest Places to Chowdown in USA   
Countdown Number: 75
Famous for variety of cuisines with 200+ food items.

Vegas is known for the buffets and Bellagio's buffet is not one to miss. With live-action cooking stations and wide selection of cuisines from Italian, Japanese, Chinese and American, it's sure to satisfy anyone's appetite. 

Fresh and delicious! Thumbs up!笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio is fabulous. This past weekend we ate lunch at the buffet twice and were overwhelmed with both our choices of food and the excellence of its preparation.

For years, I had my own cafe and bakery and I love good food ,and I can honestly say this was a total treat - at a wonderfully reasonable price.
The seafood was abundant - both cooked and raw. A wonderful sushi bar. An entire area devoted to wonderful european style thin crust pizzas - seven or eight kinds, and other Italian delicacies. There was a station of delicious innovative salads and an area of warm meats - loin of pork done on a rotisserie in the background, prime rib slices, chicken wellington and on and on.

The selections were terrific either for vegetarian or meat eaters. A relaxed environment with no rushing and adequate table service for drinks by very friendly waitstaff. Definitely a bargain in the Bellagio , as one sandwich hovers individually around ten dollars in the other cafes. Everything was delicious.笑
This place is gross, disgusting, dirty, and a complete rip off. The serving counters are filthy and so close together that you're  rubbing derrière with total strangers. I will NEVER eat at this overpriced dump again. They don't even serve real ice cream here! Go to Aria buffet it's clean and deeeeeelicious!!!笑
I firmly believe that this buffet is one of the best in Vegas.I rank it highly because of the food quality to price ratio. I've been to almost all the Vegas buffets and this buffet has one of the best seafood selections. There are KING CRAB legs. That in itself makes the buffet worth it to me. King crab is about $30 dollar a pound so just keep that in mind. Most buffets serve snow crab which is NOT nearly as expensive. There is also salmon/tuna poke and salmon nigiri!

The dessert selection is great too! So many different things to try and they're all adorably plated too. If you've already gone to Carnival at Rio, Wicked Spoon, and Bacchanal, I highly recommend this place! 

Many people complain about the long wait times, but EVERY buffet in Vegas is going to have a similar 2-3 hour wait time, so I completely disregarded that in my review because I find it to be irrelevant. My review is solely based on food quality and price. However,  I do recommend coming around 4:30 to get in line because it can get pretty bad at 6pm.

Note: Different items are served during the holidays. Holiday pricing is also higher without much change in quality. I've tried both, but I prefer the regular one!笑
My favorite buffets in Vegas are Wynn & Bellagio.
While the Wynn is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous inside...I feel like the Bellagio has an edge food wise.

This past visit I wasn't exactly 100% satisfied.
We waited 1.5 hours in line (Yes..I was dying of starvation halfway through).

Helpful Hints:
 - Dinner is pricey at $36.99 for weekends. Do what I do and come right before 4pm (which is when lunch ends) and pay lunch prices. 
Cheap I know..but I'm Asian.
- Crab legs here are CRAZY salty.
- One of my fav. was was the salmon & ahi poke. SUPERRR spicy but I kept going back for more.

This place is consistently solid and you won't be disappointed (unless you waited over 1 hr in line...then you'll just be mad).
Not exactly worth the $40 dinner price..but if you can get in for cheaper than go for it!笑
We did brunch buffet here and it was truly delicious. So much variety. I most enjoyed the prime rib, chow mein, and carrot cake. Worth the money.笑
One of the best buffet I've ever had. I've tried Palm, Rio, Paris, and by far Bellagio buffet is the best. We went in 15 minutes before dinner and paid for brunch price. We had our fill of both brunch and dinner selections.
The foods are exquisite. From rack of lamb, to beef tartar (raw beef), kobe beef, and the dessert.笑
Oh Bellagio what has become of the once great buffet in your heyday? I miss you,  so very much. I bragged about you for years to my man only to be sorely disappointed when we finally made it. I had the cocktail shrimp that had some nasty mush consistency that were almost as water logged as Atlantis. It was obviously due to the presentation in melted crushed ice but why sacrifice the shrimp? Why? Don't even get me started on the mini dry burgers, pathetic sushi or "pizza"ish. The lamb was ok or maybe I just was beaten down by my previous mentioned choices. The antipasto bar with olive bread & brie while good just wasn't enough to sustain me for the cost. Very disappointed & won't be back. Can you say Hello Wicked Spoon? I can & wasn't disappointed or sorry for visiting you my new friend. Good bye Bellagio Buffet you'll always be my first buffet love.笑
Amazing food, the prime rib is chef quality. Really good food for the price! The best buffet by far in las vegas笑
Still in a food coma from eating so much. Delicious and well-cooked main dishes and their side dishes were amazing as well.

Beef & Foie Gras Wellingtons -- I always wanted to try wellingtons after seeing much of it's appearance on Hell's Kitchen. I love the beef inside, it was tender and flavorful. Foie Gras just tasted mealy and rough to me, but maybe I'm just not a fan of duck liver -- the thought just does not sit well in my stomach. Paired with a little bit of cranberry sauce, I thought the Wellingtons were good.

Prime Ribs -- juicy and tender. I got seconds and thirds.

Sea Bass -- probably the best dish there. The fish is perfectly cooked and not dry. Melts in your mouth.

Crab Legs -- a little frozen, but fresh, just give it some thaw time on your plate.

Cocktail Shrimps -- big and fresh. 

Desserts -- selection was amazing. Love the coconut macrons and the strawberry fruit tart the best. I had a bite of everything and finished off the ones I liked the best. 

Goose and Duck -- delicious!

Nigiri and Sashimi -- wow! I was amazed at how fresh the fish was for a buffet.

and many many more dishes......

Our wait was 45 to 50 minutes from the time we got in line until we were seated. Long wait, but it was expected.

The extra $5-$6 for their unlimited champagne is worth a try. The champagne itself was a little too sweet for us, but we had fun making mimosas out of them.笑
yuck don't go here. The lamb chops and beef wellington were both COLD. The pizza dried-out husk. The pasta like overcooked mush. And there was an obese topless guy who nobody told "put back on your shirt". 

Very disappointing considering how much it cost ($45) and yet it tasted No better than Harrahs or Flamingo buffets at $30. I think Bellagio's chefs left their standards drop.笑
Still just as good as ever. I know the Bellagio vs Wynn debate will never be answered. But this past weekend, we tried Bellagio for lunch and it was amazing. THe highlight of everything? Strawberries. The freshest I had ever seen. Plump, large, ripe, fresh, and so red they looked almost black! Too bad it was not on a sunday, otherwise again I would have loaded up on the champagne for my campaign!笑
Service on point! Came here for the first time thinking food was going to be good... not good. Don't eat the sushi.. the fish is very mushy and slimy. BBQ chicken was super dry. Not much of a selection but it will do when you're hungry I guess. Dessert was the best part.笑
Great selection. Everything was fresh. They accommodated our large group (about 25 people) pretty well.笑
Fiance and I really enjoyed it. Our Waitress was excellent. Staff was extremely friendly. Amazing selection of high quality prepared foods. Something for everyone. 

Go early; that's our 2 Cents - Things tend to get a bit busy. We did the Sunday Brunch; as we headed out - around 10:45 or so; we noticed the lines were growing pretty long. 

I should add, I won $40.00 on the slot machine outside the Buffet; that was a bonus treat.

Gosh - I really enjoyed the Lavender Watermelon - was so darn refreshing. 

Fruits were terrific!笑
I am giving the Buffet service one star only because I cannot give negative stars. The buffet quality of food is wonderful.  Sadly though the service was horrible. It took over 20 minutes before the server came over to take our beverage order. I attempted to purchase the unlimited drink option and was told that the bar was busy. Really I thought the bellagio would want me to purchase the option since it is all over the website. Sadly this server has left a very bad taste in my mouth after having such great food.笑
Was not the cleanest place in Vegas for sure , half of the stations were closed and  all the food looks like over cooked.Not much variety. Not the quality I remembered from past times. What happened here don't know. Hope is just this weekend.
But we left not eating there笑
We went out to Vegas for the holidays -we planned on going since lots of people we know were saying a must stop.

3 hour wait 
Food was decent nothing special 
crab legs were frozen still have ice on them
sushi was not good dry and fishy tasting 
prime rib was good - a bit bloody/ under cooked 

Here is the kicker for me - I was charged 3 times for the same visit now yes the one payment went thru and the other 2 are pending but it's holding up my funds- 

I wouldnt go back - OVER Rated in my opinion.笑
Went here for the first time. They had Gourmet Dinner for 49.99. Was very disappointed.  No flavor on the food. So ended up skipping food and went to deserts. Saw they had my favorite desert "napoleon ", not great either. They are better in bakery next to my house. 

The only thing I liked was a strawberry shortcake cup desert. That was good. But it's not worth 49.99.  

Been twice to Wicked Spoon (wich I GREAt), but was told this one was really good too, was not the case. Will not go here again. Will stick to what I already know is great.笑
Sad to say about Bellagio buffet but here goes. Went Thursday night with kids. Buffet was not a same as say five to ten years ago.  This restaurant has been going south for few years. Few years ago they used Wagu beef for Prime Rib   but today using much lower grade beef. As to the crab legs serving snow crab not king crab. I could keep going but you get the idea. Sushi section was terrible.  Using cheap rice and not properly seasoned and paper thin slice if tuna and salmon.笑
I like it here, I come here for brunch a lot not a dinner buffet kind of person. I can just sit there for the coffee, their coffee is amazing. a lot varieties, I like the omelet bar. I always stay at Bellagio with my friend so we go there every morning whenever we stay there.笑
I've been to the Bellagio buffet a couple of times. It was my favorite...until the Wynn buffet opened. There was sooooooooo much food and it was all good! I LOVE buffets and I ate a ton of food. Whatever I wanted, they had.

I plan to return to the Bellagio buffet someday. I'll update my review afterward. (Overall grade: A) 

BEST buffets:  (1) Wynn, and (2) Bellagio笑
Having dined at many other Vegas buffets (the Wynn, the Paris, the Mirage, etc.) I found myself very underwhelmed. Everyone raves about the Bellagio buffet but I just kept wishing I had gone to the Wynn.
The decor is decent and the quality of the food is good, but there wasn't much of an assortment. I went for 4th of July brunch at around 11:30am and the sushi bar wasn't open, there was not a single pasta dish, the slice of meat I got was fatty and veiny, and our drinks took 20+ minutes to arrive.
I will say that the fruit was fresh and yummy (melon, berries, etc.) and the desserts were good, but it wasn't enough to make me want to come back here ever again.笑
Everything we had here was delicious. Fresh ingredients and good chefs resulted in an amazing dining experience. The sushi was really good. Ok, there was not a lot of choice in sushi, but after I finished my first plate of sushi I still wanted one more of the same. The meat dishes were very tasteful as well. The pig was baked as a whole and pulled freshly, the lamb was very tender and tasteful and the wagyu beef is worth trying! 

And then the desserts... Wow! 
WARNING: don't eat too much mains and keep enough space to start on desserts, because they're amazing. Again, the one is even better than the other. We found this definitely worth spending 41 dollars per person!笑
Regarding to a breakfast, Bellagio is the best one, however if a dinner, I recommend Caesar Palace. BUT, the DESERT here is the best!!!!!!笑
As far as buffets it is the best I've been too for the price.  Great selection! The quality isn't what it used to be but understandably so with the costs to do business increasing the past year!  We go every visit to Vegas!!笑
I wish I could say that i "enjoyed" a Sunday brunch buffet at the Bellagio, but am forced to say that the experience was far from it. 

Let me start out by saying that I am giving this place two stars because I was able to eat crab legs for the lunch price (i think we came during the food rotations). The brunch foods, such as pancakes, waffles, honey-glazed bacon, and other items were dissapointing. It seriously just fills you up..nothing more. We were fortunate enough to eat the crab legs..but unlike what all the previous reviews stated, I thought these crab legs were HORRID. They were terribly salty..either someone in the kitchen spilled a jar of salt in the water or an overworked employee was sweating all over this mess. By far the worst king crab legs I have ever eaten..which is quite enough for me to never venture inside of this buffet again. I'd rather go to the Wynn or Rio.笑
One of my favorite buffets on the strip! It's definitely up there with Bacchanal at Caesars.

Being honest, I'm no buffet connoisseur. I'm actually pretty easy to please at buffets as I go straight for the crab legs and fill up on delicious seafood meat. Bellagio Buffet does have a lot to offer, however, and is an excellent overall buffet dining choice.

It's quite popular so there's usually a wait if you go for dinner during the weekend or even weekdays. I imagine the wait can be 30+ minutes during prime dinner time. Buffet size is huge with more than enough seating and there's a nice layout of a variety of hot and cold food stations.

Everything you typically imagine at a buffet is available. Italian, American, Asian, Seafood - you name it! Pastas, salads, chicken, steak, prime rib, veggies, steamed clams, mussels, sushi, soup,  BBQ ribs, pizza, sausage... (just to name the most random dishes I could recall at the top of my head) Even the pickiest of eaters could find and fill up on something they enjoy. The difference at this buffet compared to others would honestly be the quality of the food and the taste. The food items never seem to run low either which is always important. Myself, I am the biggest fan of their crab legs and seafood!

- Snow Crab Legs for dinner (cut in halves)
- King Crab Legs available doing their weekend Gourmet dinner (my fav)
- Stone Crab Legs (pre-cracked) 
- Shrimp cocktail for days (yum!)

They also have a station I favor with sushi rolls, nigiri, and poke. I absolutely love their salmon and tuna poke - the marinade is flavorful and the fish is extremely fresh! A must try for sushi lovers!! They also have a sever working behind the sushi bar who whips up made to order hand rolls and steak tartare delights. Definitely take advantage and indulge in the steak tartare... So. Good.

What I also appreciate at this buffet is their service. They never seem short staffed and their servers are all very friendly and accommodating. The last time I visited, a server even pulled up an extra chair to place my purse on. It really wasn't necessary but a very nice gesture!

Pricing:
- Breakfast (Mon - Fri, 7A - 11A): $23.99
- Lunch (Mon - Fri, 11A - 3P): $27.99 
- Weekend Brunch (Sat & Sun 7A - 3P): $32.99 and $45 or so if you want bottomless champagne 
- Dinner (Mon - Thurs, 3P - Close): $38.99
- Gourmet Dinner (Fri - Sun, 3P - Close): $42.99
- Bottomless Alcoholic Drinks: $14.99 - Their red sangria tastes like juice and is VERY strong 

I'm a fan of this buffet because of the quality of food, level of service, and lovely overall ambiance. I would recommend Bellagio Buffet to both locals and tourists for a delicious buffet that won't disappoint!笑
Arrived around 10am for breakfast, no line, seated quickly. Price was $39.99 for "holiday" pricing. Bit of a price gouge, but whatever.

Nice selection. Turkey, prime rib, crab legs, omelet stations, desserts. Normal higher end Vegas Strip buffet.

I took a star off because the sushi I got was literally frozen and hurt my teeth when I bit into it, and there wasn't alot of meat on the crab legs.

Overall, not bad.笑
Hit the Saturday Champagne Brunch this past weekend, with my GF, sister, mom & step dad. Being from the midwest, I was brought up on Brunches. There is an entire system on how, what, and when to eat, as well as how to pace yourself. Definitely a once or twice a year thing unless you want to out weigh the family sedan. I had been to Vegas 10 years ago and was not able to try any of the buffets so hitting one was a must this go around. I did some research and found out that Bally's and Bellagio had the best. I was leaving Saturday night and Bally's only has there "Silver Brunch" on Sunday. The Bellagio's Champagne Brunch is Saturday and Sunday, so choice made. The selection is really good, first buffet where I have seen leg of lamb and hand cut slab bacon, both were must try items. I liked the mini Belgian waffles, allowed you to try them without filling up on them. I ordered a Bloody Mary also, and found it very different, had, what I estimate, to be a chipotle type pepper in it due to the fact that I detected a pleasant smokey flavor on top of the spiciness. Not like any Bloody Mary I have had before. They do lose 1 star, however, due to the fact that I was eagerly anticipating the noon start time for the "sushi bar" to begin (we started eating at about 11). Alas, I waited for naught. It wasn't really a sushi bar. They had California Roll, Vegetable Roll, and Spring Rolls. Though many eat this and call it sushi, it is not. There is no raw fish in these rolls at all. The Cali roll has cooked crab and spring rolls have cooked shrimp no raw fish anywhere, therefore not sushi. I was really looking forward to a skilled sushi chef preparing unagi, uni, yellowtail, spicy tuna, mackerel, etc 
Despite that I would go back if I was in Vegas again, I just wouldn't get excited about the nonexistent sushi bar.笑
Over-rated in a town where you can get better buffet food at a much lower cost. Long lines are not worth the wait. Look elsewhere笑
My girlfriend and I visited this place a couple of days ago. Overall, a good lunch, but "good" is not what I expected from the Bellagio. In fact, I preferred the desserts more than any of the other dishes. 

The sliders didn't have much flavor, and the buns were too dry. The turkey, too, was dry, and I thought the lamb tasted a little gamey. The mashed sweet potatoes were way too sweetened with (I think) cinnamon and maple. It took 5 minutes before we got our first drink, and we had to flag down the server to get a refill. 

Again, I would have to say this was a decent experience overall, but the various little problems still left me feeling disappointed. Yes, it was lunch on a Thursday, but shouldn't a place like the Bellagio be on top of its game everyday?笑
I have eaten at the Bellagio buffet about 7 times over the past 5 years and have usually enjoyed the food and service. I normally would have given the buffet 4-stars (easily), but my last two visits (one today and once this past April) have changed my mind and rating. The service has slowly degraded to the point that the staff seems rushed/impatient, while the tables aren't very clean. As far as food goes the variety is still there, but it tends to be drier, flavorless, and lifeless. When I return again in a few weeks I'll be looking for another place to eat.笑
We ate on Saturday night and paid $38/person.  We waited about 45 min in the non-VIP line. For the quality of food, I thought it was expensive.  The food was OK.  However, the dessert was very good.  

Oh, and while you're waiting in line, you get to numb your nostrils with smell of cigarettes.  But I suppose it's that way at all the places where you wait in line by the casinos.笑
Simply. Amazing.

We went an hour before dinner started, paid the $25 lunch price and sat for three hours so we managed to eat lunch AND dinner for the price of lunch. If you the same kind of endurance like I do, go for it!

Expect to wait in line for about 30 to 45 minutes but it's so worth it. You also have the option of all you drink champagne for an additional $5. But once you're seated thay usually keep the drinks like juice, soda and water coming and they're included in the price you pay up front.


The food.  The glorious glorious food is basically a myriad of carbohydrates and starch and protein matching in complexity the taste of just about every carnal adventures you've experienced in your mouth. Hands down nothing beats the Bellagio in quality except maybe the Wynn. Between the Wynn and Bellagio are a close give and take in competition. 

My obsessions at the buffet: the FAT chocolate covered strawberries, sweet potato mashed potatoes, mussels, pesto shrimp pizza, ALL the desserts, beef wellington.

Check out the cool chocolate sculptures by the dessert bar. I also want to. Mention the awesome customer service both at the table and buffet. Everyone was very friendly and charming. 

Go really hungover and hungry after a night of debauchery to fulfill the gluttony and sloth part of your Vegas trip.笑
4 stars

I am STILL full as I type this but DAMN was it worth it! I'm  usually not one for Buffets(probably because the handful of buffets I've been to out here have ranged from mediocre (The Orleans) to the vomit inducing (Treasure Island)), but a friend visiting from out of town really wanted to go , so off we go. 

We waited in line for 45 minutes, which was a bit suprising for a Tuesday night, but the line moved relatively well, so it was okay. At 29.99 a person, the price was right around what I was expecting.

The highlight for me was the Kobe Beef! Woof! Sooooooo freaking good! The prime rib and roasted turkey were also set up at carving stations and very good as well. Crab legs and shrimp were also tasty, hell even the pizza had a lot of flavor to it! Sushi was solid. Manacotti was great also! They had a huge soup/ salad station as well. Why anyone would pay 30 bones to fill up on soup and salad is a concept I simply can't wrap my haad around. But whatever..

The desert station had a ton of variety and I grabbed a sampling of each item! Unfortunatley I didnt have too much room left at this point...maybe more another time..

Again, for a Tuesday night this place was bustling! I mean freaking slammed! Kids running up and down aisles and past tables, confused little 4 foot, blue haired ladies traipsing about with plates stacked almost a foot high....I swear there was this one asian guy that had a mess of crumbs all over his face around his mouth piling up his plate at the line..lol..it was the funniest thing I've seen all day! It wasn't just a crumb or two, it was like he dropped his chin onto his plate and just shoveled the food in and just forgot to wipe before going back for more!

All in all, it was very good, but I just can't bring myself to give it that 5th star. I wouldn't be opposed to coming back though and filling up on that Kobe Beef!笑
This is always one of the highlights of any trip we make to Vegas.  Have tried it for both lunch and dinner.  Both were oustanding.  Lunch is a better value, but no crab legs until dinner time.  

Sometimes the line can be very, very long, but it's soooo worth the wait.  All the staff are smiling, friendly, and eager to serve you.  Excellent selection, and exquisit desserts.  

If I had any complaint at all it would only be that the prime rib at the carving station has always been under-cooked for my taste.  It's served very rare, and I prefer it medium but it doesn't seem to be available that way.笑
Surtido espectacular. Esto sí es un buffet. Vale la pena el precio. Caro, pero todo en esta parte de la ciudad es así.
Como siempre, lo que no me gusta son los platillos "mexicanos", a pesar de tener (estoy seguro), algunos paisanos metidos en cocina.笑
This review isn't about the food. It's about the SMELLY CARPET AND DISGUSTING BATHROOM. EW. Appetite ruined. Carpet smells like a camel slept on it, peed on it, and nursed all its children on it. SO NASTY.笑
While nothing was particularly wretched, nothing was that amazing. While I do not expect everything at a buffet to be good, I just was not as impressed as I was at the Wynn. For some reason, I was irritated that the Bellagio had worse quality cloth napkins than all the other Vegas buffets, I just expect better at such a big-name institution. The pesto mashed potatoes were tasty, but it's hard to mess up pesto or mashed potatoes, and the desserts were yummy and aptly portioned. Bellagio offers more high-end items, but they are not particularly flavorful. Bellagio dinner is cheaper than the Wynn, and it shows that you get what you pay for.笑
Don't waste your time or money here.  $45 is way to much for the flavorless, bland, squish (no texture).  To add insult to injury, you have to pay $7 to park and wait in a very long line.笑
Came here for the dinner buffet, and the lines to pay for the buffet was pretty long, but it wasn't too bad.  For around $35 per person, it was an okay buffet. 

I got a bit of everything and everything was okay. The steak is usually thinly sliced, but I'm guessing the guy who has to cut it got tired of it and started cutting thick chunks for people when they started asking for 2 slices of it at a time, haha I didn't finish the steak and went for a bit of everything to try it.  My favorite would be the crab. Gotta get messy for the good stuff. I also recall liking some of the pasta too. The desserts were just meh. They look good, but don't let their appearance fool you, because I took a bite of everything and it was either just BLEH, or I spat it back out. haha. The only good dessert was the creme brule, Ate a few of those and snuck a few with me on my way out :P

Overall a decent buffet, but I hear there are far better ones in Vegas.笑
As a buffet newbie, I can't parse the differences among all the Strip offerings, so keep that in mind. 

We went for breakfast. No line at 9 am. Attentive but not annoying service. The food was surprisingly good: high-quality, not overcooked, and varied. An unexpected thumbs-up for the caramelized apples (to add to your oatmeal), the cheese blintzes (top with the blueberry sauce), the African bluenose, and the beef tenderloin.笑
To be honest, it fell a little short of my expectations. I was drooling from yelp photos, but when I was actually there, the selection wasn't as good as I thought. For example, I saw racks of baby lamb from yelp photos, but didn't see any there. However, I do understand that many buffets on the strip have been downgraded in recent times.

Still, I must say that the quality of the food is definitely above all the other buffets I've tried when I was in Vegas. Most notably, the seafood at the Bellagio was much fresher than that of other buffets.

Sure, this was a pricey buffet (about $30 per person for dinner), but comparing to other buffets on the strip (ie Paris, which has received lots of praises), it really isn't a lot more expensive, and the quality is much better.笑
Checked this place out on a Sunday afternoon.

Be prepared for a super, super long line - I think we waited for a whole hour as our stomachs growled.  On the bright side, I was surrounded by slot machines which gave me something to do.  On the down side again....I was robbed of $15 to the slot machines.

After an eternal hungry long hour, we finally made it to the cashier line.  $25ish bucks for Sunday brunch and unlimited champagne is an additional $5.  I opted for the champagne as drinking mimosas while stuffing ones face sounded like a pretty good plan.  

We were quite relieved to finally get inside and be seated.  From a visual standpoint, I somewhat expected a fancier buffet being that it was the Bellagio, but everything was pretty standard.  I cruised through - checking to see what goodies were up for grabs.  

I saw:  prime rib, pizza, pasta, cocktail shrimp, around 4 selections of sushi, different variety of potatoes,  fish (no idea what kind since I don't fancy fish), spring rolls, miso soup, ham, turkey, Belgium waffles, scrambled eggs, cereal, oatmeal, etc.  Desserts included chocolate eclairs, flan, cheesecake, tarts, cookies, etc.    Overall the food quality was good+.  However; I had a hard time finding stuff that I actually wanted to eat.

The sushi selection was really boring and quality was OK.  If you're a sushi lover, you'll probably be disappointed with their brunch selection.  

We got in around 2 and ended up still being there by the time dinner rolled around (4pm).  Since we were too full, we couldn't take advantage of the dinner items.  It's probably a good strategy to come in late to pay the lunch rate to get the dinner selection.

Overall, this place was OK.  While the quality was good+, I couldn't find foods that just wooed me.  I had to circle the buffet several times in order to fill my empty plate.笑
Great buffet. I think I gained 5 lbs before the check came. I just changed my mind and took away a star cuz I remember the steak or whatever meat they were serving was not that good.笑
This buffet was super limited and didn't have many good options. I would not come here again considering all the buffet options Vegas has to offer. My logic was since the Bellagio is one of the higher-end hotels, it would be a good choice. If you are staying close to this buffet, it might be almost worth it.笑
Really good food for a reasonable price !!!!

Cons : long long long line to wait.......specially on Sundays brunch

Dont forget to try the french toast sandwich with hazelnut and bananas!!!!! delicious!!!!笑
Let me just say that I would give this a 3.5 Stars because I have to give extra love for our wonderful server Regina. But service aside, the food here didn't blow my mind. I think it's one of the better Vegas hotel buffets but the selection overall could improve. We came at 2:30pm and had the lunch buffet which extended over to the dinner buffet at 3pm. From lunch to dinner, there wasn't that big of a difference except they did bring out the snow crab legs and crawfish and took away the breakfast items. Also the meats changed and they took away the BBQ ribs and came out with the prime rib. 

The sushi at any buffet was just below average but I did like the poke especially the salmon poke with the spicy mayo sauce on the side (dinner item?). Meats were good and I especially loved the BBQ ribs from lunch. I'm not really into snow crab but other tables had plates full of them (you know they're getting their money's worth!). 

Desserts had an okay selection and the standout favorites of mine were the mango panna cotta and the cheesecake. The tiramisu panna cotta was also good. They have a soft serve ice cream machine but I barely touched it since it melted right away in my bowl. I liked that they have a variety of soups and miso soup was a nice way to end my meal. 

If you play MyVegas, you can save up enough loyalty points to redeem for a free weekday lunch buffet meal at Bellagio or even do a BOGO if you can't get enough. Quite an amazing deal. I certainly ate my money's worth which happened to be for the price of air.笑
Review is for Sunday Brunch.

Wait in line: approx 1 hour, when we arrived at 1130am. We started about 40 feet behind the restrooms. The line was moving much faster in the casino portion, but started moving VERY slow once we approached the register, probably because less people were getting impatient and leaving - and the VIP people started to come because it was lunch time.

Once seated---

Ambiance: cafeteria style. A bit crowded, lots of families, and sometimes need to weave in and out of people to gt to the food (esp. the prime rib).

Drinks: Extra $6 for the champagne part of the brunch is a good deal, although th champagne is fairly low quality and my husband felt pretty ill afterwards.

Service: nice, pleasant, quick, and didn't feel rushed to leave.

Food: There's a lot, so I'll have to break this up. I'll first list what there is, then my personal comments at the bottom.

Salad bar: small make it yourself salad bar with toppings, spinach, etc. Obviously no line here!

Brunch: hazelnut french toast, regular french toast (just OK), buttermilk pancakes, omelette station, and the usual cream of wheat, oatmeal (mushy), cereal & granola, muesli (premade small bowls), blintzes, sausage, scrambled eggs, bacon, cottage cheese, plain yogurt, melon and strawberries, and toppings of sliced almonds, brown sugar, cinnamon, thompson and golden raisins. Some breakfast baked goods in the dessert area: bran muffins, blueberry muffins, danishes, croissants...
Altogether: OK

Lunch:
Prime rib: hit or miss. The first one was magniticent, juicy and medium rare. The subsequent slices looked like roast beef. Tough and chewy. Weird. Pesto mashed potatoes, creamed sweet potatoes, were just OK.

Seafood: lots of seafood based salads. No king crab legs at brunch. boo!!

Asian: handrolls of vegetarian sushi, California rolls, tuna rolls, plus wakame salad, cucumber salad, noodles. Also gai lan, fried rice, noodles, steamed rice... Overall, OK. Not memorable.

Italian: vegetarian tomato-based penne (bleh), 6 different pizzas, -- not bad. Tasted fresh.

Salads: golden cous cous salad and Caesar. Slim pickings. Also a deli sliced cheese bar that I think was supposed to be a charcuterie. 

Dessert!!
Frozen sorbet and ice cream soft serve, bread pudding, coffee tiramisu, chocolate vanilla bomb, chocolate eclair, chocolate fudge brownie (a brick), caramel flan.

OK, MY Comments:

Unique:
1. Vegan: there's actually sorbet and some other offerings, since it's brunch, but pickings are slim. You're better off at Red Velvet Cafe that touts vegan organic healthy food and not going to a buffet.
2. Vegetarian: lots and lots, if you're ovo lacto. Especially since it's brunch.
3. Notable unique items: self serve sorbet, sugar free desserts (blueberry muffin, cheesecake, apple tart -- although they all tasted a little like chalk)

Get:
Vegetarian pizza
Prime rib - maybe
Cheesecake
Bread pudding (my weakness, personally)
OJ (fresh squeezed! hah)
Soft serve ice cream
Cheese blintz

Pass:
Sushi - boring
Mashed potatoes
Most of the American food
Salad bar to conserve stomach area
Charcuterie - mostly pre-packaged food
Sugar free desserts
Pastas
Chocolate fudge brownie (literally as dense as a brick)
Carrot cake - dry
French toast and pancakes - lacking flavor

Overall: not worth the wait, but amongst the better buffets nonetheless. Would still go to the Wicked Spoon esp since there usually isn't a wait there.笑
Yup $35 dollars will get you into this fabulous buffet! Woooweee nothing really stood out to me here to be honest. I almost felt like it was fufu food. Super fancy food, with no taste to it. Now, The desert were amazing!! the ambiance was pretty nice. I almost feel like I need to give it one more try.笑
Why did I give this place 4 stars? Well their selection of fruits and dessert alone deserves just that... but the endless crab legs. Yummie.. I just went again for the 20th time probably last week and still don't seem to get sick of it.  We've learned a way of eating for cheaper.. So don't pay the $30 fee for dinner. Go stand in line around 3:00pm, pay $15-20 for lunch then stay while they change to dinner.  Not only do you get the freshest batch the comes out.. you get dinner for the price of lunch.. I love to eat and this is definitely best bang for your bucks.. Koodles to them for taking out the smoking room.. woooo hoooo笑
generally when i think of buffets, i think quantity over quality.  the exception has arrived. this buffet has amazing food, and the price is usually right at $20 (i went during 4th of july weekend, $40!)  

the sushi was fresh, and the rest of the food was generally pretty tasty, especially the pizza.  the king crab legs are split in half already for no crack action, and the desserts decadent. try the creme brulee!

come early, when we were on are way out we saw a line around the wall past the bathrooms.. for a $40 buffet!

next time you go to vegas, come here (at least once). you will thank me, seriously.笑
I hate buffets. I almost never I try a buffet that is even remotely passable in terms of quality, taste and preparation. The Buffet at the Bellagio is one of those exceptions; in fact it by far surpasses any buffet I have ever found. 

Here you will find a huge selection of food, anything from beef, pork, lamb, seafood and even vegetarian. Everything I sampled would rival entrees from most any sit down restaurant you will find. For me the highlight was the Alaskan King Crab legs, they were perfectly cooked, large, meaty and pre-split. It's rare that I find crab of this quality. I find the prime rib equally prepared, cooked to a perfectly medium rare. The various pork and chicken dishes were excellent. Of the vegetable sides I sampled the mashed potatoes (real potatoes), green beans, corn, salad, etc., all were delicious. Of the few breads I sampled were also very good. In short this was a buffet that really was one of the best meals I had had in quite a while, I left satisfied and overstuffed. 

Now the bad, at just under $40 it's quite expensive. It's also a good idea to try and arrive just about opening, the lines can get quite long. Given the quality and variety of food it really isn't a bad deal in my view. Just make sure you're hungry when you go. For a buffet The Buffet it's as good as it gets.笑
A requisite Vegas buffet experience, IMO, second on my Vegas "faves" list to Le Village @ Paris [http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:W7aoVNIZ1KeVYlTDfAqNrQ].

As part of an annual summer Vegas trip, the dinner Buffet @ Bellagio has become a staple in our "Day 2" itinerary; smartly scheduled in anticipation that our collective hangovers from the first evening has not been appetite-debilitating.

Buffets are a quandary for me.  Stocky and brutish as I may appear, I was actually much much heftier before, and being mindful of my weight and diet is usually counter-intuitive to all things "all you can eat".  Even so, with some will power and a discipline to try just the more uncommon dishes, little delectable tastes of lots of extravagant foods can be enjoyed WITHOUT getting stuffed...

... after all, its hard to maintain what little bit of cute I've got going on, and this is Vegas, the cute has to always be on...
_________________________
Oh, Vegas.  There are super-secksified people even in these gluttony-inducing troves of culinary delight...笑
My mom and I had just finished watching the fountain water show and then headed inside the casino/hotel for our buffet dinner. The line to wait was around the corner. We waited over an hour.  I had my mom sit down at one of the slot machines until it was our turn to finally eat. Once we got to our table we were pretty much on our own. I think I saw the sever for our table twice and all we needed were refills on drinks.

Luckily, the restaurant did a great job replacing food because we didn't have to wait. There were sooo many food options that my game plan for most buffets is to take very small portions of everything and then go back for the items I actually like. The seafood section
 was the most crowdest and luckily me or my mother were interested. The food was good but not omg. I need to come back again tomorrow. I wasn't a huge fan of their desserts. I was so full but I still managed to get my ice cream cone.

The dining area was clean as well as the bathrooms. My mom enjoyed her meal and the experience. I would love to check out some other buffet spots in Vegas to compare. For now, I'll give it a 3.5 leaning towards 4. Lol笑
I had really high expectations for the Bellagio Buffet, especially since it had good reviews and people have said that it rivals the Buffet at The Wynn in almost every way.  I was a little hesitant though when I saw that it cost $32.99 for New Years Brunch.  It's times like these where posting up a menu is very important, but I didn't see it anywhere.  So I took a chance with it.

This Brunch Buffet didn't really do it for me. I pretty much got the same stuff that I would've picked up at Flavors at Harrahs or Le Village at Paris for half the price.  The only way for me to make up the $32.99 was to load up on Crab Legs which is what I did (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=JP-DNf9eXH1T9IsESWsR5g).  I also picked up some Prime Rib and Eggs which were just okay.  There wasn't really anything offered at Brunch that really blew me away.

If you've gone to the Wynn Buffet and haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet yet, just stick with the Wynn.  You might feel a little underwhelmed with the Bellagio Buffet like I was.  I think would have had a much better brunch at Bouchon for what I paid here.笑
If you want to go here for dinner, definitely get in line around 3:45 - 3:50pm and you will only be charged the lunch price for dinner (19.95 vs. 36.99). 

We went on a Friday at 3:50ish and had no wait in line, paid the lunch fees and got to try the tail end of the lunch menu AND dinner menu = beyond... BEYOND stuffed!! 

They offered lamp chops, kobe top sirloin, turkey, beef wellington, ribs, king crab legs, sushi, pastas, mexican, italian, salads, cheeses, fruits and a plethora of desserts. 

I was not super impressed with the desserts (and im an extreme dessert-lover) so that was kind of a bummer. The seafood looked like the best option to go if you wanna try this place out :)笑
I have not gone to the Bellagio Buffet in over 5 years and the last time I went it was rather blah...

Well this time around I used my Vegas winnings for a nice free meal and boy was I happy!

Two items I went to town on ... Beef Wellington and Crab Legs!  So yummy and good.

It would be a 5 star buffet but the desserts were not very good.笑
Is it me or did they downgrade their food?  No more seabass AND "where is the beef?!"  Price is still the same, but feel like the quality went downhill.  Won't be coming back.笑
Overall, it was very good.  My favorites were the prime rib, beef Wellington and rack of lamb.  The shrimp was pretty good also.  I did not like the fish (I think it was sea bass) because it was overcooked and had a very strong fishy flavor and odor.  
The best part is that we got the gourmet dinner for $20 because we arrived 20 minutes before they changed over from lunch to dinner and started charging $44.
I would definitely return.笑
Service here was great. Here was a very long line for the lunch service and we managed to skip it thanks to an attentive bartender plucking us out of the line. The food was pretty good, high quality. The atmosphere was more like a canteen though so it missed out on being a 5 star experience for that.笑
The line was pretty long for a Monday night but I waited it out. The food was better than most buffets in Vegas. Guess I should have came an hour earlier. I didn't expect the line to be that long on a Monday.

I would rate it 5 stars but they ran out of King crab at 9:20 when the buffet was open till 10. I waited in line over an hour+, I lost track of time. 

I really wanted to ask the manager what was the deal with running out of you #1 food attraction in your buffet but I was out of time myself and had to be elsewhere.

Maybe next time they will not run out....

Lori,

How about some type of compensation for running out of King crab? I am sure Myself and everyone else could care less about your copy and paste response.笑
Was there in Feb for a breakfast and dinner
Still delicious. High quality and great variety 
High standards and great value笑
This place seems to get forgotten amongst the newer fancier buffets around town, but this place still holds it's own. Yes it still is quite expensive, $43 for "Holiday Buffet." ( The holiday, btw, was Mexican Independance Day. Really Bellagio?) 
     Wasn't crowded at all on a monday night so was seated right away. Service was good, no complaints there. I come to Vegas to eat seafood and meat. The selection was really good especially the carving stations with ribs, lamb chops, and prime rib. The quail and the sea bass were exceptional. Most everything tasted really good so i was very satisfied overall. I would say Ceasars may be a little better but not by that much. 
     Seems like the guys at the carving station are kinda ticked off and mad about something, but then again if i had hundreds of rude tourists barking at me i would be a little ticked off too.笑
Went for an early lunch and enjoyed breakfast and lunch stations. This buffet is huge! Several carving stations and many different food areas. I grabbed a plate and started at one end without realizing that the buffet wrapped around. It just kept going! Next time I would walk through the whole thing before putting anything on my plate. As with most buffets, there were hits and misses. 

Predictably, my favorite items were dessert items. I put the bread pudding with the caramelized peaches, caramel sauce, and vanilla custard. It was the best dessert I've had in a long time. My cousin loved the carrot cake. Everyone in my party found something they liked. 

Worth full price? I'm not sure. Using your MLife points to get a deal? Definitely.笑
The date I took the buffet at Bellagio was July 20, 2016. This was the worst buffet I never had in Las Vegas. Not many food choices. Same food put in different places made them liked many choices. The server had no idea how to carve the prime rib and very rude. She would not give out a whole  slice of prime rib steak. When she brought out the prime rib from kitchen, she made a cut in the middle. She gave me a super well done meat. I asked for a rare. She told me come back in 15 minutes to try my luck. I paid for $40 buffet and she asked me to try my luck. None of the food was fried. Did they run out of cooking oil? Snow crab legs served cold only. Put in two places but both was cold serves.笑
We like the breakfast at $19.99 per it is a value and the food assortment and quality is very good. We go late 10:15/30 and catch the lunch assortment as well we are full all day.  It almost balances out the $5 buck water bottles. Go to a take out cafe on the property for a sandwich and coffee and you will spend $15.00 each.笑
I came here for their Sunday brunch buffet and I was a happy camper. They have a great selection of food and everything tasted great. It was a bit pricey for brunch but it was worth it.笑
OMG!! The Sunday brunch is amazing!! They have everything from Prime rib to Sushi. The breakfast was so good. Great tasting Hazelnut French Toast and Crepes. For $5 more you get endless champagne. We are not talking little glasses of cheap champagne either!! Well worth the money!!笑
Yes! I'm a biiiiig fan!
Still can not give 5 stars because it is vegas and they should only have the best... and while extremely satisfied, I wouldn't say its the best!! :)
but still... droooool for their dessert section~ :)笑
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas....awesome goodness

This place, in my opinon, is BETTER than the Wynn buffet because not only does it offer a wider selection of food, it is also a few bucks cheaper than the Wynn.

Yes, there's always a long line, but what do you expect? It's the Bellagio Buffet for crying out loud! 

If you're ever here on a Saturday for lunch, I'd recommend that you come around 3pm (a late lunch), pay the lunch price, and stay until dinner. Dinner is served at 4pm and this way you can pay $25 instead of $32-33 for their seafood dinner!!

I love their dessert selection...the sugar free strawberry cheesecake is to DIE for...nomnomnom. Highly recommended!笑
My second favorite buffet is vegas!!! (#1 is Studio B)

I took Kimberly K's awesome advice to take advantage of lunch prices for dinner.  So basically this was my first stop driving into vegas on a Tuesday and we arrived about 30 minutes before lunch was about to end.
Got in for lunch price at $20 and got to eat dinner as well, which is normally $30.  Paying for 5 people, it was a $50 savings!

PRICES: as of 9/6/11  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=O5p34DZJZrd9YRIoHpREMQ

Breakfast : M-F 6am to 11am = $16
Lunch: M-F  11am-4pm = $20
Dinner Sun-Th  4pm-10pm = $30
Gourmet Dinner Fri/Sat  4pm-10pm $37
Weekend Brunch 7am-4pm  $25    (with champagne = $30)

The most important part for me is that they have a pretty good dessert selection : These were my pickings :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=aBragtXmC5EWj12o632S-A

They had: CREME BRULEE, soft serve, banana foster, bread pudding, cute little cone things, carrot cake, tiramisu, cheesecake, chocolate cake, tarts, flan. Ofcourse these were not superb desserts like u would find at jean philippes. But for buffet desserts, i think this is way better than most. Way better than Wynn buffet, which i thought was bad overall. Didn't see any chocolate covered strawberries tho. :( 

Meats and Seafood:
Kobe Top Round, Prime Rib, Ham, Roast Chicken, Turkey. 
(my fave was the top round)
Snow Crab Legs, King Crab Legs, Shrimp Cocktail. 
*crab was a bit salty and not super fresh. but it really didnt' stop anyone for getting heaping piles of it. 

Other stuff they had was Salmon Teriyaki, Miso Chilean Seabass, 3 kinds of mashpotatoes including sweet potato- my fave was the pesto mash potatoes. A few different salads, which werent' that great. pasta salads, soups, chashu bao, salmon and tuna sushi and poke, CA rolls, sliders (meh), pizza, mac and cheese, sausage

I've been to this buffet probably about 5 times over the years, and it's been pretty consistently good IMO. Unfortunately prices keep going up and lines can get ridiculously long. If it were the weekend, i would prefer going to SB, but if i'm here during the weekday, i would definitely recommend coming here for a late lunch/early dinner!!!笑
Adult buffet dinner during a weekday was $27.95 each.  There was no child buffet pricing posted, so I guess they must charge the adult price for children over 4 years old - which seems very steep and unfair.    

Bottom line:  Selections were plentiful, and everything tasted good.  It just didn't live up to my expectations.笑
Yummy lunch buffet! Lots of different foods and vegetarian options. This only my second buffet in Vegas but there's a good chance I will be returning my next trip! Warning: the sushi doesn't come out until 12. So be prepared to sit if you get there early!笑
We hebben de dinner buffet en lunch buffet gedaan. Er is veel keuze aan gerechten maar dat is ook al. Naar onze Belgische normen is deze buffet overroepen. Het eten was lauw en de zaal was koud. Er hadden verschillende mensen hun jassen aan. Wij hebben al over de hele wereld buffetten gegeten en deze behoort tot de minste zeker voor de prijs die je moet betalen. Het enige verschil met de lunch en dinner buffet is dat je bij de dinner scampi's (waterachtig) en krabbenpoten krijgt. De soep was wel lekker. En het personeel is zeer gedreven en vriendelijk.笑
Dined with my husband and 2 kids on Saturday 2/20 evening  8pm. No line...that should  have been a tell tale sign.

Gourmet dinner  for 2 Adults &  2 kids $177.. yes... kids are charged regular price. We dined at Bacchanal the previous  night. So I  have  something to base my review  on. 

Since we were already there we decided to stay and eat. My 8yr old son only ate 4 slices of pizza : (

These are the items  I tried:
beef wellington - it was dry..the 
Kobe sirloin - tough and tasteless 
Ribeye- chewy 
Clams (clam bake) there were more veggies in it than clams - i think they should  just prepared it with butter and  white wine
Pork bun- blah
Chocolate  eclair was dry  
Creme  brulee- texture was a bit thick almost like pudding.  The burned sugar on top did crack when you break into it.. probably  sat out too long
Fruit - watermelon  was dried and shriveled  up. I cant believe they would  still serve it. 


Highlights !!!
Crablegs - ask the staff behind the counter to steam  them, yum!
Lamb- very good , not gamey
Broccolini & mashed  potatoes - excellent 
Bowtie  pasta with cream sauce  and  sun dried tomatoes - my favorite dish here
Pizzas - cant go wrong 
Poke & sushi - fresh 
Pesto mash- good
Desserts- tiramisu, cheesecake

I was very disappointed that there were no oysters, the charcuterie  platter pales in comparison to  Bacchanal's . The offerings were very limited and did not seem "gourmet " as dinner was described.    Our server was an older lady...she was very slow and forgot  to refill our  drinks several  times.  I didn't even want to  bother asking for coffee with dessert. My husband  felt we were troubling her too much if we had asked. 
The last time  I  dined here was about 5 years ago and it seems that it hasn't  changed  much.笑
Tons.. and tons and tons of excellent food. Price is reasonable. Recommended! Get everything you want!笑
You know what buffet stands for: Big Ugly Fat Fuckers Eating Together.

Well, this place is no different, but at least it's pristine and delicious. The chefs here really know what they're doing, that's for sure.

For about $30 you get an all-you-can-eat experience unparalleled to anything you have ever experienced in your life. Gourmet desserts, hand-rolled sushi and veal - all in one place? C'mon, there really isn't anything better than that.笑
Besides their fountain, probably the most well known aspect of the Bellagio Resort and Casinos is their Buffet. Vegas is all about excess; and this buffet surely matches that word.

People are drawn to their Buffet for one reason. To pig out.  Period. You'll be hard pressed to find anything at a cheaper price with comparable food quality and with the sheer number of food choices to pick from, Bellagio Buffet pretty much beats all other Buffets in Vegas. 

Located right by the slot machine area, the lines build up within a blink of an eye, it seemed. One minute there were a few people waiting in line. The next minute, there were almost a hundred. Wow! It looked like the entire bus load of customers appeared out of thin air! 

The food quality is good. Their waiters are super friendly and will get your drinks filled quickly. The empty plates are removed with stealth. You don't even see who took your plate. And the place is busy. I mean BUSY! Diners from all over the world are here. Literally, all over the world. Be glad you are a part of it.

To my surprise, there were empty tables at the time I went, so I got seated immediately. The best time to come would be before 6pm. Do not even think about getting seated without at least an hour wait after 6pm. It doesn't matter what day of the week it is. You'll find a line leading all the way out to the gambling floor.

Great job; Bellagio Buffet team, for providing such a wonderful experience; not just for me, but for people visiting from around the world.

Cheers!笑
OMG.. seriously the most horrible buffet ever.  When they first opened years ago.. it was good.

I stood in line (when there is so much space inside so it's crap).. paid $23 per person to eat breakfast food... and food that was crappy.  The Asian food was horrible... the noodles were dry, etc.  The sushi was crap.. the spicy tuna hand roll was okay but it was frozen.  The soups were too salty... and there wasn't much else to eat.  The desserts were okay but they weren't really heavenly.

No crab legs for lunch.. sucks.. why am I  paying for so much.笑
Definitely one of the best buffet in Vegas. Lots of variety, fine dishes. 
Highly recommended.
On the pricier range but from sushis to lamb chips to crab legs to steak, you get it all.笑
For my third and final buffet of my Las Vegas trip, it was to dinner at The Buffet at Bellagio.

eh. 

I thought it would be better. I mean come on....The Buffet and Bellagio. Expectations were high. Seeing the long line, they grew. Luckily one of our party showed up early and waited the 40 minutes to get to the front and then they put him in the side line until we all showed up. Once we did we were promptly seated. Nice.  But then they sat us at a table that was a tad bit small for a group of 9.  boo.

Maybe I was on a buffet burnout or something, but I just couldn't get my eat on here.  For a $35 buffet, it was just ok.  I expected more and better.  The Kobe beef wasn't all that great, the crab legs were small and the sushi/sashimi was lacking quality.  The lamb chops were good, not gamey tasting and cooked a nice medium rare. The butternut squash ravioli's were delicious as was the seabass.  The desserts were good too.  

Overall it was just a regular buffet. Nothing special. Nothing stand-outish.  And there were too many  things that you had to ask for instead of being able to serve it yourself...some of those didn't even have signs. Too much trouble and not worth the wait.

I was nice and gave it 3 star just cause the experience might have had more to do with me than the buffet.笑
After reading all the wonderful reviews from my Yelp Buddies - da FAMOUS Auntie - Nadine C., Denise T., Gem S., Michael C., & Angel H., it was time to get reacquainted with The Buffet at the Bellagio.

I came to the Bellagio to try the buffet many years ago (I think around 1998 or 1999), and haven't gone back since. 
I don't know why it took so long for me to come back here, as I remembered when I did try it back in the late 90's, it was a pretty darn good buffet, with the exception of remembering that they served very small servings of food. 
Now don't worry gang.............it's a buffet, so you can keep coming back for more! I guess the small servings are a great idea, that way you get to try the various items that the buffet would offer.

It's year 2016, and all I can say is - "I'm Baaaaaaaaaack!!!!" 

I took my pops & cousin to the Bellagio so they could enjoy the wonderful buffet at the Bellagio! The quality of food is top notch, and the offerings & selections is huge!

Some of my favorites at this buffet is the Prime Rib & Mussels. 

They also had Kobe Beef, Turkey, & Ham too at the carving station. If you like pasta & pizza........they had that too. They also had a station where they served Asian themed food, like won ton soup, & Char Shu. 
Then there was seafood, like the cold crab, as well as fish, & mussels.

The desserts were to die for...........if you have a sweet tooth like me, you can kill your sweet addiction by visiting this dessert buffet! There are just too many things to mention here!

Service by the waiter, as well as the chef at the carving station was not the friendliest, but I'm not here to experience top notch service. I was here to throw down & EAT! 

But if you need to know about my service experience...........when I was seated, the table they placed us on was still dirty, as when I had put my cellular phone down on the table, there was some kind of sticky substance on the table, making my phone dirty. 
I told the waiter when he had time, if he could kindly clean up the table again........and I'm not sure if he got irritated about that? After that, while were were dining, not once did the waiter come by to check on us. When I ran out of hot tea, I had to flag down our waiter to get a refill.

On the bright side, at least the busboy was very quick to remove the dirty plates once we finished our meals, so at no time was the table left with stacked plates.

For $35.99 per person, the Buffet at the Bellagio is still a great bargain for the type of food they offer! Check 'em out gang! No can go wrong!!!笑
Parmi tous les buffets testés il y a maintenant 2 ans (à raison d'un par jour), le Bellagio était l'un de mes préférés avec le Wynn

Ce qui m'avait le plus marqué ici c'était certainement les gaufres, toutes marquées du B du Bellagio, la grande classe je vous dis !

Petite astuce : le mieux selon moi c'est d'arriver un peu avant la fin du service breakfast (qui termine à 11h), ainsi vous ne payez que 17$ par personne (avec les taxes) et si vous prenez bien votre temps (ce qui ne vous demande pas beaucoup d'effort) vous pourrez profiter pleinement du buffet du lunch qui commence à 12h :)

Autrement dit vous allez faire 2 voir même 3 repas en 1... pas de doute vous êtes bien dans la ville de tous les excès !!!

Je rejoins un peu Axle M. sur le cadre qui n'est pas vraiment à la hauteur de la renommée de l'hôtel et de la qualité de la cuisine servie, sinon je mettais moi aussi une cinquième étoile sans hésiter !笑
We had breakfast here 2 mornings (comped with our suite).  We enjoyed the wide variety and the fact that they offered much more than just standard breakfast fare.  Food items were re-stocked often and tables were kept clean and clear very efficiently.  The food was good quality for buffet-style.  It often got loud and chaotic when the dining room was full.  I also don't think I'd pay $30 per person but it was a good option for using our comp tickets.笑
Went here for breakfast and it was a little overpriced. If you want breakfast, just order from your room service since it'll a lot cheaper. I heard dinner here is good, but I had other plans for dinner. Maybe next time I will try the dinner part.笑
Crab legs salmon tuna calamari caviar fish lots of seafood on offer plus meats such as beef ham turkey chicken and some Asian pork....

The disappointing thing was the price increase as it was thanksgiving ! We still went ahead as our visitors wanted to try the famous buffet they'd heard so much about. They were happy with the food but for the price I thought at least one alcoholic beverage should've been offered per person. I will try it again but not on a holiday or weekend as too many people and too hard to squeeze in between the crowd to get to the food. Food itself was good but the service was very disappointing again. Slow and had to ask for refills several times.笑
Yum Yum and more Yum!

Gosh...219 reviews? What more can I add?? All I can say is this is a MUST if you visit Vegas. The food is delish...especially the crab legs and kobe beef. Their dessert buffet is huge too. Sucks they ran out of chocolate covered strawberries. =(

Tip: The line on a weekend can get very long. I suggest you go there early or ask someone to wait in line for you. You can't be seated until you pay for everyone in your party.笑
After an hour wait and high cost, I was expecting one of the best buffet experiences of my life, sadly, those expectations were not met. While the bellagio buffet had a classy interior and wasn't kept terribly crowded on the inside, I felt service could've been better. For one thing, I felt as if we were expected to rush in line, and our waiter looked like he had a perpetual scowl. He checked up on us periodically, but I never saw him smile once. 

In terms of food, they were definitely better than average, but for what I paid, I was expecting more. The pasta didn't look very presenting and the mussels were tiny. Additionally, I found the turkey and chorizo nothing special. Admittedly, the pasta did taste better than it looked, and the snow crab was pre-cracked to make it easier to get the meat. Also, it wasn't salty either.

All in all, the bellagio buffet has good food and ambiance, but is not worth the cost, both monetarily and time wise. Service could be better and it could use a quality adjustment. 
Service 2/5
Food 4/5
Ambiance 4/5笑
I'd have to say that this is my favorite buffet in Vegas - it's very clean, organized, and it has everything that I want in a buffet and more.  And for some reason when comparing it to the Wynn buffet - this place just tastes better. Loved the king crab legs, the prime rib, and the dessert - but wasn't a huge fan of the asian dishes. . .that's okay though, I wasn't really going to the buffet for asian food anyway! haha

And I'm not a HUGE fan of buffets so I don't give them 5 stars. . .but I do have to say that this is one of the best - expensive, but definitely worth it if you're out in Vegas!笑
Going to chime in to say that the selection is great, food is delicious, the Yelp stars are well worth it, and the price is justified.

It was about $30 per person including drinks and the food (for a buffet) has very good standards!

Went on Wednesday night at 6 PM with a 20 minute wait. The service was attentive. The place was clean.

As a person who usually goes to cheap buffets, I was impressed with the selection of food (main course, salad, and dessert) they have. It's very well diverse while maintaining their quality. The only complaint I have would be the pastas. The marinara pasta's flavor was weak and the creamy pastas were very grainy (due to the cheesy sauce.)

The highlight? Prime rib. Add mashed potatoes, mashed yam, grilled mushroom & veggies (zuchinni and squash) make a perfect comfort food plate! I'm not a huge crab person so I can't criticize it (it was good though) but I can tell you their baked sea bass was perfect. Also, their sushi is surprisingly good for a buffet. If you like raw fish then you won't be disappointed. They've got the nigiris and poke salmon/tuna. The seaweed salad gets a thumbs up too.

Dessert? Yes! I usually hate dessert at buffets but I was nodding after every bite.

My first buffet at the Vegas Strip was Paris' Le Village for a few bucks less and I can tell you, you're better off coming to Bellagio. 
Next time I come back to Vegas, I'm going back to Bellagio for more stomach-stuffing.笑
Don't come here on a holiday...know why?  The price is ridiculous.  Other than that, I think it's a pretty good buffet.  I especially love that the crab legs that are cut in half and all you have to do is remove the meat! Yum!  There is a great variety of dishes and desserts.  The line to get in can get super long so come early if you can otherwise, prepare to wait.  This is known to be one of the best buffets in Vegas and I can almost agree.笑
Came here during the breakfast and lunch hour. The offerings were pretty typical during breakfast time with the customizable omelette station as the highlight.

When the time came to the lunch offerings, the standout was easily the mini burgers. They were surprisingly juicy and had just the right amount of cheese to it. I was able to dress each burger properly from the other offerings nearby also. To top it all off, hella good flan with a slight orange flavor to it settled my stomach easily.

Overall, from the other extravagant buffet offerings around, I can't say that the Bellagio's buffet tops out the list of best buffet in Vegas.笑
Wide selection. Food was good. Prime rib was very tasty. Deserts very good. Servers/staff were rude and clearly miserable.笑
After having been to multiple buffets in Vegas and then returning to the Bellagio, I need to update my rating! We went back again for breakfast and the food was so much better than I remember it being. It was really good.

While, this isn't the biggest buffet on the Strip, I would definitely classify it as one of the best ones. For breakfast, they offer traditional options such as eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, along with carved meats like ham & turkey, but also they offer other options like fried rice & chow mein, prime rib, mashed potatoes, and so on.

Their vegetables, fruits, cheeses, & pastries all tasted really fresh and the meats were really tender and juicy. We went on a holiday weekend so the price was a little bit higher but for the quality of the food, it's worth it. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is for the service at the front. Overall, though, we will be back!笑
Brunch was delicious. We waited in line about 40 minutes on a Sunday but me and hubby don't mind. This buffet has better quality food then most casino buffets.笑
selection not as vast as other buffets, but some of the items were really good at the brunch (esp the smoked salmon and the seaweed salad).  I also usually dont like cheesecake but theirs was nice and light.笑
For all the hype this buffet receives, I thought it was OKAY. I mean, sure, I can say it's the best buffet I've ever eaten at, but still, I guess because everyone I know kept going "OH MY GOSH THE BELLAGIO BUFFET IS LIKE THE BEST IN THE WORLD LIKE OH MY GOSH!", I just expected ... a lot more, or maybe I'm just really picky? Who knows.

I ate at the Bellagio Buffet on my first day here in Vegas. My friend and I tried to cheat the system -- we wanted to make it right before lunch ended and dinner began, so we'd avoid paying dinner prices. Apparently, everyone and their mother was doing the same. We got there at 2:45, and didn't get seated until 3:30, lol. 

Now, I don't know how much dinner at The Bellagio usually costs -- since we weren't able to pay a cheap lunch price, so I was expecting to pay ... $30 at the most for dinner, on a Wednesday. But nope! Because of the "holiday" season, dinner on a weekday (I'm not sure if it's the same for weekends) cost an eye-opening $45/person! Yup, $97 for two people. I had to dip into my gambling budget to pay for dinner, and when the cashier handed me back my receipt, I was expecting a room key or something with it, because I seriously couldn't believe I spent $100 for dinner on a Wednesday, and I didn't get anything else. But again, I'm the type of person who tries to get into buffets right as lunch ends to avoid paying dinner prices, so no judgment. 

We wanted to stay at the buffet for at least two hours to get our moneys worth, and that we did. My friend and I went through about four and five plates each, plus dessert. The buffet has A LOT of food. I think after my third round, I was trying to find a fork, and discovered another section of the buffet that I had missed, lol. I didn't notice any Mexican food (I was hoping for a taco station or something!), but they had lots of pasta (fettuccine, tortellini, ravioli), lots of DELICIOUS pizza, lamb, steak, turkey, Asian / Thai food, some American ... they had sushi, which I did not like. (I've decided that I just can't bring myself to like the sushi served at buffets -- I prefer the 'All You Can Eat' sushi route instead of the 'buffet' type of thing). The desserts, I think, were more pretty to look at than they were to eat. They were good, but nothing really stood out. Or maybe I was just really full from the food and couldn't appreciate it.

So all in all, this buffet is just okay. I'm definitely going to try the Wynn's Buffet soon to settle this rivalry between the two. Whatever expectations you have of the Bellagio's Buffet, just take it down a couple of notches and I'm sure you'll enjoy it.笑
Okay so during my Vegas trip all i kept hearing was " I can't wait for the Bellagio buffet!" " Omg it's awesome!" So i was like hellz yeah! I totally can't wait to stuff my face! So were in line and i grudgingly part with my forty dollars and get seated. Whatever if it's good food then it would totally be worth it. Sadly it was not. Lets start with the sushi. It tasted like something out of Ralphs. Five minutes later I hear my friend complaining that her mouth is tingling from the sushi! That's not normal. Okay so sushi is not their specialty...totally understandable. Lets move on to the pastas then. Ah totally mushy and bland! The crab legs and shrimp tasted like...water. Fine fine..maybe there is still hope. I come across the hot and sour soup. I love hot and sour soup...but you scarred me for life with your soup Bellagio buffet! It was like sipping on pure soy sauce. What happened to the hot and sour part? This is just plain salty! The only tasty thing I ate was  the lobster ravioli and the salads. The desserts were what saved the day...well sorta. After we ate I felt really sick! I think it had some thing to do with the sushi! Never doing buffets again!笑
Just as good as I remember it! Granted, the crab legs were previously frozen, but it's a buffet in the middle of the desert after all. 

I stuffed my face with about 3 pounds of crab legs, about 6oz of Kobe beef, a small portion of some of the best beef stroganoff that I've ever tasted, and an entire rack of lamb! Ended the night with a small dessert sampler and I'm surprised I was able to walk out of there on my own!

Well worth the $50 for the gourmet dinner on the weekends IMO.笑
Okay, I would have gave this place 5 stars, if it wasn't for the hour wait... which I still don't understand because when we finally got inside, there were bunch of free tables!

Anyways... we went there for brunch. Which was $25, kind of expensive. But  the food at the buffet WAS SO good!!! very much worth the $25, in our opinion.This was the best buffet I have ever been to. I want to go back!!! and when I think about it my mouth waters. mmm... The food was quality and it was never running out (kind of like the celebrations at Hagwarts).笑
One of my favorite gourmet buffets in Vegas.  The lines for this buffet is proof itself that this is indeed a great buffet.  Make sure you present your Mlife card to get points.  This buffet is pricey esp in the weekends, but it is worth it.笑
Came here for brunch with my boyfriend after we had brunch the day before at Aria. I think I like the food at Bellagio more but the dessert at Aria was better... and so was the egg benedict.

I had a cinnamon bun, french toast, sausage, pesto mash potatoes, prime rib, bacon, egg benedict, salmon with caper, cream cheese, and onion (my bf put it together, he is a chef)  and beef tenderloin. I finished everything on my plate besides the beef tenderloin because it didnt really have any flavor and the french toast because I was getting full. 

For dessert.... I took 6... yes.... 6 because they were all so pretty and I did not know which one to eat.... I had carrot cake, tiramisu, eclair, lime tart, cheese cake, and chocolate peanut butter cake. I think my favorite was the cheese cake, everything else was really good too... besides the lime tart(but then I never really liked sour desserts) and the eclair because it was stuffed with too much chocolate custard in it (I tried to squeeze it all out and just eat the outside... but failed).

The food here was good. I am happy that there was a lot of food that I like here.笑
Great variety of food, not THAT tasty.笑
Usually when I come to Vegas with family we stay here at the Bellagio so we make it a point to stop by here at least once.  It used to be the best in town a few years back but it has been surpassed by a few others in the area.  It is still one of the better buffets in town.  The weekend dinner selection is the best but it is also reflected in the price.  There's always a good selection of food and desserts here.  I was bummed they didn't have any chocolate covered strawberries this past weekend (maybe they're out of season now? I don't know anything about fruits.).  During the holidays (Christmas and Thanksgiving) the line is always crazy long so be prepared.

Tip:  If you have higher M Life status there's a shorter line that you can wait in.笑
I finally came to this place and actually just finished eating dinner with my gf. I honestly expected way more than this. When we arrived during dinner around 4:20pm, the line was pretty damn long and we waited for at least 35 mins just to get in the front. I was excited and thought this was gonna be legit but I thought wrong. 

Everything here got repetitive. I mean the food was decent and they had somewhat a good amount of variety but there were errors in a lot of their dishes. Their fresh crab legs were salty, smoked fish was way to dry, and everything else...well...boring.

I think the Wynn buffet is much better and much more luxurious than this.笑
Another favorite buffet of mine in Vegas.  When you venture for that specific food to get in a buffet, most of the time its the crab legs and here is no exception.  Throw that with the awesome prime rib and the various selection of pastries and you got someone like going back for seconds and thirds.  Plus when its $35 for this buffet, you may want to grab more to savior for later on.笑
Don't come this one!5 star hotel with one star food, I came from San Diego and I can tell you that Vejas is way better than this! I called before come in asking whether they have seafood like crab legs and lobster. They said they have both king and snow crab and lobster. Guess what? When we walk in, there is none of it. There are only few water-food! The shell is sandy and the steak can kill a cow! The price is $27.99 and trust me you don't want to spend it here！ nothing is up to the standard.笑
We went to Bellagio for weekend branch buffet. 

Pro:
- Plenty of food.
- Nice sitting area

Cons:
- None of the food has seasoning. In other word , Food tests awful!!!
- Slow service. Long line every where. From entry to get the food.
- Very expensive
- Restroom next to buffet smells really bad !!

I would suggest - save your money and go to any made to order restaurant. DO NOT try buffet. There might be plenty of food but no test.笑
I heard great things about this particular buffet but it just reminded me of a higher quality old country buffet. the food was unoriginal and there weren't that many options. and the maki rolls...sigh. 

The line is unnecessary long and i would recommend visiting another buffet. the wait is not worth it.笑
Bellagio is hands down my favorite Vegas buffet when comparing value, taste, variety, and service.

We went for Saturday Brunch which was about $34, but came out to $42 with tax and mandatory 18% gratuity for our party of 9. We also came at the end of lunch to get those prices, but then transitioned to dinner menu which was fantastic.

Experience & Service: 5/5 - Overall a great experience. The servers here are always very attentive and nice. Even though drinks were self service, they brought us drinks and refilled for us. They were always quick to take our plates when we were finished so we had room for more.

Food & Taste: 5/5 - We came at the end of lunch so we were also able to get dinner food. This was the ONLY buffet that had poke!! Maybe this is a new thing and other buffets are now doing it, but this is the first one I've seen. Their sushi selection isn't amazing but at least they had salmon and tuna nigiri. As far as the other food goes, they have great variety and quality of food.

Value: 5/5 - In my opinion, this is one of the higher tier and quality buffets at a lower end price. Other ones like Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal are way overpriced for what they deliver in my opinion. Bellagio is a good balance of price and quality, which ends up a great value.

Overall, my favorite buffet on the strip. Good balance of quality, value, variety, and service. Would highly recommend.笑
Honestly, not impressed. Maybe I just had high expectations or something... but I'm definitely not going to bother going again.

As usual, I made my basic rounds... hit up the prime rib or whatever steak cut they have going on... asian food...seafood...dessert...it wasn't bad, but I've definitely had much better food at even better prices.  

The lighting felt really dim to me.  It made me feel as though I were on a date or something equally awkward.  Usually, buffets are extremely well lit.  That's the best way to highlight the food, right? Even if it doesn't taste that good, it'll still look bomb dot com and you'll go for it! Yeah, definitely not the case here.

Overall, nothing out of the ordinary and not someplace I would go out of my way for.  Bonus points for having really great waitresses and keno, but that's about the extent of their stars.  Sorry Bellagio, but you really need to step up your game because there are a half a dozen other buffets that have got you pwnd.笑
Came here recently, this time for breakfast. Loved the bacon, but the eggs were abit runny. They had salmon and beef tenderloin and it was delicious. The price for breakfast is a great price, $15.99. Waffles were so-so, I wish they had the regular normal sized.笑
We came here on a Friday night after Christmas.  The price was high but there was so much food I think it is worth it in Las Vegas.  I later read that this was rated either number 2 or 3 as the top buffet.  The top one, I believe charges over $30 more, so I think Bellagio was worth it being less.笑
I never thought I would say this about a non-romantic meal, but IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH $40! For one, the wait was short (for a Las Vegas Buffet on a Friday night), at around 15 minutes. And then the food...I am gonna have to make another roadtrip to LV, just sayin'. This time I will not plan to go clubbing after dinner. Oh it was painful (every bop, every sip of champagne), plus I don't think I even maxed out my stomach space.

My favorites of the night included grilled veggies (http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/k4l1M4GEfqHvS7eh0leAGQ/l), pumpkin couscous, Chilean Sea Bass (this inspired me to cook my own inferior Chilean Sea Bass upon my return home), and the succulent fresh shrimp (http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/RwGvwSnjuOLa9AWaxU3wSg/l). I love how they cut the crab lengthwise (sooo convenient) though the taste was a bit too fishy for me. They had tasty sushi too (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=k4l1M4GEfqHvS7eh0leAGQ).

We finished off with an array of cute little desserts. Mmmm...creme brulee and apricot mousse...(http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/QDR6bbOBfTSaQj_vExRYdA/l)笑
This is by far my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. Go for the weekend brunch if you can. The unlimited champaign will really get your day off to a great start.

The food is fresh and plentiful. The omelet chef is fantastic and makes one of the best seafood omelets I've ever had. they also cut their crab legs lengthwise so you don't need to crack them to get at the meat. Also the Eggs Benedict are excellent and surprisingly not over cooked.

Service was excellent, food was tasty, and my champaign glass was never empty. What more could you possibly want from a buffet in Vegas?笑
Great food for the price this buffet really changed my opinion of buffet food the selections at the Bellagio Buffet are great and tasty.笑
Not that impressed by the buffet. It was kind of sloppy. The wait staff were just kind of hangin out. The food was so so and when u spend 50 bucks u would expect more than that. My meat was all over cooked and the texture of the Wellington was not right. Very disappointing and not a place I would recommend. Try Ballys or Ceasars if ur looking for a buffet. I gave them 2 over cooked Wellingtons and that was generous...笑
I have never tried this buffet. I came here for lunch buffet during weekdays. The selections are terrible and food are tasteless. I guess the buffet selection is good only for weekends and holidays dinner. I wish I can get my money back and go to wicked spoon or other buffet instead.笑
I had high expectations - but I also had my doubts. 
It's the Bellagio, so of course it's got to be great right? But, could it just busy and big but not really thaaat great of food? We weren't sure. And actually I think our thinking was just heavily foggy and slow due to the evening before because as we finally stumbeled out of hotel starving we walked a bit and ended up in the Bellagio and the boys said, Let's do the Bellagio Buffet. Sounded go everyone - until we saw the line. OMG, it was like a line at disney land. Ugh. We get at the end and took turns playing the slots as we waited. I was busy on yelp trying to see what the next closest place would be and then it dawned on us, helllooo it's noon, saturday, in vegas. Everywhere would have aline. We were sure it wouldn't take over an hour so we decided to just stick it out. We took bets on how long it would take and my guess was 37 minutes. I won- to the exact minute! So, they do a good job of turning over the tables and there are hundreds of em inside. WE got the all you can drink champagne which was just a few bucks extra, worth it if you are going to have more than 2 mimosas. Our lady was kinda crazy and kept pouring the bubbly all over the floor and the rim of the glass spilling it everywhere so we were a bit sticky after the experience (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars). 
But, the food was good, lots of options, really good salad bar choices, those are my favorite. Don't get me wrong i still pile up the meats, fried goods, sushi rolls and decadent desserts - but i love a good salad bar line up. I'm takling multiple cheeses, lots of dressing choices, olives, fruits, peppercini, yum yum yum. 
We were there a total of about 2 hours - counting wait time. 
Definitely a good choice and worth the wait.笑
We have a friend visiting who loves buffets so I've been at more buffets in the last few weeks than I'd been to in the last year! Sadly underwhelmed by the Bellagio Buffet overall , based on the price. I remember loving it in the past.  This week , my rating:  just "OK."  The crab legs (which I adore and trust me, I am not very discerning where crab legs are concerned) were still a bit frozen. Also, I remember in the past the fruit options were pretty upscale -- berries and such. This week, just melon and  bananas.   The fact that they had a good sushi area with plenty of options saved the night for me.笑
This place gives buffets a good name. The food is always fresh and interesting. The breakfast and brunch are possibly the best in Las Vegas. The Friday and Saturday night gourmet dinner buffet, is unreal. Try Beef Wellington, Venison and Steak Tartar just to name a few.笑
Oh save your life by getting better quality food.  This place in comparison to the cosmopolitan buffet that I ate at yesterday, is so night and day. I did not know people could be so greedy when it comes to purchasing quality food. Putting profits over people Will surly come back to haunt you.笑
As some of the reviews state, yes there is definitely a wait, and yes, the cashiers are definitely not the most pleasant people... but overall, I thought this buffet was well worth the $40. I can't even remember the last time I went to a buffet, but I loved all the choices here. And it never felt too crowded while getting food. Lots of different meats, seafood, and pastas. Crab legs, sushi, and kobe beef. Italian pastas, chinese food, turkey and sweet potatoes, tacos, pizzas, etc. You name it, it was probably there in some form. The desserts were good too (bread pudding, brownies, cheesecake, tiramisu, etc.) 

Overall, I was a little disappointed with the crab and the sushi, but the salmon and pesto tortellini made up for it. While in Vegas, this was probably my wisest food purchase of the week. The strip is so expensive anyway, trying to go cheap usually means sacrificing quality while still paying an inflated price. Just go to a buffet :)笑
Very Expensive, but worth the price.

its about 35 bucks, for dinner, and even more with champagne.
the line i waited in was about 1 hour just to get a seat, but hey its vegas.
I went to the bath room, after the long line, and what did i see, i saw a kid puking in the stall. To me it was a good sign, He must love to the food to eat so damn much of it. Looked around a big, they had PRIME RIB, whoa, Honey roasted ham, pasta, eggs benedict, fresh baked goods, salmon,  sushi, snow crabs. i mean, if you actually got one plate of this in a 5 star resturant you looking between 80 bucks a person. I liked just about every thing. they even got Ojwu to dip the prime rib in.

they said its the best buffet in vegas, i believe them.

ate so much that day, i was done with buffet, the whole week.笑
ABSOLUTELY AWESOME 

Great food and great variety. Every time you get up for another round it seems like everything has been replaced with new dishes! Endless options here. 

This buffet is right up there with the Wynn buffet. really great.

cheers笑
oh sweet lord on the heights.

let's get past the fact that the line is always outrageous. and it's really, really, really expensive.

ok? ok. 

i'm a buffet person by nature, unfortunately. i like quantity. quantity of choices, quantity of shit piled on my plate. buffet at bellagio fulfilled those prerequisites and topped it all off with a hefty portion of quality.

lobster ravioli, sushi, crab legs, carbonara, soups, breads, salads, sandwiches...all beautifully presented and very, very tasty for mass-produced food. the drink servers are wonderful - speedy and friendly.

i'm a freak in the sense that vegas is probably my favorite american city, and the new emphasis on "foodie" food and stellar service are the top two reasons why. the buffet at bellagio is a perfect example of how to do a vegas buffet the right way.笑
I've tried the Wynn Buffet multiple times and a few others in Vegas and thought I had the best in Vegas, until I ate at the Buffet at the Bellagio.  For only about 26 bucks compared to about 36 at Wynn, the Bellagio buffet is so far the best buffet that I've had on the Vegas strip.  There were so many selections and I particularly enjoyed my dish full of fresh berries that I asked the Asian lady by the sushi/fruit counter to make after seeing her prepare a special plate for a Vegas regular.笑
Terrible food! We were there for the New Year's Eve dinner it was $80 pp but the food quality was very poor.  The food was dried and tasted and looked like it was sitting/cooking from the morning.  Not fresh at all!! The presentation of the food was also terrible. It looks like Bellagio tried to cut down the cost by not having the proper cooks and the patissiers.  I was there before the renovation the food and the presentation was much better. Very disappointed!!笑
Now, this is a buffet.

A few weeks ago, I took a trip to Las Vegas for a pharmacy conference, and was craving good quality food for good price. I was already sick of the outrageous prices of food in "fast food" places in the Venetian (having spent nearly 10 dollars on a coffee and a bagel), I was craving good quality food. A friend suggested we take advantage of the lunch prices before 4pm (making it a lunch-dinner pit stop), so I followed them to The Bellagio.

We paid around 25 bucks, and it was well worth it. There was SO MUCH SELECTION. The meats were great, from the Kobe steak, prime rib, bbq pork, and Mmmm, my fave of the night, BBQ ribs. Also, there was a huge selection of seafood, from the crab legs, shrimp, and all types of fish (sea bass, salmon, tuna, etcera). The fish itself was cooked a bit too much, so it was dry, but after eating the mussels, I was satisified. 

They also had an ETHNIC section, with Chinese and Japanese food. I don't normally touch "Chinese" food at buffets, so I didn't this time, but saw they even carried duck! I tried the sushi bar they had.. they even had HAND ROLLS... which was an okay quality grade.. but man, for a buffet? it was pretty worth it.

My absolute favorite part of the buffet was the DESSERT. Yes, you're not going to find the best amazing desserts, but the SELECTION was insane. My fave was a hazelnut chocolate mousse cake and the carrot cake. There were cheesecakes, cookies, more cakes, ice cream, sorbet, lemon bars, eclairs, etcera. I had to get a coffee at the end to eat with all my desserts.

Service was good as well, as every time I got up, the waiter took my plate away. Also, he was good on keeping my drinks fully supplied, which I appreciated. I just raised my hand, and he came instantly. Good job on the service.

I would have given this place 5 stars, based on the meat, but the seafood was not the greatest, nor the sushi. Nonetheless, probably one of the best buffets I've been to! Next time, I'll go for brunch.笑
A couple of friends are in town for a convention and they wanted to eat at a top notch buffet. So that means its either the Wynn or the Bellagio. The past few times this situation presented itself, my friends all decided on the Wynn. This time around, this particular group of friends let me decide. "Well, the past few times its been the Wynn, so lets mix it up and try the Bellagio.", I suggested. "I mean how bad can it be?"

We stroll up to the buffet on a Monday at around 7:30 and was pleasantly surprised not to see a line. Now in hindsight, is that a good thing or bad thing? Anyways, my friends bought my dinner so I didn't catch the price. I figure it was close to about $30. The nice hostess leads our party of five to a table that normally seats 4. She pulls an extra chair and puts it at the head of the table. Seriously? I can understand if we had a kid in the party, but we are all adults. Cant we all have our own little space?

"Excuse me miss, can we get another table?"
"Sure, this way please."

So I was expecting they would bring us to a table that seats 6 and have an extra chair open. I guess thats what I get for assuming. She leads us to another table that seats four and pulls up an extra chair. Wow. This must be the five diamond/5 star service I was expecting. I can understand if the place was packed but it seemed like 1/3 of the tables were empty. Whatever. We deal with it and head for the food.

We grab a plate and walk the selections to see what delicious offerings they have. Dish after dish I didnt see anything I was too excited about. Everything just seemed normal. If they blindfolded me and brought me here, I would of guessed we were at a $12.99 buffet somewhere. I think I would of been happier eating at the Planet Hollywood buffet and saving a few bucks for gambling or drinks afterwards.

So for our first round, I start out with crab legs, peeled shrimp, cold smoked salmon, salmon sashimi, and some spicy tuna sashimi. Maybe it was my high expectations, but I didnt enjoy the food as much as I thought I would. The crab legs dipped in the warm butter was fine. Not spectacular. The peeled jumbo shrimp tasted like the ones I bought from the Albertsons seafood counter. Normal. The smoked salmon tasted fine. The salmon sashimi was decent. Now here's my gripe about the 1st plate. Spicy tuna sashimi... I couldnt even get past two bites. It was soooooo spicy. Are they trying to cover up the lack of taste? Seriously?

For the 2nd plate, I chose a slice of shrimp pesto pizza, rare prime rib, duck leg in peanut sauce, calamari salad, and scallop ceviche. I love duck. So the duck leg was yummy. The prime rib was good because I asked for a rare slice and the carving station guy pulled a whole prime rib slab and cut me a piece straight from the middle. It was worth it.  The pizza was ok as well as the calamari salad and scallop ceviche.

So far I enjoyed 3 out of 10 dishes. I take another lap and didnt really see anything else I wanted to eat. So I head for the massive dessert area to fill the void I was feeling. I select the carrot cake, flan, creme brulee, and a chocolate covered brownie. The best one was the carrot cake. Wow. That was very tasty. Possibly the best thing I tasted all night. The flan and creme brulee were delicious as well. the chocolate covered brownie I could have done without.

Here's another thing that bothered me. I ordered some tea. They had a great selection of about 5 or 6 teas. That's a good sign. I ordered some Green Tea and my friend orders some Earl Grey. While we wait for our beverages, she mentions that she should of asked for some lemon and honey for her tea. "Those always come with the tea.", I confidently stated. Boy was I wrong again. I'm not doing well on assumptions tonight. They bring the tea and of course there's NO lemon or honey. Cmon now. Even at a lowly 24 hour cafe/diner they bring you lemon and honey with an order of tea. Seriously.... SERIOUSLY?

Throughout this whole evening, the only thing that kept running through my mind was... How come I didn't choose the Wynn buffet? What else could go wrong? I had one too many drinks so I had to use the little boys room. When I walk in, there were about 5 guys in line waiting to use the urinals. Seriously.... There are two urinals and one regular toilet stall IN A BUFFET? SERIOUSLY? Now I know how the ladies feel.... Waiting.... Waiting....

Would I go back? Not anytime soon. Wynn or Bellagio Buffet? WYNN. Hands down. The food just tastes better there. You can truly taste the quality there. Do you have any pictures Leo? SURE DO! Check them out!

I was torn between 2 or 3 stars. If I could, I would of given them a 2.5.笑
Pretty mixed bag, but I can't say I would go here again (!!!!!).  We went here for the lunch buffet.

First off, I felt the service was kind of bad.  They did keep the entrance/payment line moving well, so that was good.  However, I thought that the people doing drinks as well as behind the counter weren't very friendly.  Yeah, they have a lot of tables and people to get through, but it does detract from the experience.

The food was not great.  Having heard this buffet was one of the best in Vegas, I was expecting a lot, but I guess I should have expected a small step above Old Country Buffet.  The salad and fruit bar was pretty good, but those are foods you can't really screw up, aren't they?

Maybe this review is overly negative, but if you are in Vegas for just a short time and you are paying ~$20 a person or whatever for a meal, you should get something AWESOME.  Somewhere else.笑
I've eaten at the Bellagio buffet a number of times for all three meals of the day and think it's one of the better buffets in Vegas.  I prefer the dinner over breakfast or lunch because there's greater value in the dinner.  It's not cheap but I find the quality of the food to be consistently good.  I like how the crab legs are sawed in half and the shells of the shrimp peeled so that they are ready to be devoured.  I tend to eat the pricey items (sushi, prime rib, seafood) and pass on the cheap fillers (pasta, pizza, various veggies).  The sushi is fair to middling but I have high standards for sushi.  However, on my last visit, I thought the spicy tuna hand rolls were delicious.  End your dinner with some coffee.  It's one of the best cups of coffee I've had in Vegas.  Incredibly flavorful and no bitter aftertaste.  I sent them an email to ask where I can get it!笑
If you like quantity and not hung up on quality then this may be to your liking.
The cost is $45.Per Person

There had to be 50-75 items to choose from.  the pasta was soggy, prime rib was really dry and was a "rare cut", crab legs were tough, but the desserts for the most part were very good especially the creme broulet.  
Like I said if your more inclined to quantity then you may like this.  Personally, for $45.00 I would prefer a dinner where quality of the meal was more important than the quantity.笑
Best.

Buffet.

Ever.

Very Clean.  Huge selection of every type of cuisine and food that the average brain typically imagines in their dreams.  

Top notch quality.  The coffee is out of this world (I asked the name of it and was told it comes in liquid form/concentrated, and not in bean form because it's "more fresh" when it's in liquid form) - whatever all of that means.. I don't care because it was just incredible (although I do prefer beans to "liquid concentration", just because it sounds less artificial, even though the liquid probably isn't artificial anyway).  

I've had both the breakfast and the dinner, but I'm reviewing the breakfast/brunch right now since I just had it yesterday.

Eggs Benedict in immaculate formation and flavor.

Omelette Bar: yes, all buffets have them but you can taste the fresh here.  And it's gigantic.  

French toast made in front of you.

Fluffy pancakes.

Bacon, carved to order.  I kid you not.  Who even knew bacon came in a giant slab, anyway? :-b   

Blintzes. 

Mini waffles..omghwehghahfklhjsljgs I loved these. Added cinnamon (they keep the powdered cinnamon in a bowl, not a shaker.. so you can really glob it on like I did), walnuts, pecans, shredded coconut, and then drizzled with honey.. yummies.   

Vegetables, salads, sushi, fruits.  Everything fresh and ripe and beautifully displayed.

Pastries.  Chocolate filled eclair.  I fainted into bliss after the first one.  I grabbed a second one to go and bit into as I walked out the door (the people waiting in line did not look happy at my display of pastry tease).  They have tiramisu, cheesecake, key lime pie, cookies, carrot cake, brownies, frozen yogurt... but I repeat:  Everything tastes better here than at other buffets.  Culinary perfection!  The pastries are all mini sized, so it gives you a good opportunity to try several.

Someone else said that they're amazed how the food stays at the perfect "doneness", even though under a heat lamp.  DITTO!  Not sure how they do this, other than not cooking some things all the way through, but it's something other buffets should spy on.

$15 breakfast

$23 brunch

I forgot the dinner price, but I think it's around $35.  

Best bang for your buck, without sacrificing a quarter of an ounce of quality.笑
Had dinner here and nothing really special compared to Louisiana buffets.  King crab and snow crab are on the menu but they are served cold and almost frozen.  Louisiana casino buffets actually steam their crabs which I believe taste better.  Everything else on the buffet was just nasty or below standards in taste.  If it wasn't for the crabs, I'd give this place a 1 star.

Seems like all Vegas buffets suffer from the same disease, they are large in square footage but small in selections and high in price.  They are built for flash.笑
Went for brunch here. I was impressed at first... Then when you go back for a second plate and it's the same thing all around, you definitely wouldn't be impressed. The main thing I liked was the smoked salmon with cream cheese. The desserts wasn't all that either. And I looooove desserts. It was very busy and packed, the servers were pretty attentive so that was good.笑
We had lunch $41 per one person, it's still breakfast serve. Very little you can chose, it's not worse for the price. Don't come!! I will never come to this buffet for sure.笑
after seating in a rented minivan (i swear i will never ever get a minivan even if i become a soccer mom with 6 kids) for almost 5 hours, all i wanted was food and lots of it.  so i harassed and forced the girls to visit my favorite buffet place in the world, the bellagio buffet.  in vegas, everything is bigger than life itself and all things are done in true sin city style, so i metamorphosed into a pig and committed the sin of gluttony.  i must say avoid their sushi at all cost and the kobe bbq beef tastes rather like some cheap ass chicken, tough and dry.  however, the creme brulee was almost as good as ny plaza hotel's...yummy!!!

o i absolutely hate buffet, yet i tried almost every buffet in las vegas and nothing parallels to the bellagio one yet.  i wish people realize how bad buffet is...how it can make us fat and greedy and wasteful.  but then again, it's vegas and you do stuff you normally wouldn't, so ready to unbutton your pants and leave at least 2 hour gap in your schedule so you can truly enjoy the food and get your money's worth.笑
Please keep in mind this was my first time to any of the Las Vegas buffets. 

That being said, GOOD GOD LORD BABY JESUS SWEET ALLAH HOLY BUDDHA. It was everything I wanted and more. I came at 1pm and they still had breakfast food available! Since I came during the st paddy's day weekend, I had to pay the holiday lunch price(even though it wasn't st paddy's day) which was $35/person. Still not bad! It's an additional $12/person if you wanted unlimited domestic drinks/beers/bloody Mary's/mimosas. 

So anyways we got seated quickly and was able to get our food while our drinks were on the way. 

HIGHLY RECOMMEND: prime steak, eggs Benedict, eclair, strawberry tart, salad, pizza

I would stay away from their seafood as it wasn't that great but their selection is nonetheless GREAT. I would highly recommend this buffet to anyone looking to pig out in Vegas!笑
This was my first trip to the Bellagio buffet and at first glance it's overwhelming. When you pay the initial almost 50$ you think to yourself, I hope I can eat my monies worth. Well you can.... The food is simply Devine. From the juicy and succulent prime rib to the Kobe beef to the salmon and crab legs and shrimp.... YUMMY! There is enough food for you to try and like or dislike. The dessert station is heavenly also. You'll leave with a full belly and a slight ca of diabetes if you're not careful! Definitely going back when I'm in Vegas again!笑
Breakfast/Lunch was not all it was hyped up to be.... Just okay. Why would anyone add orange flavoring to flan?! Flan is already good the way it is.... Well, Bellagio just had to tweak every one of their dishes in such a way. They experimented with foods that were good simply just for being normal, and added extra ingredients which needed not to be there in the first place.
Mandalay Bay's buffet is much nicer/fancier. And I heard from a guest I met at The Buffet that Planet Hollywood's buffet is actually much better than Bellagio's....

I might go back but only to check out dinner. Breakfast was just, meh....笑
The food wasn't good at all . The place smells like a fish market. The plates smelled really bad. This buffet used to be the best. Sorry buts it's over priced and overrated.笑
Been to the Bellagio buffet multiple times before, and thought it was pretty good. My last visit was two years ago. Went back today and was seriously disappointed. There was nothing special about ANY of the food items. In fact, I'd say most dishes looked pretty unappetizing. The beef from the carving stations (3 varieties) was really subpar -- tough and bland. The crab legs were a lot less meaty than I remembered, and had so much ice in them it was hardly enjoyable. I will say that the desserts, for the most part, were really beautiful looking -- however, once you bite into one, you quickly realize that is was probably made the day before. A very disappointing experience, and I most likely will not be visiting this buffet again.笑
The buffet was pretty good however I believe it is way over priced for it's worth. The quality was nothing exceptional and the variety of food was decent but nothing out of the ordinary. It was $50 a person for dinner which is more than some other buffets that had higher ratings, such as the buffet at the Aria Hotel. But since it's the Bellagio, they can charge what they want and still have an overflow of customers. The wait to get in was about 45 minutes at 9:30 pm. There were quite a few open tables but the servers did not turn them around very quickly which caused the wait to be longer than it would have if they had more servers or a faster wait staff. The wait staff was not very friendly either and I did not feel like they really cared too much about waiting on us.笑
Perfect. Been to this buffet twice now and I have not had one bad item yet! The Bellagio is always changing up their buffet menu to cater to the diver crowd that stops by. When we were here last, we had a variety of food ranging from breakfast items, to Mediterranean, to seafood and different chicken and steaks. All four of us loved what they had to serve and the waitress was exceptionally sweet. We'll be back, for sure!笑
I like to come here on a friday right before dinner time so i can save money by paying for lunch price but get dinner entrees half an hour or so later. King crab is the star of the show here. Their snow crab is icy cold and split in half which i dont like. I absolutely love beef wellington but their recipe only gets two to three stars. Beef wellington is not that hard to make at a five star level. I can't believe they can't figure out how to make it better. This is the Bellagio, isn't it? Prime rib and kobe steak also need help.

All that said, i still come because the king crab and a few other items make it worth it to me.  But i hope the chefs read this and at the very least enhance their beef wellington recipe. Perhaps more mushroom pate duxelle and a Madeira gravy.笑
Pricey. But since we're there it was a easy buffet choice. you get the famous crab legs and some good seafood and nice meats. Italian food wasn't good. Deserts were okay. Overall 3 stars.笑
My favorite buffet in the world. I am a vegetarian and the salads at Bellagio are works of art. Such creativity and quality ingredients. This buffet manages to present true gourmet cuisine in a buffet. The freshness is outstanding.笑
Howzit!?

If you like Hawaiian Poke, The Buffet at Bellagio has a decent Shoyu Poke with Kukui Nuts.

Great selection. Taste is average to above average depends on what you select.

Notable dishes: Sea Bass, Beef Wellington, Roma Tomato soup, Hawaiian Shoyu Poke.

Good service.

Minimum 1 hour wait on Friday and Saturday nights.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio has better prime rib and desserts (flan and creme brulee!) than the Wicked Spoon in The Cosmopolitan, but the Wicked Spoon is a better value.笑
Okay my hubby and I keep trying all the buffets in Vegas thinking ONE has to live up to our standards... sigh... once again not coming back
Some things were okay and of course the selection is huge... the only real thing we enjoyed were the Mimosas for the Champagne Brunch.笑
If you like good food and are looking for a good buffet, the Bellagio Buffet is a perfect place to go.  So why only three stars?  

Well, first, giving any buffet 5 stars seems to equate it to other fine dining establishments.  Obviously, that isn't the case.  I mean, you don't see people in jeans or shorts stuffing themselves like they are going to the chair at a Michelin restaurant, so minus one star. 

Second, you can't rate the quality of a buffet based solely on the fact that they have crab legs and prime rib, so minus one star there.  While crab legs are good, barely thawed crab legs out of an industrial bucket "don't a good buffet make."    

In sum, the food (especially the desserts) is good and you will leave satisfied that you had a quality meal for a decent price.笑
Alrighty.  Here goes...

I am a Red Bull addict.  

Like, going on 5 years now.

Studying for the CPA (repeatedly) did that to me.  

But, where ELSE would you need it more than Vegas?!  So, that's why I had absolutely NO qualms about ordering a Red Bull at the Bellagio Buffet.  No shame.  Most memorable part?

It was $8.  

Sans vodka. 

But well, well worth it.  

Before ordering it, I was ready to knock out at the table.  We waited a good 45 min in line for dinner on a Saturday.  (Get in line early, people!)  So, I was pretty tired by the time we were actually seated.  But, you need alot of energy to walk around and admire all the food choices they have here! 

For around $40, you're treated to a feast full of:

+Salads
+Exotic Cheeses
+Sushi (sashimi even!)
+Fancy pizzas (pesto and shrimp;goat cheese and tomato)
+Shrimp cocktail and crab legs
+Pasta galore!
+Bao, Singapore Noodles, Orange Chicken
+Kobe beef
+ELK and OSTRICH, what?
+Duck, grilled chicken
+Interesting potato
+Every dessert imaginable (holler for that macaroon!)

I mean, can't you see why you'd need some sort of caffeine?   Hellllllo, food coma.  The saddest part is that I'm sure we would've lingered around longer...had we not been so interested in partaking in free drinks at the club.  Ahhhhhh, the beauty of free loading!笑
Arrive at 3:30 pm. Brunch price with two different meals (brunch and dinner) served while you are eating. Champagne brunch is an extra $6. Here are some highlights from my last visit: slabs of melt in your mouth meat (Kobe beef, lamb and ribs), hand made spicy tuna rolls, Carmel flan, chocolate mouse, amazing lemon tart thing with meringue, chocolate covered strawberries, lobster ravioli with asparagus, cocktail shrimp, king crab legs and of course the smoked salmon. 

For a buffet veteran, my advice, take a bit of everything and try things out for size. Then go back for more.笑
We ate here 8 years ago and man was it great and memorable.  Now 8 years later it seems The Buffet has had it's share of downfalls when it comes to the quality and taste of the food.

Selections were a bit common and nothing that stood out from everyday fare.  Nice thing is that the prices have dropped tremendously.笑
This is probably the gold-standard of Las Vegas buffets. I'm not counting Bally's Sterling brunch (which I haven't tried) because it's in its own class (caviar, lobster...and roughly triple the cost). I've certainly tried the buffets at Paris, Wynn, Rio, and a few others, but Bellagio is the one I keep coming back to.

On my most recent visit, I was particularly happy with the very obviously freshly squeezed orange juice (other places still use those Minute Maid machine juices), and with the spicy tuna handrolls that are made to order.

I won't go on and on about the wide variety and quality of food; just know that if you're going to have a buffet while you're in Vegas, go to the Bellagio one.笑
For the money you are paying - don't bother.  Any off-strip buffet i.e., The Orleans, Texas Station, etc. offers the same quality for a lot cheaper.  We were there 12/16/11 and just about ALL the food was cold, the meats were tough, including the Kobe sirloin, the desserts were so bad, the kids didn't even bother after the first try.  My husband who is the food version of a clean-up batter, left hungry.  The layout was chaotic.  You were crammed in like sardines.  The service was horrible and we had to change out silverware and napkins because they were dirty!!!!!  And for a gourment buffet, they offered items like macaroni and cheese, cold crab legs that were literally pieces of ice, clam chowder soup, several types of pizza (which were good but I can get that cheaper at a pizza joint), sushi that was good but not fantastic, etc. 

 If you want an excellent gourmet buffet, go to the Wicked Spoon.  Same price but the experience will be 100x better.  I promise.笑
For the price tag that this buffet has, it's not too shabby! I came here with my boyfriend and his family during lunch and luckily there was no wait and it wasn't overly crowded when we got inside. The food was always well stocked, the servers were attentive, and the quality of the food was surprisingly good. I'm not a fan of buffets so when I say it's good, I mean it's gooooood. 

STACK UP ON: 
- Flank steak: sweet like kbbq yet smoky like carne asada
- Pizza: thin crust but pretty good for buffet pizza
- Chilled shrimp: big shrimps that are already peeled so you'll spend more time eating
- Clam chowder: filled with clams and potato but has a nice creamy texture too
- Bacon/scrambled eggs/sausage: if you go during the times of brunch, this might be available and if you're a fan of breakfast too, get it! 
- Cheesecake: there's a thin layer of cream on top of the actual cheesecake so beware if you're not a fan of cream
- Pecan pie: boyfriend's brother really enjoyed eating this and said it was good

SKIP: 
- Pasta: you have the choice of either marinara or white/cheese (?) sauce but they are very bland and didn't stand out
- Marinated pork bun/cha sieu bao: texture of the meat doesn't resemble the taste of those from dim sum and although the taste is close, it's not close enough for me to enjoy eating it
- Fruits: watermelon, honey dew, and cantaloupe weren't very sweet, sadly

The amount of good food outweighed the not-so-good so I would definitely make another stop here on my next Vegas trip. I didn't notice any crab legs or oysters but maybe that's during dinner time only?笑
Dear Jessica L. or Jessica R. of the BUFFET at BELLAGIO, 

While I appreciate your sincere corporate cut and paste apology,  I cant help but feel quite the opposite of your intention. 

It doesn't  really matter (to me) that you will take any of my comments into consideration when making improvements cause let's face it, I STILL paid an ADULT price for a finicky 6 year old ( who barely eats) to dine at your establishment which wasn't exactly cheap for sub-par food. Your sincere apology doesn't reverse the time or effort wasted on my search for the best buffet for my birthday trip to Vegas nor does it really do anything but cover your corporate end of accountability. 

For future reference and "improvements" try making up for the fumble as opposed to an "I'm sorry we sucked but oh well for you, at least our future patrons will be happy" apology "letter." 

I can't help but feel like my short end of the stick got just a little bit shorter after reading your sincere apology.笑
Had a great time with the service and quality of food at the Bellagio Casino. The wait was minimal and our server Martha V. Was awesome. She waited on us and we did not have to flag her down. Very professional and attentive service. The variety and quality of food was  wonderful. They had everything I could ask for and for the lunch price of $27 it was well worth it. Spare ribs, flank steak, to order omolet as I got there during transition. Will definitely try to come back when visiting Las Vegas.笑
Yelp challenge 2016 (84/100)

I have been to a lot of buffets in my short life and this buffet has to be one of my top buffets . Places like Caesars Palace have a big price tag and a very fancy set up , but most of their food is very mediocre . Of course this place serves your tradition crab legs ( always good ) and prime rib ( above average ) . In addition you can get sushi , sashimi , and handrolls along with caviar , steak tartar , or wagyu beef . The dessert is quality too . The only reason why I say his buffet is worth the $40 price tag is because it serves expensive food that you usually don't get in one sitting . Come early to beat the food rush . Bring friends as always , and fuck shit up . If you read my reviews or follow me , you are a true homie . My food adventures are always honest . I don't mess with that whole hype this up cause I'm nice笑
The bad: Rude greeter, limited choice with the exception of desserts.

The good: What's available is of the highest quality, delicious desserts.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive.笑
Hubby, our 10 year old son and myself kept hearing how this was the best buffet in town.  Not!  What a huge disappointment.  Will never go back.  Grant it we went for lunch, maybe this was the problem?  There are no kids prices to start with,  told them my son eats a slice of pizza, I was not going to spend almost thirty dollars with tip for a slice of pizza.  I then said he will not eat.  I was told we would not be seated unless we paid  full price for him.  Mind you this was after we waited in line for 45 minutes.  We paid for him so we could be seated,  after lunch called the manager over and received a full refund for him.  This place was dark and dingy.  My husband who like most men does not complain and will eat anything, looked at me and said this place sucks!   Why did we come here?  I asked myself the same question.  Maybe dinner is better, but still doesn't take away the place has a real dingy feel to it.  We will stay with the Wynn or Aria buffet.笑
After taking an poll on Facebook asking if I should go to Cesears, Bellagio or Wynn, it was tied for all three buffets.  But since my friend wanted to play at Bellagio it was just easier if we came here to eat.  Coming on a Saturday night for dinner had no issues getting in which was a first for me since Bachannel and Wynn typically have a wait.  Once we were seated our waiter came by and quickly got our drinks.

I would say for atmosphere, that this is probably the oldest restaurant of the three and it shows.  I don't let that factor into my rating since we all know that its all about the food in the end.  And while the food here isn't bad, it isn't as up to par as some other the other new comers.  I had come here as a kid and absolutely loved it but now as an adult I would say that everything here is merely average (but you also pay less).  Nothing I ate was particularly memorable but nothing bad either.  There was a caviar station there but the little bread pieces were overly stale.  The prime rib is comparable to other buffets as well as the crab leg station.笑
Yum. I want to go right now.

I was on vacation here in February. I made a few dinner reservations, but left some nights open in case we saw something we wanted to try. One of those places turned out to be the Bellagio Buffet, thank god.

The line was insanely long, but a server came out and asked if anyone minded sitting at the bar, they could take you immediately. I shot my hand up, and off we went, cutting everyone. You get the same exact experience at the bar, maybe even better. Your soda is filled up pronto! Who needs a server here, it's a buffet!

The food was really good. I loved the beef selections, unique pizzas, pesto pasta, and dessert section. My boyfriend stuffed himself with fish that I can't spell. We loved this place so much, that we came back again 2 days later. We knew what we really liked, so it was less of a stuff our face event the second time around.

For $32 per person, a huge selection of delicious food, and pleasant service, it was awesome. I often find myself sitting and thinking about this place...笑
We went for a Sunday brunch at the Bellagio with a lot of expectations. I read the reviews before which recommended this buffet for vegetarians.

We got there around noon and the line wasn't bad. We got seated within 15 minutes. Our server was nice and attentive. 

I was expecting at least 6-7 veggie options since I know they catered more for meat lovers but all I got was lo mein  noodles, asian style french beans and a miso soup which were good. I tried the pesto potato mash which was OK. Needed a little more flavor. They had a veggie pizza that didn't look appealing. There was a salad bar too but I didn't care for it.

I was hoping the desserts section might have more variety but I was disappointed again. They had very few options; key lime tart, pecan squares, tiramisu n NY cheesecake, strawberry tart. The only dessert I cared for was the chocolate mousse. No ice cream, gelato, coffee, macaroons or other desserts that other buffets offer.

I wouldn't recommend this place for vegetarians or for someone looking for good desserts. Try the other places that have more options especially since you are paying so much for brunch and the options are less.笑
This is not your average buffet. It is fresh food cooked correctly and the choices are not the cheap cuts like most buffet places.  This place has everything.
Prime rib, lamb, chicken, ham, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Pizza, good sushi, Greek, Thai, Indian, veggies, all kinds of potatoes, good salads, soups and desserts.  The quality of the food is top notch and far from buffet fare.  
We had dinner there but I hear the breakfast and brunch is great too.  Next time I will check it out.笑
Disappointing.  Although the choices were plentiful, the hot food was cold and too greasy.笑
Out of all the buffets I've had in my life (there were quite a few...considering I grew up in Reno), this one is most definitely the best.  Although, that might be attributed to the fact that I tend to sample different foods as opposed to "stuff myself silly" at buffets now.  Regardless, the quality of food is great and is only surpassed by the variety of desserts that are offered.  My personal favorite that they offer is the mini belgian waffle.  YUM.  I can't get enough of those.  The cocktails available are equally as tasty!笑
This is probably the best buffet I've ever been to (both in and out of Vegas). The price point is fair ($24/person for lunch on the weekdays), the variety is vast, and the quality is superior. As a pescatarian, my food options are more limited than most others, but they have a great selection of food for me (more so than Caesar's Palace) and boy, do I love the sushi service! Although their selection of cut rolls is limited (most contain imitation crab meat), they serve poke (both salmon and spicy tuna) and made-to-order hand rolls during dinner time - I've never had this sort of luxury at a buffet before! To top it off, they even serve caviar to make you feel like you're part of the 1%. Aside from the sushi, there's a salad station, Asian station, pizza station, carving station (prime rib for lunch, beef Wellington for dinner - my boyfriend's favorite), and a variety of seafood (including a station for shrimp cocktail and crabs), among others. They also have a great selection of desserts, from macarons to eclairs to creme brulee (my personal favorite!). I simply cannot name all of the options they have because the variety is so vast, but I am drooling thinking about the last time I dined there.

Surprisingly, there wasn't a line the 2 times I've gone, but wait is much shorter and more enjoyable than the one at Caesar's Palace. Moreover, the service was super friendly and attentive. I would highly recommend this buffet to anyone visiting Vegas!笑
i went to rio carnival, paris buffet, and spice market buffet. bellagio's buffet is by far tastier! the food selection is definitely unique. there is cracked alaskan king crab and regular cracked crabs, peeled cocktail shrimp, oxtail soup, various sushi, and meats. my favorite buffet in vegas. i didnt try wynn but i wish i did just so i can compare the tastes. the price is up there but its vegas so im not surprised! the line wasnt too long since i came on a monday night. the dinner was prob a few bucks cheaper than coming on the weekend for dinner. it took us less than an hour to get seated. my waiter was okay . he didnt really check on us and didnt offer refills. we had to almost hunt him down!! this one is definitely worth the experience!笑
Steadily going downhill. The only reason this gets 4 instead of 3 is because of the inclusion of the ostrich, which I have never had before and is shockingly good. It's like duck! In a steak! 

Drink service on the night we went was fairly poor by Vegas standards.

Highlights continue to be the ample sushi selection and the carvery. The salad and dessert bar are lagging behind the times. For the price, I think the M Buffet is a better deal - almost similar quality of items plus free alcohol. For quality, Wynn Buffet is really starting to pull ahead.笑
Actually 3.5 but I'll be nice. The buffet is very pricy at $37/pp dinner and really I did not see so much variety and no prepared to order items like the Pasta station at the Mirage at $31/pp and you can get tix 4 tonight discount there (I have no association with them). Anyway the prime rib was very nice and the desserts good. I honestly found nothing exceptional though I wish I would at Bellagio as I am always impressed with the property.

Also their servers bring you beverages which I know may be nice, but is not as flexible as other Vegas buffets that offer drink stations where you can experiment. I know my kids, on a previous Vegas visit, enjoyed the push button soda station at Cravings.  Also I would not say their service was so prompt or their removal of empty plates.笑
Love this buffet! Plenty of seafood choices (grilled seabass, sashimi) & great dessert selection! Impressed macaroons collection.笑
I tried to go for dinner but was told it would be at least a two-hour wait. So I went to Cafe Bellagio instead which was really good.

For the second try, I went at 10:30 am to stand in line for lunch. 'Only' waited 40 minutes.

Unfortunately, I went to the Wynn Buffet the day before which made Bellagio Buffet look weak. The quality of food really isn't that great. It gives the impression of an upgraded (choice of food) Hometown Buffet. I'm sorry if it sounds harsh but in all honesty it really does.

Also you can tell by the people who come to eat here that for some things you really get what your money is worth. 

I'm not going to come back to Bellagio Buffet... sorry folks.笑
The trick is to get here at odd hours to avoid waiting in line.  For instance, on new years day around 11:30 am for brunch when the rest of Vegas is still sleeping or just going to bed. Who knew you could have prime rib for breakfast?  and crab legs and cocktail shrimp!  Yum.  I tried hot chocolate there for the first time too and it was really good.  Hot chocolate with crab?  yeah... that's my new brunch combo... 

Anyway, I've been here several times, meaning everytime I go to Vegas, we end up eating here.  Once I think I waited two hours to eat dinner and didn't get in until 10 pm!  That was on my birthday so it was a bit dissappointing and I was faint before we got in.

The food is usually good when I go.  Desserts are good.  Prime rib - ah.. I love prime rib.  Well I still don't know why we bother paying so much money to stuff ourselves.  I end up running to the gym (or the bathroom) after eating so much....笑
I truly enjoyed the food at this place; the price is good too. $27 for brunch. The line was not long; we got there around noon for lunch. I think most ppl in Vegas are doing the 24hour buffet pass. For unlimited champagne, it's an extra $5.

They have a good variety of selections and types of foods: sushi, sashimi, pasta, american food, different meats. I love that the shrimp cocktails were large and the sauce was so zestfully satisfying.  I do wish they had crab legs for lunch though. The desserts were good, but I like Paris's better.

I left that place happy, full, and wanting more shrimp cocktails :)笑
I came here in mid April with friends and I was extremely impressed with both the food as well as the service.  

I had two challenges coming into this--I am a picky eater and I had given up bread and sweets for Lent. I was worried about having enough options since I usually don't care for buffets, but figured that if I had a mimosa at all times, everything would be okay.  

This ended up being my favorite buffet of all time.  Laura, our server was AWESOME.  She was very friendly and made sure that our glasses were always topped off.  She filled my glass so many times that I started to suspect that she was trying to take advantage of me.

Some of the highlights for me were the pesto mashed potatoes and the pineapple fried rice.  I had many other things that I can't think of at the moment that were also yummy.  I couldn't have the waffles, but my boyfriend and friends loved them.  I think the desserts were a mixed bag in speaking with my group.  There's always soft-serve if all else fails.

I agree with everyone who said that this is MUCH BETTER than the Wynn.  The Wynn is very overrated and overpriced.  I was surprised that this buffet was as cheap as it is.  I would have gladly paid more.

Will DEFINITELY return on my next visit to Vegas.笑
Food was all good even tho I'm not much of a buffet person.  Good quality.  Went there for dinner and their sea bass was very good!

Didn't like the long wait to get in tho!笑
The food is decent, but not worth the price of admission, in my opinion. I much prefer the buffet at Wynn - better taste, better presentation, better ambiance.笑
Date: November 20, 2009
Good: Variety of all different types of food to try as well as the deserts.
Bad: $30 per person and food was average. 
Summary: If you want to try a wide range of dishes from different parts of the earth without going to many resurants this will work for you. If you want a specific type of dinner that is beyond average look somewhere else that specializes in it.笑
The buffet at Bellagio was better as a kid.
I recently visited again, a few years later, and thought "that's all they have?" And also I guess because we went for brunch, the omelet kitchen was close and so were some stations. I did not think it deserved the 25 per person we paid for, but maybe dinner would be better.

But the all you can eat crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktail, and sushi were great!笑
Dear Buffet: WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU???!!!

This was always one of my favorite Vegas buffets....seriously, what happened?  Still in the same beautiful hotel, still have the same long line with 1 hr+ wait...but where's the great tasting food I remembered?? :( I was really really disappointed the last time I was here. I did not enjoy any of the food I got: not the prime rib, not the sushi (there was no sashimi so that was -10 stars lol), not the seafood, not the dessert, not anything =I

Le Sigh
I guess this is goodbye, it's not you, it's me. No wait, it IS you.笑
BEST. BUFFET. VEGAS. 

That's it. All the buffets in Vegas has a ridiculous selection of food. Bellagio Buffet is no different. However, the QUALITY of the food is what makes them BETTER. 

Everything tastes GREAT. YUMMY. DELICIOUS. And with other buffets... the food tastes cheap... you get a sore tummy afterwards, and you want to (excuse my language) take a crap when you get back to the room.

Salads, cheeses, fruit, asian, italian, american, seafood, carving station, desserts, etc etc... 

There's too much to list. YOU HAVE TO EAT AT THIS BUFFET. It's worth it!!! You won't be disappointed!笑
Long long line so plan ahead. Good selection. Food was fresh and tasted good. It's a huge dining area with lots of congestion! The price was a bit high but then you are in the Bellagio!笑
The use of the word gourmet is false advertising here. My wife and I were deeply disappointed with our visit to this buffet. We came in Easter Sunday and paid an increased price and hoped it would be worth it and it was not. The food was bland and not in any way fresh. There were several dishes that were empty. It was so crowded you could barely move and lines built up around the meat area. I found the over all dish options to be disappointing. The only thing decent was the dessert options. The rest was just meh. Not at all worth the price. Nothing is more disappointing then being really excited about something and being completely let down.笑
Compared to the other buffets I've been to in Vegas, (MGM, Ballys, Wynn, Rio, and Paris) Bellagio is hands down.. THE BEST..

My plates consisted of prime rib, kobe, mashed potatoes, sausage penne pasta, sausage fried rice, aanndd...more steak/meat..  I would've gotten 3rd and 4th helpings but my dress was preventing me from breathing so I had to cut myself off.. :( NEXT TIME... I'm wearing loose sweats and a big top!!

OH!  It was my first time trying Ostrich... not a fan... I also tried their lamb, which I didn't like but I'm not a fan of lamb to begin with... friends said lamb was dry, tho.

My favorite dessert items were the chocolate covered strawberries (HUGE STRAWBERRIES!!) and the mocha/coffee flavored pudding in mini wine glasses.  Wynn buffet, I think, has more of a selection but I like the flavors/quality of this dessert bar alot better.

$45 is nothing compared to the other crazy expensive places you could dine at on the Strip and it's all you can eat.  

Can't WAIT to come back... in proper buffet attire.笑
Awesome buffet, crab legs and chocolate eclairs are the tits.笑
Came here with such high, high expectations but I was pretty disappointed. The food wasn't terrible, but nothing was amazing. I felt let down!

The main problem I've identified with the food: none of it tastes fresh. All of it looks nice and hot sitting under heat lamps, but once you take it back to your table to eat, all of the food is lukewarm at best. This goes especially for the meat items - prime rib, kobe sirloin steak, ribs, etc. I was excited to try the Chilean sea bass, but it was overcooked and dry, with a fishy (not fresh) scent. as for the dessert bar, I spotted macarons and jumped for joy - until I bit into one and realized it was as dry as the Vegas desert air. And, the most disappointing of all - the Alaskan king crab legs, which I was sooooo looking forward to. It's nice that they're cracked for you, but they were so icy that I could only taste chunks of ice at one point. Meh...

Our service was pretty friendly, tho and I did like a few items: Caesar salad, chocolate covered strawberries. I've heard so much about how this is the best buffet in Vegas, so maybe they were just having an off day...

Tip: Come at 3-3:30pm and pay the $25 lunch price. Dinner starts at 4pm, so they'll change the plates to hot, fresh (relatively "hot" and "fresh") foods right in front of you. You can then enjoy the $35 dinner for the $25 lunch price!笑
Price was higher for Christmas season, around $37 for adults and children over 4 years old, which I didn't like.  Juice or soft drinks are included but Champagne will cost another $12/person.  Food was fine except the king crab legs were still frozen so they thawed all over the plate and table, making a mess of everything.  You could squeeze 1/8 cup of water from each leg and it dripped all over the cocktail sauce and food.  Now the shrimps on the other hand were delicious as was the raw salmon with capers and red onion as sides to put on a bagel.  In fact most people probably didn't notice the small pieces of smoked trout and yellowfin tuna by the salmon but they were excellent.  

There were lots of selections including prime rib for breakfast if you prefer meat.  The rice congee was bland but nice if you have a hangover.  The dim sum looked stale.  The cheese was alright but only a couple selections offered.  There was Asian food and the thin egg noodle chow mien was good.  I enjoyed the mixed fruit salad with or without a light cream sauce.  There were lots of breads and some crackers.  I tried nearly every one of the 7 or 8 small desert bites.  A couple were delicious like the mini Pecan Pie or the cheesecake.  The Tiramisu cake wasn't worth the two bites offered.  I really like the small portion idea since I hate to waste food.  

I wish I could compare this buffet with others but it took us over 24 hours to recover from the expensive bill, the rich food and overeating lots of foods that don't necessarily compliment each other.  We didn't eat another buffet the entire stay and couldn't be too far from a bathroom for a day or so after eating here.  If I had it to do over again I think I'd eat at Cesar's or the Aria buffet but this one was fine with lots of choices for everyone and our waitress was very polite and offered us several refills of juice.  There was no line when we went at around 9am in the morning.笑
I came here for brunch and had to wait in a long line. After we finished eating, we found that the line had gotten even longer. Overall, I was not impressed with brunch. Dinner is much better, but also more costly. I went to the Wynn and Wicked Spoon lunch buffets the days before I went here, so I was way spoiled by the selection those other places had. This buffet has the atmosphere of a cafeteria, which is a total disconnect from this high and mighty establishment. And although I don't mind, our servers were not as personal as other comparable buffets.

Lunch starts around 12 or 1 and that's when the next set of menu items are set out. This would include sushi, seafood, and some roasted meats. But even for brunch, there were some meaty dishes. There was stir fry, prime rib, and miso soup. I liked that there were rice porridge with fixings as well. All the standard offerings of fruit, eggs, breads, pastries, oatmeal were there too. The desserts were lackluster.

The bottomless champagne for $5 is a good deal, but all that bubbly will take room in stomach too, so beware! We made our own mimosas by asking for orange juice, but the orange juice served here is not pulp-free. The grapefruit juice is pretty good though.笑
I had a good time at this buffet, but mainly because I was tipsy off of unlimited mimosas!
Lunch price is about $25 with about $13 for unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's/etc.. Everything was decent, nothing special. They did have prime rib, which was good. It's definitely lacking in the variety/creativity factor when comparing to other buffets. 
We stayed until around 3 or 4 and they finally brought out the crab legs and shrimp!! No oysters though.
All in all, a satisfying meal that still got me super stuffed!笑
We went here for breakfast. The smoked salmon was tasty, but the scrambled eggs and potatoes were so cold! I ventured over to try the eggs Benedict since the scrambled eggs were cold. Eggs Benedict were even colder! Pretty dang disappointing for a $70 breakfast for two!! :(笑
Had breakfast there on a Tuesday at about 9:30 AM. No wait at all. It ended up being lunch and dinner as well. We didn't need to eat again all day! 
The service was quite good. Iced coffee rocks! Fresh squeezed OJ. The Benedict Florentine was great, spinach crape, smoked salmon, chicken satay were some favorites. 
It was quite good overall, not out of this world good, but for $19 at Bellagio, a great meal. I would definitely return.笑
We can for dinner as we arrived to Vegas. I just remember it being cheap but forgot that the selection is limited. 

Their food is dry and not so tasty. Dessert looks good, but not enough to get me back here ever again.笑
Wow! This is the best tasting, largest, most impressive buffet I have ever eaten. So many choices and so many high end foods that one does not usually find in a buffet: prime rib, crab legs, premium cheeses, a variety of veg, even grilled. So many things to eat, you cannot even sample a bit of everything. Elegantly displayed with chocolate carvings and such. Negatives bit pricey, there are the long lines and the irritating VIP service where other patrons are allowed to cut in line ahead of those who have waited longer. Rude and off-putting. I'd expect more from a resort like this and I would never feel comfortable taking advantage of others by using the VIP service.笑
Everyone comes to this buffet because they think " I cant go wrong with Bellagio! "

Think again, buster!!! This place is nothing but average. The only thing that maybe let me lift up an eye was the spicy tuna handroll. The roast beef was not bad and same with shrimp cocktail, but aren't these served at every buffet in the strip?

The food was nothing special. There was a shitload of breads, pizzas, pastas, mashed-potatoes type stuff. Honestly, this food is stuff you can find at your typical pizza joint or olive garden.

So unless you just want to get a bite to eat, I wouldn't go here expecting "good food."

I'd say the wynn or the mandalay bay buffets are slightly better/nicer.笑
Lots of variety of food with seafood, sushi, pasta, chinese food, etc.  The prime rib was good! However, I didn't think the food was anything spectacular and for $30, it was a bit overpriced. I ate less than two plates and was full, definitely did not get my money's worth.  Then again, I'm not much of a buffet person. Also, the buffet may have been hyped up too much by my friends, so my expectations were a little high.

I did like the service.  A kind lady would stop by pretty often asking us if we needed anymore drinks and refills.

In the end, my friend and I left feeling a little disappointed.笑
Ah the buffet at Bellagio, what else is there to say. Our first time blew us out of the water and that was 16 years ago. And now, let's just say it will be our favorite always. We have enjoyed breakfast, lunch and dinner there and each time was great.  First let me tell you of variety, makes my mouth water just thinking of all the delicious entrees set before me. Station after station of scrumptious delights and perfectly prepared meats and poultry. Dishes to satisfy every taste and to complete the meal, endless desserts created to entice and memorize. Fresh seafood creations, prime rib, succulent roasted lamb, chicken done many ways and much more. Side dishes freshly made to compliment and complete each entree. Sweet king crab legs, fat juicy chilled shrimp and a sashimi and sushi bar displaying talents of masters of preparation, all at the taking. Service is always friendly and attentive but with just enough space to enjoy at your own pace. At times while staying at Bellagio the question of where to dine have been simplified by staying in house and enjoying their buffet. It has never let us down. Don't be deterred by the length of the line, it goes fast and worth the wait. I can truely say that we have tried all of the surrounding buffets including bachanal and jubilee. But Bellagio will always be our  best choice. Bon appetite笑
Staying at the Bellagio and went to this place with my husband. Customer service is horrible - except Mr Carlo behind the crab legs/craw fish area. The quality of food is sub par for the hotel. The crab legs were cold and watered down. Plain gross!!!笑
We came here for celebrating our first dine out thanksgiving. We waited for 3 hours which was understandable . But the pricey charge did not match pricey quality. Kinda of disappointed.笑
This place is overly hyped!  Maybe I've been to better buffets, or the line was just too long and same for the wait.  I had their Sunday Brunch.  Though I left full, I was truly disappointed.笑
The lunch buffet ran about $30 but there's a great selection of food. As other reviewers have stated, beef wellington and crab legs are not served at lunch. I was expecting neither so I was not disappointed. I haven't had the pleasure of staying at the Bellagio yet but we were lucky they take peasants in off the street. A quick glance at the place and the clientele and it was obvious we weren't at the Golden Corral. The buffet selection was bomb...shrimp, steak, pasta, sushi and several things that were delicious even though I'm not sure what they were. For the price and the overall experience it's a recommended stop.笑
Food is delicious, but the right hand doesn't know what the left is doing when it comes to seating people. They seem confused. However, the chefs know exactly what they're doing. When I do a buffet, I normally go to the M Resort Buffet and the Bacchanal Buffet. To me, Bellagio's buffet was just as good.笑
Very average buffet by Vegas standards. There is no crab legs for lunch during weekdays... even the Asian selection is pathetic compared to other $30 Vegas buffets. Honestly overrated. Should be 2.5 stars max, no way it's 3.5 stars.笑
HUGE disappointment. We came here for brunch. First of all, for $44 I expect perfection. I am giving 2 stars for the hand made spicy tuna rolls and pesto mash. Besides those items, everything else was disappointment. I've had better $20 buffets in Los Angeles. 

Service was great. Let me shine light on the food: eggs were weirdly wet, eggs benedict was over cooked, crab legs were super cold and had little flavor, dressings and sauces were very far from their dish pairings (unorganized, hard to find sauces to pair with items like prime rib and ketchup for eggs), sushi was cheap and not very fresh (minus the hand made tuna rolls). 

Yes they have some perks, like the omelette bar, but the rest of the food was so-so and not worth $44 for brunch buffet. NOT AT ALL.笑
This is my first and last time eating at this buffet. I had really high expectations about the food here and I walked out feeling super disappointed. What's even worse is I brought my dad here for dinner to celebrate his birthday and he was also not impressed. My dads diet only limits him to eating chicken and it turned out the buffet did not serve any sort of chicken dish which was astonishing. My dad was only able to eat some turkey and vegetables and that was it. Totally not worth the amount of money I spent that night. I would say the food overall was decent and tasty for the most part. I loved their creamed spinach and Kobe prime rib. I would say they dominated on their dessert portion mainly because I tried their tiramisu and sugar free cheesecake and both were sinfully delightful. The Bellagio hotel is beautiful and exquisite to visit in Vegas. However, if you are looking for a buffet with all the trimmings I wouldn't recommend the buffet at the Bellagio. You're better off with some of the other buffets that's offered on the strip.笑
Teueres Buffet, allerdings lohnt sich der Preis. Es gibt praktisch alles, und damit meine ich wirklich alles.
Desweiteren sind alle Speisen sehr gut zubereitet. 

Als wir dort waren hatten wir auch keine Probleme mit der Wartezeit.....
Wirklich zu empfehlen!!!笑
Back in the day this used to be THE buffet to go to. I was excited to try it again  but was very disappointed. I enjoyed eating the raw rish, but some of the other food didn't taste very fresh. The meat options were also tough and overcooked. The caviar bar was underwhelming and they limit you to 3 small servings per each visit to the area. As vegas buffets go, for the price I'd much rather spend my time eating at wicked spoon or bacchanal.笑
Went for brunch with a big group of friends. I really liked this Buffet too! Desserts ... eat all the desserts. Won't seat you until your whole group is there. Charges 18% gratuity on big parties. If you don't want to wait 2 hours for Bacchanal you could wait 2 hours for the Bellagio!笑
Most recent visit: 12/2007, Dinner- $39.95+tax, Special Holiday Menu (Christmas to New Year's) includes Kobe Beef, rack of lamb, Christmas goose, etc. as headliners.

Seems like the quality has gone down just a tad bit since the holiday menu from 2004, but the experience was still very satisfying.  I do remember the long wait, but luckily my friends thought ahead and went there around 4pm and we waited only 30mins.

Some favorites from the last meal...
Appetizer: Smoked salmon with a touch of sweet red onion jam
Soup: Lobster consomme with lobster dumplings
Pasta: Portobello mushroom ravioli with truffle sauce
Sushi: Hand rolled spicy tuna temaki, individually made to order
Seafood: Alaskan king crab legs (Equal in quality with Wynn)
Veggies: Roasted zucchini & peppers from skewers
Meat: Rack of lamb (Kobe beef was actually a bit tough)
Dessert: Half white & half dark chocolate dipped strawberries

Each time that I've visited Vegas, I believe I've stepped foot in this buffet since it has opened, whether for breakfast/lunch 'rollover' or holiday dinner.  For the occasional visitor, this is worth the stop as long as the wait isn't outrageous and cost isn't too much of a deterrence. 

Food: 4/5
Ambiance: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Value: 2/5笑
Great selection of uniformly tasteless and mediocre food. Expensive for what you get. Most of the food tasted like it was cooked in a far off factory and shipped there to be warmed up. No character, no pizazz. I expected better from the Bellagio. A poor value for the money. Definitely avoid.笑
Not as many options as the buffet next door at Caesars Palace's Buffet but a much better set up. I ate both breakfast and lunch here during my stay. Each has a lot of good options to choose from and the price is very fair for the amount and quality of food you get.笑
The place is fine but definitely not outstanding.  I was not impressed by any single item. However it does have a large selection of fruits and deserts.  I don't understand the concept of ice-cold crab legs in Vegas. You can literally chew ice crystals from these crab legs, not a huge fan. In my opinion, this buffet is not the best but not the worst either.笑
Pesto mashed potatoes. Yuuuuummmmmmm.

I like that at the Bellagio, even though it costs maybe another $5 than other buffets on the Strip, you get unlimited Mimosas, a great selection of all-you-can-eat (especially fresh fruits) and some interesting food combinations for a brunch buffet, like those pesto mashed potatoes. This is one of the best buffets in Vegas and my personal favorite.笑
First and foremost, the price.  $86.00 for two.  We were stunned.  We did not know the price going in, had limited time, were staying at Bellagio and figured it would be the least expensive dining option inside the hotel.  Not so sure about that now! In our minds, I think we had the price at $50-60 for two. 

My thought on buffets--generally not a fan and prefer a more intimate dining experience.  I have referred to buffets as "trough feeding" and stick to the description.  Unless you have a huge appetite and a super amped digestive system, it's doubtful you'll be able to eat $86 worth.  AND, the receipt says "Thank you for keeping your dining experience under two hours" so they're not wanting you to stay long and go in for third and fourth rounds. 

Back to the buffet at hand.  Twelve food stations, beautiful fresh fruit, plentiful salad bar and desserts to die for.  The selections were good--prime rib, boiled shrimp on ice, crab legs, salmon, and every other meat you can imagine.  I even saw Yorkshire pudding! The food was good, the stations were efficient and well arranged and it was not a problem at all to get in and out under their suggested two hour window.  

The price just sticks in my craw.  The only other buffet I have paid that kind of money for is the Sunday Brunch at Grove Park Inn. That IS an experience and it is worth the money.  This--not so much.笑
This buffet isn't as good as everyone says it is. The selection of food was vast, but the quality of food was poor. It's quality over quantity in my book. The food was cold, the fish was fishy, and the staff doesn't speak English well. For the price per person, you are much better off at an actual restaurant. I don't know why this place is made out to be so superb. The food looks delicious, but it is deceiving. The food is, in fact, quite repulsing. Don't bother standing in the hour and a half line for this place.笑
Given the fail that beset us at Wicked Spoon, we had to rectify that problem the next day, lest we have the stench of disgust linger over us until the next time we came to Vegas.I know Bellagio's buffet ain't the best, but it was the closest to Cosmo.

Been here plenty of times over the years and not much has changed. You got your carvery that has all the good meat options, which even on this buffet's worst day you can always count on. You got pretty much everything else in terms of food options, and of course when you come on a weekend you have the standard breakfast options. Hey, you know what you get here and you don't leave disappointed.笑
Absolutely the worst buffet ever . The food here sucks ASS !!!!! I have been to many casino buffets and this is by far . Straight shitty ! It might have been an off night .
However I tried a little of everything and nothing was remotely palatable!  Oh well gave it a try and that's all I can  say.  Buyer beware  !!!!
And yes I stayed at the Bellagio for 4 nights during this trip . Great place . The Buffet. . . Sucks Balls .笑
We stayed over 2 hours to pace ourselves. We had a table near the caviar/sushi and seafood. What luck! It was the weekend for dinner around 3:30 when we left Bellagio with a late check out. Very small line to be seated. Wish we could have eaten more everything was sooooo good!!! I thought everything was prepared pretty well for buffet food and not a bad price. The manager was near our table communicating with staff and seemed to be on top of everything which was reassuring. Our drinks were filled and plates removed promptly. Everything was fresh and clean. We really enjoyed ourselves. I can't think of a bad thing about it except it's makes me hungry just thinking about it!!! Lol笑
Best buffet we have been to.

My boyfriend and I ended up going here for dinner. I had to convince him so much to stay in a ridiculous line. We waited 45 minutes. I really wish they would take reservations for normal dinners (I know there's the special dinner you can make a reservation for but I'm not about to fork over $100+ for buffet for two). The long wait and the lack of normal reservation what I took off a star.

Food itself was a great quality. They are better than some of the non-buffet restaurants around town. I loved that the crabs were pre-opened so all I had to do was scoop them with my fork to eat without messiness. I definitely had way too much food for my body to handle. I was on food coma for hours after. Dessert was amazing. Consumed too many and probably gained 10 pounds from dessert alone. It serves expensive food choices where you would pay a heck lot more than $40 per person in good quality.

Service was wonderful. Our server was amazing. I personally tipped him in cash (I saw people taking the dishes and such that weren't their tables to attend & i didn't want our waiter to not receive his tip). Our drink glasses were refilled constantly and our finished food dishes were taken away promptly.笑
Very yummy and more options that you can handle. You probably want to fast a bit before hitting this big ol' buffet. $$$$ Kinda expensive but if you gamble you can usually get it comped.笑
We had complimentary passes for the buffet so we went. We later found out that complimentary meant we would be reimbursed 80 dollars from the 100 something we paid for dinner for two. Anyway, I am digressing, back to what matters: the food.

Crab legs: Inedible. They were cut in half and tasted off.
NY Strip: Inedible. Cooked beyond belief.
Pizza: OK , like frozen pizza OK.
Sushi: Gross
Pasta: OK, I had better pasta at noodles and company
Dessert: I enjoyed but really nothing special. Tasted like something they got from food Lion.
Coffee: bitter, bitter
Staff: don't care except for the bussers who are the only deserving persons there.

The one time I ate at Golden Corral, I had a better meal and it cost me 10 bucks. 

1 star may seem harsh but for almost 60 bucks per person, this kind of food is simply unacceptable.笑
Hands down, best buffet I've ever been to. Huge selection of different foods and I was so happy that they had so many seafood choices since I'm not too much of a meat lover. I really don't have much to say about this buffet other than it was pretty amazing. I think that it was completely worth it for what I paid. $40/person or something crazy like that. I do have 2 gripes though. 1) sushi section sucked. Although there was some good sashimi and tuna salad, there were no good rolls. Just a very sad looking california roll. tsk tsk. 2) The desserts were horrible. I'm a huge dessert buff and I was very disappointed. They all looked very pretty but tasted pretty gross. My cousins and all all sampled one of each dessert and found none that we actually liked. The worst was the flan, it was quite disgusting. But other than that, because everything else was so good, I am able to look past that and still give The Buffet at Bellagio 4 stars. Yeah, spoiled.笑
This is one of the buffets I keep coming back to while in Vegas.  Brunch is just under $25, including tax, no tip. Restrooms are inside the buffet, which is nice.  You don't have to worry about exiting the buffet and not being able to come back in.  The line is long. Expect to show up when they open at 10 am and wait half an hour.  I got there at 11 and wasn't seated until 11:45. There are waiters who take drink orders.  I didn't see any soda fountains, like at Monte Carlo. 

I liked that had an omelet station, where you could also get fried eggs.  For brunch meats, they had buffalo brisket, turkey, rotisserie chicken, flank, and ribs. The ribs were good!  That's what I would go back for.  Seafood was a bit limited.  They had cocktail shrimp and filets, but no crab (probably because this is brunch).  There was a variety of deserts, including soft serve ice cream and sorbet.

You definitely get your money's worth at this buffet - for the food as well as the service.笑
I have tried just about every buffet on the strip and this one is my personal favorite. However, depending on your tastes, you might like others better. I am crazy about quality seafood, sushi, salad, and crab legs.  Its the only buffet on the strip that offers sashimi poke, and steak tartar at less than $50. 
However, if you don't do sushi and prefer comfort foods with a different twist, this might not be the place for you. You can also find better deserts elsewhere.
That being said, I still feel that Bellagio has the best food at the best value in Vegas.笑
One of the best buffets I have ever been to.  My most recent visit was better than the last because they had several new items I haven't tried before.  Usually my buffet strategy is to pick a few things I love and eat the hell out of them.  This time it was the tuna poke, lobster ravioli, sea bass, and ceviche.  Just noticed they are all seafood items!  The sea bass was amazing...so tender.  The lobster ravioli was very rich, but tasty.  They have a ton of desserts, too, so make sure you save some room.笑
amazing. 
best buffet i have ever had. 
so happy when i left. 
i tried so many new and wonderful things. 
defiantly will be coming back. 
they have a very good variety and
great service. 
really good options. 
and really cool dessert set up.笑
Only if I can leave negative star.  I think the dinner buffet was around $37/person and it was not worth any of that.  I have been to numerous known restaurants when traveled to different places.  I have been to the most known high end places to hole in the wall taquerias.  I am staying at Bellagio for a week so thought I gave a shot at the Buffet.  There are the typical salad bar, carve meats, tons of crab legs (most of them still appeared frozen so I didn't even bother to take them which was very unusual to me say no to crab legs) , pastas, some asian selections, sushi,  cold cuts, and dessert bar.  Not only the selections were unattractive, they did not even appear to be fresh.  Most of the food looked like they came out of some frozen package and the sushi bar can't be more pathetic.  I did not even bother to get anything from dessert bar, nothing really look good and all so below standard.  I think maybe I had too high of hope dining there, it was so awful.  I kept thinking I should of just get something from the cafe, hate the thought paying the price for such crabby food.  I had been to a couple different buffet style places (Wynn and Treasure Island) and they were all way better than here as far as the atmosphere and food.  I really hope Bellagio do something to save this place because it is really ruining their reputation.  How can it be so bad?????  Awful.  Yelp is where I look for places to go when I am in different cities,  I can only hope anyone who live for good food will never waste a penny here till they fix this place.  REALLY SO BAD笑
Come here, get stuffed, go back to the hotel and sleep. That's the right way to start your day in Vegas!! 

My boyfriend, his parents, and I came to The Buffet at Bellagio on a late Sunday morning (around 11am). The buffet goes until 3pm, is $35 per person (includes non-alcoholic drinks), and expect to wait about 20+ minutes just to order and sit. This buffet is decent -- not bad, not great either. 

Sure, there's enough food and different food options to feed an army of people with different food preferences and interests. There's everything from sushi, to french toast, to salad, to desserts, to getting any cut of meat your heart desires. But, the food isn't *that* good. Sure, I filled up on two plates full of food plus dessert, but when I left, I quickly forgot about my food. I also ordered an OJ, a coffee and some water. 

Service here was "meh". The server seemed distracted and distant. Sure, it's a buffet and I get my own food....but when I'm paying $35, I expect them to be on top of drink orders and clearing the table quickly, neither of which I particularly thought they were. 

Overall, just an A-OK place. I'd consider coming back here on future Vegas trips, but it's nothing to write home about.

Cheers!笑
I went to this Buffet twice in one day. I went once in the morning for brunch then for dinner before the Britney show (let's all send healing thoughts to her ankle). They probably have the best deal in Vegas with 12.99 bottomless mimosas. The food is well above decent and there were soooo many options! You can have eggs benedict, chinese food, sushi and pizza on the same plate! The buffet was clean, the food was hot, the service was great (we sat at the bar). I can't say no to a good buffet! I wasn't a huge fan of their hollandaise sauce for the bene, but everything else was pretty delicious! Great value. Especially for the Vegas.笑
I look forward to this buffet every time that I visit Vegas.  My favorite part about it is the snow crab legs. They come lazy-man style, with one side of the shell already sliced off so that all you have to do is pull the meat out of the other half of the shell without having to worry about using nutcrackers to open up the crab legs.  Makes it so much easier!

The buffet starts with a salad bar.  Usually they have lettuce or spinach as the options for the base.  I wish that they had more options available for salad toppings - a better variety of vegetables and maybe some fruit or dried fruit options as well.  I guess most people don't come to a Vegas buffet for salad though lol

Pricing is tricky...the best times to go are Mon-Thursday for breakfast/lunch.  The snow crab legs don't come out until dinner, however, but dinner pricing is less on Mon-Thurs as well.  They have volume pricing so it's cheaper per person when you bring more people.  For us the last time we went, it was $36/person for two people on a Thursday night and it goes down from there.笑
Superb buffet.  The prime rib was very good.  Plenty of great carvery selections.  A delicious corn chowder soup and some vegetables.  The slight negative was the fruit was not as flavourful as the meats.  Overall very excellent and a decent value for the quality at $23USD.笑
12:30 pm - Arrive at Bellagio buffet hungover and starved.  The line is long, but there's a guy working the line who tells us the wait is about an hour.  We decide we can stick it out.
1:30 pm - Nowhere near the front of the line.  But we've already put in an hour, and honestly, how much longer can it take?
2:30 pm - The dark period.  Faint and exhausted.  Wishing we had picked up a banana milkshake or some fries for the wait.
3:30 pm - In!  Sushi, crab legs, banana french toast, pesto mashed potatoes.  
4:30 pm - Dinner time!  But was waiting in line for 3 hours really worth it?  Hard to say.  At least we got two meals out of it.笑
Before flying home from a business conference I had dinner at the Buffet at Bellagio, I figured it would be fine, and I did not want to hassle with taking a taxi to the familiar Orleans (my favorite Vegas buffet) or the Rio. Boy was I mistaken, $37 for a buffet that had less than a third of the selections of the Orleans or Rio at more than double almost triple the price. The food was nothing like the banquet meals we were served for the conference. The food was bland, tough, and boring. If I knew it would be that bad I would have eaten at the airport. Ok maybe not at the airport, but there are many excellent restaurants in Vegas for about the same price.笑
Our first day at the hotel we got in a little late and didn't have any idea on where to go. So we decided on the Buffett. So we all get what we ant and it didn't seam so bad for all the food you can get. They had crab legs and prime rib. I joked and told my wife where else can you get crab legs and tacos on one plate.  I like this place. Also my kid liked the deserts and ice cream. So all in all it was a win for the family. The food was good quality not your typical bland Buffett food.笑
This buffet was ok, but the wait was horrible. We waited 4 HOURS just to eat holiday dinner, they also have a "fast pass" before closing time when long waits, $20 per fast pass meal, that made the line super slow. The prime rib was also like garbage, go to Paris (Le Village Buffet) for awesome prime rib. This is very unacceptable fast passes move the whole day and the regular just waits 4 hours of standing torture. I would NEVER come back to this buffet.笑
I had 4 buffets during my weekend trip to Vegas and this was one of the better ones for lunch.  The line wasn't too bad at all (20min) and the price was good at $20 but we went at 1:00pm on a Monday.  

I thought the salad and cold food selection was fantastic, my favorites were the seaweed salad and the lady making you personal spicy tuna hand rolls. The fruit selection was really fresh and they had strawberries the size of a baby's fist! I was less excited about the hot food but the ribs were good and the pizza was just average.

Great dessert selection but nothing really called out to me so I just OD'ed on strawberries.笑
Save your money...The restaurant has an odor ??? Like greasy smoky dirt. Huge selection of mediocre food. My local Golden Corral has almost the same foods that taste better. The saving grace was the dessert bar. Lots of selections, little portions. I was impressed with the dessert bar, everything else was a huge letdown. Kobe beef was ice cold, no beef wellington. Their homemade chorizo was burnt and inedible, the pasta dishes had no flavor. The staff was not really friendly nor helpful, they are pretty busy. Save your money and go upstairs and eat where an actual chef fixes your food for the same money...笑
Went there for their brunch buffet and absolutely loved it! We go back for brunch at least one of the days on each trip to Vegas! Lots to choose from and very tasty, fresh food!笑
Bellagio Buffet used to be the cream of the crop and I haven't eaten here in a number of years.  This past week, we went back and my perception of the buffet has been smashed. We went on a Tuesday for lunch and there was a pretty long wait which was a good sign.  We got to the front, paid the 22 dollars and got quickly seated.  Server promptly took our order and we were off to the races.

The carver stations had st. louis ribs and flank steak which were both pretty good.  And those were the only two redeeming dishes at the buffet.  We tried the spicy tuna handroll and it was packed with red pepper flakes which didn't go over so well.  The selection was really lacking (in comparison to the new buffets on the block like Wicked Spoon and Caesar's).  For sushi, there was only the tuna handrolls, a veggie roll and a california roll.  The asian food section had 1 shu mai, some rice porridge, fried rice and chinese veggies.  

The last time I was here, Bellagio was the best.  But that was in 2003 and I don't think they've upped their game since then while other places have gotten bigger, better and cleaner.  Sad to say, I don't think I'll come back here.  As the great poet Ice Cube once said, "You used to be the Don Juan, but now your name is just Toine".笑
The best dinner buffet I've ever had. The variety is endless, and anything and everything else you've had at another buffet, they have it here but with better quality and preparation. Went here on a weeknight, so the price was verrry reasonable--it was less than an extra $5 for the other good buffets on the mid-strip area, and the extra few bucks definitely are soo worth it here. I only give this place 4 starts because although the food is excellent, it is the Bellagio after all and I think it is fair to hold them to a higher standard. But still a great buffet and a must-do on the Vegas list, and you can catch the free and spectacularly beautiful water/fountain show outside after you are full from dinner.笑
I am rating specifically the BREAKFAST. I have no clue what the dinner is like. But for breakfast, this buffet has more options that any other I have been too. Also, the omelette making guy is awesome. I would come up to him and simply ask him to surprise me. The breakfast is well priced. The service is fast. And the location is of course in the beautiful Bellagio.笑
RUN LIKE HELL!  Or you will get the runs like hell....

I went for a brunch buffet on a Friday and boy was that the wrong choice!  Just by looking at the "food", one can lose their appetite.  That is, if they didn't lose their appetite on the way in by looking at all the Jaba-like creatures that inhabit this gourging room.

Every bite I tried was obviously "food" that was from the dinner buffet from the previous night.  Never in my life, even all the times I played Russian Roulette with grocery store sushi, have I had an abomination as horrid as the California Roll at Bellagio.

How one can make a California Roll so nasty, is a work of art in of itself.  California Rolls shouldn't have a hard outer shell.  

Thank you Bellagio for the day and a half's worth of brown liquid that exploded from my butt hole.笑
4.95 stars.  I know I've been soo picky about my ratings lately but I can't give a perfect rating if there are some things that aren't up to par.


Definitely top 2 best buffets I've had!!  I loooooove the carving station here.  I'd have to say that's why I keep coming back to Bellagio.  They always have succulent prime rib which is my favorite here.  They also have other interesting meats during their gourmet dinners such as Kobe beef, tri tip, ostrich, beef wellington, rotisserie chicken...the list goes on and on. 

The other options at Bellagio are good.  Typical pizza & italian dishes.  Decent asian food. Nothing that stands out too much.  It's really the meat here that makes this place.

But the one other thing that I really enjoy here is their cooking station during gourmet dinners.  It's this dish that is in a puff pastry cup.  You can add a bunch of different items such as shrimp, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes and then have a tomato based sauce or a pesto sauce.  There are bunch of other things you can add to this I just can't remember what else was available.  But the sauce on this thing is TO DIE FOR.  Whether you get the pesto or tomato you'll be fully satisfied.  I really really love this and always save room in my tummy for at least one of them. 

Thank you Bellagio for letting me wallow in all your meaty goodness!笑
As with my other buffet reviews, there is a disclaimer: I am not a buffet addict. All buffets taste the same to me. They have something amazing, something okay, and something bad. I'll save my 4 or 5 star review for when everything I eat at a buffet is amazing. 

Come here during near the middle/end of the brunch/lunch time, so that you can pay $20-$25 dollars, and then stay for dinner! They switch menus exactly at 3:30PM, also that is when the crab legs come out for dinner. However, beware! Many people also do this, so expect a long line, do plan your time accordingly and well so that you can be seated just in time for the end of lunch/start of dinner.

Positives
- Crab legs, for the lunch price :D
- I love eggs, bacon, sausage! give me brunch anywhere any time.
- Our waitress was super nice, and had a southern accent. She thought we were weird cause we were just sitting around, not eating at a buffet, waiting for 3:30 until the crab legs came out. 

Average/In the middle
-  Creme brulee was pretty good. I've had better though. 
- Your standard steaks and filets you can find anywhere else.
- I did like the one bite of pasta I took for my plate.

Negatives
- The rest of the food didn't really stand out to me.
- Sushi was left out a while, so it didn't taste fresh. 
- Not enough saffron in the seafood paella.
- Chocolate macaron was crunchy and it cracked...That's not supposed to happen for a macaron.
- Apple cobbler was super sour.
- Average selection of asian food.

Overall
Come here for the crab legs!笑
Love the breakfast buffet here. My favorites were the eggs benedict, eggs florentine, crepes, salads, desserts and coffee. All top quality from the service received to our freshly brewed, flavorful coffees. Eggs benny were perfect which is impressive to maintain for a buffet sitting under the heat lamps. If you go 1/2 hr. before the lunch turnaround, you'll get to experience lunch items too. Will be back on our next trip!笑
Came during brunch on a Sunday. 

Service was great. I loved the woman that was waiting on my table. She was FUNNY. She was cracking us up the whole time. Great attitude and really helpful.

Most of the food did not impress me. The dish that didn't make me feel so bad about the $33 it cost to get in was the PRIME RIB and their mashed potatoes. The prime rib was great. I'm a medium-rare kind of person and was really happy with how it was cooked, but if you're an idiot who wants it well done, they'll fry it up for you too. I also really really loved their mashed potatoes. Well seasoned and I think they're a little cheesy. Some of the best mashed potatoes I've had.

Best dessert was hands down the raspberry panna cotta. Tasted amazing and it's also served in these really cute, little jars.笑
Dining:

As of today, the buffet cost is about $37.95 for dinner to make it one of the most expensive one I ever been to.  The wait at line used to be about 2 hours at holiday time.  Now, it's about half of that because tourism in Vegas is down this year at Labor Holiday weekend.

We had a great dining experience.  All the crab legs we can ever have. Prime rib steak, tender lamp chops, fresh cocktail shrimp, and turkey roast that was done just right.  It's a beast of a feast.

The service can improve a little better.  It was sort of hectic as crowd that night was tough.  But once they figure it out better next time, it will be smooth sailing.

Quality: ****
Decor: *****
Service:***
Amenity: *****
Ambiance: ****笑
This is a solid buffet - not the absolute premier or best, but they have a ton of redeeming qualities that keep me coming back here.

It ended up being $48 total - $32 for the food and $15ish for AYCD. One of the things I really like about this buffet is they don't "put the clock" on you, so to speak. Lots of other places either enforce a hard 2-hour time limit on drinking or start not-so-subtly shoving you out the door around that time. I like to take my time, eat at least 3-4 plates, and enjoy my alcohol instead of just slamming stuff down. On my most recent visit this past Saturday, we were here for 3.5 hours. I was able to enjoy my food and mimosas so much more this way, and it felt much more relaxed for my admittedly hungover and slightly lethargic brain.

Wait time can get really, really bad, but at 11 am this past Saturday am, it was only a 20 minute wait. Admittedly, it is wintertime and therefore off season, so I'm sure this isn't always the case.

While their food isn't necessarily over-the-moon incredible like some of the other buffets, they have plenty of delicious if basic offerings. The omelette station was fun and line wasn't too long, the peppercorn-crusted meat offering was delicious although a little too rare for my taste, and the veggie covered pizza was awesome. They had a cheese ravioli in some sort of insane vodka sauce, which was my favorite I think, and their mountains of crab legs were a fun group bonding activity. Sorry to the gentleman I hit with part of a leg shell while cracking a particularly difficult leg. They also have a good amount of Asian-inspired offerings, including decent sushi and pork buns. Their desserts left a little to be desired; the macaroons were pretty but lacked much flavor; their cheesecake was underwhelming, and the pumpkin tart was also not the best. 

Our waitress was adorable, and in my experience the waitstaff here is always awesome. The coffee is delicious, and service was prompt to fill up the water, coffee, and mimosas. They also set down the OJ on your table and pour the champagne for you, letting you choose how much/how little OJ you want in your drink. As someone who mostly just likes OJ "for color", I really like this perk.

Overall, recommend as the number-one buffet for a more chill, relaxed vibe for a leisurely brunch; if you want the wow-factor type food, I would recommend going elsewhere. Depends what you're looking for.笑
Awesome buffet!  Loved it!  They had lots of seafood items. Very nice friendly people.笑
OMG! This is such an awesome buffet! The quality of food is great not to mention the presentation. Such great staff too.
I can for Sunday brunch, and it was absolutely fabulous. Mostly because of the unlimited mimosa addition. It is totally worth it. The price is not too bad so the amount of food and options that there are to try. There was bacon, sausage, red velvet waffles (a little dry), oatmeal, grits, eggs bennedicts, turkey, an abundance of pastries, pesto mashed potatoes (these are green and yummy), and that is just to name a few. 
I cannot wait to get my belly back in this buffet.笑
as far as vegas buffets go - this is the benchmark. 

*super clean
*super accomodating 
*plenty of vegan options (including sorbet, asian options, oatmeal, fruit, salad, soy milk)
*fast service 
*FUN TIME 

i had *the best* time at this all you can drink buffet and i think the value for the dollar is fair.  while this is *expensive* you do get a quality experience.笑
YUM-O!!! Food is so great everyone will walk out here with a bulge! They have a friday-saturday gourmet buffet dinner that would cost 36.99 per person! Ok, well, here is the trick, if you are tight on budget, come get in line around 3:15! Get in the price of lunch(19.99) and you will be pigging out on crab legs, sushi, beef wellingtons, lamb, and endless desserts!笑
If the service wasn't great (and believe me it was really great, I would give it 5 stars if this review was based on service alone) I wouldn't have given it any stars. 

Came here saturday brunch time and the line was pretty long...but they were really efficient and the line basically was moving the whole time.

Now for the food...the only thing I enjoyed was the smoked salmon, the rest were pretty bland tasting for me.笑
Caution wait time at this restaurant is ridiculous. We waited an hour and a half on a Monday night. The line to get in is carefully hidden behind walls so you don' t see how Long it is. The place is way over priced, staff is arrogant, and most of the food is geared to Japanese tourists. Food was tasteless, cold, with no cook to order stations. Our local Indian casino (Sacramento) has twice the food at half the price. Hard to believe this is the number one rated buffet in Vegas.笑
I've never felt the need to leave a review for restaurants but the experience me and my friends had yesterday night on Thanksgiving was unacceptable.

1) Long wait - We knew beforehand the wait was going to be long, but we didn't expect to wait over 4 hours.  We got in line at 4:30pm and was seated around 9pm.

2) Foods were terrible - The crab legs were not defrosted, prime rib was dry, kobe top sirloin was dry and fully cooked.  I did like the lamb rack though...

3) Closes early - We were seated around 9:00pm and they started to get ready to close around 10pm, we did not have desserts and fruits...  There were many people in line behind us and I wonder if they were even able to have anything other than appetizers/ salads.

I know our experiences were probably mainly due to the Thanksgiving Holiday, but for the price, I believe they should be able to keep the usual service and food quality...

I will not be back.

p.s. did not proof read, grammar nazis go pick on someone else.笑
The Bellagio's buffet offers up a lot of food, some of it very good, but while the scale is large, so are some of the issues here. Let's start with the crowds The buffet lines on weekends and holidays can be tortuously long; waits of nearly two hours are not uncommon. Better if you have a short one or have one of the MGM big-spender cards which allow you to cut in line (Note: don't expect anyone to like the fact you are breaking in line in front of them.) The evening prices around holidays are around $50 per person, making this one of the pricier buffets on or off the Strip. For that, of course, you have a lot of variety in meats, veggies, desserts and what have you. The prime rib is good, so is the shushi, the beef and -- from what we heard -- several types of pastas. You can enjoy lot of ethnic foods, from Chinese to Indian, as befits a hotel that draws visitors from all over the globe. The deserts were plentiful and really tasty. The selection of fruits was not as strong, however, and the salad bar accompaniments seemed much on the thin side. Overall not too bad but this was hardly our favorite dining spot. We believe you can eat better and cheaper elsewhere. Getting in without  a long wait is important.笑
Ok....I make it a habit to eat buffet once everytime I am in town.  This is one of the best buffets in Vegas (along with the one at Wynn for $38).

I would give Bellagio the slight edge over Wynn because their desert station is far superior (although I am not into sweets).

King Crabs Legs, Prime rib, rack of lamb.....that is all I need to be happy.  However, I can only do one buffet when I am in town.  Take your pick: Bellagio or Wynn....you can't go wrong with either one.笑
I came here because it was recommended to me by several people and I was glad that I did. I came with my wife and cousin for brunch (although it was already 12:00 p.m.) and all three of us were very satisfied. We came on the Saturday before President's Day, which apparently is a holiday for this buffet which means they can increase their price to $41 per person (with bottomless champagne / mimosas). It was definitely worth it. The food was great and did not suffer in quality or flavor (as most buffet entrees do), and the champagne was good - not some cheap bottle that you'll regret an hour or two after the brunch. The highlights for our table (in no particular order) were the omelet station, the hand-rolled spicy tuna, and the prime rib.笑
i must say this place a little better then the wynn buffet.
its nice and a major selection of so much food.
this has to be Vegas best buffet.笑
Very very disappointed. Such a classy hotel with great chefs but this buffet was horrible. We dined there on New Year's Eve. Prime rib, lobster tail, Alaskan crab legs all sounded amazing. I've been to better buffets on cruise ships. The cost that evening was 80$ per person for New Year's Eve but definitely not worth it. All the food was cold and no flavor. Would not recommend to anyone. Reserve at Olives at Bellagio instead.笑
Soooooo good and I don't even like buffets. Great food, most of it was very fresh and that which didn't appear to be was quickly replaced with newer stuff.

King crab legs, ahi tuna poke, and beef Wellington were tasty. Dessert was delectable.  The creme brulee and cheesecake were light and just sweet enough.

The only complaint was a lack of chocolate chip cookies and the jacked up price for Easter.

This is worth the money, even if they took advantage of holiday travelers.笑
The Bellagio is like an A-List rapper: everything it does it does big and the buffet is no exception. After visiting about 10 buffets in Vegas, I finally ponied up the money to visit the Bellagio.

Despite a seemingly endless line, I waited for the best buffet sin city had to offer. I visited during the late breakfast hour and was pleased to find some lunch foods including salad which is my favorite and I'm not sure why. They also had some pad thai, breakfast tacos, eggs benedict, omelette stations (that's right, multiple omelettes) and more.

Their breakfast meats were impressive. Seriously. They will make you blush. Not just the sausage either. Even the ham chunks were impressive. And the price wasn't bad either. I think it was $21 or so after tip.

Bonus: $10 all you can drink after buying the buffet. But they prefer that you only stay for two hours. That's about $30 per person, but if you really want to get drunk this might be your place. After all, a bucket of beer is $25 even at the middle of the road hotels.笑
Very disappointed. Food was just okay, but at almost $50 per head for the holiday menu price, it was really poor value for money. Food choice was pretty limited, and not the quality I would expect for the Bellagio. 
My in-laws came here 7 years ago and raved about it.  All I can say is the quality has clearly gone down in that time and the prices have gone up. They paid about $25 each, which was probably what made them feel it was worth going. I would not eat here again.笑
I have been coming to the buffet in the bellagio hotel Las Vegas for many years. I know, they only have king crab on the weekends but during the week, they always had either snow crab or opilio crab. Today? I come in and find out the only crab they have is Dungeness crab. Really?! This is supposed to be a high end buffet and the crab you put out is the bottom of the barrel of crab right next to blue crab (which I can't stand). This, coupled with having to pay for parking is the straw that broke this camel's back. I pay to eat at your place AND I have to pay for parking?! Ridiculous! 
Needless to say, this will be the last and final time I will ever eat here and to anyone who reads this, take heed! The price hasn't gone down but the quality of the food is worth the 2 stars I gave. 
There are tons of other buffets in Vegas  (although pricier) that I would rather go to just because I know I can get the crab I want.
Well, that's my story. I'm actually saddened that I will never step foot into this casino and this buffet ever again. (Unless the parking is free and the crab is changed!)笑
Bellagio is losing its touch & customer service.  I was there with couple friends in March 2012. We got there at 7:45pm; we were sitted by 8pm. The food selection was poor; most of the foods were lukewarm. Maybe it was because it was getting late. I go to Las Vegas every year and I have always enjoyed my food at Bellagio but this time it was a disappointment. What a waste of money too. I called the manager the next day, I was told to call back on Monday. I explained I will be flying out that day but the manager didn't care.笑
In my quest to find the best dinner buffet in Las Vegas, all roads keep leading back to The Buffet at Bellagio. If you want a fantastic buffet that consistently delivers the best AYCE food around, check out this buffet.

The price range for this dinner buffet varies - I paid $39.99 the last time I was there (7-31-2015, which was a Friday) and I can recall paying $49.99 a few years ago. While the higher-priced nights feature more foods, even the cheaper nights offer a very wide variety of high-quality dishes and desserts.

The prime-rib is cooked to perfection and is the best I've ever eaten anywhere. This is an accomplishment because many establishments are hit-and-miss when it comes to cooking this popular dish. The pork spareribs, sashimi (spicy tuna and salmon chunks), crab legs, and Italian dishes are also top-notch. There are spicy tuna hand rolls and the usual nigiri sushi offerings such as tuna, salmon and California rolls. 

The desserts have actually gotten better during the last 2 years. The best ones that come to mind are creme brulee, cheesecake, carrot cake, and some small, rich dark chocolate cups filled with even more chocolate. The line may be long, especially on a weekend night, but it's well worth it.笑
Growing up in Vegas this was an ok buffet. Definitely one of the better ones though.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is another top rated buffet.
They have good quality food, good meats Prime Rib, Lamb, Veal, Turkey etc. Good seafood selections - Crab legs, Mussells, shrimp even Poke and sashimi sushi and  etc. Many salads and sides selections. Desserts here are one of the best - Creme brulee, eclairs, big choc strawberries, custard, cakes etc....Its a bit pricey like the Wynn and may have a line to get in maybe a 15-30 min wait depending......This is a quality food buffet, if you are a picky eater, The Wynn, Paris and Bellagio are for you....笑
Been going here since around the year 2002. Back then it was top notch and probably around half price of what it is today. I remember 10 years ago they offered "Mango Soup" dessert that is to this day the best dessert Ive ever had in my life. It was a dinner only dessert and only on Friday and Saturday when it was more expensive. It was a tart mango puree with a blueberry, a blackberry and a raspberry inside - one of each berry. It came in a small alcohol glass and was topped with torched meringue. During the premium dinner buffet the other desserts were similar only perhaps a few were dusted with a bit of edible gold. These days the cost cutting department seem to be a heavy influence, but this place is still as classy as buffets get. Ive looked at Palios and Palio Pronto for my favorite mango dessert - its nowhere. Trust me I've been looking for it for 10 years. I love this place even if without my mango dessert. I like that Im greeted by the same lady who has been there since 1998.笑
The best crab legs I have ever had!!  The prime rib was also amazing.  Everything else was just so-so.  But you must go here for the all-you-can-eat crab legs!!笑
Was here 12/8/11 the woman who made the omlets was sweet Olympia she was making good tips too, deserved it! Had a crab omelet she recommended the lump crab meat, they dnt have much of a dessert selection and the food in my opinion was just ok my boyfriend said the chorizo sausage burrito was the
 Business I think all buffets in Vegas r the same this buffet and the wicked spoon was just ok the wicked spoon did provide a better dessert section though笑
Such a disappointment for the price :( Paid almost $60 for dinner during the holidays and it was a 2 hour wait.  The only way to get in front of the line was to pay $20 and that was way too expensive. First of all, they sat me first while my friends were still paying and the hostess said they would tell them to go to where I was after they paid.  After waiting for 10 minutes for my friends, I get a phone call from my friend saying they were seated somewhere else on the other side of the buffet. Unorganized and I just got there.  

I went here after being turned away from Bacchanal Buffet in Caesars palace because they weren't taking any more people.  If this is your first Vegas buffet, you probably would be impressed because they do have a lot of food.  However, if you've been to Bacchanal Buffet this place is a rip off especially in the dessert section. I have a big sweet tooth so I love going to Vegas Buffets specifically for their dessert. I don't know if I came on a bad day but they barely had any dessert choices.  There was no gelato, crepes,  and they ran out of macarons. There weren't even any strawberries.  They only had some pastries, cakes, and soft serve, and I think the best thing they had was the creme brulee.  For $50 I expect a feast, and I definitely did not get that.  The only thing that was worth it was the Prime Rib which was delicious, but I can't get over the fact that their dessert was not good at all. The waiters were friendly though, but for being in one of the nicest hotels in Vegas, I sure hope they improve in the future.笑
Went here on Thanksgiving at noon and only waited 45 minutes! I was fully prepared for a 2 hour wait. After eating we went to the room to nap and then when we came back down closer to dinner time the line was 5 times as long as the line at noon so keep that in mind! Jacob the manager introduced himself as we were eating and was very professional and kind. The lady that got our drinks was also extremely nice! Food was all amazing!! Lamb, crab cakes, crab legs, all amazing! It was a zoo as you could imagine on a holiday but everything in the buffet was kept clean and stocked. Very impressed. Will most likely be back next year! I paid $114 for 2 people before tip笑
The worst the level of food is like a holiday inn.  Nothing fresh all made hours ago even salads all drenched and vile笑
Drove all the way from Orange County and made it just in time before they closed. We had 20 mins to get food before they started putting it away. That's how excited we were for the food. I wish we had more time though, I felt so rushed to eat.

I love their wide selection of food. I had to get a little bit of everything. Tried my first taste of ostrich, not bad. The rack of lamb was so tender. Mmmm. 

Dessert, I also had a little bit of everything, but what I loved the most was the mini key lime pie. Sooooo good!笑
On a hot April afternoon during our stay at Bellagio, we decided to try out their famed buffet.
The buffet was quite good, though we felt it was pricey at $40-ish + taxes, and that too because it was a weekday lunch, heard its much higher over the weekends. But then it's Vegas, so you can't expect value for money I guess :) 
Coming to the food, there was a huge array of dishes, and my wife who is a vegetarian also found many good options in it. It was mostly an international mix, with something to satisfy every palate.
The service was ok-ish, and at times we found the servers looking disinterested.

To sum up, while in Vegas you can definitely experience this buffet once, probably before or after watching the spectacular fountains :)笑
The best aspect of the weekend brunch was bottomless champ for $5. I did some calculations. A bottle of comparable champagne is about $2.99; you must drink approximately 1.5 bottles to break even, which would normally be no problem except doing so in a buffet would decrease eating efficiency.

Another highlight of my experience was the shrimp pizza. The only negative experience was standing behind skinny people picking through the baskets of shrimp, who appeared to be choosing quality over quantity. Also, the total lack of oysters on the half shell. 

I never witnessed the desert buffet with my own eyes because I was immobilized after eating lots of pizzas and Prime Rib. I recovered by immediately passing out on my hotel bed.笑
Here is the bottom line:  if you want a more upscale experience, go to the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan, but if you want more choices, go to the Bellagio.  We went to the Wicked Spoon on the first day and were blown away by their desserts, then went to check out the Bellagio buffet the day after.  Bellagio definitely had more selection in almost everything and their desserts were almost as good as the ones at the Wicked Spoon.  ( I will put a note here that this was Bellagio's Gourmet dinner for $36, not a regular one for $29).  I love veggies and the really didn't have much in the way of veggies at the Wicked Spoon.  At the Bellagio they had broccolini, asparagus, roasted veggies (cold/appetizer), bok choi and some others.  The meats were also better and more selection - prime rib, baby back ribs, lamb, beef Wellington and roasted turkey. And let's not forget the smoked salmon!  I know everybody must have those crab legs which I don't really care about and they had them at both places, but they MUST HAVE smoked salmon to satisfy me!  And they did at the Bellagio (NOT at the Wicked Spoon).  Hope this helps!笑
Arrived for breakfast and was happy with what I saw however nothing was super excellent. The french toast was nothing special, the waffle was as hard as a rock, the pancake was ok. Luckily we arrived late enough that 1/2 way through the meal lunch was getting served and that food was awesome!
I wish I had a bigger stomach for times like this, it was all very good and there were quite a few things that I was unable to try.笑
I wouldn't come back here again especially for the price. I've heard great reviews about this place. But the only thing great about this buffet is the crabs! The rest of the food was BLAH! - J笑
Oh my goodness, the food!! The amount and quality of food is like no buffet I've ever been to before. It was almost overwhelming (in a completely good way). Everything we tried was delicious, I wish I had more space in my stomach to have tried more. We went in a weekday morning, and the price we thought was excellent ($20/person). Wait staff was a little unprofessional when we were being seated, but really didn't bother us too much as it was a buffet. Wish I had known about the buffet sooner, would have eaten here every morning.笑
when someone talks about or thinks about the Bellagio you automatically think high end and super high quality.. 

Apparently it's become a trend to not have someone actually wait on you at buffets in Vegas.. I know the food is self service but now drinks as well? Why is this a thing?  Maybe at some el cheap $8 buffet somewhere downtown?
Paying $30 for a lunch buffet (and paying for parking) that someone doesn't bring me drinks it's beyond ridiculous and they're suppose to help clear plates, which they still do, however they seriously lack the diligence to do so.. 

The food was good but not amazing like it use to be. The breakfast stuff was great, the bbq beef brisket, melt in your mouth tender but absolutely no flavor.. slathering BBQ sauce on a ridiculously tender brisket isn't going to give it enough flavor, it was so bland. The sliders? Why are these even on the buffet? HOCKEY PUCKS..flavorless bone dry hockey pucks.. I did not eat any Asian cuisine but one person in my group did and I was told it was dry and lacked flavor.. there is a ton of selection on this buffet and many gluten free options, 

desert was good, macadamia cookies were delicious 
.. 

I don't want to come to this buffet any time soon, I'm so disappointed, Bellagio is better than this..笑
I came here with my family after reading all the reviews. I was very dissapointed. I don't mind the price as long as the food is good, but for that price I expected good food and it was not. The food was ok but not good. The buffet at Wynn is about the same price and is actually worth the money. Don't was your time and $$ here, it is overhyped.笑
This was good not great. If you are going to a buffet I suggest the Cosmopolitan.笑
Great buffet with a nice variety of foods, comfortable ambiance, and ideal location.  The food is tasty and it's a couple bucks cheaper than the Wicked Spoon buffet.笑
Absolutely amazing dining experience for the price and comfort. The Buffet is a serious contender for the best buffet in Vegas. Plentiful options, attention to detail, and quality food. They have the best seafood collection on the Strip and also have a great selection of fine meats.笑
+ eggs benedict
+ smoked salmon with mustard
+ prime rib
+ omelettes
+ corn
+ pesto mashed potatoes
+ carrots & asparagus
+ beef tenderloin
+ the dude cutting the meat was super nice
+ the dude cooking the omelette was funny and enthusiastic
+ french toast with powder sugar and a scoop of syrup topped with strawberry sauce
+ spicy tuna roll is really spicy
+ variety of pizza
-lamb 
- dessert ... meh. i wanted the raspberry cake (?)... i only got 1, and wanted a 2nd but it was all gone. next day... they didn't have raspberry cake either. :(

came here twice lunch & breakfast the next day
YUM YUM YUM笑
The food especially the seafood is really very good. The only thing confused me is that, the breakfast was almost the same as the dinner. Didn't they make new dishes? And it's not comfortable to think that the food had been warmed in the plates for a whole day......笑
I experienced the buffet when I came to Vegas during my Thanksgiving break!

It was superb! I enjoyed practically everything with the exception of some of the Chinese dishes.

Everything in all the ethnic sections was very very gourmet tasting. Fresh, classic takes on recipes that definitely lean towards the "gourmet" side of things. My favorite was the Thanksgiving meal and the rack of lamb. Japanese and italian were good too. All the seafood was fresh and delish! Service was good as well and the coffee and desserts rocked as well!

My least favorite was the Chinese because I felt it was very ordinary and therefore very "non-gourmet". You have to gourmet it up so that it matches the quality of the other serving stations. 

Pricey, but worth it - just make sure you come hungry.笑
Worth every penny!  Tons of selection.笑
I think it was a lot better then the buffet they have in Wynn... and it was around the same price or even cheaper. 
I loved their cocktail shrimps, prime ribs, and deserts. 
Their Crème brûlée was so so so so good. I think it was the best I ever had. 

Their deserts were so good that I think it actually worth the price only for that. :)

Tips: be ready to spend about 30-60 mins to wait to get in...笑
I'm reviewing from my recent experience eating here. We came here after watching O (GREAT SHOW) and once we entered, we chowed down. There was a pretty nice variety of food but overall the food was just ok.
Since I LOVE desserts I tried all of their desserts which was not disappointing but again, nothing I would try more then once.笑
To dine at a buffet in Vegas is practically a necessity, and for good reason. Every casino on the strip boasts its own extravagant buffet, so choosing which to attend can feel impossible! 

The Bellagio's version is a solid contender: classic presentation and great quality of food. It's not as delightfully fun as the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo, and the line at 7:00pm on a Wednesday stretched for nearly 40 minutes. But once we got inside, we were perfectly pleased by the variety, taste, and quality of the Buffet's options. Personal favorites: Kobe beef, pesto mashed potatoes, shrimp cocktail, sushi, crab legs, and prime rib. 

All in all, it was an absolutely decadent experience, where everything tasted so good that I ended up stuffing myself to a painfully uncomfortable fullness. My boyfriend and I are currently on a mission to sample every buffet in Vegas, and we rate this as a solid option. The only thing missing was the playfulness and fun that we've found at other Vegas buffets (mainly the Wicked Spoon). The Bellagio handles things in a much more serious and graceful way. Still good, of course -- but a bit more straight-laced.笑
Mediocre at best.  Robotic staff, prime time pricing over $30.  Huge wait in line.  Yes kobe beef is served, but sushi rice was not fresh, crab legs were overly salt brined, pate' was funky, desserts were all mislabeled.  Next time, back to Cesaer's!笑
I've been to this buffet 2-3 yrs back for brunch. I was not impressed. The food quality was okay but not what you would expect from a hotel of this reputation.

We went back for another go round for Sunday Brunch last weekend. I must say the Bellagio Buffet redeemed themselves. The food was outstanding and I feel they must have made a few changes with regards to the buffet since the last time.

From the waffles, pancakes, bacon, sausage, eggs, potato hash (must try), to the prime rib, I felt that everything was delicious and gets my signature of approval. The dessert & pastries were no joke either. 
At $30 the brunch is justified of the price.笑
Excellent buffet, even if they just give coke products :)  Yummy kobe beef, beef wellington & mashed potatoes were awesome.  Loved the assortment of sharp cheeses.  Our waiter was awesome and spot on.  Not one complaint about the food.  I was too full to have dessert.笑
Endless food for $35 a person for dinner
I think you can stay for about 2 hours
Drinks specials for $12 bucks
Ask for the crab legs to be steamed
Waiters are nice,
The lines can get long to enter
The steak and turkey stations are my favorite笑
i was here a couple of months back, and was very disappointed. we paid so much for dinner and definitley not worth it at all. We got sick , felt like it was food poison . We called and spoke with the server to request refund since we were there no more than 30 min . She said she would have them refund with the manager. then we waited  she said if we would take complimentary to come back another time and left and nothing, so she said to call because the manager was not available . i did file the report and til this day still no refund .笑
Oh Bellagio! 

I have been wanting to try this buffet for the longest time. Ever since I started coming to vegas a few years back, I kept hearing about how good this place was. Well for brunch this past weekend, I must say I was just a tad bit disappointed.

For $29.99 the price was pretty decent for a vegas buffet.. however, with that said, what you got was pretty mediocre.

They had all the standard breakfast foods, sausages, bacon, eggs, waffles etc, but nothing fancy smancy. Like Jon B. said in his review, the food was just really average nothing more, nothing less.

With the price, you get an average selection of breakfast food, some dim sum selections, prime rib, cocktail shrimp,  smoked ham and turkey, pastries, etc. There was a small sushi area with hand rolled spicy salmon which was probably the gem of the buffet. Otherwise, everything was just a bit forgettable in my opinion. 


Definitely not the best buffet in vegas, but not the worst either.笑
I have to admit that this is the best buffet in Vegas compared to others around the same price.  

The lines are horrendous, but we managed to get our hands on a few comp VIP passes and only had to wait about 5 mins, other than that, the food selection is great and very tasty.   

There is a hug selection of food from meat to italian, sushi, salad bar, and a neverending dessert bar and yummy crab legs.  They have everything to satisfy your needs here.

It was VERY crowded at dinner time and once or twice I felt like someone was going to bump me and there goes my plate.  It's thaaat crowded.笑
This place was okay.
We went right around 10:45, so we caught the last little bit of breakfast and the first little bit of lunch, not a bad idea cause we got a plate of each. Plus, it's cheaper than dinner!
Everything I ate was very good. All breakfast foods and lunch items I had tasted fresh and warm. The meats that were offered for lunch, such as the steak and ribs, etc, were absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. There was a very large dessert table that you could pick from.
I had two issues with this place. One, we had to get our own drinks. I'm not being lazy, but if I'm paying 30 dollars a person for this upscale buffet, I feel like staff should be getting me refills, not me. Also, from the "fancy" vibe this hotel gives off, I honestly thought I'd have more food options. I found myself struggling to fill up my plate to find things that I wanted - and I'm not a picky eater. They have tons of food, but it's tons of the same food, little variety. 

Glad I went and ate. Probably won't need to come back.笑
Heard that this was the best buffet spot in LV and it didnt disappoint.  Although we had to wait 30 min to get in, it was definitely worth the wait.  They have a great selection of foods and desserts.  Easy to navigate the buffet and the food is delicious.  We scarfed down our food in record time after spending all day at the pool so we were in and out.  You cant get a better deal in LV than a $25 lunch buffet.笑
My husband and I ate here for both breakfast and lunch during our recent stay. Both meals were good, but we preferred lunch over breakfast. The lunch menu just seemed to have a bigger selection and offered desserts during that time as well. All the usual buffet food choices were available for both meals, but nothing really "wowed" me. I guess I was expecting that wow factor coming from one of the most prestigious properties on the strip, but I've honestly had better buffets at a few other properties nearby. The food was fresh, good but not great, and I left satisfied. I guess that makes it A-OK?笑
from all the reviews i've read and heard about, i was really underwhelmed by what i got.  the decor reminded me ann arbor's olive garden - nursing home like and homely.  compared to wicked buffet at the cosmo, this place did not look appetizing at all.

the food selection wasn't awesome but it wasn't bad, i would say average buffet.  but this probably was because i went during lunch.. 20 bucks per person for lunch so it wasnt bad for the price...

the one pro that i did appreciate was the speedy waiter service here.  they were more on top of things than wicked buffet.

but when I go back to Vegas, i don't think i'd be visiting bellagio's buffet as first choice...笑
Went just 2 days ago, was expecting greatness and was let down.  The things I enjoyed...prime rib (pretty good but the outside was chewy and had to get many slices to satisfy my appetite), shrimp cocktail, eggs benedict, cheese blintz, smoked salmon and some of the desserts (they were just ok). Didn't like duck leg, leg of lamb, or the lack of seafood, no lobster, or crab or fish that I wanted, also they started clearing the selections so I felt like we had less and less everytime I went back. Also Deb felt sick for the rest of the day and next morning most likely related to our food here. Maybe it was bad timing @230?!笑
Long ass line. $32.88 for lunch buffet. The cashier was a bitch...attitude up the wazuu. The hostess was nice, our waiter server Eric was awesome (Sweetest Guy ever). 

The food (vegetarian pov): was disappointing.

1) Breakfast: breads were cold and stale. Oatmeal was cold, they make fresh omelet but the station is towards the back away from the rest of the brkfst items...(all breakfast items should be grouped together, pastas together, seafood together etc....).

2) Sushi: rice was old and really cold...not fresh, sloppy cutting, sloppy display; wasabi was pasty like ketchup. 

3) Dessert: cheesecake was moist but at times not available, because they didn't re-fill the countertops fast enough.

I give this place a. NEGATIVE 1 STAR.

Overall this was a disappointing experience because of the lack of freshness, lack of elegance, lack of everything for the price tag. 
Bellagio buffet is not worth the price, even if you eat meat. 

Better off going to the Sugar factory across the street...pay less and get 100% better food...that is fresher!笑
Came here several times and I think it's OK. IDK why people think it's so great.  The quality of food wasn't anything special.  And the waitresses always looked like they didn't want to be there.  Well, then I don't want to either!笑
In a word - AMAZING!  Simply the most delicious food I have ever eaten at a buffet.  I recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas to dedicate at least one day to a Bellagio buffet followed by Cirque De Soliel - O. You will not be disappointed!笑
ate here last night. i think they had more food options the last time i came. for some reason i remembered loving it a bit more last time. i think there was a station blocked off with curtains so maybe they were doing construction.

the desserts were super cute but sadly it wasnt great (except for the chocolate mousse cups and cannolis). ice cream machine dipensed out but it was partially melted by the time i got to the table.笑
While the food wasn't terrible, it wasn't worth $38 either. Being in The Bellagio may give off the appearance of high quality, but in reality, it's marginally better than Golden Corral.

I'll admit that the service here is adequate. Nonetheless, it's overrated. If you want high-quality, just go the extra mile and dine at a steakhouse. You'll get a far better "bang for the buck."笑
This buffet back in the days was the bomb of buffets with the long lines. The food is the most important thing aside from service and this was the most disappointing buffet that I went to. The prime rib and the Kobe beef were really dry and hard, like it had been sitting out for awhile! The crab was very watery with no crab flavor. I tried the cod thinking that it would be great but it had dried out on the buffet line and maybe sat for too long. It became plastic like and was inedible. Everything seemed to have been sitting there for awhile and it was only 7:00. There was an array of pasta, all hard and dried out! Please save your money and go elsewhere. This was so disappointing. If you don't believe me, go try it for yourself!笑
First of the line to get in the buffet was super long on a Wednesday night . We waited a nearly an hour and a half . Then when we get to the register , the cashier was so cold.  Like she didn't smile or anything.  It was 6 of us going out for a birthday dinner.  So we get to a table and we start getting our food. The food selection was mediocre because there was not that much variety or quality food.  The bar drinks were delicious.  We had strawberry margaritas the were good , are they worth the price , yes and no.  Yes because they are very tasty . And no because it was very small.  The desserts very limited variety . For the price of the buffet  I really expected food that was going to wow me . But it didn't.  The service by our server was awesome I think out of all of the people we encountered she was the best one of all.笑
$103 for 2 people....
Let's just start there and acknowledge that the price is NOT worth it. 

The selection was a lot less than I expected. Our original choice was caeser's palace's buffet but their wait was too long so we came here. There was a line but we got in about 15 minutes of waiting which wasn't horrible. Coming to the register I was shocked at the prices, but had no choice but to pay it at that point as all buffets in LV are supposedly expensive, and also my stomach was grumbling at this point. 

After a sad relcutant swipe, I had high expectations for the food at the buffet and that led to a bitter dissapointment. Their was only one small row of food, with 2/3 dishes per cultural category. The asian section consisted of one plate of noodles and rice, very boring when there's other buffets that serve dim sum...

The beef at the amercian grill was undercooked, red with blood and not worth being the highlight of the group. Their mash potatos and the roasted turkey were good but beyond that, everything was really bad, I kept just grabbing sweet mash and mash with gravy till I got fill. There really wasn't any variety or quality happening :( 

The only food that had any effort put into it was the desert. They were teeny tiny bite sized portions, but they had ALOT of choices, from pecan tart to napoleon cake. But, It didn't make up for the really shitty food笑
My sister had read on Yelp about this buffet and since we're buffet lovers, we decided to give it a try. As we were walking toward the entrance, we noticed the line was freaking long!!! I thought the wait was going to be about 2 hours or so but to my surprise, we didn't wait no more than 30-45 minutes. The price was reasonable, I suppose for being Vegas. 
$23 for lunch and an extra $5 for unlimited mimosas!!! Kids under 5 were free I think; we didn't have to pay for my 3 yr old son. 
The spread was amazing!!!! I couldn't decide where to start. I was disappointed with the sushi bar though. Not much selection but that's ok. I didn't expect sushi anyways. The meat station was unbelievable!  I had 3 servings of their Marinated flank steak, rib eye, Chicken Wellington  and shrimp.They were fresh and always hot! Their omlette station was good also. My sister tried the egg benedit and liked it. The homemade Lobster Ravoli was also delish! Love their breakfast bar. The best was the dessert!!!!  So many selections! I tried everything.....chocolate cake, lemon cake, peanut butter brownie, Bananas Foster, Chocolate Mousse and  Raspberry Chocolate Mousse, hazelnut cake,  and so on.
Our waitress was the greatest! She was by far the most attentive waitress we've ever had and she seems like she loves her job. 
I would definitely visit this buffet whenever I'm in town!笑
Wonderful Buffet! If you want it they have it!  Yes, I am willing to pay the hefty price to feed my taste buds here!  They are an experience you dont want to miss.  Bellagio Buffet, I will be seeing you again soon!笑
My boyfriend and I went yesterday for lunch ! I read all the reviews on yelp and decided that I wanted to check it out ! We decided to skip breakfast and save our apps for lunch ! Wow ! What a great buffet ! They have everything , salad bar station , meats and cheeses, ham , prime rib, ribs, oysters , Chinese food , American fair , overall , very American dinner would be excellent as they may have more seafood . At lunch 11 am there was  lots of fresh shrimp and the breakfast items ( eggs Benedict ) looked fresh and delicious . For the price , it was well worth it . But you have to go with a HUGE appitite ! It is great if you had a night of super partying and are super hung over!   Soooo much food , so small stomach ! Lol笑
My family of five, including my wife and my in-laws were here for buffet on a Saturday afternoon in late June 2015 during our trip of Vegas. Overall, I was very dissatisfied with my experience here.

Here are my biggest issues with the experience at the Buffet at Bellagio:
1. Being the weekend, this was supposed to be a brunch buffet and it is true that there were many breakfast-y items. However, in general, it was very hard to construct a meaningful meal out of the items that were there. For example, there was fried rice and chow mein but no (Chinese) entrees that one could have with those. For my brother-in-law, who's a big lover of meat, he had nothing that satisfied his appetite. For myself, a big lover of seafood, again there was nothing that I would really fancy, such as lobster or scallops or crabs or sushi. There were supposed to be at least 3 types of sushi (based on the place cards we saw) but the sushi had mostly run out and were never replenished.
2. The stations were very poorly laid out and as a result, the placement of the items made very little sense. I do not recollect another buffet experience where the layout was worse than here. For example, they had french toast in one section but maple syrup was nowhere to be found next to it. Eventually after asking a staff member I was able to locate it. I was far from the only one having this problem as a little girl asked me about where the maple syrup was once I had managed to drizzle it on my french toast. Likewise, there were sorbets and icecreams but they were very far from each other. Toppings for the sorbets and icecreams were also in different sections even though most people might want to have access to a broad assortment of toppings.
3. Lastly, I found the service to be quite unfriendly. We had a server (Claudia, I think) and I don't think she (or any other waitstaff that we encountered) smiled even once during the entire 2-hours or so that we were there. Food items were also not regularly replenished and when I inquired about the sushi which had run out, the staff did not appear apologetic about that and expressed no interest in replenishing the items. A final illustration of the lack of helpfulness of their staff was that as we were standing in line to get in, we inquired about wait times. One of their staff members commented that we would have a 45-minute wait and we were getting ready to leave on hearing of such a long wait time. However, in the end, we did stand in line and the wait turned out to be no more than 20 minutes. A shorter wait time was certainly appreciated but then again, we would have left the restaurant on the basis of the incorrect information provided by this staff member

Overall, I would say this was a deeply unsatisfying and unfulfilling experience and certainly when considered against the $30 price we paid for it, this was a complete bust. in my view, they served very mediocre food that was laid out in the most haphazard manner imaginable and it was combined with unfriendly and unwelcoming service. I would definitely not go back to this buffet again especially when there are so many options to choose from in Las Vegas.笑
This place is absolutely phenomenal. The service is excellent everyone really does seem like they enjoy their jobs there, so that always helps make the overall vibe/ feel a lot better. Drink selections  were very wide which is always a perk. Lots of juices housemaid drinks and plenty of alcohol. But the thing that I was thoroughly impressed with was the great selection of delicious foods that were in the buffet. You get everything from pan Thai noodles, blue cheese stuffed tortellini with pork sausage,or even get pan seared salmon. Now it's one thing to have a wide selection of great foods but it's another for them to taste good as well because sometimes when you get quantity you really sacrifice quality. And this place break that rule there's a wide variety of things you can get, and each of them taste like he was personally made for you!笑
If I could write a sonnet about the pesto mashed potatoes I would. If God ate mashed potatoes, he would get them from the Bellagio Buffet, and that's a fact!

Potatoes aside, the whole experience was pretty great once you got past standing in line for an hour (even when the wait time was only "twenty minutes"), and coughing up the $40 price (it's higher on weekends because there is a cavier bar - which is completely useless if you're a vegetarian. If you're going in there not touching the seafood, cavier, or Kobe steak, at least eat a shit ton of the deserts so you make it worth the money!). 

Once we were finally seated the service was AMAZING. Glasses were always filled, plates hastily cleared away, and the food was tres tres good!! I highly recommend. If for no other reason than the pesto mashed potatoes (I had a mere four helpings...).笑
Pros: 
I like the service.
Beautiful location.
Cons:
Food isn't outstanding for the price.
I felt that the food choices were redundant.
I got sick from the food.

It was wise of the head of my party to make a reservation at the Buffet at Bellagio. If we hadn't, we probably would've waited for 4 hours, and that is no exaggeration. Even WITH a reservation, we had an hour long wait before we were actually seated. It's a good thing I had someone with me or else I would've completely forgot that the reason I had gone to the Bellagio in the first place was to eat at the buffet...cause I would've wandered off and left without eating. Don't judge, I have a short attention span.

We sit down and are served our drinks (drinks aren't self-serviced). Finally, we get to go eat.
I got:
Beef sirloin steak
-4/5. It was really tough for being Med-rare. I liked the flavor, though.
Sushi
-1/5. Tasted like the sushi you get at Savemart or something. Eww.
Rice
-5/5. It's rice....
Sopas (beef)
-2/5. Tasted off and soggy.
Shrimp
-5/5. Plump and juicy.
Cheese Pizza
3.67568/5. It tasted alright. Got tired of it after awhile.
Creme Brulee
56709568409684/5. OH MY GOSH AMAZING
every single other dessert that I can't name:
1/5. Ew.

For a buffet, it didn't really have a HUGE selection of food (SHOCKER!). I was disappointed. 
That, and the food quality averaged at about 3/5. 

The food also made me really sick! This is coming from the person who took 2 laxatives once (don't ask) and didn't feel any pain, who eats popcorn with habanero sauce, who drinks Pepsi at 2 AM, you get the picture. Basically, I'm a goat.

I honestly don't understand why people stand in line for soooo long to eat here. And, it's quite pricey.
Honestly, if you want to spend your money on good food, go somewhere else.笑
This is the best buffet in Vegas (that I've tried).  I mean, I'm giving it 4 stars, and i hate bueffets.  So it must mean something.  The food is not superior.  But it is good for a buffet.  It has sushi (yum) and is definitely more gourmet than any other buffet that i've tried.  At the end of the day though, it's still just a buffet... which means the food stays out too long and its mass produced.  It's a solid 3.5 to 4 star place.  if you think you're going to have a gastronomical orgasm here, you're mistaken.  Try Fleur De Lys in the Mandalay if you want the best dining experience in Vegas. and for the best meat... go to lawry's off the strip. hands down the best prime rib on the planet.笑
This is the best place I ate in Las Vegas.

I thought it would be $35 per person for breakfast, but it ended up being that for two people. My friend was too hung over to enjoy it, but I ended up paying for him, so whatever!

The best salmon I ever had, and it was at a BUFFET. The eggs were good, shrimp was good, canadian bacon, fruit plate. YUMMY!笑
Awesome. While the food itself is rather basic and not groundbreaking, the all you can eat aspect is well worth the price of admission if you want to load up before venturing up and down the strip. Going directly to the chef to get custom omelettes is highly recommended.笑
We went here for brunch. Yes, it's a buffet, so do not expect the best meal of your life. It's an all you can eat extravaganza.

Then thing with Bellagio buffet is that it usually looks better than it tastes. For example the desserts were OK. I wouldn't grab seconds. I did like the raspberry sorbet though.

I loved the shrimp. You can't beat that.

And the surrounding people are tolerable. Meaning, no screaming kids and weird men leering at you.

I will probably try a different buffet next time.笑
I expected more from Bellagio buffet but after eating here I wasted my appetite and money for mediocre and few selections compared to other buffets I've been too. The transition from breakfast to lunch selections were poor as we had barely enough to grab from what food was out. The taste of the food I did grab were okay and could use some additional flavor.. I kept thinking if they made this food for people who preferred bland dishes. So disappointed and I will never come here again nor will I brag about it. We only went here because we watched Andrew Zimmerman's show when he did a Vegas trip to try out buffets and this was one of them but man..  Starting to think that was an exaggeration. We were too hungry to even walk any where else since we walked from MGM just to eat here too.. So I give a 2 star just to be nice .笑
Okay, it's Vegas. How can I pass up their buffets?

For lunch on a weekend, it was about $25 but because I went with a group of 11 people, they automatically added gratuity. 

At this buffet, they either have Brunch or Dinner. And we came right before  Brunch ended so we got both Brunch and Dinner!! Honestly, the hotel is pretty sweet. But I wasn't that much a fan with their buffet. The only things I really did enjoy was the prime rib and their crab legs. However, with the crab legs, they never put enough out at a time so, sometimes there was a line and sometimes there wasn't. I think they might have been remodeling something in their buffet though, 'cause there seemed to be a lot of white walls up and certain areas of the hotel and casino floors still had stores that weren't open yet. It was alright for the price, I felt a bit gipped - but hey, it's Vegas.笑
Why do people wait in hour long lines for a buffet? I guess it's Vegas. We had passes to avoid the wait, and figured why not gorge ourselves a little.

For a buffet, it was fairly impressive. The sushi alone propels the Bellagio above most Vegas buffets I've heard about. But it is still a buffet. You won't spot George Clooney eating here.笑
I can't give more than one star because the price is too high for nothing! First of all they charge us full price for my kids, I can understand for one, he is 14 but for little one, she's 9, that's crazy! Second one-the food was absolutely not good at all, not even one dish was good... Maybe just chicken noodle soup... But I believe 36$ for chicken soup it's tooooo much! I do not recommend it!!! 
It's not what I expected from Bellagio笑
$50 a person. I guess this is standard buffet price here on the Las Vegas  strip. If you're into king crab legs cut in 1/2 or shrimp, the price is worth it. They served prime rib, lamb, Turkey, bbq chicken, and pork loin as well. The asian food area was very sad, the sushi was sadder, the desserts were buffet standard although I'd have e to say their dessert panna cotta shot cup  was a nice little treat. Standing in line was a 30 minute wait and this was on a Sunday around 5pm.笑
What a waste of beautiful spaces. Yes its beautiful inside of buffet. Very busy from all the tourists flocking to see famous bellagio and eat at the buffet for the first time but for someone like me who has been patronizing bellagio for 8 years its really no big deal. They rarely change menus here and food looks good but doesn't taste good if you know what I mean.  They cut down on variety of sushi among other stuff. I keep on trying wishing maybe it will taste better today.  I think its time to find a good tasting buffet somewhere.  My service was bad as well. My waiter with an accent had so much attitude it curved my appetite. Why an attitude? I wonder he thinks that I will give him more tips if he gives me an attitudes lolllll笑
It was horrible... I had 2for1 lunch voucher on the week day so it only costed us $25 for two of us ($30 including tips). So $15 /person for lunch in Vegas is pretty cheap deal but I would save my $15 and rather go get earl's sandwich instead. 
Food was disgusting. Everything tasted odd ( even miso soup... How hard is it to mess up a miso soup?!?!) and not seasoned correctly. 
I remember this place used to pretty decent back in the days... But God... Please get rid of soft serve ice cream machine and get a decent ice cream bar!!! 
It was impossible to get drinks refilled. 
Servers were so unhappy working there. 
My advice... Pay 50% more and go to Bacchanal at Caesars palace. It's so much better quality food.笑
This buffet goes head to head with the Wynn's buffet for the best in Vegas. I pick the Bellagio over the Wynn every single time and I'll tell you why-- THE WAIT IS SHORTER.

Honestly, when it gets to the fancy $40 per person buffets, the food is pretty much the same. You get all the gourmet meats, all the gourmet desserts, and excellent service. To get anything else would be business suicide especially when you're catering to supposedly rich clientale.

The difference is the wait. The Bellagio used to be excruciating before the Wynn opened but it's manageable unless you come 7pm on the dot. Then I will laugh at you. That's like coming to the DMV after everyone's off work.

There is something for everyone at this buffet and it's good breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

One cute trick my brother figured out is if you come in towards the end of lunch and pay the lunch price, they will switch to dinner with the dinner foods. Thus, you can get dinner for the price of lunch. I'm not sure if they close down the buffet during this period, it's been a few months since I last visited.笑
***************************** 1425 ***************************

   I always like it here at The Buffet at Bellagio, especially during weekday lunch. It's only $23.99, it's a bargain for the quality of food they are serving. 

   The Buffet offers quite a few live-action cooking stations such at the eggs, crepe, spare rib, meatloaf, turkey, chicken stations. Guests may choose from the best of Italian, Japanese, Chinese, seafood and American cuisines, offered daily, or enjoy an exquisite champagne brunch on the weekend. Adding to the buffet decadence is a new unlimited drink option for $12.99 per person, for bottomless on Margaritas, Bloody Marys, sparkling wine or beer, quite nice.

   Dinner $34.99, Weekend Brunch $29.99, Brunch with Unlimited Champagne $42.98, Holidays Buffet Chef's Table (Gourmet Dinner) $64.99.

  Their dessert selection is also quite awesome. Their Sushi station is weak, but the carved meat stations and the Italian station make up for it.

  It's $14 LESS than Bacchanal Buffet at the Caesars Palace, but honestly, how much one can indulge before slip back on your bikini for a pool party? You don't want to look 5 months pregnant, do you?

   If you're a M Life member, Gold, Platinum, or Noir, you can go into a separate line, not bad at all and you can use your Express Comp here!笑
I' m absolutely  disappointments about this place! $70 for 2 people in brunch time! Nothing to eat, only sweet deserts and bread. If to be honest,  food was so-so!  I don't know about diner  time food, but I'm strongly  recommend  ignore this place  in brunch time! :(笑
Oh man was this place nasty. I went with a group of friends for a weekday dinner buffet (on a Thursday night). NONE of us found anything that we liked to eat and we left feeling unsatisfied and not even full! A lot of the food tasted over-salted but it was especially noticeable in the crab legs. It was nice that they were pre-cut, but was it really necessary to pour a whole shaker of salt on it?? 

One of my friends unfortunately got food poisoning at the buffet, most likely from the sushi (the only thing he ate that we didn't) which spoiled our evening because he needed to be near a bathroom.

I was VERY upset at their dessert selection. All of the cream/mousses tasted watered down, everything had the wrong texture or taste and there was only one decent dessert. It was this nutella in a cone with some orange on it. But it is pretty hard to go wrong when there's nutella. 

Even though the price was decent for a dinner buffet, with other buffet options available in vegas, Bellagio's dinner buffet is definitely not worth trying.笑
I went to this buffet with a friend with a lot of rewards points or some kind of vip club status so we were able to go to the front of the line and let me say that if I had waited in the crazy long line that was there I would have been super pissed and that is one of the main reasons I am dropping this review to 2 stars.

If it had not been for the long line I and the price would have been reasonable I might have given 4 stars because as for buffet food the quality and choice was good, NOT amazing but good.  The atmosphere was nice, good decor and service on par but for the price and long line.... Meh, there are better choices in Vegas笑
Not what I expected for the price.  Its the Bellagio; the name should speak for itself.  Cold crab, subpar food, nothing really hot and the wait times for what?笑
Normally I do not condone binging until you pass out in a food coma...oh no wait...I LOVE gorging myself on food!  And the Belllagio's buffet was the perfect place to break out my stretchy pants and devour towers of food.

The wait was about an hour long, but I have yet to go anywhere in Vegas without a line.  Wait it out, man.  Be patient.  That pile o' stuff you are going to shovel in your mouth takes time and craftmanship.  

We paid 25 bucks or so for the brunch buffet (5 bucks more for bottomless champagne, which I wouldn't recommend unless you want to get wasty-face). 

I made 3 overflowing plates of everything and anything you could imagine.  I had delicious greasy pizza, pasta, quinoa salad, huge strawberries, chow mein, pesto mashed potatoes (Uhmmm AWESOME), curried duck, cheesecake, eggs benedict, sausage, french toast...holy moly, did I actually eat all that?  Yes.  Yes I did.  Thinking about is is making me drool.

I just can't fathom a higher-quality buffet than the Bellagio.  Seriously delicious.笑
I went here for dinner on a weeknight about 6pm which was good because the line grew like a radioactive beast after that!  I was only in Vegas a few nights and wanted to make sure and try a buffet before leaving.  It wasn't bad and cost about $40 with tip.  It was too late when I saw the all you can drink offer for $12, that would have been worth it.  Food wasn't bad, it was good quality.  This just wasn't all the grandeur I had heard about Vegas buffets.  Someone told me that Caesar's Palace had the best but I can't confirm that myself.笑
ALL I REMEMBER EATING WAS CRAB LEGS, PRIME RIB, SUSHI, AND TONS AND TONS OF DESSERTS! I'd go back to eat the desserts alone! YUM!笑
We did our first Vegas buffet here mid-October, for a Thursday breakfast.  They have a good variety from juices, oatmeal, pancakes, meats, pastries, fruit and on and on, all very well prepared, hot and cold as appropriate, and tasty.  Really more than we middle agers could eat but well worth the $38 tab for two.

The service, however, leaves much to be desired, beginning with  the hostesses seating people, and to a lesser extent, the waitperson at the table.  The hostesses were haughty, unsmiling, unfriendly, bordering on plain rude, all of which is so unnecessary.  An old gentleman wandered up one of the two unoccupied entrance lines only to be rudely told it was reserved for line pass people and turned away back around to the regular line.  Fortunately, our line was very short and not a wait.  Common courtesy could have received this oldster with much more welcoming attitude, but apparently such is in short supply among hostesses.  Our table waitperson seemed competent but not particularly friendly, either.

Went back for Sunday breakfast at 7:30 am to find the full $54 brunch for two was in effect, with roast beef, all manner of fish dishes, boiled shrimp, ham, etc. along with traditional breakfast items as mentioned above.  Really, roast beef at 7:30 in the AM?

We'll be trying other buffets our next trip.笑
Stay away frm here! Save your $ and go some place else. I'm sitting in the buffet as i write this.  I was expecting alot frm the revs and i'm def not a picky eater by no means. The food here is mediocre at best. The sushi rolls are terrible. The crab legs are way salty. The dessert is jst ok. I would def not come back here. RIP OFF!笑
Came here in a Monday evening and received wonderful service thanks to the maitre 'd my family and I, had a wonderful time. 

We were first sat by the busy kitchen door, but when I went and asked for a possible table switch, the maitre 'd went above and beyond to give us a great table and make us feel important. He was a wonderful man from Lyons, and was super friendly to my very English family. Thank you so Much for the good food and good service! Our table attendant Ceee was very attentive and sweet as well!笑
Not worth it!  The eggs Benedict was good tasting, but cold!  All the other food was very bland.  They need to focus on quality and not quantity!!!  Too many selections of bland food!笑
The food here was amazing. Albeit the long queue, it worths. We came here on 28 Dec which we paid the holiday brunch pricing of around 40 incl. tax. 

The shrimps and crab legs are fresh and tasty. The waiters are eager to serve you drinks and collect your dishes. The ribs here were also good and not too salty.笑
Still my favorite buffet on Sunday mornings in Vegas, no question.

But check to see if it's king crab legs because without those, it loses a star.

however, the bread pudding is apparently the recipe from some woman who worked in the Wynn house and is straight up ridiculous and authentic as heck (we have some old school southerners with us to confirm but were unsuccessful in bribing the waitress for the recipe). I recommend vanilla ice cream and the vanilla sauce.

oh, and the herring is shocking good (never would have guessed).

Helpful tip: send friends over early to wait in line which you ferry bloody marys back and forth. (it's all about teamwork)笑
I am not a buffet guy but group I was with tonight chose this. Was ok. Not amazing. Everything was as expected for any similar restaurant in this area. Probly will not return.笑
普普通通，有点名不副实。周五的午市，价格是28美元。因为我不是住百乐宫的。如果住那里应该有优惠吧。有些东西是需要讲究的。即使是自助餐。

味增汤特别的咸！味增打的也不好，没有清甜的味道。里面的豆腐不是日本内脂豆腐，感觉用的是中国豆腐可又没有豆腥味。没有昆布，只有一些葱花。

越南春卷皮比较硬，应该是放久了。越南春卷的米皮最好的现泡现包现吃。里面的馅料没什么味道，基本是忽悠人。毕竟自助餐嘛（这算自我安慰么？）

中餐的部分基本上看不到亚裔厨师，所以我都没敢试（不是歧视，我见过寿司做很好的黑人师傅的，在欧洲的时候）。

喷了这么多也夸两句吧，烤鸡还不错，鸡腿还行，胸肉肯定是干的，放了挺久了。弗兰克牛排还是不错的，考虑到不知道能不能点生熟的程度，他们做出来的基本就是七分熟已经很熟了。中间看不到粉红色了都。

寿司有手卷，给的是辣吞拿鱼。我也没吃，看着就不怎么样。加州卷是没有鱼子的，撒白芝麻呵呵哒。

沙拉酱还行吧，千岛酱，意大利酱还有蓝芝士酱还不错（不喜欢芝士的，请不要试蓝芝士）

饮料方面lemonade也很奇怪，是没气的，不如叫lime juice好了。 ice tea是没有味道的，我的意思是不甜的，也别想着会有柠檬味。我问了服务员，她告诉我有raspberry味

总之我觉得各方面都很稀松平常，你想吃个饱肯定没问题。好就真心好不到哪去了。（笔者心中的比较对象是巴塞罗那15欧元的海鲜自助餐）。笑
food was okay. a good amount to chose from but nothing blew me away except for their dessert! bellagio buffet probably has my favorite dessert selections out of all the buffets i've tried in vegas.

i went in during the last hour for lunch and they still had some breakfast items left but it was definitely not fresh. their salmon sashimi was pretty good and a lot of seafood dishes to chose from.

service was okay, i've had better service at other buffets in vegas. the only reason why i would go back to this buffet would be for the dessert. everything else was just alright.笑
We visited the buffet multiple times for breakfast while staying. They pretty much have the same things all the time, but there are a ton of choices. They have one or two omelet stations that include shrimp and crab. They will also fix you fried eggs there. They have a mix of breakfast pastries, fruit, scrambled eggs and egg whites, multiple types of eggs Benedict, smoked salmon, bagels, muffins, sausages, bacon, biscuits, gravy, pancakes, French toast, waffles, oatmeal, yogurt, and more. They also have pizza that is really good, Asian noodles, veggies, and meats, and some more non breakfast foods. They also have great coffee and a full bar.笑
When my family go to Las Vegas for CES we stay at the Bellagio and always eat at this buffet. It's pretty good and lots of variety.笑
Well the anticipation of a "great buffet" was for nothing. The food was meh  basically a typical resort buffet with a couple extra perks. Desserts, taco bar, and sushi we're good,  prime rib, smoked ribs , flank, and Kobe beef were chewy and hard. Crap legs were small, skimpy, and cold. Fifty bucks really. Service was excellent though. In short save your money and eat somewhere else笑
Very pricey for what you get 

- 3 star like quality and decor / cleanliness for 5 star price - rather go to some middle of the road place like ballys or golden nugget

- staff extremely crass and low quality in terms of service - no hiring filters here - the table we were given was unclean and actually had to wait for someone to come clean it up - the server behind the counter didn't even know what chicken dish he as serving and when asked was unable to respond in clear English and has to call for his supervisor who didnt know either (no labels provided on this one)

- menu is not classy at all - sushi, pasta, steak - I could not find one decent item

- complete rip off at 35 dollars per person笑
After reading a few unfavorable reviews, we still made the leap to eat here on Christmas. Here is what we thought after waiting 2.5 hours in the crazy line. When were were at the front we were told it was a 4-5 hour wait in the regular line. 
 
Seafood. Crab legs. Ehhh. Only served chilled along with shrimp. Not bad but not great either. Chilled seafood. 3. Hot seafood included salmon and cod.  Salmon was decent. 3

Meats. Had rack of lamb, quail, prime rib, and a few others. Those that I ate, they were good. Quail was nicely seared and tasted good. 3.5 stars for meats

Desserts. Desserts had the typical selection of small cheesecakes, bread pudding, flan, ice cream. I had the flan which was good without that burnt taste but hAd a slight lemon flavor to make it mild. Nice texture. 4 stars. Bread pudding was good as well. 4. Only had a chocolate eclair when I was hoping for a vanilla eclair.  Did not try all but overall were decent, nothing spectacular. 3

Pastas and flatbread pizzas. There were a few choices of pasta dishes. I had a rigatoni with a cream sauce with other ingredients I forgot. All looked unique. The one I had was decent.  3. The flatbread pizzas were delicious. 3.5 overall

Service.  Only after being one of the fools to wait in "guest" line until we got to the front, did we wonder why there was a second line for invited guests and platinum or noir mlife members. Oh, by the way, if you pay $20 more per person you bypass the cattle line and go to the shorter line.  Are you kidding me?  Uncool to to not tell it at the beginning of the cattle line. The ratio seemed to move at about 2 to 1 in the pay extra line to guest line. Way uncool. -2

Overall. I am not a buffet person but the food was okay. Would I do it again to wait in that line? No f'ing way. We were super peeved at the way they squeeze more money out of people by randomly choosing people of the $20 per person extra line. That made the cattle line that much slower. Add multiple expletives here.

Never again.  Sorry it was okay but nothing spectacular.  That line wait to find out about the other line just ruined the experience overall.  3 without the line wait. -1 for that line.笑
20 years I waited for this slop. Everything was lukewarm at best. Desserts that were supposed to be cold were warm. My 17 dollar cocktail gave me a good buzz for 5 minutes so 1 star for that. 2nd star is for service. Remember people...its a buffet. Lower your expectations or you will be slapped in the face by disappointment like myself.笑
We came a few days before Christmas and of course we had to pay for the holiday pricing of close to $50/person (which was to be expected during the holiday; not complaining about the price). The line extended all the way outside and around the buffet. I took this as a good indication of how good the food was going to be.

We were quickly seated (had the front of the line pass). It took awhile before someone came to get our drinks. Seem like they were a bit understaffed that evening.

ONTO THE FOOD:

Pho Station: 
Not really a pho station since they didn't even have the pho rice noodles. Instead you get to pick either udon or mei fun (Chinese cellophane rice noodles; yes these were rice noodles but they're not the ones you find in your standard bowl of pho). The broth was either the dark broth (which honestly tasted like can beef broth; very salty) or the vegetable broth (which tasted funny). Definitely suggest you skip this station.

Hand Roll:
To my excitement I saw sheets of seaweed next to the sushi bar. I asked if those were for hand rolls and the guy said yes. So I asked for a California hand roll...  Nope, only roll they make there is spicy tuna hand roll. Great for tuna lovers, not so great for me.

Crab Legs:
They had 2 separate areas where you can find the crab legs. (Good job! Crowd control.) Once you select your legs, you can ask one of the staff to heat it up for you. The legs were hit or miss. It's mostly just ok tasting legs with the occasional super yummy/sweet legs in between.

Salad Bar:
Who pays for a $50 buffet to eat salad? I do! (Mainly because everything else just looked whatever... so sad) I have to say, this was the highlight of my buffet experience. Three types of greens you can select from. A variety of toppings.

Dessert:
Lots to choose from. Portion was nice and small so you are able to try everything. I love flan so I had to try one of those. It was just ok. Didn't bother finishing it. 

OVERALL:

Would I come here again? I don't think so. For that price I would rather eat at Bacchanal.

What a disappointing first and last meal here :(笑
One of the best buffets on the strip.  They have such a large selection of food, it's sure to make anyone happy.  The prime rib and king crab legs (which are sliced lengthwise, so all you need to do is scoop the meat out) are favorites, and you won't be disappointed.  

Only reason I cannot bring myself to give 5 stars is mostly because of the wait.  Unless you manage to get yourself on one of those super-exclusive "I am a high roller and make more money than you" lists, you will wait in a rather long line at night with the rest of the commonfolk.  Staff is courteous for the most part, and the waiters/waitresses were pleasant and got drink orders to us timely.

All in all, I would definitely go back again.笑
Meals always taste better when they are free.  Especially a buffet at the Bellagio!  My friend and I played credit card roulette to decide who pays for his buffet and the other persons.  Luckily for me, the cashier picked his credit card :) .  

We came around lunch time, and the wait was minimal.  We paid and got seated within a few minutes.  Great!  Then we gathered a bunch of food and feasted.  I got the scrambled eggs, pesto mashed potatoes, pasta, fried rice, etc.  Everything tasted great.  I got seconds fairly quickly, when I should have rested for a little while.  I started to get full, and although I managed to get a third plate, I regretted the last.  

Moving on to the desert, they had a ton of selection.  I got the cheesecake and bread pudding.  They tasted fantastic.  

Free buffet? Win!笑
Great variety! 
Amazing place.
I recomend to anyone who wants to eat like a king for less than 30 bucks...笑
Ideal place for dinner if you love or love to try 3 things: prime rib, sea bass, and king crab.  They already cracked open the crab legs for you,  so no time is wasted in gobbling your money's worth of sweet meats.  However, don't expect a nice sushi bar or even decent Asian food here. 

It's not an all-around, all-star buffet.  Just one that excels in "high ticket" items (yay for king crabs!)笑
I'm pretty picky when it comes to buffets. Quantity doesn't overpower quality...I've been to every buffet at the major hotels and all I can say is WOW WOW WOW. Bellagio's is by far the best! I've come many times to this buffet: we went again last night and it was simply fantastic.

The service here is excellent: doesn't matter whether you're dealing with a server, hostess or the people in the charge, they always make you feel like Royalty. We were seated quickly, given the table of our choice and our server was really great. he checked on us often and we didn't have to want for anything.

Now the food, OHHHH the food....this restaurant has by far the best selection. They have everything from comfort food to International to Kobe beef, friggin delicious pesto mash potatoes, curries, sushi, mac n cheese, chinese dishes, pizza that blows the local joints out of the water, and AMAAAZING desserts!! Their cheesecake and pecan pies are worth every calorie. Every dessert was great.

I've been here many times and there isn't one item isn't that I tried that isn't delicious...we ate a ton and left feeling very, very satisfied.

One other thing I've noticed: the food here is made with really good quality oils and ingredients: even though we always eat a lot, we always feel light in an hour or so. There's never heartburn, indigestion or anything like that. Great, great quality.

This restaurant is by far superior to the other buffets at the hotels...and surprisingly, more reasonably priced! If you come to Vegas, you HAVE to try this buffet...they are by far the best one.笑
A theme park but truly the best meal I have had in my life so far, YUM!! I only wish I would have arrived much earlier so I could have eaten faster. I think some people around me thought I hadn't had food that week. Don't miss out!笑
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas, aside from the Wynn.  The decor is nice, and the food is even better.  Their desserts are ridiculously good, but don't expect a big dessert selection during breakfast.  The best time to go is around 10:30, right before they bring out the lunch items.  Be aware though that if you're there during a holiday weekend, prices will be higher than usual.  However, the Bellagio makes sure you get your money's worth.  The last holiday weekend we were there they offered beef wellington, 4 different kinds of macarons, lamb, and way too many other things to name.  You won't get this quality of food anywhere on the strip for this price!笑
I'm a girl who knows her buffets. And I know people who don't like buffets (fools, I tell you, fools!) who like this buffet. But let's make this about me. It's not a big deal if this buffet impresses someone who doesn't like buffets. Because they walk in (or were perhaps dragged in) already hesitant.

Let me reiterate. I know my buffets. And let me tell you this: This is a buffet to top all other buffets. The crowning jewel of buffets, if you will. And with my love of places like Hometown Buffet where it's a strip-mall bargain, let's just say, at $29.95, my expectations for the Bellagio Buffet are pretty sky-high. 

Surpassed.

I had dined here once several years ago, remembered it was good, remembered I liked it better than the Wynn buffet, but just hoped it would be a good choice still. Success. We had dined at the Monte Carlo buffet the night before, and though it was one-third the price (buy-one-get-one, woo!), the Bellagio Buffet was worth every penny in comparison. Service was better (even with a long wait!), too.

Wandering through the buffet, I felt like Alice in a food wonderland, marveling at the choices. It was also my first time here as a pescaterian (formerly vegetarian), so the seafood choices rolled out before my eyes. Swordfish! Sushi! Somebody stop me!

I realize this sounds pathetic, but I don't care ... I was in such a blissful state during this meal. Perhaps it was the company of a dear friend, or the fact that I was on vacation. Or quite possibly that everything I tried was freakishly delicious. Anyway, I entered a state of zen during my dining experience here, and what I'm trying to say is, you'd be foolish to skip this place on your next trip to Vegas.笑
Short and simple, this buffet was decent, but didnt live up to the hype, and seemed like just your average buffet.  The food variety was decent, but quality was lack-luster, the only thing I really liked was the prime rib and the plethora of desserts.笑
went during thanksgiving with family.....wait almost 3 hours to get in, food (sushi/crab) is mostly cold and feel frozen, huge disappointment.  Went to Wynn next day and their buffet is much better with shorter line....won't bother here again.笑
Pros:  The very wide variety of food... from seaweed to prime rib to pepperoni pizza.  And the desserts were superb.  Each different kind is like taking a little bite out of very high-quality cakes.  I liked the chocolate mousse the best, although the key lime pie was a close second.  There were also sugar-free alternatives but 'what is the point' is what I say to that!  Another pro is the fast and friendly service at your table.  At buffets a good barometer of service is how they quickly whisk away your used plates keeping your table clear for more to come!  Another pro is the price: I hear that the quality here is comparable to the new happenin' buffet at Caesar's Palace, but $15 less expensive.

One con:  I love ribs so I tried that first, but the texture was tough and chewy.  So only 4 stars because of this.笑
I used a MyVegas reward this time so I can't really complain that I'm not getting my money's worth.
I made it in before the dinner changeover and waited in line again to get seated....and waited....and waited...finally I get asked to follow a host and she tries to give me a table right infront of the entrance.
No thanks.
I ask for another table and was asked to stand by the entrance.  
And so i wait... And wait again.
I glance over to where all the hostesses are standing and chit chatting amongst themselves until I got the attention of one.
Here is what I hate...
I got asked to stand to the side...which is fine....but instead of walking over to me to show me to my table... The lady beckons to me with her hand from across the way.  
15 minutes have passed from the time I got my receipt and I got seated. 
Food is fine.
Drink server is fine.
Hostess...not impressed.笑
Food was good. Price actually wasn't bad considering prices elsewhere in Vegas. It's a must try if you are going to be staying at the Bellagio.笑
IT DIDN'T LIVE UP TO ITS REPUTATION AND HYPE...

Bummer... I was looking forward to a fabulous meal. Some of the American food selections were pretty good, but they failed on the Asian cuisine part and everything else. They need to revamp their Asian selections, because it totally failed.

However! The spotlight was on their out-of-this-world Crème Brûlée!!! I had three! haha Mmm...!

So my suggestion is to skip on the Bellagio Buffet ($27.95) and try out the Wynn Buffet. I hear it's pretty good there.笑
came here for breakfast during a girls weekend trip to vegas. for the price $26, the value to food and quality of food was really good. there was 8 of us. i'm not big on buffets  as i always get yelled at my friends that i eat like a hobo, not eating the expensive stuff and eating the cheap sides and salads... OH WELL! that's what i like to eat! I am the queen of sides! lol.  anywho... from the things i ate here is the list of things i liked the most:
1. pesto mashed potatoes,  basil +pine nuts + oil oil + potatoes UBER Yum!!! i ate like 4 servings of this
2. eggs benedict. 
3. prime rib with the aju and horse radish sauces- so JUICY! 
4. Cesar salad. 
5. Pizza, the one with shrimp and spinach
6. smoked salmon笑
Day: Tuesday afternoon 
Time:230pm
# of ppl: 7 (4 adults, 2 teens, 1 kid)
Price: $28.99 plus tax adults and kids over 3.
Back again? No, never! 
Tips: go for ceaser, aria or wicked spoon!

Pros: 
1. servers/employees friendly and attentive 

Cons: 
1. Price because kids don't eat much, just pizza. And I paid for two to just have 1 slice of cheese pizza. They had nothing much for kids. Go for Aria cuz kids under 12 are free! And variety and flavor was so much better. 
2. Besides from the usual crab legs that everyone goes for (which I didn't eat) the food had No flavor in any foods. It was just bland. Nothing that I wanted to say "oh this is amazing!!" And never went for seconds on anything. Food was very basic! No creativity!! Seriously, mash potatoes and gravy?! BBQ chicken (that's the only chicken dish besides rotisserie, and all they did was slather BBQ sauce on it) beef brisket, Green beans, plain mushrooms, plain corn on the cob, chicken noodle soup, cheese, pepperoni/veggie pizzas, cheese pasta? Mac and cheese? It seemed all like cafeteria sort of foods. Normal Sushi rolls that you can get at any grocery store?! The salad was just a salad bar with 3 types of lettuce and toppings?! Plain shrimp with cocktail sauce, breads and butter, usual fruit, usual dessert. Look at my pics. I suggest Ceaser, Aria and wicked spoon!! They won't be the usual mediocre cafeteria foods, I promise!笑
Starting off, I went on a sunday over Mexican Independence weekend. Their menu was altered for this event. I waited in line for about 20 minutes, not too bad. Compared to Bacchanal that was well over an hour. 

The food tasted pretty good and fresh. There was still plenty of variety in foods. My sushi was pushing my French toast off the plate. 

The only downside was that there is only one toilet in the men's restroom. And there was a long line for it. Who decided to only put one toilet at a buffet??

I would go back as an alternative to Bacchanal笑
Love this buffet!  So much fresh food and superior quality!  This buffet truly has something for everyone.  Being the foodie that I am, everything appealed to me.  The sushi and sashimi were very fresh and tasty.  Great quality for a buffet.  The prime rib was so tender and cut extra thick upon request.  I think this is my favorite buffet in Vegas!笑
In comparison with the Wynn, the breakfast buffet at the Bellagio fall short in quality even though it is a little more expensive. There were lots of options to choose from and it wasn't inedible but given a choice I would go to the Wynn.笑
Went there as a filler lunch... it was ok, nothing spectacular .... it seemed to be an enhanced lunch with more entries... it was like $25 which was high for what you got... they advertised Alaskan crab legs...but nowhere to be found....will not be back... prefer Wicked spoon, Wynn (of course) then Aria next. Have not been to Caesars yet... too spendy...笑
Bellagio had the best quality of food among the buffets I tried. Unfortunately, this buffet was not a part of the 24 hour buffet pass. However, after eating at the Rio Seafood Buffet, Flamingo Buffet, and Harrahs Buffet, Bellagio was much better as far as quality. The price is higher than the 24 hour pass buffets, but it's worth it.笑
OMG.  The desserts!?!  Need I say anymore?

Went here last time with my friends and we did the arrive/pay for lunch, eat the dinner.  I highly recommend doing this because you save $$$$$ when you each at odd times.  And honestly, if you're going to be out the night before, rolling out of bed at 1pm, getting dressed and walking over will set you at the perfect timing to eat here.

Food itself, compared to the other buffets has a wider, much tastier selection.  I had come here a few years ago with my family, and we were so rushed that we didn't get to eat everything we wanted to.  This is one of those places you really need to take your time to eat...cuz there's so much TO eat!  The beef wellington, the kobe beef, the rabbit dish, the sushi selection, the lamb, the pork, the list continues until OMG THE DESSERTS!  Every one of them is perfectly portioned to eat just the smallest size you want and then toss the rest of it.  YUM.

The place itself is kind of an older feeling because the place itself is a little older.  But the food makes up for it.  The conclusion: go for it, but make sure you're going at the RIGHT time.  Definitely one i will return to the next time I go again!笑
I just ate at the buffet last night!! It was delicious!  The cheesecake I did not really like, but who cares everything else was delicious!! I was really upset when the ice cream machine was broken!!! When I was about to leave it worked again!!!!!! I got really upset because I like vanilla ice cream better than chocolate. I had to eat chocolate with caramel syrup!! It was good but not as good as the vanilla ice cream with caramel sauce!!!! I also added sprinkles!! Honestly my favorite crab there was the snow crab!! And my favorite food there was the Ravioli!! The one that was stuffed with cheese no problem with the meat because the one with the meat was way too sour I did not like it. Everything else was delicious!! Just so you know, I am really picky with my food so sorry!! I'm really surprised that the buffet is good. Other Buffets are okay!!笑
To review Las Vegas buffets I've broken it down into 4 sections.

Appetizers:
As with all buffets they have an extensive selection of cold seafood item such as shrimp and crab legs.  They are all good quality with nice selections.  Well laid out and without any unattractive pieces.

Salads:
The Bellagio does well here as well with a large fresh selection of veggies and very nice quality dressing.

Main Entree:
This is where the Bellagio shines, even though this is a buffet, you can custom order a number of dishes prepared just for you.  Although I don't quite remember the name, all I can say is that puff pastry filled with that cream chicken was delicious.

Desserts:
Very good selection as well, but it is middle of the road in terms of quantity and quality.

Overall the Bellagio buffet is a place you have to experience once as it is the benchmark for all other buffet comparisons.


Decor: 4 Stars (As with the rest of the Bellagio it is well decorated)
Service: 5 Stars (friendly staff)
Atmosphere: 4 Stars (clean and quiet)
Food Quality: 4 Stars (very nice quality)
Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (its all you can eat)
Price: 4 Stars (almost worth the high price)

For a Grand Total of 4 Stars.笑
My pick for best buffet in Vegas. Well worth the price. Most buffets have a problem with keeping their food warm. Food is hot and great selections. My favorite dish is the pesto shrimp pizza! Super good!! Dessert section is great as well.

Can get crowded so I suggest getting in line early. 

*tip
If your like me and hate cold seafood, you can have your crab legs steamed. Just ask the chef at the seafood section.笑
I have tried this buffet a couple times, dont understand why its rated so high.
Lunch is very ordinary, not great, not terrible. 
Dinner only marginally better
And its one of the more expensive buffets....plenty more with better price and selection/value, such as Spice market @ PH.笑
I heard things about this buffet but maybe those things were only true a while back.  $31 for a champagne brunch where they don't allow you to substitute some peach puree for the orange juice because you are allergic to oranges...whatever.  It was good times raiding the fruit section to try champagne with cut up melon and it was very nice of AJ to muttle some fresh strawberries for us to use in our champagne.  I'm surprised they didn't stop us and charge us $12 extra for it.

The food options were decent but it wasn't as great as it had been made out to be.  I liked having some fresh eggs made for me so I could top off my janky version of eggs benedict that consisted of wheat toast, sliced prime rib, country gravy, and two eggs over medium.  The scrambled eggs were either runny or very dry.  The french toast was a bit on the dry side.  The bacon was really good.  I should have added that to my janky benedict.

If it wasn't for the company of AJ and getting sloppy drunk on champagne I would have been very disappointed.笑
The Bellagio Buffet is not very good at all.  There is an over whelming amount of food and most of it is cold, greasy, and tasteless.  I have been to the Bellagio Cafe and would highly recommend their food over the Buffet.  Personally I would rather have one well prepared meal, than all you can eat mediocre food.笑
Opulence, voilà ce que m'évoque le brunch du Bellagio... De la nourriture à foison sous forme de buffet à volonté... Je n'ose pas imaginer le gâchis que cela représente!
Je ne me tenterai pas à décrire le contenu du buffet car je me risquerai à l'écriture d'un roman tant la liste est longue...
Mais il y en a pour tous les goûts!
Les boissons chaudes et autres sont servies à table. Il ne vous reste plus qu'à remplir vos assiettes. Pour la modique somme de 39 dollars!笑
This used to me the go to buffet of Las Vegas where you can trust the quality of food whenever you come. Came for breakfast, there was no food quality management at all behind the food. Waffles, pancakes, French toast were stacked high and had over fifty pieces just laying around so all of it was hard and cold. This is just a sign that they don't care about controlling the flow of food and giving customers the best food possible. Toasts were the same. Hard, cold. It just looked like people were trying to avoid working so they cook massive all at the same time. Please hire quality control management that cares and knows about good food. 
Bellagio buffet went from go-to to no go.笑
Second time here, and they have not disappointed!  Excellent choices for all the phases of your buffet gorge-fest.    Shrimp is hit or miss.

Desserts are less than the Wynn, but overall pretty good, and always fresh.  

Salad bar seems to be a vast desert with no takers, they could easily reduce this and put in another meat station...

It's pricey for dinner, but they've got crab legs by the crateful, so it's worth it.

Yes, I'll be back.  Again.笑
Charging full price for kids over age 2 is ridiculous. Food is OK, but waiting lines and price is too much for what is offered. Take your money somewhere else.笑
Crab legs were awesome.  I wished they had more variety of sushi.  Overall  I was disappointed. I've had better buffets and expected more from Bellagio.笑
I was expecting a very good buffet for the price and the wait.  I tried a variety of things and it was mediocre to terrible.  The food was not seasoned well.  I tried the ceviche and it had a Mediterranean flavor that was just not right.  The crab legs were cold, although they heat them if you ask, it felt like a pain to do.  The sea bass with bok choy was the best thing I tried.  Overall, I expected more from a buffet at the Bellagio, friendly staff though.笑
Two words, Kobe Beef.  Yep, the Bellagio Buffet serves it.

By far the best buffet I've had in town in terms of quality of food.  Price not so good, but when the seafood buffet at the M is now 29.99, with this being 34.99 for dinner, it becomes a great bargain and has wonderful seafood.

I've gone here many times in the early 2000's, but I don't remember ever being impressed with the food as I was when I went last week.  They really stepped up their game here and this is the only buffet I'd actually pay for in town.

One thing about buffets that bother me is that fish dishes are always overcooked.  They sit under those heat lamps and it destroys the dishes.  Not here.  I had absolutely the best buffet seafood dish, Miso Sea Bass.  Yum, still craving it.  My husband said the turkey was the most moist turkey he ever has tasted at any buffet or anywhere else.

While it is too expensive and too much food to go to on a regular basis, this is literally the best buffet in Vegas, clearly because I said so.  All of you Wynn buffet lovers can suck it.笑
Best buffet in town, hands down. I saw things here that I didn't see at other buffets. Definitely a great place to go.笑
Last time I went here, I felt that the crab legs were the item that would be bringing me back. So, I went back on this trip to get some crab legs, and now the dessert options are probably what will bring me back next time. I can't wait to see how they will one-up themselves next.

Here is the low-down: pre-split king crab legs and a pot of clarified butter, along with the finest chocolatey desserts ever found in a buffet, paired up with delicious angus roast beef and sushi-grade tuna/salmon and roast duck and quail and everything else you would ever want from a buffet. 

The kicker: $30. And its at the Bellagio, so you won't feel like you're a cheapass for going to a buffet instead of a pricey 5-star joint. Need more proof that its good? How many other buffets have a snaking line in front of them? The 20 minute wait is absolutely worth it, and everyone in that line knows it, so just join them and wait for the glory.

I've always stood by my opinion that this is the best buffet in Vegas based on food and price and location, and I'm sticking to it yet again.笑
Ahhh...The Bellagio...wait, this is the Bellagio? Compared to most casinos on the strip this might stand out as a nicer place to dine but besides the food selection there isn't really much going for it. 

To enjoy food you need more than just food tasting good. You need to have ambiance, the plate design, the smell, the lighting, and of course the flavor, but what's more is the service. The buffet at Bellagio had the selection but lacked flavors in most dishes, the lighting was dark and gloomy, the ambiance was dated, and the service...omg the service was horrible. One of the guest that sat behind us knocked over his water glass and shattered on the ground but none of the 2 wait staff, 3 hosts, and 1 bus staff bothered to assist him. I was shocked that some look at him and then just walked away as if nothing happened, not one of its "classy" staff even bothered to ask the client if he was hurt.

The Bellagio might once be the bar for class and sophistication in Vegas but now is where the blue collared workers from different parts of the world migrate to get a little taste of luxury but unfortunately they ended up forming a John Deere convention at the Bellagio. 

If you want to stay at a upscale place then try to Four Seasons or the Wynn resorts. You will noticeably recognize the difference in the client-el.笑
Great buffet! One of the best in Vegas. Huge selection of foods for lunch ( about $22) and dinner ( about $ 40) We walked out having gained almost 10 lbs. My ultimate favorite was dessert. Various cakes and sweets were available. From carrot cake to bananas foster. If you love red meat make sure to come for dinner. Endless prime rib, lamb, Kobe beef etc. Sushi selections were numerous. Would definitely eat here again.笑
This buffet is completely worth the price of admission. On the other hand, there's not really anything else I can tell you beyond what the other hundreds of Yelpers before me have already said.

Oh, the keno is kind of a funny touch. Who the hell pays $20+ to gamble in such a boring format? Aren't you essentially just tacking extra money on to your buffet bill? Weird.笑
Now this is what I call a meal. After eating lunch at the disappointment that was Pho at TI, I was definitely ready for some real food. The Bellagio buffet has been known to be one of the best buffets in Vegas. I don't think I've been here for dinner so I was pretty excited. My first surprise was actually the price. $45 for dinner is pretty hefty, even for a buffet, but I just thought of that as a challenge to eat my worth of king crab legs and meat for the price of entrance. 

After we were seated, I went straight for the king crab legs, which always seems to be in season here. They were good as always and I probably polished off a dozen or so. Moving on, I skipped all the other food sections and went straight for the carving station. Tonight, they had rack of lamb, ostrich, and roasted duck breast. The rack of lamb lollipops were definitely the highlight of the meal. They were cooked perfectly and the taste was fancy restaurant quality. I think I finished half a dozen of those before trying some ostrich and the duck breast. The duck breast was also very flavorful, but the meat was actually a little bit on the tough side. 

There were also a ton of other dishes that were quite impressive. I had an affinity for the mushroom ravioli with truffle essence, which was a winner over the lobster ravioli. The cocktail shrimp and smoked salmon were also my winners. I think the other only thing I remember that was good was the tiny ramekin with mac and cheese. 

The one thing that I was disappointed by was dessert. The offerings were just not that impressive and they didn't even have real ice cream. Soft serve isn't acceptable at a buffet as nice as Bellagio's. I will say that I did enjoy the sour cream cheesecake, which was probably my favorite out of the group. My impression for dinner was that it was good for a buffet, but it could have been a bit better.笑
Average. Not worth coming to. Would not go again.

This is how I feel about this buffet. 

I am being generous with stars, simply because for a normal person this place is just fine. 

But personally, I wanted a refund as soon as I got my first plate. 

The variety? Average. 
The quality? Average. 
The seafood? Weaksauce. 

I'm a bit of a snob, but everything from the prime rib to the eggs benedict was sloppy and meh. 

I know Vegas always has tons of mixed reviews, but you can count on mine. 

Go to Bachannal, or Wicked Spoon. 

DON'T COME HERE.笑
Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to.

I came to Vegas with two buddies who had never been. One insisted that we go to The Buffet at The Bellagio. I wasn't even all that hungry after snacking all day long, but we went anyway.

We arrived at about 7:25 on a Wednesday night, and had to wait in line for 45 minutes. I don't like waiting that long for food, especially when there are so many other options around. But it was worth the wait. And the $32.

After we'd been seated, we went to get some food. The table had a drink menu, which we ignored, but did order some Diet Coke. Apparently soda is included in the buffet price. My first plate included kobe beef, lamb, asparagus, chicken sope, chicken noodle soup, bread roll, pretzel roll, and sourdough bread. The lamb and beef were so-so, probably had been sitting out too long. But everything else was amazing. The asparagus was a little buttery and easy to chew. The chicken in the sope was tasty, the salsa spicy, the tortilla soft but not too soft.  

Plate 2: beef sope, Thai spicy beef, fried noodles, pineapple fried rice, barbecue chicken pizza, more bread. The fried rice did not taste good, but again, everything else was amazing. The BBQ chicken pizza, in particular, was the best I've ever had.

Plate 3: more Thai beef and noodles, more pizza, more bread, turkey with gravy, pork buns. The turkey was pretty average turkey, and the buns were getting a little hard. 

Dessert: I pretty much had no room left, but had to try the dessert anyway. Sadly, most of the chocolate desserts were gone. I had a square of cheesecake, some raspberry sorbet, chocolate ice cream, and watermelon. The cheesecake was that kind with two layers (in addition to the crust), which isn't my favorite, but was tasty, regardless. The sorbet was too sweet, but the chocolate ice cream was great.

My stomach hurt as we left. But it was worth it. My friend told me that he can't wait for someone to get married so we can have a bachelor party in Vegas. Just to go to the buffet again.

Also to note: you pay ahead of time and can include tip then. I'm typically against this, but go ahead. The servers are friendly and efficient. I suppose you could leave some cash on the table after you eat if you want as well.

The buffet also has sushi, seafood, salad, and all kinds of other food that I either don't eat or didn't have room for.笑
I was in Vegas last March for a wedding and one of the stops that I was fortunate enough to reach was the Bellagio's buffet!!

Man, this place had E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!  It had asian food, seafood, different meats, a dessert bar as big as the sushi bar, and a salad bar to top it off.  I'm a bit of a fattie when I find food I like and while my girlfriend and her parents finished at 2 plates.. I didn't satisfy my craving until 5.  I knew I wouldn't be coming back anytime soon so I had to get my fill of this place so I could savor the many flavors in my memories.  Here's a list of what I remember having:

-Herb Roasted Potatoes
-Stir Fried Vegetables
-Sliced Ham
-Lemon Salmon
-California and Unagi Rolls
-Potato Salad
-Jello
-Frozen Yogurt
-Pizza
-Mixed Vegetables
-Key Lime Pie
-Cheesecake
-Chocolate Pie
-Creme Brulee
-Chocolate Eclair

There's probably more but since it was all the way back in March I can't remember it all =P

This place is expensive though for dinner.. about $50 a person when I went. But hey, it's Vegas.  I would definitely recommend this as a MUST if you're ever in the area.  Despite the high price, you'd probably see me here again and again if I lived near by.笑
The buffet has gotten some good write ups, so we decided to give it a try. Sadly, we were disappointed. The crab legs did not taste fresh and the other dishes, I felt, were not cooked to please the palate. With world-famous chefs working at the Bellagio, I was quite surprised. I really can't remember a thing I enjoyed there. Maybe in the past this was a good place and the reason for the write ups, but I don't think that's the case any more. We actually enjoyed the buffet at Sunset Station a lot more. The food had a lot more flavor and had us wanting to go back again and again.笑
read the reviews wanted to try it out. it was not worth the $40+ i pay for dinner.
I went during the specials on friday. it was nothing special at all. only thing i like was the king crab legs. everything else was less than average.
i pay less for buffets with more seafood selections and tasty deserts.

it does have a lot of option but not worth to try. the staff on the other hand was great.笑
When you first step into the buffet at the Bellagio, you will get a nice feeling due to the magnificent atmosphere. You are greeted by friendly hostesses and waitresses. 

There is a variety of food and desserts. The food is mouth watering. You cannot go wrong with the Bellagio Buffet.笑
The Bellagio Buffet was not the best.  All the food tasted bland...really bland!!!  For their service, I'll give that a 3 Star.

After waiting in the long line for dinner, and seeing the high cost to eat, I thought this would be the place.  When I finally got seated, I took my tour around the food court and I saw lots of food that caught my attention.  Everything looked so good that it must be really good.  Once I loaded my plate, I was ready to sit and eat.  When I took my first bit, goosh...it tasted bland.  Everything on my plate was not good.  The food didn't really have any taste to it, which I was disappointed.  My anticipation to this was wrecked!!!  After waiting in a long line and paying a lot of money, all I got was a distasteful meal (I'm sad). 

 I guess what was worth paying for is the presentation of their food.  This place reminded me of eating at the Culinary Academy in San Francisco, where you'll get food that is well presented, but tasted like sh*t.

Anyways, give this place a try and review it yourself.  I hope I'm not the only person that feels this way.笑
Icy crab legs, Sushi, Lamp Chops, Kobe Beef.

Pretty good, but expensive. About 40 bucks per person for dinner.笑
A friend and I wanted to try the best buffet in Vegas and were underwhelmed. We're foodies from San Francisco and admit to being very spoiled coming from the land of amazing food. The most impressive element was the beautiful presentation. The buffet was plentiful with lots of options. Overall the food could have been more thoughtfully seasoned. The crab legs and cocktail shrimp were watery. It was hard to get crackers for the stone crab claws because you have to get them from the server and we didn't see our server for quite a while. 

Stand outs were the pesto mashed potatoes, steak tartare, tuna poke, raw salmon, kale salad, cheeses & pizza. What fell short was the homemade bread, the pastas, Asian food and the sausages looked amazing but tasted off. We had just flown in and were starving but unfortunately, it took a long time to get seated and the line seemed not to move. It could have been because we arrived right at the lunch dinner change over, but no one mentioned that. On the plus side, the desserts were good and fun to sample several because they were small.笑
So much food! Unlimited Kobe beef, shrimps, dessert.... We ate so much we were not able to get up and walk out.  It's more expensive then most buffets and the line is usually very long,luckily we are vip so didn't have to wait in the same line as most people but it's worth the wait.  Delicious!!笑
Hands down the best buffet I had in Vegas ... Granted I only had two while I was out there in Vegas, But compared to The Wicked Spoon in The Cosmo this was hands down the best Buffet. Give it a try what do you have to lose ..but if your disappointed don't come crying to me.笑
I took a friend from out of town. Simply put it was terrible. 1.5 hour wait. unclean stations. Frozen crab legs that turned the melted butter back to a solid. Sushi was not fresh. This buffet has thrown in the towel, they simply can't compete with the new resorts. It's not worth 9.99 let alone the 29.95 and even if it was free its not worth the wait. Stay away from this place.笑
Bellagio has such a big name to live up to, and on the surface it does. The decor seems nice enough, and the food selection wide and warm. 

Bf and I went on Sat morning for champagne brunch. So we went off to get our food, and I had to wait in the omelet line forever, because I wanted egg-white, and the guy couldn't find it. When we came back to the table, bf's sunglasses were gone, and the waitress was telling us how she wasn't sure if we had left or not. Um, hello, we just sat down, why would we pay and then leave without eating? The sunglasses were never found again, and their general disorganized way of not being able to keep track of who's still eating and who's not really annoyed me. They should adopt a better system. I don't want to worry that someone's going to clean away our table just because we left to go get food.

Food is good, otherwise. I loaded up on smoked salmon mostly. We now prefer the buffet at Mandalay Bay though. They're way more organized. And the have windows!笑
My girlfriend and I are eating here now. We read some of the reviews stating that it was a great buffet and tops others in Vegas. Sadly that is not the case. The food is not good at all. The seafood taste disgusting, the pastas are bland, vegetables taste like butter, and the ribs are hard and dry. However, we did like the mashed potatoes and pizza. But I would not come back here again to pay $40 just for that. We also tried the Bacchanal at Caesar Palace and that tops the Bellagio in quality, service, seating (comfortability) and decor. We will definitely not be returning.笑
OK so after eating at the Wynn buffet for lunch after having a Deluxe Carnitas Burrito at the Barstow Del Taco for breakfast, I really wasn't feeling the Bellagio buffet. In fact, I wanted the food to turn into a baby alien and rip out of my stomach and kill me. That's how gross I felt.

We got seated next to a table of five coked-out bleached-blonde girls and a metro guy, who seemed to be having even less fun than me. I forced myself to get up and go get some food. And I was glad I did, because it is a pretty good buffet.

Plate 1:
- shrimps w/cocktail sauce: standard
- prime rib: tough and overcooked
- fake kobe beef: tough and overcooked and not that tasty
- grilled asparagus, carrots, and garlic thingies: excellent.
- tuna nigiri, ca roll, tuna hand roll: decent but awesome that they even had it

Plate 2:
- crab legs: standard but good
- bowl of congee, Taiwanese style: Hellyeah. 
- sweet potato mash: so good, must-eat
- chilean sea bass: BEST DISH IN THE WHOLE DAMN PLACE

Plate 3:
- more chilean sea bass
- more sweet potato mash

Dessert plates:
- don't remember what I got. What I didn't get but should have was the Creme Brulee. 

So I don't know if I ate enough to satisfy the $32 bucks worth, but whatever. I walked back to the car like a pregnant mouth-breathing incontinent zombie. 

So yeah, the Chilean Sea Bass should be your staple Bellagio buffet food. I didn't understand why people were piling on mahi-mahi and salmon and overlooking the Chilean sea bass. Maybe because I was hogging up all the space in front of it, drooling all over the dish. Suckers.笑
If you are a vegetarian, this place is definitely not for you. Expecting a nice dinner after paying an exorbitant price, i went in only to be disappointed. They were flooded with sea food entries. Since i am a vegetarian, i could just eat bread n butter, lentil soup and desserts. So the 1 star..笑
I think the rating is true to what it is... 4 out of 5. I happened to come here on the weekend so it was a Champagne Brunch. Like everyone here suggested. Come like 3-3:30 before dinner rolls out so you can pay the brunch price (no champagne is 24 bucks, with champagne is 28/29 bucks--i forget). The food was delicious with things, I'd probably have never tried in my life. Buffalo was decent but it was a little on the dry side. Prime rib was delicious as well as the lamb. Dessert was yum yum with creme brulee (that was bruleed in front of you). But the staff was attentive and pretty good about taking your dishes away once you were completed. I'd come back again!笑
Great buffet with unlimited mimosas, I only partook in the unlimited OJ Though. 

Definitely come here if you have a big group of people... and for those late stragglers, you can ask the host to let your guests jump the line and come on in.... Awesome (we were the late comers...)笑
Every time I go to Vegas someone wants to go to a buffet including me. My friend took me here 7 years ago and we have continued to here go every single year. This place is so good, I was asking him we gotta go!  The big draw is the Alaskan King Crab Legs. Wow! They was an empty bowl when we arrived the last time, but guess who was waiting at the number 1 spot?  Yeah!  The crab meat was huge like I last remembered.  Hot butter?  Bib?  

They have a huge variety of food types, like:  Italian, Japanese, Chinese, seafood and American cuisines.  We always have a little of everything and it is delicious.  I've never had sushi at a buffet, is it safe here?  Anyone?  My friend said yes!  Shhhhhh. I never tried it.  I only get sushi at my favorite Japanese places.  

Here are some tips:

1) For dinner, go early meaning before 6pm or expect a long line.  There has always been a line when we have gone. If the line zig-zags to the the casino - that's 1 hour. 

In January, they had a $15 VIP service which would allow us to cut to the front.  We had a show and we had a lot a food to eat so we decided it was worth it.  That trimmed 60+ minutes for us.  

2) Don't over eat, save room for dessert.

I've gone to a lot of Vegas buffets but this is my current favorite.笑
After hearing about the Bellagio Mimosa Brunch the husband and I had to try it. While there was anything that anyone could possibly want. It took way to long to get the Mimosas and I did not drink my $30 dollars worth of Mimosas. We went a little later in the morning and it felt as though we were the last to the party. Stations were closing and food was being removed.

It was a spectacular spread none the less and while we pigged out and had a wonderful time when I think of unlimited Mimosas I picture pounding them back one after another. I think next time I will try Wynn. 

This is by far one of the better buffets on the strip.笑
Overall, not a bad brunch spot.  I wouldn't consider this a must-visit place for Vegas, but it's a good choice if you're looking for a moderate-priced buffet (okay, maybe on the upper end of moderate, but not terrible).  We visited The Buffet for the Saturday morning Champagne Brunch.  Right around 10AM there was a short-ish line, a few minutes standing around and we were in.  Service was good, our waitress was on top of keeping our drinks filled and plates bussed.

The food selection isn't the widest around, but it's fairly large and decent quality.  I would have liked to see more seafood/sushi options and less generic breakfast offerings, but I really liked the seafood ceviche (with scallops!) and prime rib.  The dim sum was a nice touch, though tasted pretty average.  The desserts all looked delicious, and most of the ones I tasted (with the exception of the sugar free ones...but I guess that was my fault) were great.笑
We waited almost 1.5 hours to move approximately 100ft to the enter the buffet at 2pm on a Tuesday.  The buffet seems kind of small compared to others I have been to.  The food was pretty good, but the choices were limited and it was hard to justify because of the wait. The prime rib, roasted salmon, pesto mashed potatoes, and the Kobe beef roast were delicious!  Their coffee is also very good. Would I go again?  Maybe - if the line actually moved at a somewhat decent pace. There are others that are better.  Check the Wynn or Caesars Palace.笑
I like to go here during the breakfast/brunch hours. There is a lot of selection and two omelet stations. The salad and fruits also look fresh. 

The stations are neatly separated and organized and are wide enough for plenty of people to get through. 

Just prepare to wait in line if you are not a pearl+ mlife member; otherwise, little to NO line :)笑
I'm so full!  The Sunday brunch is pretty good. I enjoyed my made to order omelette, delicious and fluffy pancakes, tasty Obrien potatoes, crispy and meaty bacon and freshly made sushi! So much more and everything was scrumptious. My server Celia was great about keeping my champagne glass full (thank you, Celia!) 

Ambiance is that of a diner, not an upscale restaurant. Would give 4 stars if all of my food that should have been hot (i.e. polenta, chow mein) was at a hotter temp. Can't stand lukewarm food.笑
We never go wrong with the Bellagio Buffet. As vegetarians my girlfriend and I have previously greatly benefited from the chef counseling us on good gluten free and vegetarian options on the line. 
Generally there are more than enough veggie options to choose from. Our last server "Evie" (sp) was amazing. She made our dining experience extraordinary. My only complaint is with the line attendant. We had an M-life card and wanted to pay the up charge to bypass the line however on two occasions they had no idea how to facilitate things.笑
Bring out the stretchy pants!!! 
I love seafood! Loved their salmon and tuna poke. King crab legs that they will steam for you. SEA BASS was Badass. Grilled veggies. Shrimp fajitias!!! I didn't get to sample everything but we went there two nights in a row and I stuck to my favs. Had the banana cake and chocolate covered strawberries. Tasted a few other deserts but wasn't worth a second bite. Creme brûlé  was also good.笑
I've been to two Buffet Places in Vegas. And I have to say that Wicked Spoon is much better. The Salad choices here are limited, but tastes good. The best thing in this place is Their Pizzas! I tried three different flavors and they all were amazingly delicious! The Arabiatta Pasta was the worst Pasta I've ever eaten. So soggy and overcooked. 

The Dessert section was Good. They have to the Best, and by the best I mean THE BEST Fudge Brownie I've every had in my entire life. I always thought that Sweet Lady Jane has the best brownie, and they did until I tried this one.

Overall, Average experience, but I'll make it my third choice in Vegas.笑
For a 5 star resort they DEFINITELY do not have a 5 star buffet. After hearing that this was the buffet to visit while in Vegas I decide to go with my wife and our friends to this buffet and experience the mother of all buffets. It was more like a over priced Home Town Buffet than a 5 star buffet. The made to order omelets were that same as the omelets you get at El Torito Sunday buffet, which are good. The prim rib was very disappointing, it tasted like boiled meat. This was the first time I had ever tried eggs Benedict and they were disgusting. I hate to throw away food, but I had to push my plate to the side and let our waitress take it. The rest of my party assured me that eggs Benedict tastes a lot better than what was being served at this buffet, I guess I will give them one more try at a different restaurant. Just about every item that I tried reminded me of cafeteria food and if I didn't try it it was because it wasn't very appealing. I would rate the dessert bar 4 stars, the dining area was extremely outdated and helped support my thinking of this place as a cafeteria. Not that there is anything wrong with cafeterias but for $32 a person I was expecting a lot better all around. The night before, we dined at Tao in the Venetian and the average was $30 a plate and I will rate them 5 stars as soon as I am done with this. I would definitely NOT recommend this buffet. Save your $32 and go to a way nicer place with way better food and atmosphere. The only reason I give them 2 stars is because they did have a wide variety of food.笑
great selection! 

got here just before 3 on a monday. there were only 4ppl before us but for some reason it took about 10 minutes to be seated. do not try pushing your luck after that! the line grows terribly fast the closer you get to dinner and the smart diners arent going to leave in time for you to be seated, they want to see the dinner selection too! 

i was a little disappointed with a few things: eggs benedict was IMPOSSIBLE to cut with the knife i was given and when i tried to bite thru it, it was rubbery...i LOVE meat but there was only 2 choices of meat at the carving station (top sirloin and a flank steak?)...the desserts were super cute but some were a bit off and none of them made me want to get seconds. oh and i NEEDED to ask for milk because some desserts were too creamy or too sugary (which is weird because ive NEVER in my life have thought something is too sugary)...finally i think we left about 30 minutes after "dinner" started but didnt see a difference in what was being served. dishes were refilled but that was about it. 

yes the food was good, but i guess i came here expecting to try dishes that i dont see all the time and that taste phenomenal. minus a star for not serving anything that i wanted second helpings of.笑
I Love this Buffet! As another review stated this is as super clean and classy as a buffet can get!
We went on Easter and at $50 a plate I can say we got our money's worth!
Can't wait to go again!!笑
Does not worth the price at all !!!! They offer only limited foods and they charge $48 per person. You can spend this money and have a great steak meal . I dont recommend it to any one . Whynn  and caesar palace are offering better food.笑
Awesome, amazing and so much variety. So much crab people were filling their plates 5 inches high with crab unfortunately we can't eat that much but it was all very good.笑
When I tell people where I grew up they often respond with "I didn't know people grew up in Las Vegas." True, it's a transient town but whenever I get together with fellow natives I find it hard to resist the pull of the buffet. 

This much I've learned: Atlantans have fried chicken. New Yorkers have bagels. Bostonians have lobster rolls. And we Las Vegans have the buffet. Though I managed to be in LV for less than 48 hours, I made sure a trip to the buffet with a couple of old friends was on my itinerary.

On Sunday morning we waited about 20 minutes in line for the chance to gorge ourselves on prime rib, mashed potatoes, creamy corn chowder, soft serve ice cream with Butterfinger pieces on top, shrimp, roast turkey with gravy, slices of cheese, sushi, grapefruit segments, champagne and a lot more that I cannot recall at the present moment.

But as I dug into my plate I looked across the table at my friends and said, "Now I feel like I'm home. . ."笑
Not sure why The Buffet at Bellagio is so highly rated. We waited an hour to get into a mostly empty buffet Food was lackluster; particularly bad was the sushi (rice was cold and hard), BBQ chicken (BBQ sauce tasted like McDonalds packets), snow crab (snow crab is never that good but theirs was small with no flavor). Also the wine is crazy expensive, $17 for a glass of Chardonnay? They did mention the all-you-can-drink special, which is only a few dollars more than a single glass, but didn't actually say how much each glass is. One star for the desserts, which were tasty.笑
Good except doesnt have king crab in lunch hour.
sushi part some women was very unkind.
she is looks asian totally but as on her name tag she is from lasvegas.笑
Dont bother waiting, save your $$.
Food-one of worst low quality selections
greasy sausages, pizza, most meat were roast except turkey
No more kobe steak
Chicken noodle soup-where are the noodles&chicken
mussels-nasty tasting
Sushi bar eh.
Only thing decent-snow crabs
very disappointed used to be the best笑
I love this place This was THE best buffet compared to all buffets I've EVER experienced. Champagne Brunch was around $27 plus tax. they have diffrent cuts of meats and you can die a meat overdose, but what a way togo. they have just about every kind of food you can think.we went for late breakfast, and caught some of the lunch as it was getting set upthe options are amazing, tons of veggie creations, sushi, soup and meats, meats and more meats.. I love this place笑
Always serving up Alaska King Crab Legs for dinner.  If you like crab, make sure you hit this buffet.  We visit this buffet everytime we are in Vegas.  Food quality does vary somewhat and hence the four stars and not five stars rating.  On good days, the king crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktails, caviar (served on certain nights only), prime rib, and desserts are all wonderful.  We like their Chinese Food section of the buffet but really do not like the sushi section.   The rice to the sushi never quite tastes right.  I guess we have been spoiled by good sushi places in our neck of the woods.  So if you are looking for a huge varitey of food with some good mean seafood, give this buffet a try!笑
I was there the first time in 2009 and was so impressed by the buffet. I came back here in 2016 and couldn't express how disappointed I was...... Crab was really small. Meatless. Only a few seafood options. Not a lot of meat options either... It's definitely overrated笑
My friends and I came here for the champagne brunch on a Saturday. The line was pretty long, but once we finally got in, we ate and drank our moneys worth! The champagne was unlimited, and we stayed from 12:30pm-4:30pm... the longest I've ever stayed at a buffet! But I'm glad we got to try out both the brunch and dinner food! The dinner food is especially excellent. 

Our service was outstanding, because they made sure our champagne glasses were always full and came back often to see if we were okay.

I will definitely be coming back here for dinner... or maybe pull another double meal.笑
While My friends and I were in Vegas, we decided to eat at  the Bellagio's buffet. The overall ambience was very dark, the carpet smelled like old mop water as if it needed to be thoroughly cleaned or changed. The hostess walked us to our table and I opened up my cloth napkin and I noticed a critter of some sort crawling on the napkin. I immediately  notify the hostess who then returned with the assistant general manager, Robert Lucado. Whose only response was "do you want me to get you another napkin." He was completely dismissive, rude, arrogant, unapologetic and very unprofessional. He then became argumentative as if my reasoning for being upset we unjustified. He then began to imply we were the ones who put the BUG on the napkin. He also stated "I do not understand why you're so upset it was just a BUG on your napkin, I gave you, your money back what else do you want" during this visit I was staying at the WYNN hotel, who by the way were very accommodating... I've eaten at several fine dinning restaurants throughout my stay in Vegas and I have never been treated as such. Perhaps he needs more training. The Bellagio buffet did not live up to my expectations.笑
My favorite buffet.
Really good sushi, salad bar and the prime rib.  Thats what I go there for.
They have really good fish, but every time I go it's over cooked.笑
I want to start out saying, buffets are iffy. Usually they are a hit or miss, but this visit was definitely a hit! I usually love buffets, but only if they have crab legs, which this buffet had lots of! Either King Crab or Snow Crab. They are all on ice, but you can ask to get it steamed. As I said before, I love buffets, but my boyfriend is not so keen on buffets until he ate here! He was actually satisfied with his dinner and said he would go back. 
 I only gave it a four stars because they do not offer unlimited alcoholic beverages like Bayside Buffet does at Mandalay Bay. The desserts weren't great, but they did have banana foster and their ice cream actually tasted like ice cream! Also this review is for dinner only, which was about $30 per person.笑
We hit up the Bellagio buffet Monday night of Labor Day weekend and we managed to get in ahead of the huge line that formed behind us.  We did have a bit of a wait, but the line moved rather quickly.  It's probably the priciest buffet I've ever been to at $40 per person, but I'm glad we went there.  Unlike the breakfast buffet at Planet Hollywood, everything my husband and I tried here was delicious.  From the prime rib to the chicken to the pasta to the crab legs (why were they cold though??!?) to the chicken noodle soup to the mashed potatoes to the macaroni and cheese to all the different desserts, it was all delicious.  Too delicious.  I even loved my lemonade, lol.  I would go back if I could ever stick to just a handful of items rather than bites of everything!  Our service was excellent once we got past the rude lady who seated us.笑
After a morning of TAO BEACH mayhem, my friends and I headed over to the Bellagio Buffet figuring their food was going to be as great as their water show - WRONG. 

We went during a transition period, scoring the selection of a late lunch and early dinner for the price of lunch, also upgraded to the endless glass of champagne. 

DISAPPOINTMENT all around...where to begin? 
- champagne was just brut wine......domestic stuff....I know, I know, I should have known better considering the price. 
- decor/lighting was dark and very generic/Hometown Buffet. I kind of expected them to carry out the Bellagio theme throughout the ENTIRE hotel...how silly of me to assume such things
- poor transition from lunch to dinner. There were times where stations were empty...that would never happen at the Wynn
-salmon was doused in a bbq sauce! Fish is delicate, why on earth would you drench it in bbq sauces?!?!?!

Things that saved the meal from being a complete waste of money: 
* dessert array - not to say that it was good, but at least they have a wide selection 
* sushi - stay away from the nigiri pieces, it just doesn't look right, however the seaweed salad was good as was the poke selection 
* frisee/spinach salad with walnuts & cranberries 
* mac & cheese w/ bread crumbs - perfect size & taste

Atmosphere: terrible
Price: you get what you pay for 
Overall: Don't count on me to comeback, shell out the extra $10 and go eat at the Wynn - your stomach and taste buds will thank you.笑
My family and I went to the Bellagio buffet on a Friday night and we paid $37 each. It seemed to be on the somewhat pricey side, but the great variety of food made up for it. The line was took more than half an hour. That was okay since we expected it to be long anyway.

Some of the more memorable, tasty dishes that I enjoyed were Alaskan king crab legs, lamb chops, prime rib, Kobe beef, and sea bass. I especially liked the desserts, such as macarons, bread pudding, and chocolate covered strawberries. Soda and juices were included in the price. Service was good as well.

Overall, with such a price expected at Las Vegas, I think the wide selection of dishes makes this a decent hotel buffet.笑
Nothing bad to say about this buffet. Prices are very good I thought, seeing as its the Bellagio and Vegas. Thought everything I got was great! Great french onion soup, salad bar, and of course, the dessert section was amazing!  Loved that they had sugar free and gluten free options for folks with diet restrictions.  My husband said the omelette bar was great too!  I also highly recommend getting the fresh squeezed orange juice.笑
Sunday brunch buffet, after an absolutely atrocious visit to the Spice Market Buffet the prior night, which had us a little concerned that all the criticism of Vegas buffets was becoming warranted!  After a wait of around ten fifteen minutes we made it to the promised land!  Unlike Spice Market (once upon a time a Vegas fave of ours), just about all the food looked quite appealing!  How can eggs Benedict from a buffet be so darned good?!  I'm a massive fan of breakfast food, and nothing I had was disappointing.  Wife loves her fruit, and was especially pleased by the watermelon.  It was one of those experiences where you almost wish you were back in Roman orgy days (oops... wrong casino!) so you could go to the vomitorium and then come back for more delectibles!!!  I'm oh so close to giving the buffet 5 stars, but drop one as a result of mediocre coffee, the lack of personalized stations other than for omellettes, and too many limp and rubbery-looking pieces of bacon to wade through to find some crispier gems.  Thanks for restoring our faith in quality Vegas buffets, Bellagio!笑
We went to the Bellagio Buffet this weekend filled with memories of a super experience the last time we were in Vegas.  Perhaps it was because last time we were there for breakfast and this time we went for dinner - but it was just missing something.  Nothing I ate really struck me as delicious.  The prime rib was a bit bland and not very tender, the mashed potatoes were runny, the pastas were mediocre (the beef ravioli - blech!), the sushi was dry, and the desserts were just ok.  I ate a bunch of crab legs which were pretty good and made me feel like I didn't just throw away $40 on dinner, but overall I was let down by the experience.  I think breakfast may be the way to go here.  I will try another buffet the next time I am in Vegas.笑
I am actually giving this experience 2.5 stars, not 3. It is only even get that much based on past memories of fonder times. We just got back from dinner here at $35.95/per person and I can't believe the quality was where it was for that price. Maybe I expected too much based on all the good reviews and my memories but, let me tell you yelpers-not happening tonight.

Crab legs were good, that is about as good as it got for the evening. I felt like for the quality that this buffet was supposed to be at that the options would have been more plentiful. The paella was dry and looked like it has been sitting there since that afternoon, grandma needs a new recipe for her mac and cheese-it was dryer than the Sahara Desert. The flan tasted fruity-how does that happen? The cappuccino mousse had some floaty water on it. 

I don't know guys, I left feeling sad that we chose that as our buffet experience and at $35.95/per person. If you are looking for a good, solid buffet go to Spice Market buffet-I have yet to be disappointed in 9 years of going there.笑
Variety, Variety, Variety, Variety.  No family can go wrong in satisfying multiple wants at this buffet.  If the line was stupid long I probably would not eat here, but we caught brunch at the right time and all went well.笑
Waiting 2 hours..... Tiny crab leg...kobe beef is not good.... Never come back... Not worst $ and time... Don't waste your money笑
My boyfriend and family dined at the Bellagio Buffet last night and my boyfriend became incredibly I'll after eating the seafood there. We spent the entire day in our room with him throwing up and almost passing out. I called the Bellagio and told them what was going on to which they said they can only report it and do nothing else. In fact, tue manager worst seemed skeptical and said they cant do anything without tye receipt number. After I spent 20 minutes finding the receipt number they then asked me to give me entire credit card information through the phone. I felt like I was doing something wrong by reporting the incident.  They didn't even once ask how my boyfriend was feeling and was completely unsympathetic. They didn't offer any help or comfort. I am really disappointed in their service and execution of help during an illness and emergency.笑
The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is cold crab legs... you serve yourself the crablegs and you cant take all you want.. they arent being guarded like at the MGM Grand buffet.  If they served them hot...they get the fifth star.  Great selection of food...kobe beef...leg of lamb..excellent sushi and soshimi...seafood port au vent which I had never tried and is cooked to order was fantastic..  The peeled shrimp were huge and tasty.  Even the ice cream fixings are above standard with  sorbet and ice cream available with toppings like pecans and toffee chips..mmmm笑
I expected better for the price. It is close to the price of Wynn buffett and I think wynn is 100x better.笑
I was on a mission that night. My eye was on the prize. If I was going to spend $30 on a buffet, I was going to bring out the big guns. I saw what I had expected. Various steaks and fancier meats, assorted pasta dishes, sushi, but then something caught the corner of my eye. I lurked forward, skeptical, pondering if I had witnessed the "real deal." As I got closer, the excitement built until I knew for sure what I had found. The mother of all finds. Something that I had never eaten at a buffet before...

ALASKAN KING CRAB

I could barely contain myself. There were a few people in front of me who were taking their sweet time picking up those deliciously huge crab legs and I gave them my evilest eye. Finally, I had made it to the front and started to pile my plate with crab legs. 

It was glorious. The crab legs were already cracked in half for you, so you didn't have to work to get your crab meat. It was instant gratification that I had never felt while eating crab. I really liked it. The huge downside were that the legs were cold, but you can't always win.

I calculated that around my 3rd plate of crabs, that I was near getting my money's worth. So, I decided to venture off and try some of the other items. The prime rib was dry and the chicken wellington really didn't impress me. I went back to the crab legs.

That being said, the experience was worth it. Vegas buffet's really did meet my expectations and I'm anxious to try the others as well.笑
So much bang for your buck!!! My husband ate u limited amounts of stone and snow crabs! I loved my turkey, pizza and salmon. All food was delicious. It's a buffet so you don't get the high end feel but you sure get the super high end food! Would totally come back here in a heart beat.笑
I actually LOVE the idea of buffets. I love having several different foods to choose from. I love knowing I can eat as much as I want of anything.

The problem is, buffets never have anything I actually like.

Things I Don't Like or Rather Not Eat Because It's Totally Not Even That Good So Why Would I Have More Than One Serving Of It:

- Any kind of breakfast food: seriously. Why. Why would you eat several eggs. Eggs are plain, easy to make and cheap. A dozen eggs cost like $2.00 - $3.00. Think about it, you can have all the eggs you want at home. Why would anyone eat eggs at buffet?! Same goes with: toast, bacon, sausage, omelettes, etc.

- Prime Rib: Why do they name it prime rib? Tastes like Crap Rib. My bf loves it and I don't even know why. I feel so dirty after eating it.

- SMOKED Salmon: I've come to realize that its cheaper to serve gross smoked salmon than fresh sashimi quality salmon. PASS.

- California Rolls: Yes, I ate a bunch of this here (embarrassing, I know). They had 2 different types. Ones with the rice on the outside and ones with seaweed wrapped on the outside. oooh - ARE YOU SERIOUS.

- Magical Spicy Tuna Hand Roll: Homegirl made me a spicy tuna hand roll but it magically turned into a rice and sprout handroll. Where's the spicy tuna?

- Mac n Cheese: dude, no.

- Shrimp Cocktail: COSTCO STILL SERVES THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD.

- Any Kind of Pasta: Filler food.

- Mashed Potatoes: So creamy but I realized it was 5 parts butter, 0.05 actual potato.

- Desserts: They had a lot of desserts but nothing looked edible to me. 

Guess what kind of food The Buffet at Bellagio has?

Everything I can't stand apparently.

PASS.笑
I was looking forward to coming back to this Buffet after enjoying it many years ago. Boy, save your $$$ and find another buffet.  The crab legs were frozen (defrosting while you pick through the 'snow crab like' pieces), the Kobe beef was precooked and over cooked, the prime rib was not like I remember it (pretty thin and not very tasty).  Even the sushi was pretty limiting.  If you want sushi, go to Makino or Hikari, much much fresher and tastier.
All in all, paying $37 (including tip), was a bit much.  I think I will try the Wynn Buffet the next time I go there.笑
Yes, it's a little pricey for a buffet. I'll admit that. But, the quality of food that you get makes it all worth it. Everything they serve has a special little flair. Even the fruits that they have usually have aren't the standard apples and oranges. I'm still waiting for the Kobe beef to be served again. I think it may only be available on holiday weekends. 

This buffet has yet to disappoint me. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all fantastic. Rachel Ray also recommends this buffet. I will be surprised if I ever find a buffet better than this one. I thought the one @ the Wynn might have had a chance, but it doesn't even come close. A trip to Vegas is not complete without at least one meal at the Bellagio buffet.笑
Great buffet with a wide variety of quality items. The waiters were very attentive and quick to assist. The crab legs were good, but the salad area seemed a little low on items and the salad itself seemed a little old. However, there were so many other positives that made up for it. The tables and seating areas were very clean and comfortable.

I just felt it was somewhat overpriced, BUT was Very Good overall. 

I would definitely come back!

Well, I have been back several times with friends and just Love this place. It's great for the "morning after" brunch. Lots of quality items and no "guess what I am" lurking under the heat-lamps. You really need to go if you've never been! Very clean surroundings and Very Fresh food.笑
Alright, I had to give in... whenever I asked where to eat when in Vegas I was always told to come here... I did it... it's official... and it was goooooood!

If you want to eat one meal for a whole day this is the place to be! 

Especially if you like seafood cuz there is tonnns of it, however I'm not big on seafood and I still pigged out... 

They have this pesto pasta with chicken that is really good, regular spaghetti with marinara, salads, about five different meats at the carving station to choose from like prime rib... pork shoulder... lamb... sheer craziness.  They had about five different versions of mashed potatoes (yes I tried them all) they had regular mashed, pesto mashed, sweet potatoes mashed (my fave).  They had a bunch of breads, mexican foods, sushi, pizza, soups, and this seafood puff pastry thing they made by request.  

They had a ton of desserts to choose from and a bar right behind them... always a plus! 

The waitress liked to slam things down on the table though... but that was a norm around Vegas that weekend... perhaps it was a conspiracy. 

Anyhow, definitely... definitely test out this buffet when you're there, lot of food and it is tre yummy!笑
The food here was as great as at the Wynn buffet, but I found the atmosphere somewhat lacking in comparison. They had music playing that would have been more at home in a Chilis or diner or something. Friendly enough service. In the end... the Wynn was simply the best one all around.笑
The best selection of entrees and meats for buffets!

I luved the herb crusted prime rib, beef wellington, lamb roast, chicken marsala, chicken picatta and yummy pizzas..

The deserts were excellent and the service was outstanding.笑
THE LOW DOWN

+ $25 per person for LUNCH
+ Expect a LONG LINE, but it moves (somewhat)

THE FOOD

 + Scrambled Eggs: Delicious! Some of the best I've ever had!
 + Bacon: Crispy! Definitely get this!
 + Oatmeal with Quality Toppings: Really good!
 + Prime Rib: Pretty decent, juicy
 + Spicy Tuna Hand Roll: decent and fresh
 + Spring Roll: this is nothing like a Vietnamese spring roll, its loaded with hodgepodge vegetables and taste quite bland
 + Ice Cream: decent, little watery 
 + Won Ton Soup: decent, broth had some flavor, shrimp filling inside won ton
 + Fried Rice: semi-decent, little bland
 + Chow Mein: semi-decent
 + Fresh Salmon: decent
 + Bread Pudding: quite good, moist and soft
 + Turkey: decent, wasn't as moist as I would like it
 + Cranberry: good
 + Waffle: had a funky chocolate after taste!, not that soft either
 + Seaweed Salad: good
 + California Roll: decent
 + Calamari: decent
 + Watermelon: not that fresh
 + Honeydew: decent
 + Cantaloupe: decent
 + Orange Juice: decent

THE SERVICE

 + Server was friendly, courteous, and attentive

THE ATMOSPHERE

 + Clean 
 + Not too much traffic around the buffet stations, manageable to get in and out

Overall, a 3.5.  I would not mind coming back if I want a decent breakfast with some dinner selections.笑
We had breakfast here during the week. It was a hybrid brunch with a few lunch type items. We arrived shortly after 8 am and only waited about 10 minutes before we paid and were seated. My husband loved the omelet station and the bacon was perfectly crispy. Service was very good and even the decaf coffee was really good.

The cost of the buffet was about the same as the "sit down" breakfast we had at Cafe Bellagio and we had many more choices and fuller bellies!

Take the time to get an M Life card before you go and you'll save yourself some time getting in. Also get there early for breakfast and you won't be waiting with a rumbling stomach!笑
Here's Donald Rumsfeld giving his review of the Bellagio Buffet...

Is the food in the buffet good? Of course.
Would I eat at a $30 buffet ever day? Of course not.
Is it the best buffet I've ever had? No.
Is it worth eating at? Doggone it, probably. But only if you're really craving a buffet like a fox in a henhouse after you've already eaten at the Paris Casino.笑
Once you've eaten here, you really don't want to go to any other buffets. No, I'm not exaggerating either. I'm being completely honest & serious. This place is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! I came here 2 months ago and WOW, all of the food was delicious & not to mention the desserts.. YUMMY! I seriously cannot wait to go back to Vegas to eat here again! HAHA.笑
started lining up at 6:50pm and the line was pretty long. thought i would have to line up for 2 hours+ but surprisingly the line was moving pretty quickly! i sat down  in about an hour! super impressive with how fast the line was moving!!!

the food: prime rib was pretty good! one of the best ive had in Vegas Buffets. They had some crab claws that night which tasted more sweet than their king crab legs. However only if they can crack them a little better will be great.   everything else was pretty decent as for a buffet quality. 

the desserts: it was as good as i expected. everything was too sweet. Kind of disappointed cuz i love desserts...hope they can improve this section. 

the service: the waiter that served our table was always kind of in a rush and didnt finish listen to what we asked for and walked away very quickly. so this needs a little improvement as well.

im generous to give 4 stars cuz honestly $40 for sooo much food...its really decent.笑
So I'm a local and the bellagio buffet is one of my favorites on the strip ! The quality is usually top notch, but unfortunately today on April 29,2015 the food was quite disappointing. Not just one item but the whole experience tonight . My juice was super water downed and can tell it was old. Steak and pizza were super dry  and old tasting . The bass tasted not as good as it were the previously times I've came here . The desert was the best part but you can't really mess desert up . Idk if they got new Chiefs or it was just a bad day but I would like to let them know that their food game has gone down and isn't as good as it was in the past. Time to step it up again and reclaim your tittle as one of the best buffets on the strip because tonight it was NOT up to that standard .笑
best buffet in vegas hands down!

amazing selection with as much as you want, don't bother with any other place

but go on friday or saturday night to get the good dinner since the menu changes

amazing stuff like ostrich, kobe beef (not the real one sadly), beef tenderloin, duck, quail, sushi, king crab legs, etc

lots of desserts, too many too choose from, they are all good!笑
Let me start by saying after leaving here we took a cab - the driver asked how my day was and I said "well the buffet that we just ate at sucked balls but otherwise it's been a good day." 

To start with the dining room is like a glorified cafeteria, the layout of the food is lousy, and the general vibe of the place is much less classy then what you would expect from the Bellagio.

Now onto the food - yuck. I tried A LOT of food and the only reason I feel OK giving this place one star was because the roast turkey was awesome. Aside from that here is my run down: Mac and cheese = dry. Bread = stale. Prime rib = flavorless. And the crab legs tasted like they had just been defrosted - horrible!!!

So i waited for dessert hoping that it would redeem this buffet. At the end of the meal, my mom goes "the pastry chef should be fired, how do you fuck up chocolate?" . The eclairs were basically bread dough with a foul chocolate filling, the strawberry tart lacked sugar and creme brûlée didn't have a crust!!

So moral of the story? F this place - save your money and hit up the wicked spoon (best buffet I've been to - ever)笑
I went to this buffet twice in my most recent stay at the bellagio.  I have to say that it was just as good as the Wynn buffet and in my eyes better hands down if not for Wynn's crab legs. I'll have to call these two buffets a wash , but the prices are little bit lower here and it's easier to get in as well.

I liked the prime rib and lab especially, they had ribs and some other type of marinated steak. Shrimp aplenty, ceasar and other types of salad.

The dessert section was also very strong, bread pudding, carrot cake, various types of chocolate cake, Flan and my favorite...cream puffs. All in all much better than I expected.笑
Food is of great quality for a buffet and worth the money. Beef wellington on fridays and saturdays as part of their gourmet dinner buffet. One of the best on the strip. 
Went back and will be back.
 since its a surprise to so many crab legs are chilled on ice noopens @ 4. And the line gets long around 530 to 6笑
I'll make it simple.

Wynn buffet *GREATER THAN* Bellagio buffet

Both are good, and the market rating for Bellagio is probably 4-stars, but relative to my rankings, it stands at 3. Both have your typical variety of food and desserts, but Wynn is a few ticks better than Bellagio for the reason that my experience felt better.笑
Horrible experience!! Most of the food was way over salty and i like salty food but goodness that was way to much!! The brisket and new york steaks where full of fat and the cook got upset when i asked him to grill it a bit more.. the chicken was awful looking so i was getting piece from a fresher looking chicken that was also on display and i got yelled at and the lady insulted me in Spanish to another employee, miso soup was HORRIBLE!! Extra salty!! Sushi rolls tasted spoiled, our sever never came to check on us except once when we where leaving. Had i know how horrible the service and food was going to be I would have spent a little bit more and gone to the Bacchanal. I would deffiently  not recommend this place and will not be coming back!!笑
My favorite feature at the buffet at the Bellagio is that none of the food stations are duplicated throughout the entire restaurant. Each station is unique from the other. The food ranges from snow and king crab legs to roasted quail, from pizza to sushi, and beef tartar to pasta. The problem for me at buffets of this size is the sheer volume of food available to me. I want to try one of everything before I decide what is for dinner, and unfortunately, I start from the left to the right and serve myself a tasting of every station I never can make it through the entire restaurant. My favorite station is the desert station that I must stop at after every plate so I have a desert to enjoy with every serving, my favorite of which being the crème burley.笑
It's a buffet and despite the appearance of a wide range of options, it's really all pretty much the same thing. It's the illusion of choices.

There's made to order omelettes, don't usually see a wait.

There are three lines when you enter whether as a hotel guest, M-Life member or neither.  You can predict how well this works: people (especially non M-life members from outside the US) see the short M-Life line and run to the front then pretend to not understand the cashier.  Pretty sure this tip is listed on 636.cn 

For my celiacs - nothing is marked. Nothing. On the flip side, this is pretty high fat/high sugar stuff we should avoid anyway.

Check your utensil carefully before eating. I've had some dirty ones on my table. Stars are for the very nice people who work here as hosts and servers.i don't know how they do it with such a great attitude!笑
Over the weekend I had an opportunity to eat dinner at the Bellagio Buffet and also the Caesars Palace Buffet, both rated as some of the top Vegas Buffets.  I found the Bellagio Buffet having better quality food and tasting a lot better than Caesars Palace however Bellagio had a lot less of a selection of food items. Bellagio offers Caviar where Caesars charges extra for it however the Caesars caviar is of a lot higher quality. I was very disappointed by the cheese and Italian meat selection at Bellagio, very weak.  They both have basically the same crab legs and shrimp however Caesars has a lot more fish items and less meat items. I guess you can say, Bellagio offers better quality than variety.  However, the Bellagio dessert section is very weak compared to Caesars, if you are a dessert person, Caesars is the definite way to go. Bellagio was also about $10.00 less than Caesars. After seeing Caesars buffet, it made me realize that the Bellagio buffet needs a facelift, it's looking old and outdated.笑
Here's the deal: if you would like to gorge yourself on pretty much any kind of delicious food for cheap, what you need to do is arrive at the Bellagio Buffet at around 3pm.

Why? Because after you spend about an hour in line, you get in at the lunch price ($20), but get the dinner food (a $30 value). It is possible that the line could take longer and you might get stuck paying the dinner price, but isn't it only appropriate to gamble a bit? And frankly, I would have paid the $30 if need be.

I would probably skip the mac n' cheese, swordfish, and some of the desserts, but pile on the prime rib, sea bass, and crab legs. Oh, and I probably could have eaten a troph of the sweet potato puree. Yum yum yum.笑
what can i really say about this buffet?

there are so many options, i got way too flustered for "round one" and came back with half a plateful of crab legs and two slices of watermelon. (anxiety=inability to focus). round two, three, four, and five were much better. i think the key is to group complementary flavors together (asian flavors, meat, seafood, etc) per plate. 

i gotta say that the service was pretty good considering how packed it was as well. 4 stars in my book!笑
It's a buffet. It wasn't great but it wasn't awful. 
Overall: came here for brunch, left stuffed but not sick. 

(+1) Fairly small line at around Sunday 9am. 
(+1) Awesome house coffee. I was pleasantly surprised when the cup of coffee (that I forgot to ask for until the end of the meal) came out okay. 
(-1) A very normal food spread. No crab, no individual portioning. 
(-1) Smelly shrimp. Didn't even try. 

Would I be back? Doubtful. Would i visit any other buffet? Probably not either.笑
If you're cheap, come for lunch and stay for dinner.
If you've lost some money and want a way to avenge your losses, come for lunch and stay for dinner.

$21.50 for our buffet.  I think we stayed for two hours.  I can't quite remember what I ate anymore, but I felt like I had to be rolled out with a wheelbarrow afterwards.

They just kept bringing in more and more variety and I couldn't help but load up my plates.

Go creme brulee!  Go chocolate covered strawberries (both milk and white chocolate)!笑
The Bellagio Buffet is still one of THE buffets to go to when in Vegas.  Recently, I was comped for 2 buffets (includes 1 round of drinks).  Thanks, Bellagio!  With the comped buffet, I decided to pick and choose what I want to eat.  

Salad - I love their made-up salads - the one I had had blue cheese, walnuts, cranberries and greens - so tasty!

Prime Rib - THE BEST I've ever had, anywhere!!   So succulent, so tender.  I always have mine rare.  Load up on the horseradish!

Roast Lamb - It's OK.  I've had better before.  I liked it better when they had lamb chops.  Load up on the mint sauce.

Chilean Sea Bass - so yummy!  

Prawn Mountain - prawns as fat as your thumb and as big as the letter C made with your index finger and thumb!  Juicy, big prawns.

Pasta - the one with truffle oil and mushrooms - I only eat this one.

Dessert - too many good ones to mention.  Feast for the eyes and feast for the tummy.笑
One word for the buffet is overrated. 

They have the expectant buffet items, but the items were subpar. Also the three hour wait is another story... Hm... Why not pick a fight with the pushy foreign people during the wait because you're bored? Yes. It might be your only entertainment. Well, there's no way getting around the wait unless you're some "m-life" member. Pfft. My taxi driver recommended the Bally's buffet which I wish we knew about. 

Anyways, just don't go.笑
All you elite members that gave negative reviews are crazy. What do you think you're expecting when coming to a buffet? This ain't The La Atier or Thomas Keller's...

From my perspective Bellagio still is a very solid buffet for the money.笑
We went when they were offering a special Chinese New Year buffet. They had split, grilled lobster tails, rack of lamb, and some other dishes not typically offered. I'm not a lobster person, or lamb for that matter, but my BF was super stoked. The price was more expensive and they advised they only offer lobster during New Years and Chinese New Year.  The salad bar was a bit small, but offered different types of lettuces, and typical salad toppings. There was an additional smaller salad/appetizer area with shrimp caesar salad, and another as well, but I forgot what kind. This station also offered a antipasta selection of meats, cheeses, olives, peppers, etc. There was real shaved parmesan there as well. The meat station was crowded because that's where they were doing the lobster tails and everyone was hovered around trying to get one.  I had the cauliflower au gratin which was excellent! BF is not much of a vegetable eater, but he loved it so maybe this is something we can incorporate into our meals at home. Also had grilled asparagus, carved turkey w/ cranberry sauce which was actually quite dry. I think maybe they need to leave a hunk of skin over the already cut piece of turkey to keep it somewhat moist.  Fingerling roasted potatoes were good, and trying to get to the Asian foods and Pizza areas, I was distracted by the desserts, so I really didn't see too much, but I remember a small sushi area offering nigiri and rolls, typical asian inspired cuisine like chow mein, fried and steamed rice, and chicken/broccoli/seafood dishes. Now, the dessert cart..YUM!  I had a chocolate vanilla dome cake which was to die for!  It looked like cocoa powder was dusted over a dome, but it was actually cake!  A really thin layer of chocolate cake (think mocha in color), with a vanilla chocolate mousse inside that was so creamy!  I wanted like 6 of them, but they slyly put them on little square plates making it hard to actually take that many! lol   I also had a piece of tiramisu which was equally good and creamy. BFhad a piece of cheesecake which he said was great! 

We'll definitely go back!笑
Always delicious, the Bellagio buffet is a must-visit for me when I am in Las Vegas. I am a picky eater and expect thirty-some dollar buffets to be fresh, plentiful, and varied. The Bellagio buffet is that and then some. The champagne buffet on the weekends is worth the extra $5 and sitting at the bar is actually a treat and allows you to bypass the huge lines.笑
You cannot beat this buffet for the price,we were impressed.Give yourself about a half hour before being seated because there is always a line.Desserts were fantastic.Will defiantly return for dinner next time.We had lunch on this visit.笑
Meh. I've experienced better buffets than this. 

Freakishly long line, but luckily we pass the line because my aunt has a VIP player's card. 

Quality & quantity is pretty low. Price is high.笑
Waaaaaaaaaaaaay too overpriced.  Huge selection, and I sampled a lot, but nothing was spectacular except the desserts.  The food was no better than my college dining hall.笑
BEWARE--false advertisement and ripoff pricing for their holiday pricing!!! We ate there last night, 12/19/15, and were seated at 9pm and they close at 10pm.  While waiting in line I asked one of the host what time they stop cooking and he said 10:30pm so figured worth it since we'd have at least 1.5 hr to eat. Since it was 12/19, they charged more, like $49.99/pp and no child pricing even though we brought our son. So for 3 of us we paid over $150 for dinner, for that price you'd expect great food and service but instead we got:
- unfriendly service from their food staff (except for our waitress) 
- the cioppino station says "made to order" so when I walked up I asked for made to order but the woman just served me a bowl from the already cooked pot, when I asked about it, she just replied, "too busy, no time" -- wtf, this is bellagio service?!! Besides, it's the last hour, how busy can you be?
- their holiday menu posted "grilled lobster tails" but no didn't see any, closest thing was crawfish
- like I said earlier, the host told me they stop cooking at 10:30pm but at 10pm the caviar station was already closed.  Tried to get some frozen yogurt from their machine but they already started draining the machine at 10pm
- all the food tasted they were cooked in massive so no flavor whatsoever 
For the price we paid, just ridiculous with the food quality, fraudulent advertising, unfriendly and lying staff. Never again would I patronize bellagio or their buffet.笑
i have never had so much food in my life in one sitting.

I generally expected the food to be at best average just because it was a buffet but I was wrong. dead wrong. The food was amazing. Everything tasted fresh and it seemed everything I put on my plate was great restaurant quality. 

The bread pudding was the best ever.

I almost feel like flying to Vegas once a month just to go to the Bellagio buffet.笑
My first buffet here in Las Vegas. Got there on a Monday night arrived at around 7:45 pm but didn't get seated until 9:20, leaving 40 minutes to eat because they started removing food around 10:05. I called in advance and they said the wait would 45 minutes to an hour. I wish they had a better estimated time of wait or I probably would've left and just had a regular dinner. That's probably where they get you. And I saw they were still sitting people at 9:55pm. So Definitely give yourself sometime to enjoy what's there. $38 per person not worth it to me

The food was above average versus other everyday buffets, but not blow your mind amazing. Had quite a bit of options but again the quality wasn't great.

Lamb was bad, kinda of gamy tasting
Snow crab and King Crab were served cold, wish it was warm
Prime rib was my favorite
Kobe beef- didn't taste like Kobe, more like sirloin.
Pasta- average
Desserts-Average
Soups- sucked笑
Peeled jumbo shrimp cocktail....mmmmmmmmm

I'll come here if I can afford to come to another buffet after I hit up Bachanal at the Ceasar's Palace, stomach-wise and wallet-wise.  But this place isn't a bad plan B for buffets.  But if you're staying here...well, when in Rome...eat buffet.

Very good variety of food here.  Price is typical for the premier high-end buffet these days.笑
Came into Vegas late Sunday night, I was very tired and hungry and ready to grub. I went to the Bellagio buffet around 10pm and the line moved quickly. I've eaten here before and I remember it being so good, but not that good this time. 

it took a long time to walk there from the parking lot. Also, the crab legs were so salty and the meat was covered in ice. The salmon hor d'oeurves were great but that was the only thing. The mini salads were too drenched in dressing. The Mediterranean apps seemed stale. The prime rib was soo salty! The desserts were very plain.笑
Meh. The holiday buffet brunch for 36.99 is not worth your money. The only thing they have that is appetizing is prime rib and snow crab legs. But even then the prime rib is just Mediocre.笑
Best buffet I've been to in Las Vegas.

I've eaten at the buffet at Bellagio a couple of times, and the food was mostly good.  I will definitely go there again, the next time I'm in Vegas.

Why only three stars?  Because it's a buffet, and as good as the food was for a buffet, I wouldn't have been satisfied with any of the food had I ordered it separately at a non-buffet restaurant.笑
Definitely the best buffet I have ever been to, but it was not as great as I had expected. We waited in line for an hour and paid about 60 ish for lunch + champagne. The selection of food wasn't amazing.... the crab wasn't good, and the only sushi they had were like California rolls. The salmon tasted like it came straight from the farm, but the other fishes were pretty good. I did like the prime rib, a couple of the asian dishes, and the pasta. The deserts were good, but the fruits were not sweet. It was decent, but not as spectacular as everyone says. Oh and I think I got some kind of allergic reaction from something cuz I broke out into rashes after eating there! It's definitely better than your neighborhood hometown buffet, but don't expect anything mind blowing!笑
Was there 11/25/2016 and sadly it is not what it used to be. I have been coming to this buffet for over 10 years and it used to be one of my faves. For whatever reason their selection has gotten smaller and the food itself tastes just OK. The meat at the carving station was extremely rare, the person in front of me even asked to have it placed in the grill for a few minutes. The eggs benedict were OK but the rest was unimpressive. I had way better food at the Paris Buffet across the street and for way cheaper.
They even eliminated the huge seafood display they had on the right side and have now replaced it with more tables. The seafood can now be found in a smaller section in the back with the rest of the food.
I won't return any time soon.笑
I'm not a huge fan of buffets but if you going to have a buffet in Vegas, this is the one you want. It's a little pricy but well worth it. The food options are too numerous to list but I enjoyed the raw bar and the Kobe beef. Deserts were equally good and plentiful.笑
I come here for the Alaskan king crab legs and that's about it.  Totally worth the money just for that!笑
SOOOOOOOOOOOO good! Best buffet in Vegas! Compared to the other buffets, Bellagio's price was not that pricey. It was 64 for both my bf and I for dinner. I LOVED this place! There was a HUGE selection of food to choose from. I had just about everything LOL jk, but I did go up about 3-4 times:) I've never been to a buffet with such a big variety comin' from different cultures. If you're in Vegas, please give this place a try because you will NOT be disappointed!!! :)


YUM!!笑
I never miss coming to this buffet every time I visit Vegas. Among the 6 or 7 buffets I tried, the buffet at Bellagio remain to be my all time favorites! 

What I love about this buffet is varieties, varieties, varieties! Not just varieties, but the food are in good qualities and most importantly freshness of the food they served. 
The yummy dessert they served is always the added bonus!

I get this place a "Go," it doe get pricy so best time to come is lunch in my opinion!笑
Dinner was Good but wasn't as great as expected. However breakfast/lunch is a lot better! Free drinks ( soft drinks, juices, coffee and tea) and $12 unlimited alcohol package available. Staff is very rude and unorganised however waiters are friendly but very few, so do mind then running around past you a lot trying to do a 5 man job on their own.笑
Oh Vegas how you tempt me with unlimited food and drink all around. First off, there is no shortage of buffets in Vegas, if you have some cash you'll find somewhere to stuff your face until you need to be rolled out in a wheelbarrow. That said, the hard part is finding a good buffet. Sure you can find $5 all-you-can-eat burgers, but if you want quality along with quantity you have to be prepared to spend some more. 

At $30 a person for dinner ($37 Fri. and Sat.), The Buffet at Bellagio is not cheap, but oh is it worth every penny. More often than not, quality falls rapidly as quantity goes up (Looking at you, Luxor) but Bellagio has proven that very good food served buffet style is possible. There is often a long line of people trying to drown their sorrows of losing their last hand of poker in infinite food (just kidding, not really), so be prepared to budget about 30-45 minutes of wait time. When you get inside the space is very well laid out with tables arranged around the central food extravaganza. There is a large staff busily making sure you find a table, that plates are cleared out of the way and drinks are constantly being refilled, and all of them are very professional acting and dressed (props, Bellagio). 

When you do get your food you'll probably be unsure of where to start due to the amazing array present. In short, if you crave it, they will likely have it. Juicy roasts? yup. Stir fry? That too, as are made to order sushi, salads, and Asian, Mexican, Italian, and American comfort cuisine on top of many more. In addition, the requisite unlimited shrimp cocktail and massive split king crab legs are present. The dessert selection is equally as impressive, with gelato, fresh fruit, crepes and pastries as far as the eye can see. 

So what makes Bellagio so different that they can offer high quality food in such a plebeian style? Well, here is where the clients come in. There is a constant stream of people who are willing to spend a few extra bucks for the promise of good food; as a result, food turnover is very high. Fresh food can be seen being cooked right behind the counters and are constantly being brought out. No food is left to sit for hours under heating lamps slowly withering away; it's always fresh and made with care. 

By the end of the meal, me and my entire family were more than happy with what we got. The food was very good, the service quick, attentive and personable with multiple servers stopping by to check on us and even engaging us in conversation. It's obvious Bellagio put effort into making their buffet stand above the rest and it shows. 

If you want to keep eating your unlimited $5 burgers go right ahead, but I know where I will be returning if a major case of the hungry ever hits in Vegas. Shell out the $30 for dinner and you won't regret it, anyways, you can always win it back later in one last round of blackjack.笑
Eat here once a trip and it has never changed. This time was different as they has a ton of king crab legs they were loading on plates. This Buffett has everything from sushi to steak tartar . I always get a line pass and would never wait in line for hours as most do .笑
Having checked out the reviews for this place, it seems this buffet has gone down hill in selection but with that said, my review is based on my experience 4 years ago. OMG, it's the most EXPENSIVE buffet my family has ever gone to. Our bill tipped $1800 after adding some wine bottles and tip. We have a decent size family. At first, I thought this might be a Las Vegas Illusion, flash us with high prices and glamour just to get mediocre service and food. Nope... This place stood out. Although it's a buffet, the food here is expertly prepared. If you weren't walking up to the line and serving yourself, you'd swear you're eating in a fine dining restaurant. The selection of high quality food was so large, I don't even know where to start. This place will go down in my Yelp List as one of the best buffet if not best restaurants I have ever been too.笑
This is the worst experience, the service was lousy. We were served by an old lady who I feel like I should be serving her. She wasn't able to hold the glasses straight, that's really not her fault but the management, that's not even the worst, the worst is that they were pushing large bin of food scraps and trash through the aisle where customers were eating, can't this be more unprofessional, i feel like I was in a third world country and this is a 5 star hotel! Save your money, you would do better in aMcDonald!笑
Decent buffett, exactly what you would expect from a mid level vegas buffett... Sushi was ehh, they had a guys making "hand rolls" more like sushi joints... i felt at home lol... but they were good... shrimp is always good, but that was like the highlight really... everything else was just ok.. they do charge extra if u wanna have alcohol, my lady wanted mimosas. I was disappointed with the crab legs. they seemed water logged and as if the were frozen too long...long story short they sucked...笑
You have to go here if you want a buffet in Vegas! And I promise you, the wait is worth it!

The meats and seafood in this place is what makes it all worth it. The lamb chops were exception, the prime rib is always delcious, the duck was tasty, and the beef wellington was special!

My family and I went for New Year's and they even had lobster tail! How amazing is that! The usual though is king crab legs and fresh sushi (salmon and tuna nigiri, and they also have poke)

*special note* if you are a big prime rib person though, the wynn buffet has better prime rib笑
Excellent!! It offers a lot of different ethnic food. The service is spectacular. The ambience is very nice and busy. The waiters are nice. This buffet offers pretty good food than the others that are around. Try this spot first before the others.笑
Large selection and very nice display. The food was very good overall and so was the service.  The scrambled eggs were a little watery, which was the one flaw I noticed. But outside of that, the food was fresh and very good. And for the amount of options, the price was extremely reasonable.笑
I have been to so many buffets in Vegas for lunch and dinners and this is by far one of the best. If you're a buffet person, you should give this one a try.
So many varieties and food selections. Food quality is above average and you can almost find any type of food you could imagine. Italian station as well as steak station are among the best. If it's a holiday or an occasion, there is usually a waiting line but you'll get seated pretty soon.
One fact that people are neglecting is you can never expect high-end menu restaurant food quality from a buffet, considering this in mind, I'd say Bellagio is a good choice, and I repeat, if you're planning to have buffet meal.
Dessert station is really nice with so many options.
Staff are friendly but they're busy and it could take them sometimes to check up on you.
One advice is going to buffet toward the end of lunch time, this way you'd pay for the lunch which is normally cheaper and you can sit through the dinner and enjoy the added items for dinner as well.笑
First off, I'm not a buffet fan. That said, if I have to eat at a buffet, this is a good choice. The selection and quality of food were there. It was busy, so you do have to endure people ping ponging from station to station in no particular order, but once at your table, you can dive into your plate of gluttony bliss. The staff was fine, but I do wish they had a line for staying guests to get in the place, but the wait wasn't horrible. Once finished overstuffing myself against better judgement, a nap was the only thought I had in my head.笑
The lunch Buffet at the Bellagio was "a-okay", it wasn't anything spectacular. I've been told that the dinner menu is much better. 

$25 to get in, 18% gratuity added to 8 or more automatically, and children 4+ are adult prices. Seems a little crazy because there's no way a kid that young is going to eat that much! Then again, I guess a buffet isn't the best place to take kids.笑
This place was legit. It was definitely not as pricey as I thought it was going to be given that it is in the Bellagio Hotel. Regardless, I paid $35 for brunch including the $5 unlimited champagne. And let me tell you...it's good champagne and you don't have to stick to just mimosas. You can try it with grapefruit juice, cranberry juice, etc etc. Possibilities are endless! Not to mention the waiter topped us off every time he'd pass by our table.

And the food was to die for. Everything from the eggs to the fish to the prime rib and potatoes is definitely worth trying. Come with an empty stomach and you will leave satisfied. We ate at 1pm and I did not eat anything for the rest of the day...I was THAT stuffed. Definitely try the pizzas, prime rib, and eggs benedict. The sushi I would not recommend; the selection was ok and the line got way too crazy.

And then there are the desserts. There is a wide selection and everything is pretty much bite-sized so you can essentially try every single one. And then of course there are fruits and muffins and croissants and etc etc. 

Overall, definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas. I did not give it 5 stars because I expected more variety in the pasta/steak sections and the sushi was a let-down.笑
I love the Bellagio buffet. It's one of my favorites in Vegas hands down. Go around 10:30 during the week to get the breakfast price but they'll be switching over to lunch foods. The brunch on the weekends is fantastic too. I love the thanksgiving-type foods they have here like mashed yams and red cabbage. The prime rib is on point, and I love the seafood. Oh and there are gluten-free desserts too!! But here's the absolute kicker...

If you're celiac/gluten-free and going to Vegas, you MUST go to this buffet. Inform your server, and the chef will come to your table and show you around every single station and dish, telling you what is safe and isn't safe for you to eat. And then they'll tell you that basically anything can be made special ordered for you (gluten free): pizza, pasta, french toast, pancakes, etc. Umm HELLO what?!! It was amazing.笑
I had high expectations of this place, considering it's part of Bellagio, one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas.  Maybe it was limited because it was part of the Mother's Day Champagne brunch; either way, it lacked a lot.

I don't particularly care for buffets but it was Mother's Day and my mom wanted to try this place.  We waited in line for over an hour but I'll excuse that because it was the most busy day of the year for lunch.  

It had a small selection of food compared to other buffets I've been to and the flavor was worse.  Everything was bland.  I could tell no difference between the food here and the food at a Station casino buffet off the strip.  The desserts were limited and they couldn't keep up with refilling the selection.  A good portion of the buffet was empty.  Crab legs were scarce.  Why spend $35+ on flavorless food?  

Our server was slow and didn't refill our waters very often.

Go to the Rio buffet -- the hotel isn't as nice as the Bellagio, but the buffet is way better.笑
This Buffet is ok but very OVERRATED! For the price it should have been alot better. The food was mediocre and so was the service. It took about 10-15 minutes for us to get drinks. They started picking up all the desserts before closing time. I would suggest going to the Buffet at the Wyyn before going here.笑
Came here on a Saturday night and caught there "Gourmet Dinner."  Spent about an hour and change in line with too cool for school group in front of us and pushy line people behind us.  So basically we were stuck between a  rock and a hard place with no way out.  Decided from the start that we were gonna stick out the line because no one of us had been here before.  So after we shelled out $40 something each for dinner we were able to grub.  Nothing stood out as bomb, there was a good selection of items that were okay and a few things that was just a waste of space on the plate.笑
This was our first restaurant stop while in Vegas for my birthday and sadly, I have to say we were not impressed.

The Bellagio itself is stunning and a must-see while in Vegas, of course. But their famed buffet? I'd skip it.

The options were not greatly different from what we'd find here in Dallas. What we did get was ok but certainly not fine dining as we'd come to expect.笑
Although I have been to Vegas several times before, I had not gotten around to check out the legendary buffet offered at Bellagio. But now that I have, let's just say I looked inside my empty fridge this morning with a wistful stare... 

I was fooled by a tiny line of roughly 10 ppl early Friday afternoon, and completely floored with all the various eats available for consumption. Turkey, prime rib, lamb, sushi, asian station, fruits, breads, desserts, and more!! Luckily I went in on an empty stomach and was able to get my money's worth -- and then some, I sampled 4 desserts... ok, I'm a glutton, but it's Vegas -- isn't everything done in excess?!?!? We returned Sat & Sun -- and was shocked by the length of the line!! Wowsers! But then again, for a buffet this tasty and full of variety it was not hard to believe. The wait varied from 45 mins to an hour, but completely worth it. 

I did think of trying out the Wynn buffet since I stayed at Encore, but the price did not justify the selection. I don't need duck; I'm happy with more variety. 

The Buffet at Bellagio did not disappoint!笑
I went to the buffet for lunch on a Friday it wasn't too busy. Our server I think Alfredo was very attentive and never let our drinks empty.  Plates also never sat on the table creating clutter. 
The food was excellent!! 
Salad bar is a little small but with all the excellent entree choices it didn't bother me at all. 
Shrimp cocktail was available and delicious. 
The salmon was bursting with flavor and very fresh
All selections tasted fresh and were full of flavor unlike other buffets I have encountered. Trays were constantly being switched out for fresh options.
While there were plenty of choices I was disappointed by the variety of sushi which only contained California rolls and a veggie roll. The dessert bar was also a little flat. The ice cream is amazing and all of the desserts had beautiful flavor and appetizing designs. I was expecting more intricate desserts for this buffet due to the food being offered. 
All in all AMAZING by far best buffet I've been to in Vegas and would definitely go back and recommend it to anyone.笑
I've been to this buffet a few times during lunch hours.  

I always thought the food was extraordinary.  

If I remember correctly on my last visit, I ate a couple slices of pizza, a couple scoops of mashed potato, bunch of flavored mushrooms, a few chicken legs, a couple slices of meat, some egg rolls and california rolls, two other veggie related foods, and then had a carrot cake with some ice cream.  They were all delicious.

Just to throw in a negative, I found this buffet to be way more compact than every other buffet I've been to. 

Still, this place will always be on my to-go list on my future trips.  I've ate at other buffets (including the buffet at Rio, Cravings at Mirage, Wicked Spoon), and I'll put Bellagio's ahead of them (although Wicked Spoon might be as good).  

I'd definitely recommend this buffet to anyone.笑
Stayed at the hotel had to try it.  Read a lot of reviews. Not disappointed but dinner was missing the WOW factor. For 69.00 per person I was looking to be amazed.  The reviews said to try the breakfast.  Have to say. Absolutely perfect. Everything you can ask for and then some.笑
The line was very long, but we did not have to wait because we volunteer to take our seating at bar :D

Not impressed by their sushi selections which I had high hope for...but very good dessert selections!!!   

If you are salad eater, high quality salad such as kale with grapefruit and pine nuts are available at the hand roll sushi section by order.  

Not so good deal if you have to wait for over 30 minutes for a holiday price of $49.99 but I would go back for a regular price of $39.99 with less than 30 minutes wait time.笑
Holy crap! This is the best buffet created. Ever. I despise Vegas, but when I have to be there I visit the Bellagio buffet. And for those 2-4 hours, I love the city. It's an escape, and a decadent food orgy. I'm not talking about your run-of-the-mill-all-you-can-eat pasta, salad and cupcakes. I'm talking a variety of fresh fish, filet mignon, Alaskan King crab, gourmet desserts, etc. etc. All you can stuff! It's like a food hedon haven. I swear I talk about this place to this day. And when I'm there I drag everyone to go there. It's a steep $37, but well worth it. My mouth is salivating on my keyboard as I type. Love it, go there.笑
While I have only eaten the buffet at Bellagio only once, this is definitely one of my favorites.  Since most buffets cost about $26-30, I would much rather pick Bellagio since it has a larger selection of sushi.  Service is attentive and the line moves slowly, but surely.  

Some of the meat cuts were dry, but I'm not much a meat eater.  They also cut the crab legs for you (a definitely plus for those who love crab) and they also have a great selection of fish.  I didn't find their dessert/soup section that extraordinary, but I don't think anyone goes to a buffet to fill up on dessert or soup as the main course!笑
To me, this remains one of the best buffet restaurants and I am always attracted to return there. I love the atmosphere- the nicely designed friendly interior... Yesterday we had the Champagne Brunch... umm, well, not really a champagne, but rather, a higher-end Freixenet brut... Still, a very good value- especially with the free refills. $35 per person including the tip. And so we sat there in style, and pigged out royally!笑
This buffet is Vegas in its grandest form of all-you-can eat dining. Everyone who can afford $40 to spend on a meal needs to make a stop by this great landmark. Of course there are other great buffets that serve better food like at the wind hotel, but I think it's like ten or 15 dollars more over there.
So anyways, me and my friends went to the Bellagio buffet for dinner and stood in line for like 30 minutes, but that's okay because once we sat down we ate for more than two hours straight. I could tell the waiters were getting annoyed at how long we were taking because for them time is money. They wanted us to hurry up, give them their stupid tip, and leave so that the next group of diners could sit down, hurry up and tip, leave, and so on. Screw those waiters. Don't mind the stairs they give you once you pass the one hour mark. Just tell them to clear your plates and keep the drinks coming in. Like WTF, those guys ain't even waiters because they don't even take your order. They are just overpaid busboys who think they deserve a $30 tip for clearing a table for a party of three. If I'm going to pay like $120 plus thirty bucks in tip for me and two other people to eat, I'm taking my sweet-ass time...know what I'm sayin'? So screw those busboys. I almost swear that having a loser job like that in Vegas makes more money than a professional lawyer or doctor in some small states nobody cares about like Wyoming, Arkansas, or the north part of California.
Whatever. Anyways, (-_-) I made sure all I ate was the expensive stuff. I skipped soup and salad. Who cares for that crap at a buffet? I don't even know why people load up on lettuce and clam chowder when there are delicacies like snow crab legs, shrimp cocktail, kobe-style filet-mignon, and paella Valencia waiting for them. If you're going to eat salad bar items, there is no need for you to come here. Just pay $4 and go across the street to McDonald's and get a salad shaker.
Have you ever seen a ghetto person at an expensive buffet? Hahaha, that was me at the Bellagio. I wasn't being rude and annoying or anything like that, but people could tell that I come from the other side of town, from Southern California. You can spot a ghetto person at a buffet by seeing the mountain of food on his/her plate while coming back from the buffet line, like he/she will never eat like that again. Or how about the ghetto people who come at the end of lunch hour to pay the reduced price and stay until dinner? We were going to do that, but unfortunately we got caught in one hour traffic on the Vegas trip, and we were late.
Anyways, hahaha. I really enjoyed my time. Have fun y'all!笑
I am trying to understand the hype for this buffet. After missing out on it each time we go to Vegas, I finally got my way and we went to Bellagio Buffet. WTF is the hype about? The place is dirty and disorganised, the buffet choices are limited, we were expecting a wide range of choices, but honestly I have been to better buffets on and off the strip, with a better international variety and fresher foods. This place was a big let down.笑
Quality buffet at a reasonable price. Lots of desert selections. Selection is not as good as Mirage, but the quality is a little bit better.笑
Dinner.  After coming here and having to wait almost an hour and a half to get in, the food was damn good.  

My buddy kept telling everyone in line and in the crowd how I was @$$ raping him because the line was super long and the food wasn't expected to be good (he's cranky when he's hungry).   But once we sat down and got our food, the constant drubbing of complaints were replaced by silence and "mmm" "ooo" "yum".    Hands down one of the best buffets in Vegas.笑
What's being the so call "best hotel" in Vegas if it doesn't have the best food right?  So here we go, the buffet at the Bellagio... the long awaited review for one of my favorite buffets of all time!

First of all, I love the clean look of the place.. nothing fancy or spectacular but being what it is and where it is located, you just feel like this is no ordinary buffet.

The buffet lines is wavy designed starting from the right side to the left side of the facility.

I usually skipped the first section and go toward the hot food sections instead... (I'm not a big fan of cheese/bread and I feel that having salads at buffets really is not worth the price I'm paying and defeats the purpose -- especially in Bellagio)  So I just cut to the chase...

Rack of lamb:  Juicious maximus!  Love the tenderness of their rack of lamb!  But sometimes the chefs can be stingy and only gives out 2 pcs or so... I'd usually have someone help me get a couple more so I wouldn't have to make the additional trip.

Prime rib:  What do you expect?  It was cooked perfectly and juicy as well!  If you want it bloody, they got it.  If you want it well done, it's available for you as well.. anyway you like it it's pretty much available to you just have to tell it to the chef.  (they will try to accomodate as much as possible)  

Beef Wellington:  Delicious beef wrapped in bread... did I mention "buttery" bread?  Oh yeah.... it was buttery alright....YUMMY!

What's this?  Many variations of fresh made pizzas?  Not the basic kinds that you would find at the lower end buffets.. all the great stuff that is up to the caliber of CPK and other fine pizza establishments!  I had a veggie pizza and it was wonderful!  (But didn't want to fill my stomach up with useless carbs.. keep moving forward please...)

Same goes for pasta dishes.. looked absolutely wonderful.... but has to pass due to the carb regulations... no can't do sir!  Only sampled here and their and it was wonderful!

Asian food:  I'm asian... usually not too excited about getting asian food at buffets unless it's like Makino's or Midori's  (pls refer to my other reviews) So took a few bok choys just to fill some void in the veggies column... that's all...

Seafood... ok.. took almost everything here because of it's cost and it's taste.. all seafood were great as there were many to choose from... but most memorable was the sea bass... SUPER BUTTERY like you are eating butter straight up!!  (I wonder if that was actually butter carved into looking like sea bass?  Regardless... melt in your mouth like a chocolate yet it's fish!  Go figure!)  This is a must and hopefully they offer it when you are visiting this place....  (sometimes they leave it off the menu for some reason.....(sad days)

Sushi:  Not a great selection as it's not known for that but it's got some basic selections, but their tuna ahi poke sashimi was super jammin!  Chunky pieces of ahi marinated in vinegary soy sauce with seseme... awesome sashimi!

Soup:  Cream of corn was heavenly.... It's like drinking liquid gold! 

Finally, the dessert!  Way too many selections to choose from!  Bellagio buffet also have one of the largest sugar-free sections so it's definitely a plus!  Everything is good here!  No additonal explanation necessary!  (Just try them all!)

Lastly, service was impeccable.... what do you expect?  It's Bellagio!  Drinks were always topped, servers has always been wonderful and courteous, and the staff overall was great!  (we took a long time there and they never once ever rushed us out even though there is a long wait outside for seating!  And they asked us if we wanted coffee!  Awesome!

I can't say enough good thing about this place... it's an experience you must have for yourself....I never had a bad time here and hopefully you will get to enjoy what I've always enjoyed here.. a perfect ending to a long day in vegas.....

I'm Bellagio biased..... and will always be!笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is superb. Is it overpriced? Without question, but it's Vegas. Treat yourself. The shrimp are as big as I've seen and there is a mountain of them awaiting you. The carving station lives up to expectation as well. Delicious meats slow roasted over an open flame. Dessert is also not to be missed. A wide selection of everything you can think of including the best macadamia nut cookie I've ever tasted. Give the Bellagio buffet a try. You'll be glad you did.

The Buffet at Bellagio: A笑
Sure, it's a buffet, but it's also $40 and supposed to be one of the top in Vegas. Because of those descriptors, this was just average to a little above average. Options are great; inconsistency is not. The two saving graces here - (1) the 2 hour bottomless drink option for $14 and (2) the desserts. I had about a bottle of champagne (and a pretty decent one at that) and almost every dessert offered. Give it a shot I'd say.笑
The buffet was 35.99 for 4 yrs or older dinner. It was ok for adults. There is no food for kids. There was only pizza. I would not take my family there again. If you have kids, dont go there. My kids only ate 2 slices of pizza and ice cream. They have the basic stuff, prime rib, crab legs, pasta, taco bar, chinese. Why is it that these casinos cant perfect chinese food?笑
I think this is the first place I've ever had a $40 meal that was not sponsored by someone else. I mean, I'm not one to shy away from shelling out money for food, but still, it's pushing the envelope a little to pay this much for a buffet. (I went on a Saturday which is slightly more expensive than weekdays.)

Even though the line looked huge, it didn't take us very long to get inside.

That said, the food here is pretty amazing. The pasta and seafood were my favorites. Unfortunately I wasn't as hungry as I should have been and was also recovering from a really draining Las Vegas night, so I'm still kind of bitter I didn't get my money's worth.

I will say that the dessert was a letdown; you don't really need to bother saving room. Though, like a typical buffet, they ave everything from cheesecake to bread pudding to creme brulee, I wasn't particularly impressed by any of them.

It was good, but I'd say if you're going to spend $40 on a meal, you might as well take it to fine dining and get some ambiance and attention.笑
Wait almost an hour for this place, and I have to say, it was only okay!  The selection of the food could've been better....

I enjoyed their eggs, and slider burgers the most!  Haha.  Unfortunately, when I went for seconds for the eggs it was all gone already!  Boo.笑
The buffet at Bellagio was the best buffet I believe I have EVER had. I'd truly rate my experience a 4.5.

We arrived during prime lunch hours and were told that the wait was two hours, but for an additional $15/person you (yes, YOU!) may skip the line. That is where they get you. We spent $75 on lunch for two.

That being said, we were on vacation and the food (while perhaps not worry worth $35pp!) was a plenty and oh.SO good! 

There was your typical salad bar, plus an abundance of other cold salads, cheeses and deli meats to try. They had tons of gourmet sliders available as well as carving stations of prime rib, flank steak (my fave!) and turkey.

There were a lot of Asian inspired treats, such as sushi (just Cali roll and veggie, but very fresh), spring rolls, soups, lo meins and rice. 

There were also three or four flatbreads to choose from and all were creative and looked quite impressive. There was also fresh shrimp cocktail and TONS of dessert. 

If ever you're in Las Vegas, treat yourself to this buffet!笑
No complaints for a vegas buffet. We were lucky and got a line pass so got to have less wait in the buffet line. After coming in, saw some nice options: Host of seafood including huge king crab legs, endless amounts of salad. the only one down-side was the peking duck was really old and tough. We ended up not eating any of that. also liked the prime rib. They also offered kobe beef as well. I am a big fan of the dessert section for this buffet. Dessert comprised of eating as many macaroons as they placed out. It was the Vanilla Macaroon and I couldn't help but go back for seconds. It was off the hook! Wish they had gelato like the Wicked spoon, but the bellagio buffet will always remain one of my fave Vegas buffets.笑
(+)
- pesto mash potatoes
- yorkshire pudding
- choc coveredd strawberry
- strawberry custart tart thing
- cappucino-y mousse in a cup

(-)
- price increase
- loooong wait
- slow ass register machine
- prime rib? (I think) way tooo bloody for me

Hey whats up with this price increase? 31 bucks for brunch this time? whyyyy. And it took forever and a day waiting for my credit card to be processed, probably why the line was so damn long.

Food was ok, I feel like the variety here isnt as good as I thought it was. You better be eating a lot or else 31 bucks for this buffet isn't the best deal. But for sure get the pesto mash potatoes yummm!!笑
I'm typically not a big fan of Vegas buffets, but we had two free passes for lunch and decided to give it a try.  The highlight, funny enough, was the salad bar, with fresh, delicious greens that we had yet to see anywhere in the desert.  We also were mostly impressed by the desserts.  Everything else was a mixture of hit and miss, with some stuff being pretty darn good, especially if you could grab it fresh (the eggs benedict) and others being terrible (the pizza).  It's a wide mix of food styles, containing everything from Asian noodle salad and steamed pork buns to pickled herring and other Norwegian foods.  It's certainly a notch above the quality of the average buffet in Vegas, although you pay for privilege.  Our server was fairly with it, keeping us supplied with drink refills and whisking away the empty plates.  Overall, I would be perfectly happy to come back here with free passes or a discount, but not paying full price.笑
This place has a vast selection, including king crab legs, shrimp cocktail, breakfast fare, roasts of different kinds, variety of desserts, and some world food (stir fries, pizzas, sushi, etc). Some of it (crab legs) is very tasty, but there are too many things that are mediocre. We had a completely tough piece of fish, steamed buns that were completely soggy, the list just goes on and on. The inconsistency of their food makes me wish that they offered less variety and focused on making everything great.笑
I enjoyed the variety of cuisines at this buffet!  Pastas, tacos, omelets, meats, ribs, chicken, salmon, you name it, they had it.  The desserts were exquisite and I appreciated the small portions so I was able to try different pastries and cakes (lots of).  The waitress was very attentive and she kept getting us refills of coffee, juice, drinks. $25 per person not bad for such a delight!

The only thing I didn't care much for, was the loooong wait to come in (1 hour), but I must say It was worth it!笑
Cold crab legs with no flavor. Best thing I had there was scalloped potatoes and chocolate mousse. Wouldn't recommend this place at all. 42$ a person for crappy food. Reminded me of a Golden Corral.笑
Lack of variety, theres shrimp, beef and thats it.

No salmon, king crabs, or any of that stuff needed for a good buffet.

Rather pay 15 more dlls and have the real buffet experience. Woulndt come back here.笑
I'm sorry, but I just really did not enjoy the food here or the atmosphere. I paid $32 for a Saturday Brunch that was not even worth the money. It lacked quality and freshness I was looking forward to. The dessert seemed to be the only thing decent as well as the prime rib. But I cant even remember anything else there to like =( And I am a big buffet goer person. I have had better at "The Buffet" in Reno, NV.  And I literally tried everything I put tiny bite sized portions on my plate of everything.

Pizza was poorly made.
Brunch Sushi was crap...vegetable sushi and some cheap a$$ california rolls...like wtf. I'm paying $32 for a buffet, can I get some tuna or salmon at LEAST? weird to have experienced that...
Smoked salmon was too salty, but was happy to see all the toppings it would need like capers, cream cheese and red onion, seedy mustard, etc.
Farfalle pasta was good.
Some of the fish was good too. but nothing wowed me at all.

Overall I dont want to waste my time reviewing this place that I did not like...

Will never return. As for the service it was fine, besides the watered down grape juice I got.

Pluses: Free soda, coffee, teas and lemonades included?笑
I haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet in years so i decided to go back for brunch. Everything was good quality, tasty, service was pretty good, they kept the endless mimosas coming...it was a good brunch. Nothing really was that spectacular that it stood out to comment on, but it was still a good brunch spot. One thing that i was completely disappointed with was the dessert section. As i was enjoying my brunch, i kept eyeing those french macrons. OMG, right???? They have french macrons! Who doesn't love em!?? Unfortunately, when i went to get them, they were all gone. Gone, as in not coming back out. We asked and the lady behind the counter said they were done and not making anymore. Umm? Seriously? You ran out of something at a buffet? I haven't experienced that EVER...and i definitely wouldn't have expected it at a pricey buffet at the Bellagio. Totally disappointed with that part of things. Oh well. Meh.笑
This is one of the best buffet's we've been to yet here in Las Vegas. we went for a weekday dinner, of course the line was looongg but it was worth it in the end.

They had wayyy more selection, including a pretty good sushi station, which i havent even seen in other hotels. japanese, chinese, american, mexican, meats, seafood, fresh fruits and veggies and a huge dessert station, you really cant go wrong. 

another thing to mention was the crab legs, being asian i loved the crab leg choices they had and the legs were already split in half, no need to get those crab crackers out!

definitely come here on an empty stomach and get your money's worth, if you can be sure to come on a weekday and save yourself around $10 compared to the weekends. you will not be disappointed!笑
Over priced for and avg buffet...food was decent but not worth $30 per person. If I had to rate it...the closest comparison would be Golden corral buffet.笑
After dancing the night away at Tao, I was ready for an extravagant brunch buffet at Bellagio! At 11am, there was not much of a line to get inside. I went for the unlimited champagne brunch, which cost about $30 -  only $6 more than the regular brunch.

My eyes are always much bigger than my stomach at buffets, but by now I've learned to work out a system that is the least wasteful. Check out all the food first, go for proteins and take small portions, stay away from carbs as much as possible, and then save the most room for dessert!

The food at the dinner buffet is definitely much better than brunch, but you also pay a lot more. Brunch is good, but nothing is really spectacular. The beef tenderloin, spicy tuna hand rolls with spicy sweet sauce, and leg of lamb were my favorites. The desserts were the best part - the cheesecake and carrot cake are delectable! 

My mimosa came in a large wine glass, which is smart on their end because they don't have to come around pouring as much. I actually only managed to drink one glass, which turned out to be just enough. If we had stayed there for a couple hours, I'm sure I would've had another glass or two.

If you only have time to do one buffet during your stay, I'd recommend The Buffet at Wynn instead. A little pricier, but a much better variety!笑
I have been to the Bellagio buffet at least a dozen times in the past.  It has always been the place to eat for me and my family when it comes to buffets in Las Vegas.  I brought my fiance here during our recent vacation over Labor Day weekend and it did not disappoint.  The wait was not too bad, maybe 30 minutes at 7pm on the Friday night.  I wasn't happy that they marked up the price only because it was a holiday weekend, nothing changed with the buffet that I noticed.

Overall, the quality of the food was great, of course like with every buffet there are hits and misses.  One disappointment was their kobe beef.  Whenever you see kobe beef you think high quality meat that will melt in your mouth, well this kobe steak they advertised was grossly dry, and the slice I got was rare too!   They did have this skirt steak though, marinated in some great sauce with seasoning that was so tender, excellently prepared!  The rack of lamb was ok, had a lot of rosemary taste to it which was pleasant.  The peking duck surprisngly was very tasty.  At first we were both skeptical about the duck because the chef there didn't even seem to know how to chop it!  

And of course, what we came for was perfect.  The prime rib was so rare and so tender, and well seasoned for taste.  The king crab legs, oh gosh, excellent!!  Makes me wonder why they even serve snow crab for.  Oh speaking of which, I was on my way back with dessert when I saw this guy, with a huge pile of snow crab legs, he saw the king crab legs and said something to his wife, and dumped all the snow crab back onto the pile and began hoarding king crab legs, so bad!

The desserts were just ok here, the creme brulee was decent, the flan was just ok, fruit tart was tasty.

Overall, I would have give this place a 5 star rating based on the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs alone as these are some of the best I have ever had at any buffet.  However due to the misses and lackluster dessert and mark up of the price with nothing extra special to show for it, I will have to give it a 4 star rating.  Still, I would come back every time I am in town for just the prime rib and king crab alone!


7 - Ambiance (decent setting, dimly lit, huge layout)
7 - Service (dishes were cleared out promptly, slow on drink refills)
3 - Price (not happy the price was marked up with nothing special to show for it)
9 - Portions (excellent variety of quality foods)
9 - Quality (going off the big two of prime rib and king crab legs, fabulous)

Dinner: Fri. Sep 2, 2011笑
POOR!
Wish I could be more positive about the place because it used to be great in the past. Now the service is HORRIBLE and the attitude of the people here seems to be that they just simply don't care about OUR dining experience! We sat at the bar for breakfast and the employees were more concerned about stocking the shelves and talking about their personal matters than waiting on customers seated for a meal. Don't these people work for TIPS???? How difficult is it to make a little effort to make THEIR CUSTOMERS feel welcome???? That would be the fault of management for allowing this type of service to go on. Another point is the cleanliness of the entire resort. It looks very unkept and unattended. Even the bathrooms are messy and not very clean. It seems like they  are always coming up with new and interesting ways to CHARGE us for anything & everything, at poolside, parking, WHAT'S NEXT???? A casino entry fee ???? Sorry to say but this place just doesn't live up to what is was in prior times.笑
5 stars is definitely worth it for this buffet. This is kinda one of those buffet where you should dress up a bit since many people would feel out of place when they're wearing a t-shirt with athletic shorts so the least you should wear is a button down collared shirt. After i got off of the bus to bellagio, we walked to the buffet. There is a wait and I can see why many people came. After about an hour of waiting in line, we got in and got seated. The food has tons of variety so I stuffed my face with paella, sashimi, crab legs, and roast lamb. The desserts were AMAZING. The bread pudding, raspberry tart, banana foster, and the rest of the desserts were so good not to mention very pretty looking. After I couldn't eat another bite, I could see why the dinner price is over 30 bucks a person. Come over here for dinner and you won't regret it. If you're too lazy to walk over here, then just take the double decker bus since bellagio is in the central area of the strip.笑
EXCELLENT BUFFET! All you can eat crab legs is always an awesome thing. The service err is excellent and everything is delicious. Bellagio knows how to do a buffet right! This is definitely a MUST GO buffet!笑
One of our favorite things to do when we visit Las Vegas is going to the buffets. This was our first time coming to the Bellagio Buffet, and after reading how it's one of the best, I have to disagree. First, I have to say that our server was wonderful! Even though it was busy, she came around regularly to take empty plates and refill our drinks. The food was average, and the variety was also average. We were disappointed that the dinner food didn't come out until about 45 minutes after the actual "dinner time", it was mostly lunch foods, and for a while there were stations that were empty. And most disappointing was that there was no gelato for dessert!!! Even lower-scale buffets on the strip have that! I really expected more out of Bellagio, and am very disappointed. We will be marking this one off our list of buffets to go to. 
There are other buffets on the strip that for the same price have a better dessert selection and even include unlimited beer and wine for the exact same price as the Bellagio Buffet. I just can't stop shaking my head about this one.笑
When the apocalypse happens, I hope it's in the midst of eating at this buffet! 

Just stuffing my mouth with their tender prime rib and melt-in-your-mouth grilled sea bass. You know how butter melts in your mouth? That's EXACTLY how it was. 

There were piles of Alaskan King Crab legs that are conveniently already cut for you, and if you're smart, that's what you aim for: the expensive stuff!

I tried the beef bourguignon because of Julia Child and though I thought it was good, my friend wasn't a fan. I've never tried it so I'm not sure how it's supposed to taste, but I admit that I can taste the alcohol from the red wine.

Man oh man that creamy, herbed, green mashed potatoes were sooooo goood! I literally had a scoop each time I went back, which was about 4-5 times not counting the dessert.

Their sushi selection was good at best, but I really haven't been to buffet with good sushi so I can't complain. They had really delicious salmon poke and my friend couldn't get enough of the piles and piles of shrimp cocktail. 

This buffet seemed like a good deal in that it was only about 35 dollars. I went to the Wynn for lunch and paid about 30 for some seriously disappointing food. I'm guessing it was because it was lunch, but comparing costs, it's a no go. 

 The service, the food, and the company was excellent!笑
MOTHER OF GOD. the bellagio buffet always makes my vegas trips the BEST. they have the best of everything.. i can't even remember what was so good here.. even simple things like bread and butter were sooo yummy.. their creamed spinach is delicious.. so is their sushi/sashimi. crab legs. pasta. steak. prime rib. desserts. wowwwwwwie. i think i would seriously drive 4 hours to go back and eat at the buffet again...... ate at the buffet 3 times in my life and it never failed me.

i think i live to eat now.笑
Being a vegetarian I was iffy... I was actually blown away by the choices I had! Super impressed. Great service and awesome food  definitely will be back.笑
+ THE FOOD
3.5 stars. Came here for their weekend brunch and was pleasantly surprised by how much food they had. I was expecting their typical eggs, bacon, sausage, pastries, but it was so much more than that. Don't get me wrong, their typical breakfast food was also great, but I was excited to see crab legs, prime rib, and crepes there. While the crab legs weren't as nicely done (cold and uncracked) as other buffets, it was still pretty good. I felt that their brunch focused a lot on baked goods (muffins, croissants, cookies) over hot food, which was a little disappointing. 

+/- THE SERVICE
It seemed like the service wasn't as on par with other notable Vegas buffets and it was a bit more "run down" in general. We had to get drinks ourselves from a small drink bar station. People didn't really come by to pick up our dishes. The space overall was a bit more crowded and tables were placed pretty close to each other.笑
Great place to get food for a big day in Vegas! I like the service and food. Recommended to go at least once when you visit Vegas!笑
Poor quality of food , very little choice ,  most of the food was either semi warm or just cold . Kobe beef was cold , dry and tough , can't even cut it through with knife ! Deseret was very mediocre , nothing special  ! Had to wait in line for at least 20 mins . Paid$  75 for two for dinner , it's a ripped off . Terrible experience !笑
Hot damn, how have I not written a review for this yet?  The Bellagio buffet is half the reason I come to Vegas (okay, so maybe like 10%, but that's only because booze takes the majority).  It's not *too* expensive (about $35 for the champagne brunch) and TOTALLY WORTH IT.  Mr. Bellagio has no qualms with keeping your mimosa filled to the brim.  In fact, you might have a hard time convincing them to put in more OJ, or cranberry juice, or whatever diluent of your choice.

So that is great.  The bubbly doesn't stop, and they don't even grumble when you're falling out of your chair and hollering about how awesome our waitress is and seeing if we can take her home with us.  The vast majority of the food is pretty damn delicious, considering it's a buffet.  They have this RIDICULOUS bacon that's sliced off in 1/4" pieces and placed lovingly on your plate.  Next to that goes the all you can eat shrimp, which I failingly try to separate from the mass amounts of syrup covering my french toast.  The eggs benedict gets its own plate.  And every once in awhile, I'll throw on some fruit for good measure.

Oh, and the coffee is delicious.

IT IS ALL DELICIOUS.  I don't know why I always forget to bring gallon ziplocks with me.  Stupid, stupid Robin.笑
It's been one of the most affordable and fulfilling buffets in Vegas. Food service is not something to expect but food quality is amazing. Sometimes this buffet has some of the most astonishing dishes. Like the Beef Wellington, Prime Rib Fried Rice and just the meats in general. But the sushi is still very very subpar. Other than that this is my favorite buffet in Vegas based on price and quality of the meat.笑
My personal favorite buffet that has the best Orange juice I have ever had in my entire life so far, way better than Cal Poly Orange juice and that stuff is delicious.  

The service can vary depending on who is your waiter I waited quite sometime before I had my second soda refill but this has only happened once every other time I always had a full refilled cup right away without asking.

My favorite part is dinner because I love Beef wellington and the side sauce they have for it.  It was perfect well done and just like I have seen on the Food network.  

Have never been disappointed here because Bellagio is one of my homes they always give me money so they will be seeing me again.笑
top notch

only neg was the wait, which isnt so bad after you get inside

food is second to none

options are pretty much endless

quality is impeccable

service is decent

4 stars

highly recommended

still wanna try the Village Seafood Buffet at Rio though笑
EVERYTHING that I put in my mouth was DELICIOUS!!!  My mom and I came here on a Wednesday morning at 10:30 am and so we paid the breakfast price but got the lunch food too!!  I loved everything I ate, my mom did too!  The sushi was awesome and not dried out like the Wicked Spoon.  The desserts were just amazing.  I would highly recommend this place for breakfast and lunch and dinner!!!笑
The Bellagio buffet was not bad. It was actually quite good. A couple of things though spoiled the experience:

- The seating area was quite badly designed. I felt like I was in your average American diner, instead of something special. And it was very dirty. There was food at the floor of our table which hadn't been cleaned properly, and the seats felt like they had seen cleaner days. Nothing terrible, but definitely not what I would expect.

- The Wynn buffet is right next door ;)笑
Prime rib is a must! I had to go for seconds and thirds. Though I was so stuffed. Dessert had huge selection, delish!笑
Buffet at the Bellagio...Oh yeah!
Did you know the hungry kitten considers herself a connoisseur of buffet foods? 
From the average Chinese super buffet to the grand buffets of Vegas!
Honestly I felt like I had died and gone to heaven.
In fact if I do die, I'm coming back as a stray animal and eating out of the buffet leftovers in Las Vegas.
Out of all the buffets in the world, this one is probably the best. No I'm not even stretching the imagination here. This buffet offers everything the heart could desire.
You want miso soup, a slice of pizza, scrambled eggs, chocolate torte and champagne for breakfast? All on the same plate? Sure thing!  Only in Vegas baby.

P.s be sure to go on the weekends also as the selection is greater and you get free champagne!

Free champagne woohoo! Mimosas for everyone!笑
Worst buffet I ever been too in my whole life! Was really disappointed! Nothing had flavor and everything was dry!笑
Not worth the price for sure. Service by the hostess is not good, the place does not smell great, and the food lacks taste. I have been there a few times, but the last three times experienced  the same issue- low quality food . Previously we decided not to go there again, but last night when we checked in we were so tired that we decided to just walk down and eat. The hostesses attitude is like you are eating there for free. The ambience is that of any other regular buffet. Do not go there. Mandalay bay may have fewer items but far superior at a lower price , tried and tested many times. Another favorite quality and ambience wise is the buffet at WYnn. Caesar has many items , need to revisit though. Bellagio needs to look into customer service, and change the we don't care attitude.笑
I have mixed feelings about this buffet, but I'll most likely try another place on my next trip to Vegas.

The selection is much smaller than I expected, and quite honestly, it reminded me of a very upscale Hometown Buffet. Don't get me wrong: they have some gourmet items here, like a variety of meats and a nice offering of seafood, but nothing to get overly excited about. Except maybe the macarons.

Surprisingly, this buffet's seafood selection was close to awesome. I usually avoid eating seafood when visiting landlocked states, but everything was great! Loved the miso-marinated bluefin - it was fork-tender, if a little undercooked. Their spinach salmon was tasty, as was their spicy tuna poke and crab legs. 

Their meats, however, made me a bit sad. I'm a wimp and prefer my steak medium...and if I'm feeling particularly savage, medium rare at best. Everything here was moo-rare: the prime rib, the kobe, the flank steak...Nothing says "yum" like a river of blood flooding the rest of your food! My asparagus, broccolini, and mushrooms were probably tasty, except I couldn't really discern any flavor other than blood. Nice.

Moving along. Their desserts were all delicious and beautifully presented. Le macarons, creme brulee, sorbet, and chocolate dome cake were all fantastic. If this place were renamed "The Dessert Buffet At Bellagio", I'd give it a standing ovation worthy of Celine Dion. Alas, the hefty dinner price doesn't justify an awesome dessert assortment and "just okay" food.笑
We ate there on January 2nd so it was like $50+tax a person.  It was also our first Vegas buffet so it had the advantage of having no comparisons.

Overall, it's decently good.  The selection of food is very good.  There are also a plethora of fancy stuff, like tuna pokes and caviar.  We tried the Kobe beef but it didn't feel special, but it was fancy stuff nonetheless.  The crab legs were good and large and they always resupplied it quickly.  There weren't as many different desserts as there were in Wicked Spoon but the quality is higher at Bellagio.

We ate at Wicked Spoon the very next day and I must say Bellagio is superior in every regard, including service.

An unrelated note, I gotta say keep yourself to one buffet per trip, otherwise it may be too much.笑
Really really really delicious!!!  Yes, it's pricey but you get a ton of stuff (alaskan crab legs, rack of lamb, ostrich, prime rib, duck breast, pork ribs...)  The trick is to go for late lunch-dinner at the lunch price!  Yo ho!笑
Major disappointment..
Came here after a long time. Should v gone to Bacchanals.
Apart from limited selection, theres a bee buzzing at my table笑
I've been to the buffet at the Aria, and the Monte Carlo and so far this is the best one! Best quality and so much variety! Endless shrimp, delicious pasta, the best braised steak! We were so full we had to go take a little nap in the room afterwards. The best food at a very reasonable price!笑
My friend had brunch here before and wanted me to try it. The line was long but moved fast. There's a varied selection to choose from. My main choices were the sushi, bacon, and watermelon even though I tried a little bit of a lot of the food. The experience wasn't over-the-top but neither were my expectations. I'm glad I experienced brunch at the Bellagio but there are many other places to try in Vegas.笑
Don't get me wrong, the food is great..... But not worth $50 a person. 

Since we're staying at the Bellagio, we hit the buffet more than once, simply due to convenience.  Breakfast is by far the best. Their biscuits and gravy is to die for! 

The only reason we're giving them 3 of 5 stars is service. The cashiers are not friendly at All and act as if they can't understand or hear your half of the time. We were almost overcharged more than once, which was simply annoying. The wait staff is unattentative, unless you look like you have tons of money.

Regardless, we all paid the same price and should receive the same experience.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is one of the best buffet in LV. They have sooo much food to choose from and each of them are delicately prepared. Their kobe beef, though i doubt if its the real one, is really good. King crabs are cut in have so its easier to work with. Sashimi are fresh. And their dessert, there is sooo much to choose from and taste really good. I would definitely come back here if i have the money.笑
Damn good buffet. I went on a Monday night and it was $27 per person. The other reviewers compared this place to Wynn's buffet. Since I haven't tried Wynn's, I'll have to give Bellagio 5 stars. All the dishes were fresh and delicious. Kobe beef was delicious, prime rib was tender, Chinese dishes were good and not too salty, and the desserts were too much! 

I'd add another star if I could just because I won playing the roulette. It paid for dinner for three and more.笑
One of the best buffets in vegas.. prime rib and gravy here is my favorite.. they have a good selection of everything, love this place, been coming here since i was little since we always stay in the bellagio and i still always get excited when my parents say were gonna hear!!笑
For $36.99 holiday branch, the quality of the food is poor, the selection is limited. There is not even Sushi/Sashimi.
Very disappointed.笑
I think this review has to be done section by section...

Meats: 2 stars... They were definitely edible. And they had a wide range of selections, from lamb to kobe top round to prime rib to beef wellington... The beef wellington was well done and overcooked... it was almost gray. And the puff pastry on the outside was completely moist and un-flaky, probably from sitting under the heat lamp. The lamb was just okay, a bit gamey, but nothing too difficult to eat. The kobe top round wasn't anything special, other than the fact that it said "kobe" on the label. The prime rib wasn't terrible, but wasn't amazing.

Potatoes: I love mashed potatoes, and the Bellagio didn't disappoint. The scalloped potatoes weren't good, though. Too cheesy and just too much.

Asian foods: Honestly I didn't try any of the Asian food options. I think it's a waste of digestive real estate lol. I literally tried a tiny piece of the chicken tikka masala and it was pretty gross.

Seafood: 3 stars... The ceviche was just okay. The shrimp cocktail was PERFECTION. The king crab legs were obviously thawed from being shipped frozen, but they were still pretty good.

Sushi: 1 star... The rice was gross. The fish itself was fine, but sushi isn't complete without rice. The rolls were just mediocre, as expected from buffets.

Caviar bar: 4 stars... The American caviar was good. The caviars were served on either a piece of bread or cracker with butter. The tobiko was yummy too. I didn't try the ikura (salmon roe), because it's a hit or miss even at sushi restaurants, and therefore probably a miss here. They also had spicy tuna hand rolls and steak tartares. The hand rolls were actually pretty good, but I personally think it could have used a slice of avocado and a slice of cucumber. The steak tartare was delicious.

Charcuterie: 3 stars... They had these different cheeses. My favorite was the one that was laced with black. The green was weird, and the pink was like alcohol.

Dessert: 5 stars... THIS was the best part of the entire buffet. The selection was vast, and mostly all of them were on point. They had sugar free options (not my thing) as well as gluten free options, for those who are intolerant. The desserts vary from creme brulee, flan, chocolate options, and strawberry desserts. I think my favorite thing was their Georgia peach sorbet. All of them are pretty much on point. Even the coffee they serve was dark and delicious, and complemented the sweet desserts perfectly.

Drinks: The only thing I wish was that they had unlimited drinks included in the price, just like Studio B. 

Overall it comes down to 3 stars. It's not bad, but I wouldn't come back here. There are so many more options in Vegas!笑
Spectacular. Food that really hits the spot. Where else can you get quality sea bass, salmon sashimi, rack of lamb, crab legs, and a plethora of other goodies all or the price of 29 bucks a person? 

Seriously this is a quality buffet with the MOST AWESOME cheesecake I have ever had in my life. 
 
The Buffet at Bellagio doesn't mess around. Come here it's worth it.笑
was excited to eat here for lunch before edc 2012, and even more excited when we got to bypass the long line - my friend had a platinum something or other card.

skipping the wait ended up being the best part of the buffet -_-

 low lights:

1. ribs were hit or miss.  mine tasted fine. boyf's tasted like old marlin jerky
2. food was cold, lukewarm at best
3. bad selection of sushi. i'm probably spoiled from bay area asian buffets though

 alright:

1. desserts were good.  but i wasn't there for desserts!!
2. lots of fruit,  walked out like i was coming from a farmer's market
3. not too $$

 SKIP THIS PLACE!! Wicked Spoon @ cosmo is 9483215696969x better笑
Für Las Vegas absolut günstig
Man findet wirklich alles
Laute Bahnhofsatmosphäre
Nix für  Romantiker
Aber alle werden glücklich
Noch ein super Tipp damit man nicht in der Schlange steht

Um 11:30 Uhr kommen den Preis für Mittagessen bezahlen. 
Ich habe keine 5 Minuten gewartet笑
Their Rosemary Prime Rib is the best I've ever had! Also, comparatively, a great selection of seafood if that's your thing.笑
Pretty pricey for 2 people  $62 but they have a big selection of food to offer. The seafood taste like it was frozen and just thawed out. No seasons but this is buffet food. Liquor you pay for separate at the inside bar. Fruit selection was good and dessert. Overall a 7 and half笑
Highlights after the St. Louis ribs, the herb-crusted prime rib, crab legs and the desserts like pecan tart and the cheesecake!

With the MyVegas slots game, there is a BOGO to make it a great value笑
You get what you pay for in Vegas and you get a boat load of food to try here at the Bellagio. I tired so much crab legs, prime rib, sushi, and steak. Too many items to list and I don't want to bore you! The three times I have been here I only waited in line for a long time, when you get there early it's not that big of a deal, and if you have to wait it only builds your hunger up. I don't really like buffets in general but this an exception to the rule. Quality food and quality service every time we've been to the Bellagio buffet. So fork over your cash and wear you stretchy pants because you will damn sure need them after eating here.笑
3.5 stars.  Food was great!  But there was no way this place deserves 4 or 5 stars for the unwelcoming service we got.  So many yelpers gave this place great reviews so I had to try it on 12/24.  

My BF and I tag teamed to switch standing in line **over 3.5 hours in line**  When it was my turn to leave the line, I went in search of a place for appetizer, lo and behold I found JEAN PHILLIPE BAKERY for a wonderful yummy Panini sandwich to hold us over.  

Our overall experience at the buffet was horrible!!  Our hostess told us that we didn't have much time because the buffet was closing!!!  WTF We stood in line from 6p to 10p!  The BF did not want to leave after 1.5 hours of wait.  LEAVE people, LEAVE if you've been in line longer than an hour!

Hostess and hosts complaining about not wanting to stay late!  They need to take their frustration in the back room not next to our table where patrons cannot hear so we can enjoy our meal!  

TIP:
Attempt this buffet only if the line is not an hour long!  Go elsewhere if it is!!  it's not worth paying $80 for two and to be rushed and feel unwelcomed.  Go to Jean Phillipe bakery.笑
This place is decent compared to all of the other buffets I've been to in Vegas.  I would def recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good buffet to go to.  I still have yet to have visited a buffet that I could rate as 4-5 stars.  I can't remember all that I ate during my last trip but here is a list of some of the things I had.

Rack of Lamb (4)
Kobe Beef (4)
Shrimp (2)
Crab Legs (2)
Prime Rib (4)
Mash Potatoes (4)
Mac & Cheese (3)
Sushi (3)
Ahi (3)
Creme Brulee (4)
Cheesecake (3)笑
Really not very great.  Atmosphere is much like a busy cafe.  Reminds me of Hometown buffet.  It's just okay with a price tag like Ruth Chris.  The food was average at best.  The crab was not fresh and way too salty.  Sushi was inedible.  Prime Rib and potatoes were good.  For the price find yourself a nice elegant 5 star eatery and really enjoy yourself.  I think it's good if you like to overeat.笑
The Bellagio has always been a destination I made sure to swing by once during any Vegas trip. It's been that way for the past 10 years, so why change? I haven't changed, but they did. And why shouldn't they? Some change is good. In Bellagio's case, it's not so great.

They serve king and snow crab legs, cocktail shrimps, prime rib, kobe beef, and so much more, but everything about the flavor seems to be lacking. The crab legs weren't sweet, the meat tough and chewy, and I walked around the dessert station a couple times and still couldn't find the creme brûlée. 

What I'm trying to say is the Bellagio isn't bad, and if isn't bad is what you're going for, then by all means come on over to the Bellagio buffet.笑
I thought all the food was just average.  The desserts were very disappointing.  Service was great though.  There are so many better buffets in Vegas.  I wouldn't wait an hour plus in line for this buffet.笑
Everything you would expect. We only waited 40 mins. Wouldn't wait more than an hour, even with unlimited champagne. Solid for buffet. However breakfast doesn't have crab legs...just in case you wanted some. You have to wait for dinner笑
This place was pretty good, although I wasn't feeling that great during or after, but I don't think it was due to the food.  Too bad because I could have really torn through quite a bit of this stuff.  Lamb chops were excellent.  Hand made sushi as well, nice!笑
Wow the price is just too good (IF you dine here on weekdays)

Fresh juicy lobster, large variety of meats (lamb, pork, beef etc..), and lots of asian, italian, mexican, american selections. Damm for $27, the price is competitive with other buffet on the strip that offers less than the quantity and quality of items here. I came here with my girl on our last day here in Vegas and boy I've been missing this place ever since.

Again come on weekdays. less people + cheaper price笑
i dont think it was worth it first of all the food wasnt good at all the only thing i like was the strawberries dipped in chocolate they only had cold shrimp and they ndidnt have much to choose from i think ive tasted better buffets in torrance. yea it was fancy but i didn't like it笑
Pretty darn good. Fair price and a myriad of choices. Family enjoyed it and they were very busy but good was fresh and tasty笑
If you're ever out in Vegas and feeling hungry for some bomb food, I would highly suggest you go here. The food is diverse and delicious. And I really do think it's well worth your money, just make sure you go on an empty stomach. 
I'm not a huge fan of buffets, but I've been here twice already and wouldn't mind going again on my next visit to Vegas! It's just that good.笑
I wasn't expecting much from the buffet because most are quantity over quality, but the majority of the food was very good. The only knock I would say is the variety does not seem to be as much as other buffets I have been to, but that is ok. Some highlights defiantly worth trying out would be the Chilean Sea Bass, and the poke. I would say of the few buffets I have tried in Vegas this would be my favorite.笑
I honestly expected this buffet to be a LOT better. Maybe I just have high expectations for a buffet that I paid 45 bucks for .. I think it was dinner price but I went in at 4:30pm.

We got seated rather quickly because it was kinda early for dinner time.

There was nothing special about the food. very mediocre. Sushi was mediocre-it didn't taste as fresh as I had hoped.

Dessert was NOT good. It looks really good & pretty though. To get my money's worth, I tried a bite of every single dessert they had. haha, yes my taste buds got a little confused here and there. Hands down, the creme brulee was the best! That one is the only one worth trying in my opinion :) Cheesecake was alright but like I said, nothing special.

A random note: They have ostrich there..
I'm a pescetarian so I don't eat that stuff but my friends all tried it and had to spit it out and chase it down with soda..I guess you can try if you want. Maybe it's an acquired taste but just a slight warning..it smells & looks pretty gross.

The only reason I didn't give this 2 stars instead of 3 is because our waiter was super friendly. He kept coming back to take away our plates & refill our drinks.

All in all, try a different buffet. I hear Mirage was better but have never actually tried it. Next time I will. 
You can pass for Bellagio Buffet. Save your money.笑
Breakfast is my thing so we visited for a Sunday brunch and it was wonderful! This was my first time at bellagio and happy we chose it after reviews we've looked at. We paid $30 per person and did not do champagne brunch or get any alcohol. We were seated promptly and waiter came for drink order immediately. We informed him we had not been here before and showed us all the different stations. And wow the stations were to die for! 

Honey ham, oven roasted turkey and prime rib carving stations, omelette station, salad bar, Asian station, pastries, Italian, soups, fruits wonderful. I highly recommend the waffles

Service staff was great and very attentive . Well worth the money!笑
Wynn or Bellagio?  Tough choice.  It's a coin toss between the two.  If you love Alaskan king crab and creme brulee, go to the Wynn though I thought the opi snow crab legs were sweeter and more tender than the Alaskan King crab legs.  Prime rib was good at both places.  However, I was shocked that the carver at the Bellagio cut the prime rib in half HORIZONTALLY.  The best part of the prime rib was on one half and the tougher part was on the other.  If you didn't know your cuts, you'd be missing out on the most tender part of the prime rib.  I still couldn't believe it.  I've never been to a buffet that does that.   Cut it thinner if you don't want people to waste but don't cut it in half horizontally!!!  Other than that the desserts overall were better at the Bellagio.  And if you like sushi and poke salad definitely go here.  They even have spicy tuna hand roll.  Yum!笑
I checked with the best buffets in Las Vegas and it gave Bellagio Buffet a #2 ranking. I went there 9/28/11 for lunch. I did not find a item I enjoyed at all. Everything was plain to  me.The Kobe beef and St. Louis rib are both dry, not juicy. Not better than the roast beef or ribs at Country Buffet or Golden Corral. The price is more than double than those places. The sweets are good but not worthy of the high classy name of Bellagio. Would I go back there again, No.笑
Too long of a wait and too expensive for what it was. The food really wasn't that good.
The staff was good. Next time in Vegas I won't go back笑
I took the "Capitalistic" approach from a previous Yelper and decided to take my three interns from mainland China to the bastion of Capitalism, Las Vegas, where excess is best.  We did not fret on the long lines waiting to enter the buffet, but we were a little hungry after their long flight, wrought with delays, coming to Las Vegas.  But the Bellagio did not disappoint.  From the seafood platters and bottomless Alaskan King Crab helpings to the Prime Rib, all were delicious and nutritous.  We all passed on the rice and bread and loaded up on the beef, crab, shrimp, and sashimi.  I was even surprised they served Poke here.  My favorite dessert was the mini creme brulee, a treat that can't be beat "Sorry, Twinkie the Kid!"  The price for four people during dinner was about $112, and it was well worth it.  The service was exceptionally attentive and surprisingly timely.  Whenever we got up and returned for another round of epicurean delight, our plates were cleared from the table.  My goodness, how often does that happen?  Bellagio buffet is here to stay. Well Done! And I shall return.笑
Good selection of food. I was amazed actually..I've had some horrible buffets in WA & MA and this one was great. One thing that was bad was that some of the food was luke warm and not hot. Overall very good.笑
Thought it was pretty good. Super busy, and kind of squished close to strangers but food was good.  Liked the sliders and the vanilla dome dessert (got two!). Lots of higher quality options that were tasty. Great waitstaff! Got the meal for free due to myVegas slot game.  Because of this we were able to jump the line of people waiting to get in and were seated immediately. Pretty cool as there is usually a nice wait.笑
Unfortunately this place has slowly gone down in quality. The crab legs don't have much meat in them and the food wasn't as fresh. Came here the other night and ended up having stomach issues for the rest of the night. Don't think I'll be coming back. 

Also, they now charge $13 for valet. So after spending almost $300 at the buffet, paying for valet was a bit of a joke.笑
This place was pretty cool. There was a lot to choose from. The pictures on here look much better though. I wish I had visited on a different day. I was looking forward to the sushi. Unfortunately they only had cucumber rolls (a little sloppy, and mostly rice). My favorite part was the dessert selection. I also liked how they were serving both breakfast and lunch items. The only annoying part was the long line. But that is expected in Vegas.笑
Their dinner was okay .. but their breakfast is phenomenal. 

All I ate there were scrambled eggs, white rice, canadian bacon, and some chinese broccoli and I was extremely pleased. They also had an oatmeal bar where you can top it with pecans, brown sugars, and raisins. You can't get oatmeal through room service, but you can get it here! 

My Fiance loves smoked salmon and had plates of it and he loved it. 

For the price - $17 (includes tax) you couldn't really beat it for everything they offered.笑
Everybody we know who's been to Vegas always recommended the buffet at Bellagio. So my girlfriends and I decided to check the place out and see what the big deal was! When we got there, the line was at least 2 hours long (it even wrapped in a zig zag), and dinner prices on a Saturday night came out to $39 a person. I certainly didn't want to wait in line for a BUFFET unless this place was bomb! 

Fortunately for us, one of our guy friends is a frequent poker player at the Bellagio and got all 6 of us a fast pass, and bye-bye waiting in line! We got seated immediately and I started heading for the food. There were various meats to choose from as I was surprised to see Veal, rack of lamb, and Wellington. There were two crab leg mountains and did I mention their HUGE dessert selection? 

I certainly did not eat $39 worth of food, but the service was great, atmosphere was luxurious, and this HAS to be the CLEANEST buffets I've EVER been to!笑
My first time @ the Bellagio Buffet was pretty good, but this time was so disappointing!.  Favourite is still the Wynn, but Bellagio is cheaper (only $19.99 for lunch--and get here before 4pm and you get dinner which includes king crab legs).  

The king crab legs were so freezing cold and salty it was disgusting. No warm, melted butter either!  Our server only came by ONCE to refill my orange juice (which is pretty good btw), and that's only after I pretty much had to BEG for it.  It wasn't that busy either.  You can do better.  If you are looking for something on the strip and want to splurge go WYNN.  Otherwise middle of the road is the Spice Buffet @ Planet Hollywood (you can do their $49.99 24 hour thing, or just print the $5 off coupon on destinationcoupons.com--valid for any meal so great deal!).  If you want true value hit up the Paradise Buffet on Fremont!!! Half the price and way more satisfying!  

And oh yeah, their creme caramel sucked!! How do you screw that up?笑
Not a huge fan of buffets so not really sure why I came... the wait to get in was ridiculous as usual (40 min?) on a Sat morning. This is probably one of the better buffets in Vegas and definitely decently priced (Wynn is $35, this is $25) although the selection isn't as large.笑
This place is AMAZING!!! We were on an unplanned visit to Vegas and we wanted a good buffet to have dinner at. The trip before we had Bacchanal and we thought it was good, just a little overrated..we decided to give this one a shot. We were totally impressed by the selection of food choices they had. The food was great, it didn't have that "buffet taste" that others had. They haf a carving station, sea food station and so much more. Their dessert selection is a paradise for a person with a sweet tooth. Being that's it's a buffet, you really don't expect to have such great waiter service. Our server was the best, he was quick to pick up our dirty dishes and fill our drinks.

I would definitely go back and we'd pick this place over Bacchanal anyday!

Better service and better quality of food.笑
Quality of this buffet was much better than most buffets we've been to and we've been to a lot.  They have a great assortment of meats,  fish, seafood, pasta,  salads,  sushi, poke,  and restaurant quality desserts.   Also be sure to ask for coffee afterwards.   it is super.  Will be coming back again!   :)笑
best buffet i've eaten at!  everything is good.  a bit pricey, but worth it.  arrive a little early to beat the long line that will form.  i heard wynn has a very good buffet too.  i hope to try that next time i'm in vegas.笑
Average food. I used to like it more when it was less expensive. Good options of sushi and brunch food. It's a good buffet overall .笑
After all the hype, I finally got to experience this buffet.  It is an ok buffet, but definitely not a contender for best in Vegas.  They have a variety of desserts, but no real standout dish for me.  The wait was down the ramp, around the ropes, but only took about 30 mins.  Maybe it was over-hyped and my expectations too high, but I don't think I would return to this one.  I heard this buffet has steadily declined since Steve Wynn sold the place.  It is one to try once to rest your curiosity, but if you miss it, you will live.笑
** First impression:  overall very good including service from cashier to food quality.
** Our first time was breakfast/lunch (arriving before 11:00am, you witness the meal changeover.)
** Breakfast:  $19.99 per; however, this is Bellagio.  There on a Thursday, a lot of people in hotel;
       showing how Bellagio's popularity is still very high in 2015.
** Nice location to walk off your meal with elaborate lobby area and people watching.
** You can continue your after meal walk out the front doors and easy crossing at street level
       of the Strip right into Planet Hollywood where they have the "Miracle Mile" shopping center.笑
Reading all the trashing reviews I about didn't go.  I am sure there are several other good buffets in Las Vegas besides this place and Ceasars.  That said, I don't know what people are complaining about.  If you want Private dining with Gordon Ramsey, you could do that- someplace else.  I was a little disappointed that "Holiday pricing" was still in effect Sunday night after New Year's Eve (last Thursday).  The town was dead. However, the selection and the unique choices of food blew me away.  3 or 4 upscale ocean fish plates to choose from, of which 3 I LOVED.  All the norm, prime rib, lamb chops, pork tenderloin, a couple different steak cuts, pork, Asian, Mexican etc.  Full blown crab legs (big ones, not little ones you normally see)- already sawed in half for you to pig out on.  It was really great.  The deserts- well, I won't be redundant.  Same.  Choice, quality, unique.  Very very pleased.笑
We went there because it was highly recommended.  It may have been good years ago when that person visited, but I certainly would NOT recommend it now.  The food was awful!  We had better buffet-style food at the convention we attended, and that was to serve over 1500 people!   Staff was very pleasant, though, and that is the only reason I gave it a second star.

Do yourself a favor and try elsewhere.笑
The Bellagio Buffet isn't a deal--it's a STEAL. We had everything under the sun and it was just $35/person on a Friday night. We also didn't have face the hour-long line because we were happily willing to sit at the bar.

My favorites were the assorted sashimi, ahi poke, and bluenose. Nothing was spectacular, but the selection was niceee. Prime rib, beef wellington, lobster ravioli, savory souffles--you name it, it's there. It just won't be the best you've ever had. But really, is anything in Vegas the best you've ever had? The city itself is a tacky, piecemeal replica of other cities.

I'm going to try the Buffet at the Wynn next time I'm in LV, but this was the best buffet I've been to cost-benefit-wise by far.笑
The Bellagio Buffet was one of our favorite buffets whenever we visit Vegas.  We arrived a little before 3pm on a Friday for the buffet and did not have to experience any waiting lines and were promptly seated. Our waitress promptly took our drink orders shortly after we were seated.  

Started out with some salads, peeled shrimp and sushi.  They were good but nothing special.  They have snow crab legs, but at 3:30pm they start bringing out the dinner items and that includes crab legs. These were a lot better than the snow crab legs.

I usually gravitate towards to the carving station at buffets.  The slices of beef and the beef wellington were disappointing to say the least.  Both were medium well and were on the dry side.  The wellingtons that were on the carving station were all at the same medium well doneness.  Wow, shouldn't you have different doneness to satisfy the different palates?

The desserts were the best part of my meal.  With a decent selection, they were in most part pretty good.

The service was very good and efficient.  Our used plates were promptly removed from our table.

Overall, the food appears to have dropped in quality from our past visits.  For a couple of bucks more, the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's is worth it as it is in another class.  We had tried the Bacchanal Buffet and everything we tried was delicious.  Sorry, but can't say this is the case for the Bellagio Buffet.笑
Didn't get to go on the weekend, I went for a late breakfast, under $20 M-T.  No line to get in.  Smoked salmon was great with capers and onions.  Lots of options and desserts...sorbets and ice cream.  We were seated in a nice quiet area, some of the other locations were packed with people.  Ribs tender, London broil cooked to perfection, I like mine under med rare...  The best part was it was free...笑
So delicious! Best steak I'd ever had. I was completely sober and wanted to stand up on the table and tell everyone, "This is the best steak I've ever had, you've got to try this!" This was the first Las Vegas buffet I'd ever been to and the quality was amazing! There isn't as much variety as the Wynn Buffet and the desserts weren't as good but overall I enjoyed my experience and will return.笑
I ate at the Buffet at Bellagio a couple of years ago and it was nothing less than amazing, so I went back last week during a trip to Vegas.  The food was fresh and selections topped the standard buffet-fare.  The serving area was kept clean (a huge factor for me) and well attended.  The crab legs were plentiful, fresh, and pre-cut.  There were other seafood options that are worth mentioning like mussels, oysters on the half shell, smoked salmon (yummy), etc..  I liked the cheese/deli meat selections as it included prosciutto, cured salami, and tasty cheeses.  This sums up the things I liked.  I took a star away because they have gone downhill a bit.  The desserts used to look hand made and unique.  They now look mass produced.  The flan and crème brulee tasted like the standard buffet custard.  The other dessert choices were mini pies, cakes, pies, etc..  Nothing better than what you would find at a cheap buffet.  They needed more service staff.  Our waitress worked her heart out but she was almost running around to keep up with the demand of clearing plates and filling drinks.  This left the dining area floor looking a little dirty.  

Overall, this buffet is still a good choice, however they have slipped a little into "ho-hum-drum" over the past couple of years and I may just choose a less expensive option next time around.笑
This place is a must everytime we are visiting.  I've eaten here so much that I have my go to items.  These items are a must.

King Crab
Snow Crab
Shrimp cocktail
Salmon nigiri(I only eat the salmon)
Seabass
Pesto mashed potato
Flan
Creme brulee

I skip all the other items, so that I can have as much of the above as possible.  So good. Can't wait for our next trip!笑
Buffet here is great, we came here for brunch and we hear this is the place to be for brunch. Had high expectations and they weren't dissapointed. The fresh made omletes were taste and the ingredients were fresh.  The ham was probably the best tasting carved ham I had at any buffet. The Asian section tasted like Asian cuisines, typically that does not happen unless it is an Asian place serving buffet. The desert, what can I say they were delicious. Better than some places known for their desserts.
  Pay for the unlimited Champagne it is worth it. My glass was always filled up. The amount of champagne I had should cover my buffet charge alone. Therefore food was a bonus and that was one hell of a bonus. Be prepared to eat so make sure you have the proper attire, stretchable pants or where one with a 1/2 size larger. You will not leave hunger.笑
There is was a long line of about 30 people in front of us and it took about 20 minutes to get in. But worth the wait.  Food was good but salmon was mouthwatering. It was cooked right in the spot and you could actually ask them you wanted it to be cooked. Typically anywhere else you'll get dry overcooked salmon, but this was juicy, pinkish but not raw, just perfect. Thanks chef! 
Highly recommended! Good buffet.笑
The bf and I headed here for the Champagne Brunch, it is a little pricy, but in my opinion very much worth it. The quality of the food here is definitely not buffet quality, but what you'd expect at an upscale restaurant. I enjoyed the BEST French toast I've ever had along with a variety of other tasty items. My bf was excited to try the sushi bar that opened at noon, and he said it was pretty good. All the while the mimosas kept coming. 
Great food and good service! A definite must if you've never tried it before!笑
I'm scratching my head over what to include in this review, and I am drawing a blank.

The wait was about 45 minutes on a Sunday night around 5:30. Once inside, I didn't get the thrill of seeing all of their selection. If anything, I had that impression of "I wish we had decided to go elsewhere."

The crab legs were a huge disappointment. They weren't that good in comparison to other buffets I have had. The prime rib was a little on the tough side, and was quite lacking in flavor. 

All in all, you get the idea. I would say avoid this buffet altogether, not worth it!笑
I've really enjoyed the buffet at bellagio.  They have lots of variety of food from different parts of the world.  Their desserts look better than they taste, so, I took 1 star off.笑
Absolutely nothing special. The food was ok, but aside from the crab and shrimp, nearly everything on this buffet could be found at a Golden Corral. Being the Bellagio, I had high hopes for this buffet, but I was severely disappointed. The dining area was cramped and had absolutely no atmosphere. They either need to drastically step up their game in terms of quality, or significantly lower their price. For the $50 per person we paid for this buffet on Memorial Day weekend, we could have gone to a variety of restaurants on the strip and gotten a much better tasting meal.笑
My girlfriend and I went for dinner late tonight--around 8:45 pm. Paid for weekday dinner (about $32). I was really excited to come here...online reviews spoke highly of the food. But to be honest, I wasn't really impressed. I've been to better Vegas buffets. The food was just average, nothing to write home about (except the bread pudding...I wish I had room to eat the whole dish LOL). 

The biggest turnoff...the food didn't sit well with either of us. Both of us had stomachaches (and not from eating too much) and were running to the restroom when we got back to our hotel room. 

Best bet: steer clear of this buffet and try another. Mediocre food and upset stomach.笑
Used to be one of the better buffets.  The menu and items are still very good - with exotic meats, sea food and lots of variaty.  However, quality seems to be way down as compared to when it first started many years ago.  
I used to go very often, everytime I visit Vegas.  But now I am pretty sure it gave me stomach upsets almost 50% of the time.  There's a good chance that last food poisoning I had was from this place.. probably the questionable seafood freshness.笑
The line is so longgg and it took forever about 30-1hr wait.. , but it was definitely worth the wait !

The food is great ! the prime rib, salad selections and so much desserts to pick from !!! they definitely had some good japanese dishes and pasta was delicious !! ~ the sushi area.. --eh it was okay. . . it wasnt an asian buffet so i totally get why..

and the service was greeat

Totally worth the wait !笑
If you are going to splurge on a buffet in Vegas, make it a good one. The buffet at Bellagio just doesn't compare with all the other great buffets in Vegas. 

The food and variety was just okay. The little pancakes they were giving out with the caviar tasted awful. There are definitely other buffets that have better food quality for sure.

From what I remember customer service was good. 

Overall, nothing really special from this place.笑
I recently went to this buffet during my stay in Vegas. I went to a total of four different buffets and this has to be my favorite one even though it was a little pricy. We arrived at the buffet a little earlier than 5 and had an hour wait. This buffet provided good food and their service was great. Our waiter was really friendly and nice. He was constantly checking up on us to make sure we have everything we need. I really enjoyed my dinner here and would come back during my next stay in Vegas.笑
Vegas buffets make me feel like a contestant on Supermarket Sweep (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSwmFurzkpQ), combing the stations for the most expensive offerings to make sure I get the biggest bang for the buck.

Luckily, my first trip to the Bellagio Buffet was after an early east coast flight that got me in to Vegas at 12PM Vegas time but 3PM on my body clock.  Having not eaten anything besides some Delta-provided cookies, I decided to use the buffet to catch up on breakfast and lunch.  Here's how it went:

Breakfast
Fantastic pancakes and thick-cut bacon.  Better than most I have when I go out for brunch.  French toast was thick but bland.  Cheese blintzes good but better with strawberry sauce on top of them.

Lunch
Very good prime rib and leg of lamb at the carving station.  Asked for medium rare - got medium rare.  The rubs on each were very flavorful.

Cocktail shrimp were nice and plump.  Tried a few vegetables and Singapore noodels that were just so-so.

I was disappointed there weren't any crab legs or something else that was a cut above the norm - steak, lobster, etc.

Dessert
Yeah, still had room.  Liked the sundae station (ground up Butterfingers as topping is a plus).  The fruit tart I tried was average but the chocolate chip cookie was very good.

All in all, a step above the other buffets I've had.  I earned by $26 worth.  Worthy choice for a 1-2 meal sitting.笑
When you mention your headed to sin city, chances are, you're friends are gona ask you, "Are you gona hit up the one of the buffets??" Well yessir I will, and I heard that the Buffet at the Bellagio is the most popular and best one!

Heres what I was expecting. A large dinner buffet with many options including different cuts of meat, fresh seafood.

So onward we go, as we waited in line at 9pm. I wasn't expecting a crowd of people to be in line, and there really wasn't that many people. I think we waited for about 15-20mins before we paid for our dinner, then another 5-7mins until we were taken to our table by the nice waitress and were seated. 

First thing I noticed was that the soft drinks/water are all self-serve, using the cool new soft drink dispenser you see at all major fast food burger joints now. Alcohol is not included in the price of the buffet, just in case you're wondering for all you lushes out there.

As usual, I take a preview walk of the options before I start piling my plate, and I started to realize...there aren't that many options. 

My first plate with mashed potatoes, a cut of the prime rib, some fried rice, dungeoness crab legs and some cocktail shrimp.

Second plate - Large copious amounts of snow crab legs, a pork of some kind that I can't remember, and some sushi.

All of the food I can say, is pretty average to below average. The snow crab legs were overly cooked and salty, the sushi was dry and boring, and there weren't as many options as I was expecting. I think the biggest problem, and all large buffets like this suffers from, is that theres too many options and some food tend to sit there and wait for the newest overeater to come by and pick them up.

This is especially the case of the dessert, which had at least 15 options not including the self-serve ice cream. All the desserts I sampled were just either too dry because they've been sitting out for too long, or are overly too sweet, which I guess is my personal preference.

Would I go back again? Probably not, especially not at the cost of $40+ per person. But if you're new to Vegas, I say, why not, give it a shot and form your opinion. I think I rather hit up David Chang's new Momofuku location or the Shake Shack thats not too far from the Bellagio.

Or just spend the $40 on black and see how your chances stack up.笑
Use to be hands down the best. Planet Hollywood is best IMO. Expensive, crowded, but good food.笑
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. My family and I come about once every two years and Bellagio never disappoints. The hotel had a reputation of being Vegas's classic hotels and the buffet doesn't stray far from that image as well. 

The staff is kind and the food is delicious. There's something for everyone. From salads to sushi, there's bound to be dozens of options that you'll crave again and again. 

The price isn't too high either compared to other buffets in town. The quality of service and food is excellent and a must go if you're in Las Vegas!笑
I can't be mad at it,but not what it used to be. Used to be the best buffet in LV hands down. Last two years, it's been adequate. Not mad, just disappointed I didn't go a little more adventurous. There wasn't a bad dish, but nothing to bring me back either.笑
If you like seafood, you will enjoy the buffet.  I indulged in fresh crab, steamed mussels, classic clams in white wine sauce, shrimps, sashimi, scallop salad,...   Their salads are great too.  Other than that, the food wasn't stellar.  There is a huge variety, but unless you're seeking a meal where you're over stuffed, it's not worth the money.

Our vacation stay at the Bellagio came with a daily credit for the buffet, which is why we came here at least once a day for dinner or brunch.  After one meal here, we kind of wished we didn't have the credit.  It would have been better just to try a larger number of different cafes and restaurants.  I suppose we could have just not used the credit, but we are savers and way too conditioned not to pass that up!  

We visited in late Feb, and at most waited 15-20 min in the line.  Most of the time, it was shorter than that.  Service is inconsistent.  We had one server who was really attentive and the rest were mediocre at best.笑
We have been here twice now and neither were very good or worth the wait.  We've been her for dinner and now brunch, and let's just say, gross I've had better at hometown buffet.  The brunch had few selections and what was there was horrible and not fresh.  Will not come back to this buffet ever, much better buffets for same price or cheaper on the strip.笑
It's been about three years since I had the Sunday brunch buffet here, and I still dream about it!

That hazelnut french toast with chocolate almost put me in a sweet food coma.笑
I would suggest management to go undercover and have the experience at their buffet... They need to trane personell to be more polite, to serve better and smile!
Food, mediocre at best, why? Why the bad service? The chefs that serve meat products, I would not have them work for me... They are there in a bad mood... They look as if this favor they are doing does not end!!
Choice, sushi, better take it out! Meats, well, eat them and tell me what you think!anyways, been there done that!!
Sorry... Enjoy笑
$48 for holiday dinner pricing. This was my second time at this buffet and I remembered the first time being so much better. This time the food was really dry, bland, and the steak was really hard. I'm not really sure why people wait in line for this place. If it wasn't for a buffet line pass that I had I don't think I would ever come here. 

It is also very crowded at certain parts and I think during this experience I saw at least 4 people dropping their plates on the floor. 

Where were those strawberries?笑
47.99$ per person. Kinda expensive for a so so buffet. The food was okay, but not worth 47.99$. The desert options were probably the best part. They were amazing! Probably won't be back to that buffet.笑
It was our first time eating here. The food was just tooooo salty for my taste such as the cream spinach and tacos. The Kobe beef was tough in texture. The strawberries were tart and not sweet. You could see that there were a lot of the staff  in the dining room area chatting amongst themselves. Overall experience was poor. It was a waste of  my money. Will not recommend.笑
My wife, children and myself went here last July on a Sunday for lunch which ended us being Sunday Brunch. We waited in line an hour to pay and when we got to the register the cost was more then their online advertised price on the website. We asked for management and they were reluctant to give a price adjustment but in the end they gave us an offer that made up for the difficulty. I will say they have an online advertised price of 20.99 for lunch "daily" it's not daily, it's only Mon-Fri. The online advertised price for weekend brunch is $27.99 and the price at the register is $31.99. We came at 1pm. We were hoping for more of a lunch but there was more of a breakfast- brunch variety. There were at least 4 eggs, bacon and sausage stations which I thought was a bit much... There were two omelette stations which were good, and there was a carving station with turkey and prime rib. The prime rib was very rare, the turkey was delicious. It was difficult to find someone to carve as the only person in the area was manning the omelets. There was no powdered sugar for the French toast the whole time we were there the bowl remained empty... But the French toast was good without it and the syrup was nice and warm.  If you like sushi or Asian food there was a nice selection of fresh rolls and such... The desserts were beautifully presented and tasted delicious. Overall it is one of the better buffets, next time we come to Vegas we will do the dinner buffet as we really didn't want breakfast at 1pm.笑
Love this place?!!!!!!  Excellent food.  The crab legs are to die for. And, because it's a buffet,  I can eat my weight in seafood!  The sushi options were pretty good. On their own, out would have been a disappointment. But when you add all the other seafood options, thus place is killer.

There were excellent dessert selections from cake to cookies and ice cream.  Salad bar was very good too, but I only looked.   Number one rule of buffets-  don't fill up on the salad bar! !笑
I remember this place being a lot better a couple years ago, but I didn't feel that it was great this time. The Kobe beef was waay too hard to cut, the rotisserie chicken was kinda dry, the tender pork loin was just ham, and the crab legs (all the Asian people go for the crag legs first) were frozen. Yes, all I ate was meat, but why go for the cheap dishes, when you can stuff yourself with the higher level dishes. Maybe I was just there at a bad time. I did however enjoy the selection of awesome desserts, which made up for the okay meal.笑
This place is horse shit. First of all they charged our 8-year old who ate one small plate the same price as adults. Their sushi is worse than the take-out sushi you can buy at Vons. Their crab legs suffered from anorexia. Even their steamed rice was hard and overcooked. They couldn't even get STEAMED RICE right. I remember when this was the best buffet on the strip. Now it's pure shit. Stay clear.笑
Best hotel buffet in LV!  Unlike most buffets, where you may get varying qualities of selections, everything served at the Bellagio buffet was top quality!  They also have interesting dishes such as ostrich, elk, fois gras beef wellington, etc.  At the end of the meal, I feel so sad that there's still so much more I want to try but I'm too full to eat anymore.  I will definitely come back again and again.笑
Came for weekend Brunch.  Very disappointed.  Service was horrible.  Had to go to the bar myself to get coffee and champagne.  Sushi was only calif rolls.  Just all and all mediocre.  Bummed they didn't serve crab legs at brunch.  I think every other buffet in town has at least snow crab legs.  Prime beef, ham and turkey carving.  Omelet stations.  Not worth it for brunch.  $29笑
I tried the buffet at the Wynn first before the Bellagio.  The buffet here is definitely a GREAT buffet if you compare it to other restaurants across America...but this time we're comparing it to Vegas standards.  I think the buffet at Wynn is a lot better and it has a much better ambiance than Bellagio.  Since I gave Wynn 5 stars then I have to give Bellagio 4 stars.  The lunch selection is not that great, you should go during dinner time.  

Bellagio needs to invest some money on making the restaurant brighter and maybe even a new facelift.  It just looks so old.  But nonetheless, still a pretty good buffet.笑
Really disappointing and really doesn't live up to the Bellagio image or standards.  Waited 10 minutes to even see the waitress; she brought us our coffee and waters and never was able to get a 2nd water so spent the second half of the meal with nothing to drink.  The food......maybe its because it was the breakfast buffet, but it was about as bland and gross as bad buffets get.  The desserts were decent, the rest was forgettable and disappointing.笑
4 stars for there buffet during midday - dinner

they got alot of meats at the carving station to choose from, prime rib, ham, ostrich, flank,  pork lion, lamb, etc trust me they got lots of meatss

suprisingly their ostrich meat was blood red but it was cooked the whole way through I was told it is just the color, I would go back for it the taste was interesting, did not taste like chicken lil gamey but not like lamb super tender you can cut it with a spoon I was also told for ostrich meat it is usually all muscle,  their prime rib was stellar, juicy, red or well they have both options, lamb was good not gamy small in size but good on taste, pork tenderlion passed on looked dry, brisket was juicy and tender but dried up quick from cut to table dried up haha
they had ribs, stay alway from ribs not so great

not a real fan of crustaceans folks but know that lobster was not offered but king crab, shrimps were offered by the buckets load

their sushi not so good

dessert did not try, fruits most of them fresh and sweet most not all 

food **** stellar 4 on choices of meats 
price $$$ yep it is up there
ambiance *** lil dark in some seating sections, not super clean if you look hard enough you can see flaws
service *** so so one waitress better then the other笑
I was really hopeful about the buffet here. They do have a decent selection but what comes up short here is why pay a good lump sum per person for an average tasting breakfast buffet?

The stuff I had was just the basics: honey baked ham, eggs, sausages, biscuit and gravy, cheeses, and pancakes. Nothing fancy here... JUST AVERAGE ,BASIC BREAKFAST but yet we pay lots of loot here when we didn't eat that much ( just the two plates for me ).

The highlights here is are the champagne/mimosa dang! our server got us hooked! The coffee here was awesome! I'm not sure what kind it was but their house coffee was off the hook as well. Their drinks here got me full not the buffet itself.

We were sitting next to a group of middle aged guys and it was Super Bowl weekend that day. It was funny that these guys were all jacked up for the weekend, it kinda reminds me of Al Bundy and his NO MA'AM cronies enjoying a weekend out away from their wives Lol.

I recommend coming here if  you win extra cash in Bellagio's casino and if you feel that you don't want to go anywhere else. Overall average breakfast buffet during the morning but great servers.笑
People claim that this is the best buffet in Vegas.  Geez, say it aint so, because I'd feel sorry.  

The food is decent, not great, but at the same time not bad.  Had the price been cheaper, then sure for the quality of the food you're getting your money's worth.  

However, 40 smakeroos for dinner on top of an hour and a half wait for some only decent food it's not worth it.  Is the forty dollars for insurance against the possible gambling tubbies that might wipe out the food bars like Homer Simpson?笑
At nearly 40 bucks a head for dinner, you would hope that the Buffet at Bellagio delivers. Even during the slower periods of the day, there's always a line coming out of the entrance. The food here must be good right? I mean, it's a luxury hotel casino for crying out loud! Is it any good at all? 

Yes. Yes it is.

Although the wait may be a little lengthy for even the most patient of patrons, I must say that the Buffat at Bellagio did do it's fair service. First and foremost, there's plenty to choose from. Although it seems like seafood is the focus here, there are items such as freshly carved meats and sides for the taking, as well as a fairly decent array of Italian dishes. Going back to the seafood, however, it was definitely up to par for being a buffet. 

Most places, when they do seafood, it's usually budget-level offerings such as cod, and maybe salmon or catfish. Not here. The Snow crab legs were absolutely divine. There probably wasn't a plate in the entire restaurant that didn't have crab legs on it. The sushi tasted surprisingly clean and fresh, which again, I must say is a little odd for buffet-style cuisine!

Prime rib? Perfect. It was a perfect medium-rare and didn't even need au jus to enhance the flavor. Very good stuff. 

My only complaint, is that the service is a tad rough. I understand it's busy, but something more than 2 visits to my table for refills on beverages needs to be addressed. That's the only thing that's holding me back from giving the Buffet at Bellagio a full 5-star rating.笑
I don't know if it's because my expectations were too high due to all the hyping and the wait, but I wasn't all that impressed with this buffet, for the price that it costed me. They do have crab legs that were very nicely split for you, but they were cold and flavourless. I took some at my first round and never went back. The sushi was also very bad, with dried ingredients and rice. The salmon poke was pretty good though. The rest of the food was definitely above average for a buffet, but nothing spectacular. The best part, I would agree, is the desserts. The peach sorbet was the best I've ever tasted. The cheesecake was also very authentic. Overall, it was a good meal, but not sure if it was worth the buck, and it is definitely not the best buffet I've ever been to.笑
Brilliant buffet, for the price and the hype it totally lives up. Most of the people line up for lobster and craw fish, so everything else is freed up. Wasn't easy to get in on Christmas Day with 2 hour waiting period, but $20 VIP per person didn't seem to be a bad idea specially when me and my wife were here to celebrate our anniversary and on empty stomach. Got in with less than 15 min wait, thanks to this offer.
We started with some fruits, sushi, and salad. Went up to meats, turkey and steak and some fish (tasty mahi mahi) and salmon. We couldn't decide between Asian and Italian, but glad we went with pasta, gnocchi with pumpkin was super awesome. 
Dessert menu was lavish and delicious looking, couldn't help but grab cheesecake, carrot cake, lemon pie, cannoli, flan and tiramisu. To our surprise we ended up finishing all of it. Hats off to the servers who have been taking care of the plates right away and helped us get coffee and juice. That reminds me, west rock coffee brew medium coffee what a treat. I have already ordered some for home.笑
Still a good buffet but the quality and selection have definitely fallen from previous years. Bellagio Buffet used to be my favorite buffet for many years... until now. I had gone to their weekend brunch buffet multiple times from 2000-2004 and it was awesome every time. However, I went there today and for the hefty price and compared to previous times, it was a disappointment.

We got there around 11:30am and there was still a crazy line as it used to have. We waited about 40 min in line before we got seated. I believe if you are staying at Bellagio, you can walk up to the VIP line and skip much of the long wait. The place itself is big, clean, and nice consistent with the style of the Bellagio.  The weekend brunch buffet was $23.95 pp without champagne and $28.95 with champagne.  There are also different prices for the weekend gourmet dinner and weekday lunch and dinner prices.

Sample of brunch buffet options offered:
- breakfast foods (pancakes, waffles, sausage, eggs, eggs benedict, croissants, made-to-order omlettes, etc.)
- asian (singapore noodles, bok choy, congee, curry with duck, sweet and sour chicken, hot and sour soup, etc)
- sushi (a limited selection of cali rolls, veggie rolls, spicy tuna handrolls that you can ask the lady in the back to made - but wasn't so great, seaweed salad, etc)
- seafood (fresh gulf shrimp w/cocktail sauce - pretty good, grouper, halibut, salmon, etc)
- Italian (a couple different pastas)
- carving station (prime rib, lamb, turkey, chicken wellington - all not that tasty and some overcooked)
- desserts (soft serve ice cream, carrot cake, eclairs, cream puffs, etc.) - none all too exciting
- salads (variety)
- breads and soups

There was a wide selection of weekend brunch buffet food but none this time that wowed me. They used to have the most amazing and buttery seabass that melted in your mouth. But none this time - only some slightly overcooked halibut, salmon, and grouper. They used to have juicy, tender, and large pieces of prime rib - but today it was small, rather overcooked and not as flavorful. They used to offer various cheeses with bread but apparently they have cutback on that too. They used to have lots of delicious scones which they don't offer anymore.  There was nothing I ate today that wow'ed me and made me want to stuff one more last bite because it was that good. 

Bottom line: Overall still a good buffet but it seems to be a lot more ordinary now and may not be worth the $23.95 price compared to other available buffet options. I think they have definitely skimped from what it was in the past. If you have to pay ~$25 for a weekend brunch buffet, I'd rather go to the Spice Market buffet in the Planet Hollwood casino (which was great) or maybe check out the Wynn Buffer (have not tried that yet). And you may not have to wait in the ridiculous line.笑
If you enter Bellagio through the garage entrance, your senses are immediately greeted by a sweet scent. As you walk in further, both your eyes and smell experience the most beautiful and colorful mix of lilies, hyacinth, and other annuals.
A beautiful butterfly garden accompanies your garden visit.
On your walk to the buffet, you see marble floors and walls galore. Gold layering accents and pools fit for monarchs.
The wait was nonexistent and depends what time and day you go. Although you would think 5 pm Sat would be a wait. It wasn't due to what I observed
hard working individuals from the cashier to the hostess and shift manager who visibly were on task, not distracted with other things and making it their priority to maintain a rhythmic flow of happy guests. My waiter Alfonso was very busy but you can see how hard they work day in and day out to serve thousands of people from all over the world to survive. They will gladly bring you more beverages or coffee if you request.
There's an overabundance of food choices and chefs are readily available to suggest and inform what they like best for example between prime rib and beef roast. You will also find crab legs sliced lengthwise so you don't worry about cracking them. If you have kids, there's pizza, and the cheesiest Mac n cheese on cute white ceramic miniature bowls. Greek foods, salads and not to mention the desserts galore that include sugar free. Sushi, Italian,list goes on.
It is a bit pricey ($43 minus tip) however, the experience is either you're as close as you can get to food nirvana or  in Vegas baby!
So, go ahead and indulge your palate and awaken your senses at the Bellagio Buffet.笑
Said with special for Chinese New Year , charge $33.88/person for brunch. Food is terrible, below the standard a casino buffet should be. Strongly not recommend it.笑
I have this 4 stars not because I had a bad experience but mainly because the selection of food just seemed so small for the cost. The selection of food they did offer though was very exquisite and was quite tasty. I was here on the week of thanksgiving so there was a large selection of thanksgiving fare. Dessert was very good and I would definitely consider returning.笑
This was my first time at The Buffet and I was looking forward to giving it a spin after hearing so many good things. Unfortunately I got sick. I'm not sure what did it, but two others in my group also weren't feeling too hot afterwards.

I've been to around 7-8 buffets in Vegas, and in terms of selection and quality and taste The Buffet is up there but isn't the best for any. I'd probably rank it 4 stars but it loses a star for getting me and part of my crew sick.

Worth the money and the lineups? Perhaps, but you have to be in the mood.笑
I've been to the Bellagio buffet three times; each time the quality goes down a little. The first time I went was for the weekend champagne brunch, and was awed by the selection and overall quality/variety of the food. 

The second time, I felt let down because I remembered it being better.

The third time, on a recent trip, I went for a weekday lunch and they didn't have a lot of things I'd expect a casino buffet to have, like prime rib or steak riblets (steaklets?). I also thought the sushi bar was lacking, as they only had one handroll offering (spicy tuna, which was good), and the sushi buffet only had one raw-fish roll. The shrimp cocktail also had much smaller shrimp, not the large gulf shrimp i've had there in the past two times. 

We also had to wait rather long to be served drinks. 

That will probably be my last time at the Bellagio buffet; with so many new hotel-casinos now, the quality at the Bellagio is no longer the best.笑
the two times i've been here, we've always came with a bad, bad case of the munchies.

the first visit here, it was a saturday and the line was inexplicably long! that was understandable, because it was a holiday weekend and we did come at noon. the wait was about 1.5hours.
the second visit here, it was a tuesday lunch! and the line was JUST as long! 

that only goes to show you how friggin DERISH this place is.

glass of ginger ale, please!

FABORITES--

+ SHRIMP PESTO PIZZA -- did i just die and go to pizza heaven? i'd hate to fill up on pizza at a buffet, but LOHHHDD this one really hit the spot!

+ eggs benedict -- i tried to make my own and it was a terrible fail all three times! this place perfects it with this kind of creamy and slightly tangy hollandaise. again, i'd hate to fill up on just eggs benedict and pizza but OMG!

+ SHRIMP COCKTAIL -- these shrimps were on steroids or something, cus they be fat as FFFFF!

+ good ol' plain salmon or tuna sashami -- can't go wrong if they always be fresh!

+ good ol' caesar salad

and last but not least....

+ grab about 5 plates of their itty bitty pieces of cheesecake. here i go with a FRIENDS reference -- you'd want to still pick at this cheesecake even after it's fallen on the ground. "mama's little bakery from chicago, illinois?" no one gets my references :(

i'd suggest coming here after you've hit up all the day clubs and pool parties of the summer :)

GO HUNGRY, LEAVE HAPPY笑
We got there at 5:30pm and wait for an hour to get in. It is $35.99+tax /person for dinner, but not as good as expected. Generally say, the food if fresh, but not the variety. The beef rib is the best I like. It is cooked as medium rare. I told the chef I don't like the bloody one. He put it on the cooking plate and made the sliced beef as medium well. It is still  tender and juicy. I tried round beef and mahimahi fish, they are too dry. The crab is very salty, hard to swollen. The sushi variety is really limited. The cakes and appetizer are really great. Overall, I don't think it worth $36.笑
If you can't afford the pricey restaurants at Bellagio, you can transport yourself into those establishments for less here!笑
This used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas until I discovered the Cravings Buffet at the Mirage Casino. But I'll save that for a different review. 

As for The Buffet at the Bellagio, if you time it right and beat the crowd, it's wonderful. There are buckets of ice cold already cracked Alaskan King Crab legs that are excellent. Aside from sea food, they have an Asian food section, Italian food, Meat station, salad bar, sushi bar, various breads, and a dessert bar. Over all, the food is really good and the variety is pretty vast.

*I would only come here for dinner. The breakfast food was disappointing. So my rating is solely off of their dinner selection.笑
They offer large selection of all kind of food.
Food is good but it remains a buffet, it's not a 5 star restaurant.

You can choice from pizza, pasta, sushi, seafood, meat, fish, vegetables, [retty much everything...
The selection of cheese is not that great.
For desert, they offer pastries, fruits, cakes.

You end up being very full after this buffet.

Brunch is served until 3pm on weekends at 29.99 and dinner from 3pm is 34.99.笑
This was my second visit. Everything I ate was good. It appears they cut down on beef items on the carving stations since my last visit. They have a nice selection of pasta items and they were all tasty. Seemed like a large selection of sushi.  They had a cook to order taco station I would prefer a cook to order Mongolian beef station. I wasn't impressed with the Asian section as far as selections. The fried rice was good and they had steamed pork siopao buns which were very good.笑
We had the dinner buffet over labor day weekend and it was 40 dollars and we waited for over an hour. The food wasn't as good as I expected it to be seeing all the shows talking about it on tv. There was alot of selection to choose from but the king crab legs were frozen and had chunks of ice on it. The meat section was the best part because there were many different kinds of meat like venison, lamb, and quail. The desert wasn't good and the staff were not nice. I probably wouldn't go back because I would rather go to Studio B Buffet at the M resort.笑
Absolutely terrible service!  I came here with my family and we were treated terribly. I don't often complain, but this experience was humiliating.  They couldn't confirm our seating, and were dysfunctional at every level. Try another buffet.笑
Oh my crab legs!  Pretty sure there is almost everything you can think of here.  Where do I begin!  Miso soup was slightly salty...there is tons of sushi everywhere and fresh veggie rolls.  The crabs legs are already cracked for you and there is a huge pile of crab and shrimp.  

All the food is really good and there is a huge variety whether you are a steak lover or a vegetarian.  The dessert section is huge too!  The service there is great too.  Victor was our waiter and he was really attentive- always had a glass full of whatever we were drinking and plates were cleared right away.  He was also very friendly!  I'm pretty sure I ate 10+ pounds of food here and ruined whatever wedding diet I had going on, but it was totally worth it and I would definitely do it again.笑
This is my absolute fave buffet in vegas! I walk around aimlessly just piling food on my plate. I go up for seconds and even thirds and fourths of the same damn foods! it's THAT good. The Wynn buffet is definitely a LOSE buffet compared to Bellagio's, and it's a few bucks more. 

My friends and I always go to Bellagio for the buffet when we're in vegas, and that's all we eat for the day cuz we're absolutely stuffed afterwards! It's our breakfast, lunch, dinner, and midnight snack.笑
I visited The Buffet around 1pm on a Monday.  The food was so-so and not very impressive.  I found (and almost ate)  what looked like paper trash in the salad mix. The waitress explained it was the wrapper from the salad bag.

I wouldn't go back, I was with 5 girls and we all left hungry.笑
Mediocre food. Nothing special. We enjoyed Flavor's Buffet at Harrah's much more! (And it costs a little less also)笑
We hear about the buffet at Bellagio so I made decision to try it even my husband and I don't like to eat buffet. We spent almost $90 for both for brunch today Christmas Day. The food not good, the sushi area only 3 kinds, the shrimp cocktail does not fresh, dry ham, Chinese  food only 3 different kind, dessert okay but the cheese cake salty . Will never come back again, we rather go to the restaurant over at The Venetian the best service and the foods is excellent , grand Lux Cafe is the bomb. Bellagio please improve your buffet to get better and worth it for the $ people pay you. the hotel is beautiful but the buffet is really bad.笑
I heard SO many good things about this place and I went to LV in Aug for my boyfriend's birthday. We stood in line for TWO HOURS. The food was okay. It wasnt as great as everyone kept saying it was. I dont really remember what I tried, but I totally regret not going to the MGM buffet instead.笑
THE buffet to go. Go for lunch, pay $20, stay til dinner. Time it right and you shalln't regret it.
The best part of this buffet, the seafood option. Salmon, tuna, crab legs, jumbo shrimp.
Meat. Prime rib, lamb, wellington, sea bass.
Dessert. Creme brulee. Enough said.
Listen to my advice to go for lunch and stay for dinner and it'll probably be one of the best buffet you've ever had.笑
Holy Moly! Forgot to review this spot.

After a coupe of iffy experiences with the PH & Rio's buffet, we came here on our last day. Pretty expensive - - especially if you get the champagne but it was all worth the $37 each. The food here is so good. I grubbed on their spicy chow mein; then all-american breakfast items (bacon, eggs benedict, and potatoes); then fruit; and did I say bacon? 

I was just drinking up the mimosa (that we had to make ourselves) with the strawberries my girl put in my glass. Definitely one of my favorite buffets in Vegas!笑
This is the best buffet in Vegas! By far the best variety and quality. The price is definitely worth it when you consider any other eats on the strip will cost you as much, or more.笑
great food great alcohol great ambience great everything.  i had duck, ostrich and lamb here along with quail. !!!笑
+ 
$20.00 for their lunch menu. 
friendly staff, they happily accommodated our party of 6
waitress was awesome and came around often to pick up our plates and refill our drinks
Liked their pasta dishes. 

-
Food was kind of bland. 
Not very many choices. 
The desserts were a big, which is nice, but then if you're just trying to get a taste of a few you end up throwing away most of it. 
Didn't feel like there was enough variety.笑
Came here around 12:30pm Food was good but not great. 
Favorites were the pastas. The meats were ok. Flank steak had minimal flavor. Mashed potatoes with gravy were average. Ribs required effort to try to get the meat off the bone. Desserts were ok. Overall would not come here again. Aria buffet was better.笑
I've gone here only for breakfast, I don't know how their lunch and dinner is but damn their breakfast is good! 

Eggs benedict - check
Eggs Florentine - double check
Bacon cooked to perfection where its not too crispy or too chewy - dear god that's good!
fresh fruit selection? why of course, strawberries galore!
yogurt for you health nuts
oatmeal, grits, bagels, pastries! everything you could think of. 
Ok they didn't have corn beef hash but I'll let that go due to their wonderful bacon. 

The staff was friendly, the buffet was good, i ate my fill enough for lunch. Hell i was there long enough that they started serving lunch and broke out the shrimp. At that time I was completely stuffed for the bulk of the day and good to go. Breakfast isn't that pricy, so definitely go here. Eat, drink, eat some more, and take a banana to go.

when you check into your hotel they usually give you coupons or discounts on other things, and in the lobby they have free magazines or flyers or phamplets that have coupons and discounts. Don't be shy about taking them or using them. I went during the weekday, so the prices weren't terrible.笑
Review# 24/100 of yelp 100 challenge


* Price: lunch $31 from 11-3 pm. Not too bad considering amount of food available and location. 4 star.
* Atmosphere/ambiance: huge place. Not much of decor. Very old school but clean. 3 star.
* Location: easy to find... Just follow the sign in middle of the casino. 4 star.
* Meals: good quality and variety but very generic. The desert section is the best! However, maybe it is lunch menu, there is no excitement here. There is a lot of comfort food. 3 + star. 
* Service: just OK. Our server was friendly but  disappeared once we gave him tips! 3 star.

Averaged to 3 1/2 star.

I have seen the Bellagio buffet on Food network and Travel channel and always want to try it out but most of time there is a long line. This time, there was a short line for lunch. We also got pulled out of the line since they had available table for 2... We were literally in line less than 5 minutes. 
The food is quality. There are salad station, breakfast station with pastries, bagels, salmon, cheese, etc. Carving station has quality steak, sausages, roasted pigs, etc. The Italian food is gereneric with pasta, spaghetti, pizza. The Chinese food station is very small with fried rice, Singapore yellow curry vermicelli, stir fried vegetables, dumplings, etc. The sushi station is also limited with a few rolls, hand rolls, etc. The desert station is the best with so many yummy deserts!  The seafood station is also generic with stone crabs, shrimps, etc. 
I was a bit disappointed since there was no fois gras, duck, or some excitement and creative dishes. Has been to other buffets in Las Vegas, this one is just a OK! It is worth the money but not worth a wait if you have to wait more than 30 minutes!笑
This is definitely one of the better buffets in Las Vegas. The price is around 40 bucks for dinner and about 30 for lunch. One of the highlights of the buffet is the fact they have King and Snow crab legs on the buffet. The only thing I didn't like is that they're sold cold,  I'd rather have hot crab legs than cold ones. One great thing about the crab here is that its already cracked and they are served with warm drawn butter unlike other places. Other highlights were sushi bar and the beef. The dessert bar is underwhelming but the hot food selections are pretty vast.  I would like to mention that the food wasn't very gourmet and some dishes need a little more seasoning than others (palella) but I was still pretty satisfied. Staff was great and utensils and bar were very well kept.笑
Yes, I will take one bite out of four different dessert cakes and finish only one of them. Chocolate, Strawberry, and Peanut Butter you all fail and fall when Key Lime muscles you up.笑
My fiance and I came here on a Friday night over a Labor Day weekend.  Because of that, all buffet marked up their prices for Gourmet weekend.  At $45, this place was really crowded.  My fiance and I waited about 30 minutes before we were seated.

They have a huge variety of food and they were very tasty.  The prime rib, lamb, etc were very tasty with the except of kobe beef.  It was very dried to a point that I couldn't even tell it's kobe beef.  Kobe beef was supposed to be higher rated yet they made it taste like regular beef, so sad!!  

Best thing was they have King Crab and snow crab legs.  My fiance told me there was this dude initially took a plate full of snow crab legs then saw that there was King Crab legs.  He turned around and dumped back his snow crab and proceeded to get King Crab.  So, just watch up for people like this!

Their dessert station was not as impressive as Wynn since their main stuff was pretty tasty.  I'm not going to hold them against on dessert station.笑
It's comparatively much better than most other buffets I've tried in neighbor hotels. A little expensive but worth every penny if you have a good appetite:)笑
Daaaaaaamn!!! (in a good way) This is one of the best buffets I've been too. There's a wide variety of food the changes!!! yes CHANGES As you eat! The truffled oil infused pasta might change with lobster ravioli!. There's a lot of food here for any one who's a foodie.

Beef wellington, prime rib, all good!!! they have snow crab legs and king crab legs. I took one star off because they really should come out unfrozen. tsk tsk.

Dessert was delicious creme brule, cookies, pana cotta, mmmmm good. 

I suggest that if you're a college student on a budget go here about 60 to 80 minutes before dinner service and after the wait in line you should be able to get in to dinner  for lunch prices.笑
This buffet seems to have gone down in the taste and quality.  There is a huge variety of choice like most buffets in Vegas. The Kobe beef was not tender. I have tried Kobe beef while in Kobe Japan. The lamb was tender and the king crab was really good. However there is usually a very long line. Go early or be prepared to stand in line for at least an hour.笑
Hella. Fuckin. Good.

What more can I say? 

Food was god damn good. Maybe it was the little trek we took from Tropicana to the Bellagio in the desert heat, or maybe it was the lack of breakfast and the night of drinking before. The buffet here was awesome. Pretzels, gulf shrimp, a good variety of foods, and nothing seemed dry, cheap, or over cooked. 

I dont know what else to say but trust that this has the average of 4 stars almost/over 300 reviews.笑
This was our first time doing a Buffett and I think it was a great experience. But as you know Vegas is a little bit expensive it was about $33 a person. 

Once you get in they seat you and give you a server, then it's your turn to go hard at the Buffett. I of course stated with the hit off the grill pancakes which were great! Then moved over to to omelette station with was great! Just to keep things different I added some great pepperoni pizza and their carved meat station was great.  Tons of fruit that is all sweet and good and the crab legs you've been dreaming about!

It had just about everything you would expect from a Vegas Buffett. And don't forget about the sweets. It's all about pacing yourself, if you don't your just wasting your money!! Thank me later!笑
Spending more then 2 days in Vegas sure does fck up your schedule.

Breakfasts are actually lunches.  Naps during the hottest part of the day (2PM-5?) are usually the norm.  Recovering from the power nap, you find yourself having dinner rather late.

Friends and I found ourselves wrestling between Bellagio buffet or Mirage buffet for dinner.  By the time we had made our minds and sauntered across the street from our hotel, watched a round of dancing water to Frank Sinatra, we arrived at the buffet at the tail end of dinner service.

Something tells me the food would have been better if we were maybe an hour or two earlier.

Not that it was bad, it's just some of it tasted like it had been out there for awhile.  It was nothing to write home about.  Nothing near the 5 stars.  The staff looked a bit drained.  We wanted to order coffee at the end of dinner but decided against it as I was frightened the reaction we'd get from the staff who had already begun to fold napkins for tomorrow's breakfast service.

I only ate the sushi because I have balls.  And a stomach of steel.  Eat at your own risk.笑
Great price, even better food!  

Time of visit: 2pm
Price: $24 (lunch)
Food: Everything was fresh and tasty - most notable was the brisket and flank steak.  As for dessert, superior bread pudding!笑
YUM! What a wonderful Sunday morning treat. We got brunch + the unlimited champagne (mimosas, please!) for the extra $5 or $6 and had a wonderful time hanging out. They have the typical brunch items plus foods from around the world. 

The best part? The desert. My 2 friends and I took probably 14 of the little treats and shared them on the table. Our server was such a doll and loved that we were having fun!

After we sat here for probably 2 hours, she told us that she would give us mimosas in a wine glass (since it's bigger than the champagne flutes) and we could take our mimosas to go. She was so sweet - thanks Karen!笑
I went for the brunch on long weekend.  Good food.  Plenty of choice.  Decent service.  I thought $35 was bit on the higher side.  I would have given 5 stars if it was $30!

Overall, I would go there again.笑
I'm veering towards more of a 3.5 stars.  It's mass produced food, and that's just tricky.  I think it's worth the money though.  We were there on a Sat.  There was kobe top sirloin, lamb chops, king crab claws...the entrees were all solid.  Be sure to diet all day so you can make the money worth it.  As I've heard from other sites, the desserts are weak, but still solid.  I'm glad I made it out here, but will not be returning.  There's just so many other buffets out there to try:)笑
Aww man. Disappointed.

Was it because we went for lunch? Because it was a weekday (Friday)? Was it just a bad day? Were my expectations too high because it's the Bellagio? 

Pretty much the only things I remember really liking from this (lunch) buffet were the Caramelized Chilean Sea Bass, the pastas (Mushroom Ravioli with truffle essence and Three cheese tortellini with Walnut pesto) and the cookies. Even the meat carving station was forgettable. The sushi bar person had made all of these spicy tuna hand rolls and then left them sitting there, but behind the display glass, so you couldn't even get one if you wanted one. I waited for someone to return for like 5 minutes. Eh.

There weren't even crab legs (supposedly not until 4 PM), so I couldn't really get my Asian guy's money's worth.笑
I've been here twice. Today and four years ago. The beef tenderloins and turkey sausage are heavenly. I wish I wasn't full right now笑
I was actually a little underwhelmed by this buffet.  Maybe it was just hyped up too much by my friend, maybe I was expecting more than just your typical breakfast items for the price paid.

Aside from the endless Mimosas, the Eggs Benedict and smoked salmon were probably the best things available.  The sushi bar was severely lacking in choices with only California Rolls and Veggie Rolls.  Then again....this place is in the middle of the desert...should I really be that surprised?

Brunch will run you a little over $30 per person which, honestly, you're mostly paying for is the name "Bellagio".笑
Solid Buffet.  Small selection of sushi but the quality of the fish was great.  Wish they had oysters and lobster ... Big dessert selection.   Some advice... go early to avoid long lines笑
There are many Sunday brunch buffets to choose from while in Vegas and trust me I have been to quite a few. The buffet at the Bellagio is my absolute fav and gets a big gold star! It's difficult to prepare food in mass quantity that still tastes like it was made with love. 

On my first round I had a made to order veggie omelet, potatoes, Belgian waffles and the second round I had sushi, pesto mashed potatoes,  a few different salads , asparagus and bread! The tea was even great! Make sure you have one of the fresh baked muffins, they are nice and fluffy. 

On top of the good food, the atmosphere and staff are great!  The price is comparable to most Vegas buffet's. The only downside is the looong  line to get in, so go early.笑
This used to be our favorite buffet in vegas. We were there last Monday and it was horrible!!! Hubby had to spit out the paella, ordered a spicy tuna roll and it didn't even had rice on it. They seem to have changed the quality in their food tremendously. The staff on the buffet is not friendly at all,seems like they don't want to be there. Try the buffet at Caesars palace instead, it's 1000 times better.笑
Great variety of rich, well-prepared foods.笑
I've had The Buffet at the Bellagio for weekend brunch (excellent) and weekday breakfast (okay) before. Finally, I tried it for the weekday dinner ($29.95 plus tax & tip). Overall, it was a highly enjoyable experience. There is a lot of variety (meat, fish, pizzas, pasta, fresh fruit, desserts), but not everything is equally good.

Some Highlights:
-The prime rib: flavorful and juicy
-The sirloin: kinda bland, a little dry
-The roasted turkey: unusually moist
-The pesto mashed potatoes: yummy
-The various roasted veggies: passable
-The mini-desserts: varied, I recommend the lemon meringues, the financiers, and the cappuccino mousse. The tiramisu was not good. The creme brulee was okay.

My husband liked:
-The bluenose: tender and well-complemented by the sauce
-The smoked trout: tasty
-The spicy hunan chicken: excellent
-Homemade chorizo: Spicy, strong, and tender, though a little dry.
-Among the side dishes, the paella and succotash had particularly rich flavor.

The Service: No problems here. Our ice teas were frequently refilled and our empty plates taken away.笑
I dont care for buffets much anyway most are very bland. This one is the same old thing, bland food, barely warm with eggs so runny it should be called the soup of the day!笑
I have always dined at this buffet for many occasions every time I come to Vegas.  I like the many ethnic variety offerings of food at the Buffet:   Chilean seabass, the occasion game meat like bison, and poke salmon and tuna. Price per person has steadily increased but so does most of everything here in Vegas.  The nicest thing is you can enjoy their botanical garden at the Bellagio Resort before or after eating at the Buffet.  Don't forget to save room for desserts here; they have one of the better offerings:   fruit tart, chocolate mousse cake, and seasonal display of pastries.笑
Location: Bellagio is on the Las Vegas strip across from Caesar's Palace and Bally's and tram stops away from Aria and Monte Carlo

Parking: easy multi-level parking structure or complimentary valet parking

Description: This had been the buffet that other buffets have had to measure themselves against.  Even though it is out-shined by Bacchanal currently, it still remains one of the best buffets in Las Vegas.  Seafood is important at buffets.  It boasts a selection of Alaskan King Crab, Snow Crabs and peeled medium-large shrimp along with cooked fish like halibut, salmon, sea bass etc.  It has some cooked mussels, but no oysters or scallops.  It has an excellent carving station too.  See the highlights below:

Highlights:
--Alaskan King Crab Legs (dinner)--cut in half, perhaps a little salty but still good
--Snow Crab Legs--cut in half, nice and sweet
--Peeled Shrimp--nicely cooked, good texture
--Caviar (three types served on little waffles)--not available at other buffets 
--Beef Wellington (dinner)--not at any other buffet in LV (had beef wellington at the Al Qasr buffet in Dubai), used to have Chicken Wellington for lunch but not anymore :(
--Kobe beef (dinner)--not seasoned well
--Rack of lamb (dinner)--seasoned well, I could eat them all day but I had to save some calories
--Venison (dinner)--flavorful 
--Goose (dinner)--a bit overcooked
--Quail (dinner)--perfect
--Prime Rib--good but I didn't want to waste anymore calories finishing it
--Turkey--never a fan of turkey
--Ham (breakfast)--regular
--Asian dishes: bbq pork buns, shumai, mee fen, fried rice, some stir fried dishes 
--multiple types of sausage and cooked meats
--multiple types of pizza--hawaiian, vegetable, pepperoni, sausage, bbq chicken, shrimp and pesto, etc
--multiple types of pasta--ravioli, gnocchi, penne, tortellini, etc and rice dishes like risotto and paella for example
--breakfast items: scrambled eggs, omelettes cooked to order, eggs benedict, pancakes to order, belgian waffles (red velvet and regular), apple crepes, potatoes, muffins, different breads, etc
--multiple side dishes--vegetables and different potatoes (mashed, sweet potato, pesto potatoes, etc)
--small assortment of sushi--only a few types, some hand sushi available
--salads made to order or already mixed
--breads and soups
--dessert: macaroons (excellent like from a specialty store only selling macaroons)--they go fast and are not replenished once they are gone, cheesecake, carrot cake, mousse cakes, fruit tarts, lime tarts, sugar free pies, gluten free cakes, bread pudding, soft-serve yogurt
--regular drinks included but also gives you the option of all you can drink wine, sparkline wine and beer at a premium

Service: excellent, fast, friendly, waiters refill drinks and remove dirty plates frequently

Quality: high quality, but some dishes have been removed over time like chicken wellington at lunch, creme brulee, large fruit tarts etc, need multi-flavored gelato to keep up with Cosmopolitan Wicked Spoon and Caesar's Palace Bacchanal

Environment: expect to wait 30-45 minutes depending on the day and/or holiday season, noisy, family friendly, can accommodate large parties

Value: excellent (used to be outstanding but over time it has declined a bit and the prices have gone up--there used to be two areas for the cold seafood (combined crab legs with shrimp) precluding super long lines, now only one area for shrimp and one area for crab legs, thereby creating a long line in the seafood section, chicken wellington has been removed from brunch/lunch, creme brulee is no longer present

Diagnosis: definite routine visit笑
Worst buffet experience.  Good ingredient, bad cooking.  They tried to mixed different cuisine together, it ends up with very confusing taste.  We paid almost $50 per person, include 7 and 10 years-olds (no kids price).  I don't mind the price, but, I don't think I got what I paid for. Try others, you will be much happier!笑
Yummy!  Wish they had crablegs at lunch and a better dessert selection but a great value and better tasting food than Wicked Spoon.笑
Wow, just unbelievably mediocre buffet. I used to love this buffet and now it's completely down the hill. Everything tastes like it came from $8 all you can eat in a strip mall buffet.笑
This is the best buffet in Vegas.  If you don't leave dumb, fat and happy, there is something wrong with you.笑
This place is overrated and is popular because of the name. The food was not as great as I expected. The service was good but we just didn't feel the greatness that was portrayed by others to us. Was a little pricey as well please price is not an issue with me but at least live up to the nam笑
Overpriced for mediocre typical buffet food.  This place probably used to be the buffet to be at but Vegas has evolved and this buffet is not up to speed.  Service was lacking, which is tough at a buffet seeing as how the only thing we needed was to place a drink order and have our drinks refilled.

The Aria Buffet and Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan were MUCH better quality, better selection and comparable prices.笑
4 stars, the buffet was pretty good, but my loyalty is towards another buffet place in Vegas.  I like their selection of meats, since I'm always willing to venture and try different type of meats.  They had some elk which was very good.  Their dessert selection is really good too.笑
This place is overrated!

My friend and I went here for Sunday Brunch. For $25 a pop, I expected to be wowed with variety and flavor but I was greatly disappointed. =(

When we first walked in, I was welcomed by the awesome food aroma and massive buffet area.  I immediately checked-in and posted a quick tip about the sight of hella food. Not! I am writing this review to take that back.  We though there was hella food but 10 minutes into the buffet, we found out that the left and right side of the buffet were serving the same kind of dishes. Really really disappointed!  

There weren't enough hot dishes to choose from and the omelette station was so swamped it wasn't worth waiting in line. One thing though, there were hella desserts and baked breads but they weren't tempting to eat at all.

Our server was super nice! Half-star goes to her even though she forgot my water.  Prolly ain't coming back though, the quality and quantity of food served ain't $25 worthy.笑
One of my favorite Las Vegas Buffets!  It's pricey though (like $35 at dinner), but keep eating the expensive stuff and stay away from the carbs and you should get your money's worth.

I always head for the prime rib and king crab legs first!  I eat the shrimp cocktail, then dilly dally my way towards the sushi selection.  I never eat pastas or rice at buffets.. pay all that money for pasta!?  No way jose!

For dessert I always grab one of every single kind and take a bite from each one.  Share it with friends so you don't waste too much food.  Eating buffets this way makes it a very enjoyable and worthwhile experience.  Cheers!笑
Alaskan king crab legs are salty and tasteless, and we had to let them thaw for at least half an hour. Kobe beef is very tough, not even close. Service is slow.

The only good dish I can remember is the raw salmon salad with sweetened soy sauce, yum. The dessert section is nice.笑
Food was okay.  The alcohol was very limit even though it's unlimited.  Some food were good versus some was not good.  Overall this is like any other buffet.笑
Regular price is $35.00 
New Years Price $90.00 with champagne and lobster.

We don't drink champagne, didn't eat lobster because the line waiting to get lobster was just ridiculously long. New Years evening here was just craziness, it was so crowded and so noisy. Kids crying, people screaming etc WTF people have some respect for your neighbors. 

Food wasn't as good as I heard. Poor quality.笑
Stay away. Very small selection and whatever was, tasted horrible. 
I should have paid attention to the reviews. 
A waste of 25.99$笑
Since I've got some time to kill between a buffet lunch and a much needed nap (before venturing to Fremont Street for 4th of July festivities), I figured I'd Yelp about the Bellagio Buffet.  

First, I'll let you know up front I'm not the best person to review a buffet.  The problem is, I get full pretty quick. My buffet dining habits are a far cry from those who can eat plate after plate full of crab legs/parts and chase it with a plate (not bowl) of soft serve ice cream and a pile of cookies or gummy bears. 

Just the same, I'm probably a more astute observer than most people, so here's my spin on the Bellagio Buffet in bullet points (without the bullets because the Yelp app doesn't have bullets). 

The buffet is popular and busy. There is generally a line of hungry and anxious tourists. 

If you have an M Life players card to flash, you skip the big line and get seated pretty fast (via a separate VIP line).  In our case, we passed up about 20 people.  

The staff all seemed capable and relatively friendly (given the challenging circumstances of dealing with a bunch of people, some of whom might not be as civilized as others).  The waiter we had was very courteous. If they take care of you, don't forget to lay a tip on them.  

The buffet has the standard food fare, including prime rib, crab/fish, popular Asian entrees and enough deserts to fortify a Kardashian behind.  

Overall, the food ranged from good to very good, and when you consider what a meal costs on the Strip and the selections at a buffet, the price is quite reasonable. 

I know Bellagio can't help it, but logistically the buffet layout ( coupled with a sea of people), can present some tight quarters.  Add in some mindless people juggling plates and you feel like you're someone's human bowling pin.  At Aria buffet, there's a much more open floor plan (and what feels like more space between seats) which I think anyone would prefer. 

Another Yelper mentioned Bellagio Buffet "gets the job done," which echoes my sentiment. If you're staying at or near Bellagio, the buffet is certainly convenient and worth checking out at least once during your stay in Vegas.笑
Came here on a Friday for the Gourmet buffet hoping for some better quality food.  The wait was not very long, probably around 5min since we got there around 5pm. There wasn't much sashimi at the sushi bar (have to ask them for salmon sashimi), but the bf enjoyed the spicy tuna and poke. The sea bass I had was average, definitely not as good as when we make it at home, and the piece of bluenose I had was completely dry. The veal was not bad, fell off the bone easily enough.  The one thing that really killed this whole meal for me was the kobe beef. I saw my bf get a piece and thought I would give it a try, but the piece I got was sooo rare in the center that it was still bleeding.  My bf assured me it was still edible and so I did give it several bites, but the taste pretty much killed my appetite for any other kinds of meat for the night.  So I ate two more plates of dessert since I figure they should be harmless.  The creme brulee and chocolate covered strawberries were my favorites. To top it all off, within 5min of leaving the buffet I had to immediately look for a bathroom.  It may just be me and that my stomache cannot handle rare meat but there's no way I can give it a decent mark since I basically flushed $38 down the toilet so soon after eating here.笑
Came here for brunch and safely going to say that this place is still one of my favorite buffet on the Strip. They definitely make you feel at home here and the food is delectable and yummy. For 5.00 you can add unlimited mimosas, which I probably should have added but I was just too excited for the food. The brunch has many options of both breakfast and lunch. Some of the highlights include - smoked salmon and cheese bar, sushi bar (which didn't have a huge selection but did have hand rolls freshly made), lavish desert bar, and some fingerlicking prime rib. 

Definitely appreciated the level of service here and I felt like the Buffet was worth my wait!笑
One of the best buffet places in Vegas.

$30 for dinner and $20 for lunch. Not much difference except maybe the lobster? So if you want to save a buck or ten go during lunch.

Best picks: Seafood (assortment of crab legs, miso chilean seabass), prime ribs, kobe beef, sushi and of course....Deseerts!

20-30 minute wait for dinner if you go early, or get the line pass and get ready to stuff face.

Wear stretchy pants!!!笑
The price was over done. But the food was great, large variety and food seemed fresh. It was a good one time thing and I'm glad we tried it. My second time bfs first.笑
So many choices to choose from. High quality fish. I had so much sushi. I was heaven. 

One gripe is I got kobe beef and it was perfect. Tender and pink.  My husband's kobe beef looked terrible.  It was iver cooked.  He didnt finish it. It looked as if I had cooked it (not a good thing)

With the prices if restaurants on the strip I woukd eat at this buffet any day. Everyone got enough to eat with dessert for under 100. 
If you are debating buffets I would say it is easily a toss between Bellagio or Wynn. The food is equal but Wynns décor may be a bit less "stuffy"笑
The seafood selection alone makes the $30 price worth it. I went back for multiple bowls of tuna and salmon poke and plates of sushi. Don't be fooled, it is still a Vegas buffet. It's still not the best food you'll ever have... unless it is.. then.. yikes, sorry. They have this Kobe beef... I should say "kobe" beef. It was good, it just was so not kobe beef. The desserts were adorable, they even had french macaroons. I just wish they had more toppings for their ice cream. Typical vegas buffet, maybe a step up from the rest. I'd go again. But not for a while, I'm still full from this place.笑
I would expect more in a popular buffet restaurant in a popular five-star hotel in this popular city. The cashier was very tough when we asked questions about the price. The waitress was OK, but slow in cleaning the table even though the place was not busy at all. And the food - nothing really worth mentioning. Just like a place to fill up your stomach but nothing more than that. I have to reveal the fact that they on purpose, in my opinion, put EXTREME salt into the crab legs making guests take less. On the day we were there, the first plate of crab legs were like normal and quickly taken away by the line of guests. Then there came the really salty ones dispelled the whole line as well as our appetite. Shame on such buffet restaurant! The breakfast, however, is on average so deserves another star.笑
This is so disappointing! At $50 a person for holiday,  the quality and tastes should be better, way better!  The prices has gone up and quality has gone down.

After an hour wait in line, we were so ready to eat. The food looks good and appetizing but when I put it in my mouth, it was just so disappointing. Too hard? too tough? tasted bland?.. yes, all the above!

duck, prime rib, duck legs, lamb, king crab leg, cocktail shrimps, sushi, and everything else a high end buffet has. Desserts were average, my favorite was the cheesecake.
I don't see an huge difference in the items between a regular dinner menu and a holiday "gourmet" dinner which is about ten dollars more then the usual.笑
Note: I was here for brunch.  My complaint would be the limited and somewhat standard options, partially limited with an attempt to be true to the Italian theme of the casino.  There are a few nice touches, but not to the level one expects of Bellagio.  One does expect high quality from Bellagio, and the food, for a buffet, is that.  At times, you can almost forget it's buffet food.  The real standouts are the desserts.  I normally don't eat buffet desserts.  They aren't worth the calories, often bad in taste and texture.  However, at the Bellagio, it's worth saving room.  The chocolate dome was very good.  The key lime pie was good.  My complaint would be that they don't have gelato (many other buffets now). 

Overall, it's one of the better buffets.  It kills Mirage which is mediocre, IMHO.  However, it's still buffet food.  And it's pricy.  If you're filling up on an omelet,  at over $30, that's a pricy egg omelet.

It's a tough score.  The food is 4 stars (for buffets), but the price and options is 3 stars.  Service was good (which, for me, is normal).  I'll lean towards a score of 4 bearing in mind the comparison is to other buffets in town -- not other restaurants.笑
The best buffet in Vegas!

This one is $21.99/person.  I was surprised at how many their selection was.  From salad, meat, fish, sushi and dessert.  There's so many to choose from.  And the thing is, everything was delicious.  

Our servers were great!  Very patient and attentive to us.  

I can't say anymore.  This place is awesome, hands down!笑
If you're in Vegas and you want buffet, then you go to the Bellagio for it. Period.笑
This was the best buffet I have ever been to and will probably every go to.  I went a year ago November in 2010.  I was so amazed.  Yes it is a long line but I have learned that most of the best places your going to have to wait to get into or wait for the food to be cooked for you.

I had so many things, and there are so many more I would love to try.  I so enjoyed the beef Wellington.  I had two servings because it was soooooo good.  Had to roll myself back to the Monte Carlo afterward.笑
Only the philistines wastes valuable stomach capacity on carbs, unless it's dessert at the end.  

The Bellagio Buffet is one of the best buffets in Vegas.  My new work team went here on the first night of the sales conference.  We walked from Venetian to Bellagio, which in theory should only take 7-10 minutes but as everyone knows takes 30.  I definitely think that Monday-Wednesday the variety isn't at 100%, more like 80-85.  The quality is definitely there, but it just seems like some things are missing.

I came here two years ago for breakfast and it was amazing.  This time, every member had a different buffet strategy.  Mine was to go for seafood first, then all other proteins, then a few veggies, then dessert.  Only the philistines eat carbs.  Pasta, breads, tortillas, rice ... you can get that anywhere and everywhere.  We feasted on shrimp, mahi mahi, swordfish, crab, and ceviche.  The buffalo sirloin was a bit dry, sadly.

The desserts were fantastic.  Between the 6 of us, we grabbed every dessert they had.  The creme brulee (my fav) was very good and the flan was excellent as well.  Honestly, it's just about the best $30 you can spend on food in Vegas.笑
We came here for the Champagne Brunch early on a Saturday morning.  Early being around 8:30 AM.  In Vegas time I think this might count as early anyway.  When we arrived, there was absolutely no line and plenty of places to sit.  

I was quite impressed with everything I ate and was sufficiently stuffed for the whole day.  There was plenty to choose from: prime rib, omelets, crab legs, shrimp, baked goods and much, much more.  

The mimosas kept flowing.  No matter how low that glass got, our server was right there to fill it up.  And when we just couldn't finish another glass, she told us we could take it to go.  Awesome... only in Las Vegas do I find it okay to have a buzz at 10 in the morning. 

Compared to our meal at the Bachannal at Ceaser's, this came out on top for quality and price.  All in all a good meal and another nod to the Travel Channel for leading me here.笑
Probably 3.5 stars, but I decided to round up because the nice desserts made me happy. It is the epitome of Las Vegas buffets in that it offers pretty much offers any type of quality cuisine your appetite can possibly desire. A well-priced buffet given how good the food is...for a buffet. Some items are better than others -- I personally enjoyed the prime rib and sea bass (no surprise there). Save room for dessert -- they really have a fine selection of pastries and cakes.笑
Came for the brunch buffet and waited in line for about half an hour. I hadn't been to Vegas in 5+ years, but I remembered grand buffets with delicious and interesting foods. I've changed in 5 years, but the brunch buffet was not spectacular at all. The restaurant seemed a little worn down, and everything on the line was mediocre- mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, omelets, pancakes... even the carving station meats weren't very good- under salted, under flavored. There were some good items- the salmon (covered in BBQ sauce- strange), the two types of seaweed salad, and the smoked salmon. The dessert station was another disappointment- absolutely nothing tempting. The whole thing reminded me of a cruise ship buffet.笑
Everytime I'm in Vegas, I make sure to hit up the Buffet at Bellagio. Quite a wide selection of good food. Highly recommended for anyone who makes a trip to Las Vegas!笑
At $40 per person, I was hoping for more from Bellagio's buffet.

After waiting nearly an hour to be seated, we were finally brought to a small table right near the sushi buffet.  The selection of food is enormous, and you'd be hard-pressed not to find something to enjoy.  Highlights for me were just watching people load up on the crab legs and shrimp cocktail (the "smart" buffet diners).  I'm talking PILES of the stuff.

It was impossible to try everything, but I was able to get a good sampling of the various cuisines.  Nothing really stood out.  The sushi was nothing to write home about, but I guess that's no surprise seeing as it's a buffet.  There were some decent pasta dishes (my weakness), and a nice selection of meats, including lamb and prime rib.  You can basically find everything here, which translates to everything just being average.

Our server was quite friendly though, and he kept the drinks filled and the table cleared.

Though buffets can be fun eating, I just can't justify the $40 price tag here.笑
We went on a Tuesday Evening at approximately 7pm and there was absolutely no wait. Mind you, the place was still bustling with hungry patrons and we were eager to flag down our waiter so we could get started ASAP. 

There's a great selection including the usual Vegas fare: prime rib (best meat available, not saying much here), Alaskan king crab legs (waaaay too salty), leg of lamb (no flavor at all), pasta, potatoes, all sorts of fish... and a really delicious build-your-own station that offered pesto or curry seafood in a flaky pastry crust. But the desserts - OH the desserts!

We definitely agreed that the Bellagio had the absolute best selection fo desserts. I'm a cookie man myself, and my girlfriend loves her creme brulee. Well we were ecstatic when we found out they had both. Of course there were other desserts like cheesecake and pies, but  we went wild on the creme brulee and cookies. This really salvaged the night for us and ended our meal on the right note.笑
I had heard really good things about this place but I have to say I was a little disappointed. Yes the food quality was perfect but I was expecting more of a selection.笑
This really isn't the high end buffet it purports to be. Pretty much standard non descript buffet offerings with the exception of the crab legs, which seem to be a big deal with many eating there. ...anyhow....the crabs were fine...if that's what you like then perhaps this place would work for you....onto other seafood....the premade sushi was "meh"...the shrimp were small and water logged...like, really, just not good....the pastas I didn't even bother trying, they looked unenspired...the pizza...well...it's buffet pizza, I guess, how good could it actually be, right?..... Was sad that there were no Asian dumplings other than some Chinese pork buns. The lamb chops were nice. Not overcooked. And the roast beef was tasty enough. The desserts, again...not much to trumpet except for the mango coconut pane cotta which was so yummy I went back for seconds. Friendly and attentive waitstaff. ......

we got our buffets comped so price to value ratio didn't bother me so much. But if we had to shell out 40 bucks for this dinner buffet I would have been disappointed.  Our Indian casino back east does a comparable job at a fraction of cost...I have not  tried other more-expensive buffets in vegas...generally avoid buffets...but I would suggest if a higher end buffet experience in vegas is what you want....I would research a little before heading here.笑
This is one of my all time favorite buffets due to the fact that every time we go to the Bellagio they always have something new.  Some of the past favorites that include Beef Tartare which was extremely flavorful, Chicken Wellington cooked to perfection, and Bellagio makes the best Miso soup that I have ever had in my life.  It is so light airy but packs a mean flavor profile its salty, sweet and earthy all at the same time.  Desserts, Bellagio always has a nice variety of desserts to me.  My hubby tried the flan and loved the undertones pineapple throughout it, not overly sweet and baked to perfection.  I had a chocolate dome white a dark chocolate drop on the top and a white chocolate candy.  The chocolate dome is for chocolate lovers only, it is dark chocolate and extremely rich.  As you eat it you can taste different chocolates, dark, semi-sweet, possibly milk chocolate, it works though.  Their cheesecake is always so good, creamy, sweet and this time it had a raspberry reduction in it (made with real fruit).  So if you want to try something new, try the Buffet at Bellagio and you will be pleasantly surprised because you never know what they'll be serving笑
This is the best buffet in Vegas.  Relatively long lines and maybe more pricey than most/all, but in the end, it's worth it during your stay in Vegas.  Both the lunch and dinner buffet are very good.  Stick with what would be the higher priced meats and fish and you can't go wrong.  Just pace yourself.  The only downside, and this applies to most places in Vegas, is that the desserts are tasteless.  Hotels in Vegas use their magic to trick you into thinking their desserts are first class.  Don't be fooled.  In the end, who cares, eat their higher-end meat cuts and enjoy.笑
This is my 2nd or 3rd time having buffet at Bellagio.

Never disappoints me. How buffet suppose to be. A lot of choices. From green to meet to dessert to Sushi etc. Whatever you want it's basically there.

I just wish they would provide Filipino and Indonesian food as well. Because that's super delicious and so far I haven't seen any buffet place which has it.

The service is professional and very nice. Like all the other places, buffet in Vegas is very expensive and overpriced.

If you come here for lunch Buffet it's $23,99. For dinner I think it was around $30 and if you want the Champagne Buffet with unlimited Champagnes then it's around $45.笑
I dont know what happened here.  The quality and choice of food seems to have gone down in years.  The wait & price for this is NOT worth it anymore.  Rio and Paris are WAY better.笑
This buffet is right on par with the buffet at Wynn. The upside was I didn't wait nearly as long to get inside at the Bellagio and start grubbing out. I tried mainly the more expensive stuff that I don't eat on a regular basis. The kobe beef was really good. The desert bar had some of my favorites. The sushi was definately worth a try although it wasn't at the level of a high class sushi place in LA for example. I give it 4 stars. I don't think you can beat what you get for $35.笑
If I could give no stars I would!!! Let me be the one to warn you all, I do not recommend this place my brother and sister got food poisoning from the crab legs at this place, me and my mom only ate the pasta salad and pizzas since we're not big fans of sea food and honestly it wasn't even all that for 40 bucks a person to get sick!!!! We had plans the next day for a couple of events we paid for and couldn't even attend since we had to leave early and go to the doctors since they were throwing up and had diarrhea non stop, just over all a horrible experience from the belagio  Wish we would of just went to the rio carnival buffet like we had plan, now we know... I just wanna warn people cause I wouldn't want anyone going through this on vacation as well笑
We chose to go to The Buffet at Bellagio because we STAYED at Bellagio. The selection of food is not wide. They said they have SEAFOOD but I couldn't seem to find my favorite SASHIMI anywhere! (Maybe b/c I was there for lunch?) But their spicy tuna handroll was quiet good. Steak, sirloin, lamb, Irish smoked salmon, and bow-tie pasta w/ tomatos were all I can recall. FYI, I just want to point out that eating buffet is not really good for you - do the research on google, bro!笑
Not worth the price. The vegetables were not washed and you can see some dirt on it. The crabs leg are overly salty. The value of this place is not that great. It's on the strip so I guess that's a plus. The food is not great, which I'm quite surprised by how much they charge $41 per person? I recommend going to Studio B at the M hotel.笑
I came in expecting the best........ totally sobered up and ready to eat but sadly, I was disappointed.

Crab legs were a touch on the salty side... and i they wont steam it for you either (big ups to the aria).  No butter either.  Sushi selection was weak..... Desserts looked good but failed with the exception of the bread pudding, bananas foster, and nutella cone.  Flan was terrible! Not airy at all, I felt like I was eating an egg.

The prime rib was excellent.  I could tell that it was prime as you could literally see the marbling of mouth watering medium rare.  Lamb was well cooked, but lacked flavor.  Top sirloin kobe beef was well-done and really wasn't what I expected for kobe beef.  

Meh.  Wishing I went to the Wynn.

Also, service is cold and mediocre.笑
All you can eat Snow Crab legs.

'Nuff said.笑
I had a wonderful experience here in the early 2000s and was hoping to repeat it. I should've just let it be a good memory.....In short, food is decent, service is sub-par.  

We arrive around 1:30 PM on a Tuesday, not a busy time at all. There were 7 in our party, not a small party, but by no mean a large one either. we waited 15 minutes while they prepared our table in a half full dining room. When the table was finally ready, instead of being led to our table, we felt like a herd of cows being rushed to the slaughter house. When we reached our table, a waitress was upset that my mom's wheelchair was on the new carpet and instructed us quite loudly and rudely to leave the wheelchair at the corner. 

When getting food at the carving station, instead of putting the food at the empty spot on my plate, the chef just pile it on other food items...sigh....This is something I expect in a Chinese buffet, not at the Buffet at Bellagio.

During the meal, the waitress instructed us (loudly) to pass empty plates to the end of the table so that she can collect them......Oh! the food!, well it is decent and edible, but nothing to write home about. The only bright spot of the meal was one of the waitresses, who was very friendly and was joking with us the entire time. 

Overall, I find the employees here lacking basic manners and training, definitely not the level of service I expect at Bellagio.笑
Too bad it was just a one-off wonder.

We went for a 2nd time and it wasn't as impressive as the 1st time, considering the price tag it is on-par with Caesars, Wynn - very good but you get what you paid for.

The major disappointment this time:
. No caviar and a few other dishes such as deer, they say it is for weekends, but we still paid $50 for Xmas season, I looked back at my own photos posted and also bread bowl and cod are gone (that is just from ONE photo), big clams aren't so big this time and became flavorless.
. Kids paid full price, now that is ridiculous. Service people, tell management they are cutting your tips, not me. You need to make a good living but your buffet is gouging customers. And needless to say we won't come back next time.
. No valet. Bellagio start charging $10 for 1 hour parking this year, oh I am supposed to wait for one and a half hours AND pay parking for your buffet? Do you think you are the only great buffet on the strip? Um check it out...

A few bright spots after some of the major favorites are gone: smoke salmon, salmon stir fried, brisket (as good as Caesars). Also something didn't notice: deserts and especially fruits suck big time, I almost can't find their fruit station - it is that small.笑
I can understand the rave reviews, but I didn't find the *taste* of the food very good. The selection was amazing however. The quality is also really good. But everything was just a little to bland for my liking. Nothing there stuck out. Might have been arriving there at 9pm, but that shouldn't matter. I do like how there's beef wellingtons and racks of lamb cut to order at a buffet. Not worth the $40 entry fee for me. I rather eat a really good dish for $40 than eat a bunch of "fancy" bland food. But that's just me.笑
So many varieties of food to choose from!! All beautifully presented. The food didn't taste all that great but what can you expect from a buffet?

I did like the lobster ravioli. There were big chucks of lobster meat with a delish creme sauce to top it off. Don't eat too many because they can be pretty filling. The pesto pizza was also very good. I'm craving for some right now! All the other dishes were just so-so. Not as great as I expected it to be. 

Their dessert area has got to be the prettiest. All beautifully made with assorted chocolate cake, cheesecake, creme brulee, chocolate dipped strawberries (my fav.), assorted creme puffs, and more. They looked very good and appealing but didn't taste the same way. Chocolate cake didn't taste like chocolate cake. The creme brulee didn't have enough flavor. The desserts were just great to look at. 

Overall, I think i'm done with buffets here. They do have a lot of food but its just not that good for me to come back.笑
Mistakes have been made! Roads have been traveled! Choices regretted!   That is all I can say笑
REALLY??! 4 STARS?!

I was so excited to try out the buffet at the Bellagio.  Reading all reviews for all the buffets in Vegas this seemed like it was one of the best ones.  My family went to Vegas for Christmas to watch Cirque du Solei and we wanted to get dinner before the show.  And the buffet was conveniently located next to the "O" theater.

It took us about an hour to get in and we stood in line at 3:30pm.  So I can't even imagine how long it would take to get in during normal dinner hours.  Since it was the holidays, it was $45 per person.  With such high prices and reviews I was expecting a bomb ass dinner.  

Maybe I expectations were too high to be realistically met but I thought all the food was average or below average.  I tried various cuts of beef and duck and thought all the meat was towards the dry side.  Also I tried the foie gras and it was not good.  

I know everyone raves about the all you can eat crab legs.  BUT THEYRE COLD!!  When crab meat is cold I don't really like it and the warm butter didn't really improve the taste either.

I was excited to try all the cute desserts but they were all ok but the chocolate mousse was pretty good.

Even if the buffet was $30, I wouldn't think it was nearly worth it and I don't think I'll eat here again.笑
To the handicapped person who cut to the front of the line while I waited 45 min to get to the beginning, took his time paying, and then MAGICALLY walked JUST FINE when he got to the food area and started zooming around, I DISAPPROVE!!

Besides that, this is a solid buffet!

Get in line at 3 pm, and you'll have a great chance at scoring the lunch price while they switch out for dinner foods at 4 pm. :) Save $15!

The hits were Prime Rib, Honey Smoked Bacon, Pork Loin, Shrimp Cocktail, Spanish Paella mussels...and pretty much all the desserts.

The lamb (super gamey) and the Kobe Top Sirloin (way too tough) did not sit well with me. 

I also do not get what the fuss is for the King Crab legs. They tasted icy.

Overall a large variety of different cuisines. Just remember...don't fill up on the "cheap" stuff ;)笑
Great buffet!

3 stars


For the money prefer the WYNN by a landslide, I have been spoiled there.

The omelet was great even had an option for shrimp and crab.

Most of the stuff I got sat out too long and was not tasty. 

The KOBE - Giant portion is given, I was not asked how I wanted it cooked. It was way too rare I couldn't cut it with my knife it was like rubber. The cooked ends that I was able to cut and eat were very good. I can't imagine how much they waste.

Many good plates I'll have to come back.

OH the orange juice was exquisite.笑
Best buffet in las vegas. Great variety, quality food and the best deserts which include chocolate covered strawberries! Must go here if you are in vegas.笑
Everything in the buffet at the Bellagio is tasty. The fried rice, noodles, stir-fry, the Mexican, the greasy breakfast, the desserts, the shrimp, the pizza, the lobster, the pastries, the salads (they have a wicked good seaweed salad), you name it. Service ain't bad, either.

The buffet is amazing, but not so amazing that you should wait in a long line to get in. If the line's moving and you want (lots of) good eats, it's probably worth the wait. Not really convincing, am I? Well, I'm holding back because this buffet sports a fantastic price: ~$40 for brunch/lunch! If you focus on eating seafood - selectively feasting upon lobster claws, shrimp cocktail, and fish - it's easy enough to stuff yourself silly with your money's worth.笑
I've got THREE words for you! SUGAR...FREE...DESSERTS!!!!

Holy Mother Of  BLEEP!

Listen, all you "regular" healthy people have no clue what this means to someone who is Diabetic (Hypoglycemic). I have been FORCED to give up sweets for the past year and have been living in HELL. lol

Alright, let me rewind....

My Fiance & I were told that The Buffet At Bellagio is the BEST in Las Vegas. So we head down for Dinner and wait in the Massive Line (1 Hour). 

I was very happy to see the fresh and amazing selection of hot and cold food at the buffet. I was also impressed with the Sushi and Chinese section. Very tasty, satisfying and CLEAN! Out of all the Buffet's I have tried, Bellagio's was by far the best.

So...after I finish my 5th plate of food that SAD time of night arrives. "Dessert Time". A time of night that I NEVER get to be apart of because of my medical condition. Lame Lame Lame...

I decided to tease myself by strolling around their Dessert Buffet Selection to see what I could have been eating if I didn't have this sucky lame condition. As I come around the last corner of desserts before my eyes there was a BRIGHT LIGHT...

Is this GOD?

JESUS??!

No.....even better.

SUGAR FREE DESSERTS !! BLEEPIN' BLEEP!

LORD O MIGHTY!

They had Cheesecake and Apple Crumb Pie! 

I had 20 pieces, and laid on the ground.... thank you Bellagio. With tears in my little eyes... Thank You.笑
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner, $36.95/person, a TOTAL RIPOFF. 

Most of the meat in the carving stations were incredibly dry. The ostrich meat had a great taste to it but all the other meats we tried (kobe top sirloin, pork short ribs) were just dry. 

Asian food here should not be touched, the sushi rolls and nigris were incredibly gross, they resembled the sushi you'd get in supermarket packages. Fried rice tasted very americanized. 

Waitress was very nice and service was overall excelllent. Everytime I came back to the table, my plates were cleared and my drink refilled. 

Dessert: So many choices! Tiramisu, chocolate covered strawberries, key lime pie, ice cream, chocolate cake. It was definitely the biggest selection I've seen at a buffet. 

I think they should stick to american items because dishes like pasta were great but when it came to say paella (it was mushy = BAD). 

I've heard this buffet was better for breakfast/lunch so I"ll probably come back to give the breakfast and lunch buffet a shot. Till then this place deserves a one star for the excellent service and the dessert selection.笑
This was the second of two buffets we visited while in Vegas (the first being Wicked Spoon).  Of the two, this was far more hyped up, but that only led to a bigger let down.  

There isn't a whole lot to say about the environment here: it's beige, really abundantly lit up, and loud.  If you need an idea of who you'll be eating with, just comb the line before you head in, or people watch as you wait well over 30 minutes in some cases to get a table.  Oh, and expect plenty of families.  

The service was solid, albeit busy.  I don't remember our servers name because she never physically stopped moving as she said it.  She was either dropping of drinks, checking up on us as she walked by, or grabbing plates off the table when the busing staff was busy else where.  She certainly smiled the whole time though.

I was trying to put together a list of highlights and misses like my other buffet review, but to tell you the truth, a lot of the food here was a let down.  I really don't remember much of it.  I did like the first cut of lamb I had, but when I went back for another serving it seemed like they had prepped it completely different and all the flavors I liked the first time around were completely missing.  The sushi was abysmal.  The rice was dry and had a styrofoam taste to it.  The ribs were pretty good, but no one seemed to be stationed to cut them, so I had to make two trips before I could try them.  There were two things that stood out now that I'm concentrating on our meal: the strawberry and cream desert shooter, and the salmon poke.  The poke had a great fresh taste to it, and a really nice and subtle heat that reared its face after a couple bites.  The desert shooter was also really refreshing, light, and had a great tang to it from the slightly sour strawberry.

All in all, I don't think I'll be coming back to the Bellagio for their buffet.  It really shows it's age, both in the food and in its looks.  Plus, the wait was pretty awful, and we stepped up to the line as it ended at the restroom entrance.  By the time we left, it had wrapped itself even further down the casino, easily another thirty to forty people deep.笑
Brunch selection is amazing- you have a good variety of foods.  While the food quality and selection was great, our service purely sucked!  I asked for a cup of coffee and received it 20 minutes later.  My other drink refills (non-alcoholic at that!) were also slow to come around.笑
It really has everything. Gourmet food for breakfast. It is well worth the price if you go for three rounds of food.笑
I used to like the Bellagio buffet, but after my last visit (weekday lunch), I don't think I will come back. If it weren't for the buy-one-get-one free deal we got from the MyVegas game (normally $24 a person, but we got 2 for $24), I would be even more disappointed. The good thing is they have shrimp cocktail, ribs, brisket, steak, a large selection of desserts, etc. but the other stuff is just filler items like pizza, sliders, and chinese food that I didn't even feel like trying. I'd much rather eat one of those AYCE sushi places off the strip, or spend a little extra to eat Bacchanal.笑
It was Sunday before the Christmas and the waiting line was ridiculously long. We waited about a hour before we were seated. After we were seated, our waiter immediately took our drink orders. Once we had our drinks, we were ready to chow down the whole buffet! 

Price: Holiday dinner was $47.99. 

Dining atmosphere wasn't as fancy as the Wicked Spoon; however, I like the food here better than the Wicked Spoon's. What do you get for $47.99? Smoked salmon, Chinese duck, Chinese broccoli, lamb chops, prime ribs, goose meat, sushi, nigiri, gnocchi bolognese, beef wellington, and tasty desserts. Oh, they also had the taco station and shrimp cocktail!

The good: Lamb chops were simply amazing! Not only the seasoning was just right, lambs were tender and juicy! Chinese duck and broccoli were actually pretty good. As for the dessert, pecan pie tasted soooooo good! 

The Bad: Miso soup was fairly salty. 

Disappointment: They ran out of creme brulee =(

Other than the long waiting line, it was definitely an amazing buffet experience. The food at the Bellagio is definitely far more superior than the Wicked Spoon's. Would I come back here if I get another chance? Hell yea!笑
This is my first time here and it was on a weekend.  It was busy but the food was really good.  The Kobe beef was not that great but almost all the other dishes were great.  The sea bass was fishy.  But the dessert bar was amazing... I loved it and made the buffet the best.  They had every kind of dessert you could think of and they were all great.  I will be back again!!笑
We definitely picked the right buffet.  Awesome selection of food, most of which was top notch.  Had great steak, salmon, mashed potatoes, and even eggs and bacon.  Star of the show was the dessert.  I sampled Cheesecake, Tiramisu, Carrot Cake, chocolate eclair and bread pudding.  Wanted to try the pecan pie but was too full!  Hooray Bellagio笑
This place was packed, but I didn't enjoy the eating experience. It's dimly lit with no windows. The old decor and dead ambiance made it feel like any run-of-the-mill buffet.
The food was okay, but not as good as a regular restaurant. I might try a buffet at another restaurant next time笑
Not really diverse. Price is high. You're really just paying for the presentation. Let's face it, nothing is cheap at the bellagio. Lol. Food was okay. Nothing spectacular. Husband liked the tres leches dessert. First time trying, and it wll be our last.笑
What is the first thing that comes to mind when you're going to Vegas? 
Gambling? Nah! 
Crazy Clubs? Nope! 
Shows? No way! 
Excessive amounts of Alcohol? Mayb....NO! 
Buffet? PLEASE BELIEVE! 

This was my first time getting to try the Bellagio's buffet so I was JUICED! We went for brunch and after looking at the prices, I noticed that the Champagne Brunch was around $27 plus tax. HOLLA! Not a bad price at all, right?!?! 

I'm gonna break this down plate by plate - wish me luck! 

Plate 1: Breakfast-ish 
Omelet Station - So good!! They have all the standard fixins and you get to watch your dude flip them. 
Eggs Benedict - They used sour dough English muffins which is always a plus in my book. Normally I don't like buffet eggs benedict but these were good even sitting out. 
Chicken Sausage - I have no clue which brand they use but it was delish. I heart breakfast! 
Scalloped Potatoes - they were cheesy! YUM! 

Plate 2: Confusion 
Cheese Blitzes w/ berry toppings - I couldn't eat them. Maybe because it was more on the lunch side of brunch and they had been sitting out to long. The cheese just didn't settle right for me. 
Bow Tie pasta with chicken and blue cheese type sauce - YUM! Bow Ties and Blue Cheese. love it 
Asparagus - all time favorite veggie! It wasn't even mushy. Nice job buffet guys. 
Turkey - Not gonna lie, it was kinda dry. When I make turkey, I inject it with broth and butter. LOL - COME SEE ME! 

Plate 3: Why did I need a plate 3? 
Moar Asparagus - Told you its my favorite! 
Mashed Sweet Potatoes - They tasted good but nothing special. 
Prime Rib - Way over cooked. Prime Rib should be red, this was brown. 

Plate 4: "Dessert" 
Mint Pea Soup - SO GOOD! This was the best thing I had all morning. 
Fruit - LOL... tryna be healthy after eating way too much right? 

Brunch was good overall but I think I expected a little higher quality in the food. I think the price for brunch was great and there was a good selection of food. I also loved the fact my Mimosa glass was always full. 

If I came for dinner I probably would have been a little more disappointed but brunch was good for what it was and the price was right.笑
Very consistent quality food for a buffet, especially of this scale. 

The service is good. 

The prime rib is always super as are the fresh shrimp and carb.笑
Despite its location being at the nice Bellagio, the food is just average. The Kobe beef was very dry.You are better off going to the Wynn.
However, the servers are excellent!笑
The quality of food has completely dropped off. I been looking forward to this buffet ever since I found out I was going back to Vegas but it was nothing like I remembered. There was nothing there that was absolutely delicious. This will probably be the last time I eat here and will stick with Wynn/Rio/Planet Hollywood buffets. Perhaps we ate here on a bad day (Thursday). The only good thing bout this place is that the waiter is very attentive and is always checking on you to see if you need anything else.笑
This review is for the breakfast/brunch buffet. We actually wanted to eat at the Bellagio Cafe, but the line was so long, so we came to the buffet instead. They had a wide variety of food for breakfast/brunch.  There was a made to order omelette station, sausage, mini pancakes, bacon, eggs, bakery treats, etc.  They had lavender watermelon, which tasted ok.  Everything tasted good.  Our waitress was nice and brought us our drinks and cleared our plates for us.  It was $19.99 for brunch on a Monday and we came here for our last meal before leaving Vegas later in the evening.笑
Last meal of our trip.  Oh my gosh, my husband almost had to roll me out - and I thought I was being good by only sampling a wee bit of everything.  But it's a whole lot of bits.  Ribs, lamb, chicken wellington, steak, several kinds of fish, pizzas, duck legs...  how could I not try all of it?  

My favorites - the fresh shrimp and the ribs.  Oh, and throw on a cheese blintz.

Desserts, which I couldn't even eat this time, has something for everyone.  Fresh fruits, pastries, cakes, bread pudding...

Fast and friendly table service as well.  

The line gets long, so if you can, try to get a line pass.  We learned this trip that the check-in desk only gives out line passes for those who stay in suites now (I guess they were giving too many out).  Try asking someone at the slot club desk - they give them out there (obviously, you have to be signed up with a slot card)笑
If you're looking for a good deal for breakfast on the Strip, then the Bellagio is the way to go. Monday through Friday the buffet is only $17 for breakfast. It's a big nice buffet and if you come before 11 you can get the breakfast price and try some of the lunch food as well.

I thought the buffet here was pretty good. This isn't the nicest buffet I've been to which is surprising since it's the Bellagio. However, the food is good. They have all your standard breakfast foods: bacon, eggs, sausage, pancakes, waffles, oatmeal. They even have some lox and bagels, toast and spreads, and a design an omelet station.

I thought the selection was a little limited. The eggs were runny and pretty gross. They were also clearly powdered eggs. The bacon was good and abundant. I also got pickled herring which was a nice treat.

The line wasn't too long to get in. I bet I waited about 10 minutes which is excellent for a buffet.

I also must mention that this place serves the BEST coffee I've ever had in a restaurant. It was amazingly good. I want more right now.

Overall, you can't be this price and this place anywhere on a weekday morning.笑
Well worth the $28 for dinner. Everything was awesome. We liked the different varieties of fish here. Long line but was real quick. We will definitely be going back.笑
We started our day of drunken debauchery here and it couldn't have been more wonderful. $30 for all you can drink mimosas and the buffet! I don't need to go into the details, but basically it ends up with our entire group in a very happy place around 1 in the afternoon in the Venetian pool where we continued to drink our lives away.笑
We try to come here at least once during every trip to Vegas because the food here is really good.  They have a great selection of food and dessert.  Even our son asks to come back.  The only bad thing is that the price per person is the same for adults and children so if you have a kid who doesn't eat enough to cover the price, it's not really worth it.  But since we only come once a year, it's not that big of a deal for us to pay more for our son.笑
Waited over an hour in line, but OMG was it good. Prime Rib was delicious, as was the excessive spread of everything under the sun. Diddnt eat the sushi, but my sister seemed to think it was okay. But I ate everything else just about. So if your standing in that long line depending on jumping out to play table games and slots.....DONT, its well worth it even if you have to unbutton your pants on the way out.笑
Around $45 for a dinner on a Friday night.
Snow and Kind crab, caviar, steak tartare, all types of meat and cuts, sushi, soups, Asian cuisine, pastas and pizzas. Literally all you can think about.
Almost everything we tried was really good. 
Their dessert section and flavors are one of the best !

Recommended for sure笑
The best part is Mariano my server. He was excellent. The buffet is average for Vegas(which anyways has a higher standard than most other places )
Mariano provided much better service than most sit down restaurants笑
at first I had sticker shock over the price, but it was worth it.  Best buffet in Vegas thus far.笑
We paid $30 for lunch buffet on a Monday for labor day holiday. I would say it is definently worth it IF you can eat tons of snow crab legs and prime rib. For us girls, I could barely get through a plate and a half....but still when you head to vegas you have to hit up at least one buffet.

The decor is not great. But there wasn't much of a wait.  I was for some reason addicted to the fresh grapefruit juice. The bacon was extra crispy and I was also super happy they had sushi for lunch even if it was the basic cali roll.  I also liked the shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon, chicken noodle soup, seaweed salad, and sausage. I'm glad I did not overeat, but I did skip out on dinner, one buffet meal is enough for me for a day...i was so full by the end I could not look at anymore food.笑
I came here with my family at noon on a Saturday and we stood in line for at least 45 minutes.  (No surprise.)  We eventually got seated and the service was decent, could have been better.  (But hey, I'm here for the food!)  The food spread was great in that there was quality and variety.  You've got your seafood, your sushi (limited variety here), your meats, breakfast foods, pastries, fruits, salad bar, pastas, Chinese food, fruits, ice cream, mini cakes.  (I'm probably forgetting some, but you get the idea.)  I missed the dim sum that Cravings has but my family said that they had gone to Cravings the previous day and it was terrible in that they had gotten rid of a lot of stuff, such as the dim sum.  Disappointment!  The consensus among my family was that everyone was very happy with Bellagio.  I'll be back here.  Forget Cravings.笑
Great buffet, classic setting, no complaints other than the obvious crowds.

I was lucky and got here with 20 minutes left for breakfast so I paid the lower entrance fee and after my first round, they converted everything to lunch food and higher prices, so I felt like I beat the Man on that one.

I am not sure if this is still the best in Vegas, as I have not been to them all, but you will be very satisfied here and the ambiance is awesome.笑
I can't wholeheartedly give this buffet a four-star, since I'm pretty sure the fresh shrimp I ate made me sick later on that day, but otherwise well worth the money ($23.95 for brunch on Sunday, including fountain drinks with free refills). My cousins who are locals will also vouch for this place. We went on a Sunday at exactly noon, and didn't get seated until close to one. But it was worth the wait! Really good steak, 10 different potato dishes, good mix of vegetables and tons of dessert that's well-packaged in bite-sized portions. There were a lot of different kinds of breads too, which I was unfortunately unable to make it around to tasting.笑
I've done all the big buffets (except the Sterling Brunch) and I have come to the conclusion that Bellagio is my favorite. It isn't the best in terms of service and the lines can be painfully long on weekends, but no other buffet in Las Vegas even tries to offer what they do. I do prefer the weekend "gourmet" buffet to the regular, but their brunches are pretty good as well. The gourmet buffet offers dishes such as steak tartare, Kobe style beef, beef wellington, etc.  Also, the brunch has fresh juices and some Asian style breakfast items. Nothing cures a hangover quite like boiled rice.

Wynn has a small advantage in terms of quality. Rio Seafood has better service. Mandalay Bay is the cheapest of the high end buffets. However, overall my favorite after several meals is still the Bellagio.笑
The buffet at the Bellagio is well worth the price of $30 for midweek dinner. We filled up on sushi, crab legs, kobe beef, shrimp, lamb, prime rib, oso buco, and all the traditional fixings. Oh, and we tried at least one bite of every dessert -- totally awesome. As I mentioned in another review for Rain Forest Cafe, My wife and I spent less at The Bellagio than on 1 app, 1 meal, 1kids pizza, and 2 drinks at the Rain Forest. My son, 3 years old, ate for free. We're going back next time Vegas and I'd recommend you check it out too.笑
went here for my birthday dinner yesterday, it was so good!!!! I loved everything I tried, I only wish I had eaten more lol. the crab legs were great, the creamed spinach was also really good. and the ahi tuna poke was delicious! I liked all the pastas. everything was fresh and we'll prepared. we went on a Tuesday so it wasn't crazy busy. also I drink a crazy amount of iced tea and our server was like on it lol.she kept up with my crazy iced tea drinking, she paid attention to us, we never needed to ask for anything she was just on it. I had a great experience, so much so that my husband and I want to go back Saturday night to. try the gourmet dinner! and I will take pics next time to post on here. I really don't understand the bad reviews on here, I have no complaints and I can't wait to go back. I guess everywhere can have a bad night but all in all this buffet is great and my new fav!!!!!笑
Bellagio's buffet is expensive but judging from the type and quality of food they served, it's definitely worth the money.  You can get almost any kind of food here, so there's something good for everyone.

I will say that I think for the money, the buffet at Paris is a way better deal, but if you feel like spending a lot of money to feed your gluttony, then The Buffet at Bellagio is the place to be.笑
I would give this more of a 3.5 star rating. Went here since it was listed on the top 10 buffets in Vegas multiple times. It was about $35 for  lunch here. Thankfully, the line was not awfully long and we got seated right away. The decor here could use a serious facelift. It feels like a pretty old space. With the right decor, I think more people would enjoy their dining experience! 

The variety was just OK. I guess they did hit on a lot of different types of cuisines, but a lot of the dishes were average and not memorable in both presentation and appeal. A lot of things I just looked at and passed on because they looked messy. 

Some highlights: calamari Greek salad (really tender and tasty!), carving station (prime rib), 2 different types of crab (snow and king, but both super frozen), pesto mashed potatoes, herbed polenta, and chocolate covered strawberries! They had spicy tuna hand rolls which were made-to-order. They were ok, a little on the spicy end. I wish they had more custom sushi roll options. 

Service was really good--they came back a lot for refills and to clear our plates. A decent option if in the area.笑
Okay, maybe we should have ate at the Wynn buffet AFTER the Bellagio buffet, because this place was just...ishy in comparision. 

More than half of the the buffet was empty, and another huge portion of it was just the same shitty food on each side. 

I had a yummy omelette and a really good croissant. Other than that, nothing was really notable. Except for the old guy that hit on me at the omelette station.笑
Really poor selection for lunch. Expensive, but don't have high expectations. Compared to Aria buffet, this one is overpriced, and just really nothing special at all.笑
I love this buffet.  It takes forever to get through the line, but it's so worth it.  The whole dining experience is very comfortable.  The tables and seats are nice and the waiters are very attentive.  I love the huge variety of seafood!  I've heard that the breakfast buffet is amazing, I hope that I can try that soon.笑
Not my favorite. I was here a few years back and it was better. You come here if you want quantity and variety not quality. Very pricy and busy! I won't make the effort to come back. It's around $35 to $40 a person. Definitely not worth the money.笑
"The buffet was a HUGE disappointment"- Angel H. Just saw her review and we went on the same day except I went for lunch.

We arrived around 12:30 pm for lunch. They had NO prime rib, steak, or any other type of beef WTH? 

They had a HUGE assortment of just "meh" foods.

I can say that the desserts were yummy. The Key Lime Tart, Bread Pudding, and Sorbet were all good.

The name Bellagio made me think it was going to be a great feast. It was just "ok"笑
I hate buffets, but this one is fantastic.

I've only ever been on Sundays (hey, might as well enjoy the Champagne for a few extra dollars).  I would recommend getting there as early as possible--the line gets long very quickly.

We have a 1-year-old son, and he went with us.  They didn't charge for him, and they sat us in a room with all of the other families.   I think he enjoyed the food more than we did...

In terms of food, you can expect all of your usual buffet favorites plus a few higher-end things that I wasn't expecting:  Crab meat omlettes, very large shrimp, roasted turkey, pork tenderloin, as well as tons of wonderful desserts and pastries.  

My champagne glass never got empty, and the server also kept us loaded up on orange juice (mmmm Mimosas!).笑
No king crab legs.  Minus 1/2 star.
No rib eye.  Minus 1/2 star.
No smoked salmon.  Minus 1/2.

Ok fine.  It was the lunch buffet. 
We waited 40 minutes lining up. 
Already not a good start.  But when
in Vegas, this is what happens.  

Yeah.  More waiting.  In line.  This is
not funny anymore.

Freshness was a solid Yey.  Selection
was average.  Servers were polite and
prompt.

It will be a while til I opt to wait this long
again to grub.  

The yummies:  creamed spinach and their
cheesecake.  Fresh shrimp cocktail.笑
Okay, I think it's a tad overpriced for weekend brunch.  $24.95 plus an additional $5 if you want champagne with your food is a lot to spend on brunch.  I didn't think there would be a line, but the Bellagio buffet is popular so I shouldn't have been surprised.  I guess we waited about 10 minutes, which isn't too bad.  I thought there would be more food stations to choose from but there was a good selection of food.  I wasn't very hungry when we went for breakfast and I didn't know they only have brunch on Sunday's so I tried my best to get our money's worth.  I only ate some fruit, a piece of bagel and potatoes.    My husband enjoyed himself, he ate A LOT of food and had no complaints so it was worth it for him.  

It was a little weird to see breakfast at one station and then Asian/Indian food at another, I would never think of combining chicken biryani with omelets, but people ate it.  All the food was fresh and flavorful.  I guess if I was more hungry I would have enjoyed the food more.笑
I have to say that this is a very flavorful buffet. Nothing I had was bland. For once! I do think that the price is steep but it's fun for a semi-special occasion. Our group of 4 were fortunate enough to bypass a monster line for dinner because we had a comp from my hubby's poker obsession. All his points he racked up in the poker room helped us get one dinner comped and because of that 1 comp, we were able to cut the line! I recommend using those pts to get ahead here! 

Dinner crowd is insane here! Expect a 20-30 min wait in line before sitting down. Eat smart and stay away from the fillers, bread and salad. Make room for dessert because they are perfect small bites but lots to choose from. If you like chocolate you'll love the dessert selection.笑
3.5 star

when we lended in Vegas, we both was really hungry!!! my friend said go to Bellagio have a buffet first. thats good idea! cos i was damn hungry :P Bellagio buffet is okay. cos not really yummy! they have Salad Bar, Sushi ( its good ) , Smoked Salmon ( its okay ), Shrimp,  Pasta, Soup ( Clam Chowder & Miso),  the desserts... Crab leg too! i was perfre eat a huge of Crab Legs, but those legs not thats good and kind of small! thats not good :( but for lunch just in US$23... not bad ( hotel price )笑
Great Great Great place to eat!  I have a friend in the casino industry that always gets the hook up here.  I'm not a seafood person but its unlimited crab legs first of all so theres that.  I always see my friends grab like 20+ of those things.  I usually get the prime rib and other things that go with it.  Nothing besides the prime rib, crab legs, and lamb really stick out as far as meat.  There is a asian food section, dessert, and from what I can tell a cross between greek and indian section.  The food was great.  You can order booze of course but it cost extra.  This is the pricing;

Breakfast $21.99
Monday - Friday | 7:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.

Lunch $25.99 
Monday - Friday | 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.

Dinner $36.99
Monday- Thursday | 3:00 - 10:00p.m.

Gourmet Dinner $41.99
Friday - Sunday | 3:00 - 10:00 p.m.

Weekend Brunch $31.99
Unlimited Champagne Brunch $43.98
Saturday & Sunday | 7:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.

Chef's Table Daily Add $25
Reservation Required 
4:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m. 

Holiday Pricing Changes
Brunch $35.99 - $38.99 | 7:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
Brunch w/Champagne $49.98 - $53.99
Dinner $ 44.99 - $51.99 | 3:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Holiday Feast wil start at 12:00 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day & Christmas Day

As a tip I would get there during lunch pricing and stay through out dinner :)  REMEMBER EVERYONE WANTS TO COME TO THIS PLACE SO THE LINES CAN GET LONG FOR DINNER.笑
My absolute favorite buffet in Las Vegas. I really like the variety of food options here from the two different types of crab legs, to prime rib, to mac n' cheese, there's something here for everyone. I also love the fact that they serve rack of lamb here as I adore lamb very much. At the heart of it all this is still a buffet; albeit an expensive one, but one of the better buffets that I can spend my money on. Service is really consistent and my drinks are refilled at a very quick pace. It's one of the larger buffets in Vegas, and one that is really clean. Bonus points to having bathrooms in the buffet.

Overall, there isn't much more to say that hasn't been said already. I guess I'll say that if you have to pick a buffet, come here!!!笑
For $35 +T&T per head, you definitely get your money worth, why? Because they have Chilean sea bass! That's usually cost 45-50 a la carte probably 8 ounce in the fine dining restaurant!笑
For about $25 per person, this place is JUST okay! You pretty much get what you pay for! 

Went here on a weekend and it was busy to the point where the line was wrapped around the corner! The line was a little discouraging at first but it moved pretty fast! Waited in line for approximately 45 minutes! They have a good selection of food here: American, Thai, Japanese, Vietnamese, and etc.... 

Don't miss out on the sushi bar and their spicy ahi tuna! Some of their Asian dishes were good, like the chicken curry, but I wasn't impressed with their version of Vietnamese spring rolls. It wasn't fresh, and it looked like they just wrapped whatever they had! 

I think I will skip this place next time I go to Vegas and will stick to the Wynn buffet.....笑
The food is generally good, but very rich. I tried a lot of different things, but wasn't particularly impressed by the buffet. While it was relatively cheap, it was too expensive for the type of food served. 

We paid about $36 each including tax. It was a good first time experience and if you have the cash you should try it. I wouldn't go there again merely because of the cost.笑
I hear about the "trinity" of best buffets along the Las Vegas Strip -  the Wynn, Bellagio, and Paris.  I've had the Wynn twice - the first was incredible, the second time was alright.  I've had the Paris once, which I remember being very nice.

There was something about the Bellagio buffet, even for lunch, that really made me take note.  Everything was so delicious, not to mention beautiful and with such a diverse selection.  That's the beauty of a fancy buffet - that there are SO many choices, but places like the Bellagio and Wynn take diversity to new heights with raw-bar offerings (sushi, smoked salmon), multiple pasta dishes, a carving station of perfectly prepared roasts - and this description hardly does a buffet of this caliber justice.  This is the farthest thing from your Golden Corral experience!!

Back to the Bellagio.. I just can't recommend it enough, and I may go as far as to say it's my favorite buffet experience in Las Vegas to date.  I tried everything.  I mean... EVERYTHING.  And it was all good. (Sushi selection was alright, but I can imagine it's hard to keep really fresh sushi continuously available throughout the day.)

And I haven't even mentioned desserts, which I actually felt weren't even the highlight of the meal.  Sure they were beautiful and good - mini servings of everything including crème brulée, key lime pie, carrot cake, etcetera etcetera.  I would have been satisfied by the rest of the buffet if the desserts had merely been ice cream!  

By the way, I arrived for lunch around 12pm and and walked right in. No line folks.  However, when we were walking out around 2p, the line to eat was out the door.  If you can manage to keep "normal" meal hours in Vegas, it seems the lines will be kind to you...笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio used to be of much better quality but it seems like good service and food here is a thing of the past. 

Service was pretty crappy, especially considering the half hour we waited in line to get in. After paying a pricey $38 per person for dinner (which awkwardly starts at 3pm), the hostess wanted to sit my party of two at a terrible table behind a column in the middle of the flow of people and waiters going to the back area. I asked to change tables, which they weren't really happy with. I also noticed they tried to sit at least two other couples at that same table who also refused to sit there. 

Later on, two of the waiters even started fighting and yelling at each other in the middle of the floor around us while we were eating because one of them stole the other guy's tray, an attitude that was super unprofessional, especially for such a high-caliber hotel as The Bellagio. Not to mention the fact that many of the tables were still dirty with plates that still had to be taken away. 

The food was at best consistent - not bad, not good, but all equally okay and definitely not worth the dinner price. It was disappointing to have experienced such a lack of quality at this beautiful hotel and a buffet that I used to love, but unfortunately I won't be coming back here in the future.笑
Christmas buffet very bad!!! Charging 20$ for fast pass! Taking advantage of The Christmas season! Don't go here!笑
Like everything else at the Wynn, prices jumped about $7 since we last visited the north end of the strip while overall quality and experience remained the same.

Our foursome agreed on Sunday bunch with bottomless mimosas (wee!), and waited about 30 mins before we realized we could have used the "invited guest" line. Sads.

It took a little while to get our bevs, but our server was (overly) attentive with the champs (and they pour Frexinet!). All that booze though meant my hunger hit the floor like a discarded shrimp tail. I indulged in the usual fare, but let's face it, breakfast food it cheap so I doubt I got my money's worth. I sampled some heavier fare, but not enough to make this a "deal".笑
Of all the restaurants we ate at this week, the Buffet at Bellagio was the best for price, variety, and service.  The carving station with flank steak, ribs, turkey, and brisket was perfect.  Side dishes such as garlic asparagus, chilled shrimp, a variety of pasta, and spicy tuna hand rolls complemented lunch delightfully.笑
Go here when you're extremely hungry. The Alaskan king crab was amazing, but a bit too chilled. However, they crack those babies up for you in half so you just need to scoop them out with your knife/fork. The smoked salmon? Mmm. They also have mini salmon tarts set in a little phyllo bowl - great bites. Dessert section? I prefer the strawberry tart - amazing. Prime rib? Always cooked at a medium, but the cooks will be more than happy to put it in the grill to increase that well-done-ness. They also have a sushi bar, and the chefs there can make you a onigiri with spicy tuna - yum. Service was pretty efficient. Prices are pretty okay considering they have that much seafood going on.

+smoked salmon
+mini salmon tarts
+prime rib
+strawberry tart
+located inside the Bellagio笑
Awe. Some. Their breakfast muesli is to die for, so are their pancakes - if you get them fresh. I only go for breakfast - so I cannot refer to any dinner options. 
You cannot ask for more for 18 bucks - all the food is always fresh and well prepared.

Bummer: their pizza went down in quailty (don't know why they came up with a fancier shape which appears to have a different dough now and to be dry most of the time...) 
Also - they pretty much stick to their selection all the time while you get new and different items each time at the Bacchanal for example...

Still loving it!笑
The best brunch in Vegas. The food is diverse (omelets, pizza, roast beef, green curie duck etc.) and VERY reasonably priced (don't let the Bellagio scare you off).   The service is a little slow and you will have to wait to get in, but the line moves fast and is worth the wait.笑
If you go to Vegas, there's a good chance you will get hungry. And if you get hungry, there's a good chance you'll need to eat. And if you go try to find something to eat, there's a good chance you'll end up at a buffet. And if you look for a buffet...

You know the story! But first let me preface by saying that buffets can scare me. Okay, terrify me really. I imagine long arms reaching over food, dropping whatever into the hot steamy pans below. I imagine too much. Way too much. But if you're in Vegas, then you will HAVE to eventually partake in a buffet experience, so you might as well go to the Bellagio Buffet. Just suck it up and do it. 

Oh my goodness! This buffet. Amazing selection, roomy, open, spotless restaurant, impeccable service and wait staff, classy all the way! 

True story... When we got there, a huge winding 2+ hour line stood before us. Uggg. Someone from waitstaff came up to us and asked if we wanted to sit at the bar top. Just two of us so no problem! I'm not sure how it even happened, but we walked right through and within minutes had our plates full. Bonus!笑
Horrible and horrified. After eating at wicked spoon the night before, incomparable. Outdated, unfriendly staff, food just doesn't look good. Best thing I had was a tiny slice of pizza. Everything was cold. I thought maybe dessert would make up for it but no.笑
Good spread, great service (our coffee was refilled multiple times without request) and pretty good selection.   Eggs Benedict & florentine were cooked well, hollandaise seasoned well.   But I wasn't impressed.  Pretty standard and I'd rather visit elsewhere, if I'm completely honest... especially with the smoke lingering in the line area...笑
Great buffet! Very well put together and neat! not too many kids running around everywhere with their hands in the food! Great selection of pretty much everything, the eggs benedict was delish! I would definitely come back here!笑
I love buffets and this may be the towns best..now because I have eaten in proubly 25-30 buffets around town. I have the credentials to make a statement like that! OK as of today I haven't tried the new buffet at Ceasors. Best to have dinner here Fri,or Sat nite its then they serve Beef Wellington&Lamb chops..also best to get in B4  four PM then you pay the lunchen price . Its pricey around $20 for lunch & $35ish. for dinner but give it a try!.....UPDATE! since posting the above review I have now tried the new buffet at Censor's Palace and have to say that one is the best...Also the Bellagio's dinner price now starts at 3:30 PM.  UPDATE! After trying Ceasors new buffet,I have to rate that number !笑
Wow - what a delicious deal!!  Yes, the line wrapped around and we were starving by the time we got in but there was just so much variety for brunch.  Brunch was very affordable for all that we got - only $23.95.

I don't even know where to begin - they had prime rib, sooo many different types of fish (about 6 different types), lamb, omelette station, yummy salads, a whole Asian delights bar and sushi, too - spring rolls, pesto mashed potatoes - yum.  Breakfast stuff - cheese blintz, french toast, eggs, sausage, bacon, etc etc - everything was a true delight.

And dessert - omg - they had sugar free desserts, not just one or two but SEVEN options for me to pick from and their regular desserts - amazing and just amazing.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to have the Bellagio Buffet again.笑
This buffet is good but not excellent, I know of quite a few that are better but it is in the middle of the pack. Seating is cramped and takes awhile to get drink refils. The deserts were good and food was solid. But, I think it should be spectacular for a place that strives to be yet, it is happy being mediocre and not work long wait.笑
Pricey but satisfying. Went for dinner on a Monday. The line was crazy. There is a whole lot a variety. The desserts are well done. I'd say everything was tasty, but nothing stood out over anything else. There's a premium for alcohol, which sucks. My friend who has a gluten allergy found plenty of thing to eat.笑
This is my favorite buffet to eat at when I am in Vegas. This trip, I had breakfast and dinner here. The selection is great and the food taste great. 

Coming from Hawaii, I'm surprised to see ahi poke and it's not great but it's pretty good. Prime rib and crab legs are expected to be good and it is. But I like the variety of cuisines you could get here. 

The service from the servers and bussers are good. My drinks were always full and my plates always taken away. The lines are pretty long throughout the day and dinner time wait could be up to 1 hour. 

Tip - join mlife and get up to at least Pearl level. Skip the general line.笑
We had the breakfast buffet...nothing to write home about. I was not impressed, and expected better from the Bellagio.笑
I ate here twice on my latest trip to Vegas.

The first time one of my bridesmaids and my fiancée did breakfast the day of my wedding. The service at this time was amazing! We had a very attentive drink server and the food was absolutely delicious. The price for breakfast isn't bad either. About $60ish for the three of us and the wait to get in wasn't long at all. 

The second time we went for brunch the following day with a group of 10; just some friends and family who wanted to get together for good food. First off the lady who was seating us wasn't very pleasant. She was very confused by our party size and acted like it never happens. She kept saying "4 at one table, 4 at another" she didn't speak very good English so trying to explain that her math included only 8 when our party was 10 was another ordeal. She was very concerned about the 18% gratuity for larger groups when we already said that wasn't an issue. We had already been waiting about 40 minutes while she ran around confused and inspected our tickets to get in. She left our 10th party member behind the rope because she clearly couldn't count to ten for most of this time. When we finally got in and seated our server was very nice and attentive.
The food was good but not as delicious as their breakfast. I probably wouldn't go for brunch again. Or with a party larger than 4 but there are a lot of buffet choices on the strip so I probably wouldn't go here again at all.笑
The food here was great. I had to wait in a huge line to come in. It was worth it. I didn't know anything about Vegas when I first come here and didn't know about yelp either. When we where walking the Strip the nicest hotel was the Bellagio so I decided what the heck lets just try this place. Glad I did.

This place taste-wise was better than Wynn's Buffet but didn't have as good variety stuffs ie King Crab.笑
Way overhyped . The only good thing they had was sushi . The crab legs were dry and way over cooked so they lost all flavor. Everything else was mediocre at best . Excalibur and Fremont got lot better buffets then this one for a lot less cost .  Avoid at all cost .笑
I've been to my share of Vegas buffets on and off The Strip and I still prefer coming here over going to the newer and more expensive Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace. I like that they put the salads behind the see through counter so they don't get contaminated by messy patrons. The guy preparing the salads will serve you a portion.

The obvious must eats:
King crab legs (split apart for your convenience)
Prime rib
Kobe beef  (not really kobe, definitely not fatty enough)
Jumbo cocktail shrimp
Chocolate covered strawberries (actually the entire dessert station)

Year after year, this buffet still has not disappointed me once.笑
We waited in the line for about an hour and a half while it it was Christmas. The price was $49.99 before tax per person but there were still a lot of people waiting in the line. At first I think it is probably a good meal, but it is $50. So I think I actually expected more rather than just the meat and the sweet dessert afterwards.笑
I had heard so much about the buffet at the bellagio before my trip to Vegas and from my experience it was a total disappointment. The selection was limited and the food was no better than a sizzler.

I think Vegas Buffets build a huge rep and once the crowds roll in they lower their standards and quality.

We also went to Wicked and liked that much better.笑
I was completely underwhelmed by the brunch buffet here. I don't know if it was because it was a Monday morning, but nothing really was that all appetizing. The best things here were the yogurt parfait, roast beef, omelette, and endless amount of smoked salmon. I mean honestly these are the only things I expect at a brunch buffet, but it sucked to feel that we got played and paid all this money to eat here. I would have much rather paid more money to go to Wicked Spoon.笑
Definitely the best dessert selection out of all the buffets ive been to. 

Good selection and quality of food

Service was kinda slow though! :(笑
Pricey but on a par with some of the better buffets in Vegas.

It was not part of the Buffet of Buffet program, and we paid $50/person because it as a Labor Day special dinner (starting at 3 p.m. on Friday) and because we were celebrating a birthday.

Some notables:

Good selection, with a little bit of everything: 

--Seafood choices consisted of Alaska and regular crabs; shrimp, smoked salmon, sushi, caviar (Ikura and American caviar), seaweed salad, mussel salad and calamari salad
--Carvery choices included rack of lamb, Asian pork belly; beef Wellington
--Asian foods included Broccoli Beef, Beef Panang, chicken shiu mai
--Extensive dessert section

Some good items:
--Alaska king crab legs were split and served cold, though servers can steam upon request
--the mussels and seafoods were free from grit and only very slightly over-cooked compared to other buffets
--Beef Wellington and rack of lamb were just right--only complaint was the saltiness of the mushroom filling in the Beef Wellington
--Extensive salad selection, including a mussel salad

Competent, unobtrusive service: our servers got us the cranberry juice and ice cream

Some not so hot items:

--Veal osso bucco: inconsistent quality--one us had a perfectly tender piece, but mine was overcooked and leathery
--Sushi was inconsistent: one of us had sushi with too much vinegar; mine was just right
--Pork belly was too salty (due to oversmoking?)

Is it worth the $50/person?  Only if you can eat enough to make it worth your while...Lunch will definitely be more palatable!笑
The moment I tasted the food, I had forgotten the fact that I stood in line for over an hour to get in. After such a wonderful experience, I can honestly say that this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. 

It is in your best interest to go and enjoy all the delicious food varieties that they offer. If you decide not to attend, you will miss out.

Put this place on your list of "things to do" when you're in Vegas.笑
This was a great buffet when the launched years ago but for the price and what else you can get out there I dont think that its worth it anymore. 

Some of the seafood selections are good such as the crab, shrimp, etc but where the fall down is trying too many things in one place. All of the food either begins to taste the same or none of it tastes great. I'd rather spend a bit more and go to a place where I can be served and have a GREAT meal...especially in VEGAS the home to the best restaurants in the world!笑
Best buffet in time and it never disappoints. Everyone should do a buffet at least once in Vegas. I am not a big fan of buffets as I can't ever eat enough to get my money's worth but Bellagio goes all out with their food. Top of the line Alaskan Crab legs, all sorts of meat, i.e., Kobe, Elk, Ostrich, etc. Everything is premium here.笑
I stayed at the Bellagio for my brother's wedding/the Rock n Roll Vegas Half Marathon, so I got free vouchers for the buffet. After the race and the next morning, I treated myself to the buffet.

Dinner buffet: Really disappointing. I had just run 13.1 miles, so I was ready to inhale every bite of food. But as I walked around, everything just seemed...blah. I forced myself to eat different pastas, pizzas, and meats, and it was all just very basic. The one shining part was the tomato soup - I had several bowls of this, and I wish I had more right now.

Breakfast buffet: Much better than the dinner one, but still not the best. I loved all of the different potato varieties, and the bar service was very nice and fast with my coffee order. 

I've heard so many amazing things about Vegas buffets, and especially the Bellagio one, but it just seemed very generic to me. I would have been upset if I didn't have the free vouchers from staying at the hotel.笑
Meh. I found their dinner buffet to be underwhelming and at $42.92 super disappointing! The roast was dry, the food didn't look special where I had to try it. The only highlights during this dreadful experience were:

*crab legs, but nothing special
*the cheesecake! if I wasn't planning at spending the day at the pool the next couple of days, I could have easily eaten 5 more of these, maybe more! Okay, let's be real, probably more than 5.

Service was good, they were attentive and kept a close distance in case we and other nearby tables needed anything.

Note to future self and fellow Yelpmigos, please avoid spending your money here, there are MUCH BETTER buffets and eateries elsewhere, especially at $43 per person. Even my 6 year old nephew was charged full price and all he ate was 1 slice of turkey and a slice of cheese pizza. -_-笑
The Buffet at Bellagio has a nice selection of food. It won't wow you over and the atmosphere isn't exactly hip, but I enjoyed what I had and ended my meal with a dessert of carrot cake, bread pudding, ice cream, and bananas foster. I love dessert and took a full buffet plate so I could pile it high with sweetness. I love America!

Aside from the prime rib (it was good but small) they were serving up Kobe beef the night I went. I had never tried Kobe before and...and...maybe it said "Kobey beef" or "Coby beef" because it wasn't exactly the most tender beef I've ever had. The prime rib was actually more tender. Oh well.笑
I saw this this buffet on TV and it looked as if it were to die for. I didn't see what all the fuss was about. The food was sub-par and and it was $40.00 per person. Its hidden all the way in the back of the Bellagio(one of my favorite hotels) and his kind of hard to find. Check out the conservatory on your way out. You can get wifi from a signal somewhere inside the hotel.笑
Possibly my favorite Buffet at the Strip. Alittle pricey, but the food is great, and i love all the deserts!笑
Best buffet in Vegas! The food is amazing. The service is great and friendly. Our server/busser lady Cynthia was great and made sure that all of our drink needs were taken care of and all of our plates were cleared so that we could get more food. The only critique I have for this place is that there needs to be more Nutella in the white chocolate nutella cone! The peppermint tea is amazing and a nice think to end your meal with or enjoy your dessert with. Make sure you visit but be aware there are long lines to get in! If you are a M club member you can skip the line so look into that program to see if it fits your needs. Thank you Cynthia for giving us great service!笑
I have always heard how good the buffet was at the Bellagio hotel so I decided to try it. Maybe I was expecting too much but I was very disappointed!! They do have a large selection of food but the quality is below average. They did not even have their famous crab legs !! The sushi was horrible, the dishes did not have much flavor . I think the best part of the Buffett was the salad bar.. As long as it was not cooked it was fine.笑
$24.99 for saturday brunch. 

The line was so long when we got to this buffet. The wait was probably 30+ minutes and it was crowded in the buffet area. 

They were serving lunch and breakfast, that's why I love BRUNCH!

They had some meat: Lamb and Prime Rib which were delicious and well moist but the Prime Rib was too rare for me. I really love their esparagus and chicken noodle soup. They didn't have that much Asian food choices which was kinda disappointing. Decent number of choices pastries and deserts. They didn't have Raspberry Iced Tea!! really weird. 

I guess I had better expectations from this buffet but mostly got disappointed.笑
So overrated and disappointing. People keep telling me how good it is over here but the buffet at Caesar palace is way better. They had prime rib, different crab legs, bbq chicken, rotisserie chicken, different Chinese food, Italian pasta, limited variety of sushi, fruits, and assorted desserts. The flavor of the food was okay but nothing special笑
My favorite buffet in Vegas. It set the standard for higher quality food at buffets after the Rio's world buffet faded from the top spot -- I guess people just got tired of everything fried. Excellent quality, choices, and reasonably prices (esp for breakfast/lunch). Only downside is that the wait can be long when busy, so try to go not at peak mealtimes.笑
More like 4.5 stars.

Went for lunch and stayed for dinner, as per my usual Vegas trick that I've learned from my fellow yelpers.  Didn't really need to stay for dinner though, because the lunch on its own was quite impressive.  Just about everything I tried ranged from above average to delicious, with more towards the latter.  I was a little disappointed that there weren't any of the unique carving stations I've read on other reviews, like Ostrich or Kobe beef (maybe cause it was a weekday).  But there were plenty of other great offerings.  There were some good desserts, although I would have preferred seeing the ice cream and crepe stations from the Wynn.  Service was very good too.. never had to wait for a refill.  All in all, a great value for $20 for lunch, especially if you time it right with dinner.笑
My parents live just outside of Vegas and I have been to pretty much every good buffet on the strip (and some in Henderson, too) and I can pretty much say that the Bellagio is my favorite one- even ahead of the Mirage and Wynn (though those buffets are worth trying if your stay in Vegas allows it).  The Christmas and Thanksgiving buffets are particularly noteworthy...I love to try a variety of fish and poultry, random side dishes, and of course lots of sushi.  There is a large assortment of desserts, but really, with food so good, I never have room for dessert.  One negative to the buffet is the long line that forms- sometimes 3-4 hours long... We've never waited in a line (if you gamble for a certain period of time, you can get line passes that allow you to go to the head of the line- or really, to go into a short line that forms next to the long line) but I suppose I would say the buffet is worth the wait (though its even more worth it without the wait :))笑
Read all the other reviews, the ones that say it's a good place are right.

Come here for lunch at a reduced price and you will love yourself for it. You pay $22.99 for lunch Monday - Friday 11:00am - 3:30pm, $33.99 for dinner Sunday - Thursday 3:30pm - 10:00pm. 

All sorts of other options and bigger prices, but save the $11 and come at lunch.

I focused on favorites: Alaskan King crab legs and prime rib with delicious mashed potatoes. I did some sushi [nice], shrimp, some Kobi beef [too dried out] and roast veggies, but stuck to my favs. Lots of crab. Lots of prime rib. Heaven.

So now after some serious meat sweats and a breather: dessert in the desert. Nice little creme brulees, individual pies and cakes with good coffee. Insulin please, Mr. Von Bulow. That's a lot of sugar.

Thank goodness this is a 5 hour flight or I would weigh 350 lbs. 

I've been to a lot of places for buffets in Las Vegas, this is good.笑
So good! Great service too! Really good variety of pastas seafood desserts they just have everything and it was all amazing! The cut the crab legs in half length ways which is super helpful! Awesome!笑
man oh man, i walked out of this place in PAIN, gluttony status for sure..first of all my friends and i came her 30 min before lunch ended, oblivious to this fact..just when were starting dessert....they hit us with dinner..i went from eating food, dessert, then back to food...lol ive never been so stuffed in my life!! they had good sushi/crab legs/prime rib/pizza/stuffed ravioli/quail/soups/desserts..ugh desserts!!!, just way too much good food. would i go back again?? most def! but on the way home cuz the last thing i would want is rollin up to a club with a little food baby.笑
Could not believe the size of the buffet. They had every type of food you could think of as far as meat and salad and Asian and mexican and Italian and desserts. However, there were very few vegetables (mashed potatoes, carrots and broccolini was it- and we did the dinner buffet). The prime rib was excellent, but very rare and I had to ask for it to be grilled. They asked me to come back in 5 mins and when I did, they had given it to someone else (it's a very busy place, so I understood). I requested again and this time waited nearby. The carvers switch stations frequently and the woman that took over was very rude to several customers (eye rolls, smart comments when someone asked for 2 slices- just uncalled for things). The desserts were fantastic and the assortment was ginormous! If I had to choose to eat here or the Wynn, I'd choose Wynn. But don't me wrong, the food here was good.笑
Came here for brunch. Great selection, yummy food. The coffee was great and I'm from Washington State, where we're pretty picky about our coffee! Service was nice and timely. Paid $25 per person, our two-year-old was free. Screwdriver and Irish coffee had endless refills but were not included in buffet price.笑
Great time, the food was delicious, the seafood was amazing, excellent taste and variety, the desserts were out of this world, good experience, the service was good and coffee was delicious. It was pricey but we will go back again.笑
Food was amazing the only thing is that it is pricy. About 65 for two for brunch. It's good to go once in a blue moon but not a regular thing.笑
Absolutely the worst!! This is the first time I have ever commented on Yelp, but was so disappointed I had to write.Totally felt taken advantage of. Waited in line for an hour and a half and paid $47.99 for the "holiday" meal. "Kobe" Beef ice cold, crab stringy and partially frozen, pastas just a big glop of starch, stations were sloppy & not maintained. Then they wanted to add an 18% gratuity for a group of 8. Seriously another $70.00 to clear plates & bring drinks?! I will stick to the Wynn!笑
I was a little hesitant to try the Buffet at Bellagio...can't say I've had great experiences concerning buffet lines.  But this one in particular is wonderful.  Yes, it is expensive, but the buffet offers copious amounts of delicious food.

On my first round, I chose shrimp cocktail, spicy tuna rolls, baked sea bass, and miso soup.  I arranged everything artistically on the plate and proceeded to dine.  Let me tell you, the shrimp cocktail was delicious!  The spicy tuna rolls were satisfactory.  I was pleasantly surprised by the sea bass.  The miso soup tasted a little bland, though.

On my next round, I tried the different pasta dishes, shrimp cocktail (again), and salmon.  I liked everything on my plate this time.

The desserts were too sweet.  I tried to fried bananas in caramel sauce...at least that's what I think it was.  They were good, but just started to get too sweet.

The buffet is a great way to fill up without breaking your bank at other more expensive establishments.  And I think it's worth your money for an extremely satisfying meal.笑
I've eaten here a couple times. It's my second favorite buffet in Vegas. I like to come just before dinner so I can pay for lunch and get the dinner spread. Again, love the crab legs! Love the meats, the salads, the breads, etc... 
The Bacchanal Buffet just had the upper hand for some reason, I guess the way they serve the crab legs at The Bacchanal is quicker, because there's a station where you can pick up cold crab legs and another separate station if you want boiled crab legs. The line at Bellagio was so slow! 
I did have a great sort of private booth, it made the experience better. 
The line for this buffet went so slow too! The Bacchanal went fast, just to let ya know!
The food is still top notch though.笑
Still one of the best buffets on The Strip. For less than $30 per person for dinner, it was a deal. Those who know me know I am not a buffet guy, but this is one of the few exceptions. Although, my one and only complaint this time is the fact that they didn't have my strawberry tart this time! F*#$%! S*&@#! I LOVED THAT D@MN TART the last time we came! Ate like 5 of them on a full stomach! So sad. 8(

I really like the prime rib. This time I found something else I really liked. It was a Southwest Tataki (seared) Ahi Sashimi Salad. Man I think I had three servings of the stuff.

Anyway, Strawberry Tart, I don't know where you have gone, but I love you. Come back home soon, so the next time I visit I can relish in your savory sweetness and gramcrackery crust.笑
3.5 stars! The buffet here is one of the better ones that you'll find in Vegas, but after dining at Wynn the last couple of times I've been to Vegas, I think the Wynn buffet might edge this out a bit. 

My family and I came on a Sunday night for dinner ($29.95 pp)...not bad considering the prices on a Friday and Saturday night. I had been researching different buffets on the strip on a Sunday and this one was about $5 more then others. There was a line, and we were thinking of skipping the buffet because we needed to catch a show, but the line actually moved relatively fast and we were seated maybe less than 30 minutes later (there was 12 of us so we had to wait while the tables were set up).

The food: Tasty! Good array of meats (prime rib!) pasta, pizzas, sushi, seafood, salads and of course...dessert! Everything was fresh too. I can't remember all the details about every single dish that I ate, but most of it was pretty good. Although the one thing I noted was that the Kobe beef was cooked way too rare. It was just too bloody so I couldn't finish it all. The crab legs were abundant but served cold. You can have the kitchen staff warm them up for you. You just need to ask them. 

I didn't find the dessert section that impressive though. There were the usual cakes. I saw bread pudding, flan and creme brulee. I think there was also a machine for soft serve ice cream? The creme brulee was delicious. We got it nice and hot. Love!

Also, the food was constantly being refilled. The staff is totally on top of their game! I never saw anything empty. As for our waiter, he was ok. I don't think he was too attentive and we had to ask for a lot of things. Gratuity was already tacked onto our bill because we had such a large party. 

Overall, the food here is solid. I'd come back...not sure if I pay the weekend peak prices though, but this still stands as a good option!笑
When in Vegas go to a buffet, but not this one!!!
So the plan was to go to the Bacchanal Buffet, unfortunately there was a 5hour wait, and we did not want to wait. After a quick look at Yelp this was the "next best".

Way over priced $40 something for the buffet plus another $16 or so for mimosas. I don't mind paying that price if the food was good, or the selection was vast.
The food was bland, no big selection. It was like hometown buffet or such establishments.笑
One of the best buffets in Vegas, the only thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is that it specializes in breadth instead of depth.  You can find almost any kind of cuisine here, but only a few selections of each.  My favorite of all buffets would be Paris, where you only find parisian food, but damn is it good.笑
Went there two times...totally disappointed. Super over price, food sucks especially the sushi, not many choices...totally dun worth $35 per person! Dun go here... go wicked spoon at cosmopolitan. Brunch only $22. Nice place, good food, many choices.笑
Excelente. Bravo. Encore. 
I wish I could've taken some to-go. mwahah..

The price (about $30/each) was competitive with other quality dinner buffets in Vegas.

The selection of foods and desserts was wonderful. The juicy prime rib, and swordfish filets were DE-LICIOUS!

I piled one of everything that I found particularly appetizing and savory on my plate, and I did the same thing with the desserts in an attempt to sample almost everything. That's what buffets are for!..It was all so tasty.

The one thing they can improve on is to have really fresh sashimi and/or nigiri at the sushi bar. I have yet to see outstanding sushi at a buffet. Maybe that's not possible..=) But I did take a spicy tuna handroll for the heck of it.

Bellagio Buffet 
truly is 
one of the best buffets 
in Vegas.

I also like Le Village Buffet at Paris (http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas). I still need to try Wynn's. It was too crowded when we walked past (also more expensive.)笑
We want to try out a different buffet every time we visit Vegas. Since we did not want to wait at Caesar's Palace yet again, we headed out to the Bellagio during lunch time. We were surprised to see only a 15-20 person queue at the counter. We paid, and were seated at our table within 20 minutes of entering the line. 

2 Buffets came to $82 on a Saturday during Thanksgiving weekend.

Pros:
Sign me up for a buffet with a small line, and I will be there every time (+1)
Almost all the stations had delicious food (+1)
- Salad station
- 2 Carving stations.
   - Ham & Turkey
   - Prime Rib & Leg of Lamb
- Breakfast 
   - Cereal, etc.
   - Southern
- Italian station. Freshly made pasta, pizza etc.
- Noodles, Rice etc.
- Snow crab as well as King crab legs sliced in half.
- Sushi Bar (Only station with not a wide variety) (-1)
- An entire island with Desserts. Including Gluten free kind. They also had Flan (+1)
Service was very prompt. Our empty plates were being removed as soon as we set them aside. Our fruit drinks were refilled without even asking for it (+1)

Cons:
Blind spot between the ice cream area and the breakfast bagel/bread area. A lady dropped her desserts because someone bumped into her from behind. It might be a structural post?

Overall we got our bang for the buck, as well as an opportunity to try out several different cuisines at the same time. This is what buffet's are for, right? :-)

Review #100 on 2015's Yelp 100 challenge笑
It gets pricey on a weekend, but overall quality is pretty good! There are always lot of people, so you will be waiting for a bit for seating.笑
I enjoyed eating at this buffet. It was surprisingly cheap for Monday lunch at 45 dollars for 2 people. I don't know if their prices for lunch ranges on the weekends.

The shrimps at the shrimp cocktail bar were pretty good in size. I've also noticed that they are big on pesto: Pesto pizza, pesto pasta, and even pesto mash potatoes!

The brisket was really great. They also had ribs and prime rib. Even though I didn't have dessert, their desert bar looked really good as well.

My only complaint is that the sushi bar was pretty sad. There were 3 different rolls, and pretty sad looking rolls at that. 

We went at about 2:30 and there was no line at all, however, when we left around 3:30, there was a very long line, which was odd.笑
Reader beware: Beef Wellington is *not* served at lunch. Neither are the much bally-hooed crab legs.

The buffet was a bit of a disappointment for these reasons, but everything was executed competently. This said there was no real stand-out.

Worth going to, though in retrospect, even if the buffets are less so I would go w/ Buffet of Buffets 24 hour deal.笑
OK, so I know that this is definitely not your "buck ninety nine steak, eggs, & chop suey" buffets, but it's not worth $37 bucks.  

I ate here about three days after getting back from my first trip to India.  After six months of finding God in the Ganges, I chose to make the terrible mistake of taking my blissfully post-ashram enlightened butt to an expensive buffet in Vegas.  Hell-o Culture Shock.

It starts out with a long line.  I was used to this, put people here actually make a line.  I has already ready to yell at someone for jumping the line, but no such American luck.  People scrambled like hungry busy bees to get as much food on the tables as possible.  

Mind you, the table for two at this establishment was, at a normal restaurant, a table for four.  I was with two other people, so our table was a sixer.  Our cokes were Oktoberfest size.  

I walked around and saw a couple with what looked like a mountain of crab legs, maybe 6-7 plates full.  Gross.   I did manage to try a little of this and that.  Not memorable as far as quality of food goes.  I couldn't help but watch the train wreck of mass consumption.  Since I was just off the jet from a country where some quite suffer over lack, I found the experience appetite extinguishing.笑
The line can be long to get into this buffet, but goes quickly. I give it a five on the price. It's definitely comparable to the Wynn and Aria buffet. I've been to quite a few in Vegas and am a fish gal. Definitely one of my favorites when it comes to serving fish, raw or cooked笑
4 stars because i was super starving! Actually it was very good. We got there around 5pm. No line. Great food. I had prime rib, 2 slice of kobe steak! Delicious. Melt in my mouth. The red potato was cook to perfection. I know vegas has many buffets but this one is on top of my list. Me and the gf had no complain. She devour the sushi and said the best dessert ever! I was too stuff to fit any dessert. We left about hour later and there was a line wrap til the front entrance. So left and gamble n lost some money! So in reality that was a expensive buffet for us. Haha. No really the bill was $65 or something.笑
On our recent trip to Las Vegas, my wife and I ate at this buffet on two separate occasions.  Once for breakfast, and once for lunch.  I ate at this buffet years ago, and remembered it being better than it is now, at least for breakfast anyway.  We first went here for breakfast, and I must say that I was less than impressed with the selection.  It had your standard omelette station, along with other breakfast staples like bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, toast, etc.  The food was all pretty good, it just felt a bit underwhelming for being the "Bellagio" buffet.  This hotel has so much glitz and glamour associated with all of its other restaurants, I just felt the breakfast buffet was lacking a bit.

When we went for lunch a couple days later, that was better.  They had many more options such as sliders, BBQ beef brisket, prime rib, etc.  Their dessert station was lacking, though.  They had a few selections of pie/cake that were ok, but they just have a standard ice cream machine like you might find at Ponderosa.  Other buffets such as the Wynn or Aria have a much better selection of desserts, in my opinion.

Overall, this buffet is just A-Ok.  Not great, but not bad.  The price of breakfast here is around $20 per person, which I thought was reasonable for the Bellagio.  After eating here though, I see why the cost is what it is.  I have a feeling they will completely renovate their buffet before long.  Just a gut feeling.  Either way, it was decent, but I won't be rushing back here.笑
Four words: Alaskan King Crab Legs

Nuff said.  Pre-split, unlimited, and served with hot butter, I really didn't waste my time eating much else here.  Ask one of the workers to heat your crab legs (iced on the buffet line) in hot water before enjoying!

Like all other Vegas buffets, the spread was pretty decent with a full sushi station featuring make-your-own hand rolls, a full salad bar, a carving station with prime rib and steak (which was overdone), a soft serve machine, and a wide array of mini desserts.  Good quality, and all for about $35 on a Thursday night.  Win!

Ambiance was a bit nicer than most Vegas buffets, and they didn't charge us extra when we ordered illy coffee and hot chocolate.

Tip: Dine before 6 to avoid massive lines!笑
The Bellagio's buffet wasn't terrible, but it wasn't amazing! For $100, I think I would expect better food, but I mean... It was good. If that makes sense. It just seemed a little pricey for the actual variety. However... I did eat about 25 pounds of crab legs (not really, but sure seemed like it). The crab is amazing. The melted butter that they provide to pair with it tastes like plastic. Don't get it. The sushi bar is grossss. Bad. Tastes like the ready to eat sushi you buy at grocery stores. The salad and fruit bar is pretty good, too. Basically if you're looking for a good crab bar with good service, this is the place to go.笑
While I admit this restaurant was hyped up for me, I found myself disappointed for what I had paid. I went into the buffet expecting lots of sushi and seafood but in reality I didn't think there was a ton of options. They had crab legs pre-opened and freezing cold with the option to hear but when I ate them they were watery and bland. The sushi was also bland with a few different options. The best part of the buffet, however, was the dessert selection. There were many dessert choices and they came in small portions so you were able to choose a sampling of them.笑
The prime rib melted in my mouth. I could have eaten just the mashed potatoes and been happy.  The carrot cake and brownie were superb. This is high end food prepared by professionals who know how to cook. Well worth the $35 I paid late on a Sunday evening.  The server was attentive and was tipped accordingly. My husband and I enjoyed the food so much, we will be returning again and again, and I live 3000 miles away.笑
Been going to the Bellagio Buffet every time we go to Vegas which is about twice a year for the last five years. Our last visit was a disappointment. I come specifically for their snow crab legs, beef brisket or rib roast, pizza and desserts. The crab legs were so small, and now if you want them steamed, they place them in hot water for a minute then drain them and put them on your plate. You don't get to choose your own, and the staff member was stingy and unfriendly. He made like it was a hassle for him. Plus the crab legs were water-logged. Don't know if I'll be back. Will probably go to the Aria. Management needs to train their staff better in customer service because most of the men in that section had that same "don't want to be here" attitude. Too bad. I'll miss their awesome desserts. But it's not worth $40.笑
Take your credit cards and cash, this is the priciest buffet you'll ever experience. It was not cheap back in 2004 for me. Luckily for me, I won $5K at a Bellagio poker tournament later that night. On both of my visits back in 2004 and 2012, same high quality items. Casual wear is good. As I mentioned, it' very high priced, thus it's a four star rating for me. Still, this is what I expect from one of the classiest casinos in the world.笑
If I wrote this review 2-3 years ago, it would've gotten an instant 4 star.  But now, 2 star is what this place deserves and thats me being somewhat generous.

All the food was very lackluster and tasted like a very basic buffet that should be far away from the strip.  The kobe beef was just not cooked well and tasted like cardboard.  The crab legs were tiny and the actual meat was salty.  

The desserts is the only reason this gets a 2 star.  While not delicious, it was alot better than most of the food.  Banana foster was on point. 

Overall for a $37 buffet, your money goes down the drain.  Eat at the wynn buffet for actual good food worth the price.笑
Wow...really??

No, that's not a good wow. That's a "I paid that much for this" wow. If I'm being perfectly honest, I was not impressed at all. That being said, I went in with an open mind and empty stomach. Ya know, everything is supposed to taste better when you're hungry. Nah. It really didn't.

Service was great. From the beginning to the end. The host was polite and pulled our party of four through the long-ish line and sat us quickly [no, we aren't VIP...though at times that would be awesome]. The waitress[?] was quick to clean our empty plates and refill our beverages. I'm hesitant to call her a waitress because she wasn't really waiting on us. But regardless, she was good.

The food was ehhhhhhhh. I've really experienced better back home [in Chicago] and definitely paid less [we went for lunch]. The selection was limited; it is "multicultural," but there were only like two or three dishes per cuisine, and there weren't many different types of cuisine.

I left a underwhelmed and way too full [I tried to get my moneys worth]. I'm curious to how different dinner is compared to their lunch. Hmm. Is it worth the risk? Try it yourself and message me. I'd be interested in your take on what was once revered as the crème de la crème of LV.笑
Yes, it is the highest rated buffet in Vegas, both in price as well as taste. We waited for a long one hour to sample this extravaganza. The good selection is huge and the Stewart's take good care of your table. For meat lovers there is a plethora of briskest, steaks and sea food. For vegetarians like me, I had pizzas, pastas, salad bar, tacos, veg Sushi, Noodles and various kinds of breads. I also loved their desserts selection which had  bite sized desserts like carrot cake, smores cake, Apple pie, various kinds of soufflés and pies. Their chocolate ice cream was also quite delicious. It was definitely worth the wait.笑
I don't know how anyone could rate this buffet anything less than 5 stars!  Now that I have had tried several buffets throughout Vegas, I thought that I had already made up my mind about my favourite.  WRONG.

While there are certain items that are better at other buffets (Like the Wynn's Gelato station and salads or the Paris' massive dessert section...macaroons, creme brulee... wow), I would still pick the Bellagio buffet because of its entrees.  After all, the entrees are usually what I look forward to the most, rather than the appetizers & desserts.

We got there at 4:00, which was a shame because we could've come 30 min earlier to get the lunch price -- Oh well!  We definitely ate over $36 of food anyway, so it was well worth it.  We waited in line on Saturday evening for only 20-30 minutes around that time because we were tired / starving from Tao Beach.  We just wanted to veg out!  We got seated quickly and had our orders taken for drinks in a jiffy!  

Swordfish, Quail, King Crab, Snow Crab, TUNA POKE... oh my god.  Is this real life?  I heard the Beef Wellington was quite good, but I'm not really a red meat / beef / pork kind of person, so I didn't try it as I did not want to waste any precious space in my stomach!  

My point is -- you have to try it.  Of course it's expensive, but it's up to you to make it worth it!  The first two times I came to Vegas, I either went to a shitty buffet (Imperial Palace, which is worse than Fresh Choice / Souplantation), or I did not go to any buffet at all, which I greatly regret!  Normal food in Vegas (not fast food) is expensive anyway, so I'd rather indulge a bit for a REAL meal.  

I learned my lesson.  Now I usually eat buffets around lunchtime and then I don't buy food for the rest of the day :)  Yay!笑
We definitely beat the system and got in line just before the increase in price for dinner kicked in .... I'm so glad we did because I personally did not think it would have been worth the $40-some dollars.  Maybe I'm just pickier than most but I would much rather get a delicious meal that I chose and was individually cooked rather than huge platters cooked and left in a buffet line (I was outnumbered doing a buffet haha so don't hold me to the "why did you go then?").  I was extremely disappointed by the crab legs, which were all split and put on ice ahead of time so they were frozen and water-logged.  The meat was okay (except the Kobe beef, which was inedible) .... I definitely enjoyed the fresh fruit and desserts the most, which is a shame when you pay so much.笑
I  ended up at the buffet because I wanted to go to the Wicked Spoon over in the Cosmopolitan but didn't think I'd make it in time since it was close to closing.  The Buffet at Bellagio is open until 10 pm so I trekked over there with my husband to check it out.   

The line was extremely long but moved fast.  It costs $29.99 per person to eat here which wasn't too bad considering beverages were included as well as dessert.   

One of their draws is the never ending snow crab legs.  I'm not into snow crab legs so I passed but other people were piling their plates to the ceiling with those things.   

I went through the buffet line 3 times.  

Must try:   Mashed Potatoes, Heirloom Tomato Salad, and Broccolini 

Meh:  Kobe Beef Tenderloin (didn't taste like anything special and extremely dry)
Prime Rib (way too bloody) 

Gross:   Macaroni and cheese, pizza, "homemade" sausages and most of the desserts.  

The only good thing at the dessert buffet was the chocolate mousse in a waffle shell.   

Overall, I would probably give another buffet a try before going back to this one.   It wasn't a bad price for the selection but the food just wasn't as good as what everyone is saying.笑
On a last trip to Vegas as a 21 year old armed with a driver's license hot of the press, it wasn't the clubs or the glamour or the shows that wowed me about Vegas, it was the Bellagio Buffet. Now, almost 5 years later and having tried many other buffets in Vegas, I can confidently say that this is the best buffet in Vegas. This time, we were there during the holidays so it was a special holiday menu. To me, that meant fish of all kinds from amaaazing sushi and sashimi salads, to the best sea bass I've had, to soft, baked salmon to 3 different kinds of crab legs. I honestly don't even remember what the other meats were because I was so busy stuffing my face with the seafood. I do remember the dessert station though because I had an amazing dark chocolate mouse and nutella cup. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm eating all my meals here.笑
!:-)

The Buffet at Bellagio Las Vegas.

http://www.bellagio.com/restaurants/the-buffet.aspx

4 words: Prime Rib, Crab Legs
4 MORE words: Succulent, Juicy, Moist, Tasty

This was THE best buffet compared to all buffets I've EVER experienced. I sat there from Brunch to Lunch in an ORGY of good food. Everything prepared fresh, and tasty, nothing dry or overcooked.

I felt naughty afterwards.... 

REEAAAAALLLY NAUGHTY.

and FAT.

yeah.. 

http://www.funatiq.com/images/very-fat-mcdonalds-girls.jpg

FAT and NAUGHTY!
(you picture that)

http://user.chol.com/~jsw1/PIC/Sailor_Bubba.jpg

5 Woofs for the Buffet of all Buffets. Hats off to Executive Chef: Larry Vigil.笑
Quality has gone down a lot. Not worth the price. And that shows as the waiting line is much shorter than a few years before.
Kobe beef is really dry and not tasty. Don't fall for the hype.
Not recommended.笑
Wortest buffet in the world
 Gosh everything is salty. crab legs are really old like jesus. gosh. this buffet should not be in vegas at all. not worth a single penny.笑
Good buffet. It isn't the best one I've been to in Vegas, but you won't be disappointed if you go here.笑
Do not come here with more than eight people they will split your group up or make you pay 18%笑
I had dinner at the Bellagio Buffet last night.  Although the line to get in was long and time consuming, the food was worth the wait!  Once sat, I was greeted promptly by a server and provide with a drink.   I started with the seafood section and the crab legs were delicious.   Next I hit the Asian and BBQ sections of the buffet.   Both had many different options.   Service was great and the good was second to none.   If your in the mood for a superior vegas buffet, I strongly suggest Bellagio Buffet!笑
No.  Just no.  Do not do it, at least not for breakfast.  This is one of those rare instances when I say, "I would not go back here if it were free."  Even with a buy one, get one deal I was pissed off.  So, we went for breakfast, and for anyone who has ever cruised, I will say that a cruise ship breakfast buffet (not great mind you) beats out Bellagio's.  There was really nothing redeeming about it...pastries were borderline gross, eggs were meh, fruit offerings were pathetic, coffee was forgettable.  I just expected way more from a 5-star property.  Oh...and I should mention the ridiculous line to get in, which just added insult to injury.笑
Where do I start? My first time staying in Vegas and experiencing a buffet that I was really looking forward to trying. Disappointed is an under statement. The price my wife and I paid was ridiculous for the quality of food we had. There were some items that I never tried that were actually pretty yummy but other things were not that great. Like the crab legs I was soooo looking forward to trying were COLD. So were the shrimp and the cod and salmon were flavorless. 

What was good though was the crawfish, tiramisu, and this smoked salmon tart looking thing with a fish egg to top. Everything else was just substandard. 

I do not recommend this place nor will I be returning.笑
My visit to here confirmed that buffeting is a young man's sport!!  They have most of the usual option and do it well.  At $50 a head, you could also get a very good meal somewhere else and not feel sick afterwards.   Just saying....笑
This place is absolutely amazing!  You can get every type of food known in all different cuisines.  They usually always have some type of carving stations open meaning beef (the beef during lunch is usually a skirt steak that is amazing at night it is usually prime rib and sometimes kobe beef.  The prime rib is usually quite good and the kobe is amazing.  They have a large vegetable station including my favorite glazed carrots.  

They have so many other types of foods it is hard to list them all.  A few tips, getting there at 3PM during lunch allows you to pay lunch prices before dinner starts (depending on the length of the line) but you get the best of both if you don't mind waiting for dinner stuff to come out.   This place is almost always busy but if you have Pearl status in MGM Grand's players club you get a line pass.  It is not terribly hard to get to Pearl status by just staying at the properties so look into it if you frequent this buffet the line pass is awesome.  And the Sunday brunch is quite amazing.  You get crab legs with the Sunday dinner but not much else so I would go at 330 on Sunday's again to get the brunch price with dinner foods. 

The desserts for me were a mixed bag. They have a ton of different things to choose from and I am not a total desert person so for me I am more into simple things and they are much more exotic at this buffet so not bad by any means but if you prefer vanilla ice cream let's say you might be a bit disappointed in the deserts.笑
Mother of all Vegas Buffets!

To make the most of your Vegas experience and somehow save some money during the day so you can obviously spend twice as much at night, the Buffet at the Bellagio is the answer. After you wake up with ample time to recover from your hangover, find your way to the line here and get here at 3PM. You'll get in about 30 minutes while they're still serving lunch. Grab a small plate to sample anything from the lunch entrees that look unique. This is your appetizer. Now, wait until 4PM for them to put out the crab legs, seafood, and dinner entrees. Your first and last meal of the day is now ready. With this strategy, you just got to taste the lunch AND dinner items for the lunch price ($25). I went with a large group of Asian people so we had this strategy down long before we got here.

Stay away from Biryani, anything Indian, and sushi.

My favorite item was the pesto mashed potatoes!笑
After driving in from a night in Utah, we checked into our rooms down at another hotel on the strip. We decided to come to the bellagio buffet at 2:30. This was my first time in Vegas so didn't know what to expect. Anyways, after being seated I grabbed a couple of dishes. All of it was so underwhelming I can't even remember what I got. 

I went back for another plate and had some meats from the BBQ stand and others. Again very disappointed I couldn't stand eating any of it. Luckily my friend got some crab legs and I enjoyed those so had a few. 

The crabs legs would be the only reason I'd come back here for.笑
Let me tell you, if you're the type of person who has to try a little of everything just to see what it tastes like, the Bellagio buffet is a terrible idea.  My last meal here was traumatizing - it was an early weekend afternoon and brunch and lunch foods were both out for devourment.  I was starving, having walked down the strip for something like half an hour (I swear, everything in Vegas is deceptively far away) then waited in line for another half hour.  I was so damn hungry that I filled a plate with lox and ripped into it while I waited in line at the next station.  I piled up plate after plate and brought them all to my table before sitting down and tucking in.

To be honest, nothing stood out as fantastically delicious, but it was all quite good, and as far as buffet food goes, absolutely top-notch.  Sushi and sashimi were actually good quality!  One thing people seem impressed by though are the crab legs, and I found that those were too frozen and difficult to eat.  But other than that, no complaints.  And the desserts!  Oh...

But like I said, be careful!  You may feel like there are so many things to eat and goddamnit if you're not going to get your money's worth, but the crippling fullness can hurt.  I will never forget sitting curled up and moaning on the seat of a slot machine, on the point of bursting and unable to move.  Curse you Bellagio!笑
IT was cool and all to eat all that I could stuff my face with, but really...even all the alcohol in the world could not hide that the food was just mediocre.笑
I'm preaching to the choir but this seriously is an excellent buffet! This along with the Paris Champagne Brunch Buffet are the favs. This place is all about the food food food. 

The selection of foods is excellent E,g,.tender meats, fresh fruits like berry platters, always just an amazing selection and quality for the price. Fresh shrimp cocktail, etc etc. Desserts are tasty creme brulee among tons more.

Let me emphasize that while every hotel has a buffet, this place has QUALITY food and selection worthy of kings. Mmm mm mm - this is always a must-do when we hit up Vegas. 

Atmosphere is a bit just fuddy duddy, but that's ok, it's all about the food!笑
Slightly disappointed. At $36 or something a person we get runny eggs and soft and hard to crack open skinny crab legs. Staff is very nice though! Plentiful fresh fruit and a variety of food options.笑
Man this place is crazy good. Hella worth the 1hr wait too! Wide selections, prime rib was great and the lamb was good too. I liked sushi section because they has really good ahi poke. Fsure on top of my buffet list.笑
One of the best buffets on the strip. Most people go for their king crab legs. Great dessert variety. You'll find many things you'll love there; I'd list them all but there are far to many. If you are a VIP card holder, there isn't a line. If you are a guest at the Bellagio, then you have a different shorter line than the general public. This is one of the only buffets I go to on all of my trips to Vegas. Some people dress up to go here, but not necessary.笑
Bottom line is...come here if you don't mind chaos and a s**tload of people. I give the food 5 stars hands down because not only do they have a great selection, everything I tasted was cooked well and delicious. I just don't think it's worth the hassle of coming here.

Came here on a Tuesday night at 6pm and there was already a long line. Luckily the Mlife line only had 5 people in it so we didn't have to wait too long to be seated. The dining area is ginormous with tons of tables and constant movement. The food area is disorganized in my opinion, with ropes trying to section off certain stations, but all this does is cause confusion. This is the only buffet I was at that did not flow at all (to clarify I went to 3 other ones during my stay and they were just as large and busy but they were easy to navigate). I ended up refusing to walk back up after my second not very full plate because I was annoyed with people walking in all directions bumping into you.

My mother and I agreed this was our least favorite buffet we went to. Too chaotic and so many ill mannered people here. Glad we only spent $35 for the 2 of us since we used a myvegas bogo. If it's this busy on a Tuesday it must be a complete stand still on the weekend!笑
WOW!!! Awesome variety of food, when you go the a buffet that has so much variety, you expect so-so tasting food being that they do not specialize in a particular item... Well, ALL the food is AMAZING!!!! I have no regrets coming here.. Had no idea where to go, but seeing pictures on here helped me choose this place. Wait is long but well worth it.笑
Very good buffet!!!  Cold snow crab legs (2 kinds) cracked open for you, prime rib, BBQ ribs, roasted chicken, sushi, ceviche, pasta (lobster ravioli, manicotti, and penne), fruits, dessert.  

I only wish the snow crab legs could be served hot with butter, but everything was good and fresh, their seafood was the best thing they had!!  Prime rib was good but all the other meats were just OK.  Their carrot cake and passion fruit mousse was really good for dessert.  Pasta was also very good.笑
i was looking forward to a buffet lunch all trip and this was were we went for our last lunch. i had high hopes for the bellagio but i was pretty disappointed. i've been to the buffet at the wynn, wicked spoon, and bacchanal previously. there weren't too many things that stood out as amazing except for the crab legs, the tomato soup, and a dessert or two. the prime rib was mediocre and so was the rest.笑
We stayed at the Bellagio, so we couldn't decide where to eat dinner, so we decided to try the Bellagio buffet.  The line was extremely long, and we waited for over an hour to get in.  The selection of food was average, and nothing to brag about.  The taste of the food is nothing compared to the Wynn's buffet.  

The service was ridiculous.  We probably got one of the WORST servers there.  She could not get our drink orders right and did not want to remove any of the dirty plates.  One of the other servers actually sneezed on someone's food when they walked by.  It was terrible.  I had higher expectations for their buffet since it was the Bellagio, but I walked away never wanting to eat there again.  HORRIBLE.笑
Very disappointing. Expensive & nothing special. While they did have caviar, something we haven't found elsewhere, nothing else impressed us. Also the service was subpar. Not only was our waiter unattentive, the lead hostess was making snide remarks about guests, and when we needed service & asked for help from other servers they simply said "we cannot help you, that's not our section". We will not be coming back here ever again, especially having paid over $90 for 2 people.笑
$21 lunch buffet? I'm downnn! The food was really good here. I remember my favorite plate consisted of prime rib, mashed potatoes and they even had pesto mashed potatoes which was amazing! 

I'd definitely recommend this buffet and I'll for sure be back next time I'm in sin city!笑
After paying and walking threw the buffet at Bellagio, in all honesty I had to ask a staff member "Is this the only buffet in the casino??" I seriously thought this was some kind of express version of the vaunted "Bellagio Buffet".  "No sir this is it." I contemplated leaving before even being seated and asking for a refund but with a long line at the desk, I estimated cost in my time and aggravation would greatly exceed the admission price, so I pressed on.

Food offered was "ok" by cheap buffet standards but there was absolutely NOTHING special about it and I mean NOTHING. The local Indian Casino, Mohegan Sun near my house in Connecticut has a better buffet and the buffet at Aria puts this to shame.

Service was awful and staff was about as friendly as I would expect in a registry of motor vehicles office.

Having read and seen on the television quite a big deal being made about the Bellagio Buffet, I can't recall ever being so let down in an actiual dining experience comparing hype to reality.


I would not go back ever again even if the meal was free......笑
This place rocks!! 

After eating at the MGM Grand Buffet the night before which was total disapointment... This place totally exceeded our expectations.  The food selection was great; prime rib, pork belly, seafood civiche, sushi and a full bar. This has to be one of the best Buffets in Vegas.笑
Wait today was 1.5 hours. We were hungry paid $20 a person on top of the $36 buffet fee for a front of a line pass. Food was pretty mediocre not sure it was worth the $36, definitely not the $60 each we paid with a line pass.笑
Was expecting more for the price. Food had no taste to it. A lot of variety, just no good flavor.笑
This is the buffet you compare all other buffets in Vegas to. Ultimate buffet experience. Everything is fresh and all the dishes are as you would expect from the Bellagio. Crab legs are a favorite for our family and you can try to taste everything, but unless you are a training sumo wrestler, there is no possible way since the selection will make even pickiest eater (me) satisfied. You will roll out of the restaurant.笑
At almost $50 a buffet, I'd have expected a much better selection. The pastas, chinese and salads were okay. The sushi was not bad. The 30 desserts were enticing but didn't deliver. As a vegetarian, not sure I saw the money's worth or the stomach satisfaction..笑
It's like walking into an exclusive club (we got scolded by a waitress twice) - but not in a good way. We didn't leave the right ticket on the table so we didn't get drinks right away & we didn't know line rules. Drinks, BTW, include soda & water for free. There was a TON of food but none of it was great. Desserts were pretty but not fantastic. We got in for lunch prices but they switched to dinner while there so we tried both. The wait wasn't too bad - 35 minutes in line. Afterwards however, we were both sick from the food and while I can now cross "Vegas buffet" off my to-do list, I have no interest in trying anymore.笑
if you truly care about the quality of the food you eat, then do not come to this buffet. almost everything tasted like basic diner food (denny's and ihop anyone?). It was super disappointing since we paid $50 per person. i don't recommend this place nor will i be coming back.笑
The dinner buffet at Bellagio has one pro and many cons. The good news first.

It has a large selection of food. 

The Bad news is that the food has little taste. The lines to get into the restaurant are ridiculous; it can take 45 minutes to an hour. The cost for dinner buffet is $50.00; it should be $25.00. The place has a dirty feel to it. I would not go back even if it was free.

Do yourself a favor and pick a traditional sit down restaurant when in Vegas. There are many and they are not that much more in price and the service is better. It will be a more enjoyable experience. TRUST ME!!!!!笑
Se love IT. We go there every time we go to Vegas it is a must. And the pasta are very affordable笑
It could because I came here two or three years back when the quality was a lot better, but I was a bit disappointed with their selection of desserts and the quality of their entrees. At the same time, it could be because we came here for Sunday dinner so the gourmet dinner option was not offered. Honestly, remembering back they had a lot more food. This time around, there were no macaroons, tortes or mousse. And the creme brule was extremely watery in consistency. insert sad face.

I thought what stood out were the rack of lambs, kobe beef, sea bass king crab legs, white chocolate nutella cone, strawberry cheesecake, and banana foster bread pudding. Everything else began to taste the same when we were 30 minutes into the buffet. A lot of people were in line for salmon and maguro poke but I stayed away from the raw seafood because it was a buffet after all. Upon leaving, my impressions of the Bellagio buffet had decreased and my stomach was unsatisfied. 

I would recommend trying the newer buffets if you're ever in town, like the Wynn, Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan--which may temporarily become the next "it" hotel) and if you're a real carnivore--Texas de Brazil would be more satisfactory.笑
Worst buffet ever! All the crabs were literally frozen and even after steaming they were cold. I wished we never went on labor day. We'll nevet go back.笑
I make excuses to come here.
Birthday, anniversary,mother's day. I've only been three times due to price, which is another reason it's reserved for special occasions. It is however the best buffet I have ever been to.
Best move:
Gourmet night. Kobe beef sliders one night, venison sliders another night. Beef wellington is absolutely sinful, I went back twice. Nice variety of sushi and acompannying accessories. Fun with seafood-shrimp, crab legs, ceviche. Huge dessert bar.
Icing on the cake:
They served me after dinner coffee.
Lord.
Know how to win me over.
On Saturday, I will be trying Wicked Spoon at Cosmo to see how it stacks up!
Oh ya, and there's a full bar right when you walk in the seating area.笑
Came here for brunch on Sunday and stayed for the dinner. We paid $29.95 for the combined all you can drink champagne special, and it came to about $38 per person with the tax and tip.

The line to get in took about an hour, which wasn't too bad, particularly because we played games in the line. If you enter the line when it's just under the entrance, the line will only be about 20 minutes.

The brunch had all of the fare that you would expect from brunch including the breakfast meats, omelet station, french toast (including chocolate and banana hazelnut), sushi (handmade spicy tuna rolls were really good), potatoes, cream of wheat, GRITS (made this southern boy happy), prime rib, turkey, and chicken.

The champagne that came with the meal was pretty good. It probably still only cost them $2 a bottle, but mixed with their orange juice, which was pretty good and seemed house-made, made for an excellent mimosa.

For the dinner menu, we stayed to try the crab. Note the king crab was WAY too salty, so I would suggest sticking to the normal legs even though EVERYONE else is getting the king's ( I was tricked...). The mussels were OK, but they weren't very meaty. The salmon and tune poke were pretty good also, and better than the nigiri pieces on rice.

Overall, I would suggest this buffet for brunch and stick around for the dinner. Everything was pretty good, though the layout could be updated a bit, especially when compared to some of the newer buffets. The lights seem a little bit dim and it wasn't as bright as some of the other buffets (granted I'm using the Wynn as a big point of comparison).笑
A very pricey $50++ (along with a BIG sign that said  tips are NOT included in the price)  on Mother's Day for a sorry spread of tasteless food, tough beef , and crab claws with ICE STILL in them.  2 waiters were arguing at our table about who was going to serve the table.   That says enough, I think.笑
Wow, did we make a lot of folks upset by bypassing the line. We're a huge party of over 100 people and here we are skirting the line and getting the BEST service ever.  We were put into a seating area reserved just for us, Given drinks, including beer, sangria, margaritas... and the let loose on the buffet. 

It appears that the crab legs were everyone's favorite item, they were eating them like they were going out of style! The lamb tasted like roast beef to me, the prime rib was tough, but otherwise, everything tasted delicious, especially the dessert! The creme brulee was amazing.笑
When my boyfriend arrived in Vegas, we met up with our friends Audrey and Carlos around 1 PM excited to feast! The line was stupid long-- thank goodness I had my co-workers platinum gambler's card. We didn't have to wait in line! 

I suggest going really early like 10 AM or smack in the middle of the day at 3PM.

We paid $45 for 2 people for lunch which is really a good deal in comparison to other buffets.

Unfortunately, this is not one of my favorite places. It's not terrible, but there aren't many dishes I remember really enjoying.

I found myself making circles around the buffet to try to pick something I'd like to eat because not that many items seemed appetizing.

The items I enjoyed most were the marinara pasta (I like plain pasta), fried chicken, and the meat.

Sushi was not good.

Another bad thing I noticed was that the food wasn't really hot. Especially the meat, sometimes it was actually cold. 

As for dessert, I enjoyed the napoleon which is a 3 layer puff pastry with custard in the middle. I don't see many buffets them. 

Overall, service was fine, food was OK, but nothing spectacular.

If you think this is the best buffet, you haven't tried the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. It's $63 for 2 people, but worth every penny. I definitely suggest trying Wicked Spoon before claiming this place the best buffet spot.笑
Delicious food, and great selections.
Always looking forward to this buffet!!!

Wait is a bit long, but you can always take turns with your friends and gamble while you wait :) the meat selections are heavenly and never disappoints笑
The brunch is delicious!!! The pesto potatoes are a must. Many options to choose from. Our waitress Sylvia ( if i can remember right) was great. Very pleasant and accommodating for a party of 8.笑
A ripoff.  You are paying to eat at the Bellagio.  The food isn't worth the price and after paying $50 plus gratuity I would have thought that I wouldn't come away thinking that the best things I had were  the pretzel roll and coffee.  And I wouldn't have thought that ordering espresso would incur add'l cost.  The buffets at M and Paris are far better or if you leave the Strip, the Stations are a far better value.笑
Mlife cardholder + free points = No waiting in line, lots of people throwing shade at you.  Hah!

Foodies rejoice, this buffet has it all.  From seafood to red meat and fancy little bites in between, how can you not love this place?  Probably one of the nicer buffets on The Strip, if not the nicest!  Service is pretty speedy since I'm sure they want you in and out of there ASAP.  Come for the crab legs, the lobster, the lamb, the prime rib, and don't forget dessert!  

Bottomless mimosas on Saturday and $20 for a bottle of wine ain't too shabby.  Would I pay to come and eat here?  Maybe.  Bellagio is an extravagant place and they charge you for it for sure.  Will I enjoy it when it's free?  Of course!笑
Arrived around breakfast, line was fairly long. Didn't seem to take long to get through it. Service was above average, greeted by everyone. Waiter was at the table in no time to greet us as well, was also very quick to take away the dirty plates. Large selection, food was very fresh! Price seemed a little steep but its a buffet they run fairly higher. Overall we would probably visit it again!笑
I heard about how great the Bellagio buffet was so many times.  Well at least about how much food they had there so of course I had to try it.

We spent the $35 for dinner, got there around your typical dinner time on a Saturday night.  The wait was pretty short, about 15-20 min.  

Well my friends were right they had a TON of food.  And this was death to my stomach.  I kid you not, I sat here for over 2 hours eating and eating and eating.  Long after my bf stopped I was still going at it (hey I had to his $35 worth of food!)

I really liked the spicy tuna hand rolls!!!  The kobe beef was okay, I like some of their other meats better.  The soups and pastas were good too.  What I liked the best were the desserts!!!!!!!!!  They had so many and they all looked so pretty!  I took a giant bite of at least 8 different ones.  The chocolate covered strawberries weren't as good as they looked.  I don't think the strawberries were that fresh...in fact some of them tasted like they were starting to go bad =(

Also the crab legs were so salty and kind of tasted like nothing.  That was the biggest dissapointment beause I love crabs!

Overall the food was generally good and I had fun so 4 stars it is!笑
The dinner buffet is so bad, the only reason I came here was because my friends wanted to experience a buffet.  Ick.  It's so hard to make food taste delicious for thousands of people everyday, every meal.  Everything was bland, over cooked, soft, or mushy.  I only took a small bite to taste and what I didn't finish, just left on my plate.  What a waste of food.笑
This place is legendary! Sure the line is incredibly long, the price is kinda high but it's worth both. This might be the best buffet experience in Vegas. The quality is top-notch and comparable to most 3.5/4 star restaurants. 

I measure buffet places by the quality of their crab legs...this is one of the best. These are jumbos and not overly salty like some lower quality places. They have many, many different stations of food...if you have a sweet tooth this is the place to get your fix! 

I believe they close at 10pm...arriving any later than 8:30pm will probably not get you in. 


Check them out!笑
I am not a fan of buffets but the Bellagio's one is a stand out. The quality of the food is good compared to the others in town. The meat & crab legs were very good. A good tips is to enter close to 4pm pay lunch price and eat dinner which is served right at 4.笑
Now if I say Buffet at Bellagio everyone would assume that you will experience the finest in buffet experience you will ever have.  Well, sad to say I was totally wrong.  It's the one of the worst buffet I ever had in my life.  What I paid for was not worth the food they served.  

The crab legs are horrible (dry and not fresh), all of their sea food is horrible, I should  their teach their Executive how to cook seafood.  The steak is ok but the lamb ribs was  spoiled.  Can you imagine serving a whole rack of lamb ribs that is spoiled already.  

The only thing that was enjoyable was their Paella and dessert.  The rest are garbage!!!!  

Stay away from this place!  Don't be fooled by the name of Bellagio.笑
I'm starting this off with a Pro Tip:  Go in and pay for lunch, wait a lil for the dinner items to come around and bam, you're golden.  

My friends were already here when I stumbled in late, I even cut the line to pay so I could sit with them.  Food here is good, I would come back just for their crab legs and feast on just that.  But the meat quality really stands out here.  

So do arrive before and pay before 4:00pm so you may immediately jump into the dinner portion which cost about $10 more I believe.  Follow these tips and enjoy the buffet!笑
Our server, Te, was great! He was very attentive and courteous. The dinner buffet on Sundays has a seafood theme. It was very busy, the food presentation was not appealing, and people definitely come here to binge eat. Overall, it did not satisfy my buffet taste buds笑
To my surprise, it was the buffet that I liked the least. The quality of food was not there. The food was presented in a way it didn't make me want to eat it but I gave it a try anyway since I was already there and had paid for it. A lot of the food that I tried didn't taste good and it tasted more like canned or frozen food. The place smelled bad, not a inviting scent for sure and was not very clean. Even the dishes were dirty, the waiter had a hard time finding me a clean fork that wasn't stained with residues. What a shame.笑
Just HAD to try the Bellagio buffet.  The first buffet that came to mind when I thought of buffets lol.  

Our original plan was to come here for Thursday night dinner because it's only $29.99 then.  But we had Earl of Sandwich that day and were too full to gorge on a buffet.... so we came here on Friday instead... for the Gourmet Dinner ($36.99).  What's the difference between the gourmet dinner and regular dinner?  Crab legs? More meats?  Anywho, that was my first time trying fresh (..frosty) crab legs, and I still don't know how people eat whole PLATEFULS of this.  Yes it's the "best" value for a buffet (eating all the meats and seafood lol), but the crab was salty.  At least the lemon counters the salt!

Whoa... the prime rib was so goodddddddddd.

Made to order spicy tuna hand rolls.... they put so much tuna in it!  

If you have to choose between smoked salmon and salmon nigiri, choose the nigiri because the smoked salmon is unfortunately salty.

I felt so fancy eating here^^

Took advantage of the free drinks lol, sprite, water, coffee... 

We came here around 4pm on Friday and only waited around 40 minutes!!!  Not bad.

***Since I like Bellagio the best, this review gets 5 stars.  RARE!***笑
Came here for their New Years Eve serving which I'm guessing is different from other nights, but wow, I'm impressed.

Beef Wellington, lobster, king crab, Alaskan crab, sashimi, caviar, etc., I walked out of this place in pain since I couldn't stop eating.  Yeah the price was a little steep at $75 for a buffet, but what do you expect when you have lobster tails right?  

Oh yeah, don't forget about the dessert, flan, creme brulee...笑
Yum! We went to a few brunch places and this was definitely the best. The food is delicious and everything goes together. The sun dried tomato pasta was my great and the cheesecake was to die for. I would probably pay the $22 just for the cheesecake, it was that good. 

This place is pretty expensive and mimosas are not included.笑
I haven't been to the buffet at the Bellagio since 2000.  I have many fond memories of eating there 14+ years ago and thought it was time to go back.  What a mistake.

Most of the food is low quality.  None of the prep staff in the kitchen knew of the specific ingredients in any of the food (I have a few intolerances... corn, soy, etc.), and many of them couldn't even speak English so I had a hard time figuring out what I could eat.  This has never been an issue at places like Aria Buffet, Bacchanal Buffet, or Paris Buffet (all of which are exponentially better than the Bellagio).

I was so disappointed. This is the first time leaving a buffet hungry because I just couldn't risk eating food that I couldn't get ingredient info on.笑
This place was amazing. Probably the best buffet I have ever been to.. 

The seafood selection was excellent. King Crab legs, shrimp, mussels, scallops, they had everything. This is the place to go to eat high end quality food.

If you're going to eat chicken wings and pizza this is not the place. 

As soon as you step in, the aroma of seafood kinda takes over. Mind you, waiting in line for close to an hour, which kind sucks but my smart phone saved the day..

The Buffet is worth the money!!
 
Tip: Save room for dessert. I didn't, and repented.笑
I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars if I could. Came in for late lunch and waited in line for 25minutes. Food was decent, waiter was quick with drinks. What they failed to mentioned was that they stop bringing out new food after 2:30pm so after having paid already, we had a limited buffet selection.笑
This buffet was listed one of the top buffet in LV.  This can't compare to Wynn or Bucchanal interms of food.  Well it's cheaper here.  I was holding my plate going on my first round and hardly i could find anything to put on my plate.  Those food there aren't just appealing to me and not much of a choice.  Those cocktail shirmp are smaller compared with Bucchanal. Their crab are ok.  I thought there would be lamb rack here but not.   It's my first time trying here and it's going to be my last time.  Seems like lunch at Wicked Spoon is better.笑
For being one of the most expensive buffets on the strip, we were disappointed.  Although our table person was very attentive, the food was mediocre.  They had cooked and peeled shrimp, but it was tasteless.  The prime rib crust did not have any salt/pepper or other seasonings.  It was bland.  You had to ask for caesar salad at the salad bar.  The desert bar was the worst I've ever seen:  no pies, small pieces of carrot cake or chocolate mousse.  No gellato.  No ice cream.笑
By golly, if you are going to "blow the diet"...do it here!

My friend and I considered the dessert bar "dive worthy", but held ourselves in check because we had already over indulged in all the other bars....

Geez!  Some of this seafood I had never even heard of!  Sushi, prime rib, chicken, ribs, veggies, 3 or 4 DIFFERENT kinds of mashed potatoes, assorted breads, soups, salad bar, FRESH FRUIT and really too much to try to mention.

"Dive Worthy"  The state of being so luscious looking that you want to dive head first and through your body across something.    

The dessert bar was truly Dive Worthy!笑
Price is around $40/ person for dinner on weekends. Comparable quality to Wynn's. More choices here than the Wynn. 

*Prime rib is on point! Marbling with the right amount of fat. 
*Flank steak was so flavorful!
*Scalloped potatoes complimented the prime rib & flank steak perfectly
- Kobe beef was just whatever, sliced too thinly and tastes like roast beef. Skip it! 
- Sushi was whatever too. i tried a bit of their poke and it tasted like salmon mixed with siracha. 

A good amount of choices for desserts too. 

For nutella lovers, try the white chocolate nutella cone!
Chocolate covered strawberries were good too because the strawberries were sweet.笑
I'm not really a buffet person, but everyone says you have to go to a buffet in Vegas. I'm a foodie; buffets completely turn me off. Despite my reservations, this was my third trip to the strip and I decided to give it a shot. 

We were lucky enough to visit the buffet during Mothers Day weekend, so we had the holiday dinner option for about $50/person.  The dinner had some additional items that could have been special for the holiday, such as beef Wellington, snow and king crab legs, prime rib, etc. so keep that in mind as you read my review. 

The waitstaff were extremely hospitable. You don't have to get your own drinks here, they bring them for you. My refills were done before the liquid hit the bottom of the cup. I asked for coffee with my dessert and he brought me an entire pot. Unlimited alcoholic drink options were available for an additional $5 but honestly I wanted to save my calories for the expansive dessert table. 

The only item I was not impressed with was the paella. There was bits of sand in the mussels. However, the rest of my meal was epic. I won't gross you out with the details of my pig-out session, but the seafood was especially good and nothing ran out or emptied. The dessert table was phenomenal. The creme brûlée was just as good as a quality establishment.  

I had similar dishes at the buffet at The Mirage and was unimpressed. See my review of that one, if you like. If I could choose any buffet on the strip, it would be Bellagio.笑
Pretty good, for the price I think it fell a little short.  Paris and Spice are carrying the same price tag and are far superior.  It had most everything you would want.  The desserts are a 4.5 star for sure.  I would of liked to see thier take on a mac and cheese if any at all.  The self-servings of shepards pie were on point, however.  3.5 stars.  With better options lurking across on all corners, this time, i will round down.笑
Do not go on a SUNDAY if you're in a hurry. We waited in line forever and when you think you're at the front of the line you're not. Not at all. It wraps around and starts again. It is also way overrated.

The food is awesome though. You can pretty much eat anything you want here, and they have it. We stuffed ourselves silly.笑
Very delicious food and a good variety of it. 

The service is also very good (they keep the refills coming).

The desserts could improve a bit more. The bananas foster was just wrong.

Would gladly return to this buffet.笑
Headed there because they are popular despite pricy and on label day weekend. Variety of food but some wasn't good especially the steak. Glad they had crayfish. Lamb chop was delicious. Crab legs were split nicely to serve. Lots of dessert options. Overall just a buffet with massive type of food on normal plates with typical casino buffet service for a top price.笑
for the price of $35+, i'd opt for a fancy schmancy sit down restaurant any day. however, being one of the top rated buffets in vegas, it wad due time to try. we got there pretty late (around 9ish) and ended up staying till 11 (when we were politely asked to leave). 

a very wide selection of food from crab legs to lamb to swordfish and poke. lots to choose from. the chilled gulf shrimp was very large and very fresh. the crab legs tonight were on the salty side =( i'd have to say the salmon poke was by far the best item. on the dessert side, the macaroons were to die for. the sugar free fruit tart was also notable.

all in all a very well rounded buffet. service was prompt and attentive. it wasn't too crowded and the food was always ample. it's good to splurge and eat to your heart's content once in awhile.笑
Finally got a chance to go to the Bellagio Buffet since I been hearing rave reviews about the buffet at the Bellagio casino in Las Vegas.  Got to Vegas around mid day and went straight to the Bellagio, checked our bags and went straight to the buffet.  I heard that the buffet at the Bellagio was around $40, but for lunch it was $20.  Good price.  Got sat rather quickly and headed off to the buffet.  First noticed that it's setup in stations similar to the Rio.  All Italian food in one station, mexican food in another station, etc.  The carving station presented ham, some kind of stuffed chicken, some type of lamb, which looked great but I'm not a lamb person.  I got a small piece of ham and turkey.  Both were excellent.  The turkey very moist and the ham tasted like a honey ham.  Don't recall seeing beef in the carving section.  Had some type of ribs that were great.  I steered away from the just normal foods like the pizzas, pastas, mexican food and went looking for special foods.  I noticed they had cream cheese and lox but I think that may be staples in most high end buffets.  Since we got there a little early for lunch there was still breakfast there.  Grabbed a couple of pieces of bacon.  Bacon wasn't as tasty as the bacon at the Venetian.  Was excited to see they they were going to put out sushi at 12:00.  They put it out about 10 minutes early.  They only had cali type rolls but seemed to be made out of real crab versus fake crab.  and they had some veggie rolls.  Rice seemed a little mushy.   Asian area also had some spring rolls that I didn't care for at all.  One bite and I immediately placed the spring rolls on the trash plate.  Overall, I'm glad I tried the Bellagio buffet but probably won't go back unless it's a dinner buffet.笑
One of the better ones. Enjoyed the crab legs and shrimp. Not as good as the Cosmopolitian.笑
The only buffet I will eat at in Las Vegas!

I'm not a fan of buffets but I thought this one was good!  I liked that the different ethnic food station had their own chefs constantly plated hot food.笑
lamb osso bucco
flank steak
BBQ ribs
rack of lamb
California roll
wakame (Japanese seaweed salad)
cucumber salad
poke (2 types, Hawaiian raw fish salad)
crab legs
smoked salmon
unagi
pizza
shrimp
kobe beef

....that's all I could eat.  FANTASTIC!笑
I had the same and better buffet @ Bellagio 2 years ago. When I went back this time, the quality of food wasn't as great as last time. I would rather try some new place next time. The customer service was excellent !笑
I thought this buffet was so so. There were some things I liked and some things that were not so good. The fish was good, the flank steak had a good flavor but it was overcooked. The crab legs were cold, the desserts were good, the pesto mash was good, the yam mash was good, the raw poke was too spicy, the salmon was dry. The pork bun was over cooked. The price was $35.00/person being its a Thursday. The wait staff was nice. The line was super long we waited about 30 minutes in the members line which is the right line, the left line is for invited guest, make sure you are in the right line.笑
Fabulous service, amazing choices.  Second time to eat here and it was just as terrific as the first.  We arrived just before lunch ended so we were able to pay the lunch price for dinner choices.  Can't tell you how excited we were to try Kobe beef. Crab legs with melted butter, smoked salmon,  smoked trout were more choices we enjoyed. The dessert station had so many fresh made treats, my family was thrilled with the light perfectly flavorful cheesecake.  I truly enjoyed my creme brulee, the crackle of the sugar crust made me almost giddy.笑
*DD (date of dining): 12/28/15* 

When you're stuck in traffic for 7 hours and all the buffets close at 10 pm...and the wait time is from 1 hour to two hours long...we got lucky with The Buffet at the Bellagio!

Salad bar:
-Didn't even see a shadow at this station. Of course, they have your typical stuff but since it's definitely not the focus for anyone...let's move on.

Entree:
-The entrees were pretty divided between "east" and "west". Cha siu pork, broccolini (my personal favorite), bok choy, herb chicken, BBQ pork buns, siu mai?? Beef wellington, sirloin steak...I must say though, this buffet is catered to the Asian tourists. It didn't have a great variety of items- just large quantities of it. They do have a large variety of pastas, but they were not impressive. Nothing stood out for me besides the steak with killer horseradish. 

Soup:
-Jeez. Maybe because I'm a huge soup person, but this selection was really poor. Your standard chicken noodle, clam chowder, vegetable minestrone...They do have a section by the entrees that is prepared "per order" but that wasn't good either. It wasn't customized in any way- it was just poured out by a lady with two huge soup pots. 

Seafood:
-Though it was late at night, but they were keeping it coming with all the fresh seafood! Though the one everyone only grabs for is the snow crab...I was going for the cocktail shrimp.However...the salmon, tilapia and other fish were amazing. Not the cream of the crop, but stood out enough for me to keep going back for more. 

Dessert:
-Sad!. Though, I do enjoy their cobblers (but it's so messy). They turned off the ice cream machines pretty early, so all we had were flan, carrot cake, tiramisu and some other chocolate cakes. Wasn't impressed, but I do like they were in small portions so you could try everything. 

Sushi bar:
-Mehhhhh. The sushi was okay, nigiri was not bad but not too fresh looking. The rolls were falling apart so it did not seem like the sushi chef was putting his heart and soul into each roll. 

Pros:
-Seating is spacious. Lots of room (I guess not enough, if we still had to wait in line for 40 minutes)! 
-Great service. Our server kept coming over to make sure we were okay. We were brought tons of drinks to wash down our meal. 

Cons:
-Mediocre food. Nothing stood out, but nothing was terribly bad. Just not what I expected for paying $55 a person for dinner (holiday special price). 

For some reason food at a buffet just looks better on someone else's plate. Or maybe I'm just super greedy and expected more...regardless, it doesn't hurt to come here but if you can, definitely check out the other buffets first since they are the same price range.笑
If you are on a diet or are ready to totally pig out , this is the place to go! My husband and I make it a point to eat here on every visit to Vegas. There is an amazing selection of food, from salad to pasta to wild boar ribs to their amazing desserts. I love the selection of cheeses, breads, soups, salads and dressings. There is always something that I have never tried before and I have yet to eat something from this buffet that I didn't like. I'm not big on sushi, but I have to admit the sushi here is incredible. I love their pesto mashed potatoes. The chocolate desserts are heavenly. It's a clean buffet and the food does not run low. Their Sunday champagne brunch is the best I've ever had. It's a bit pricey but very much worth it.笑
If you are very hungry, try this buffet.  We were starving, just checked into the Hotel, and found this Buffet the answer to our stomach's prayers.We were seated at the Bar due to an opening, so did not have to wait for an hour.  The bar tender, Georgie was so fun, loved her job, and kept our glasses full.  The highlight for me was the bluenose fish with rice, and the shrimp sauteed with peppers, all in all delicious.  My husband, the carnivore, loved the beef wellington.  I was disappointed with the crab legs, too frozen.  I would recommend getting in line alittle early to beat the rush, or sit at the bar like we did.  Outstanding buffet!!笑
The absolute best buffet in town! Amazing fresh seafood- the crab is already pre-cracked and sliced down the center and extremely easy to get at. The dessert section alone deserved to be savored, as everything is FRESH and not stale or old or hard from sitting out. Great prime rib, great desserts, great service, very clean environment, a great place for dinner!笑
You can't go wrong with a myVegas comp!  Buy one get on free made this awesome buffet cheaper than our airport lunch in O'Hare. 

Overall, this buffet was great! Not Wynn great, but still awesome. I thought they could have done better with some of the items, but I'm really not complaining at all!  

Prime rib - excellent
Crab legs - amazing 
Sushi - just ok
Cheesecake was yummmmm笑
The question isn't should you go here.  The question is King or Snow crab?  Potatoes served five different ways, three pasta dishes, red curry and so called Kobe beef are just a few of the items you'll find in this spread.  They also have sushi which only consists of California and veggie rolls alongside questionable looking sashimi.  If you ignore the sushi table this place will prepare you for a night of drinking that should only be accomplished in Vegas.笑
After going to the Bachannal Buffet at Caesars this was kind of a let down. My kids felt the same way. I didn't like that their "kids price" only applied to 4 and under. Really? My daughters weren't the ones carting off trays of oysters and crab legs like it was time to stockpile bc the Zombie Apocalypse was coming. We had like maybe 8 legs between the four of us? They do steam them on request if you prefer heated. Every fish dish I tried was overcooked. The decor looked dated and I felt like I was in a hospital cafeteria. Good desserts though.笑
Went for Sunday brunch this last week. For two people it was about $64 with tax. I think normally lunch is around $23. Opted for the all you can drink option with sangria, mimosas, champagne and bloody Mary's among others for $13.  The buffet is way better than the Wynn buffet for lunch. Wynn cuts out waaayyy too many premium items for lunch at the price they charge.  Bellagio has great breakfast staples like made to order omelets, incredible eggs Benedict, French toast, pancakes and not paper thin bacon. Furthermore if you come around 11 they will set out the spicy tuna hand rolls. Yes I said hand rolls and also California rolls
and spring rolls.  Prime rib and turkey were also available along with an ample amount of vegetarian, Asian and dessert options. My standout was the vanilla eclair.  Highly recommend the bellagio for any lunch meal.笑
Wonderful buffet.  From eggs benedict to roast lamb and chicken wellington, the choices were plentiful, high end and tasty.

I also liked that they let you pay a reduced price if you didn't want champagne with your breakfast.  I did not like having to wait over a half hour in line, only to have a really unpleasant rich couple be allowed to skip ahead of us just as we got to the front.

Other than being treated as a second class citizen for not being a high-roller, the buffet was really enjoyable and we will be back.笑
Was staying @ the hotel and enjoyed the breakfast buffet.  It was excellent I was anticipating long lines. Just a few people for a Thursday morning.  The even to toasted by bagel @ pizza bar that was so nice.   Overall the selections are impressive.  I loved the pastries that the sizes are smaller.  Very tasty.笑
Terribly overpriced for the quality and setting.  We went for lunch and the staff was rude to the customers, seemed obviously unhappy with their jobs and the table was dirty, silverware smudged, poor food selection and most of the signs labeling the dish were incorrect.  The Wynn buffet is much better. Would not waste my money on this tired and unclean buffet.笑
Went for dinner on 10/24. Honestly I was quite disappointed. The food was mediocre at best (chicken tikka was tough, pasta overlooked, etc). I know it's a buffet, but others (Aria) are much better and at least the food is hot. 

The labeling of the beef at the carving station as "Kobe" was an insult to my intelligence!

At least the desserts were good. But spend your money elsewhere. Expensive and poor food is a bad combination.笑
OMG....me and my cousin came here once and I will tell you...addicted.....we drove one day all the way from LA to here JUST for the Food and came back that night....Great price for the food and excellent selection.笑
The food was delicious! So many options. All the food your heart could desire and desserts too!笑
The Bellagio Buffet did have a good selection of food, but unfortunately much of it was lukewarm (and thus not very enjoyable).

I'm a vegetarian, and there were quite a few options - marinara pasta, Mac & cheese, pizza, salad, mashed potatoes, broccolini, breads, desserts, etc. Unfortunately, of these the pastas and pizzas were all lukewarm and not very edible.

My husband is a meat eater and found the same with a few of the meats. But he loved the sushi, crab legs, and prime rib.

The redeeming parts of the buffet, though, were the service and desserts.

Our waiter was extremely unobtrusive while also keeping the plates cleared, drinks filled, and remaining pleasant and smiling. Big win there.

The desserts were also quite tasty. They had a few sugar free and gluten free options for special diets (win!), and also had some delectable carrot cake, fruit tarts, mini waffle cups with Nutella and white chocolate cream.

Overall, good desserts, service, and overall selection - I just wish they would improve the temperature of food.笑
WARNING Thanksgiving Brunch Diners. Only 18 of the 62 dishes that appear on the Bellagio Buffet Thanksgiving menu were served today at brunch. Huge disappointment this was our worst thanksgiving day meal ever. To make it worse, Items were not served hot & lacked flavor, wait staff was unsmiling at both table side and food stations. Save your money and the long wait. We had Campbell's tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches for dinner tonight & enjoyed it more.笑
I fortunately got the chance to come here for a 2nd time. It is quiet pricey, but totally worth your money. They have a huge selection of food and it's all quality made. I absolutely loved the ambience of the buffet as well. The service was okay, not bad but not the best. My favorite parts were the seafood and the desserts. The seafood was extremely fresh, and the desserts were some of the best desserts I've ever had. Overall the food was all extremely delicious and I would come again if I am ever in Vegas again.笑
The prime rib was amazing! They have cold crab but you can ask them to steam them for you. Our waiter Gilbert was awesome!笑
We just walked in the door from Vegas, and I have to do a 180 on my previous review.

I've eaten at the Bellagio buffet over a dozen times in the past, all werrre good.  But this trip, it was terrible.  I was in town on biz and took my boss.  

The shrimp was hard.  Not frozen, just hard.  2 kinds of sushi.  Empty pans and platters that were picked clean when we got there and never replenished for the hour we spent.  Theirslider burgers, which I like.. they had 4 trays of turkey depsite the signs that said "beef sliders".  I asked, "where are the beef ones?"  The man said they were all turkey.  I said I know, and pointed to the signs.  He said, "I'll take care of it sir".   2 minutes later I went back, 4 trays of OLD turkey sliders still there... and he removed the signs!   That was his solution.  Those same sliders were under the lights for an hour, no one was eating them.  Yet, there they stayed.

It was the worst buffet experience ever in Vegas.  My boss had the salmon, he said it tasted like nasty ham.

We mentioned this to the waitress.  She told us other people were complaining too.  I asked the manager for our money back.  She obliged.  That was that.

Yes I know anyone can have a bad day.  But the whole buffet was bad, except the carving station.  That was OK.  Would I return?  Unlikely I'd go through the effort to give it another shot.  A restaurant is like a house of cards.  Takes lots of cards to build it up, but only one to send it crashing down.笑
Went for the lunch buffet, $24/pp. Decent food, plenty of desserts. Glad they kept the price down by not including crab legs.笑
Short wait on a Sunday morning brunch.  Probably about 10 minutes.  Pay before you enter.  Nice selection of food.  Some decent vegetarian options.  A couple of carving stations.  Omelets, sushi, Asian, fruits, breads, American, Seafood, desserts, etc.  

All the food I ate was pretty good - I didn't send back any plates full of food.  I'm not really a hog-trough eater - but it was nice to a variety of food to choose from.  I would probably not go back, unless I was with someone that really wanted to go.  For that matter, I will probably not go back to a buffet in Vegas - or anywhere else.

Wait staff was great!  The desserts were great!笑
If you want a really great buffet go to the Wynn, this one is just ok. But if your already in the hotel and you don't really care then it is fine. There is just nothing very original about it. I went to the breakfast one so maybe the dinner is better.笑
What a let down. Bellagio buffet, SuperBowl Weekend, I thought they'd come with their best. They didn't! $80 something for me and my wife on Friday at 4pm. We heard about the long lines so we went early. Instead no line and went right in for the crab. I've had better crab at the Reno buffets... Oh slam! Crab was salty and not worth the price. Best part wasn't the prime rib or kobe beef or pasta for me it was the Taco station and that pretty much sums it up.

All hail Caesar cause that was a far better Buffet last time I went. Chocolate strawberries were the best part of the dessert selection but come on you can get those mailed to you and they're still good.

You've been warned save your money. 2 stars, only cause the food was edible but wasn't even close to Caesar's.笑
I was really looking forward to going to the buffet at the bellagio ever since seeing it on chow down countdown on travel channel. I had high expectations but was underwhelmed after the experience. The food was good but nothing super memorable. I say this and am harsh because for the price I was expecting way more. Maybe I shouldn't have had such high expectations? 
Pictures attached笑
I'm not typically a buffet person.  There's just something about people looking at the buffet like they've never seen food before that turns me off.  We were not staying at this hotel, someone in my party suggested this buffet for breakfast so we made the trip to the hotel (which I didn't mind because the gardens inside the Bellagio are gorgeous ... I highly recommend) We ordered the champagne breakfast buffet which is approximately $49.00. The buffet has everything you would expect. The made to order omelet bar was better than most. The champagne was bottomless. Our party stayed for approximately 3 hours as we were waiting for others to arrive. The servers were very attentive and our glasses were always filled. They never asked us to leave to make room for new guests and were always courteous, which I appreciated. First class service from this hotel as you would expect. Just remember to tip your servers笑
My husband and I just had our wedding ceremony at The Bellagio (beautiful) and chose to have our reception at The Bellagio Buffet.

As for the pre-planning, that was done with Tami M., the buffet Manager.   It ended up that we were not going to hit our minimum and she ended up coming up with a solution so that we got the most bang for our buck   ie adding linen table cloths, preparing a wedding cake, putting boxes of chocolates on the tables for each guest, adding one mixed drink to be included with the price of the buffet and putting flowers on all of the tables.

Everything was AWESOME!!!!    I don't even know where to start.   Once all of our guests were gathered in front of the restaurant, someone came out and walked us back to the room.  He was very friendly and made us feel like we were the first group (32 guests including my husband and I)  to ever come in there.  We were pleasantly surprised that  we were actually going to have a room, we thought it would just be an area in the restaurant that was sectioned off for us.  Loved it!


The service was outstanding, it seemed like there was one server for every couple of people and none of the guests had to wait for anything--the servers were literally waiting for us and started taking drink orders immediately.  My husband and I felt like royalty at our own, special, table with our own server--he was great and a good sport (some of my friends are a little crazy).   Every time my husband or I needed another drink, or anything for that matter, it seemed like he was right there waiting to serve us.   Guests are STILL talking about how good the food was and how the service was better than what they expected at a buffet.       We were actually in the space later than we were suppose to be, until about 10:45, our contract said we only had the room until 10:00 pm.   None of the waitstaff said a word.  
 

The cake was delicious, we weren't exactly sure on the timing as to when to cut it and by the time we did most of the guests had already gotten dessert from the buffet.  SO, we ended up having the bottom layer and the top layer to take back to our room.   

 Tami and her team  helped to contribute to our special day by providing an outstanding level of service and great attention to detail.   We didn't have to worry about anything and had an amazing evening with our family and friends.   I sincerely appreciate how well they took care of us!    It was better than I could have imagined and my husband and I will cherish that memory forever.笑
Winner! Winner! Prime rib dinner! The prime rib was all that was good at the Bellagio buffet. Dinner rates were around $48/person with soft drinks included so I was expecting a lot. Note to self, never expect too much or else you are in for a 3-star awakening. My dinner party was not too impressed either. One friend dusted off 4 plates full of snow-crab legs to get his money's worth while the other friend insisted that the pizza was extremely good. Okay, I get it! My recommendation sucked. But it beats the 280 minute wait at the Bacchanal Buffet... right? Anyone? ... just me?笑
Wir fanden das Buffett im Bellagio hervorragend. Die Qualität und die Auswahl der speisen lässt keine Wünsche übrig, sehr sauber.笑
One hell of a good buffet in las vegas! :)笑
Seriously the best buffet I've ever had. The dessert choices were a bit bland, but the rest of the food was so good that it's still 5 stars in my opinion.笑
Extremely disappointed!  The fish was tough, food was bland, expensive and definitely NOT worth it!!  Too many good choices on Vegas to come here!笑
Best buffet in Vegas in my opinion. If there is a long line sit at the bar usually there are seats available.笑
Great service and big selection. The vegetables and meat selection were great. The dessert bar was awesome.笑
Food is ok, lots of selection. Just a way pricey for its quality on a Labor Day. Should have been more special. Dessert bar isn't what i expected.. Crab legs was wayyy frozen and salty.笑
This buffet is a step up compare to Wynn's buffet! Bellagio has the beautiful desserts and different selections of food like Wynn but it is more delicious! Make Bellagio your last buffet in Vegas! Because you know what they say, save the best for last. And this is definitely the best ever! :)笑
I struggled with either comparing my experience at the Bellagio Buffet with all other buffets, or comparing it to all dining choices possible. While this is one of the best buffets I've been to, that still doesn't mean much. 

I tried to be careful to not have Kogi-syndrome and automatically praise the champagne brunch in an attempt to justify the outrageous wait time (although I recognize some people really do like Kogi on its own merits [Geneva W.!]). I grabbed a plate and started to do a lap around the course before settling on any given item. After walking for about 15 seconds I realized I had already reached the end of the line. I was happy to have been able to add another thing to my list of "ways to break my heart in under 30 seconds."

While the dessert station was good, it in no way made up for the fact that the only item worth my time was the prime rib. As if to mock me, the au jus was placed in an area nowhere near the meat station and was subsequently discovered on my walk out. 

Since The Buffet at Bellagio is often referred to as one of the best, if not the best, buffet in town, I'll be skipping on the buffet lines on my next trip to Sin City.笑
I was starving for almost 16hrs and then had to wait for 2hrs in the line for the buffet lunch. By the time we got to counter, it was 5min past 3pm and then they charged ~50$ for dinner instead of 36$ for lunch.  And then  when i went inside to eat, found that there was not much options for vegetarians.  My advice is , if you are a vegetarian dont go here.笑
aprox 2 hr wait for dinner.
$32 including tax.
large for variety of menu options.
divious entrée items - snow crab, king crab, prime rib, kobe beef.
definitely worth the wait.笑
Always delicious at the Bellagio Buffet! The prime rib was really good, and the desserts were amazing! Wasn't too happy about the king crab leg line.. It was ridiculous. You wait in a long line, pick your crab legs, then wait for the staff to heat up or steam the crabs one plate at a time. I decided not to wait a half hour for that and just get cold snow crab legs.笑
Oh Bellagio Buffet, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. The Bellagio Buffet has been a staple for every trip my famiy has taken to Las Vegas. It simply does not disappoint. The ingredients are of the best quality and everything tastes brilliant. During holidays the wait time can be incredibly long - one to even three hours wait! But is it worth it? Absolutely! I was here for a holiday dinner last December and the buffet had a salad and sushi station with made to order salads and fresh sushi. Carving stations include turkey, beef wellington, prime rib, kobe beef and lamb. All of the meats were well seasoned, juicy, tender and melt in your mouth good. The pizza was AMAZING - I've tried my fair share of buffet pizza and their's definitely does not scrimp on quality or taste. There is also a variety of Asian and Italian dishes, soups, and sides galore. And then there's dessert - oh dessert - so YUM. I tried a little bit of everything and definitely enjoyed the bread pudding, bananas foster and the nutella cones. Come, take your time, eat, savor, leave full and happy.笑
Last week I had guests in town so we came here. Generally we are not huge fans of buffets but the Bellagio is famous for being on the classier end as far as hotels on the strip go so we thought if any buffet would be nice this would be the one. We were excited.

First, before we even made it into the buffet we had an a confrontation with an older woman because she tried to cut us & the family behind us in the line. When we got there the line was formed in a straight line & the barrier had not been put up yet because there just weren't that many people. After waiting in a straight line for quite some time, a mob of people came in through the side line up & the a woman & her husband got very aggressive with us & tried to cut us & the large family behind us by claiming that "the line starts here." We had already been waiting there for 20 minutes before she had come so of course we did not allow her to cut, fair is fair, however I feel like the hotel could do a better job organizing the lines & monitoring the crowd because when people are hungry they start to act like animals. Anyway that was a minor thing our biggest issue was the staff once we were inside.

Our waiter was a man who acted like he was clinically depressed. He did not smile, he looked angry, he came by to ask us if we needed refills & such but he seemed very reluctant to do so. I really don't expect servers to be extremely upbeat or kiss my behind or anything but this guy just seemed like he was over his job already. We were afraid to ask him for service because he was not an approachable person. He was a really tall, older man & I thought maybe he was just tired but when I saw that he was smiling for the table next to us I was in shock. We are a real quiet bunch so I didn't understand why this was happening. 

If the scary attitude wasn't bad enough this same waiter was flirting & kissing another waitress right next to my table while I was trying to enjoy my food. Our table was right next to the entrance to the back busser room where all the waiters would come in & out of. Literally less then a foot away from my seat, these two servers were touching & feeling each other. I was surprised that they were out in the open like that & no one said anything about it. I am not a prude but seriously, I'm trying to eat, can you do that on your own time?

The service was appalling considering this is a 5 star hotel (or at least I thought it was?) & the free show with the wait staff was something I could have done without. 

We came for lunch & the food was mostly leftover breakfast foods. There were no sushi rolls at all which we were looking forward too. We weren't sure why we paid for lunch when majority of the food was leftover breakfast items. We came in towards 2:30 P.M. which is near the end of the lunch service so I didn't understand why there were still eggs Benedict, sausages, & scrambled eggs. The green beans were in a section labeled as strawberry sauce (obviously from breakfast). Basically no one is doing their job. There are tons of buffets on the strip, I think I will check out Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo or the Wynn Buffet & hope for a better experience in the future instead of coming back here. Seems like even if you go to a upper scale hotel quality has really come down.笑
At $22 for breakfast The Buffet @ Bellagio only costs $2 more than the other lesser buffets on the strip.  Still a Very good Buffet.  Fresh foods.  Breakfast included all the standards and a good variety of fruit. There were 2 omelette/egg stations and the buffet also included lunch items like pizza or roast beef. We thought they were lacking on desserts options mainly just pastries for breakfast with only one gluten free chocolate cake and one raspberry chocolate mousse.  We waited was just 15 minutes at 9 am on a Thursday.  

For a buffet I recommend this one.笑
Good food! But service SUCKS! No local discount and the old man cashier that took be was anger not very friendly. If you don't like like your job go home!!!!!!!! Never going to come back and told all my friends not to come here! Will never recommend anyone to come here! Your wasting you money with bad service.笑
We got in line like at 3 pm, it was a Saturday and it was busy. I paid $30 per 
person not bad,its the Bellagio! There its variety of different kinds of foods. First you will find all Italian food obviously, all kinds of pasta. 
Second you will find few items of American food,and third you'll find some Chinese food and japanese food. I opted for American and Japanese food. Baby Ribs with mashed potatoes and some veggies were delicious to start. Then i went to the Sushi section,i took a few california rolls and sea weed salad.

Dessert was fabulous...i didn't know where to start.Too many choices to pick from.
There was cheese cake,chocolate cake,brownies,some italian breads,ice cream,
cookies.

I truly recommend this place if you want to try some different cuisines at the same time.笑
There is reason this is the most popular Sunday brunch in Vegas,   Do not let the long line intimidate you, it moves fast.笑
FABULOUS!  What a tremendous selection - - the shrimp were absolutely heavenly.  As were the desserts.  And the sushi, and the pesto mashed potatoes, and the asparagus, OMG, and everything else.笑
Save yourself money and time by going to the Rio instead. The Rio's about half the price and the line outside moves quicker. This buffet was a massive let down. I'm a local and brought my mom there for birthday. $32 per person is fine when the food is good. Not the case. Servers were great but nothing could save the food :(笑
I was at this buffet this past weekend for MLK weekend. I have to say, success! My girlfriends and I went around 2:30pm. We took our time eating  and eventually stayed until the dinner items came out at 4pm. Yes, we ate a lot. But we also ate really slow since the night before of course was filled with a little too much alcohol! They have a pesto mashed potatoes which is so good! They had rack of lamb and whole rotisierre chicken. When dinner items came out they of course have alaskan king crab legs and snow crab legs. The chicken noodle soup was perfect after a night of drinking. They also has Ostrich. I tried it out because I figured I'd never eat it anywhere else. Not bad. Tastes normal. The servers were friendly. There is a full bar in there. Their sushi selection wasn't the best.笑
Although we were in waiting line for about 1 hour because of holiday, diversity of food was good. And my favorite section was dessert.笑
Went for brunch/lunch with my family... We opted for the Bellagio over the Wynn based on the reviews. We arrived at 1100 and finally got through the long line around 1200. I was pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness, huge variety of the food, and drinks. There is a little bit of everything from meats, pastas, seafood, salads, pizzas, breads, fruits, breakfast items (omlet station, pancakes/waffles, warm maple syrup, thick slabs of bacon, red potatoes, and sausage-SO YUMMY!!!!) and desserts!!! Champage/mimosas were optional for a small extra charge and the orange juice tasted like it was freshly squeezed. My favorites were the large cocktail shrimp, prime rib, ham, turkey, sea bass/salmon, coos coos, sushi, eggs bennidict, and the best cherry danishes that I've ever had!!!! The fresh fruit was amazingly sweet and ripe especially the strawberries, cantaloupe, and watermelon. The waitress was attentive and checked on our table often. We tried everything and I wasn't disappointed with anything. My daughter is 8 and can be a picky eater, but even she was in  pure heavan with the selections. For 3 people we spent $98.00 and it was worth every penny!!! We'll defiantly be back!笑
Buffets are really hard to judge. One day, it could be great another day, it could just be okay or even bad and I really think it could be just the times you go. Ths is my first time eating at the Bellagio buffet and even though it cost more than other buffets I usually eat at, I give it five stars. 

Their selections were great and have foods I haven't seen at other buffets or tasted such as a made to order creamy seafood sauce with veggies to your liking poured inside a puff pastry bowl (I don't remember the actual name but it starts with Vul). I usually go to the buffets for King crab legs, however, this time, the prime rib and the creamy seafood pastry entree are definitely the stars.

Their desserts are beautifully prepared and very tasty. By the time dessert comes, I always want to eat more but my belly told me stop.

Everything I tried was just yummy and I am definitely coming back for more.笑
I really enjoyed eating at this buffet. It has a very upscale feel to it. Lots of good choices to choose from. Desserts aren't too shabby either. I'll come back here soon.笑
People have been saying that the buffet isn't what it used to be.... But this was my first time so I thought it was pretty good!!

Even at 8pm on a sunday night there was a 1 hour wait!! $30 pp for dinner

Prime rib was yummy! Loved the ahi & salmon poke, steamed seabass was surprisingly moist & flavorful, enjoyed the salad station, go for the crab legs & shrimp cocktail! Ppl mentioned the pesto mashed potatoes & they were indeed enjoyable as well as the creamed spinach. Fresh fruits!

As far as dessert the tiramisu, Creme brûlée, & cheesecake weren't amazing but good for buffet standards!

NOTE : if you're just getting in at the last hour of dinner before closing GET FOOD AS FAST AS POSSIBLE, they stop refilling things toward the end笑
I was not impressed with the selection of food during the Brunch buffet on Saturday. I must have tried the regular lunch or dinner buffet.4 stars just for the desserts, they were worth the 30$ :-)笑
$30 for lunch buffet, best buffet in town~~~笑
Paid 103.80 for two people and was asked to move tables for another party coming in while my girlfriend and I were eating our meal.  Was pretty disappointed in the way we were treated.  Told the manager what happened and he asked if I had a receipt.  I told him yes.  Then he told me that he would speak to the woman that disrespected us.  We had an amazing time the four nights we stayed in Vegas.  This was our only poor experience.  I go to the Vegas buffets for the seafood and crab legs.  These crab legs were by far the worst.  They were barely defrosted, ice cold and water logged.  Very disappointed overall. Go to the ceasars buffet. The food is way better and their employees treat you as guests.  Imagine having a plate full of food and a host asking you if you would grab your plate and drinks and move to another table.  Think about how rude that is in the "service" industry.笑
Came here for Sunday brunch with my honey and must say this had to be the largest array of food ever for a buffet.. It had EVERYTHING from breakfast to dinner choices.. It was perfectly priced and I about a touch of everything from sushi to shrimp to lamb to beef! I was so stuffed

will i bet back.. heck yea!!

only minus was the line is HORRENDOUSLY long.. should have more tables or expand the buffet seating..笑
I think this is the best buffet on the strip. In vegas we went here twice.

The key is to get in line about 30 minutes maybe even 45 before breakfast ends, that way you get the food switch out :)

The desserts are AAHHHmazing, and the eggs benedict are so yum!

I didnt hesitate to get dessert first then go back for some breakfast/ lunch!笑
If you are going to do a breakfast buffet in Vegas, and if your in Vegas you should do it once (at least) this is the one. Everything on this buffet line is more like non-buffet quality. All of the food was very fresh and well prepared, with choices galore ( 4 fresh cut meats, including fresh cut bacon). 

We will certainly return to this buffet at Bellagio.笑
Very delicious meal so much variety to pick from. Came for brunch cost only $39.00.
Had prime rib, lamb, turkey and so many sides all delicious. An abundance of desserts to choose from. It is a must try if your in town.笑
Perhaps it was a case of it being the first buffet I can remember having in Vegas or perhaps it was just a good day, but the Bellagio Buffet was a trip well worth the wait and the price.  (To note, I had the Sunday brunch for $29.95 with unlimited champagne).

After getting seated at a table and paying, you are greeted by a waiter that gives you drinks of all sorts.  Afterwards, the variety of food is wonderful.  From seafood to breakfast items to noodles to meat, nearly every item at the buffet seemed to have a great taste in mind behind it and was just a joy to eat.  The unlimited succulent shrimp was delicious and the bowtie noodles with fettuccine sauce and chicken were superb.  Add to that the banana hazelnut french toast and the great desserts (sugar-less cheescake was wonderful), I had a hard time leaving. 

Admittedly, the Asian cuisine was not up to par at all whether it was the oddly flavored shrimp spring rolls or the bland sushi and there was some other bland dishes, but the variety and the taste were great.  

The line is long; for non-Bellagio residents, the Sunday Brunch wait for me was about an hour.  Bellagio guests had first priority.

So yes, I am a Las Vegas newbie; but as an introduction to buffet life at Vegas, life seems pretty good.笑
This is among the best buffets in Las Vegas, and is my new favorite.  The selection and quality of food here is amazing!!!  Definitely a must-do if you're in the area!!笑
Beef Wellington, all you can drink (for an additional $12 per person), Kobe beef, amazing sushi, creative and delicious desserts, piles of King crab legs so high you can't see over them, paella that's better than we've had in Mexico, and tons and tons of other options that were all SPECTACULAR... Even the lo mein was something to write home about. Only thing I can think of that wasn't amazing was the long wait but hey good things come to those who wait! (And I would do it over again any day to have that food again!)笑
I've never experienced a dinner buffet which comes anywhere close to Bellgio's.  We even tried the Wynn's the other day to compare and it's not even close.  The variety and quality at the Bellgio buffet is like no other.笑
Went there for dinner last night. Standing in line for 30 minutes to get food is not my idea of a good meal. Dirty utensils with cheap plastic glasses used over and over, the same type used at much cheaper buffets. The spread is vast but again quality and quantity never go together. Food taste was average. The final bummer is the price. $200 for a family of 2 adults and 2 kids under 6 years of age - expensive? Rip-off is more like it.笑
Effing awesome! Worth the wait in line if you have friends to eff around with.

Go hungry so you can eat all of the seafood. Many different kinds of fish to choose from.

Been to a couple different buffets in Vegas and this one has been the best so far.

Been here twice for the champagne brunch and they are really good about refilling your glass.笑
definitely the best dinner buffet in vegas!  i always come here everytime im in vegas.  the food is top quality and u can taste it in every bite!  only bad side is the liquor isnt included in the buffet lol.  i was there last week with my brother and his wife, after taxes it was about $50/person.  it was worth every penny!笑
I normally love this buffet but DON'T GO ON HOLIDAYS! It costs more but the food isn't as good as any regular weekend brunch. This has happened several times. I went Easter weekend and it was NOT all that, especially the prime rib. Overcooked and the server was rude. Same happened at Xmas. We went the Saturday before and it was excellent and then we went back on Xmas and it was horrible. The previous Xmas the same thing. Only good thing I noticed this time is that now you can pay the extra for the unlimited champagne any time, any day. Xmas 2011 I waited in line for 4 hours, past the 3:00 cut-off for champagne but just in time for the higher dinner price and lousy food. And no one said at the end of the line the expected wait time. Save this buffet for a regular day.笑
I'm being generous by giving out three stars.

Environment:
The buffet is located through the casino (of course) and right near the guest elevators. You have to wait in (a longggg) line and then they shuttle you off to a table. Like any other buffet, you sit down, order drinks, and move towards the plates. Yet, on this special day, as I sat down, I immediately felt sticky goo on my legs. Why would I feel this, you ask? Oh, only because there was SYRUP ALL OVER MY CHAIR! When I stood up, my dress was sticking to the chair and my legs were covered in goo. Disgusting. The waiter/bus boy simply handed me a wet towel (am I supposed to wipe down the chair myself?) and told me he would send over a manager. I peeled myself off the chair, of course the syrup all over my dress, and had to go back to my room and change. LUCKILY, I was staying at the Bellagio. What if I hadn't been staying there? Would I have to take a taxi with syrup all over me? After changing and coming back to the buffet, thirty minutes had already passed, and I had tickets to a show in less than an hour. Therefore, my $40 dinner was clearly not going to be worth it for me; who spends less than an hour at a buffet?? Did they refund me my dinner? No. They just offered to dry clean my dress.

Food:
The food is OKAY. The prime rib was juicy and tender, but they were stingy with the end cuts, the horseradish was not very spicy, and their au jus was too salty. The turkey was dry and only good because of their cranberry sauce that I poured over the meat (their cranberry sauce is good but could use more cloves/orange peel). The pesto mashed potatoes were my favorite, but I realized I was just filling up on carbs and had to save room for bigger and better things. The crab legs had lemon already squeezed on them - don't they realize not everyone likes lemon on their crab? The crab did not taste that fresh to me...a bit too fishy and not like the sea. Perhaps the lemon was to hide the non-freshness...? I tried their pesto chicken pasta and it was WAY too salty! I couldn't have more than one bite. The sweet potato puree had too much orange juice/flavoring or whatever they add. The sushi was definitely NOT fresh and probably only deserves one or two stars (please compare to A'Float Sushi). The salmon sushi was dry (how can raw fish be dry? how long was it sitting there?) and tasted like old sushi. Same goes for the albacore sushi. The only good thing from their raw fish/"Asian" section was the salmon poke not because the salmon quality was good (although it was better than the sushi's) but because the sauce was good. The dessert was the best part because they have a nice selection of sweet treats. The key lime was good, but the carrot cake was disappointing (too dry!).

Why three stars?
Overall, the food at the Bellagio buffet is decent: the prime rib deserves five stars but their sushi only deserves one star. The service was crappy, but I feel like that is the overall experience at the Bellagio (the guest service wasn't that great at the Bellagio, but that's another review).笑
Horrible experience! And when I asked to speak to the manager to complain, he was very rude and unhelpful. False advertising on their website.  I definitely expected more from such a nice hotel.笑
Disclaimer: I hate buffets but married someone who dreams of them.
Heard this one was a not your typical buffet and worth the money. Went during our stay at the Bellagio. Waited in line for dinner around 6, for over an hour! I wouldn't of mind the wait, however, to me it wasn't worth it.
Remove the things I hated- screaming children, people rushing to get food because they thought it would be gone ahhhhh, the freeforall lines, and generic options buffets typically offer... it wasnt anything different than any other buffet offers. 
They had crab legs, king & snow and some prime rib... but the salad bar was chinsy & the dessert was the most disappointing I've ever expirienced. For $100, nah.笑
Food was stale. It tasted bad. Not many options. Service was pathetic, 10 of us wanted to sit together and they did not join our table. Also, dinner is very pricey. I would never go here again.笑
For context, I normally do not like buffets. And AYCE offerings have never really been a selling point to me, either. All else being equal, I don't even like having a meal in the same hotel I'm staying at. My natural inclination is to get out a bit.

Yet with all of these preconceived strikes against it - at least in terms of my personal preferences - I still loved the brunch at the Bellagio's buffet. 

Good orange juice. Good omelette station. Attentive service. The only legitimate downside was the steep holiday weekend surcharge: over $30 per person for brunch during Labor Day weekend.笑
If you can make reservations for the Chef Table, I highly recommend it. It is worth the extra money to have the chef personally serve the 4 course meal at your table. Appetizers. salad, Prime Rib, and fondue for dessert. We didn't even touch the food at the regular buffet. Randy, the manager was very accommodating, and the chef was very personable.笑
If I had reviewed this buffet the first time we went, which was a few years ago, I would have easily given it 4 or even 5 stars . Still had happy memories of the panzanella salad, the tapenade on crostini, Kobe Beef Wellington, and Rosebud's crushing disappointment that the tray of chocolate macarons disappeared immediately and was never replaced, but was made up for with really exceptional little crème brulees. 

Sadly, none of these items were available this trip. I realize you takes your chances with  a buffet menu, especially when you wait so long between visits. (And speaking of waiting so long, the line was surprisingly lengthy for our mid-afternoon arrival, but I suppose we were not the only cheapos who figured on paying the lunch price just before they switched over to dinner. We were successful by a nose, and managed to save about $14 each. This eased the pain a little bit).

They did have a little individual salad station; Caesar was ok but nothing special. Crab leg were served cold, which is fine by me, especially when I saw the eye roll another diner got when he asked the line cook to have his heated. Not one interesting item at the bread station - guess they want you to fill up on the expensive stuff, so we did.

The prime rib was like butta, and the brisket was also pretty tasty. They were carving a large roast of what was labeled Wagyu beef. Now, I am of the understanding that this particular meat draws its signature tenderness from a pampered life of massage and  a high carb diet. I think the guy they carved up for this one had been sneaking off to the gym to work out at night. It didn't save his life, but he put up a great battle against my knife. 

They had a pretty decent variety of desserts, but not the macarons. At least. that's we thought at first. Turned out they had some they were "going to put out later". In other words: when the place was full of full-price dinner patrons. But, they did spring loose with them, but they were raspberry and therefore a disappointment. Also, they broke out some pretty tasty chicken masala when we were too full to enjoy it.

So, it's pretty much like most buffets in that you can find more than enough items that you like to put you in physical distress, but it's not as good as it used to be.笑
I just got from vegas. The last time I ate at the Bellagio Buffet about 7 years ago, I recall a better experience. Simple from one item, the king crab legs. The crab legs just seemed so water logged this past week. 
Everything else was pretty good. Yet, I probably only found about 10% of the stuff worthy of my palate.  Oddly, my favorite item was the cheesy bread sticks! I ate a million of them! 
The miso soup was too salty.
The sushi bar was good for non sushi items... like the raw tuna salad thing (all meat) or the steak tartar. I didn't bother with the sushi rolls.
The pesto mashed potatoes was amazing. 
Cleaned gulf shrimp were very good.

Overall opinion... too much random non-good stuff, but worth eating at笑
Eh, I dunno what all the fuss is about. This place is ok - I rather do brunch at Paris buffet (which I think is the best buffet in Vegas).  I've been here a couple time and nothing was outstanding - just a little fancier than your Home Town Buffet. I guess if your agenda is to eat as much king crab leg and prime rib as you can, regardless of taste, texture, then this is the place to do it! 

I'd pick Bellagio over Wynn buffet cuz at least Bellagio has a good selection of fresh fruit vs Wynn's fruit-in-syrup crap. Oh yea, I remember Bellagio had chocolate covered strawberries.笑
I agree, back in the day this place is like nothing I've ever seen and absolutely crazy good.  Now, it's just a little different, or maybe that's the problem.  Vegas has changed and changed again, but this buffet not so much.  HOWEVER, I still think it's the best buffet of all, wynn sucks!  Ususally I don't eat the king crab at other buffets, but at bellagio it tasted really good.  On weekends, there are sea urchins that are for decoration and to eat once you get the chef to cut it open for you.  I think they give you half.  Oh I need to be in Vegas..笑
someone once told me that the wynn is better than the bellagio. WELL THAT PERSON LIED TO ME. i've tried both and i think bellagio just has better quality food and the atmosphere is nicer too.

after a night of clubbing and being hung over the entire day and perhaps still drunk, making my way to the bellagio buffet is something i always look forward to. you pay first, and i usually come here around 4:30 and pay for lunch and stay til dinner when they bring out the crab legs and other dinner dishes (i'm asian..). the first time i came here, i had the best waitress. she hyped up the orange juice! her exact words were "we have the best orange juice, all hand squeeze, with no additional water or sugar added!" what a sweet chinese lady! so of course, we all got glasses of orange juice and she wasn't lying! the orange juice was the best!

the dishes i love getting here:

1. steak
2. sushi/sashimi
3. smoked salmon
4. CREME BRULEE (i can eat 5 of these)

i definitely think it's a must-go buffet in vegas, and i guess the wynn isn't bad, but i personally prefer bellagio.笑
Omggggg it's just as good as the Caesars palace buffet but cheaper. They may not have as much food but they have meat, chicken, seafood, sushi, poke, Italian, Mexican, French foods oh and the crab legs!!! Be sure to get them steamed!!!! It's $40 for adults. It was delicious. There was a line but since went like at 9, it wasn't as bad I hear. Only had to wait 20 mins笑
Pros: smoked salmon, braised beef ribs, dessert
Cons: king crab was lacking, prime rib was rubbery and didn't have much flavor, sushi was average and lacked selection笑
We went around lunch time on a Saturday, but I didn't think this buffet was all that great.  There was nothing wrong with the food, but there was also nothing spectacular.  I far prefer the Rio which has multiple international stations and a ton of desserts.  I'm not sure this buffet would be worth the long line笑
We must have walked in at the perfect time because we had no wait  (was a late lunch).  Overall buffet was good, lots of options, and I particularly liked the Japanese offerings (sushi rolls, various seaweed salads).  My husband really liked the sliders and some of the other meat options.  I can only given 3 starts since my husband got sick later on and we think that was due to the shrimp (of which he tried one and knew something wasn't right).  I would go again, although would not be my first option.  Dining room is pretty uninspired as well, not an interesting space.笑
This buffet is one of my favorite place to go in Vegas. The food is great, I've not been disappointed. When I was here early this year, our original server was doing great, but she had to leave forwards the end of our meal. The server that took over for her was horrible! we always had to flag her down if we need a refill on our drinks or even to have her clear our plates. Give this place a try!笑
Best buffet ever (food-wise) ..... However I cannot give it a perfect score because it is quite pricey for a buffet.

It's even more expensive on Sunday (brunch) , so the $$ add up fast when u go with the family.

Overall it's a place you must try atleast once (for sheer selection and taste) but there are better choices (bang-for-your-buck places) out there.笑
still, by far, the best quality food on the strip for buffets! for the price, most restaurants can not compete in quality. bar setting within the space is a nice touch--no one else has that.  service is average; nothing bad, but what do you expect from a buffet?  decor should be on par with the cuisine; seems very outdated, and bland for Bellagio; and what it represents.  even though it IS a buffet, WHERE it is at, should warrant a dress code.  it is not circus circus.笑
Hands down, the best buffet in Las Vegas. I don't care what anyone says, this place is amazing. 

Pricey. Yes. $34.00 per person for dinner, but its a buffet! That means, eat until you cant eat anymore! You know? Gluttony: its the American way! 

They were able to accommodate our party of 40 after the wedding. It took about 45 minutes at peak dinner time, but everyone was seated together and happy. That's worth 5 stars all on its own. But the food....... ohhhh the food. I started with a mountain of KING crab legs... no snow crab here, my friends! The next plate I got was an array of foods including: ostrich, Kobe beef, sushi, shrimp, different salads and pastas, etc. The display was incredibly impressive.笑
I get the impression that everyone who books a stay at the Bellagio gets the free $80 credit at The Buffet.  I do realize that people will put up with a lot for something that's free, too.  But the lines just to get in are enormous.  

However, we got there early for breakfast, because we too had the fr.ee credit to use and wanted to see what the fuss was about.  Free food in Vegas, after all. That never happens.  It opens at 730 and we arrived very shortly after.  There were maybe 10 other families already there eating, but the place is massive so it's not like we could really see any of them.  

To be seated you have to speak to a rather crass gal first, and pay your bill.  We were pleasantly surprised that our daughter (6 years old) was free, but I'm not certain that she should've been.  After paying, we had to wait to be seated.  It seemed to take a long time considering the place was basically empty and their reasoning was that they were trying to "find a table."  

The buffet itself is gigantic.  We didn't even see all of it.  It appears as though all food is offered all day. So if you want pizza or pasta and cake for breakfast, you got it! We stuck with the breakfast foods (because it's breakfast!!) but just about everything imaginable was available.  And it all tasted ok.  Nothing stood out as a "Holy cow this is amazing" food, but we ate what we had.

Am I glad we went? Sure!  Free food is good.  Would I go again?  If it's free, I might.  But I likely wouldn't pay the $20 per person.笑
Bellagio buffet is very nice and has great service, except they sometimes pick up my plate a little too quick. I'll turn away just for a second and bam its gone! but anyways, the food isnt all that bad, less variety than other places that ive been. I feel like some of the things they have are a little random, itll be like a strange chicken and noodle ive never heard of. Not sure if thats a good thing or not, I like that theyre different but at the same time i didnt find any very appealing. 

The lines seem to be always very long for this buffet, however it does seem to pretty quickly. We were told it would be about an hour, but after waiting it out was only about 30 mins.笑
Yep, still five. I gotta agree with Jack F., this one definitely stretched the breadbox. I had to take it in sections and still didn't make it all the way through. I did almost die though, but thanks to our comfy booth, I could lay down while I recouped. Yeah, we came on the weekend this time, so we paid $37 with taxes, but I'll tell you what, this was not a buffet. More like gourmet sampling. 
     My first plate included, Beef Wellington, Prime Rib, Rack of Lamb, and Pan Seared Venison, among other things. The lamb was amazing as was the wellington. The prime rib was underseasoned, but cooked well, while I needed a band-aid for the venison as it wouldn't stop bleeding. It was not seasoned well, and I think bambi was still fighting for his last breath, because he seemed to be pulsating a bit. 
     Bambi aside, i also tried three different versions of veal, all of which were very good, if a bit light on the seasoning. The raw fish was where it was at. The salmon and ahi pokes were amazing! They also had a delicious spicy tuna handroll. As for the cooked fish, the swordfish was alright, while the chilean seabass melts in your mouth, not in your hand. Why would you have it in your hand anyway, this belong in your mouth. Or better yet, in my belly...all of it. Get in my belly! The Italian offerings were pedestrian, but good. 
     The dessert was pretty good as well with offerings ranging from delicious creme brulee to peach cobler, bread pudding, delicious bananas foster, and a meh flan. The service kinda sucked, but we weren't waiting for them. We were too busy stuffing ourselves retarded. they deserve all five desipte the price, but it you come on the week days you only pay $27. Not sure how the other meals are, but I know that they are cheaper.笑
This review is specifically in regards to the rude hostess and manager at the Bellagio buffet working the breakfast shift on Friday 9/18/2015 between 9am-9:30am.  I took my mom and aunt here and stood in the MLife line as I have an MLife card.  We waited roughly 15 mins and when we got to the front noticed the hostess was telling people they were in the wrong line and they had to turn back around.  She was very irate and raised her voice saying we needed to read the sign.
The party in front of me, my party, and 3 parties behind us all held MLife sapphire cards, which apparently is NOT  accepted in the MLife line (wtf).  The couple behind us left rather than waiting in the other line as by then it was quite long.  I told the hostess that the sign is very confusing, which is why we were all in the wrong line.  First off, the card pics are quite small, not illuminated, whereas the word "MLife" are big and that's the first thing people notice.  

If 50% of your patrons are standing in the wrong line, perhaps it's not their fault, perhaps you need to change your sign.  I've dined at the Aria buffet and not once did I encounter MLife tier preference for dining.  

The manager was even worse, completely dismissive even after I told her my mom has diabetes and we had already waited our turn.  

I've dined at the Bellagio buffet before and the food was alright; but having experienced such rude, unprofessional, distasteful treatment, I refuse to ever visit here again.  I'd rather go elsewhere and be treated like a customer, instead of being scolded like a pauper.  

Advice to management -  Retrain your team, re-do your signs, and have work staff guiding people at the entrance rather than turning them away at the hostess stand.  

Your service is abhorrent and I wouldn't be surprised if your business started suffering due to poor customer service.笑
Great food and decent service. Now the food carried its weight for the four stars but the design feels like a coffee shop, service shouldn't be expected (drinks), and the price is just ridiculous for what I get. That is why I lowered this place to a 3 star review. Don't worry I probably won't return, because there is so many great restaurants in this city.笑
at first the buffet looked beaUtiful.  of course it better BE for that price. the food was delecious.  baked chicken, pizza, and pasta yum.  i guess we got there very late because the dessert was drying up and tasted stale.  i don't think my husband and i had the correct stomachs for all the rich food, so we ended up getting sick.

overall it was ok, the rio "carnival buffet"  was the best.  to bad we went our last day.  can't wait to go again!!!!!!笑
I loved this place! I wanted to stay for my entire trip!  The only issue was they had upped the price for Mother's day, so it was 100 dollars for 2 people. We did eat our money's worth!  The sushi was great, the Beef wellington was fantastic and it was hard to choose which of the many desserts to indulge on.  The wait staff we had was fantastic and even made me chocolate milk!笑
Why the Bellagio Buffet is better than they Wynn Buffet.

Though the Bellagio Buffet does not have fancy things like duck or goose liver pate and the such what they do make they make good. Nothing is sitting there too long, nothing is dry (poultry included!) everything is just delicious. 

I never realized that the Bellagio & Wynn had a secret Buffet stand off if you will and I've even lived in Vegas..it took a lot of talking to people to figure that out. So I decided to try both on my recent weekend there.

The desserts at the Bellagio are creative without being too much and absolutely delicious. I have a picture of it floating around somewhere on this computer..

The food was great, I was pleased with everything I got, again nothing to dry or chewy.

Over all I would go here again, and again, and again...as a matter of fact I wouldn't mind if the Bellagio Buffet transfered to my apartment in NYC...I can deal with the crowds...笑
Came to Vegas last Sunday and thought we would try the buffet at the bellagio, because of all the great reviews. 

We came for lunch and there was a real long line, but we got in it and to my surprise it moved pretty quickly. Little pricier than I remember from the past, but I thought whatever everything goes up now a days. We get in get seated. Waiter was nice and very attentive. Refills were quick, plates gone quick. 

Food was decent in my book. Honestly nothing worth the price paid, but hey were in vegas right? 


Sushi - soso tasted as if it sat around for a day or so. 
Breakfast - honestly you can't go wrong with it
Italian - pasta didn't have much taste. Had to throw alot of parmesian on it. 
Desserts - pretty good cant complain there. 

Overall I would probably come back if the wife made me, but honestly think there are better buffets.笑
Had lunch here the other day and it was ok. Not worth the $22 price tag, imo, but we had a comp, so for free it was fine.

I had high expectations because of reviews and the fact that it is Bellagio, so maybe I just expected too much. 

Break down:

Mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious, lol,

Salmon was good

Fried rice was very dried out (and we were there right at the start of lunch) 

Sliders were very rare

Potato salad had super strong mustard seed seasonings (not my thing)

Pizza was fine

Cheesecake desserts were yummy

Pumpkin pie was not

To me it didn't seem much better than a $10-$12 buffet, but you are paying twice that amount. I think Caesars buffet is a thousand times better and in the same price range. I wouldn't go again, unless it was a comp.笑
great food, too bad it was so expensive -_- $40 dollars???? But again, the food was great. I loved their corn chowder, their selection of desserts are wonderful.... mmm chocolate covered strawberries and apricot mousse. **side note their chocolate covered strawberries go fast, so u kind of have to hover until they refill haha but they use GOOD CHOCOLATE... We went to eat at 4pm which was just in time, we waited in line for only 15-20 min RIGHT before the dinner line, after we finished the line was insane, it wrapped around and out along the casino.... so glad we went early笑
Bit Disappointed; a lot of their food was either a bit too salty or bland or oily. The buffet is overrated... did not even bother trying the desserts. Not a huge fan of buffets to start out with because their quality always disappoints but I would rather much pay $10 extra for the Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's for much much better quality, presentation, ambiance and variety.笑
Spectacular! Though you will inevitably have to wait in a bit of a line to get a table, and have to spend at least $20 per person for lunch and $29 for dinner, it is so worth it! The wait staff is attentive and polite, the interior warm and classy, and the food abundant and of high quality. We enjoyed food such as sushi (both with and without fish), cheeses, olives, and breads, pizzas, a dozen varieties of fish and a dozen more of meat and poultry at carving stations, fruit, pastas, salads, soups, and tons of desserts: cheesecakes, brownies, tiramisu, moose, and an assortment of sugar-free desserts and ice creams. Worth every penny - we were so full we didn't even need dinner later that day! This place is very family - even if there are Keno boards all over the walls! A must visit! 
Go to the Buffet at the Bellagio if: You love QUALITY food; you have $20 to spare for lunch; you are in Vegas!
Don't go to the Buffet at the Bellagio if: You are on a tight budget, or if you are indecisive!笑
Totally worth it.

King crab legs, sushi, poke, prime rib, lamb, ribs, pasta, dessert, and on and on. All high quality to me. Good table service with drinks & clearing plates, etc.

Go early around 6pm to avoid a HUGE line...笑
I went to this restaurant with a girlfriend of mine on a sat night, our first restaurant on a vegas trip. 

When we first arrived the restaurant had a very long line, we waited approximately 30 minutes to get in. it was both a sat night, and what they considered a holiday. which means the price was also much higher, was near 70 after tax before tips per person. 

This buffet had some variety of choices. but not as much as i expected for a premium buffet.  The buffet definitely had some highlights, including the King Crab leg, which was very fresh and had a sweet natural taste to them. It was huge, and definitely worth the money. 

There were of course a lot of options to pick from in terms of barbeque meat. some of the best i experienced was the bbq lamb leg, and quail.  there were not a lot of seafood options. just basic choices like cocktail shrimp. 

the dessert was average, however non alcohol drinks are included, like fresh squeezed orange juice. 

The service at the buffet was efficient

definitely i would recommend to a friend, however i would suggest to not go during weekends or holiday periods.笑
It's been years since I've been to the Bellagio buffet. Probably would have been years more, except my buddy invited me to eat dinner on him. I try to avoid buffets, because I always overeat, but Bellagio's is different. They have wagyu beef and sushi. While it's not five star restaurant quality, it beats a lot of other buffets in town. Bellagio's buffet is a bit dated now since Cosmopolitan opened theirs and then Caesars upped the ante. But Bellagio is still a top 5 Vegas buffet.

Oh, and apparently there's a $13.99 all you can drink special with draft beers, bloody marys, sparkling wines, and more. That's a pretty good deal vs. buying drinks individually!笑
This was my third time eating at the buffet; I have eaten here previously for breakfast and dinner. My party and I went to the buffet tonight (a Wednesday night) around 5:45, and we were surprised to see a substantial line formed outside the restaurant. I called earlier in the day, and I was told lines didn't start forming until around 6:30. 

When we paid for the buffet, we were surprised that 8 year olds were charged the same price as adults (there is no kids' price; diners 4+up all pay $29.95). We got our seats at 6:25.

I surveyed the buffet quickly before getting food. It seems that the selection and quality of the food has declined since the last times I ate here. 

The Japanese food station:
-I loved the seaweed salad, the udon salad, and the california roll
-The salmon and tuna poke were mediocre. The fish was good, but there was way too much sauce on it
-The beef tartar was not good

The salad station:
-For most of the prepared salads, you have to ask someone behind the counter to give you some, which I didn't really like. There were some salads you could grab yourself. One was a corn couscous salad that was delicious.
-For the make-your-own-salad, the selection was pretty standard

Seafood:
-Crab legs were fresh and refreshing; the best part is you don't have to crack them open yourself!
-The shrimp was also fine
-The salmon was overcooked
-Chilean seabass was the big winner of the night!! It was so flavorful and tender; it melted in my mouth
-Steamed mussels were delicious

Meat:
-The only meat I tried from a carving station was the pork tenderloin, which was too dry
-The sausages were pretty standard

Random sides:
-Sweet potatoes were amazing
-Read cabbage was one of my favorite things of the night
-I also really enjoyed the risotto and German pasta
-Sauteed cabbage and honey glazed carrots were both solid dishes

Dessert:
-I got the last cookie of the night (I don't know why they didn't bake more) - it was a normal cookie
-The bread pudding was good, as was the carrot cake

I had a nice meal here, but I'm not sure I'd come back.笑
I stayed at the Bellagio during the first week of November and I thought I would write a review of their Buffet since it is probably one of the best things about the Bellagio. Now keep in mind that I have been vacationing in Vegas for more than 20+ years so I am very picky about my buffets. I also am a seafood lover so that is the main reason for me going to a buffet while in Vegas and paying $30+. The line here is long (even for breakfast) but if you have their player's card you can go straight to the front. Also, if you don't mind eating at the counter you can go straight to the front. Even at 9 in the morning on a Sunday they have their seafood out (bluefin tune, salmon, bass,shrimp, crablegs,etc). I got the made to order ommelette (w/crab) and then stuffed myself with the bluefiin tuna, salmon and bass (delicious!). Had some watermelon for dessert! If you don't like seafood then I would suggest not waiting in line or paying the extra $$$ to eat their buffet and spend the same $$$ in their coffee shop!笑
An all-around average buffet that didn't seem to live up to Bellagio standards.  Older location with fewer choices compared to other Vegas buffets.  Not sure I would pay the $40...but Bellagio does have room deals that come with complimentary buffets....笑
With all the hype, we came expecting good quality food. There was plenty of food but quality was all average. Nothing stood out but I enjoyed the creme brûlée only. I am trying to to see if there is any memorable dish but there was NONE.  I will not recommend this place.笑
This place is INCREDIBLE...for 30$ even for dinner buffet, you can't beat it...

Great quality food and great selection

The ONLY bad thing is that it is just so damn popular. even on a tues night you can wait an hour easy just to be seated...so get there early!


Everything from fresh crab legs, sushi dishes, mahi mahi, ahi, Thai food, Southern cooking, Seafood is very fresh, Mexican, Italian. and the Desserts! so many dessert options very very good. if it were 40 dollars i would pay it...love this BUFFET! i only wish i had 3 stomachs笑
If I could give  this review 10 I would! Both times I've eaten at the Bellagio Buffet have been for Brunch. The first time was amazing but the second blew my mind into a different galaxy. Let me tell you why!

For five bucks extra you can indulge in the unlimited champagne during Brunch. Last memorial day me and about 30 of my old college friends decided to reserve three tables and let the champagne makes us even more ridiculous.

Champagne aside they serve fillet Mignon for breakfast! I find it very difficult to find Eggs Benedict at a regular breakfast joint but the Bellagio Brunch will make you cry tears of joy. They have crab legs and buckets upon buckets of shrimp. The desserts are rich and plentiful as well as the exotic fruit .The service was great and we stayed until they served sushi for Lunch. 

The only downpart was when the manager cut me and the remaining 6 friends off and would not allow us to drink any more.

I've made plans to go again and will be ready to feast away!笑
I sampled a number of dishes at the luncheon buffet including shrimp cocktail, a spinach salad with goat cheese, skirt steak, Chinese broccoli, sweet potato mash, a bbq rib, and 3 desserts.  Everything was fresh looking, but each dish seemed to be aimed more at not offending than titillating anyone's taste buds.笑
mmmm, what ever happened to the Bellagio Buffet dinner? It definitely has gone downhill. Not only was the food just mediocre, the decor was gloomy as well. I've been to the Wynn Buffet before and it not only had great food, the atmosphere was bright and welcoming as well.  The only good thing about Bellagio's buffet was the desserts: cream puffs, creme brulee, strawberry tart...all very yummy.  I don't eat meat, so I can't speak for most of the main dishes, but the sushi was bland and most dishes were unmemorable. I did enjoy the seaweed salad, but I think that's store bought.

Next time I'll be heading to the Wynn buffet for sure, even if it's pricier.笑
Please...

Just.... 

Just do yourself a favor and come to this buffet for brunch. It's so. good. If you are in Vegas, and you need a big meal to fill you up for the day, for the love of food COME TO THIS BUFFET! 

We went Sunday morning around 11:30ish and the line was crazy long. But if you take turns gambling on the nearby slots while you wait, it's not so bad. Just make sure you still have money to pay for the buffet, because it's pricey. FOR SURE make sure you have an extra $5 (that's right, FIVE DOLLARS) to make it a champagne brunch. You'll get the choice of both breakfast and lunch, so if you take your time, you can really have two meals while you're there.

Nothing is more American than a buffet. Especially this buffet, where you can get breakfast AND lunch AND dessert. So load up that plate full of things you'll take 2 bites of, and live that American dream!

--

Tip: I think if you sign up for their "M Life" club or something like that, you can avoid the super long line. Wish we would have figured that out earlier.笑
Excellent selection of seafood, meats, breads/cheeses and everything else. The deserts are divine! However, I found sushi to be rather mediocre. But than again, you don't really go for a quality sushi to a buffet. 
Crab legs were sliced in half, so you don't have to crack them. The shrimps are already peeled. 
Overall - great experience. 
Definitely recommend it.笑
The sign reads, Saturday and Sunday brunch with champagne 43.99.  When seated I asked for champagne, was told it was an additional 16.99. I tried to complain but no one seemed to care. Overall not worth the money.笑
I was a bit disappointed with the buffet being that it was at the Bellagio. The selection of food was smaller than I had expected. The atmosphere was nice however I think there are much better buffets on the strip for the same price.笑
Came to the buffet at 10a on a weekday. Wait was about 25 min. No prime rib or steak at the carving station as it was breakfast. Pancakes were great, had a crispness on the outside and very moist on the inside and really flavorful. Nothing other than the pancakes stood out food wise during breakfast and around 10:40, they start prepping for lunch. So a lot of stuff gets pulled and your appetite dies down by the time lunch is served. Lunch did have skirt steak (very good) and BBQ ribs (over sauced but tender), but most of the breakfast items stayed. Server was very attentive and friendly and kept our drinks full. Cashier was kinda rude and snappy when we asked about how much it was for bottomless mimosas ($15 extra). Overall Bellagio buffet is kinda overrated. Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal Buffet are definitely better笑
I came here around brunch time and everything I piled on my plate was deeelicious. The pancakes and bacon were great. The fruit was fresh and sweet. Unfortunately, I got full before I made my second rounds. :(笑
MUCH BETTER.   :)

My husband and I enjoyed lunch here on a Thursday afternoon, and were happy to have a much more pleasant experience with the food and the service than when we visited during the month prior.

The servers and hostesses seemed less confused and disorganized from the moment we walked up, however, they were not very friendly and seemed to not care about much personal interaction with the guests as we waited in line.

I had several of the sushi items and a hearty salad from the salad bar, and everything was fresh and delicious.  The Salmon and crab roll was particularly tasty, and the tuna sushi was also very good.  My husband had a few slices of prime rib that he said were very tender and perfect to make into a mini-sandwich with some of the plentiful bread options.  We also were happy with the service we received, which was much more attentive and friendlier than we had experienced prior.  

The one issue we had was the when you order a mimosa they bring you the champagne (sparkling wine, really), and the orange juice separately.  I recommend serving mimosas without this presentation, and it does not bode well for cleanliness or guest enjoyment.  

We will consider dining here again on an upcoming Vegas trip, and were happy to see the food & service here back on par with what people come to expect of a dining establishment at the Bellagio.  Cheers!笑
For $30 a person for their dinner, you really can't beat those prices with the amount of food selection they offer. Go early or the wait is long笑
Came here with a party of 8. If you don't have a reservation of some sorts you'll have to wait a bit (30minutes?) to get in. 
Overall we got into a HUGE room. You'd think service would be slow but they have got attentive waiters always there for their customers so props to them. 

We got there during the dinner "rush hour" (long lines, awkwardly standing  in line while breathing down the other person's neck and glaring at those who cut in front for one dish). But dang, the food was awesome. And their selection was far out. I think I tried some new never before had food there such as quail and ostrich (?!). Quality of the food was very good, dessert was good as well. Expensive. But it's Vegas. And it's the Bellagio.笑
I came here after reading all the reviews. My sister and friend wanted to try it. I gave it a shot and I must say i wont be back. It wasn't what I expected. Food was okay nothing great. I guess you have to be a seafood lover. The pastas weren't so good and the pizzas were lame. The only good thing I had was a delicious chocolate strawberry!笑
While not my absolute favorite buffet in Vegas (The Rio and Harrah's buffets are still my favorites), I found the food here very delicious.  On top of your usual Vegas buffet food (crab legs, shrimp, a wide variety of ethnic Asian, Mexican and Italian foods), there is also an eclectic mix of other types of food I've never eaten before - they served roasted quail the day I went.
The quality of the food was pretty good.  We went there for lunch on the first day of my friend's big bachelorette party weekend, and neither we nor the bachelorette herself were disappointed by the choice of foods.  
Definitely try the crab legs and stuff your faces with the rest, though I would recommend rationing your portions, as you'll fill up quicker than you think.笑
Very bland dishes throughout. turkey slice dry. Beef little taste. Spicy tuna handroll good.笑
If you've already read my review for the Buffet at the Wynn, then I'll make this short. The Bellagio Buffet has essentially become a staple of my visit to Vegas and seems to satisfy my every need and wants when it comes to a buffet like this. I made reference to my choice between The Buffet at the Wynn and The Buffet at the Bellagio, each is a win-win situation, but i definitely believe you win more at the Bellagio buffet. If this were the pepsi coke challenge, Bellagio is my coke...in a tall glass with ice...on a hot summer day. If you find yourself in this dilemma, the inability to choose between the Wynn or Bellagio (especially first timers), best advice I got is to try both and find out what you like better.

The gist: 

PROS: Everything a buffet should have

CONS: Lines could get long,especially on holidays. So go early, and ride the lunch time into dinner. Especially useful if you're ballin' on a budget. Prices here are also not in everyones budget.笑
I would give this buffet a 3 to 4 stars depending on when you eat it. If it's a primetime or busy holiday, the prices on this buffet go up. I would say most of the time I would rate this buffet with 4 stars as I'm usually happy with the overall experience.

It is a buffet but the food is usually high quality, and I don't think I ever been disappointed with the food itself. Just sometimes the prices can be a little high.

Good enough for me to come back again and sometimes crave whenever I have a buffet craving.笑
All you can eat has several different meanings to me. It can mean, all you can stand to eat. It can mean, all you dare to eat. It can mean, all you dare to stand to eat. Or it can mean The Buffet at Bellagio. Which means, Mona is loading up and taking no prisoners. And we are talking some serious eating here.

Smoke a joint first. I don't kid. You may want to work on expanding your belly capacity. Again, I don't kid. This is some world class excess. And nothing surpasses it.

To those in line for the fruit and the salads? Ha! I laugh in your general direction. When you have a tray of crab legs in eye shot and you chose kiwi instead? That is some lame ass shit my friend. The seafood is always impeccable. And delicious. 

Turkey dinner? With all the fixings? Why not? Lamb chops? Bring 'em. And it just keeps coming. I out ate my boss. And he's a big boy. As I made my way back for the sixth plate he just giggled. And I did appreciate the lovely waiter saying, "I don't know where you put it honey." 

Do NOT pass up the whipped cream dessert items. Now please excuse me while I wipe the drool off my shirt.笑
The wait is not as bad as it used to be. The food is always fresh. I like that when I have them make me a spicy tuna handroll, I can ask for little or no rice. They serve the crab legs here over ice, but you can have them heat it up for you. There's always a decent variety of desserts. I would say that this place did get booted from one of my favorite buffet spots ever since Bacchanal opened. I would stick to only going here for dinner because the lunch selection is pretty limited. Servers are always great. I can't say the same about the front of house staff.

During one of our visits in June '12. I rolled up in a group of 10, and the rude hostess (her name was Marlene) was annoyed that we had a line pass to bypass the line. I was staying at MGM that time and they somehow accidently deleted my card on file during check-in so I had issues charging to the room, which rude Marlene started taunting me about and talking shit. Yes, I may look young and we may have looked like broke punkass kids, but fuck you bitch! I quickly shut her up when I just decided to pay the entire bill in cash. It was brought to the attention of a manager, but there was no follow-up so I'm not sure if rude Marlene was reprimanded or not.笑
Date of Visit: 1/17/11

Reason: because i was fridgen hungry!!! 

Wow factor: the Ahi and Salmon poke! Made me feel closer to home.

What did I have?

1. Ahi and Salmon Poke: it was good considering we were 6,000 miles away from home.  It is comparable to a typical shoyu poke without the onions and had a little more spice to it.

2. Prime Rib: the first buffet that actually gives you a true slice of prime rib...i'm not sure how many ounces it was but the piece they gave me was huge!!!  It was nice and moist and my favorite part about it was that it had a good amount of fat to it. =)

3. Alaskan King Crab legs and Snow Crab legs:  i suggest you just eat the King Crab legs because they are larger and have more meat in it.  They are all already half cut so they are easy to eat.  Don't forget to grab a bowl of hot butter.

4. Shrimp cocktail:  i always end up getting too much shrimp because they look sooo good.  

5. Mussels:  not sure what kind of mussels but it was cooked in some type of red sauce which was pretty good.  If you could just add pasta to it, it would make a good mussell pasta.

6. Steamed Sea Bass: if you're a fan of bass, this would be a good dish for you because it's steamed to the finest texture.

7. Special Roll Sushi: It's just a vegetable roll wrapped with Ahi (Tuna) on top of it.  I would call it a poor man's rainbow sushi.  Good enough for a buffet.

8.  Ahi and Salmon roll: there are your normal strip of ahi and salmon on top of rice.  Remember to grab some wasabi and soy sauce.

9. Desserts: can't remember what I tried, but they had a wide variety of desserts.  I always end up getting the vanilla ice cream topped with nuts and caramel and fudge sauce...mmmmmmhmmmmm

There were a lot more dishes that I didn't name here that were available, the full menu should be available on the Bellagio website.

The plus that I liked about this buffet was that before paying for the buffet, the waitresses allow you to enter the buffet area to check out the food before you pay.  

Hope this helps and Enjoy!!!笑
NO NO NO NO NO, this is what my distended stomach has been screaming ever since I went to this buffet tonight. I get it, you greedy piggy bastards, you like quantity over quality, but how can you stuff your face like this? 
I agree when it comes to buffets, it's nicer quality than most, but I still don't get the appeal. Personally, I'd rather have a nice, good quality meal of a decent size, maybe even with leftovers.
As for vegetarian options? Forget it! The rice, risotto, & many of the other items you would expect to be safe have chicken stock in them. We went here thinking I could get vegetables & side dishes, but my options were very limited. The 2nd star is for the chef who showed me what I could eat, even though he wouldn't listen when I said seafood is not vegetarian.
After this meal, we decided we will never go to a buffet again. It's been 5 hours since I ate there & I'm still hurting!笑
Pretty weak for the price compared to Bacchanal just next door.  We went to Bacchanal a few days ago and it is night and day compared to this dump.  Everything from service to food to atmosphere don't compare.  If it was half the price it might be worth it but unless you stay in the hotel and get the buffet for free don't come here.笑
I'm not usually a frequent buffet goer, but this is probably the best buffet I have been to. The wait to get inside wasn't too long when I went for and early dinner (~20 min), but it's understandable why they would take their time letting people in even though there are tables available. The buffet area isn't too large and if every table is full of people, it would be chaos. 

The food I enjoyed the most was the seafood. In a quick summary: the sea bass (YUM!), smoked salmon, and crab legs (YUM!!!). The mussels were a bit sandy and the sushi wasn't that good either, but it made up for it by having some delicious desserts. The creme brulee was to die for, so creamy and with a hint of coffee flavor, and the raspberry chocolate mousse cone had a wonderful surprise on the bottom of the cone. Definitely worth trying every single dessert, they're all petit sized so yes it is possible and no one will judge. Also the watermelon was ridiculously red, I couldn't resist eating a whole bunch of slices!

The waiters were nice and pretty quick, but our waiter definitely got a little bit confused with the drinks. We ordered a ginger ale, coke, and iced tea. The first time he brought the ginger ale, coke, and a sprite; second time he brought a ginger ale, sprite, and iced tea, very weird. Not that picky so it didn't really matter too much.

the buffet is a def must when in vegas笑
Well people I have officially given up on buffets.  It seems the only difference from casino to casino is simply the price.  I have a theory that you can only cook so much food at one time before it begins to taste bland and watered down.  To say I was not a fan would be an understatement.  Besides the roasted quail and a few deserts this buffet straight up sucked.  If you are visiting Vegas and have a strong desire to do the whole strip buffet thing I would highly recommend the Wynn buffet it was the only buffet I could say I sincerely enjoyed, and with it being around the same price I hope you would make the right decision.笑
Very good buffet.  I would recommend the weekend brunch if you're there on a weekend.  We had their regular lunch on a Friday and although they're selection was still good, the brunch seemed like they had more.  What I had this time that was different the sliders, very good.  
What I like about this particular buffet is the quality and taste of the food, better than most that I've been to in LV.笑
I just returned from my 4th Vegas trip 6 hours ago.  In Vegas, buffets are a must and sure bet.  At the Bellagio buffet, I would have to say that the peeled jumbo shrimp was a highlight for me as well as the smoked salmon.  This buffet is one of the more pricey ones ($20-$40 depending on when you go) but definitely worth it.  Definitely get there early since the lines will be long.笑
Went to this buffet during their transition from breakfast to lunch. The breakfast selection was about the same as other buffets but the quality was second to none. The lunch selection was so versatile and the make your own sushi station was a great touch. I wish I would have saved room to try the high end deserts. All the buffet employees were friendly and helpful.笑
I will just add to the long list of other reviewers.  I loved it.  I can not say that I have ever loved a buffet before, but Bellagio makes an exception.  This is more of a restaurant that you can walk around and get as much and whatever you wish.  

I recommend the bottomless mimosas and get there at 10:30am so that you can enjoy the breakfast and lunch options.

When I go back to Vegas, I will be going back to The Buffet at Bellagio.笑
Each time we visited Vegas, We came here to eat the dinner buffet...but we are more disappointed than the last time.  Less and less choices....笑
Yum lots one lots of good quality food
Holiday brunch
Omelette s and prime rib for me
Hash brown potatoes yes
Perfect
A whole bunch of other stuff too
On plate 2 now
Desert and coffees to go笑
I had made a point to visit all the casino buffets that had decent reviews, and this was the last one.  We got in line around 3:15 on Sunday, and finally got seated around 3:40, just in time for the end of Brunch.  The food was decent, I really love the prime rib, turkey, one of the pastas, and pizzas, but the rest of it was pretty mediocre.笑
It sucks!  Way overrated, if you want a quality buffet, make your way over to The Buffet at the Wynn.  Why are they all called "The Buffet" anyway?笑
Very confused how this buffet has such high reviews and is on many Vegas top 10 lists.  There was nothing that I had any desire to back for seconds for.  Sushi was so fishy it was practically inedible.  Chinese chicken on a stick was dry and pad Thai was bland.  Prime rib was average, nothing to write home about.  Seafood (crab legs and shrimp) was served cold and was of poor quality and fishy.  Italian was just pasta with cheap sauce.  Nothing made to order (such as Italian or sushi) as you would usually find at these types of buffets.

This was one of the few things I wanted to check off of my list while in Vegas. I guess I am just slightly confused and disappointed that one of the highest end hotels and presumably high end buffets could serve such poor quality food.  I figured such an establishment would have some sort of quality control team that tasted the food they were serving but I stand corrected.  I expected it to be expensive (which is fine because it's Vegas) but if this buffet was free I would not go back.笑
The 4-star rating is purely as compared to other buffets not as a comparative to a "real" restaurant. 

After having been a good boy for months, I sucumbed to the temptation or rather the convenience of dining buffet style. 

As far as buffets go, The Bellagio buffet is pretty good - although since it is food on an assembly line the taste is not as good as a sit down restaurant. 

The buffet features the ubiquitous shrimp that are found at even the cheapest buffets and also some crab.
Other than that, the fare includes: american, italian, chinese and japanese dishes. The Bellagio is a little lite on the vegetarian fare - but I guess they will eventually catch up to the current trend.   

The desserts are quite extensive, although none were outstanding (comparable to most upperscale hotel sunday brunches).

Probably one of the better ones in Vegas.笑
$50 for frozen crab legs. I mean, it was honestly crab-flavored ice in a shell. The melted dipping butter was even lukewarm. 

The saving grace actually was the pizza. They had 5 different pies and the crust was tasty and the cheese was a good melty consistency. BUT I don't want to pay $50 for pizza. The prime rib was good, the ginger glazed carrots were phenomenal, the macaroni and cheese was watery. The dessert selection was just okay -- the typical cheesecakes and colored squares of mystery. I had a sundae (in case you were wondering).

All of the food just seemed mediocre. And that makes me sad. Maybe I'm not made for buffets because I always expect fresher food.笑
Food has gone down. Rumor is their budget was cut so quality has suffered for some time now. I use to come here often but I'm moving on to another "Go To" Vegas buffet.笑
Sure the food is great, that part deserves 5 stars. I gave 3 stars because if you have a party of 8+ you HAVE to pay an 18% gratuity. That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard of at a buffet. YOU SERVE YOURSELF. The only thing served to you are the drinks. Why am I paying a giant tip to serve myself??? The buffet is already expensive enough.笑
This place used to be great, but with newer buffets like Wicked Spoon and Bachannal I don't think this one is as good anymore.

They do have crab legs, etc but there's always a huge line.  The variety was lacking compared to some of the newer buffets.

I do like the caviar / poke / sushi area as well as the desserts though.  

My son loved the creamed spinach here so that was a plus :)笑
Completely OVERRATED!
I couldn't be more disappointed. 
They don't provide shell crackers for the crab legs. I had to fish out what little crab there was inside by hand.  The pasta was watered down, leaving it tasteless.  

I'm from Dallas and we travel to Oklahoma to the casinos there and the buffet there is far better than  what the Bellagio has to offer here in Vegas. 

Save your money!笑
Hidden back in the reaches of the casino, this is a pretty good buffet.  I would have given it another star but my uncle developed food poisoning from this place (I would bet on the smoked mussels or scallops.... those concepts scare me) that put a pall on an otherwise nice meal.  

We went for breakfast and they had everything that you would expect.   I left quite full and probably didn't eat another bite for another 9-10 hours.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is quite the attraction. And for good reason. It is one of the best in Vegas. I would not call it tops, but it is up there. As is the case for anything that is good, there was a long wait. But the lines move quickly and the turnover time seems to be reasonable.

I tried out the breakfast buffet which is a good deal for $15.95. A lot to choose from here. This include your typical bakery favorites like muffins and croissants, alongside sweet dessert items, fruit, oatmeal and cereals for those with a lighter appetite. 

For those of you with a bigger one, there is a lot to choose from here. They had your typical breakfast favorites like sausages (regular and chorizo), bacon, eggs, waffles and pancakes. But they do also have extra things like an omelet bar. They even had a Chinese selection for those preferring more ethnic cuisine. Also nice was the selection of breakfast pizzas offered. I thoroughly enjoyed each item I tried here.

If you are in no rush to get up, I would suggest hitting up this buffet a little later, say around 10 am. This way, you will be able to enjoy breakfast and also try some of the things on the lunch menu! 

I left completely full and satisfied, so much so that I skipped lunch altogether. Wonderful buffet. It is a shame that the good buffets that I have tried are only to be found in Vegas. Oh well, better for my waistline.笑
Dinner on Thursday evening was $38.99. 
No child discount. 

Food was decent, nothing impressive. 
I thought their made-to-order tacos were pretty tasty. 
Food selection was limited, especially if you are looking for vegetarian options. 

We waited 90 minutes to be seated, and I felt that it wasn't worth it.笑
What do you expect from a buffet? Georges Bataille might say that the buffet is about expenditure and sacrifice. You take in all that you can and then you expel it from your body. This is also the essence of capitalism and thus it is no surprise that the buffet is an icon of Vegas which is, for many, the icon of US consumer capitalism. That being said, it is hard to argue with excess!笑
I came here for breakfast. Yes the buffet was good and there was plenty of food to go around. There was not however, anything that stood out for me. 

As a side note, if you want to sit at the bar, go ahead and go through the exit where, if there is room, you will be seated right away. The bartenders were quite friendly and helpful.笑
We waited in line yesterday for about an hour- which we knew was inevitable and almost turned around but decided to stick it out. The two stars isn't from the food. In fact the food and service was good. 
However I have been vomiting my innards out for the past 12 hours and it has to be one of the worst experience I've had yet! I'm not the only one who walked away with food poisoning and it's quite a let down for such a nice place. Not sure if it's on the cook/sanitation behind the scenes or people picking up stuff and putting it back ( a lot of the stuff is replaced quickly so I doubt that). 
Not the greatest way to spend my last day here in Vegas /:笑
Every time we come to Vegas, we have to go the Bellagio Buffet at least once for breakfast or brunch. The food itself isn't amazing, so I'm not giving it 5 stars, but there's just so much variety and everything tastes good. The huge selection of desserts is the best part and I love the Nutella banana French toast.笑
My kids and I came for lunch on a monday , line was not bad only a 15 minute wait .  we were disappointed with the food selection once inside, most of the items I saw in pictures were not being served on weekday lunch ,kids ended up just eating pizza  which was okay  and shrimp cocktail was very good, sushi was good , no crab legs though .slider burgers were too dried out to eat and all the bread was really dry and hard  noticed most of the dishes here are casseroles and none of them looked appetizing , not much Asian food and I did not get to try the meat section as there was a huge line there every time they would bring fresh chicken or beef,
desserts looked good but I was very disappointed that they all tasted bad even the éclairs were bad everything was either sickening sweet or sour , no gelato served here instead they have a ice cream station comparable to the one at sweet tomatoes.笑
Just sit right back
And you'll hear a tale
A tale of a fateful trip,
That started from this buffet line,
Aboard this tiny table.
The mate was a mighty eatin' man,
The brother brave and sure,
Five passengers ate that day,
For a two hour feast,
A two hour feast.

The food started getting rough,
The tiny table was tossed.
If not for the appetitie of the fearless group
My family would be hungry.
My family would be hungry.

The table set ground on the buffet
Of this busy line
With Tony,
My brother too.
The dad
And my mom,
The aunt and grandma,
Here at the Bellagio Buffet.

@ Alaskan King Crab - Being the Asian that I am, I did load up on this. If we're talking about getting our moneys worth, this is probably the quickest way to achieve this. I did see people piling up the King Crab like crazy, present company included. Since there is actually two King Crab stations, one on each side of the buffet, they don't get refill as fast as the Wynn, so there may be a lot of scrappy pieces no one really wants. These aren't as big or as sweet as the Wynn. 

@ Snow Crab - You have King Crab, there is no reason to get this!  But for comparison sake, these weren't as sweet as the King Crab and you get smaller crabs.

@ Kobe Beef - A buffet serving Kobe beef, that grabbed my attention. Sadly, it did in all the wrong way. This was dry and flavorless and I question whether or not it really was Kobe beef. I took maybe 2 bites and just passed on the rest. There goes that Kobe beef.

@ Sushi - I'm not sure if you can even call this sushi. I'm sure I can find better sushi at a gas station. Everything from the tuna nigri to the salmon nigri to the California roll to the shrimp tempura was just disgusting. For comparison sake, the Wynn is just as bad. Studio B was good though.

@ Halibut - Overcooked fish is ever so good.

@ Prime Rib - The staple meat at all buffets. This was dryer than an August day in Vegas.

@ Crusted Lamb - This wasn't all that bad. It was at least cooked right and tasty. My only criticism for this was I didn't want any of the crusting around the lamb. It just takes away from the flavors of the lamb.

@ Bread - This is a sin at a buffet, but since everything wasn't as good I got some bread. It surpringsly was good and fresh. Something is wrong when I come to a buffet and the bread is one of the high points of this place.

@ Apple Pie - It didn't even taste like apples and the crust was very mushy. Mc Donald's apple pie taste better and I hate McDonalds! 

@ Coconut Cake - One of the highlights of the dinner. It was just good. 

The wait was surpringsly short, maybe 30 minutes on a Saturday night before Mothers Day. I was a little suspicious of the line being so short. Each person was charged $40, instead of the usual $36 since it was a holiday weekend. I was dissapointed to see my grandma get charge full price as well. 

Our waiter just wasn't very good either. We would ask for drinks and he would bring out our drinks 20 minutes later. The same issues with clearing our plates. It was a holiday weekend, but it wasn't really even that busy. We eventually had to ask the managers to bring us our drinks. Just horrible service. 

Dollar for dollar, the Bellagio and Wynn buffet cost the same. The Bellagio has more variety, but the Wynn seems to have much higher quality items. I prefer having better quality stuff, than a variety of medicore food. 

Bellagio was highly dissapointing for me in both food and service, considering its regarded as one of the Top 3 buffets in Vegas (other 2 being Studio B and Wynn). I'll stick to the Wynn or Studio B for my buffets for now. Good thing I won at the blackjack table, so the bill wasn't too painful!笑
After dining in several upscale casino hotels, I was expecting a lot from the Bellagio's buffet. However, it was just ok. I was expecting a more luxurious buffet and setting but instead found it to be pretty average and casual all around, including the variety of food available. No food item really stood out unfortunately. I kept looking out for crab legs after reading several other Yelp reviews raving about them, but alas there were no crab legs to be found. However, I will mention a couple of pluses are the reasonable price (about $40ish for lunch for 2 adults) and attentive service.笑
Came here for lunch and skipped the line with passes (highly recommended as otherwise you'd probably have to wait 1-2 hrs). However, once we entered, we immediately noticed maybe 30% of the tables were just empty despite the long line... not sure if it's bad management or they just don't want too many people in there at once. There was a large variety of food but most of it was quite average, though nothing tasted bad.

The shrimp cocktail was very good -- big and fresh shrimp. They also have an omelette station which is perfect for brunch. Some of the desserts are pretty delicious and I heard the tuna hand roll was good as well. The waitress was also very attentive and frequently refilled our drinks (orange juice, coffee, etc.). Overall I would say it's worth it for the $26 we paid, as you would probably pay that anyways at a mediocre strip restaurant and not get the same amount of choice + unlimited beverages and dessert.笑
Quantity, not quality.  Nothing wrong with it but there is so much food here that is better. Not what we expected from Bellagio.  

Extensive offerings, beef is the better option.Quality of sea food is only fair, the snow crab legs are skinny and not juicy, the sea bass had an off, " freezer flavor" that scared me a bit and I left it. Salad bar was so-so. Tons of desserts but none looked decadent, most looked dry. Had chocolate cake and it was fair.

Service was acceptable but definitely not friendly. We did not feel like guests, more like customers of an employee cafeteria.   This is NOT a place to have fun.

Today we lunched at the bar at Lago, also at Bellagio, and loved it.笑
Went to this buffet on Monday. I would say the food quality for the buffet was good for a buffet food considering it was flavorful and not over cooked and it felt like it was not sitting in trays for hours on end.  However, the price was not worth it for the following reasons. 1) The wait for buffet was extremely long. I thought the place was packed. Once we paid we were escorted to our table and to my surprise I seemed like 50% of the tables were unused. Maybe they didn't have enough wait staff 2) Waiting staff was non existent, they occasionally picked up our plates and did not provide any service. 3) We had to get our own drinks 4) So for the low amount of service and the high prices we should have gotten some pretty high end food.... Nope... Sushi was crap. When we went 4 years ago they had outstanding sushi.... That is not the case anymore. I feel you could get the same types of food at another casino for less money, but with better service and a shorter line.笑
We figured we go here on our first night in Vegas to get the trip started off on the right note. My expectations were very high since all of my friends who have been to Vegas always rave about it. To be honest I'd expected chocolate fountains and rivers of drawn butter with boats of king crab legs lazily floating while waiting for hungry hands to pick them up. Sadly... I was very disappointed. Don't get me wrong, it is a very good buffet but my expectations ruined it for me. The service here is great and the seafood alone is worth the $30 you pay. Although, the steak there was a bit on the very done side when I went there.笑
Best buffet in LV in my opinion. You just cant go wrong here. Great selection of salads, hot food, and what my wife calls the best part of the meal DESERTS! I also heard the brunch buffet was way worth it. Just come early as the lines can get wrapped quickly.笑
Most of what I tasted was good. I thought the leg of lamb was too fatty. The sushi rice, Ahi poke and Sake poke weren't done right. But the Kobe top sirloin, scallop ceviche, cocktail shrimp, Alaskan crap legs, Vol-au-vent, duck confit, crème caramel, and crème brûlée were all VERY GOOD. Very good overall value + 1 month worth of salad diet after that.笑
Disappointed with the food selection. Other buffet restaurants are much better than this one. Not worth it for the amount of money we spent. The crews were friendly though.笑
It has been a few years since I ate at the Bellagio buffet but I recently came back here to eat and was surprised at how the quality of the food seemed to have diminished from my prior visits here a few years ago.  I used to always make a point to make this my favorite buffet spot and visit every Vegas trip but after this last trip when the food was just "ok" and expensive, I think I am going to try other buffets instead.  This buffet is not as good as the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan hotel.笑
Prime rib was the bomb. Sushi looked awful, too scary looking to try. Deserts were awesome.笑
Disappointing.  We were here a few years ago so I can confidently say the quality has gone downhill.  There is a large selection of food but it is not as diverse or delicious as it used to be.  The food is still good, but not great.  The presentation is decent, but probably not great in terms of food handling.  The shrimp cocktail was particularly bad in that it was sitting directly in a huge pile of ice which looked nice, but made the shrimp taste like ice... which tastes like nothing.  The tub of cocktail sauce that had been spilled all over and was warm was also less than appetizing.  The desserts were the final straw, they looked amazing but tasted terribly, seriously - inedible.  The service was slow and slightly forgetful.  The entire place needs a facelift, the carpets are getting gross, the tables and decor outdated and in need of repair.  
Again, the food is good but not great - there are better options, specifically I would recommend the Wicked Spoon next door at the Cosmopolitan.  The Bellagio is going to have to work much harder to compete.笑
Buffet was delicious and our waitress was very accommodating! The the girl at the register was beyond rude but all in all, the food was delicious and cooked to perfection!

Prices during the holidays are a bit expensive but this is Vegas- I wouldn't have expected anything less than $50.00 for a buffet笑
The line was super long. Waited for like 45 minutes. 

The price is high. But it's normal for Vegas. 

The decor of the buffet is not very fancy. It is very much like all other buffets. 

The food was just okay. The variety was not great. The sushi bar lacks. The salad bar is not too bad. 

Overall, I did not enjoy my meal here.笑
i literally made a yelp account specifically because i needed to write about this buffet.

i went saturday night for dinner around 8. the line wound around and it took about an hour to finally make it in. it seems to move fast- but it's deceivingly long. 

for 3 of us, i think it was about $125. 

i have only 3 criteria you need to meet when i go to a buffet:
awesome seafood (i'm allergic, but it's important for everyone else around me to enjoy it)
good mac & cheese
bomb desserts

according to my cousins, the gigantic crab legs were pretty good. and there wasn't some crazy line for it. BUT i am allergic to it, and i thought it was VERY inconsiderate for them to put it RIGHT next to strawberries. 

the mac & cheese looked so old that it formed this hard layer on top, and people tried to break through it to desperately get the softer, creamier part within. 

the meat stations had meat that was SUPER red and undercooked. i do have to say, i got these ribs. i took one bite and it literally took 2 minutes to try and chew to make it swallowable. i had to just spit it out. 

their desserts are NOTHING compared to wicked spoon. there were things like carrot cake, brownies, and chocolate chip cookies. NO chocolate covered strawberries, nothing special or original at all.

i felt for this amount of money, the hype, the length of time, the mediocre service, and the quality of food, and lack of options- they deserve only one star.笑
hmm.. $20 lunch buffet (on a Monday). not bad. definitely cheaper than the Wynn.

I pretty much ransacked the cocktail shrimp station and must've eaten half their supply when we were there. i tried the lamb, duck, turkey, pretty much a little bit of everything. all was decent enough.. but nothing amazing. the lamb with mint jelly was probably the highlight of my meal, along with the napoleon (dessert). dessert is my favorite part of the meal! i was slightly disappointed that they didnt have crab or lobster, but i guess for $20 wut do you expect. sushi was california rolls.. the kind i can make at home. the service (aka the person bringing us drinks) was good. 

hmm.. wut else.. nothing else i can really say about the buffet here.. i think next time i'll try the buffet at Paris.笑
I really don't like to give bad reviews but I feel like I have to on this one only because everyone seemed to be bragging about this place. The Bellagio hotel itself was an amazing experience NO complains but the buffet at the Bellagio was a bad bad place to eat. The sushi selection was no more than 3 rolls so if you want sushi don't bother coming here for it. I really don't wanna get into details about how bad the food taste it just was NOT good at all. We spend about $150.00 for 3 people. Big waist of money, again the Bellagio hotel was amazing just not the buffet.笑
Hands down the best buffet in Vegas.
They have the best variety and it's all fresh.
My trick is to go in at 3:30 and then wait til they put out the king crab legs at half the dinner price!
There is everything you could want at this buffet and it all tastes amazing. 
Ask for the chocolate covered strawberries that they don't put out at lunch and they will happily hand them over!
The Wynn has nothing on Bellagio!笑
There was so much food. I ate so full I couldn't even walk. 

The line was pretty long when we got there. It was near 2 hours until they would close, but there were still a lot of food. It was soo good. The desserts were so nice to even eat. There was so much choice in desserts too.笑
Good food, great service. Lou the manager really goes above and beyond to cater to bellagio guests.笑
Had not been in 8 years and decided to give it a try again. Went at 10:45 am to be able to try both breakfast and lunch food. Absolutely no line and I see why. The reviews that say this place has gone down are so accurate,   The food was so plain we didn't leave full at all, left feeling ripped off of $21.  You can get better food for less money so many places.  Go anywhere else, in fact later for dinner we had a fantastic buffet at The Feast Red Rocks for so much less money.笑
Maybe I picked a bad day, but the quality of food here has really gone down the last few years.   I arrived just before 12pm on Saturday Aug 2, and so many of the stations were still on their breakfast items of pancakes, eggs, etc.   

All the seafood fish items were really tasteless and very tough.   The pizza should not even be offered, as it looked like something out of the frozen section of a supermarket.   I didn't see any crab legs, but they did have shrimp out, which was pretty good.  

I will say the desserts were great as always.   Also, service inside at my table was great, but the area where you pay looked totally confused and chaotic.笑
Quality of food has gone down.  We went for dinner and were disappointed.  We have been here before so we looked forward to returning.  We will be going to Wynn instead.笑
Bellagio. Makes me wait for a long time in the line.

The quality of the food is excellent compared to Spice market buffet. I would suggest this place for seafood lovers and people 

5 star for seafood lovers
5 star who go to expensive restaurants.
5 star quality
3.5 to 4 star - my taste buds笑
Only the second-best buffet in Vegas. I write this right after reviewing the Wynn Buffet, and I have to say, GO TO THE WYNN. We went to both buffets on consecutive nights, and I personally thought the Bellagio could do some catching up to do.

For one, the Bellagio actually seemed like a buffet. The table arrangements and decorations made it seem kinda touristy, as opposed to the classy Wynn. Albeit, the food was still great, but something seemed to be lacking when compared to the Wynn's.

Bottom line: for the same cost and wait time, go to the Wynn for your premium Vegas buffet experience.笑
Show me the food! Buffets are fun and cool especially in Vegas. After researching top buffets my friends and I were off to see what the hype was. The price is not bad for the quality and amount of food served. There were a variety of items for the lunch buffet. It even included breakfast items. Bacon, eggs, shrimp, pasta, sushi, ribs, salad, chicken and much much more. Some of the food was tasty and other items were just okay. Overall not bad and worth a visit to the Belliago. So if you are not sure what food you are in the mood for a buffet will be a great choice!笑
Take it from a real foodie, this place is terrible. If you have any food standards, you won't spend your money here. 

Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan had much better quality and the presentation was even better. 

Overcooked seems to be the theme and overall just very subpar quality.笑
This buffet is actually really good.  Lunch was $20; which isn't bad at all for what you get.

As expected, there's a huge variety of good to great tasting food.  The range of nationalities to choose from here isn't as diverse as a lot of other Las Vegas buffets, but the selection is still impressively vast.

I personally would recommend the roasted chicken (melts in your mouth), and of all things, the sliders (both the beef and the turkey)!

TIP: If you gamble enough, use your MGM player's card at the register to get your meal partially/fully comped.

TIP #2: As with all buffets, if it fits into your schedule, try to time your entrance into the buffet for the very end of lunch.  This way, they'll be bringing out the (pricier) dinner items, and you will have paid the lunch price!  ;)笑
If you love deserts this is the place for you! They have so many options and it's all gourmet food. Can't wait to come back here again.
Not to mention our server was amazing and had worked there for 10 years!笑
We li e in Vegas and love eating at the Bellagio Buffet, not only is the food very good, the atmosphere, and decor is beautiful. The sweet treats are OUT OF THIS WORLD! It's a MUST to experience the Buffet at the Bellagio. We love it and recommend it to everyone! Can't wait until our next visit!笑
For Vegas 1st time visitors, this is a must. Been once each for dinner and brunch. I've never left disappointed. The line to get in can be intimidating but well worth the wait.

For dinner, prime rib is awesome. I had to have 3 servings. The lamb is not as good but still worth trying. Most of their meats are always cooked well and the carvers serve generous portions.

Cocktail shrimp and salmon sushi are good. Sometimes, you have to watch when the fresh sushi comes out because it can sit there and become room temperature.

The chicken noodle soup is average. Probably one of the only negatives items.

On the breakfast side, bacon, eggs, and eggs benedict are great. The sausage is pretty good but I still prefer the bacon. Waffles are hard but they have a great variety of them that it offered good samples. Got there late during brunch as some breakfast was removed so can't say much more about breakfast.

Too many desserts to try - flan (if you like sweet caramel), ice cream. (Bread) pudding with some ice cream does the trick quite well. Grab some fresh fruit - strawberries, bananas, etc etc

Orange juice and lemonade tastes fresh and possibly home made and/or freshly squeezed.

Service is better than normal buffet service as they are quick to clear off plates. 1st 2-3 rounds of beverages are fast but then things slow a bit.

As someone else mentioned, there is just too much good food to enjoy all in 1 sitting.笑
We stayed next door to the Bellagio and decided to try out their buffet after a long Internet search on "who has the best buffer in Vegas". Our wait in line was bearable, but you can definitely find yourself in a long line, especially for breakfast and dinner times. This is supposed to be the best buffet in Vegas. I can say that the food quality is top notch and you don't feel ripped off after paying 50 or so dollars per person. it offers a massive and wide array of food options...it's like you died and went to Vegas food heaven. Good food and experience!笑
I wouldn't say it's the best buffet ever, it's okay. Nothing special, nothing memorable. After paying $30 for the lunch buffet, i'd want something better. There doesn't seem to be much of a difference in food for the holiday's other than they charge you more for the same quality and selection of food. The prime rib and the leg of lamb were over done. The egg station was good, the cook was complaining about going home. (just go home!) but AYCE always makes me happy. so can't say i'd never come back, which is somewhat unfortunate.笑
FIVE stars! Can't wait to one day try this place for dinner because the lunch buffet was amazing! I loaded up on breakfast food and then a bunch of deliciously seasoned crab legs and shrimp. Weird breakfast/seafood combo i know don't judge me :)笑
You're never gonna find a buffet like this in your hometown... 

Lots of amazing dishes are served here- The crab legs are outstanding. The chicken wellington was delicious. The pasta tastes fresh. The roasted turkey was juicy. The shrimp was endless. ALL of the deserts and cakes I tried were great. 

The sushi sucked, but then again I've never had good sushi at a buffet anywhere... i think you need to actually go to a sushi restaurant for good sushi. The Paella wasn't very tasty, either... the chicken and sausage in it were very dry. Also, as delicious as many of the items here are, i feel like it isn't enough selection for the insane price you pay- and left something to be desired. 

I still give it 4 stars for overall quality of their main dishes, but i feel like there is a 5 star buffet out there in Vegas i haven't tried yet.笑
I've been coming to The Buffet at Bellagio since it was open. Well, it is time for a "face lift." 
The Buffet still has some good items, like the desserts. Everything else was mediocre. Don't even bother to try the sushi section. It's by far the worst section of the buffet.笑
Where to begin.... Shrimp pesto pizza, sliders, huge fresh peeled shrimp, prime rib that makes you want to slap your mama....this buffet is the best in Vegas.  You must eat here. Hubs and I always come for lunch at least once when we are out here. For us, lunch is the best value. $19.99 each and there isn't a huge difference in the dinner selection worth the higher price and the hour plus wait. Put your best loose pants on and enjoy!笑
First off, the front end staff is absolutely terrible; miscommunication amuck and heckling us about how many people were in our party. Children are charged the same as adults $37 - serious? Did I just walk into Big Wong's Chinese Restaurant? 

For comparison, I also went to Wicked Spoon of the Cosmopolitan. Bellagio definitely has a wider selection, but loses in the uniqueness category. 

The pros:
-Good sushi selection/quality. I murdered a whole school of fish during my consumption of salmon sushi. 
-Decent seafood variety
-Numerous red meats available. -1 point for the abysmal kobe beef. How embarrassing. 
-Delicious creme brulee. Inhaled at least 5 of these. 

The cons:
-Front end staff. 
-Limited "speciality" items and ethnic food. 
-Besides the creme brulee, desserts were mediocre. 

The Buffet at Bellagio doesn't disappoint, but it misses that "specialness" one comes to expect from a Vegas buffet. For strictly taste purposes, I'd give the nod to Bellagio. For the overall experience though, Wicked Spoon wins there.笑
I found this buffet to be pretty standard. Nothing that made it spectacular. I will say that their prime rib is worth a couple trips on the plate. Also, they have an all you can drink for 2 hours special for $15. It is limited to a list of drinks (mimosas, sangria, screwdrivers, draft beer) and you have to finish your drink completely before they will order you a new one hence buying time so you can't order as many. Still worth the money though even if you only get 2 or 3 since drinks are so expensive in Vegas.笑
My husband and I were referred here by travel channels rating of this as the best buffet in Vegas and it did not disappoint! While the line to get in was long due to the holiday season its well worth the wait.  The food was fresh and hot.  The staff were wonderful and extremely efficient and helpful.  Food selection was great from fresh seafood to grass fed beef and organic, free range turkey.  We will definitely be returning there on our next trip!笑
Love the buffet options on Friday's! You have a wide range of options from beef or salmon wellington, to rack of lamb, sashimi, crab, huge chocolate covered strawberries, and more. This is the only buffer in Vegas where I eat the most and leave the place with a huge poppin belly. 

This is by far my favorite buffet on the Strip.笑
Came here for breakfast on our last day in Vegas.  I got a little of everything but didn't finish everything.  I was exploring my options and the food they had to offer.  It wasn't half bad, but it's a buffet so you're going to get a little less than what you expect from a normal restaurant with a wait staff.  Eggs and bacon were cold rather than warm.  Their chocolate croissant was AMAZING but I found it almost impossible to find haha.  Fruits with some flavored yogurt was great too.  Don't go for French toast or pancakes.. very bland.  Their belgian waffle i couldn't even cut it with a knife!!! Wow!! I would LOVE to try their dinner buffet next time I'm out there.  It looked FANTASTIC!!!!! I almost grabbed a plate and had a free dinner. Haha!笑
As locals i Love Buffets
Came here with a large Group of ppl on a sat Morning (12 of us ) 1 Noir Member 2 plat Members

We didnt came Together so the First Group was seated & we 2 Joined them. After 3 min our waiter came & Asked us to Pay 18% gratuity because we are more then 6 or 8? Don t know it any more. 
We told her that the First Group already Paied the 18%. 
She insisted & wanted us to Pay it now. 
So we told her over And over to Check it again. Then the supervisor came & told us the Same story again. 
Instead of checking the check Before asking us !!!!they let us Look like we Where lying. Come on that was so embarassing. 

Will Not go back.笑
The buffet at the  Bellagio was ok. It a perfect example of good food mass produced. When you feed the hungry and those that expect to "get their money's worth" the food needs to meet the most basic criteria .... Good looks,  relatively tasty and lastly very  easy on the wallet. 
The service was attentive and thank god for the all you can drink champagne.笑
When I go to Vegas I have to go to one buffet.  This tradition dates back to my childhood!  On this trip we tried the one at Bellagio which has so often been compared to the one at The Wynn.  The buffet at Bellagio is pretty good, but The Wynn wins in my book.

They draw even in the PRIME RIB, SHRIMP and CRAB LEG categories, all of which were great...particularly the shrimp!  But if you refer back to my review of The Wynn, you'll note that I raved about the COOKED FISH being delicate and delicious.  I was not impressed at all with the fish at the Bellagio, which was overcooked and less flavorful overall.

Of the other items I tried, there were two kinds of MUSSELS -- one hot and cold.  Both were decent.  There were four different soups...you have to really look for them.  I tried the MISO, which I liked.  As usual I stayed away from the sushi, but decided to try the SALMON and AHI POKE because it looked surprisingly good and it was.

Dessert was mixed.  They offer some pretty-looking bites, but fall short of the dessert offerings at The Wynn.  I tried a couple of chocolate raspberry items.  The square-shaped layered mousse cake bite was mediocre.  The one in the cone was better.  I also tried their apple pie which was okay too.  But no waffle or crepe station like The Wynn.  Most disappointing is the ice cream which comes out of a machine here.  So far, the gelato at Cravings (Mirage) is the best in this department.

I liked my cranberry juice and my friend liked her iced tea and we both liked the coffee.  It was actually strong.

The elderly Asian lady working in our area was hustling the whole time we were there.  She rushed to bus the tables, bring out drinks, etc.  We were seated by the door that the workers kept going in and out of, and you know, they were all hustling.  That is hard work being on your feet all day and I'm guessing they aren't highly appreciated.  We gave her a good tip and her face lit up.

Dinner is $30 on most nights, $37 on Friday and Saturday.笑
I really really enjoyed this buffett. I've been here twice, once on Saturday night and another time Sunday night. The food was better Saturday night for sure. I mean Beef wellington and lamb chops! Those two items alone made it worth while.  They also have a decent selection of sashimi/tartar. So when I go I pretty much only eat meat! hahaha The Sunday night selection was almost the same but a little down graded. Instead of beef wellington they had chicken wellington and instead of those lamb chops they had leg of lamb. But all in all still good! 

I've been the the wynn's brunch buffet and like the bellagios better.笑
The food was good. The short ribs and the steak were amazing. The king crab were good too. Overall. The food was good. The staff was on point with drinks. However. I was expecting more choices.笑
D*mmit! We went here for breakfast. Was I impressed? No. Cause you can't do wrong on scramble eggs, sausage, bacon, etc. Ahhhh.笑
Ok the dinner buffet was not so bad. Of course and judging it by being a little bit buzzed from the happy hour drinks I had earlier. The dinner is reasonably price especially for being on the strip, you can have as much crab legs you want or shrimp, and all the red meat you can desire.

Even if you're at the line the line does go by real quick I ended up being here with 4 of my crew mates. And literally we're seated and less than 2 minutes. As we are picky eaters, there was a wide assortment of different types of food.笑
perfect for those who can't decide what they want! we were at the cosmo, so wanted somewhere close by. 

dinner buffet was around $45/pp which included seafood (king & snow crabs). 
good spread of food, great service. everything was done pretty well. the king crab and snow crabs were fairly fresh. shrimp was fresh. we skipped their asian food section (didn't look good), but their steaks were pretty good. a good mix of salads with items like kale and beets. 

their desserts were on the ok side. overall, not a bad option for the area. plus, it's in a nice hotel, so it was nice to walk around the hotel after our meal.笑
I'm trying to figure out why this Buffett only has 3 and a 1/2 stars.. I went this morning 4/20, for their brunch and yes it is pricey $38 per person, but it was WELL worth it. Let's put it this way, your going to pay at least $35, for a good meal in Vegas (unless you like eating cheap and you don't buy alcohol) Why not make your spending worth it. 

The pro's
-great selection and fresh food.
-omelette station.
- turkey sausage (I don't eat beef or pork so seeing turkey was like a dream come true.)
- red velvet waffles, if you haven't tried it, you HAVE to.
- variety, pasta, crab legs, breakfast, many choices.
- great service, my waitress had the orange juice refills ready, before I could ask.

The con's
-fruit selection was minimum, no pineapple, no berries, but had your basic, melons, strawberries, oranges and bananas. 
- mimosa cost $12!!?!? Really, I just spent enough money to almost fill up my gas tank for a week and now I have to pay for a mimosa. 


Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Bellagio's buffet, it was delicious. I like good food and variety. It was not over or undercooked, the food had flavor and was very fresh and the service was great!笑
I still consider the Bellagio buffet to be one of the best on the Strip, and the quality is good regardless of whether it is a peak (dinner on a weekend) or off-peak time (i.e., breakfast).  The buffet has a nice selection and great variety.  The desserts, waffles, and Kobe beef are my favorites at this buffet.笑
Not recommended for vegetarians. Seemed good for meat lovers. Go for lunch, not dinner (or pay for lunch and stay for dinner, like we did).

The food stations were messy, so they are obviously not designed well. Not what you expect at a "luxury" hotel. The dessert selection was impressive, but not that satisfying, and I tried almost everything. Golden Nugget had the best desserts of the buffets we've been to, with less selection but better quality.

Golden Nugget and Main Street Station were better for us (vegetarians, mostly vegan), and much cheaper. In the future (if we ever go to Vegas again, the place disgusts us on many levels) we'll stay and eat downtown. The Strip is definitely the place to see things, but for a good quality inexpensive meal, go downtown.

On a previous trip we went to Spice Market Buffet twice (2 consecutive nights) because it was so good, although pricey. That was back in December 2003.笑
The food quality and service are much Lower than our expectation.
Too pricy for nothing.
I don't recommend this place.
They gave me the booth seat and it is very dirty also.
Don't waste your money.笑
After searching on the web, my family and I settled on The Buffet At Bellagio for lunch time fare.  Apart from the fact that you can smell the slightly rotting smell of the dishwashing and disposal area, we felt that the food was mediocre at best. I'm not trying to be mean, I'm trying to save at least one person from spending the not insubstantial cost of the meal. I tried a LOT (from breakfast foods to sliders to turkey and mashed potatoes to Chinese offerings to sushi) and to almost every single item it was a big fat bucket of MEH. Oddly, many of the reviews said the desserts looked better than they tasted, but I actually thought the desserts were very good, and I don't even have a sweet tooth.笑
I have been here a handful of times. It is a really massive buffet with a ton of seafood and interesting options (not just your run-of-the-mill buffet spread). It is expensive, but if you're going to make it your meal of the day it is worth it. I am giving 4 stars only because there was one experience where I came here before closing and the food was cold and unreplenished (cliearly not acceptable when you are dropping this kind of cash). Every other time however the buffet was amazing.


Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/笑
Be prepared for a gorging! This place has everything and plentiful amounts of it. I have been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner and I must say that the lunch is the best deal! It seems like a hefty amount to pay for a lunch, but it is well worth it. The food doesn't taste like it came from a cafeteria like other buffets and the types of food are incredible as well - sushi, sea bass, crab, steak, etc... I can just picture Homer Simpson now...笑
My roommate's parents were in town and she is so sweet, she treated us all to a late lunch.  I wish it were possible to physically be able to eat more when you go to a buffet because they are so expensive !  I never feel like I am getting my monies worth. But I guess you just have to take bite sizes of everything...that must be the trick!  We mainly went, because she and her parents are huge fans of crab legs and they offter them during the week.  I'm a huge fan of meat and carbs and sweets.  We all left happy.笑
Good food but huge wait in line. I joined the players club the day of and they gave me a comp line pass but otherwise it was a 2 hour wait for a $30 plus dollar buffet. IT was fun once but I wouldent go there again. Oh yeah and the drunk highschool kids next to me made it soo much fun, I have never seen christian highschool boys talk soo much about hookers =)笑
One of the best buffets in Las Vegas! Big selection, high quality food, lots of seafood, clean, good service, and their coffee is the best I ever had. 

The only problem I can think of with this buffet is that there is always a long line no matter what time of day (probably not so much on weekdays). But it's well worth the wait and the price I must say.笑
Rude management. Dark & gloomy. Interior needs major upgrade. The entrance & buffet looks like there was going to be a shootout at the OK Corral. Not enough options for vegans & vegetarians. Dessert was undesirable. Took one bite of a few items & threw them away. Wasn't worth the $50 we paid. I could have easily gone next door to the Cosmopolitan, which is 100x better.笑
I love staying at the Bellgio, and it's usually my family's choice of hotel when we're in Vegas. However, as often as we stay here, I'm always the odd ball out skipping out on the buffet portion because of the price. Anyway, since the buffet here is hailed as the 2nd best (if not the best) buffet in town, we figured it was best if we went early to avoid the lines on my mother's insistence that I go this time. It was a smart move. On a Monday night, we arrived around 5:30PM, and the line was already starting to form. We waited in line for ~20 minutes until we were seated. From the time we paid for our meal which was ~$130 for 4, I thought to myself that this better be the best damn meal I'll have during this vacation! It didn't start that way though. It took our server 10+ minutes to get our order of drinks in, and she even ended up bringing out the wrong drinks the first time. She did however, redeem herself throughout the meal by frequently coming to check on us. It was even pleasant when she tried to strike up a conversation with us.

As far as the food goes, they have a wide variety that will appeal to almost everyone's tastes. From seafood (crab legs, shrimp cocktail sauce, oysters, salmon) to carving stations (kobe beef, prime rib), from the salad station to the pizza selection, and to my favorite dessert stop, you'll get a taste of gourmet food from all ethnic cuisine. The quality of most of the food is as close as top notch as you can get when it comes to a buffet. There's not much to complain about in that aspect. I adored the shrimp cocktail, and I had 2 full plates of it; the cocktail sauce decently surprised me. I'm not so sure on how to feel about the crab legs though because I could only get so little meat out. The Kobe beef bled everywhere, so I ended up not touching it. My mother couldn't stop going back to the sushi section. The fruit was extremely fresh, and the melons especially were as sweet as ever! As for the dessert table, they were all appealing to the eye, and most were at the very least decent. Yes, I tried and finished every single plate there. My favorite would have to be the little macarons! I took plenty of those. The frozen yogurt (??) was extremely tart, and it melted a little too quickly so I didn't bother getting seconds.

So why did I dock 1 star off? Well, I accidentally overfilled my plate and dropped a cherry tomato onto the floor (which I had tried to look for but couldn't find where that little devil had rolled off to). Seconds later as I headed back to my table, a staff member had picked it up, shoved it in my face, and scoffed at me as if I was less than dirt for dropping a little tomato on their floor.

My only advice to anyone who wants to give the buffet at Bellagio a try is to show up early. As we were leaving an hour later, the line had somehow quadrupled in size; it went out of the buffet area and into the casino somewhere with no end in sight.

All in all, give it a try! It's moderately priced for the food and a definite try for any Vegas vacation.笑
Forget your DIET, you are not fat...

Forget the small portions you actually have to eat throughout the day, who cares if you have today breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one at Bellagio's...

Forget your strict work-out plan, you would do your stomach a big favor once a year...

Forget the not ending line with screaming, crying kids and their annoyed parents...

IT IS WORTH IT!!!笑
First off it needs a make over.  Looks like they haven't made an update since Steve Wynn built it, and it is long over do.  The food tastes about the same.  Nothing special.  There is a lot to choose from and a lot of little area's with different cuisines, but they just aren't good.  It's a shame.  It has a great reputation as being one of the bests, but I don't really see why.

Food isn't just about putting out a lot of stuff.  I wish they would back off a bit and do some things really well instead of too much stuff all not so good笑
I am not a fan of buffet eating but this buffet was pretty good.  All the desserts were a dissapointment though.  There were lots of choices but I especially disliked the hand-rolled spicey tuna.  I normally love spicey tuna but their hand rolls of ground tuna were just not good.  They had lots of seafood so you could get your money's worth.  Lunch buffet was 20$ so not bad.  I had an omlette made to order and that was pretty good.  There is just so much better food in Vegas that I think a buffet is just pathetic.  Skip it is my recommendation unless you are super starving or college-student poor.笑
We had dinner at the Bellagio Buffet last night. The service was OK. Our server was great but kind of forgot about us towards the end of our visit. The food was cold. The only good thing there was the crab legs because they're suppose to be cold and the tacos because it was freshly made. The food was under a single lamp that didn't heat the food at all. We let the server know that the food was cold and he told the manager that was in charge. All she did was come over to ask what the problem was and said she was going to talk to the chief. Have no idea what actually happened though because we didn't see her after that. Half the buffet was closed as well so there wasn't that many options. I must say i rather go to the Rio buffet. For a high end casino this was a horrible experience.笑
Maybe it was all the hype but I was not that impressed with the Bellagio buffet. But to be fair, it could be because I waited in line for more than an hour. Still, the offerings were not that special in terms of taste or selection. Try it if you're curious but don't expect too much like I did. I actually enjoyed the Paris buffet more and it was cheaper.笑
My star rating is based on buffets, and as far as I'm concerned Bellagio is the best. It had been about fifteen years since I'd visited the Bellagio buffet, and I read the reviews saying it has gone downhill. My last two visits to a more expensive buffet were to Bacchanal and I was so underwhelmed with the grumpy service and lukewarm, mediocre food that Bellagio was top of the list this visit.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the employees either like their jobs or tolerate them enough to be pleasant.  That's a huge plus in my book because so many service workers in and around Vegas HATE their jobs and it shows. Our waiter was engaging and even acknowledged our daughter.  Drinks were always full. The food was hit and miss in terms of greatness (but all of it was at least good), my favorite being the Kobe beef with au jus and sautéed button mushrooms (YUMMO).  The pastas were pleasant and the selection was unique.  I had a nice, crisp salad to start the meal.  My husband had some glazed carrots that we both thought were delicious. The fruit selection was nice, too. Husband says the crab legs were good and the shrimp very tasty. Prime rib was wonderful as well. Standard fare like turkey and mashed potatoes were tasty, and I appreciate that the mashed potatoes weren't watered down.  We brought our four year old daughter and she found plenty to eat (salami, cheese, fruit, etc...and even some of my Kobe beef) so it's definitely a place you can bring most kids.  The dessert bar, while not as magnificent as the *other* place, is better.  We tried an array of things from the little fruit tarts to the chocolate mousse and even the tiny donuts and everything was better than I expected.  We walked away with smiles on our faces and a promise to come back to the Bellagio whenever we want a nice buffet.笑
Loved it, went for dinner. It's worth the wait. The food was of high quality and seasoned nicely. The grilled salmon was excellent! Also the crab legs are cut in half so it is easier for you to eat the meat right out of it. Has many varieties of ethnic foods. Loved the desserts as well. We came back later in the week for the breakfast buffet which was good too. The eggs Benedict were not my type, too tangy tasting. Go in the middle of week to get best prices!笑
Yummy!  This place wasn't too crowded when we went so it was fast !

Everything I had here was good, especially the eggs benedict!  They have a wider selection here than the wynn buffet.  

The even have the chinese soup congee and i was really hesitant on trying it because it was at a buffet, but i did get up the nerves to try it and it was actually really good!笑
Alright, so I paid a good $40 dollars (including tip) of my hard earned money to eat here cause I've heard so much about it. My parents told me I needed to go because the food and selections are just incredible. After the longest half-hour of my life waiting in line, and apparently that's a shorter wait. It was after 7pm so thankfully most the tourists already ate.

The selections are alright, I've seen better. The taste wasn't that great. I was extremely disappointed with that! I've been to a better buffet down in Vegas, and that's at Rio.

Although, I'll give it to my waiter, and cooks behind the food - they were very, very friendly.
Oh, but here's a negative. I'm not even sure if it's the only bathroom in there, it would be ridiculous if there was. But I believe I remember only 3 STALLS IN THE BATHROOM!? You're kidding rght????

No, I would never come here again. People create such a hype for no reason at all.笑
This place has really gone down hill.  It use to be a favorite and one of the best, but now I wouldn't recommend it.笑
Since its been featured on tv soo many times as one of the best buffets, i had to try it out.

Came here for Brunch on a Sunday morning, (the later you get here the longer you wait) we got champagne with our meal so it was $30 per person but we got endless mimosas! MMm MM!M!!

to tel you the truth i was disappointed, i was expecting a lot more since there was a lot of hype about it. Theres a lot of selection of food which i like, the bacon was delicious, and they had pesto mashed potatoes which i loved!! Chinese food, breakfast, sushi, pastas..etc etc!!.....

...but no hashbrowns!!?! no corn hash?!?!...and the dessert really disappointed me, a lot of seltion but it wasnt really that good. Maybe the hype is for dinner or lunch buffet.....so ill come back to give it another chance ;)笑
This was my first buffet I've been since being away from Vegas for years. And this wasn't my best decision. 

My boys and I were wanted to grab a meal at a buffet before our night out in the city of sin.  Apparently, this was the closest one and had a short line. Once we got to cashier, I was in shock to hear how much an individual had to pay for buffet dinner. For the price for an individual had to pay, we could've got the 24 hour buffet pass. More buffets to visit at different hotels.

Once we paid, we waited a couple minutes for our table.  After our table was ready and then seated, our server took our drink orders. When everything was settled at the table, we were off to explore the buffet's offerings.

The selections were very limited since some stations were left unreplenished. With what was available, I had to make my $47 dinner worth it. I went for the grilled meats: kobe beef & prime rib, short rib tacos, assortments of sushi & sashimi, and beef Wellington. For dessert, I got mini churros and vending machine ice cream.

The pros:
- Short rib tacos
- Shasimi & sushi

The cons:
- Grilled meats were very dry, also the beef Wellington
- Mini churros were hard and stale
- Ice cream from the vending machine taste like any other buffet place back home

Our server was helpful but got all our drink orders wrong. I left full, dissaponinted, and unsatisfied.笑
Good buffet option but also a surprisingly good value!

Went during weekday lunch for 22.99/person and was very pleased. Although the selection was poor in certain aspects (for sushi there were only california rolls and one spicy tuna roll), I was very happy with the overall quality consistency of choices. The heavier meat cuts including the St Louis pork ribs, brisket, and flank steak were all very solid. Even the Asian foods (from the perspective of this Asian) were very tasty. Interestingly, many breakfast foods were still available well into lunch hours, including an omelette station if that's your thing. Finally, it looks like they put out the full desserts repertoire for lunch, which includes awesome sugar-free options that are just as tasty as their guiltier counterparts.

If you are looking for a Vegas buffet that will make you happy without breaking the bank, the buffet at bellagio is a great option!笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio was the best and left my buttons bursting by the end of my meal!  I visited this location on a Monday night and paid $34 to partake in the mountainous piles of seafood, pasta, salad, soups, meats, and international fare offered here.  There was no line and I was excited to dive in as soon as possible.  Buffets are a great place to try foods that I wouldn't normally try or order at most other sit-down restaurants.

I started by piling my plate high with King Crab legs.  Having never tried these before, I now understand why the fisherman on Deadliest Catch go to such lengths to catch them.  Wow!  This was a fantastic opportunity to fill up on an item that I will likely not have again for some time.  I also very much enjoyed the Kobe Beef, shrimp, roasted fingerling potatoes, and so much more!  I would love to list off everything that I ate but in complete honesty... I can't for the life of me remember nor picture each plate that I brought back to the table.  

As a girl with a sweet tooth, I was ecstatic to discover the number of options I had at the dessert bar.  What I liked most about it were the very small portions served.  I grabbed a big plate and brought 4 or so small desserts back with me to sample each.  As I circled around my plate of goodies, I couldn't believe how delicious one dessert was compared to the next.  Cheesecake, cappuccino mousse, rich chocolate bubbles, and nutella tarts were swimming across my vision and eventually in my belly.

In addition to the excellent options and flavorful food, the service here was equally impressive.  Our waiter was very quick to clear our plates and refill our drinks with each departure.  Considering my date and I were barely at the table at the same time,  going up for food whenever our plates happened to empty, this was a difficult feat to complete.  When my napkin appeared even slightly soiled from some stray cocktail sauce, a fresh one showed up.  New silverware even appeared during my time there.  Fantastic!

My only regret is not trying this place out earlier in the trip.... so that I had the opportunity to return.  I think the price was more than fair for the options and quality of food served here.  I would definitely return to this location if in Vegas again!笑
28.11 with tax for lunch buffet. The cheesecakes were delicious! However, the food they offered was alright. It wasn't as tasty as I thought it was going good to be. I only had one plate and did not go back for seconds I skipped breakfast to eat at a buffet and I felt a little disappointed eating here. But nonetheless, it still a good deal compared to other buffets around the strip笑
My husband and I have been hearing this is the best buffet in Vegas so we decided to give it a try. I have to say we were very lucky we arrived early and got in quickly by the time we left it had a huge line. I can see why though the food was definitely worth it. My favorites being the king crab legs the beef wellington and beef bourguignon but they had so many choices and Kobe style beef sirloin prime rib turkey Italian and Japanese cuisine as well as Chinese American and seafood selections. I highly recommend this buffet even though the service seems a bit slow for getting drinks refilled and removing plates. IT could easily be five star accept for the lack of service.笑
After hearing so much hype about this buffet, I expected it to be amazing but I was very disappointed with my meal and service. This is even with the fact that I didn't have to wait in line because my aunt waited for us! 

I feel like the food was not worth $35 for dinner, with the steak being plain, mediocre sushi, and very limited options. I had a custom chicken and vegetable crepe after trying out the steak and sushi and it was pretty gross. I thought it was going to be like a pot pie but it was just disgusting. After all this, I was hoping dessert would redeem the poor quality of entrees but there were few choices and none of them were very good. The place is almost worse than a college cafeteria. 

Also, my server was from some random foreign country and it took forever to get the drinks that I ordered and remove the plates off my table. 
This place is not what its hyped up to be for dinner, I'm hoping that Wynn will be better when I visit for my 21st!笑
We went here for lunch a few months ago.

When we were about to get in line, a gentlemen ask us how many people we had. We told him 2, just myself and my husband. He told us to follow him because we could sit at the bar, regardless if we were drinking or not (I wasn't drinking due to being pregnant.). It was nice that we got to skip that very LONG line. The food was extremely good! I will definitely be eating here again!

So whenever there is a long line and you dont have many people , just walk up to the bar and sit! You pay at the bar when you are done eating!笑
Good solid buffet. Ate during brunch time around 1 pm. Lots of diversity and variety of food. Decent value at $28 at the time of this writing.笑
Best buffet ever. Amazing service, the waiter was very attentive and aways kept our drinks filled and table clean. Giant crab legs, omelet station, awesome desert....wish I could go back! I think I would return to LV...just for this buffet.笑
Been coming here twice a year for at least 15 years now. Up until today, I can say the quality has remained mainly unchanged-UNTIL TODAY. There's a smell of uncleanness in the restaurant. This smell renders the whole experience of dining on delicious food unappetizing. I'm disappointed. Also, they changed the drinks service to self-serve. This also marks a drop in quality. The good though is that the food is still mostly tasty, and when that goes, I won't be back. It's a shame because this is my husband's favorite buffet in Vegas.笑
Excellent buffet! We went here at 2:30pm, so we were able to pay for lunch prices for dinner. Their meat selection were excellent. The kobe beef roast was delicious. There were long lines at the meat table, but we didn't have to wait too long. The services were excellent. Our drinks were filled constantly. It is definitely worth going again. I actually went to the buffet at Wynn the next day, and I have to say, the buffet at Bellagio is definitely a lot better.笑
Food is great. And my waitress Patricia was wonderful , but my problem was with the service of the women seating guests. The woman called us over to our table then told us to go eat because the table was not ready. My mother in law has bad knees and cannot stand long and already stood long waiting to be be seated so she waited on going to eat so she could rest her legs. The woman who seated us told her to "just go stand over there by the wall then, go over there" she said it with a rude  attitude. My first impression was being seated and not having our table ready ....why seat us then? Well I figured it was just a single incident until I seen another woman doing it to another family. Having them stand there waiting instead of waiting till the table is ready to bring them over. Very poor service there but that's my only complaint. Couldn't catch her name because the name tags are very small and she didn't introduce herself. She had shoulder length orangish brown hair and was chewing gum the entire time.笑
i came for breakfast on a sunday around 10:30am and the wait was not even 10 minutes.  i was pleasantly surprised that the breakfast buffet was only around $16/person and since i wanted to fill my tummy with lots of variety and healthy food to make up for the damage i had already done and was planning on doing, i tried to stay away from the carbs.

i had a good amount of fruit, oatmeal, sausage, canadian bacon, scrambled eggs, apple cinnamon crepes, japanese seaweed salad, shrimp cocktail, and dessert.  by the time i got to try some of the dessert that was coming out for lunch, i was so full that i didn't get to thoroughly enjoy my treat.  so my favorite was the apple cinnamon crepe.  everything else was what you would expect for breakfast - not overly or under seasoned, nothing too out of the ordinary.  it was just good food to fill your belly for the day.

other food options that i noticed included omelettes, a mexican station, a variety of pizza, chinese congee (!) and other chinese choices, sushi, seaweed salad, cold cuts, assorted cheese, hummus, cereal, salads, sorbet, mini pancakes, mini belgian waffles, and a full bar.  

the buffets that i've been to on the east coast usually charge you extra for drinks (coffee, juice, etc.), but not at the bellagio.  the only extra we paid for was for the mimosa.笑
My favorite buffet in vegas. Seriously, even the diet coke tastes better here. I visit vegas often and ALWAYS try to talk people into going here. Never had a bad experience at this place.笑
Went on a friday night around 8 pm. The line actually moves pretty fast. 
Waited only about 30 min.  Usually I have waited up to 1 hour or more.  Now for the food.  There is a large selection of items.  My favorites are the prime rib and shrimp cocktail.  They also had kobe sirloin steak.  The quality of the prime rib is better than some restaurants.  Some of the other items such as pizzas and asian foods are above average for a buffet.  I will highly recommend if you have not been here before.  The wynn buffet might have a slight edge on this one.笑
All you can eat Chilean Sea Bass with a side of Venison and some Buffalo? Heck yea! Throw in some fresh sushi/sashimi?? FIVE STARS BABY!

The. Best. Buffet. In. Las Vegas.

Do NOT argue with me...I am a LV buffet connoisseur.

The food is tasty and savory and there are many, many, MANY dishes to choose from. The food bays are expansive. I believe there are 9? I may have counted wrong, I was in the midst of a food coma the last time I was there. There is at least 8. It's less expensive than the Wynn buffet, and there is way more selection. It's no Carnival Buffet at the RIO, but the food is fresher, there are more "specialties" available and the food just tastes better.

Desserts? Divine. 

Service? Superb.

Price? Perfect.笑
Their service is good. But their food quality went down a lot compared to few years ago.  Their prime ribs suck even I ordered the medium rare one. It doesn't taste good , no flavor very blend.  I came here because I got a free  complementary voucher ; otherwise I would have gone somewhere else :).笑
Delicious! I will definitely return to this buffet. The dessert and food selection were perfect.笑
I typically avoid buffets of any kind but this buffet is amazing.  Food was excellent, the turkey was so juicy and delicious.  I didn't have one thing I did not like, the service was very good.  Our server was on top of everything ensuring our used plates were cleared and our beverages were always full.  We happened to be there for the Mexican Independence Day brunch so the price was lower than normal but I would have still paid full price.  They had a few mexican dishes and mexican food in a buffet usually makes me nervous since nothing compares to my mother's home cooking, but I was surprised at how close to my mom's home cooking they got.  Highly recommend this buffet.笑
Bellagio Buffet is standard for breakfast and lunch so don't judge it if you only ate here for breakfast or lunch.  Compared to other vegas buffets, it is a great buffet for dinner if you like your meats.   If you want crabs for lunch, go to Aria Buffet. 

Last time I ate at Bellagio Buffet Dinner was in March 2012.  They had quail, duck, lamp chops, kobe steaks, prime rib, decent tuna and salmon sushi.  When I woke up in the morning I lost weight.  WTF? :)

Cons:  The lines are almost always super long.   The Mlife players card Gold/Platinum members get to skip the line.   Getting Gold Status is worth it solely for this purpose if you come to Vegas more than once per year.笑
This is the BEST BUFFET in Las Vegas. The food are very delicious and worth every penny!!! Customer service are EXCELLENT especially Diane, They play good music and the place is VERY CLEAN. You won't go wrong on the Bellagio buffet.笑
Enough amounts of crab legs! Other foods are just ok as a buffet. One problem is it closes at 10, which is still early for LV... Not good for hungry late arrivals.笑
One of the best buffets in Vegas. It is the top choice for my family consistently. The prime rib is amazing, try asking the chef to cut off a rare piece and put it on the grill for you for a nice juicy crust. Everything else is simply beautiful and delicious.笑
Went over a holiday weekend. Unfortunately, that meant the prices were higher - but they seemed to try to bring out the best at this time too.

They advertised a "Kobe steak" bar, which I hit up on the first stop - I was excited about this, but unfortunately, this must not have been a good cut of kobe beef. First of all, I've had kobe beef ny strip steaks. You're probably looking at $90+ for a 12 oz steak. Whatever they were serving had no marbling of fat throughout the meat and it was dry and over cooked. Unfortunately, this steak was shadowed by their flank steak, which was much better prepared and more flavorful.

Anyway, they also had king crab legs, snow crab legs, rack of lamb, and chilean sea bass, to name a few other favorites. Overall, the food quality was good, and the variety that the buffet offers definitely is appropriate for the amount that you pay. I might add that you might want to stay away from the sushi bar though - really the only part I'd say wasn't very good.

My only advice is you definitely want to save room for dessert. As good as the food was, I'd say that the dessert was even better.笑
I think the buffet here was mediocre and overrated.  I went on an early Saturday evening and there was almost no wait.  The buffet area was a bit small and the food was just mediocre.  The meat wasn't good, the sushi wasn't good, everything just wasn't good.  I've honestly had better food at the Rio Carnival World Buffet.

I don't think it was worth the $40 and I will not be coming here again.笑
My family had to wait almost 2.5 hours for this buffet over Christmas weekend. Was it worth it? Hard to say. 

I pigged out on the king crab legs, which I think is the most expensive food available at the buffet. They had both cocktail sauce and melted butter available, which made everything taste so much better. Unfortunately, the crab legs were salted (probably on purpose to make people more full) so I couldn't eat too many. 

Other than the crab legs, all the other food items were just okay. I tried all the meats but nothing was extraordinary. My family all enjoyed the lamb, however, so give that a try. There was also a poke section that wasn't too bad. The salmon and tuna were pre-seasoned and cut into small cubes so you could make your own little poke salad/bowl.  

My only other favorite was their bread pudding. There were two different types (one regular one chocolate maybe?) but I preferred the regular one, as the darker colored one had too much cinnamon. I definitely recommend putting some vanilla soft serve on top of the bread pudding as it'll make it taste even better. 

Overall, okay food but I would never wait that long for this buffet ever again. I did, however, go during Christmas weekend when Vegas was super packed so during regular days, the line probably isn't that long. I think this buffet is only worth going to if you REALLY want to pig out on crab legs and the other buffets are too packed.笑
1) chocolate covered strawberries
2) rack of lamb
3) prime rib
3) crab legs.... CUT IN HALF for you already.  no work!
4) fresh sushi
5)cocaine
6)awesome breakfast items
7)delicious pasta.

come here for lunch, stay for dinner.  trust.  it'll be worth your time.

the line can get long, but come on... they serve #5 here.  you just gotta ask for it.  no lie!  you can believe me.  ^_^笑
OK I admit it I like buffets...  I usually go to 2 or 3 when I'm in Vegas.  The Bellagio is the BEST I have found.  (Note I have tried the top ones - Paris, Wynn, Mirage)  They are all about the same prize.  Which I feel is a good bargain**.  I only go to either breakfast or lunch never done dinner.  That is just too white trash for me.

The range of food at The Bellagio is excellent and the quality is top notch. The serves is by far the fastest and most efficient.   The food stations are very clean and well organized.  The wait to get into the buffets is very reasonable.  
 
I would say the only draw back is that they don't change the menu.  We went in October and now just in June and it was the same dishes.  

Bloody Mary is excellent and so is the Ice Tea.

If you are a dessert person go to the Paris buffet they have better desserts and a crepe station.


** Where can you get an omelet, bacon, sausage, OJ, coffee, fruit and other stuff for $15 dollars not even at Denny's笑
This is the grand daddy of them all.  I love this place.  Beef wellington in a buffet selection??!  Gordon Ramsey is probably mad about that but oh well...Food here was ridiculous!  AMAZING.  Hot/cold entrees were awesome, and the dessert selection was top notch.  They even had a cheese spread (no pun intended).  If you are planning to come here make sure  you really make room because you will regret paying over $30 and not try everything this place has to offer!  Happy eating :)笑
Sunday Brunch is too crowded so I recommend here for weekday lunch.  Good food!笑
My wife and I decided to try The Buffet at the Bellagio for dinner for our first night in Las Vegas.  We both agreed the buffet was a disappointment and will not go back again.  The cost was $37 each on a weekday. We waited approximately 1.5 hour in line.  There were salad bar, meat carving station, tiny snow crab legs, Asian, bread, sushi, and desserts.  Everything was below the standard of what you would expect a Bellagio buffet should be.  On top of that now the resorts in Vegas is starting to charge parking fee.笑
This is one of the better buffets in Vegas...

It was surprisingly priced at about $28 per person.  I swore I paid more for this place before or it might've been that we came here on a Sunday night.

The food selection was abundant unlike most buffets.  They had foods from various cultures like Chinese, Mexican, American, etc...笑
$33 for a fathers day buffet...the line on a sunday can take up to an hour but once u get in it's worth it cuz their brunch buffet has king crab legs & snow crab legs...while their herbed polenta is pretty good as well as their various carving stations their sweet station is mediocre...the service is decent and your meal comes w/juice & tea (cranberry, orange, milk, coffee & green tea). Overall it's decent but nothing spectacular笑
I had lunch here with some friends last Saturday.

Buffet: 4/5 - The lunch buffet was $23.95. Dinner is about twice as much, but you get a lot more choices for entres. Some of the items included for lunch are honey gladed bacon, pasta, pizza, prime rib, shrimp cocktail, sushi. You don't get crab legs like, which was what one of my friends wanted. The quality of the food here is as good as it gets for buffets.
Service: 3/5
Ambience: 3/5笑
My husband and a friend ate at the Sunday brunch last weekend and it was appalling.  The selection was poor, the food that was there was not good - it was virtually tasteless.  The service was poor - they went for the buffet with the champagne and it isn't really much of a champagne brunch if you have to beg to get champagne.  No one cleared plates which was fine because for the most part most customers only went to the buffet twice before giving up on having a nice meal.  The only thing that was good was a sugar free cheesecake and he suspects that they purchased it from a bakery.  We have have eaten at many different buffets in Vegas - from the inexpensive Circus Circus - to the expensive Sterling at Ballys - and he said this was the Worst ever regardless of the cost. Whatever you would spend here add some extra to it and go to the Sterling.  There you will receive the service, food and champagne that you are paying for - It is worth every penny - every time.笑
They say Disney is the happiest place on earth, but I beg to differ. The happiest place on earth for me is the Buffet at the Bellagio. It's like Chef Ramsey meets Willy Wonka, a food lovers dream! If I were walking the green mile and they asked me what I wanted for my last meal I'd say the Buffet at Bellagio please!    

My first time here was about 5 years ago. I waited over an hour and it was totally worth it. The wait today was much shorter (about 5 mins, not bad for 5:30pm on a Friday). Time and time again I've come here and I've never been disappointed. From beef wellington to sushi, pre-cracked crab legs to mac and cheese there's something for everyone here. I wondered if this visit would live up to previous ones for me since I've recently become pescatarian, but once again my expectations were not only met but exceeded. 

I've tried a few of the other buffets here in Vegas including Bacchanal at Caesar's but they've all sent me running back to the Bellagio. 

When it comes to buffets in my opinion the Buffet at Bellagio hands down can not be beat.笑
Had dinner here tonight. Buy one free one free to redeem loyal points of Vegas game from Facebook.  It is so easy to redeem, you just stop by M-Life counter and they will input the coupon into your M-life card.  You need to show your ID and code redeem.  The food is good and no complain,  there are a lot choice....sushi, seafood (crab legs, salmons, shrimp....), desert, meat....Definitely I will go here again if I am in Las Vegas.笑
Date & Time:  Tuesday July 7, 2015 @ 7pm
Location:  Bellagio Casino Level
Dining Companions:  Mommy & Husband
Scene:  Families & Small Groups in Resort Attire
Decor:  Buffet Stations, Dated Booths & Tables
Service:  Efficient
Devour:  Flank Steak, Prime Rib, Desserts
Total:  $113.16笑
The WORST!
First of all let me say I felt like I read every possible article I could find of the best buffets in Vegas because I was so excited to try a Las Vegas buffet. I am not a "buffet" person so I wanted to make sure that I made the right decision for the ONE time I was actually excited to go to one. Ugh, I couldn't have been more disappointed. From the moment we walked in all my expectations were crushed. First of all, the buffet hall (yes it's a hall) smelled weird. I couldn't place it but it just must have been all of the food smells mixing together and it was not appetizing. The crab lags were cold and I mean FREEZING. But if you happened to see someone else do it (because here wasn't a sign) you could take them to the Taco station to have them heated (?) But even then they were average. And that was the problem across the board, everything was just average. Tacos had very little flavor, every pasta was a greasy creamed based mess, the jumbo shrimp were average size and not jumbo at all. I read about the pesto mashed potatoes, but they were a let down too. At the end of the day I felt like a was at a Golden Corral and not the Bellagio. I read some of the bad reviews before we went and thought that those people were just being dramatic and it couldn't possibly be as bad as they wrote and I was wrong. I will never go back.笑
Long lines are a bummer but once you get in, the orgy of food is overwhelming. Went here for brunch with friends and I was amazed that I could have sushi alongside prime rib and an eggs benedict. I didn't necessarily eat them in that order but sometimes that's what Vegas buffets are supposed to be! 

They have a nice dessert bar too, could be bigger but still nice, if you still have room by the end of your meal, that is.笑
It's a good buffet. Some of the food items were somewhat bland. Overall, I liked it.笑
Prime rib roast.  Chateau Briand. Beef Wellington.  What meat dish don't they have? What meat dish do they have that they don't just render completely tasteless.  

It wasn't a complete loss, the Wellington wasn't half bad, but for all of the meat they can throw at you, and how wonderful it all looked, I just wish it had better flavor.笑
I wasn't very impressed with this place. But for the price of $27 per person (on weekends), it was just ok. Selection isn't as grand as the Wynn buffet, but again, you get what you pay for. Although I have to say, if anyone who has been to the buffet at  Barona Casino in San Diego, you'll have a better time there at half the price!

The Italian portion of the buffet: most of the pasta was over-sauced or dried up, but that's always the issue when pasta is left out for a while. Japanese side? Sushi is decent, but again, I've had way better. Their side dishes were over salted or overly spicy, which made the dishes seemingly unauthentic. I have to say though, the seafood was fresh, but there weren't any crab legs when I was there so I only grabbed a few shrimps. Fresh and sweet! The American side: mostly the prime rib to critique. It's a small slice and I was pleased it was small because I wouldn't have eaten anymore of it. It was difficult to cut, especially since I was cutting with what felt like a butter knife. Seasoning was lacking, but cooked to a nice medium rare. And as for my favorite part of buffets, the desserts? I was happy with the variety, but unhappy that they looked better than they tasted. I sampled about half of the options, and most of them were too sweet or too creamy or too dry. 

I know that this is one of the more affordable buffets in Vegas and as a poor college student, we always try find ways of cutting corners and saving a bit. But if you're looking for a real Vegas place, skip this place. I still have yet to find THE best buffet in Vegas because no one ever wants to go to the clubs bloated afterwards. So maybe another time I'll come to Vegas just to eat buffets!

Nothing special, pass!笑
While this is a buffet, I compare its food not against cheap buffets, but against fine restaurants. It measures up. I don't casually rate a restaurant five stars for fine dining, but as buffets go, this is pretty much the buffet of the gods. 

The food was spectacular. Absolutely delicious, every bite. Decadent. Outstanding. 

It *is* a buffet, so you do have to get up and get a plate and walk around and put food on your plate etc. However, the food is just far higher quality than almost any other buffet you'll ever see. Everything is made with superb ingredients, and it's obvious from the flavor, and the chefs make all the food perfect both in appearance and in taste. 

The decor is cheerful and classy, yet not so over the top that you'd feel out of place if you walk in wearing shorts and a polo shirt. The staff is cheerful, friendly and attentive. 

I visited several times, over two visits to Las Vegas. Most of the time, the line is very short. On one occasion it was quite long, but moved very quickly.

I really look forward to visiting this buffet again each time I visit Las Vegas. I have already brought friends there, and will bring family as well.笑
Say what you want about buffets, but to me when you are in Vegas, you MUST go to a buffet, at Bellagio that its, worth the price, worth the wait, even though on my most recent trip there was no wait, very surprised. There is constant comparison with this one to the one at Wynn, however this one is by far the best one as far as I know, and I have tried many on the strip. There is a tendency for the more upscale resorts to have the higher quality product and variety for those who are not aware, as I have tried to patronize the cheaper ones, and was not satisfied, you get what you pay for. I go for the "good stuff" rack of lamb, prime rib, beef wellington, Kobe beef, seafood items, ceviche, lobster. Why does everyone rave about king crab legs though? those salty and spongy little skinny things with not even alot of meat. I tried a little here a little there though as far as the other items, just for the sake of trying as many things as possible. I tried to stay away from the Japanese section, though as majority of the time, buffets tend not to be quite as authentic as one would expect. The sushi was okay, nothing special, accompanied by a seaweed type salad of some kind. The desserts were one of the best parts of the buffet, as the choices are good. I went for the chocolate eclairs, tiramisu, mini cakes, cones with a chocolate mousse and rasperry, strawberry cake. The desserts were good, nothing was too sweet. I then topped it off with a good cup of coffee. I would come back everytime!!!!!!!!笑
So bad the foods is salty not too much of variety is suck services is still great the needs to replace the head chefs笑
This is the best buffet I have ever eaten at. The food wasn't just your standard buffet fair. There were Indian dishes, Italian, Asian as well as American and sea food which include crab legs. The flavor level was beyond buffet level. More like you would find in a high end restaurant. 
 Oh and the deserts! Don't get me started on the deserts! Just make sure you save room for desert. Don't just pick one, pick them ALL! 
 The line was pretty long, so come early. We lucked out and had a comp and got to go in the vip line, so we waited about 5 minutes.笑
For buffets in Vegas I would rate this as 4.5 stars.
I was very surprised by the high quality of foods served here....it was much better than I remembered it being when I went here around New Year's! I've only been to the Vegas buffets for dinner, but I think that Bellagio is definitely worth ~$30 per person for the kinds of foods offered here! Bellagio is also cheaper than Wynn (~$38) and Wicked Spoon (~$37) while the quality remains just as high.
So many delicious foods that I couldn't move past 1 food station without filling up my plate! lol
Desserts are also delicious minus the bread pudding and bananas foster. My FAV was the white chocolate cream nutella in a chocolate covered mini waffle cup!! I could eat 20 of them!!!!!!    :9笑
This review is for dinner! The Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel. Walking through the lobby and the garden is a treat in itself. The blown stained glass sculptures on the ceiling are beautiful. 

It is ~$46 for one adult dinner buffet ticket. There are at least 8 serving areas with tons and tons of food choices. I was starving when I walked in so I made the amateur mistake of piling up my plate before thoroughly checking all the choices. Here's what I liked the most out of everything I tried:

1. Snow crab/king crab legs- this is a very popular item at this buffet. Delicious but of course very messy. Our waiter was very considerate and brought us plenty of wet toilettes. 
2. Caviar- I only tried the American caviar atop the bellini, but this was goooood. Rich, salty, flavorful, and absolutely delicious. 
3. Mango coconut panna cotta- this was a flavor explosion in a mini jar. Yummmmmy. Light and really fantastic!
4. Steak tartare- served over toast and very tasty. 

Great experience! Enjoyed and spent 2 hours here.笑
My boyfriend kept asking why I wanted to eat at a Buffet, after all I usually eat small portions of a normal entree.  But I kept dreaming of a s'morgasboard of food all waiting to be gobbled up by little ole me.  We drove down the strip and I said "HEY, I bet the Bellagio had a wonderful Buffet."  Mind you, it is now 10 am, breakfast time in Vegas.  We were expecting a line wrapped around the casino, but we were just in time to escape such nonsense. 

Sure the buffet cost me a pretty penny, but when I walked up to the valley of all that is food, I was perplexed at how many choices I had! My boyfriend carefully warned me, "Look around before you pick anything."  Okay, that is probably why he is a keeper.  He knows me all too well.  So I started scoping out all of the breakfast staples, then the brunch type food and even the regular lunch food.  I found this french toast sandwich thing that had chocolate and bananas in the middle, a strawberry salad, some egg tortilla thing, and all sorts of random nibbles.  I loved most of it but disliked the sweet corn bisque and the random egg tortilla thing.  They had yummy breads and muffins including an Apple Walnut muffin.  They had sugar free options and healthier choices.  In the end I ate half of my food, and my belly was screaming that I never eat again but all in all.  Well worth it.  

Oh and when we left, there was a line wrapped around the casino :)笑
My group and I ate here Sunday Memorial Day Weekend 2012. The wait was a long one, but the service was worth the wait. Our server was Leilani Q., if you are lucky enough to get her, thank your luck stars! She talked to us and she has been with the company for 19 years and Day 1 at the Buffet. SHE NEEDS A RAISE!!! She was on top of everything and made our meal delightful. For a champagne brunch the price was very reasonable compared to other places, I was shocked at how much less it was to other buffets. The food was okay, but just based on our server I will be back!笑
It's 3:45 pm and no bread available. Paid 80.01 for the dinner  buffet. Head chef says they are switching over from lunch to dinner. Really? Then you should switch my bill from dinner to lunch. The food was cold and meat was tough. Pretty sad for Bellagio's.  Won't be back...笑
There isn't anything like a Las Vegas ultra-buffet. The King of Buffets is definitely at the Bellagio. You can get a thick, juicy steak grilled to order with your crab legs and I can't even begin to describe what its like when you come here. I think, if you don't know then you'll just have to find out. The price-tag looks steep on the surface but once you try it you realize thats its such a bargain and you end up like me... How do they make a profit? Oh yeah, gambling.笑
Okay...All my friends knows that I hate buffet, well....." Hate" is exaggerating!!!  "Dislike" is more likely....

Bellagio buffet really offer pretty good food, Not the greatest...but C'mon its buffet what do you expect? I mean the selections were good...Hand-roll can be little better, dessert can use a little help (some of the cakes taste pretty much the same) but the fresh squeezed OJ are..fresh! 

Me and my friend did stuffed our face to a level that we can appreciate the feeling of hungry again.... like... following day.  I am not here to rate the food quality like a regular restaurant. 

Occasionally I do stuff my face just to prove a point, which is... "I still got it!!!!"笑
Not too shaby. Iam not a buffet person but this buffet passes my test lol. Has a variety of foods including shrimp cocktail and king crab legs that are already sliced in half. Everything else is eatable, not saying it's the best but not can't say it's the worse. My favorite was the shrimp cocktail. Staff is friendly and attentive.笑
I don't remember everything I ate here. I'm terrible at writing reviews for buffets because all I do is pick whatever I like and eat it and if I don't like it, I just trash it. Well, I  do like this place because I actually did almost eat everything I picked. 

This is random but I'm a Mac and Cheese lover. This place has the best Mac and cheese. it was in a mini casserole dish and the breadcrumbs just topped it off. Brilliant. This buffet won my heart. Their desserts are pretty bomb too. I had too much of those. I ate a lot here, period. I wish I remembered exactly what i ate but I don't. I just know I came out here as a happy camper with food coma lol.

I'd definitely come back again whenever I have the time to eat because I never have the time to eat in Vegas!
I'm sorry for neglecting you but I will be returning this summer =D笑
It's the Bellagio...it's the best.  The lunch buffet was amazing, my friends and I sat there for a good two hours trying to get our money's worth.  We tried every single food they had and the sheer size of the choices makes it worth the price - I can't even list everything because they had literally ANY food you could think of.  The deserts in particular were very good.  This is the only buffet I've ever done in Vegas so I suspect I would be disappointed going anywhere else!! How can you beat the Bellagio??笑
This place generates hype from some people..I don't know why. It's not bad but it's not great. Definitely better than the MGM resorts buffets but not the best out there. I guess for breakfast it was worth the try. I might have to try their dinner though..but I don't know because meals in Vegas are meaningful to me.笑
Last year was good but  I've been there  last week it was not bad. the service was good, the deserts are so Yamiiiiiii笑
This place was made for fatties like me :) God knows why we decided to go here before XS, but I was trying reaaaally hard not to eat too much so I wouldn't look like a stuffed sausage at the club. Impossible. They have EVERYTHING and it all tastes marvelous. 

When I was first told that we would be paying $40 for a buffet, I was adamant about going somewhere else, but it was worth it. We waited on a long line to get in, and once we were in there, phew...at least my dress wasn't too tight. 

Besides tasting good, the food is presented beautifully. I like pretty food :) I'll definitely go back on my next Vegas trip.笑
The best buffet I have ever had in Vegas so far!( This is my 3rd one every vist lol) We came here for lunch on a friday afternoon it was $21.99 per person so not too bad...The kobe beef mini burgers were def the highlight they were so yummy...they have a lot of high end food... I think lunch is the perfect time to go because they have a large range of foods that fit as breakfast and lunch and come on who wakes up for breakfast when they are in Vegas! lol 

I will def be back and back and back :D笑
Yum. We were seated around 10 am. I was amazed at first that they had congee!!! They even had pork sung and miso soup for breakfast! It was the most exciting part of the meal. They also had lots of mixed berries, which were so sweet that J was wondering if they added sugar to it. I believe the answer is no, although I can't say that with 100% confidence. They also had the cutest little apples which were also very good. The food they serve seems to be good quality and not just large quantities. For breakfast, there's a huge selection. While we were there, they even started to bring out lunch foods! Had we waited around a little longer, we could've gotten our hands on more lunch food. I wanted to stick around until the sushi came out but wasn't willing to wait another hour. Regardless, we left happy and stuffed.笑
One of the best buffets i've been to in Vegas. LOVE THE DESSERTS...creme brulee was AWESOME! Gotta try it, it's a bit pricey but well worth it!笑
Wow! So pleasantly surprised. It felt like a glimpse of heaven when we first saw all the food! Personally, I don't think you will find a dinner buffet much better than this one on the strip. Especially in comparison to the Wynn, which has gone totally downhill over the past year. 


The Bellagio buffet has Alaskan King Crab legs. And if they weren't so cold and skinny,  I would've gladly given this buffet 5 stars. However, they had Chilean sea bass which melted in my mouth. They also had a sushi bar with Poki bowls, rolls and sashimi. Not to mention, the dessert bar was pretty delicious.  

Overall, my friends and I were very pleased with this buffet. It had A TON of things to choose from and I am sad to say that our full stomachs would not permit us even touch half of the delicious variety they offered. 
Two things to definitely try  are their white chocolate with nutella filled cones and the Exotic Cake. To die for!!笑
man went at brunch time (11am) line looked long (out side past the restrooms) but only took about 20mins to get inside.

$26 for brunch (breakfast and lunch items) was solid, waffles, eggs, really good bacon, soups, sushi, pizza, roast turkey salad and fruit bars, dessert bar area, cereal bar area, 

pretty good amount of food, and i feel its cheap for a big hotel buffet, great before a walk down the strip!笑
We'll I can say that the hype is true about this place. By far, the best buffet I've ever been to. Very wide ranging selection of food for the likes of everyone. Food was delicious, but not exemplary. However, just being able to say that about a buffet is a major win in my opinion.

The line to get in is split between reservations and non reservations. I came at an off peak time so I got right in. It's also not very expensive when compared to the amount of food you have access to. There's also plenty of tables and bar areas to grab a seat as the place is very big.

I had everything from vegetable stir fry to penne vodka and it was delicious. Food lines moved very quickly and your drink was always refilled in an acceptable amount of time. They have a pretty impressive dessert section as well.

All in all, this place was awesome. A definite must in Vegas.笑
Compared to any other buffet I've been too, this one is at the top.  We went on a Thursday so it was $29 a person.    What a deal!  I had about $50 worth of Alaskan King Crab Legs!  All pre-cut and all fresh.  It was great.  The sushi was terrific.  The service good.  etc.  I would definately recommend.笑
I have always wanted to eat here and unfortunately I did. I got the worst food poisoning/ intestinal pain of my life. Everything looks great on the surface, but do not be fooled! $40 down the drain.笑
Ate at the buffet here 10 years ago, and it was bad.  However, my friends all decided to eat there, so gave this place another chance.  Just like 10 years ago, it's not good at all.  Not a whole lot of variety and the food quality just isn't there.  I tried...笑
Of all the Vegas hotel buffets I have had this is the best... As my friend once said this is the epitome of high end gluttony. At about $40 dollars it's not cheap but if u were going to go out to eat at a restaurant in Vegas you would spend twice that.

Staff is always awesome quick to refill your drinks.  Food is amazing like a high end restaurant... Definitely feels like a place where the cost of the food you eat could be more than the amount u pay.

Deserts for daaaayyyyys... I have at least one of every one. 

If nothing else you will eat enough so you don't have to eat again...

Never heard anyone not like this place... If ur in Vegas u should give it a try笑
I wasn't planning to eat here, but it was convenient because we were staying at the hotel and had a line pass. The seating area decor is just a step above Hometown Buffet and really nothing to write home about. We also waited a while before someone took our beverage order. But hey, it's a buffet, and OH THE FOOD!! The standouts for me were:

- Prime rib: quality reminiscent of House of Prime Rib in SF (my fave!), and there's even Yorkshire pudding with creamed spinach if you want to recreate your HOPR plate :) 
- Alaskan king crab + snow crab: Humma and I stopped pacing ourselves here and heaped 2 full plates (regret came later). 

Pro-tip: Come at 3:15pm, pay the weekend brunch price of $28 pp, and enjoy dinner selection at 3:30pm for $10 less. Best of all, this 2.5 hr glutton-inducing ordeal kept us full for the rest of the night.笑
came here for lunch, the price wasn't bad at all, like $22/person (perhaps this is the lunch price, and not the dinner price).

maybe it's outta season, or maybe it's the lunch time thing, but no alaskan crab legs???? nooooo....

good variety, kick ass sushi and hand rolls, most of the desserts were super tasty (and i tried like every dessert).笑
Most important message: go at the in between times right before they switch over to dinner so you pay lunch prices and get dinner options.  $20 for lunch.

Since the Rio buffet is the first buffet I remember going to in Vegas, I always compare others to it.  I'm surprised that the selection is bigger, since Vegas is the city of excessiveness.  There is a large variety of foods, salads, seafood, meat, pasta, desserts, and everything in between.

Mmmm....king crab legs.  Saltier and smaller than the Wynn, but still good.  At least they crack them for you.  They had the best salmon and ahi poke that I could have devoured a whole plate of.  Fresh seafood!!!!

The desserts were ok, I thought there would be more and that they would be yummier, but after eating all that I did, I didn't really need dessert anyway.

And our server was on top of refilling our iced teas.

Overall, Bellagio was really good, but I think I prefer the Wynn buffet because the quality of the food is better.笑
I was expecting a lot more for what they charge. The buffet wasn't any better than others on the strip. Station casinos still give you the most bang for your buck. If ambience ID what your after than this is your place笑
You would think "Wow! The Buffet at Bellagio.... Must be nice." Nope. 

Server: what can I get for you two drink? 
Me (order for the table): 2 orange juice, 2 coffees, and 2 waters with lemon 
Server: ok 2 coffees and 2 orange juice with lemon 
Me: no 2 waters with lemon
Server: that's what I said. *rolls her eyes* walks away

.................... No ...... You didn't......

So bad start. But it's fine. Let's go eat. 

Sunday Brunch as of 12/13/15 is $29.99. 

Omelette station. 
Salmon raw and cooked 
Sea bass (dry) 
Cod (dry) 
Pizza station- really delicious 
Prime Rib- DELICIOUS 
Red velvet Waffles/regular waffles- just waffles
French Toast- just French toast
Pancakes- just pancakes 
Cereal 
Oatmeal
Grits 
Congee- with no topping options so it's just rice 
Tomatoes 
Fruit 
Corn chowder- DELICIOUS 
Desserts were all a miss- carrot cake, cheesecake, puffs, cakes, muffins, ice cream from a soft serve machine 

Just very blah brunch. I had Bacchanal the day before and it KILLED this brunch ALBEIT it was $49.99 BUT had so much more to offer than here. 

SKIP this.笑
Really not impressed.  Smaller then other less expensive buffets.  The overall taste of the food was mediocre and some was downright gross. It sent me to the bathroom right away with a big belly ache.  I will likely not go there again nor will I recommend it to anyone. The only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 was because the shrimp cocktail was good,  although I don't know if that was what sent me to the bathroom.笑
"overpriced and kinda lame. not sure why everyone raves about it"笑
The buffet at Bellagio was my first experience at a Vegas buffet, and it set the bar very high! We waited forever and a day to get into the restaurant, even though it was close to closing time, so we knew the food would be good! I was very impressed by the all you can eat crab legs that are already cracked for you, tortellini, salad bar, and warm dishes. The dessert table was insane as well! There was creme brulee for dayssss :) They had a variety of diet sodas available, which I appreciated. The waitress was super nice and offered to get us food off of the buffet. Everything about this experience was the bomb and I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in Vegas!笑
Lemonade tastes bad...food is ok, nothing exceeds my expectation. Went to see O Show n thought would give it a try...wouldn't go again.笑
Maybe it is that we visited on our third day, after having visited Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon... We kept exchanging 'What happened to this place?' glances during whole dinner. We - hubby, brother & yours truly - used to think that The Buffet was the BOMB but last visit left us wondering why we should ever come back.

Just few examples - 
* Salty icy king crab legs: totally not edible
* Prime rib with serious lack of flavor: I don't mean put a ton of salt, no. I mean just adequate seasoning to bring out the natural flavor
* Subpar sushi/ sashimi
* Dessert that are pretty to look at but totally deficient in bright fresh flavor or delight to a perfect end of a meal

Why not create a competitive edge with low glycemic dessert selection with stevia (not the Truvia junk... Use Stevia in The Raw) or organic blue agave syrup (Costco carries them), for example? Or how about artisanal ice cream/ sorbet that packs some awesome flavor?

Really, for the money and time (which equals to money) that we spent and for comparative selections out there... Hmmm. 

1 star for ambiance - locational advantage of being at Bellagio
1 star for service - we got our drinks & silverwares and reasonably efficient removal of used plates笑
I don't really know what people are complaining about. I think this was a pretty solid buffet. It's pricey (around the holidays) but typically cheaper than other buffets on the Strip, especially @ Caesar's Palace where we were staying. 

The food at the brunch buffet was delicious. The mashed potatoes and gravy was amazing! The eggs were cooked to perfection. The fried rice was great as well. So were the meats and desserts and fruit. The only things I didn't like were the lamb (too hard) and the crab legs (although everyone else seemed to LOVE them.)

Great place to experience a Vegas buffet!笑
I'll start by saying that I am not really a "buffet" person.  I typically think of those low-end, low-class joints where large people stuff themselves with full-on, glutenous abandon...and it kind of freaks me out.  Also, I find buffets to be overkill....I'm a conscious eater and know I can't (and shouldn't) eat $36 worth of breakfast food in one sitting, so I usually don't want to waste the money - I'd much prefer to waste it gambling, but, I digress.  

Anyway, for all of my hang-ups about buffets, I will say that the Bellagio does a very nice job.  The quality of the food is good and fresh and the selection is enormous.  The service, as with everything else in this hotel, is wonderful.   Be prepared to wait in line....a long line at that...and listen to the group of guys howling about the night before, or the group of girls terribly hungover ready to go to the pool.  :)

In any case, if you staying at or even just visiting the Bellagio, you really can't go wrong.  In my opinion, this is still the best hotel in Vegas when it comes to service and quality.  Enjoy!笑
Quoting the words from Weird Al's song "Just eat it, eat it, just eat it, eat it, ooh!" 

Those words were singing in my head as I saw all the stations of Salads, Breakfast foods, Soups, Alaskan King Crab legs, Shrimp Cocktail, Meat Carvings, Chinese & Italian foods, Fresh Fruits and Desserts. The mister and I ate here on the morning of Black Friday. As everyone was at the mall buying flat screens at sunrise, the mister and I headed to the buffet. We were unable to do the buffet on Thanksgiving day because the lines were so long, it went all the way back to the guest elevators. I am not waiting on line as if I was on line at go on rides at Disney. So at 10 am, there was no line at all but the restaurant was really packed. We were seated a like a mile from the buffet. 

The buffet station were well organized and maintained. The mister and I started off with the breakfast foods and then turned to the King crab and shrimp. Normally, who eats crab and shrimp for breakfast, well you would when the price of brunch is at $32/person. We ate to our stomach's desire and to "Just eat it, eat it, just eat it, eat it, ooh". We walked out of there as full as can be and it's the only buffet in the world, that the mister and I would eat at.笑
查理對於 賭城 Las Vegas 內的 自助餐 Buffet，那種能讓人毫無忌憚的 吃到飽 AYCE、大快朵頤種類豐富多元的美食最初的印象，就是透過在電視播放的美食節目中所介紹而來，而獲得節目青睞雀屏中選來介紹推薦的自助餐餐廳，就是早年曾是頂級自助餐的代名詞、也曾獲得第一名頭銜位於1998年創立的以老字號經典酒店Bellagio內的這間自助餐。

查理在感恩節時造訪並無遇上任何排隊人潮，看來在眾多新穎的飯店和所屬自助餐開設後，這個老牌的自助餐餐廳是受到不少影響。在特殊節日時提供的用餐內容比起一般時段豐富，當然價格也比較高。

這裡的用餐內容並不包括無限制點用的酒精性飲料，如果想點酒來配餐的話，這個位於用餐區中央的吧台就是一個獨特的設計，近期也可以在用餐外加額點用把啤酒、紅酒等酒精性飲料也可以無限暢飲。

以溫暖的黃色燈光為主，室內的採光是有些許昏暗，但也營造出典雅富麗的用餐環境。每個區餐區與整體用餐環境的佈置都可以看得出來經營團隊的心思，走走逛逛心情也跟著愉悅起來。坐定位後直奔造訪自助餐時首要的「攻擊目標」，看到數量眾多的蟹腳交疊而成的小山，瞬間讓人心底的期待獲得解放。

同時能夠吃到帝王蟹與雪蟹蟹腳，應該是在特殊的節日才有的福利，而當晚提供的是鮭魚魚子醬，當然也有各種壽司類的餐點。壽司類的餐點雖然採用的魚料都算新鮮，但是預先採用機器捏製的飯糰，乾硬的口感讓人有些難以入口。

雪蟹是一般是在自助餐中最常出現的主力食材，這裡的雪蟹蟹腳不愧是招牌的食材，肉質纖細多汁每一口都是吃到滿滿的甜味，滴一些檸檬汁提鮮保證是會讓人吃著一盤接著一盤的美味。帝王蟹確實是會讓人暫時失去理智大量拿取的食材，帶有更豐滿的肉質造裡說風味也更出色，但意外的是這次吃到的帝王蟹在肉質本身的甜味還不如雪蟹，吃了一盤就回到雪蟹的擁抱了。

火烤肉食區通常都是在蟹腳之外另外一個在自助餐中會吸引人大排長龍的區域。遺憾的是不知道是不是當天的廚師閃神失誤，幾種肉品吃起來都有烤得過熟過老的問題，靠著出色的醬料調味勉強吃完。

肉質厚實飽滿的智利圓鱈Chilean Sea Bas，以中式的醬汁來調味，也是一道用料相當實在、不可錯過的佳餚。對喜歡美國南方風味小龍蝦風味的顧客來說，看到這一盤的內容相信是會讓人興奮的，實際上的口味也挺道地的。整體的熟食風味算是在海鮮之外讓人印象最為深刻的，各種食物的口味都還不差，每種都夾一些來試試來滿足好奇心。

雖然整體的內容到說不上讓人驚艷的部份，但是各種食物的都算是帶有一定的水準，尤其是雪蟹蟹腳的甜度更是讓人帶有甚客印象。近期在週末晚餐時段的 Gourmet Dinner，自助餐內容還囊括了吃到飽魚子醬等帶給顧客更豐富的餐點內容、且在平時也可以用合理的價格來點用喝到飽的酒精性影料、週末也有提供可以加價喝到飽的香檳自助餐，有機會再來回味這間作為查理對於賭城自助餐美食的啟發的知名自助餐。笑
I ate here a zillion times w/ my roommate when I lived in vegas, b/c he works here. First off, I wouldn't want to eat here in the regular section, away from the VIP room off to the left when you enter. It seemed cramped and depressing... think golden-corral. Yeah.

Food: I start off with a mixed green salad, amazing sushis and raw salmons, then go italian/seafood(they also have beef, etc, including kobe, but their steak and poultry is bland and under-seasoned to my tastes).

SECRET: make sure to stop by the custom-seafood grill next to the seafood. It's so easy to miss when no else is in line. Ask the chef for lots of scallops and shrimp, then you choose veggies and sauce(sun-dried tomato-sauce is my fav!). They also do custom pizzas, which are great as well w/ the thin crust(you should obviously sit down, then come back to pick up the latter). 

Desserts here are so-so. They have great fruit tarts and bananas foster. Nothing amazing like the desserts you'd find at Bally's Sterling Brunch or even the Mirage (dinner) buffet. That being said, I'd choose the Mirage over this place any day owing to the former being more consistent and better all-around. 

But, if you're a sushi/seafood/italian(this is an italian joint, after all) lover, this is def. a place worth checking out. Remember, the custom-made lines dish out a meal twice as tasty here.笑
I was so looking forward to this buffet.  I expected more seafood items than what was offered.  They had snow crab legs, sushi, variety of mussels dishes, and variety of fishes.  But their sushi wasn't extensive at all just the ordinary California roll and vegetarian rolls; nothing "fancy" and too much rice.  The meat was prepared nicely however after sitting under the heat lamps it got dry and had a jerky texture instead.  Lots of dessert offerings.笑
Came here a while back and it was pretty good, great ambiance and vibe. Feels. Very upscale compared to some other lesser buffets near by. Plenty of choices and lots of good stuff for the hardcore meat eaters out there. It was pretty crowded though. If u are looking for a late night grub sesh before hitting the strip or a club this ain't the place. But if u are looking for a nice place to take your girl before going out then yea come here!笑
I'm surprised people say this is the best buffet. I came here on a Monday night, ready to chow down, but found that very little of the food was that good. I mean it was okay, the unlimited crab legs were greatly enjoyed, but other than that, I found most of the meats to be salty or chewy, the veggies were bland, the ceasar salad was AWFUL, and then.. everything else was just meh. There was impressive quantity and if you're a lover of shrimp, crab legs, and desserts, you can get your fill, but I've definitely had better buffets in my time.笑
This buffet is a bit on the pricey side, however it's totally worth it! We ate at The Buffet before watching O. We had to wait in line for about 25 minutes (not bad for a Saturday night). The Buffet has many delicious selections that are fresh and cooked to perfection. I would highly recommend trying this place out if you're not worried about spending a little more $$!笑
Not too impressed actually. I don't know if we got here too late but it seemed a bit dirty. There was a very good selection however but the food wast 'delicious' but I guess you can say it's pretty cheap.笑
Usually pretty good service but not so great this time.  Had to wait in line for over an hour, which was understandable for being NYE, but once we were inside we were told we only had 1 hour since they were going to switch from brunch to dinner.  Other than that,  everything was good.  Lots of sugar-free options.笑
I was very disappointed with the Thanksgiving Buffett., this year. This was me and my family's 2nd year traveling to Vegas for thanksgiving and we returned to this Buffett because last year was so good. The meat choices were great but you could have done better with the sides and vegetables. What's a holiday meal without macaroni and cheese? The vegetable selection was very slim to none as an alone dish. There were some vegetable combination dishes. The Buffett was not worth the 3 hour wait in line and the $55.12 pp. What a difference a year makes. May return to Vegas next year for Thanksgiving but we will not be eating our Holiday here.笑
Went here for a friends birthday. The food was "not bad" according to our party of 9. The service was pretty standard nothing spectacular. For close to $50 per person, the food should be a lot better. Sushi selection was minimal, the meat was limited, and everything else was either lacking in flavor or too salty. The dessert was the saving grace of the trip. There was a large selection from fruits, cake, and ice cream. Wouldn't recommend this buffet.笑
To be honest, this wasn't our 1st choice of buffets to try on our Las Vegas anniversary trip this time around.

 We have been here before. We wanted to try Caesar's buffet but the line is so darn long :/ plus our fault for going for dinner after 9 not knowing buffets close so early. So this particular night it was no different. Got here at 9, waited a good 20 minutes, panicking that we would get old food. They reassured us that they will serve past 10. It's not cheap that we can just blow away $ and eat old food. This will be the only buffet we will hit just the 2 of us sans kids and we can finally eat in peace and enjoy it. But our fault for coming so late. 
With that said. We liked their selection. First saw the crab legs but if you go down more, there are different kinds of crab legs, better ones by the salad area! Ahh. They were good, fresh, cracked and really good with butter. Their cocktail shrimp and lamb chop was good too. Their sushi was fresh. 
There wasn't much time to dally trying other useless typical buffet stuff and frankly their Asian cuisine n won ton soup wasn't good at all but that's ok. Came here for seafood. 
I remember their desserts were divine last time we came but bc of the late hour, there wasn't much selection left. Their flan was good, the last one we were lucky to get. Otherwise rest was so so. 
Yeah I do wish they have gelato instead of the soft serve. :/ Strange that they don't. 

Our server was a nice Asian lady n very kind and stopped by alot. Told us when to do the last calls and patient with us coming in so late. 

Just personally wish we had more time to enjoy our food instead of rushing and scarving it all down.

Did like the fact, unlimited beverages came with it and coffee too. 

Overall, enjoyed it. Crab legs were the best. If it wasn't for M Resorts' buffet featuring their divine sashimi salad, I would come back here next time :)笑
I was on a quest to find the BEST buffet in Vegas on our vacation this week, and hands down, of the 7 buffet's chosen to compete in my venture (compiled from various online reviews of the best buffet's in Las Vegas), This was the winner. First off, total price paid for 2 adults including tax= $54.05 (My visit was around 1:00 PM on a Tuesday). There was no wait, yet the buffet itself was pretty slammed.
 SERVICE- What gave this place huge props to begin with was the service. As a "tourist", figuring out what you need to do from place to place without feeling or looking like a moron is sometimes frustrating. Communication from the employees were superb. They told us what to do, where to go, and what to expect without us even asking. This was THE ONLY restaurant that did this. Our drinks were never empty- again, the only place so far to accomplish this and our waitress truly made us feel as if we were receiving VIP treatment.
FOOD- I will rave for the rest of my life on the unbelievable flank steak we could cut with our forks. Most restaurants we visit, my husband always comments "yours is way better". But not this time. The comments from him were more "you should totally figure out how to make this!" If there was a food I could be negative on, it would be the breakfast sausage. They were huge and very juicy but they surprisingly didn't have much flavor. My husbands eyes rolled in the back of his head when tasting the corn chowder... he said the only thing he wished they had that they didn't was corn bread to accompany this amazingness! and whoever reported negative feedback on the sushi, I have been to SEVERAL upscale and top rated sushi restaurants and found these to be surprisingly awesome especially for a buffet. Definitely nothing to complain about. Last to report are the desserts.... I am probably the biggest critique in the world in this department and will say I was extremely pleased to see the biggest selection (out of all the buffets) offering sugar free dessert selections. My husband is diabetic and was able to feel normal again here. Again, if I had to complain, it would be that they put some of the desserts on plates which made it harder to be a big pig in one trip! Beautifully presented and perfectly flavored in every way.
WHAT TO EXPECT- Extremely clean, fresh food with unbelievable service, and overall impressive bang for the buck! Not to mention, the only buffet that gave us REAL linen napkins! Very impressed. Good Job Bellagio!!!笑
I would give this place three and a half stars, but I think the four star review is inflated, so here's my three stars.

The Sunday champagne brunch was comparable to the Wynn dinner I had over a year ago, the Spice Market dinner (also over a year ago), and the Mirage lunch I had two days before. There is nothing here to piss yourself over. It is more expensive than the Mirage lunch buffet, and there isn't as much variety as one would have hoped for. 

Shrimp cocktail = also at the Mirage lunch buffet.
Prime rib = also at the Mirage lunch buffet, and about the same, if not worse.
Chilean sea bass = eh.

I just don't see what the big deal is. The unlimited champagne, which you pay an extra $5 for, is the only difference. They are not lazy about refilling the champagne, and our server was really attentive and nice. She even filled us up one last time before we left, so we walked out with a full champagne flute on our way to gamble.

If the other buffets offered a champagne brunch, I'd be so there. What a disappointment. I will never come here again.笑
Bellagio buffet is good, but not as amazing as everyone portrays it to be. They definitely have a good selection, but I feel like a lot of their items are heavily salted.笑
I came here yesterday, unfortunately it was Father's day so it was pretty packed. I was certainly disappointed with the whole interior and layout of the buffet. There was no proper formal line, and it was so crowded and unorganized. Considering that Bellagio is a 5 diamond resort, I expected the decor and interior/layout to be more sophisticated and modern. Instead it was very old-fashioned, seemed like I was dining at one of the station casino's buffet. 

Other than the layout of the buffet, the quality of the food was not bad at all. There were lots of variety and the staff members kept the king crab/snow crab fresh. However the prime rib was horrible. The desserts were my favorite. (I have a crazy sweet tooth thats why.) I still think the Studio-B buffet at the M resort is the best for its price.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is OK. 

I got a lot of items, mostly snow crab legs though (you got to win at the buffet!). I also got eggs benedict, bacon, sausage, California rolls (I know), and a spring roll. All were OK. The best were probably the desserts. I had a small pecan tart and a carrot cake for dessert and both were great. 

The wait on a Sunday after check-out was about 15 min. The price was about $32. The ambiance is alright.笑
Very very good lunch buffet.  It probably doesn't top the Wynn for lunch but it is  cheaper too so you got to scale things appropriately.  The highlight items of the meal were the raspberry chocolate mousse, steamed clams, and a fabulous variety of fish (even better than what was offered at the Wynn for dinner buffet).  The fish I tried included salmon, tuna, african bluenose, wahoo, steamed halibut, and chilean seabass!!!!  My favorites were the streamed halibut and the chilean seabass...they flaked off very easily and the chilean seabass has a nice natural oily texture..delicious!!!!

The cut meat like turkey, 7 spice lamb leg,  beef flank, and chicken were just average.  Still, a very great buffet.   I ate so much that I got dizzy and had to rest at the table...but it was worth it.  =)笑
WOW!!!! They just have everything. No matter what you're in a mood for, they have it. We took so many plate just because we wanted to try as much as possible. Food was fresh and yummy. Pleasantly satisfied笑
Perhaps one of the most important questions I asked myself before flying to Vegas was, "Which Vegas buffets are worth eating at?" I mean, you *are* in Vegas--might as well eat at one of them while you're here. The Buffet at Bellagio is accessible through the hotel's casino; the entrance is in front of a row of slot machines and near the Cirque du Soleil souvenir shop.

PRICE and WAIT: $35.99 for dinner on a Tuesday. You have access to a solid selection of seafood, grilled meat, and a variety of other dishes spanning a handful of cuisines. I arrived at around 2:45pm (right before dinner), and waited for roughly 45 minutes to be seated; 30 minutes was waiting just to pay, while the remaining 15 minutes was in another line to be seated. There were four parties ahead of mine, so the wait wasn't too bad. M Life members have their own line, but the regular line actually moved faster for some reason.

A lot of people say there is a strict two hour limit at the buffet. As someone who has dined here recently, I can confirm that is *not* necessarily true. The receipt will state that the staff encourages you to take up to two hours to enjoy the food, but no one will walk up and tell you to leave if you go over a few minutes. Just be mindful and courteous to those in line.

SELECTION: There is *no lobster at all* (except during holidays), there are no oysters or crabs, and their caviar bar (with champagne) is available only on the weekend at extra cost. There is, however, snow crab legs, an assortment of shrimp, an okay selection of sushi and sashimi, ahi and salmon poke, prime rib, roast beef, rotisserie chicken, meat loaf, a variety of sausage, brick oven pizza, more than a handful of Italian selections, probably one Indian dish, a handful of cooked Chinese dishes, a few vegetarian-friendly items, a salad bar, plenty of different types of rolls, and a pretty large selection of desserts among others. That may seem like a lot, but to be honest, the buffet area is actually not as large as Youtube videos make it appear and as other reviewers suggest.

If you're hungry and don't want to spend $55 at the Bacchanal or $105 at Sterling's, The Buffet at Bellagio is a great option. It's one of the more popular places, and the quality of the food was pretty good given the relatively lower price per person. Drinks from the bar are separate; order and pay through the waiter or waitress for your area and they will bring them to you.笑
The best buffet that I had during my recent trip to Las Vegas.  The other two buffets that I tried were More at Luxor and Buffet at the Aria.  Those both pare in comparison to this buffet.  While I had no line to wait in at more the buffet at Aria had a long line as did the Bellagio buffet when we arrived at a little before 4.  

While there was a line it moved fairly quickly and we were seated within 30 minutes.  Once getting past the hostess and were showed to our seats it is a wonder to me why there is even a line.  More than half of the room we were sitting in was empty and it seemed there were more than enough servers and bussers to handle this size room.  

Well getting past all of these things and getting to the food.  The choices seemed like they were endless.  The buffet line runs the backside of the wall and pretty much runs from one side of the dining room to the other.  

They had:

Kobe beef
Prime rib
pork loin
turkey
king crab legs
snow crab legs
sushi 
poke
breads
soups
salad bar
and the list could go on and on. (And all of this for $26 a head.

Almost everything that I tried here was delicious except for the crab legs and the kobe beef.  It is a shame what they did to the kobe beef it wasn't tender or juicy but dry and bland.  The chef that cooked this meat should be fired as it is the worst peace of steak I have ever had.  It tasted so bad I wasn't even sure if it was Kobe beef or not.  Another shame is the crab legs, these things tasted like they had been soaked in salt water over night and were the saltiest crab legs I have ever tried.  

Getting away from these two bad things the service was excellent and all of the other entrees that I have were just spectacular.  Won't be back to this buffet for a while as there are still many more in Las Vegas to try.  But one of the better buffets I had during my recent trip.笑
Buffet looks nice outside and the line you stand in is fancy on the walls and all, but not so great inside. The display where they hold the all the food looks like cafeteria style. Dirty sneeze guards that are greasy and look like they've never been cleaned. The chairs and tables were an older style, not my type, but look clean and ok. Now the most important part, the food. The food was ok. They have lamb and flank steak which were the best. The cocktail shrimp was large and very fresh, didn't taste frozen and thawed a bunch of times. The sushi was not very appealing to look at, but I tried it anyway. Surprisingly, the spicy tuna was pretty good. The desert area had quite a variety, but no gelato and only soft serve. They had carrot cake, lemon, walnut brownies, and more. They did have a full bar, but the prices was very expensive.  The food was ok, but for the price, I've had MUCH better, and I've been to MANY of the buffets in vegas, and this is not the best. Funny, I expect more from the BELLAGIO. I was expecting more and got WAY less. Probably won't come back because of the price.笑
Very good Sunday champagne brunch, but somehow not quite as impressive as I expected for $28.95, or based on its reputation.  Maybe I'm just kind of over the whole buffet abundance thing, and I guess almost everywhere decent in Vegas is expensive now.  

The pros:  Good omelette bar with fresh ingredients.  Very tasty desserts.  Exceptionally friendly, attentive table service -- which can be rare at buffets -- always making sure coffee, water, juice and champagne were dutifully refilled.  And they let you relax and stay forever without feeling rushed.  

The cons:  Rather limited in the seafood department.  Somewhere I'd heard they had sushi at brunch, but California, vegetable, and spicy tuna rolls hardly count (you can get those in the self-serve deli of any decent supermarket).  The one piece of grilled swordfish I bit into was so overcooked I literally could not chew it, so I avoided the rest.

All in all, a very pleasant experience.  Still good enough for 3 stars, while most buffets aren't.笑
Saturday night buffet around 9PM.

At 9PM the line to get into the buffet was still pretty insane.  Thank goodness for line pass!  Saturday is their "gourmet" buffet and you get some extras like beef wellington (pretty good) and lamb chops.  There are also selections of venison and prime rib but both were incredibly bad and overcooked or RAW, not rare.  I've never seen snow crab at the B buffet so I'm guessing they were new.  They also had the usual king crab legs but both the king and snow were partially frozen and TINY.  I'm sure if our party had gone earlier, we would have been able to get the bigger, more meaty ones but oh well.  For a first timer, the buffet would be good but coming back to eat again would be really difficult to justify the $40+ price tag.  Even on a comp, I would probably prefer to have an enjoyable more peaceful meal at the CAFE!笑
So, after reading a few reviews the wife and I decided to Go the The Buffet ...and drum roll please.,.!??!?!!..... It's was Okay good food but there were a few hiccups ..I say this because the food was good but when it's came down to the main event the Crab Legs ( isn't this where we get our monies worth?!? 
) it's wAs a complete FAIL......so after slipping in on the tail end of lunch we decided to stick around to see what dinner had to offer...The flank steak is a MUST have and the mashed potatoes are really good too...now on to the bad part:::: the Crab Legs ...BEWARE they are cold/frozen...now you can have them heated but the line is so long it's rather discouraging ....now I'm not sure about you but I Need butter..and After waiting 25mins for some to become available I almost sat my plate of now  Cold crab legs down and called it a day. The butter finally arrived ...but i was disappointed when I took the first taste ...bland /cold ..and lackluster crab...nice try..even the butter had no taste ..everything else was pretty standard..glad we got the lunch price笑
The Buffet At Bellagio offers a fantastic value and food quality for its guests.

The Bellagio Buffet offers a great assortment of foods that are higher quality typically more expensive then you find in other Vegas hotels. The food selection is smaller, but the quality truly makes up for it. There will be something for everyone to enjoy and since it is a buffet it offers you a great chance to try foods you may have never tried otherwise.

Service is friendly and drinks are refilled quickly.

The Buffet At Bellagio is a great buffet I highly recommend and would return to again. Another great option is the Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, which is better for getting a smaller plated item with more variety in selections (but not as unique of offerings).笑
You can't go wrong with this buffet.  The quality of the food is amazing.  The desserts are great( if not limited selection).  You dont leave feeling all full and gross.  The seafood is heads and tails about the rest.  Case in point, The Bellagio has swordfish and bluenose.  Other "cheaper" buffets serve Tilapia.  The Bellagio also serves Coke products.  A huge plus in my book.  Here is a tip, go for lunch, its 19.95 vs, 29.95 for a weekeday dinner.  The food is basically the same.  We ate here 2x on this trip.  The first was July 4th for the holiday brunch.  The server was great that day.  Yesterday, for lunch, the server SUCKED.  She was so rude.  I asked her if she had a paper napkin to blow my nose and she pointed me in the direction of the bathroom.  I said " you dont have a napkin" and she said "NO".  Thankfully, the woman sitting next to me gave me a tissue.笑
If i were to die from one of the seven deadly sins, it'd definitely be gluttony.

FIVE stars to the buffet at Bellagio for letting me and my girls stay here for FIVE hours and never trying to kick us out!

We started off with a fabulous champaigne brunch followed by about two hours of non-stop chit chatting, and ended it with a delicious seafood dinner.  The wait staff was terribly patient, always keeping our water and coffees filled.  What better way to end a whirlwind of a weekend trip by savoring delicious food and wonderful company?

The only funny thing we noticed is that waitress #2 (yes, we went through three total) came around every 10 minutes asking "do you ladies need anything else?" which kind of implied "no? well, maybe you should leave soon."  We left a BIG tip at the end for their trouble, but all of it might have gone to our last waiter.

THANKS!  and you rock, Bellagio!笑
This place is amazing! I read lots of reviews before heading here because they were all saying the the Buffet at Bellagio had the best bang for its buck. They were all correct.

They've got EVERYTHING here that you could want at an upscale buffet, so it's kind of pointless to list what they've got. 

We went on Thanksgiving day though, and it was completely by mistake actually. We were in town for our wedding and just went to get brunch. They were already serving all the Thanksgiving dinner sides and main courses. I couldn't have expected to see a greater quality and variety of food at my own grandma's house, and that's saying a lot.

I'd definitely head there again!笑
Ok..not sure what all the fuss was about ...I guess I did have to at least try it

They did have sushi but only tuna and salmon...and it was made poorly and people who has no idea how to make cut the sushi and make the rice

The sushi also gave me food poisoning.  

There is another buffet in Albuquerque for about $22 and it included all you can eat oysters, crab, sushi which included yellowtail, red snapper.  

The website said $15-25.  I called and the lady told me $36 on the weekend.  When I came there, they charged $41.  

They are suppose to be the best ?  Don't think so...笑
Soooo much food..... come hungry and with lots of time to really get your money's worth笑
Very expensive at $50 per person but good food and good service. There can be a long wait so if you are in a rush, the buffet may not be the best spot. 

Food: 4
Service (including wait): 3
Total: 3.5 rounds up笑
I felt that this buffet had more of a selection from the Wynn buffet. We went there on a Sunday afternoon and I liked all the selections from every culture. I'm definitely going back.笑
I was little high expectation because it's Bellagio.
I went to the buffet at 8:45. There were all "breakfast" food. 
Coffee, they just give me a cup of coffee not a pot. They come serve you. (ceasers palace gave a pot)
It's easily to get cold.

Everything is not so good. I rather go to ceasers palace's buffet.笑
Not worth the price. The best thing they had was crab legs, but other than that there was nothing special or really good. It was 40 bucks per person and no discount for children. On top of that you now have to get up and get your own drinks and refills. Not going back. Oh, and I had to pay to park笑
Its my favorite buffet place in las Vegas! We waited for over two hours, but it worths it! I love the crab legs best! They also have Chinese food, like roasted duck, i was amazed! The deserts here are also good. After the long time waiting, we ate a lot! Haha, so happy with the dinner!笑
Us Asians are professionals when it comes to buffet. 

Stretchy pants? check. 

Enema the night before? check. 

Not filling up on carbs like bread/rice/potatoes to maximize stomach space? check. 

Crab legs, cocktail shrimp, all things seafood? check. 

Filling up at the dessert station and eating until you're bursting? CHECK!

I'm getting too old for this shit.笑
Decent buffet but definitely can't compare to the size and offerings at Bacchanal and even Wicked Spoon. I've only been to this and the two aforementioned buffets so I don't have a huge reference point to benchmark, but I thought it was ok. They have a good selection of the 'basics' that one might expect at a buffet: king crab legs, snow crab legs, stone crab claws (these were overcooked though), prime rib, turkey, and a pretty good dessert selection. I pretty much just stocked up on king crab legs all night while trying the prime rib and hangar steak. The other nice offering here is the caviar, which was pretty darned good (the Tobiko in particular). Their sushi selection is decent and the tuna was pretty fresh too. 
Dessert was good - they have a large selection of stuff as well as soft serve machines with really good sorbet and custard. Cheaper than Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon but smaller in size. You can't go wrong if you just want no-frills and if you're ok with a smaller selection. I'd probably need to make my rounds at all the remaining major buffets in Vegas before I decide which one I like out of all of them. 
Just FYI: they tack on an 18% gratuity charge since our party was bigger than 8.笑
One word: Chilean Seabass

Very friendly staff; we were amazed by our waitress who refilled our drinks and took all our plates with a smile on her face. If you knew how many plates we went through, you'd be amazed as well. Then there was the manager who saw my disappointment that the fresh strawberries had been put away and brought out a large bowl of strawberries just for me (also with a smile on her face).

Sure, the crab legs had dark spots on them. And might've tasted like ammonia. But everything else was great!

Wynn used to be my go-to buffet, but I think it's not enough better than Bellagio to justify the price. And they don't even have Chilean Seabass.

So at the $20-30 price point, Bellagio is the place to go!笑
Checked it out for dinner buffet using myvegas 2 for 1 reward. 
They have decent selections, but was disappointed in their salad, cold dish appetizer section. Their prime rib and chicken tikka masala were some of my favorites. 
Sushi section was weak but they make you a hand roll on the spot which was decent. 
 I'd visit again with MyVegas points but not with my own money. There are other better buffets in vegas, (bacchanal at caesars, wicked spoon at cosmos, wynn) that I'd rather spend my money on.笑
Yummy food, totally full but I hate to wait!笑
My first buffet in Vegas and it was pretty awesome!   Just wished I didn't have to rush to attend a comedy show so I could really enjoy the food.  Everything was so fresh!  They had both king and snow crab legs.  Would definitely pass on their kobe top sirloin though.   They overcooked it big time.  Prime rib was good though.   Dessert bar had some really great options too! For the price I would definitely come back!笑
I have been eating on a regular basis at the Bellagio Buffet and they really are running the place great.  The best in Vegas without a doubt.

UPDATE 10-10-11 :  I'll rewrite this when I have time but since the Wynn Buffet quit serving King Crab Legs I switched back to the Bellagio.  I have to say it has been excellent again.  The big thing before was they were so slow in changeover from lunch to dinner and now management gets it right out on time.  I was very impressed.  They must have got new management as it is now back to the quality I was used to.

OLD REVIEW:

I am a veteran at eating at the Bellagio Buffet and used to feel it was the best buffet in Vegas.  I have been eating there about 30 times a year since the Bellagio opened.   I felt it was the best back when Steve Wynn opened the joint.  The crab legs used to be giantic and everyhting was super high end.  It declined some over the years but was still great.  I went there yesterday to celebrate a friends birthday and have to say it was a huge disappointment.  Even a great restaurant can sometimes serve a bad meal, a steak too tough, or a dish just not prepared the way it should have been.  That was not the case on this night..  The buffet has just cut way back on the variety and the quality of what it offers.  The reason I have enjoyed this buffet so much in the past is that they always served my favorite items with high quality.  I go there on Friday night which is supposed to be their extra special gourmet buffet..which they charge additional $$$$$ for over other nights.  So I had to pay additional to eat on this night but actually found they weren't even serving most of my favorite dishes.  I am a King Crab junkie.  Although they did have some king crab leg scraps they were serving this day, they had to be the the smallest, most disappointing, dried out, tastless crab legs ever served up in Las Vegas.  My buddy kept saying they had to be some sort of illegal catch because the size was so small.  My other favorite item is the lamb chops.  Last time I ate at the buffet during the week..and they weren't serving the lamb chops..I inquired and the chef told me they have them on the Friday Gourmet nights.  So I was excited for that but on this day they skipped serving them.  Big disappointment.  My third favorite item is the sea bass and they weren't serving that this night either.  My buddy really enjoys unique meats like ostrich, buffalo, etc. and none of those meats were in the mix tonight either.  So not only were they missing all of my favorites..they didn't even serve anything special as alternatives.  To top things off my favorite dessert is the napoleons and they ran out before I was able get any.  It seems like the bufett was a winner every time until the past 6 months or so and it has steadily declined.笑
I came here today thinking it would be a really great buffet but I was wrong. It's mostly seafood and the only seafood I will eat is lobster. Tried the chicken and didn't like it, tried the Asian food, not good, tried the braised pork and that was ok. I think it's very over priced and not worth it. I ended up eating from the salad bar cuz you cannot ruin a salad bar and I ate the pizza which  tasted pretty good. The dessert bar, not great. Save your money and go somewhere else, I prefer the buffet at T.I., their buffet has flavor !!! and it won't make a dent in your pocket!!笑
Yummy!

Wonderful selection of food. 

I really liked how there was a section of pre-made salads. 

The seafood and meat was good.

Pace yourself, because if you eat too much too soon, you wont be able to enjoy it all!

Good service too.笑
Absolutely loved the service and food. I came here about 12 years ago and it is still great. This buffet has a great selection and really puts effort in its food. I would recommend this to anyone.笑
I was absolutely impressed.  I ate at the buffet twice for breakfast.  All the food was fresh, including the fruits.  Everything was warm or hot and tasted it great.  The buffet was clean and so was the seating area.笑
Gluten free pizza available upon request. This is a sign of the times.  Let's be honest, Bellagio may not be the latest and greatest hot buffet in Sin City but it' never disappoints and you know what?  the wait time is not 1.5 hours like a few Buffets I won't mention.  The Shrimp cocktail here hasn't shrunk in size and they still offer a good selection of the staple common dishes as well as a few popular trendy items.  Personally they have the best pastry chef.  Case in point, their creme brulee.笑
Really expected more from the bellagio! There was nothing special about this buffet. It felt smaller than the other buffets I have been to in vegas. My first plate I got mostly breakfast things and didn't eat any of it, just dry and bland. Ribs and prime rib were the only thing that stood out as memorable. But I went back for more and they were gone. Desert was not great. We opted for the $12 extra unlimited drinks and that was a great value for me since I was getting mimosas but the margaritas they were serving didn't taste like they had any tequila in them at all. I would recommend spending the extra $20 or so and go to wicked spoon.笑
You go Bellagio...nothing but high class proteins as far as the mouth can drool!  We went for their Saturday night gourmet buffet dinner and OMG was it freaking good!!!  Name your surf and/or turf and I swear they had it as an option.  King crab, snow crab, several different mussel dishes, ceviche, sushi, several types of fish, rack of lamb, steak, prime rib etc.  We where challenging ourselves to find a chicken dish and the six of us couldn't find one anywhere on the spread!  Also, no matter what we tried was made with top quality ingredients and very fresh.  For under $40 before tax and tip this is a huge, huge value for your money.  You must go even if you're not a fan of Buffets.笑
I had lunch at the buffet and it was by far the best buffet I've had in Vegas to date (I've travelled here quite often). The choices at lunch time are a bit overwhelming as they had full breakfast choices with omlette station, sushi bar, meat carving station, pastas, deserts, and the list goes on and on. My only dissappointment was that I could not eat more.  Best $20 buffet/variety you can have on the Strip.笑
The food is Ok. My friend told me it was amazing. I still didn't go in with high hopes. They were super busy, but we got in quickly because there was room at the bar. Everything I tried was very salty. So you fill on water. The sushi was a do not eat. Try at your own risk. Dessert was ok some of the cakes were too sweet. The exotic cake tasted best. overall it doesn't like up to the hype people give it. If this is the best around , that doesn't say much for all the other buffets.笑
Although pricey, I really enjoy the Bellagio buffet because their offerings are more creative, gourmet, and upscale than other buffets I've been to.  For example, they offered Kobe top sirloin when I was there, which was absolutely delicious.  They also had a station where they cooked-to-order a dish made of seafood, vegetables, and puff pastry with a cream sauce.  Other notable items were the pesto mashed potatoes and the lobster ravioli.  I also really like their pre-made salad station--I tried the one with mixed greens, pecans, cranberries, and a maple dressing, and it was so good that I would have been happy just eating that the whole time.  Their dessert selection is just out of this world, but unfortunately I was too full to try any!

One downside for me was the price, which ended up being $45 after tax and gratuity (automatic 18% gratuity added for parties of 8 or more).  The other downside, which some may disagree with, is how they split the crab legs for you.  I, personally, like having the experience of working through crab legs.  When all the work had been done for you, you focus more on the taste of the crab which I found too salty.  Regardless, I still see myself coming back next time I come to Vegas.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio never disappoints and we always eat here at least once during our annual visit to Las Vegas. We have tried others in Vegas (The Wynn Buffet, etc.) and they cannot light a candle to the Buffet at Bellagio. The Bellagio Buffet features peel & eat shrimp, snow & king crab legs, sushi, salads, prime rib and many, many more delicious options. The dessert choices are also very delicious. The staff is friendly and the decor very pleasant. The $32.42 per person (includes tax) lunch is well worth the price. Also, if you arrive at the tail end of lunch, you can stay for the dinner at the lunch price and enjoy many additional options!笑
I can not say how disappointed I am with this buffet! The rice was so hard and dried out it was not able to be consumed.  The pizza was maybe the worst pizza I have ever eaten, period ! The Chinese food was ok but was limited for the price of the buffet at 49.00 a person. The best thing about this buffet was the beverage center and that is me stretching to find something good to say.  I will never be back at this buffet! Total waste of money!笑
many choices，even chinese food～not expensive ～ good～笑
This buffet rests on the laurels of the Bellagio name, which is probably why people line up constantly. With our mlife card, we got to bypass the general line, and were sadly in and out before the people at the end of the line even had a chance to eat! I dont recommend eating here unless you're comped. Our service was very courteous, and prompt, which earns the buffet 1 star, and the buffet gets another star for some good desserts and mainly its poke bar (which I braved despite the warnings of potential food poisoning and fortunately did NOT experience). There's also tartare served behind the poke counter area--be sure to ask for it. Other than that, the prime rib was dry and flavorless, as well as the Kobe beef. Glad I didn't pay full price for this meal. Don't think I'll ever be back again either.笑
i have came here for a sunday brunch with unlimited mimosas beforr and it was such a good experience  each time. each time i drank so much i wanted to throw up because i had so much food too. each time i come here right after i go back to my hotel and sleep because im so drunk and full dont want to go no where. when i first came here 4 yrs ago they had such an amazing brunch with lots of seafood and lamb rack and prime rib and lots of bomb food. 

recently  i came back 2 yrs ago it went downhill such as they cut the lamb racks out and the quality of the crab went down. the food was just so so that we were not impressed or wow like so good we need to go back. the service is great we always got our mimosas filled to the top. we also had an amazing time at least 2 hrs or more drinking. but overall the food for the buffet has gone down but its still better than flamingos or harrahs buffet for sure. and i mean 35 bucks including mimosas isnt that bad. but cesar palace buffet is the new spot for buffets so thats where it is at and where to eat at.笑
Wow, extremely disappointed. This used to be the buffet to try out but after today's terrible experience, never again. This place way over priced for the under represented food selection. Brunch on the weekend is 34.99/ person and dinner is almost $50/per and that does not include tip. We were there for brunch today. They had the usual oatmeal, grits, waffles, French toast, omelette bar, fruit, some crazy looking sausages, prime rib, pre made runny eggs, bacon, apple crepes, cheese blintz, lox and bagels( by far the worst bagels I've ever tasted). Chinese food selection. To be honest, the best thing there and keep in mind I am partial- I had the porridge with green onions and I added clams in white wine garlic sauce to this and it was very Tasty. The pastries are dry, the bread is horrible, the overall selection for the price was extremely disappointing. I'm not sure if the hotel just got cheap or what but you guys should try and invest some more $$
Into the food. The Aria has a much better buffet than you at a lower price point. Stay away and dine somewhere else.笑
my boyfriend and i went here last week and the food was amazing! we piled out plates up with rack of lamb, kobe beef, prime rib, alaskan crab legs, steak tartar, sushi, pork belly, lobster raviolis and more... the lamb was ok, cooked more well done then i personally like it and the flavor was good but the mint jelly was under a heat lamp and was therefore mint soup.. im not a fan of warm mint jelly. soup, i prefer cold mint jelly with my lamb. th kobe beef was out of this world as was the lobster raviolis. the crab legs were fresh and delicious. the pork belly was 95% fat, i have never had it before so im not sure if thats how it is supposed to be but either way i didnt care for it. the prime rib was fantastic and the steak tartar was out of this world. the sushi was not good but i didnt expect to be wowed by it. the rice was too hard, almost crunchy and the tempura was soggy and mushy and had a funny taste to it. 

the best part for me was the desserts.. i loaded my plate up and everything was fantastic. the creme brulee was very thick and creamy... yum. the peach pana cota was rich and fruity and also very good. the chocolate covered strawberries were great (although those would be hard to mess up) the rocky road mousse was perfection in a cup and the chocolate rasberry mousse in a mini chocolate waffle cone was delicious

the wine selection was good and reasonably priced and the mixed drinks looks great although i didnt have any room to get one =)

it was $79 for my boyfriend and i for the dinner buffet and i would def go again.. for the quality of the food and the amount they provide, it is definitly worth the price笑
Went here because my parents wanted to eat at a buffet and we heard that this one was really good. The food was good for a buffet, but I prefer quality over quantity so I'd rather have paid $40/pp to eat at a normal restaurant. The prime rib and pastas were good, but king crab legs were too salty. The quality of the sushi was ok.笑
The plus was the short lines. It's key to come early on the weekend - 9 to 10 am is good to avoid waiting longer than 20 min. The omelettes were good and the selection overall was decent. The crab legs and shrimp were not good. The crab tasted like salty sea water and the shrimp was not crisp and fresh. Service was friendly and pretty good. Eggs Benedict and fresh fruit were yum!笑
Out of the buffet chains I've tried at the higher end hotels, I liked the Bellagio one the least. My friends and I went for Sunday brunch, and there wasn't much of a line when we went. The price was about $30 something dollars plus tax.

The selection of food wasn't all that great or delicious. I felt the prime rib pieces were a bit small, and the crab legs were only "cracked" and not split in half, though my friend said they were split in half for dinner.

Most of the other food felt like standard fair buffet food, feeling very uninspired compared to other higher end buffets. Of the items I tried, they didn't taste all that good, causing me to end up eating more prime rib because nothing else was all that appetizing.

The dessert was also not all that great (they didn't have creme brulee either :(), and most of it tasted rather boring and kind of all the same, in the sense that it just tasted like sweet food without any character.

Definitely a pass for me in the future, since there are so many other buffets in the Vegas strip area.笑
The wait line wasn't too long.. the staff was quick to remove dishes.. but the food wasn't everything I expected.

@sushi- Some good, some not so good. Spicy tuna was amazing, the California roll tasted like grocery store quality at best

@crab - tasteless and disappointing. I'd heard and seen the giant crab portions, which.. just wasn't there

@ceviche- again, tasteless and disappointing

@Made to order crepes- this was my FAVORITE! I tried the sun dried tomato, and it was fired in front of me quickly and was well made. Just delicious!

@Mashed potatoes- good, but semi-bland

@Ravioli -Good

I can't even remember the other things we tried.. desserts weren't anything to write home about either. I was fairly disappointed.. and feel for the price we should have gone elsewhere. The ONLY reason I give 2 stars, not 1 was for the crepes being so good. But $35 for one crepe seems silly since everything else was lacking. Oh and we paid $28 for 2 glasses of house wine.笑
The buffet at the Bellagio is my favorite in all of Las Vegas! They have a wide selection of choices from all around the world. I really liked their sushi and "Asian" cuisine. They have a little bit of everything for everyone so you cannot go wrong. The price is up there, but it's well worth it if your a big eater. 

Make sure to give them your players card to receive points. Also, if you go near the transition times you might be able to enjoy some "extra" options that you didn't pay for.笑
So... has the staff at Bellagio gotten lazy or something?  I've heard so many great things about the buffet at Bellagio and how their "gourmet" selections offer the best value.  However that is not the case at all.  

This place is still popping, with my group having to wait 40 minutes around 2pm.  Once we got in, we were seated extremely close to other tables and it felt a little weird.  In fact, I think the layout of the place is weird.

I was really excited to try the Kobe beef at the carving station but the piece I received was way too well done.  It felt like I was chewing leather and all the good things about Kobe beef was not there.  I decided to give it a 2nd chance and went back for another piece.  Slightly better but still, the meat had nothing going for it.  Wasn't seasoned well, and I think I can definitely make a better steak.  It just felt like they popped it on the grill and the oven and just forgot about it.

All the other foods are alright in comparison to some other buffets.  I do like how they crack the crab legs in half already for you so you don't have to do work.  Dessert station is the only thing worth mentioning since there is a good selection and that creme brulee is magical.  I probably ate around 4-5.

The buffet probably was good when it first.  The quality of this buffet has probably dropped and I think that's a problem that all hotels face eventually.  They have to find ways to reinvent themselves or just somehow maintain that standard that make them great the first go around.  Unfortunately, Bellagio definitely needs to do that or else nobody will shell out $30-40 again for the buffet.笑
I went to the buffet for a Christmas Eve brunch and was pleasantly surprised at the offerings.

The wait time was minimal- maybe 20-30 minutes since we got there early and the atmosphere was lively.

Just like most people say on here, stock up on the Kobe beef and king crab legs-definitely pretty good. All in all, a pretty good buffet with decent menu items and lots of variety.笑
next best thing to the Wynn. Only downsides were the fruit was not that sweet and the crab legs were just nasty. Loved everything else especially the creme brulee. tip go for a late lunch and stay for the dinner. tip your waiter well also.笑
We went here last trip and we weren't impressed.  We went back this time and found the food was better than last time.  They had a great variety of choices, fresh fruits and salads.  We were seated quickly.  I would recommend the buffet here.笑
This buffet was good. It had a wide variety of food. There salads & veggies were great as well as there meat's.笑
So worth it!! Sadly the only buffet my friends and I had time to go to. Great staff, great food. We went around noon on a Monday. It was busy, but nothing crazy where we had to wait in line or it was crowded around all the foods. I really wish we had time to try more buffets. It was about 35 bucks. Considering how awesome the service was and how delicious the food was, the price was perfect.笑
This spot is so great. I thought the wynn buffet was the best. But know this place have so many options, and so many seafood dishes. I love the clams, the crab, and every single vegetable dish that they have. It is so delicious words can hardly describe how yummy it tastes. At the Wynn buffet they are basically eight dollars more and granted it's a good buffet but its something about this buffet here that is better. I am a foodie all the way but I know when a place has superior flavors and superior food. This place fits the bill.笑
The food was excellent for a buffet restaurant as well as how quickly the staff cleared the plates from table. I was disappointed in the cafeteria like atmosphere. It is a reminder why I avoid buffets. I have wanted to try the buffet for years and this was the first time I was able to get in. All I needed was off season and a 110 degree day.笑
This is a meat orgy! In one meal I showed chicken, beef (multiple cuts), pork, lamb, ostrich and elk who is really at the top of the food chain...ME.  

I rate this excellent buffet second behind the Wynn's in both food quality and service.笑
I read many reviews and I'm wondering if these yelpers were inhaling something when they wrote the reviews, or perhaps they were college students or very young, what kobe beef?? all the beef offerings were very tough to chew, this is not unique to Bellagio, it's the general dumbing down of all buffets to save money, in Vegas and almost all the cruise ships. I had tried all the buffets on the strip and was very disappointed the good old days were gone, Bellagio and Wynn buffets  used to be the best, I still remember fondly the amazing dining experience with my Parisian brother, he said the Bellagio feast was such a culinary delight, an experience to remember. I might have to go to Bellagio, lake Como in Italy for the old experience. We had just come back from Cinque terre so we know what a good pasta should taste like.
The briskets and the tritips were still mooing, I had a bite, it was harder than my shoe leather, there were a variety of pastas but I did not see the simple spaghetti and meat balls, where were they? and why were there olives in almost every dish? not everybody liked olives, I hated them and that immediately excluded a lot of dishes for me, and what with all the weird herbs added to everything too. I'm from the old country and like herbs but not in everything, especially strong herb such as rosemary, I believe there was dill or sage added to the mayonaise, it made no sense, I have never had mayonnaise mixed with herbs, it does not go with cold cuts!!! where are the chefs at Bellagio coming from that are doing things that are not the norm elsewhere?
The BBQ tasted ok but it was a tad too sweet, most dishes were too sweet, the chef must have had a sweet tooth. The shrimp cocktail was fine BUT THE COCKTAIL SAUCE WAS TOO SWEET! it killed the shrimp and the king crab legs, not only it was sweet, it did not have enough if at all horse radish, it tasted like ketchup or ketchup with added sugar, it made zero sense to me. The lemon was crushed, still frozen, there was no juice left to extract out of, we need fresh lemon! The king crab legs were not big enough, it was more like queen or baby crab legs!
The plain chow mein was fine, the shrimp wonton soup was delicious, no wonder it was always out, I had to go back twice to get a bowl. 
The soppresata was also delicious but it also made no sense to me why it was placed next to the sweet papaya instead of mustard and mayonnaise, I went hunting for mayo and that was when i found the mayo was mixed w dill! I was looking for cornichons but there was none to be found.
I did not eat too many sweets, I spent too much time trying to chew the beef, we were just exhausted and wanted to go home. The deserts were pretty much tasteless, just like on the cruise ships now, no longer real whip cream, it was artificial stuffs out of a can, coloring and other subtitutes.
If you want a real culinary experience I guess you would have to go to a 5 stars Michelin restaurant, not on most cruise ships (the worst offender is Royal Caribbean) and not on the Vegas strip.笑
Very impressed here with my most recent visit.  The thai steak salad, prime rib and the sea bass were standouts.  Also don't miss the hidden spicy tuna hand rolls near the fruit.  Biggest downside is lack of sushi and raw bar during lunch.笑
First of all our waitress from Odessa, Texas was on point... great service that's why I gave it 3 stars

Overall food was just okay.. Maybe I expected more from the Bellagio I guess.

Crab legs were mushy and parts were frozen..
Sausage didn't have that zesty spicy tang.. kind of bland for sausage

desserts were so so.... nothing to talk about

Clam Chowder was tasty though...
Pizza was okay not great but better then most buffets
Eggs typical...


BACON was Goood!!! 

Did I mention that the BACON was GOOD!!! LOL...

If it wasn't for the bacon and the service this place was def in the ranking for a 2 star...

I went during there Xmas Brunch special aka 7am-3pm...on 12/28...

Wasn't a Huge fan...My groupl also wasnt really impressed...

Even my nephew 8 year old who has a sweet tooth wasnt too pleased with the deserts.... But he did love the French toast with hazelnut and bananas...笑
One of the best buffet that I ever had, I went full-savage mode on them foods. Hands down!笑
I love this buffet, especially the champagne brunch, the price is great, and the prime rib is excellent. I have eaten everywhere in vegas, but keep coming back here.笑
This is the best experience I've EVERY had at a buffet.  The food and service as well as ambiance was great.

Came here with my family a couple days before new years (review is a bit late).  The price was $50 for everyone over age 4.  It was quite expensive for a couple of kids under 10, especially since they don't eat very much.  However, everything, I mean everything was great.  I can't think of anything negative during our visit.

There was hardly any wait paying for our meal.  We sat down right away.  The server took our drink orders and we went on our way to get food.  The special holiday food they had, I mean all of the food, had great presentation.  During the evening, as I was looking around I even saw them take out some bins and just throw the food in the trash.  Wow.  I guess they want the food to be perfect for its customers.  

All of the food I has was great.  There wasn't anything that I had that was average or bad.  I had beef Wellington for the first time and it was nice and juicy.  The king crab legs were also great!  

The service was also the best I've ever had at a buffet.  Whenever we went up to get food, our plates were always taken away.  I never noticed that they took the plates or filled the drinks.  The guy that serviced our table was practically invisible, stealth-like.

This was the best meal I've had in years!!  I wouldn't mind paying $200 for my family of 4 to eat here again if our experience is like this again.笑
For those who think that all buffet's are the same, nothing can compare to the Buffet at Bellagio.. From Sushi to Salads to Prime Rib, nothing can beat it. Everything is there..The ambiance is classy and not cheesy Vegas.笑
This is specifically for the Champaign Brunch Buffet.  

I went last weekend to the Bellagio brunch buffet, and perhaps I was expecting too much.  After all of the phenomenal reviews, I left feeling full, but fairly disappointed.

Despite the fact it was very organized and we only waited 15 minutes to get a seat on a Sunday morning, the overall experience was meh.  The infinite amount food, although beautifully presented, was all just mediocre.  There was nothing that I ate that I thought was anything more than just average.  

The Champaign was served in a wine glass filled to the brim, and although it tasted decent, we weren't able to actually drink the entire glass before it was warm.  

If you're looking for lots of average food, this place is for you.笑
A fancy place like Bellagio but their buffet is weak. Not many things tasted good. Meat at the carving stations were all dry and overcooked. No crab legs for lunch, even though Aria has them for lunch and it's the same price. 

We came during the breakfast and lunch change. They kept putting out more pancakes, waffles, french toast, but didn't bring out lunch items until past 11:30.

Stations were all crowded and bottlenecked. No clear lines with many people cutting.

Condiments should be next to the food you eat them with. How come there was no cream cheese for the smoked salmon? There wasn't even any next to the bagels.

Dining room itself looked very outdated. I expected a lot more from Bellagio. For this price I would never come here again and would rather go to Aria instead.笑
The most delicious and wonderful buffet, ever!  And,  I am not a fan of buffet.
You can explore the culinary world here... North America, South America, Europe, Asia.....
Crepes, blintzes, eggs Benedict , pizza, tortilla, pork buns, waffles, pancakes, desserts galore and all delicious.  Mimosa, Bloody Mary, champagne ,  Wow笑
Go at 3:30 pay the lunch price and wait for the dinner goodies to roll out. Fill up on the good stuff and be greedy for dessert. 

Wonderful-
Pesto Mashed potatoes
Prime rib: ask for a thick slice and they comply in spades
King Crab Legs
Random meat selection: Quail one time Venison the other
Creme Brulee
Chocolate Hazelnut Mousse(made our eyes roll back)
The entire dessert station

Not so hot-
Pizza 
Most of the pastas
Snow crab (tasted like dirty ocean)
Most of the Asian dishes minus the sashimi笑
The gypsy looking hostess that "greets" you before you pay was rude AF! She had no manners. We always liked the food here, but the customer sevice was terrible today, so we went to Wicked Spoon instead. 

Also children 4 and up are full price.笑
Was told to forget about the Rio buffet and come here. Did not regret it for a second. Brunch was really damn good, with excellent tasting food everywhere you look. Maybe the best bacon I've ever had. 

Worth it!!!笑
I loved this buffet one of the best in town. It is worth trying during your visit.笑
Service was incredible (Alfonso was our server) and the overall food quality was good. Sushi selection was quite disappointing--especially when you are paying around $35 a person for dinner (even the kids). The kids weren't impressed with the selections offered and subsequently didn't eat too much--including the desserts offered.笑
I've heard about the famous Bellagio Buffet since I was little. Yay finally tried it for lunch. It was a fair price ($25) per person to indulge in a variety of food. They have breakfast foods, Italian, Asian, pizza, burgers, salad, sushi, lox, herring (a personal favorite) and much much more. I assumed it would be more extravagant but I think the lobstah shows up during dinner. There was shrimp at lunch though. I tried a little bit of everything and this is what made me happy: lox, herring, trout, spicy tuna hand rolls, flank steak, polenta, mussels, pizza, salad and desserts. I would absolutely return again for more foood! P.S. I couldn't eat till midnight that day because I was so stuffed!笑
awesome...forty bucks a person but right when you get your first plate, you pretty much get your money's worth right off the bat...

apparently i still have to try the buffet at the wynn...

i waited in line for about forty five minutes which isnt bad considering how long i wouldve had to wait for the wynn champagne brunch buffet...

our waitress was very nice...we're given two forks, two knives and a spoon each...

alaskan king crab, smoked salmon, beef wellington, pesto mashed potatoes, pesto spaetzle, shrimp, all different kinds of sushi (but they give too much rice. and i saw that a machine prepares the rice), shrimp pesto pizza, salmon roulade tarts, ribs, rack of lamb, lobster ravioli, creme brule, lobster dumplings, baked macaroni and cheese and beef tartar...thats just a summary of what i could remember...but they have twice as much and more to go with that...i had steak the night before so i didnt go near that...

so yeah...worth the money...their dessert display is pretty crazy...for my first buffet in vegas, this was great...im not giving it a five because i just dont like buffets in general...except for a few special gems that i know about...but despite all the losing of your money vegas, this one is a winner every time...that is, every time you decide to wait in line for God only knows how long and then dish out $40 over and over again...

vegas...interesting place...笑
Sadly I've been here to experience dinner, lunch and breakfast at the Buffet at Bellagio and it has not impressed me. I think lunch was probably the best, but it's a typical buffet, nothing to write home about.  I could not eat the sushi or any of the seafood, it tasted fishy and gross to me. The desserts are horrible.  I did enjoy most of the vegetable dishes and platters of grilled vegetables, and cheeses. Oh, and the pizza and pasta dishes were good! Just not what you would expect for the prices!笑
The Bellagio is old.  There are newer casinos in Vegas which cost much more money and have impressive restaurant credentials.  And that means absolutely nothing.  This casino has stood the test of time and makes a solid commitment to old-school decor and sheer class.

The  Bellagio Buffet shows its age in the best of ways: upscale menu items usually reserved for 5-star restaurants.  This place offers some of the best beef wellington and prime rib you can find.  Mouth-watering Alaskan King Crab legs, juicy Chilean sea bass, and more variety than you can sample in a single sitting.  

Skip the dessert items.   Not because they're bad, just because you'll want to spend every ounce of space on the main courses.  The Bellagio Buffet is here to stay!笑
Wait?? We went at 5:30 before a show on a Sunday night and there was not one person in line. 

The food was great and plentiful. They had everything from crab to Italian to lamb and everything in between. The price isn't bad for compatible buffets and there is PLENTY of desserts to choose from. 

'Twas all you could ask for in a buffet.笑
What a rip-off--kids cost full price? This place was fine when my wife and I first came, but now as a family, the full price for kids pricing is atrocious. We will not be back anytime soon.

For comparison, The Wicked Spoon is about $5 more for each adult, but kids only cost 1/3. And the food is better.

The buffet at Paris also does not charge full price for kids.笑
Gag. Everything was overheated, overcooked, not hot enough, or stale. I was pretty disappointed, and won't be eating at this buffet again.笑
I feel like this buffet is losing it's touch.

I can remember eating here a few years ago and I thought everything was so great!  The scrambled eggs were the best I'd ever tasted.  The milk, so fresh and cold!  Everything was so so so so good.

This time around, everything was still good.  But not the best.

I did enjoy that they put out salmon and tuna nigiri's for dinner time.笑
Yes! 

Do yourself the favor and ADD the Bottomless Mimosa's or Bloody Marys to your already much needed brunch. 

Like to say a BIG THANK YOU to CELSO from the Bar area that made my experience at this buffet a memorable one, this fella is awesome, great attitude and a great server, I never for once had a empty Mimosa glass, and that really speaks volumes, yes, i am at the bar, yes the bar holds about less then 20 seats, but he and his associates have to serve all drinks to this big buffet room, and like i said, never had a empty glass, I love it! Love It! 

The food was to be honest okay, nothing really stood out, it is a buffet, I had a few things and they were OK, but i was there for The Game of Drink not to fill my tummy with food. 

Got a doggy bag too - no food ;0) 

So if you stay there of course you will try but if your near there and want to have a ball trust me, try this cool buffet because you will not regret the BUZZ! 

Later!笑
I guess I let my expectation took the best of me.  It is one of the better buffets I have ever been to, but it's the freaking Bellagio buffet; of course I expected better.  They do have the BEST dessert selection in town.  The chefs' stations are good too.  I don't know, I just expected more than cold crab legs, mediocre sushi, and prime rib.  The quail and lamb chops were EXCELLENT!笑
My experience here was very exciting, but I think we got a little out of hand at the end of our stay here.

Let me just sum my experience here up in a couple bullet points

1.  Unlimitted mimosas
2. Waiter that kept us up to stock on oj and cranberry mixers while keeping our champagne glasses full
3. Awesome omelet station
4. Large variety of seafood
5. 1 stall and 2 urinals for a huge buffet... come on

Great way to start your day in Vegas with this brunch buffet, and is one of my favorite buffets I have ever been to.笑
this is by far the best AYCE buffet in las vegas. 
i have been to just about the top buffets on the strip and none of them comes close to the bellagio. the only buffet that tops bellagio is the infamous ballys sterling brunch which is only served on sundays. 
quality of the product is fresh & good
the price is very reasonable and the service is good as well by being a buffet. 
i always make a visit to bellagio buffet when i come visit! 
never ever dissapoints me! keep up the good work boys!!!笑
the BEST buffet on the Strip, hands down!  

the buffet is spread with tons of seafood, sushi, different types of meat, salads, sides, bread, soup, and more!  they even had venison when i was here 3 years ago!  the food is always fresh and very delicious.
 
there`s also a huge section dedicated just to desserts! om nom nom nom  xD

i always have to eat here whenever i`m in Vegas!笑
This is one of the best buffets I have had in Vegas. This place is comparable to the Wynn Buffet, only cheaper - $30pp. Came here on a Monday evening, and there was a line! This place had to be good...

Waited for about 30 mins and entered the establishment. WOW, this place was huge! Scoped out the stations and had so many choices! 

All beefs I tried were delicious - loved the quail!!! Seafood trip was pretty tasty with crab legs and shrimp cocktail. Also had a made to order seafood pastry with shrimp and scallops. Desserts were to die for with so many selections!!

Our service was prompt and our waitress was super nice. Would definitely come back again!笑
If I had more space in my tummy, I would've given this 5 stars.  However, I just couldn't enjoy all the yummy food they had there.  I was just STUFFED.  For $30ish??? all this gourmet food?   Incredible deal.  My favorite - the pesto mashed potatoes.  YUM YUM YUM.  They also had sushi (rainbow roll, salmon nigiri, etc.)  It was very delicious!!笑
Mass quantiles are the name of the game when it comes to buffets often at the cost of quality, however this is not the case here.

My friend and I were making a less than sober stagger across the strip when we saw signs for this buffet, and it sounded great. At about $38 with tax it is not cheap.

to me, a person who does not eat meat often buffet's seem like a rip off, but here I felt like I was the bandit.

There is a sushi area, it has your usual rolls, nigiri hand rolls etc. The real star here is the Poke, sliced raw fish tossed with soy sauce, scallions sesame seed oil and spices. usually poke of this quality is a $12 app for a martini glass sized bite. I opted for a full dinner plate of this great plate of raw fish.

Once I cleaned out the sea of all of it's treasures I explored the rest of the buffet. Artisan cheese plate, bok choy, quinoa, and many other gourmet items could be found.

My friend really enjoyed the kobe beef, it may have been a function of his BAC.

The dessert section also has many tasting sized bites great for allowing the maximum amount of flavors to be had.笑
While at the Bellagio, the bf and I decided to swing by the buffet for lunch. Just in time too, as we seemed to start the line for the lunch rush. The wait wasn't terrible, but I assume you just have to have a little bit of luck. After we were seated, the game started. Judging by the food you bring back on your first plate clearly depicts your buffet navigation skill. I clearly had the upper hand over my boyfriend who politely circled the nearest island of food. I set out on an adventure and came back with the better food spread. Probably the best compliment you can get at a buffet is, "where did you get that?". With that said, I felt the selection was pretty good (a little something for everyone: bacon and eggs, sushi, smoked fish, cheese blinis, salads, mini burgers, shrimp cocktail, etc.) and it was really difficult to not get a plate of dessert first. Our server was attentive and the food was delicious. Go for lunch, it's the best deal.笑
This was some really bad food. Surprisingly low quality.
$50 per person for buffet is no cheap food, but everything felt very cheap and subpar.笑
Had brunch this past weekend. all i can say is come on Bellagio. I was very disappointed with the quality/selection of the food. Just like the previous reviewer, 1 hour and 15 minutes in line- not worth it at all. Brunch was $25, which is pretty good deal, but pay 5-7 more and go to Wicked spoon at Cosmopolitan. you wont be disappointed.笑
I love this buffet. Every time I come to vegas, I try a new buffet. Village buffet(Paris), spice market (planet Hollywood), wicked spoon (Cosmo), the buffet (aria). But Bellagio always had a consistent quality of food second to none in my opinion! The best !!笑
Why did I have to come to this buffet on my last day?

The buffet at Bellagio is the pinnacle of Vegas buffetery (sp?)

When you see a line stretching out well beyond the buffet entrance and into a table of poker players, you'll know you found the right place.

Everything here is so good. If you hate something, give it a try here. They'll make it "derricious" and you'll be eating pig farts all day long.

Ok, I made that up, but if they served pig farts I am sure they would make it delectable.

I actually hate fish. I refuse to eat it. But I saw a lady grab a plate full of Chilean Sea Bass and I was enticed. Since she took all the sea bass, the chef promptly put out some fresh ones... Why not? I'll give it a shot.

Good lord, it's like eating bacon fat without the negative side effects.

I was sad I found out about this fish after I was done with the usual prime rib and crab faire, but I was leaving this place with a happy kind of full.

Desserts here are average. They have a lot of sugar free options but nothing really special.

My only complaint is that sauce like au jus and melted butter are in very weird and hard to find places. But once you get that down, you're in for a treat.笑
I use to love this buffet but after my last visit I wasn't that impressed. Crab legs were thin, prime rib was dry, desserts were bland and fell apart. Who knows, an off night maybe? I still like the place but it has dropped to my top 5 Vegas buffets, instead of top 3. Step-up your game Bellagio buffet!笑
Most of the reviews are pretty accurate.  Food is ok.  Definitely not what I was expecting from the famous Bellagio, and especially not for $50 per person.  This was our first trip to Vegas and after looking at their site I had been craving this buffet for a week.  When we finally got inside everything was very underwhelming.  Staff was ok but not very outgoing kind of just going through the motions.  We had the lamb chop, kobe style beef, crab legs, prime rib and sushi.  Sure it was a great variety but flavor was lackluster.  Nothing else looked enticing and I tried a fruit tart just for the heck of it but could have done without.  I would look elsewhere for a better buffet.笑
Very nice restaurant.

A very wide variety of cuisines that were all excuisite in flavor!

The ahi tuna sashimi was amazing and very fresh. 
Kobe beef sirloin was kind of tough, but still had a lot of flavor!
Dessert bar was really good and I really enjoyed the classic cheesecake.

2 hours later, I walked out satisfied and was just in time for the Water Show!笑
$30 for a weekend lunch = worth it. If you can get yourself here on a weekday, I believe it's even cheaper (approx. $15-$20) which = even *more worth it*.

Here are my takeaways. 

-The Bellagio offers really great service for a buffet. I was part of a rambunctious party of 16, and we constantly had waitresses stopping by, refilling our drinks (when they say bottomless champagne/mimosas, they really mean it), chatting amiably with us, and taking away finished plates. 

-The buffet has the most ripe, delectable fruit ever! Juicy white peaches, perfectly shaped pears... The Bellagio's attention to detail and fruit-ripeness is noteworthy. 

-I don't remember everything I ate (it was a long weekend) but I do recall eating tons of bacon. And let me tell you, it was good. Definitely get the bacon. 

-Most items are cooked surprisingly well for being produced en masse. There is a lot of fresh seafood- I had well-prepared sushi, a variety of smoked fish, shrimp cocktail by the pounds, and squid & octopus ceviche. The pastries were not a crowning point (in fact, existed only a notch above severely underwhelming... pallid tart & pie crusts are not my thing), but the fresh bread was killer.

-Everyone keeps taking & posting pictures of macarons. I saw none on my visit :( and thus had to buy some separately at Jean-Phillipe. HUGE BUMMER. MINUS ONE STAR. (Kidding. But honestly, only slightly.) 

In the end, buffets are buffets. When gauging your own hedonistic binging experience, the only two questions you should ask yourself are "Was this good for buffet food or bad for buffet food?" and "Did I recover at least half my money through my mouth?"

If the answers are "good" and "yes", then you've won the buffet. And that is exactly how I felt dining at the Bellagio.笑
Wow.  Simply wow!

I've been to a few buffets at Las Vegas and THE BUFFET at the Bellagio is simply the best.  

There's nothing really wrong with the other places except that they are all the same.  You get served the same food at every other place.  There's nothing to distinguish it from the rest of the strip.  Typically, you'll get a ton of fried food fillers, poor prime rib, some shrimp cocktail and a few other fillers.  Nothing to ever write home about.  You'll be full at the other places. 

At THE BUFFET, you get a great variety and the food is much higher quality.  Start with the Japanese section and you'll find yourself eating good sushi and sashimi along with an assortment of rolls.  There's also some really good salmon or ahi tuna poke.  

In the hot food line, you can find veal, sea bass!, prime rib, bison, and a lot more.  The options here are unique in itself.  That's what drives me to come here if I'm in Vegas.  There's no other buffet that I'm willing to go to because I've already been spoiled by the Buffet.  

Come here for the lunch price and stay for dinner.  It's the typical strategy that you'd want to employ.  Then sit and eat for a few hours until you can't move.   Enjoy!笑
A ok. Good food, a wide variety. Looong line and Vegas price tag, but worth a try :)笑
The food choices are good, the place is clean and well-run, but a word of caution: A dinner there resulted in food poisoning that went septic and almost killed me five days later. I came within arm's reach of organ failure and was only about 48 hours away from death when they hospitalized me in IC. The doctors said it was 95% likely to be the mussels I had there, having typed the bacteria as one commonly found in mishandled bivalves. Ten days in hospital and a full month with a picc line in my chest and daily nurse visits at home - don't even get me started on the bills! I called Bellagio to report the illness while still hospitalized and offered a doctor's letter/medical paperwork as proof - not because I wanted anything back, but so they would be aware and could investigate the buffet's food handling for the safety of others. I only wanted to prevent others from being sickened.

My calls and emails were not returned by Bellagio. Enjoy the buffet if you want, but please avoid eating any bivalves there!笑
Overall... Pretty awesome buffet.

Carnival World Buffet at the Rio used to be my fave but this one has usurped it, lol.

Many, many stations with a large variety of foods. The crap legs seemed to be a favorite of diners but I myself, didn't try them. While I love crab meat, these, as is the case with most, are just too much work for too little reward, at least for me...

What really surprised me was the pizza. I tried two varieties, (Hawaiian and Veggie), and both were out of this world! And they had these little "hash" type filled little fritter thangs that were out of this world!!!

My only real disappointment was with the Prime Rib. While I'd really prefer a rib eye steak over prime rib any day, I'll invest in the occasional slice when the opportunity presents itself. But this slice fell short. Lackluster marbling, dry and little to no flavor, even with a really pink center. And I had the first cut!!! Was highly disappointed there, but had enough other good stuff to not really care...

Dessert station rocked it all day, everyday and twice on Sunday!!! I was particularly impressed with the key lime tarts. Yum!!!笑
Not sure what the big deal is.... if you live in a mid-size US city, your city should have some kind of buffet joint better than this one. 

We went for the holiday brunch so I am not sure whether dinner will be better ($10 more expensive).

Food

- Juice is fresh and good, similar to Tropicana from super market. 

- Fruit is the highlight, they are all very fresh, probably because their buffet volume is very high. 

- Seafood: the crab legs are crap. Thin, small, salty, and they are still frozen. The shrimp with cocktail sauce, on the other hand, is of very decent size and freshness. 

- Pizza and pasta: tried a bit of each. They are decent tasting, just a tad better than the Papa Johns and Olive Gardens of your city. 

- Prime rib: extremely so so. No flavour and overcooked. No idea what people are talking about when they say "juicy and best prime rib I've eaten"... any neighborhood steakhouse should do it better.

- Hot dish: there are none. Seriously... no catfish fillet, no grilled salmon, no wok fried beef.... no hot dish at all. 

Overall, 2 stars for me. I ate some fruits which made me happy - it's hard to get fresh fruits in Vegas restaurants. The only way I think it is remotely worth of going back is if the price is around $25 and there is no wait.笑
Went there on a Saturday night...paid $168.00 for 4 people. What a waste of money!! Waited in line for an hour. The Kobe beef tasted like shoe leather, snow crab legs were frozen, wonton soup tasted bad, Chinese ribs were super fatty and tasteless, flan tasted like flem, bread was hard, pizza was gross, didn't like any desserts. I thought Vegas buffets were good and cheap..boy was I wrong!!!!笑
Having been here about 10 years ago I remembered how wonderful it was so I had high hopes for our return visit.  This time however I am gluten free so the waitress went and got the chef and he literally walked me around the buffet and explained what I could eat and what I should avoid.  THAT was the best part of the buffet and I am VERY grateful for that.  The food was a letdown.  I've had better buffets at home for less than half the cost.  We went on Super Bowl Sunday and the game had just started so the dining room wasn't busy at all, which was great.  We did enjoy some of the food but overall, we both felt it was just a generic buffet.  I certainly didn't think it was worth the cost and we wouldn't go back.笑
The Bellagio buffet is one of my favorites on the strip....I can always find great foods as a vegetarian there.  It's one of the only buffets we've been to in Vegas where I'm not just eating odds and ends.....they have awesome tasting vegetarian foods.  Service was  bit flakey the last time....I think they were having a shift change as we started with one waitress and ended with another.  Will eat here again though!笑
This buffet is alright.  I think it is too hyped up.  None of the items really stood out.  I went for brunch, and they didnt have crab legs nor sashimi.  Those are my 2 favorite thing to eat, and they didnt have it.  Oh well.笑
We have eaten many times at the Bellagio buffet over the years, both for breakfast and dinner, and the quality has been consistently satisfactory.  However, two trends are apparent and both are unfortunate.

First, the buffet used to be very innovative, with offerings you would not find elsewhere, such as exotic fruit, goose, beef wellington, interesting seafood, etc.  One by one these have disappeared, along with the Chinese area carving station, the breakfast ham carving station, and a few other touches.  I guess the management felt that people were not eating the more unusual foods and replaced them with commoner fare.  So the buffet is not so special anymore.

Second, the price has gone up even faster than restaurant prices in Las Vegas generally.  At $35 for breakfast and nearly $50 for a "gourmet" dinner -- not really so gourmet -- it is just too expensive for what you get.  Even for a major resort.  You sort of feel cheated and that makes the food taste less appetizing.笑
Food: Okay (the salmon and ribs were good; so were the desserts, everything else - so so)
Price: $20/person for lunch. You can get better deals than this for lunch on the strip (for the quality of food)
Service: Poor. The waiters were very nice, but the staff that seats you (at the front, were unpleasant)笑
the best buffet in town (i feel). definitely come here for dinner because they have fancy dishes such as an assortment of different ravioli as well as rack of lamb and special dishes like beef wellington. absolutely impressive. the sushi choice isn't the best but who cares? they have the best of everything else. if you're a breakfast fan, their french toast is fantastic.笑
OK this was the best buffet in Las Vegas when they first opened like many new buffets. For dinner it was like $32 a person. I was not impressed since the food lacked flavor and the quality of food has gone down a bit. The prime rib, raviolis and sea bass were the only dishes that I thought was decent. Their so called Kobe beef was disgusting, no marbling whats so ever. its like they bought a select roast and cooked it medium rare. The Turkey was okay. The sushi no way avoid. The tuna poki was not good. The dessert section was OK better a bacchanal. I remember the old days this buffet was unbelievably good. When Steve Wynn owned the casino it was the place to eat. I will not be going back.笑
I really want to give it more than 2 stars but I just don't believe it lived up to its potential. Or maybe it didn't live up to it's hype/reviews/rating... paid $24 per person and got seated after about an hour wait in that frigid line.

We were happy and super excited to finally feast, yet the food selection was mediocre. The sushi was bland and disgusting. The turkey was dry... everything was extremely disappointing and never went back for seconds of anything :(笑
For months before our scheduled visit, I kept telling my husband what a great buffet at the Bellagio was after watching it being previewed on the Travel Channel and the Food Network.  Well we finally made it into the buffet after waiting on line for over an hour for the lunch buffet.  We couldn't believe our eyes when we saw the amount of empty tables.  How can there be so many empty tables when there are hundreds of people waiting to get in?  Anyway, that is besides the point.  We were expecting something spectacular like lobster and crab legs and steaks.  What we got were slider burgers, runny scrambled eggs and vinegar laced eggs benedict.  I must say the dessert selection was great.  The only thing that the buffet at the Bellagio left us with was sodium bloat and regret.  Definitely not worth the wait in line nor the cost.  It is not all that it's cracked up to be.笑
THE best buffet in Vegas!

My review is solely on their brunch (will try their dinner buffet next time).

For about $25/person for brunch ($30/person for brunch and bottomless champagne and mimosas), you can have all the food and drink you want!  Not bad considering that everything they serve is AMAZING.

They have THE most amazing eggs benedict I have ever had in my entire life!  It's the most perfectly poached egg with the most amazing hollandaise sauce over a mouthwatering slice of ham and a sourdough muffin you'll ever put in your mouth!  When you slice through it, the egg yolk oozes over the rest of the eggs benedict.  I have dreams about it.  Soooo good!!!

Beef tenderloin - melts in your mouth!

Shrimp - huge, succulent morsels of delicousness!

Desserts - perfection!  My favorites are the key lime pie and the cheesecake.

I make it a habit to go to The Buffet at Bellagio whenever I'm in Vegas.  Everything is delicious!  Make sure to go with an empty stomach!笑
Nah, I am sad to say I am disappointed at the food. The only thing that made I feel worth spending the money was the crab legs, which are definitely delicious. Also, the smoked salmon are buttery soft and comes in generously sized fatty portions! However, other dishes aren't unique or tasty enough to make the buffet stand out from the others. They have a Kobe beef roast that I was very excited about, but it was so very over cooked. There was barely any pink in the steak and the meat was hard - like beef jerky hard. Now that's a waste of Kobe beef. Then there was sand in the cooked vegetables, and the miso soup was too salty. Still giving them a three stars though as they have a huge variety of food and their dessert option is huge. Come here if you have can get a discount.笑
Hands down the best buffet on the Las Vegas Strip if you are all about the food.  If you're looking for bang for the buck you might want to go elsewhere as this is $30-$40 depending what day.  The quality of the food is awesome.  BEWARE the line for this thing is long!笑
We found that our Buffet experience to be disappointing in arguably the most beautiful property on the Strip:  hot entrees were served at room temperature and were dry and uninspiring; some advertised items such as "whole turkey" were not available and the desserts were pedestrian.  Our only positive observation:  our drink server (Susana M) was very attentive and an asset to the brand.笑
Absolutely fantastic. 
So much to choose from and everything is great quality. 
So cheap considering how nice it was.
We thoroughly enjoyed our meals.笑
It "ain't" what it used to be.

MGM has created their own mess of low room rates, low service, and $14 drinks. 

The Buffet is now overcrowded with children and strollers as families are packing the "family truckster" for a "Vegas Vacation". I counted over 20 strollers in The Buffet!

... That's not "SIN CITY" that's a day care center, with screaming children! These families aren't going to pony up $14 for a "girl drink" or $7 for a beer. Rather they'll anchor themselves for as long as possible and drink "diet Coke" until the fountain runs dry.

In turn, MGM has gone on the cheap, cutting down on all of the service stations. They let pizza and other dishes sit there until the last slice is taken. 

For $20 (during the week) you get what you pay for... 

Love him or hate him, when Wynn ran the Bellagio he'd never stand for this average quality and service!笑
This buffet use to be one of my favorites on the strip. But I find myself skipping Bellagio and going straight to the Wynn. It does have a wide variety of food prepared very well. Price is comparable to the Wynn. I guess I just like the 'shiny" new stuff. I'm sure when a new 5-diamond hotel opens up, it'll replace the Wynn as my favorite.笑
Called here before coming to make sure I was going to get what I was craving for (crab legs) and they said they did have it for brunch. Here comes walking around the buffet and NO CRAB at all! Then I spoke to a lady at the front and she was rude about it. Server was great, limited choices of food and it sucks you have to pay FULL PRICE FOR CHILDREN...笑
Really enjoyed the buffet, something for everyone.  We were there for Xmas day and the queue was 4 hours long from 3pm!  So if you have an M life card use it.
It was over $100 for two of us, it is cheaper when it's not the holidays but it is really good food.笑
I came here to try out their buffet since I heard a lot about it  and they have been featured in Food Network as one of the bests in Vegas.  For 19.95 , I would rather  go to WYNN Buffet. There weren't alot of choices and the food was not that great. I'm giving this place 3 stars because of the awesome sliders they had.  Their desserts weren't very many either .  My tip for you, go to Wynn instead.笑
Maybe I went on an off day.

This buffet reminded me of Hometown Buffet. Sad, worn out, and full of subpar food.笑
The buffet at Bellagio is excellent.  The big decision was whether we wanted to go to Bellagio or The Wynn's buffet.  Well, we ended up eating at both.  Went to Bellagio on Friday, the 29th of Jan, 2010.  My wife and I enjoyed the sushi, beef carpaccio and the Kobe Sirloin roast.  Service was efficient and courteous.  Our only complaint was the quality of some of the food.  The prime rib and lamb chops (especially) were dry.  Our conclusion was that Bellagio had a better variety, but The Wynn had slightly better quality.  BUT, we ate at Bellagio on a Friday, which is a "gourmet" buffet, for an extra $7 over their regular weeknight buffet.  We had The Wynn's regular weeknight buffet on a Sunday.  In all fairness we can't compare The Wynn's gourmet buffet because we didn't have it.  The Wynn's dessert selection was bigger!  We would definitely return to both.笑
this is by far the best buffet ive ever been to. we went on a friday night, the line was crazy long but they let us sit at the bar which was great!

the staff at the bar was super friendly.

and now onto the good stuff, the food! 

beef wellington, prime rib, elk, ostrich, creamed spinach and other yummy veggies and the desserts were killer! i ate enough creme brulee for 3 people. my only gripe, no tiramisu! but plently of other things to fill in that gap so they still score 5 stars with me!笑
To date, this is the best buffet i have ever been to. All around perfection. I have eaten here at least 5 times and will definitely go back.

Yes, the line will be long if your not staying with the Bellagio. It sucks but 100% worth the wait. Another slight drawback is the cost. About $35 for dinner, but this is cheap as hell for a 5 star dinner.

Staff is very friendly but not too intrusive. Tables are cleaned quick and they are always around if u need something.

Now the food! King crab legs, all you can eat. A pound of these things is $15 At the market, easy. A sushi station with pre-made sushi or you can get some specialty hand rolls. Perfect prime beef. And a desert bar that will make you cry it is so vast.

Last time i went here i was sick and miserable (with a cold) and i still enjoyed myself. 

Unless your budget is very tight go here! The variety is so vast you can eat here almost every night, i did.笑
AAA ....like i keeled over and woke up in food heven.笑
Really great Buffet!! Good selection of foods. Quality is ridiculous!! Worth the wait.笑
this buffet has alittle bit of everything from across the world. good place to experience the taste of the world. bit pricey and you want to get there early for dinner. line gets pretty damn long. I'm not too big on buffets just bc I just don't feel like I get my money's worth but I will say this buffet is worth the experience.笑
We ate at the Bellagio buffet for lunch/dinner. We got in like a half hour before lunch ended to get the lunch price, ate slowly and they slowly started converting to dinner. The food was good buffet food with a wide selection, though I would not say it was amazing food overall. The desserts were very good. One thing I thought a lot of the side dishes like potatoes were a little salty for me. Overall for a buffet it was quite good.笑
Are you kidding me? It twas the night before Christmas. Alot of tourist in Vegas. We waited for freakin 2 and a half hours just to get a taste of the gourmet buffett. We saw alot of people cutting in line and employees are very poor in handling the situation. It is also unfair that they have very few registers and that makes the line very long and people very upset. The food is okay, not the gourmet you would expect from a fine Las Vegas restaurant. For the price, of $45 i would expect alot more than the selection they had to offer although there are some good food choices like Kobe steak and King Crab. But i was expecting some fried chicken, french fries or even and  some waffles in most buffetts which they didn't have. If i were you save your money and your time and just hit up Gaylord Indian restaurant in rio and you'll have a better time.笑
Hubby was a little testy once he saw the Friday night line but agreed that it was totally worth it. The selection was huge and everything tasted good.  The prime rib was delicious but look for the stuffed puff pastry station. (I'm sure there is a fancy name for it, but I don't remember seeing it.)  

They sauted small pieces of shrimp, peppers and mushrooms in a pesto sauce.  Now that was good.....笑
I was so disappointed in the dinner buffet. I felt like I was walking around for awhile trying to find something to eat other than pizza and even that wasn't good. Everything I tried was bland and not tasty at all. I wouldn't go back again, there are too many better places to try.笑
I normally don't review buffets because they're so varied it's really hard to find something that just stands out.  I've eaten at many Vegas buffets over the years and the only ones that have ever blown my mind is Aria Buffet, Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo, MGM Grand, and Luxor (the latter two particularly because of value for their brunch buffets).

I originally planned to go to the Caesar's buffet (Bacchanal-something) but the line for that was at least 45 minutes or more.  I was really craving a buffet with some asian selections, which you'll typically find in the more pricier buffets.  Since Bellagio was close, I took a chance and made my way over there, where the wait was only about 20 minutes.  

Like most night time buffets, there was piles of crab legs.  What I like at the pricier places is that they precut the legs so you don't have to spend half the night cracking open legs, pulling out the meat, and praying that you didn't screw up the pull to where half the meat gets stuck in the shell.

There's a salad bar, dessert bar, bread bar, soup bar, yadda yadda.  They also had a sushi bar and italian, american, spanish, and chinese choices.  Unfortunately, no shao mai or har gow but they had gai lan, chicken in black bean sauce with pea pods, char siu bao, fried rice, and something else I can't remember.  It was all delicious but little did I know that was the "worst" part of the meal.

I had their pasta and O M G it was delicious!  Cheese tortellini in walnut pesto sauce, beef ravioli in cream sauce, and chicken and sundried tomato bowtie pasts....all of these were incredible!  

Then it got even better when I went to the sushi bar because they had salmon poke and ahi poke.  For those of you that know me, I am a salmon fiend.  I LOVE SALMON.  Smoked, grilled, sushi grade raw, broiled, I'll eat it.  Even the crappy salmon they serve at cheaper buffets, I'll eat it.

That salmon poke was AMAZING.  They used quality sushi grade salmon to make it.  That salmon was so delicious, I feel like I definitely got my money's worth. 

The desserts were delicious as well...I had their tiramisu and cheesecakes.  I was shocked to see ice cream machines instead of gelato stations like other contemporary buffets.  Negative points to that.

Also, this buffet wasn't very vegan friendly....unfortunately I can't take the Vegan GF here because all she could eat is the build your own salad, lentil soup, the chinese broccoli, and maybe some sushi rolls.  Wicked Spoon was far vegan friendlier.  However, the italian food and the salmon poke just made this place amazing for me.

The dinner buffet during the week is $35.   -1 star because even though the italian and seafood dishes are superb, the rest of the fare is hit or miss.笑
Went for dinner.  Only liked two dishes there, prime rib and primavera pasta.  Dessert, though there was a large selection, was mediocre in taste.  

Heard from others that the best is to go for champagne brunch.笑
This is definitely not a 4-star worthy buffet. Before I went here for dinner, my understanding was that even though it's an older buffet (when you compare it to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal Buffet, etc), but the food is still very good. That is completely not true, not only it's an old buffet, the food is no where near the standards of some the new buffets at all.

We went on a Monday evening at about 5 PM, there was a 90 minute wait. By now, I am used to waiting for buffets, so it was not a big deal. Dinner was $32.99 on weekday nights as of August of 2013, it is on par with the other nicer buffets on the strip. Food offered in very limited variety, the Asian station was a joke. I've seen much better food at some of the cheaper buffets. Overall, unless you are staying at the hotel and want a quick bite when there is no line, I don't see any reason why anyone would come here. I will certainly not come back. If you are looking for a nice buffet, I would go to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal or the Wynn. If you are looking for a more budget conscious buffet, I would recommend going to the Palm.笑
Still my pick for the best quality buffet in Las Vegas, though I have yet to try the buffet at Wynn's. In my most recent visit, we went on a Sunday night - $30 and about a 15 minute wait. Not too bad overall. 

Here's why I like this place - great selection and good quality. Cheeses, several varieties of sushi, decent salad bar, large selection of desserts. Several meat options including kobe beef. 

Downsides include a few mediocre offerings (stuffing was served in a disk shape and had a hockey puck texture to it - though my brother said gravy helped it a lot). The buffet area is a little cramped and is easily congested. 

Try it - you should leave pretty full and happy.笑
How I expected more. Like WAAAAAY more. 

Went during Memorial Day weekend 2008 and it was my BF's (now fiance YAY!) and my first trip to Vegas together and since he is like a buffet fanatic, he was totally like "We have to go to the Bellagio Buffet. We have to go to the Bellagio Buffet!!! WE HAVE TO GO TO THE BELLAGIO BUFFET!!!!!" He used to live in Vegas so he would tell me all these good things about it and how it was rated this or how it got that award. Ok so I agreed to check it out and we went.

Waited in line for like 2 hours on a Sunday and was not pleased at all with the end result. Maybe because we were at the Wynn's buffet the night before and were totally blown away by it. We had such high expectations for Bellagio's buffet since we read such good reviews about it and thought that if the Wynn was awesome, the Bellagio would be buffet heaven.

The food was unremarkable and I don't even remember what I ate besides the prime rib and crab legs. I know I tasted something of everything but really, I don't remember anything that I ate. That's what made it so bad. Oh, I also had a glass of green tea.

The decor reminded me of a Sizzler. I know, it's a buffet so don't expect chandeliers or famous paintings on the wall but it just didn't look like it would belong in the Bellagio. Maybe in a hotel like Harrah's across the street?

And my poor BF-now fiance got a really bad case of heartburn a few hours later. =(笑
The price was fair for lunch buffet.$22.99 for lunch before tax. Worth to try the steak and shrimp cocktail. Normal salad bar, pizza, Asian food. No sashimi for lunch. Desert was pretty good, but compare to other buffet, not much variety. Won't come back for lunch buffet.笑
Wowzer. So dang good. My hubby definitely got his money's worth! Thankfully we got there before the huge rush, and the line was crazy long when we left.笑
the bellagio buffet has been a favorite through all the new buffets.  i was never impressed with any other and i've been to wynn, paris, rio, etc. 

i actually wanted to try another buffet but our friends wanted to come here...and it was okay with me as long as it was bellagio.

but i didn't know that they hike up the price for no reason easter weekend.  it was $44.95!!  OMG..  as if they don't already make enough money..  boo.

the line wasn't too bad but it still took about 40 minutes.  (i got in line at 7:15pm)

what i always eat at any buffet is the prime rib.  people who know me know that i LOVE my prime rib.  after i enter the buffet, i go straight to the carver and get two helpings.  before other people have come back from going through the entire buffet, i'm already done with that.  heheh..

luckily, the prime rib was medium rare when i arrived.  the latter pieces were overcooked.  by the time they got more fresh meat, i was on dessert. 

the creamy horseradish is across from the meat station.  however, the real horseradish was located in a weird location inbetween the pasta and pizza.  yeah, i didn't get it.. 

kobe sirloin was tough and overdone.  they had quite a bit of lamb if you like it but i don't. 

i liked the mixed corn, mushrooms, etc in the salad bar area.  the fish was okay...seabass and swordfish.

alaskan crab legs were okay too.  you can request that they steam the crab legs in hot water so that you can have it warm.

worst thing was the pork.  they don't know how to cook pork at all.  how do you mess up baby back ribs?  they must be talented.  pork belly was tough too.  it's supposed to melt in your mouth not be like a rock.

service was okay.  they bring out drinks and clear plates.  

desserts were delicious.  they had bread pudding, peach panecotta, napoleon, raspberry chocolate mousse cake, big french macaroons, soft serve vanilla, brownies, apple pie, etc.. 

i think the quality of the food has deteriorated.  the desserts are still good.  that's about it.  i wish i tried the other buffet i was thinking of...  if i knew we were going to pay $45 per person, i would have pushed for it.  oh well..

the $44.95 price tag was too much...even for a buffet.  oh yeah, there is no kids' price.  i asked cuz i was curious since i saw some people bring a good number of kids.  kids are full price unless they are under 3 years old.  but maybe they are high rollers and get free buffet coupons.  still vegas is not a great place to take kids...  HEL-LO... *sigh*笑
Careful about getting the alcohol package added to you bill. It isn't anything from the bar. It's about 5 drink options. If you like beer, its worth it.笑
Very very pricey but worth it especially when you know that 88 chefs made your breakfast/lunch. It's grand alright. Lots of desserts, some sushi, had turkey, steak, oatmeal, regular cereal, grits, soups, some chinese food, fried stuff. Kind of stuff you would see at a regular buffet just presented nicely. 

Loved their blueberry muffins, green mashed potatoes, and turkey. Everything else was just ok. 

Go for the experience... $27 for brunch where are you ever going to do that?笑
I will keep this short and sweet because I got to catch up with all my reviews from the Vegas trip.

The food is pretty good and the price is reasonable. It falls right in the middle of buffets in Vegas for quality of food.

The horrible part is the wait. I have never seen a line as long as this! The food is like average to above average, but the line makes you think you they are handing out free money or show tickets. There have been a number of times when I said "pass" because the line was way too long. I ate here this time and it was just average.笑
Grandeur and excess in it's most edible form. 

The Bellagio is a treat to visit for any reason, but to pig out on thousands of calories of good food? "Stone Cold" Steve Austin coined the phrase, "GIMME AN' OOOOO HELLLLLL YEAHHHH!!!!"

Their selection is so great, you'll burn some cal's walking around looking for items to fill your plate. There's a vast array of cuisines from a multitude of different cultures that are all prepared well and presented nicely. 

Your going to feel horrible about yourself. You'll likely grab far more than you need, only nibble on certain things, then leave your plate fairly full so you can return for the items you couldn't fit on your initial run. I suppose this is commonly the case at a buffet, but due to the caliber of food here it feels like a greater wrong. 

My only quarrel, which is typical at most buffets, was that most of the food looked far better than it tasted. 

While in Vegas, I absolutely feel this is a must stop for anyone who is desiring the notorious "buffet" experience. You'll feel like you have the world at your fingertips. 

Now to find the crappiest buffet, like the one from National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation. "I'll have some of the yell-ah, and dont go cheap on me now!"笑
The line was ridiculously long and it was expensive.  The food variety was great, and so was the quality ... but it wasn't my favorite buffet on the strip.  Maybe because I am more of a sushi person and on the day I went there wasn't much of a selection.

I must admit that everything else was very delicious and the service was good -- and if I wasn't so fixated on one thing every time I go and eat buffets, then I probably would've given this place a 4 or 4.5 stars.  But because I am, I can only give this place 3 stars.笑
Vegas buffets! When you go to Vegas you have to visit at least one. However, I was very disappointed by the Bellagio buffet. It is very very expensive and I didn't feel like I was getting my money's worth. Most of the food was just OK and the prime rib was dry and chewy. I guess I was expecting it to be better than the run of the mill buffets but it was just like any buffet with mass produced food sitting under heat lamps. For the price I would never go back.笑
Had a hour wait was not worth the wait or money the food wasn't that great especially for a Vegas Buffett.笑
For all those raving about how great the bellagio is...what the heck? My husband and I ate here and had the christmas brunch. Darn near came up to $90 including taxes for the both of us, and that's not after waiting in line for 1hr and 30 mins! We thought, wow, the line is so long, their food must be good. We were so wrong. Maybe we came on a "bad" day, but their crab legs were not steaming hot out of the pot, they were cold on ice, the food selection was very poor. There wasn't any kobe beef as advertised, but we did observe a very rare rib steak being carved up and wanted to hurl. The breakfast selection was bland. No scrambled eggs, no hash browns, no oatmeal, no basic buffet staples, like steamed vegetables, protein, desserts etc. I def felt robbed here. Go to WYNN buffet or Mandalay bays, def way better.笑
My review hasn't changed much from last year, expect to say that I'm a bit disappointed that you have to request your crab legs to be steamed.  They only come chilled to begin with.  Also, I think the extra process really drains the flavor as they were a bit disappointing this trip.  I still love the sushi, and terrific fresh poke comprised of Ahi Tuna and Salmon.  They also added an amazing Watermelon, Goat Cheese, and Tomato salad.  The Prime Rib was excellent as were the Asian entrees and dessert!  You can't beat this place for the price!笑
One of the best buffets in Vegas. There is a large selection of different kinds of ethnic foods, prime rib, steak, pork, roasts, etc. The dinner buffet will cost you $32 including tax.

My favorite dish was the three cheese tortellini with a pesto walnut sauce. Delicious.笑
I'm going to give this a 3 stars...  Great selection though: Ostrich, duck, lamb, sea bass, swordfish, sushi, prime rib, shrimp, king crab, snow crab, beef wellington... etc... definitely a "gourmet buffet" on saturday night!

I just wanted to give a quick summary on the good and the bad:

Excellent:
Sea Bass
Service
Spicy tuna temaki

Good:
Swordfish
Real crab cali rolls
Mushroom orzo

Bad:
King and snow crab were SO salty!
Duck was undercooked
DIDN"T HAVE ENOUGH ROOM TO TRY DESERTS!!!! ARRRGGH!

It's worth it if there isn't a line and you stick to the good stuff.笑
Love the variety....watch out for the Asians taking all the crab (my parents being 2 of them).
Everything was good. Loved the caviar station and all the pretty yummy desserts.
I don't know when they started this but now they have an all you can drink option. $8 for beer or wine. 
My only CON: I had to pay full price for my 6 year old. $38.99 for him to eat 2 slices of pizza and have some soft serve.笑
To my fellow food critics, it has come to my attention that this restaurant has been feeding us rat poison.  You may think I am exaggerating, but I am not.  The line was outrageous and full of psychotic people.  For example this man just cut into the middle of the line with his psychotic girlfriend.  She kept on rambling on and on, if it were up to me I would send away to a mental hospital.
     Okay, let's get to the food.  We paid 35.99+tax for a descent meal.  At first we were looking forward to eating the snow crabs, I tried a little bit and spit it right out.  IT WAS COLD!  But, the most annoying thing was when I started to get dessert.  I was looking forward to eating Crème brûlée, but the lady in front of me had already taken the last one.  I asked the chef if there was anymore or if she was going to make anymore, and I was sure she was whispering Spanish to me, like do I look Spanish.  I don't recommend the lemon tarts, key lime pie, or lemon meringue, it's too sour and the meringue was not made right.
     Overall, this was completely terrible.  Service was horrendous, the waitress kept on correcting, like boi did even graduate high school Felicia.  Thank you for listening to my tips and comments.笑
In short: not impressed-- sorry, Bellagio. I've been to Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon, both of which are extraordinary, and I expected Bellagio to be in that category too. It isn't. The main reason I went-- and this could be "user error"-- was because of all the pics I saw on Yelp of the caviar part of the buffet, which seemed to set it apart from the others. When I got to the counter, the cashier told me they only have that very occasionally for special dinners. Oh well-- I'm here now, so I may as well try it anyway. And what I got is a buffet of good-quality but standard selections. Nicely cooked meat, good potatoes, uninspired side dishes, unappealing desserts. When I first came in, there were macarons at the dessert counter; by the time I was ready for dessert, they were gone, and no more appeared even though I looked for them on multiple passes. Not the end of the world, but that's just the sort of subdued disappointment you get here. I'm giving in three stars because it's not actually a bad buffet by any means. It's just not among the best in Vegas and it's much less than I would have expected out of the Bellagio.笑
This is my first and last time I will becoming here. 

Let's start with the staff, I don't know what it was today, but everyone seem to have had their panties twisted in a bunch and they were sitting on it. The host was kind of snappy to everyone, and our server, let's just he was too busy to be bothered to get our drinks or clean off the table.

To be fair I gave every station a little try to see which one was the best, but you figured for about $40 per person the food would be better then the average buffet.  I was wrong, I could have gone to any other crappy buffet and would have had the same tasting food.

Next time I think I will just grab something from a vending machine.笑
Total YUM!!!!  Turkey, potatoes, gravy, veggies, beef wellington, prime rib were awesome.   Salad bar left a bit to be desired and Kobe roast beef was a bit dry.  Desserts were great!  Went on Friday evening.  Way too many misbehaving children for me.  Why would you let your kids swing on railings, push baby stroller around, kick in a line of people.  Definitely was getting annoyed while waiting in line.  People please keep your kids under control.笑
I just wanted to compare the top ranking buffet restaurants in the Vegas,  based on the USA Today's report. The decoration of the buffet restaurant in the Bellagio is not as impressive as the ones in the Caesar Place or the Wynn. The foods, however, were quite in par with the two. The cost here in cheaper too. For me, the foods in the top three ranked buffet restaurants are quite similar, so either one would do the trick. If you are not going for the decoration, then Bellagio would be the one for you.笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio is a must stop on anyone Vegas trip.  I've been to Vegas three times now and haven't missed it yet.  It's huge and they have tons of choices from seafood, prime rib, salad bar, Asian, Mexican, desert bar, and everything in between.  It's best to go after 10am or on the weekends when they have brunch and bottomless mimosas for only $30!!  Seriously.....the mashed potatoes are the best I've ever had!!!!笑
Came for dinner and the buffet is amazing as I last remember!. Enough food but not overwhelming to where you can't take a bit of everything offered. The sushi, salmon poke and tuna poke were delicious. Surprisingly good consider it is a buffet.

The dessert section is great. I mean glorious great. Lots of sweets offered. The creme burlee is good but it isn't warm- well yea it is sitting out for awhile. And there's an abundance of chocolate cover strawberries. OohhhMeeeGeee, forget eating real dinner food. Comatose from stuffing my face with chocokate cover strawberries.
The cheesecake was also delicious. Nice soft texture.

Our server was great. There was a birthday in our group and the server came out with a dessert plate and sang happy birthday to her! Loveeed It.笑
Some people go to Vegas to gamble, some go for the nightlife, but I go to eat. At just under $40, this buffet may seem a bit pricey, but it is well worth the cost as long as you eat the appropriate items (so stay away from the salad).

The variety is great, ranging from various types of sushi, seafood, meats, pastas, and even pizza! Sadly the pizza looked like the worst thing there, but why would you eat pizza at a buffet when you have prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and all the crab legs you could eat!

Dessert was even better, almost as much variety as the main dishes. Choose from frozen yogurt, sorbet, and more pastries than you could ever imagine.笑
I think this buffet isn't bad regardless of the price. I went on a weekend, so it was $32/person for brunch. Which I don't think is unreasonable for the buffet.

You get all your usual prime rib, shrimp cocktails, variety of Chinese foods, spanish foods and seafood. There was quite a few seafood salads and the smoked salmon was really good as well. The roasted lamb was very good in my opinion. In addition to that, obviously there's a big selection of breakfast foods and two omelette making stations to custom make your omelette for you.

There's no alcoholic beverages included with the price and the dessert section is not very large compared to some of the other vegas buffets but this is a good solid buffet in my opinion. I definitely like the price as well.笑
Yummy, if you can think of it they had it. Huge selection and great tasting. 

Very pricey, fun to do at least once.笑
I'm downgrading them two stars for their lunch selection.  Yes the price is cheaper for lunch but the qualify and the selection is a lot less as well.  They served flank steak and turkey at their carving stations and both cuts of meats were dry.  The sushi station is very limited to just veggie, California roll, and at request spicy tuna hand rolls.  The miso soup is really salty too.  The seafood menu is very limited too.  

I guess its still an above average buffet but I was disappointed as dinner here the last time was really good.笑
This review is strictly for Bellagio's dinner buffet.

I'm always walking through or past Bellagio when I'm in Vegas anyways so going to the dinner buffet here is a no-brainer. I started coming here as part of my trip to Vegas every time since 2014. It's replaced Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace as my go-to buffet in Vegas.

They have tiered pricing depending on what day of the week you go. 
M~Th dinner is $37 pp and F~Sun dinner is $42 pp.

There is a line no matter what day you go so be prepared to wait unless you're a Pearl M life member or higher.

There is a great selection of food to appease every taste bud but my absolute favorites were the grilled meat including the juicy prime rib and tender short ribs, crab legs, spicy tuna hand rolls, pasta, and their dessert station. I was disappointed with their paella and they didn't have raw oysters!

I always eat more than I need to but couldn't help it with all the delicious food around me.

Lastly I'm a fan of their organic chamomile pyramid tea bag!笑
We were in Las Vegas for a trade show and friends wanted to eat at the Buffet. Most buffets in Vegas are a safe bet. This one - not so much. The crab legs are very good and if that's all you want to eat, stick with them. This is the only place I've ever been where the kobe beef was dry and rubbery. The sushi is made at the buffet but it's quality is sub-par. The dessert bar was awful. I really don't have much that's good to say about this buffet. For $50 a person, there are better options for a buffet. Go to Caesear's Palace buffet - it's really, really good. The buffet at Paris Paris was delicious - let me temper that statement by adding that I haven't eaten at this buffet in several years - it might have changed.

It is very surprising that the buffet is so poor. For the money, go to the Cafe - the food is much better.笑
Pretty good, though the table service for drinks was poor - perhaps I caught them at a bad time?笑
Go to the Paris instead. I came here for brunch on 7/3/11 and paid $32.  The paris was $24 when I went a month before.  The food was such a disappointment when you compare it to the Paris.  I was at the buffet till 2 pm and they were still serving cheap things like eggs, french toasts, pizza, and bacon.  The sushi wasn't real sushi.  To make it seem like I got my moneys worth, I ate as much stone crab legs as possible.   I was hoping that the Bellagio Buffet would also have a more Italian theme, with pasta dishes and cheeses, but none of that.  They served instead cheap cheddar cheese.  I like how to Paris keeps to their french theme and they even have the French regions in each section.笑
Very impressive buffet! A variety of sushi, fish, shrimp, desserts...  Everything is fresh and well presented.笑
My favorite buffet in Las Vegas!  The sea bass is stellar.  The carrots, of all things, are so good.  In fact, this buffet does vegetables with great care, from green beans to pesto whipped potatoes.  
The spicy tuna hand rolls are a great starter.  Ask for them by the sushi.  The soups are always fabu, the manhattan clam chowder being my fave.  Yes, they have peeled shrimp, pizza, carving stations...all the usuals.  I suggest branching out a bit.  Try the smoked trout, cous cous with peas and mushrooms, beef bourguignon.  For dessert, the carrot cake gets a big thumbs up.  Bon appetit!笑
I'm converted. 

I used to loathe buffets but I now see the light.  

KOBE sirloin steak from Japan (yes, it's true. I asked)
Rack of Lamb
King crab legs
Ahi Tuna and Salmon Poki
Paella (you know how I love thee)
Eggplant pasta w/ truffle sauce
Large shrimp cocktail
Mussels in white wine broth
Mountains of desserts (creme brulee, cheesecake, strawberry tart, red velvet cake...etc)

Oh, I am a fan.笑
Gosh how I wish Yelp would add one more button next to Useful.. Funny.. Cool... how about SLAPPP?? 

If you gave this place 3 stars or under... I really question you... what exactly do you expect in a buffet or restaurant? Sex under the table? Massages as you eat? Keno while you eat? I mean REALLY?? 

Whatever the line is, it is worth it... be social you are in Vegas, hang out talk to others from around the globe, watch the dealer tables nearby with people playing War... I thought that was only on Vegas Vacation until I saw it live and up close... 

Dress? No not to impress... but rather to come wobbling out... rolling like a ball, wobbling like a penguin, etc. Leave the belt at home guys... And girls if you pick one day to eat while you are on vacation make this be the day! 

Waiters and bartenders, you spoiled me completely... 

The selection of food is something I would have never envisioned... I walked around for a while looking for something they didn't have that I would want and NEGATIVE... 

King crab legs on steroids, PIZZA (all different types drool worthy), pastas of all sorts and sauces, sushi, meats, cheeses, salmon, shrimp, clams... EVERYTHING and ANYTHING. And there is no room for disappointment... 

Price is perfect... And if you are contemplating this buffet or the Wynn go for this one hands down...笑
Update from my last trip in May 2014. They had the hamburger slider bar I adore so much! Yay! Sadly, at least during lunch on weekdays, there were no crab legs. Just shrimp. Boo. In their defense, though, it seemed like most of the strip buffets we went to for lunch were no longer doing crab legs. Maybe there is a shortage? Maybe it is just a dinner thing now?

Also I had the turkey at the carving station and this time it was cooked gorgeously. That with the mashed potatoes, gravy and cranberries was like Thanksgiving in May. Yum yummy.

I would enjoy a bit more selection in the sushi roll department and I am still missing the caprese salad at the salad bar but everything I had this trip was delicious. However, I recommended the pesto shrimp pizza to my friend and when we went to go get her a slice they had just put out a whole one right from the oven...and it was incredibly undercooked. The crust wasn't even slightly brown so she skipped it.

Don't lose your focus, Bellagio! You have the ability to be one of the best buffets on the strip but you have to really keep your eye on quality!笑
This place is incredibly overpriced for mediocre food. I hate wasting food, but I couldn't finish anything that I tried.

For $49 a person, it should be a lot better. I'll chalk up part of it to being kind of late, but never again.笑
My friends and I managed to rack up a fair amount of comp points from the MGM and got to eat here pretty much for our entire trip.  What a spread!  Their offerings include king crab, juicy steaks, fresh bass, and what could be one of the best bread puddings I've ever had (I've only found 2 other places in my travels that have it this good).  I COMPLETELY understand why there's always a line out the door for their buffet.  Truely the gold standard in buffets and an absolute can't miss whenever you're in Vegas.笑
for a buffet, this place is top notch.  I wish there were different items for the 3 meals, and maybe different prices.  

It is very expensive for a buffet, but they do have good food and a lot of options.  Going there day after day can be tiresome, but they do seem to have food in every group. Would love to see more sushi!

The eclairs for dessert are incredible.  Eggs Benedict is also quite good.笑
I checked out The Buffet at Bellagio on a Friday night. The group I was with were looking for the right combination of a good buffet and a reasonable price. The Buffet at Bellagio, based on a few online reviews I read, seemed to meet those requirements,

Then I walked in.

First of all, they charged me a $47 "holiday rate" because of Columbus Day weekend. Columbus Day is a horrible holiday for many historical reasons in my view, but that aside, I was there in a Friday. Columbus Day was on the following Monday. Why would they gouge customers for $47 three days before a random holiday? 

Anyway, that wasn't a good start to the experience. But I want to review this place irrespective of those shenanigans and provide an unbiased assessment.

The food was decent and diverse. They had a couple meat stations - one which was serving prime rib and corned beef, and another which was serving goat shanks and lamb chops. The corned beef was really flavorable as was the lamb shanks. Those who tried the other options had a similar assessment.

They had a few seafood stations, one which had shrimp cocktails, another with several different types of crab legs, and a sushi station. The crab legs were sliced in half vertically, making it easy to eat. The shrimp was okay. The sushi was underwhelming (especially the sashimi). 

They had a pizza station which was pretty good. They had a few different kinds of thin-crust pizza, and I appreciated that.

Everything else, for the most part, was pretty "meh" for a buffet - nothing better than you'd have in your average buffet in other parts of the country. 

The one thing I will offer specific praise for is the dessert section. They had several different options - cheesecakes, brownies, flan, cookies, creme brulee, ice cream, etc. After trying a bite of a few different options, I can say that they were all good except for the flan.

Ultimately, when factoring in even the regular, non-holiday rate, I'd say that it isn't worth the price when there are several better dining options nearby. It's definitely not worth $47. Ridiculous.笑
Excellent.  Very good variety for a fair price (about 40 bucks).  Everything was delicious including the desserts.  Cant beat it.  Your eyes are just so much bigger than your stomach that you wish you could eat more/longer without feeling sick.  Awesome buffet.  One of the best I've ever had.  Salmon sushi and crab legs were the highlight for me.

4.5 stars笑
After waiting in line for 2 hours for dinner buffets my husband and I had to sit at the bar to eat and the bartender kept taking our drinks away before we were finished and without even asking!  We honestly can't rate the food because we were treated so horribly by the bartender ( I think he wasn't keen on people eating dinner there and not just ordering alcohol).  Looked like a great Buffett but waited much too long and was treated badly.  Too sad :-(笑
I've been to all sorts of Vegas buffets over the last decade and Bellagio's buffet is hands down the best on the strip. While 5-10% of the dishes are disappointing, 90-95% of the dishes on are absolutely on par with entrees at high end restaurant. The staff are attentive and courteous. It is a great deal as well. One would be hard-pressed to eat this volume of excellent fare at these prices on the strip. 

If you have the ability to properly curate your own meal this is the place to go. Stuffing your face with an illogical sequence of dishes makes for a subpar buffet experience.笑
Headed here for dinner with some friends over Easter weekend.  I'd had this on my list of places to eat for some time and I was certainly not disappointed.  The quality of all of the food was very good, especially considering the fact that they have such a large variety.  As you walk into the buffet area you are greeted with a large assortment of sushi (both nigiri and various rolls).  I passed on these and headed to the pile of crab legs lurking behind the sushi bar.  They split the crab legs so that they are easier to eat, which is a plus.  No need to waste precious buffet time cracking open a bunch of crab legs!  Also along the way you will find traditional American cuisine such as mashed potatoes and prime rib, along with other ethnic delights such as grape leaves and Chinese specialties.  Among the surprises was the beef wellington, which is not found at most other buffets.  It melts in your mouth.  The desserts leave something to the imagination and better ones can be found elsewhere.  But an excellent place to enjoy a nice meal if you can justify the cost.笑
My favorite buffet! I came here for lunch on a Wednesday and waited 30 plus minutes (not too bad). My favorites: Kobe beef sirloin, cheese sliders, pesto mashed potatoes, spicy tuna hand roll (oookay), bbq ribs and a few salads. 

I was already pretty full from trying a little of everything but I had to try the desserts too. I got one of each dessert. My favorites were: tiramisu, cheesecake (semi-light and not too sweet), chocolate mousse w/ a vanilla center and eclair!

Seriously try the Bellagio, I also really enjoyed the good coffee w/ my desserts. The server was nice and service was fast. Lunch is cheaper than dinner, but I think I'll definitely come back and try the gourmet dinners here.笑
Long line - but totally worth it.  They had endless options for food. Made-to-order omelettes, pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausage, and my favorite part was lots of fresh berries... HUGE, sweet strawberries most importantly! We ordered the champagne beakfast, and paid abot $60 for the two of us, so it was not cheap, but I left full and satisfied... Not to mention, they served gourmet desserts for breakfast. The cheese cake and tiramisu were divine!笑
Terrible, terrible! All the food tasted the same. Huge disappointment after so many nice meals at this hotel. Yelpers skip the buffet and save yourself the wait in line笑
The best buffet in Vegas...trust me, I've eaten at plenty others.  The Wynn is comparable but just not quite as good.  There's too much good eats to explain....from sushi to rack of lamb,  there's a bit of everything.  I like how the entire lengh of the buffet is different, not like most other buffets where each side is a duplicate of the other side.  On the weekends for dinner, it's close to $50 each but you'll get your money's worth.  They stop serving food promptly at 10:30pm so keep that in mind if you plan to go a little later to avoid the always mile long line.笑
On my recent trip to Las Vegas in September, I can assure you the breakfast buffet is fantastic! Well worth it. Great assortment. Go in between the Breakfast and Lunch time hours to get both breakfast and lunch time fare--We noticed that they start putting out the crab legs and more for the lunchtime crowd as early as 10:30am. :-) 

Price: It was about $21US per person.笑
Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to come here for dinner, but lunch was okay. The price wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be (breakfast $15, lunch $20, dinner $30, sunday champagne brunch $30). 

Lunch had it's pros and cons. It wasn't as packed, and we didn't wait in line at all. However, I guess they don't break out the big guns during this time. The food was just okay. A lot of overcooked fish, fake california/vegetable sushi, burned breakfast food leftovers, and wannabe Asian cuisine (I guess in honor of Chinese New Year). Their highlights were fancy pizza and salad. 

Although the food wasn't great, I'd visit here again; it's an economical place to eat, especially in Vegas.笑
Super late on my review for this buffet! I brought my mom here for the Mother's Day Brunch! I can't believe all of the bad reviews because my experience other than the service of our waiter was excellent! I was a little apprehensive to try it out because of all the previous reviews, however I took a step out on faith and tried it for myself! Really glad I did because it was everything I was hoping it's be! 
When we arrived it was NO LINE! Yes... NO LINE! On Mother's Day?! WOW! I was in complete shock I had to ask one of the employee's is this place even open! Lucked out completely because we had no wait! The price was I believe close to $60 per person from what I can remember but on Mother's Day that's standard for most of the hotels to charge at the buffet! 
The selection of food items, yes were a bit smaller compared to other buffet's but I had no complaints because it got the job done and my Mom loved it! My favorite part about all of it was the fact that they offered both KING CRAB legs and Snow! The option to have them heated was pretty neat because all you needed to do was pile your plate up as much as you wanted and the chef would heat them up for you! 
The "All You Can Drink" option can be added on for an additional $12-15 and when I called I was told it was $12, when we actually got there the waitress said $15! Whatever she wanted to argue and I didn't care I was only concerned with drinking! I did explain to her what I was quoted on the phone and she didn't care at all! Other than the attitude from her it was a great experience and I can definitely see myself returning again!笑
We just went there and i'm very disappointed with our server, her name julie G. We waited a long time until she came and give us a drink and then she never came back. She never check on us anymore and not very friendly. This make our breakfast unenjoyable and i think server has to be trained better. We were paying there and i still give her tips. However i wont return anymore due to this behavior.. Management please fix this!笑
We came here around 10AM and had time to enjoy the brunch and lunch selections. Brunch had some solid stand-outs: Eggs benedict, smoked salmon, some delicious ham, lavender watermelon. However, there was also a fair number of misses - the roast meat was dry and sliced too thick, the cheese blintzes too sweet, and the croissants dry. A lot of the staples were solid, but you don't go to a $36 brunch for pancakes and hash browns.

When the lunch selection rolled around, I was pleasantly surprised by the spring rolls and the tasty (albeit limited) selection of sushi. The rest of the menu did not change much.

This is the only buffet I went to in Las Vegas so I don't know how it compares to Caesar's Palace or the Sterling Brunch. Not a bad option if you really want to experience a Las Vegas buffet but perhaps not worth the high price tag in my opinion (unless you're able to make 2 meals out of it!)

Some tips:
-Go towards the end of the brunch time so you can pay the lower brunch price tag and still enjoy some lunch specialties.
-Try to go in between meal times (e.g. 3PM) in order to avoid long queues.
-If you're there for brunch or breakfast, ask for orange juice! It's fresh squeezed and delicious.笑
There are many options for food, and they are okay.  They raised the price for holiday, so I guess if you go normal day, you would probably think it's a pretty good deal.  However, I waited for a bit more than an hour to get in, I really think I would rather pay a bit more to go to a nice restaurant that I can make an appointment.  The best thing is the king crab, and I liked the flan.笑
Yuck!! I can only speak about the breakfast buffet but for $20 plus tip you would think the quality of the food would be a little better. In good Vegas fashion its all flash and no substance. Sure they have all kinds of food,,Chinese, pizza etc (for breakfast) but the quality of the ingredients is low low end. Bruised fruit, rancid tasting hollandaise, smoked salmon that smelled like old socks and watery coffee. Even the lighting is depressing like they only had money left over for some cheapo neon tubes. I guess if I had been drinking and gambling all night I might have enjoyed this before going to my room to sleep it off. My advice, unless drunk skip this place.笑
We all know that buffet reviews can be inconsistent, depending on a multitude of factors. Not everyone eats at the same time, not everyone waits in a long line, not everyone pays the same price, not everyone eats the same thing, and not everyone has the same tastes in food.

And not everyone tasted ostrich before. Strangely, the way it was prepared and cooked, it tasted just like chashu BBQ pork. So it was pretty tasty, but I couldn't help but have a mental image of an ostrich with his head buried in the ground. 

I'm not the biggest fan of prime rib, but I loved it here. It was tender, juicy, and super flavorful. Put some baby mushrooms with the au jus sauce on top, it had me coming back for more. Even when my stomach was about to explode.

The crab legs? I'm always apprehensive because they are the epitome of inconsistency in buffets. They could either still be semi-frozen and not entirely thawed out, they could be too salty, they could have some funky fishy flavor, or they could be skimpy on size and meat. Here, during my recent visit, everything was spot on.

Other favorites include the chilean seabass, salmon, and the braised beef. Nothing I tried was overcooked or bland. When it came time for dessert, I didn't hold back. My favorites would be the creme brulee, flan, mousse with apricot, and the chocolate covered strawberries. 

Surprisingly, the line around 5:30pm on a Saturday night was not very long. It was only after we left around 7pm that it snaked around the casino floor. I thought for the quality and quantity of food we ate, $35 per person was a bargain. By far, better than the Wynn buffet on my last visit, or any other buffet on the Strip for that matter. IMHO.

Of course, let's hope things are this good in my next visit. Because there's not a worse feeling than paying good money for bad food. Who knows, maybe we just got lucky this time around. Sometimes, you just hit the jackpot of buffet-eating experiences.笑
Raul is the most nicest and personal manager I've ever  met, from the minute I walked thru the door, he greeted me at the register and personally seated my family, thanks.笑
Number #1 buffet in Vegas?!!

YEA RIGHT.

I thought the buffet was just alright. Nothing really special. The decor reminded me of buffets in Reno. $19.99 for lunch on a Monday was worth the price but I just didnt think it was that good. 

The only thing I thought it was cool was burger sliders. Overall, I thought the buffet was nothing special.笑
I came here for lunch on Sunday and for some reason they did not have any crab legs.  How can you not serve crab legs??

Every time I go to a buffet, I must eat the prime rib.  And their prime rib was OK.  A few things that stood out were the lobster ravioli, shrimp and peso pizza, and the french toast station.  They have a big dessert section.  But no cones for ice cream!笑
Eventhough wait about 2 hrs, you will not disappointed. The taste of food very good. Kobe beef, Prime beef, Shrimp cocktail , Goose, lamb rack, many choices of dessert, different type of breads, Sushi bars and different type of pasta. The staff very friendly and helpful.笑
Only when buffets in Vegas are free is when they're good!! Hehe. But no really, I didn't really expect much of this buffet since it's not one of the big ones like Wicked Spoon or whatever the hell people are into these days.

I did think that the food here was better than I had anticipated and a lot better than the other buffets I've been to in Vegas. The crab legs were definitely delicious. Their steak was also pleasing. And tasty. I really liked that at first glance you can see all the food. I guess that's not a good thing for some people cause they're super pigs, but like I said I don't typical enjoy the idea of overly stuffing myself at a buffet, but this buffet was intimate enough that it wasn't overwhelming for me. I did enjoy the food very much and I would come back here.

The service was grade A too. Our server was always around and attending to our needs whether it be clearing up the empty dishes, or refilling our drinks. She was very attentive. And I liked that.笑
You really can find all this same stuff at most buffets around Vegas. I was unimpressed. I hate how an unpopular item just sits in their large pans going cold. There wasn't a lot of originality with the dishes. Thus, I prefer Wynn's.笑
Worst ever. If I could put -5 stars I would. 
 Decor is so old and selection isn't that great for the price.. 
Just got entire family sick with food posioning. What the hell??
Never going back there. Gonna stick with standard and go to wynn instead.笑
$36.95 per person on a Saturday night. NOT OK if you're spending that much and the food is just average. Bellagio? Come on now. 

We waited about 30-40 mins for a table Saturday evening for dinner. I don't mind paying that much (especially when I picked up my 2010 NLCS SF Giants winnings earlier). But I expected more glamourous and luxurious foods to be displayed here. We should of stuck with the Wynn buffet where I picked up my winnings.

Service good, even the prime rib cutter was nice and pleasant. But crappy sushi, overly-dry lamb, super tough fried duck and just ok desserts aren't Bellagio-ish. I did like the raspberry and passion fruit sorbet though and huge Alaskan king crab legs. 

Other than that, we should of went back to Wynn or the M Hotel buffet. Sad.笑
Visited in early August 2016. We had a buy 1, get 1 pass for dinner and went early to try to avoid a huge line (the line was still pretty slow-moving, but wasn't massive). 
The food was really good-- just what I expected from a Vegas buffet! The prime rib was excellent. The "Kobe" beef was a little off in flavor (I've had it in Kobe, and this didn't taste like that), but still delicious. The sushi, despite so many warnings against sushi on Vegas buffets, was delicious. The desserts were absolutely amazing. I couldn't choose and just ended up getting one of almost every kind! The crab was tasty but I missed having a butter dipping sauce for sure. 
The Buffet loses a star for service. The staff at the registers where you prepay weren't very hospitable and we were slow to get drinks from the wait staff (they were very friendly though).笑
There's no denying that there's a large variety of food (it's a buffet after all,) but it just doesn't come across as being worthy of a AAA Five Diamond hotel. I dined at the Aria Buffet (a MGM Resorts sister property) on the same trip, and I was so much more satisfied over there. The type of food offered at the Bellagio Buffet is uninspired. One of my family members complained the smoked salmon seemed rotten -- but I didn't notice that. You won't leave hungry, but I don't think that should be the standard at a fine hotel like this.笑
Spent 45mins in line and huge disappointment..

-Low quality food, their meats (pork roast/ prime rib) aren't good at all as they are all dried and hard and overcooked .
-unworthy price, this buffet costs $37.99
Also +13% of tips with 8 people or more 
-food choice = bad
As a sushi lover, I was looking for some raw fishes or fish sushi. But they only have vegetable sushi and smoked salmon!! 
Also, they have weird desserts and soup (carrot cake, pumpkin cake, some kind of nuts soup==)


By being nice, this restaurant worth 2 stars because their service. Some of the staff's attitude are good笑
We went for Sunday Brunch and added on the All You Can Drink option. They had a large variety in there food; salad bar, carving station, sushi bar, pasta bar, pizza bar and everything breakfast. 
     * There Prime Rib was delicious (ask for it cooked to your liking). 
     Bartenders/Servers Jimmy and William were awesome!! They were quick with the All You Can Drink turn-around time. The service and care that they gave to us was impeccable. 
     We will definitely being going back soon. Probably for Thanksgiving Brunch.笑
This is a high class buffet with great service and a rather good price, especially for what you get.  The food is displayed in an appetizing way, and none of it appears or tastes like cheap buffet food I've come to be used to.  Servers come by regularly to check on you, even though they do not have to do much. The staff is friendly and helpful.  Good experience and tasty food.笑
We went on an Saturday.  I have to say we didn't wait at all and I was surprised.  Maybe because it is off season. We walked around looking at the selections.  I went to get the crab legs and asked for them to be heated.  I was meet with a slight attitude as if it was an inconvenience to heat them. The crab legs were very good.  I was surprised that they didn't have a larger meat selection. The lamb was good as well as the prime rib. Just a little disappointed when I went to get the caviar.  While it is a BUFFET there is no reason to look upset when I ask to have sour cream on the blini. I do know how to eat caviar and it's never to be served with a regular spoon *tisk tisk* I get that some do not like the taste so you are given one, but I asked for 3 was given the look of death. Yeah I wanted more but didn't feel like being given the death stare. 
Other than that the food, the deserts were the standard as all the other buffets.  This is one of the better Buffets on the strip. It was worth the 90$ for two people. l笑
This review is for the breakfast/lunch buffet that costed I think it was about $35 per person. I must say I was not too impressed for the price.

Pros: 
-Fast entrance and seating
-variety of desserts (delicious creme brulee)
-typical drinks (soda, tea, coffee, and juices)
-omelette station

Cons:
-Limited variety of cuisines (typical American breakfast, some sushi, mediocre seafood,)
-Bland Fish
-bland Miso soup

With all the choices in Las Vegas, will definitely not go back笑
There are better buffette's in Vegas. The only reason you should go here is if you are crazy for crab legs. Dessert was good, nice selection for gluten/sugar free. The service was good and everything was clean but the restaurant is outdated and they charged me $5 for a expresso shot.笑
$35 for a dinner buffet is not bad for what you get. There was no wait at 5:30pm on a weekday. Decor is basic, nothing fancy but food is solid. Crab legs are great, large and full of flavor. Sushi is fresh. Loved the Chilean sea bass, so fat and juicy. Compared to Wicked Spoon we visited 2 days ago, the food here is by far better for less $$.笑
I went for dinner and I can't imagine a buffet getting much better than this. Everything I tried was delicious, which made it completely worth the $30 price. They had PLENTY of stations- salads, Italian, Latin, classics, seafood (sushi!), Asian, and of course desserts! The creme brûlée was delicious, so were the key lime pie, the chocolate dipped strawberries, and the rasberry chocolate mousse. I don't have any other dinner buffets in Vegas to compare it to, but I wouldn't want to try anywhere else after such an amazing and positive experience.笑
I came back for dinner on a Tuesday and the line was out of control...we probably were waiting for a good hour. However, for some reason, the Bellagio bartenders love me and once again my friend and I were pulled out of line and asked if we wanted to sit at the bar. If someone asks if you ever want to sit at the bar, DO IT. Or you can wear heels, as that's the reason the bartender gave me when I asked how she picks people out of line.

I went for about 3 rounds (meat, sushi/crab, dessert) and was fully stuffed. The Kobe beef was great, as was the prime rib. I'm a little impartial to lamb as I think my mother makes the best lamb ever, but it was still decent. The crab legs were ok, although I'm not necessarily a fan of chilled crab legs. I couldn't find any butter to save my life, and of course once I was done eating the guy next to me sat down with a big ass bowl of melted butter. Of course.

The desserts were delightful, I had a couple of their white chocolate cones, a chocolate cake with peanut butter stuff in it, and their key lime tart. I can't eat cheesecake, but they looked good as well.

The price is good for a high-line buffet, so I've got no complaints there. And there was definitely no shortage of food. So I raise my earlier review up a star, but would recommend going for lunch/dinner instead of breakfast...breakfast isn't really worth it in my opinion. Then again, I'm not the biggest fan of breakfast.笑
Was so good we ended up coming back the next day! They offered a buy one get one free promotion so we checked it out, loved it and came back for more!笑
I feel like being review #796 is a bit overkill, but what the heck.  Part of the reason why I got suckered in to this brunch was the fact that it had so many reviews.  Maybe I'm helping to sucker in someone else.

I'm hoping the fact that I was not here on a weekend is what explains the mediocre food.  Yes, there is a large selection, but I was not truly impressed by any of it.  I also asked for a glass of champagne, since its not included in the $19.95 weekday buffet, only to be warned by the waitress that a glass of champagne is $10!!  $10?!?  Are you kidding me?  Don't worry...if you want to add a splash of OJ and make it a mimosa, its $15!!  I thanked the waitress for the heads-up and stuck with diet coke.

The service was by far the best part of this buffet.  Our waitress was right there to pick up our dirty plates, and fill our sodas.  Don't worry, I still stuffed myself silly to get my money's worth, but next time I'm heading over to the Mirage for Cravings Buffet.  I ate there a couple years ago, and remember being much more impressed.笑
I was very disappointed their food was very salt there crab legs were very small this place sucked笑
It got everything a buffet restaurant has, well, what should I say, it's expensive, almost 50 bucks for a single person. I don't think it's worth it in a buffet level restaurant. I would rather try those 10 bucks buffet in other casinos.笑
So went to Vegas oh we could go for a Bashlor party and I got everyone hyped up to go to the Bellagio buffet where I heard it was one of the best buffets rated in the world and I was really excited to go so we went out to Vegas did our Vegas thing and got everyone to go eat at the  buffet and as an avid buffet go or I would give this only three stars they had really good food but from the hype that I've heard and only having four options for sushi I was disappointed for a $50 buffet so if you want your bang for the buck explore explore explore is plenty of awesome places to eat in Vegas and this is the place I will never go to again笑
We had easter dinner buffet. 

Good part- good buffet for sea food lovers specially who loves crab legs.  High quality of food, deserts mind blowing :-)

Low on- limited in selections for eg I will like to see some dimsum , indian food, middleeast food etc. Overall I think it's overrated.笑
The line is stupidly long on a Saturday morning. I went with someone with a gold m life card which let us cut the line. I thought the food was worth the price, especially for a ballagio location.笑
We came here for dinner: ~$40 / person.

GOOD:
+ Service: The waitress that I assume was in charge of the area I was in was super fast with drinks! She never had to be reminded/asked for refills. I just turned around and my cup was full.  It was magical.
+ Food: TONS of variety! Each section was pretty huge (i.e. meats, Asian foods, desserts, etc.). Satisfactory taste. 
+ Atmosphere: Bright, plenty of seating areas.

BAD:
- Service: I stepped on and tripped over food that had fallen on the ground about 3 times. Yuck. Clean up on aisle-everywhere, please. Also, for a crazy amount of workers here, the time waiting in line was too long. Not worth it.
- Price: Pretty pricey for a just-ok experience. 
- Food: For the price we paid, my experience here was ok. There was a lot to choose from, but most of the things I ate were only ok. For the price we paid, I was hoping to be wowed!
- Atmosphere: Decor had a 90's feel. They need to update. Also, everything feels so crammed together--I was literally dodging people everywhere I went. Women's bathroom only had 3 stalls too, I believe.  Too small for a buffet, in my opinion.

OVERALL: I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're lazy to go elsewhere, or you're more of a "quantity over quality" type of person.笑
** AYCE at a Reduced Price makes me a Happier Person **

If you are frequent visitor to Las Vegas, the chances is that you probably tried the Buffet at Bellagio.  If I remembered correctly, they used to charge close to $50/person for their dinner buffet, but I might be wrong since it's been a while since I did an AYCE @ Las Vegas.

Anyways... I went on a Saturday wherein they charge $36 for a gourmet dinner.  They have the usual... Salad, pasta, Chinese, Japanese, blah blah blah.  I tried a little bit of everything, they all taste good, but couldn't resist stopping by the meat section for another serving of the lamb everytime I passed by.  It was absolutely delicious.

OVERALL:
Yes, I ate my money's worth at Bellagio, and will probably regret my decision to go all-out at another AYCE location in a few days.  *sigh*笑
I guess it's just as good as you'd expect! Tried the carving station, had a huge pile of crab legs, and a custom omelet. I have a bit of a gripe about the omelets...my fiance and I made it a point to get here before breakfast service ended precisely because I wanted to hit the omelet bar. We got in with about 30 minutes of breakfast service left, and when I got to the omelet station they were already breaking it down and getting ready for lunch. There was only the standard "huge platter filled with scrambled eggs sitting over a sterno can." I was annoyed...I complained "I didn't pay all that money to eat pre-made eggs sitting under a heat lamp!" Now, I'll give the guy credit...he said "I'll make you whatever you want" and so I still got my omelet! That was the right thing to do and I appreciated it. But it seems like I shouldn't have had to complain...most people wouldn't have said anything and would have just walked away disappointed. They should find a way to keep the station open right up until the end of the breakfast service.

Besides that, nothing but good things to say. I had a fantastic mimosa and made myself some sliders on rolls with the meats from the carving station, which were amazingly tender. The crab legs were the sweetest I've ever had...I think the snow crab was a little better than the king crab.

Great pastries. We had a sampling of them for dessert.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio is great, we when there the first day in Las Vegas right from the plane and were not disappointed. Everything tasted fresh and they had a very large selection of dished. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely going to stop by again.笑
They raised the price. Again.
Two years ago it was $34, now $39.
For this extra money the drinks are now self-serve.
Along with raising the price they have cut way back on the quality and choices of food.
They used to have king crab legs. Now regular crab legs.
In the last couple of months they have discontinued kobe beef, steak tartar, smoked cheese, mahi mahi, sea bass, beef stroganoff, even the mixed greens on the salad bar.
They used to make a delicious noodle dish with chicken and dried tomatoes in a cream sauce with bleu cheese sprinkles. It's still there; minus the bleu cheese.
The coffee was some of the best found anywhere. It's changed,. The coffee is ok but just ok. Nothing special anymore.
My wife and I have eaten Bellagio buffet twice a month (or more) for the last few years.
It used to be a special treat.
We will not eat there again.笑
The food here is very average with funky tasting desserts. My husband is a platinum players card holder so we breezed through the, what seemed like a crazy, 2 hour wait line that ends up in the casino area. 
The waiter came around often but never had a smile on his face.  The carving station attendant was rude and obnoxious. 
Honestly, the only thing I really enjoyed was the coffee!  Can someone please tell me if it's a special Bellagio blend or can I get this from Jean Philippe? Never tried their coffee before.笑
My favorite buffet in Vegas and I've tried A LOT of the buffets in Vegas.  The quality of food is impressive and the variety is great. My favorite is the prime rib and crab legs of course.  I also love the Creme Brulee.笑
Last time I dinned here was a few years ago and the quality is really good, so this time I decided to give it another try. 
Came for a Thu dinner at 7pm, the wait was not bad about 15 minutes. The quality of the food is just not the same. I am kind of disappointed by the selection. 
I will only come back to eat if the wait is shorter than 30 minutes, anything longer than that is not worth it.笑
prime rib, sea bass, cocktail shrimp, and key lime pie mmmmm...笑
We were very hungry after a long hike that we needed a buffet to fill our tummies.  I was very disappointed that the food didn't taste that great even for our empty stomachs!  Everyone raved about the king crab legs, but I like them defrosted, not icy!
shrimp, also icy, and cocktail sauce (very bland, it was closer to ketchup than cocktail sauce I had to spike it with more horseradish and lemon juice) were very disappointing. Chilean sea bass was good but not the teriyaki sauce they put on top. 
Some of the dishes were okay but most were bland.  This place got one more star than it deserved because of the service.  They were charging $45 for this? (Easter weekend deal).笑
We went here for Sunday brunch. It's a buffet, so don't expect the food to be the best you've ever had. Still, it's one of the best buffets I have been to since the items they served are such high quality. The wait was long, but we went there at 11am and only waited about 45 minutes. Do yourself a favor and don't get the champagne with your brunch. It's disgusting.笑
The wife and I decided to swing buy and check out their famous buffet. We were seated right away and were prepared to take a look around. The waitress came over and one could tell was carrying way to many drinks, spilled a glass of water which broke upon impact and hit my wife's legs. The manager just offered to move us. They did apologize but didn't bother to see if she was cut or bruised. It's not fun eating with a wet shoe people. 

The food there is pretty good but the selection seemed small but we were told it was a holiday thing due to the fight and cinco de mayo days. 

The crab was good and the herb crusted beer was very good too. The other food selections tended to be rather standard and nothing there that jumps out and catches your eye. They had two omelet stations which maybe you only needed one. 

All in all it was good food but I've eaten at other places where the prices were similar and the experience was much better.笑
I waited about 1.5 hours on a Saturday evening and paid $40 (including tax). The food was definitely not worth the price or the wait. Given the Saturday dinner time and price, this was supposed to be Bellagio's top of the line buffet. There was a really big selection of food. However, the taste was truly subpar. Crab legs were really salty that evening. And actually, everything was incredibly salty. It was like Bellagio's approach was to oversalt everything and overpower all flavors. There was also some truly terrible Thai food that would not even be worthy of any regular restaurant, much less a world class buffet. If the buffet were $20, it might merit three starts, but for $40, it's really bad.笑
Over the years I've been to many Las Vegas buffets and I would say my all time favorite is the one at the Bellagio.  With a well rounded selection of foods, I find the Buffet at the Bellagio the best restaurant to hit up when I'm absolutely starving and want to take down copious amounts of delicious food.  Prices are a bit high, but the food is worth it.  And after a long day or night of having fun, a smorgasbord of food is just what one needs.笑
Went to brunch buffet on Saturday for $23.95. How can you go wrong? Most amazing food ever. Had to wait in line for 45mins-1hr, but it was totally worth it. Very few of the other buffets offer brunch... only other option was Wynn at $32. Bellagio was totally worth it, and I would go again.笑
holy. shit.

after a weekend of drinking and general debauchery in vegas with friends, we decided that we had to see what the fuck the hype was about with this buffet.  it is worth every moment you spend standing in line and every penny. we went for late breakfast, and caught some of the lunch as it was getting set up (hell yeah we stayed for two meals, dont judge us!) the options are amazing, tons of veggie creations, sushi, soup and some of the best bbq salmon i've ever had. none of that shitty greasy, hate yourself in the morning (well maybe a little of that) factor you find at most buffets. you absolutely have to get down with your inner fat kid here when you're in town. you have failed at vegas if you don't.笑
Love it, a must go.  Worth the price and worth the wait.  I went here after a horrible experience at the Aria Buffet.  Great variety.  I was even able to eat Ostrich meat!! Yum.  Definitely recommend this place.笑
This was pretty good, I waited in line for 60 min and it was worth the wait!

The deserts were my favorite part, they had a lot of variety and it was difficult not to try everything the only disappointment was the service, they were slow on drink refills and clearing the table. 
I think the waiter wasn't happy that we didn't order any alcoholic beverages, when he asked me if I wanted any other drink? I told him I was happy with just water he never came back to the table again笑
Having tried several buffets around Vegas, so far,  this is by far the worst. The food was tasteless, the breads were as tough as shoe leather, the salad section was limited and so boring.  I tried different items, the beef, the sushi, the eggs, the seafood, etc.  Come on, the Bellagio is supposedly one of the classiest hotels in Vegas.  It is a shame that the quality of the food is so lackluster.  I will not be eating there ever again and I don't recommend anyone else should either.  So very disappointed, and the cost was another issue.  It wasn't worth the $20, more like $4.99 and that's stretching it.笑
Not what I expected on the food! Not that is was bad by I guess I expected everything to be super flavorful and most items were simple mediocre. The selection was about the only thing that was pleasantly expected. Service was not up to par, went long stretches before even seeing out waitress. Not somewhere I'd visit again.笑
My dad took me to this buffet the day after my baby shower. I was 7 months pregnant. Couldnt wait to try it since he was raving about it. There was a super long wait but he said it was worth it. The wait was about 50 mins. While waiting people who worked the lines offered me drinks or a chair which was very sweet. Great service. The price wasnt too bad. For a sunday lunch it was 25 dollars.

Once inside our waitress got us our drinks fast, yet had no personality. Whatever. I was there for the food, not her. 

all i can say is WOW! The food was delish. The best buffet ive ever been to for sure! The prime rib was perfect. There was breakfast, lunch food and dinner food. what a dream come true. Everything im about to name was amazing and great, no complaints. Prime rib, Shrimp, salads, tacos, asparagus, waffles, lamb, gellato, pizza, fresh baked bread, tons of pastas etc etc.

I could go on forever. Lets just say after that i gained another 10 pounds. I live in vegas and have been to tons of buffets.. this was def the best!笑
Excelente opción , algo caro pues casi pagas 40 dólares por persona ,pero muy buena selección de comida y los postres deliciosos , las galletas de cacahuate de otro planeta.  Muy recomendable.笑
Oh how I love the food here everything is very good I come here every time I visit Vegas. I really enjoy the crab legs and mashed potatoes.笑
We showed up at 10am for breakfast, and around 10:45 they started gradually replacing the breakfast food with lunch food!  So we got pretty much twice as much food to choose from... score!  I highly recommend doing this so you can experience double the food.

I really enjoyed the breakfast - a really great variety of food. Tons of fruit, and some more unusual offerings too, such as breakfast pizza and 'congee' (which is Chinese rice porridge).  For the congee, add some miso soup & dried pork 'floss' (what an unfortunate name) to it! -- delicious.笑
The buffet at the Bellagio certainly took a turn for the worse. All four of us in our party thought it was horrible and we have raved about this place for years. It certainly isn't worth half the price. The seating area smelled and most of the meats were cold with no flavoring or they were tough as shoe leather笑
Probably the best bang for your buck as far as buffets go on the strip.  We came here for the sunday brunch at 3pm, and they switched over to dinner menu at 4pm, woot woot for double selection.  Good quality food for a reasonable $25, +5 for unlimited champagne.  The selection is not quite as big as the Wynn, but for the price difference I'd say the Bellagio has the better deal.  
  To start out you have the choice of about 5 or 6 different cooked fish items, grilled swordfish, grilled bluenose, roasted bluenose, salmon, seared halibut, grilled chilean sea bass cooked 2 different ways.  The cooked fishes items combined with the Alaskan king crab legs, snow crab legs and dinner sushi options destroy the Wynn's seafood selection.  Of course there is prime rib, but what buffet doesn't have prime rib, come on, your crappy Reno buffet has it.  
  The desserts were really good too, i dunno what my friend Susy is talking about saying they're a mess, they all tasted as good as they looked.  Except those little faux Ice cream cones, those weren't good at all.
  All in all a solid buffet and you'll only need this one meal all day long! trust me.笑
We were so looking forward to eating here.  Once we waited 15-20 minutes in line (we made it just before the rush), we were greeted with a hand-written new price, much different than what I read on the website this morning -- $49.99 on hand-written price, vice $36.99 on the website.  It's hard to walk away after waiting in line. 

Management: 2 stars
Servers (Celia and Richard): 5 stars 
Food: 4 stars (most meat and desserts were awesome) 
Overall: 2 stars, because I don't like deceptive business practices 

Note: Upon leaving the buffet, we finally saw the digital price menu placed closer to the exit than to the entrance.笑
I go to Vegas frequently, and this is the only place that I must go to on every trip.  In my opinion it is the best buffet by far in Las Vegas.  I've never had a bad experience here.  Kobe beef, sliders, crab legs, excellent salad bar.  When I was there in October 2011 they were doing some construction, I'm excited to see what those changes will bring.  Hopefully I'll be able to find out soon!笑
Dissapointed. That's the only word I can use to describe it. For the high price you'd expect to be getting some of the best quality food, yet it seems like something you'd find at an offstrip buffet for 7.95. 

Service was horrible. Two waiters literally started yelling at each other from across the buffet fighting about a stupid tray. Its also nearly impossible to get drinks. Luckily a new girl came towards the end who was much more on top of it.

Food quality was horrible. I refuse to ever go back solely on that. Not the fact of people obnoxiously stuffing their face with endless crab who apparently have never been taught how to eat properly. I myself tried the crab to have an extremely salty and watery taste in mouth, which is due to it being sat out for waaaay too long. All the other food we had, had maybe one or two bites taken out, then was set to the side to go and try to save our taste buds with something else. 

Bottom line, I will be taking my money some where else like the Wynn with a lower price and way better quality everything.笑
Careful, this might be the Lotus Casino...if you come here you might as well stay all day.  There is something for everyone and lots of it.  Very attentive staff.  However, if there was a line, I wouldn't wait - but I can't think of a restaurant that I would wait in line for!笑
Best dinner buffet! raw tuna with sesame oil is the best! If you're planning to eat dinner here, check in 15 mins before 4pm, so you'll pay lunch fee.笑
I hadn't been to the Bellagio buffet in years, mainly bc 1) it's damn expensive (over $30) and 2) buffets make me feel disgusting.  As a general rule, I stay away from all-you-can-eat, but I made an exception bc my friend's company was expensing the dinner.  I'd really rather spend the money on a really good single entree.  As expected, there was a lot to choose from, although nothing really excited me.  I did learn that you can have them heat up your crab legs if you don't want them cold!  They had a variety of fish, some veggies, salads, some sushi, meats, etc. and a lot of desserts to choose from.  Stay away from the flan - it's gross.  The creme brulee was very good, as was the key lime tart.  The chocolate mousse had the consistency of water, though it tasted fine.  Surprisingly, what I liked the best was their bread, which is homemade.  They had my favorite - pretzel bread - and yummy mini baguettes, both of which I stuffed in my bag for later.  Oh, yes I did.  Go early (before 6 p.m.) bc when we got out an hour and a half later, there was a huge line.笑
The food was okay, but not spectacular. They charge a set price for kids and adults both, so we had to pay $50 a pop for our 4 year old, 6 year old, and 8 year old. They stopped making sushi around 8, which sucked. Our server was also extremely rude and impatient, which made our subpar dinner tense and uncomfortable. All in all, wouldn't come back, but food was okay.笑
Disappointing. The only good thing is that we did not have to wait too long for a table. The food was very plain and basic. Honestly nothing stood out and they did not refill or clean the station as often as they should so a few food stations had scraps and were dirty. Servers were nice but also basic. 


Another really bad feature is that the bathrooms (male) only had one stall so there was a line!! At a buffet doing that to customers is almost a crime. Definitely not the buffet to do in Vegas.笑
Ok so on a whim, my girlfriend and I ended up in vegas for the day a few weeks ago. After gambling a little we decided to hit up a highly rated vegas buffett. It was a saturday so we expected a line and a weekend price. When we got there we saw a sign that said on the weekends regular buffet $27.95 or the gourmet $36.95. I didn't know what the difference was. After we snaked through the ridiculous line we told the lady at the counter 2 and we ended up paying the gourmet price. We get inside and there are a ton of empty tables. -1/2 star. Don't make me wait if there are tables.  
After getting some food, my girlfriend and I start question what the difference between the regular and the buffet. I asked the hostess what was the deal. She told me people had been asking that a lot lately and told me that weekends were only the gourmet buffet now. I told her what I read on the sign while waiting in line. She said that is not what it said. Why the hell would a lot of people be confused if the sign was right? -1 star. I am not stupid don't treat me like I am. 

The food: It was decent buffet food. I loaded up on the tuna poke and some other yummy stuff. Almost all the cooked fish was way overdone. -1/2 star. 
Overall , I am glad we did it but I wouldn't do it again.笑
Good stuff. You can't beat the quality of food they have here. Tons of food in a beautiful atmosphere. Gotta come and try at least once. And $12.99 all you can drink champagne (but today is Sunday so I don't know if it's exclusively for today only). 2 thumbs up!笑
I tried the Bachanal buffet the day before during their early birds hours ( before 10 am ) and left at noon. So for the Bellagio, I did the same to have a good comparaison. So this is a review of weekend brunch before 11 am. I don t like the room of the buffet as it looks more of a cafeteria than a upscale buffet. I felt like I was in a food court. The light and the adjonction of the table does not give me a upscale or expensive feel to it. 
For the food, hands down I regretted not eating again at Bachanal. Everything tasted average to me. I did not go back for second on anything I tasted. Yes they have the crab legs though. The egg benedicts were not very appealing. The ham was really good as well as the home
Made sausages. They did not have any fresh juice compared to Bachanal. I did not find any originality in their food to be honest... I would have liked something different. This buffet is not for me.笑
Had I known there were better buffets in Vegas, I would have eaten at one, but of the the three we tried, this was by far the best.  We even had pretty good service! It is probably only worth the money for the weekend brunch when you get the unlimited champagne.  There is enough food to be here easily a couple hours, so that's a lot of mimosas you can down.  The food is great for a buffet, we stuffed ourselves silly....two days in a row.  That's right, we walked from the south end of the strip two days in a row to eat the brunch buffet.  Saturday's line was short (10 minutes or less), but Sunday, we waited the better part of an hour.  The prime rib is the only thing I can say I was disappointed in, I like mine rare-med rare, and this definitely wasn't. Oh well, like I said, we got our money worth in mimosas alone. Just be sure to drink plenty of water before going out to walk the Strip in the heat!笑
"Look at the camera"
"Look at the camera"

This is all I heard as my friends videotaped me gorging myself on the crab legs.

Come here about a half hour before dinner if you want to get in for the lunch price.  3:30 rolled around and it was on.  

I went to town on 2lbs of crab legs.  They were cold and salty, but rinse them off in melted butter and you're good.  I also loved the corn on the cob.  The asparagus were crispy, which you don't usually find at buffets.  The ribs and the shrimp went well together.  The mashed potatoes were the best buffet mashed potatoes I've ever had.  

I wouldn't waste time on the fried rice.  It was not the same quality as the rest of the food.  

The only downside of the meal was that I didn't plan enough room for dessert, but it looked just as good as the dinner.笑
For my bday dinner we went to the Buffet at Bellagio.  I wish we would have gone back to the Wynn.  It wasnt horrible, it was pretty good, but it could not compare to the Buffet at the Wynn.  It was also more expensive and a longer wait then the Wynn.   Just a little disappointing.  Please take my word for it and go to the Wynn instead, you wont regret it.笑
LOOOOOVE it. I've been here twice now and this time we did NOT have to wait over two hours!! We must have got there right at the right time though because when we left, the line was loooooong. 
Everything was freakin' GOOD. My favorite of course were the King Crab legs! They are split open for you and just waaaaaaaaiting to be devoured! Tip: Take your cold crab legs to the taco station and ask them to steam them for you! And don't forget to TIP!!! 
NOM NOM NOM!笑
Tried the weekday dinner buffet. Had an hour long wait. But not at all worth that wait. The buffet is priced $33 (w/taxes) and the sushi was definitely amazing. But rest of the stuff was just ok. Not a big deal to talk about. I guess I expected much more from Bellagio (esp after reading the reviews here!)笑
With words of mouth , I expected the food  are great. The line was long, so I thought that I was choosing great place to eat. Unfortunately, that was not the story. From crab legs, smoked salmon and some mussels they are very SALTY. The kind of saltiness when you soaked the food in salt overnight. So seafood lovers.. BEWARE of disappointment. Dining room were not that clean. Service could be better,  I was lucky that my server were attentive to my table.
So that one star goes for him .
For weekend Dinner $40/person, this buffet is NOT worth trying for.
Meh......笑
It wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be (waited over an hour), but definitely got me really full! :) But I think it's because we went for lunch instead of dinner. We got lunch at $19.95.

FOOD: I liked their sushi bar only because the had some really good seaweed salad. I mean AYCE and the mixture was perfect between the sauce and the seaweed itself, and it was refreshing with the roast turkey that was being served. The sushi themselves were a bit too sour for my liking, too much vinegar with the rice, and the rice was too soggy. I also really liked the roast beef/turkey area where the chefs cut you slices of the meat, they were tender with a lot of juice and flavor- loved it with gravy! They had a whole chunk of area for the cocktail shrimp, the shrimps were crunchy and fresh to my taste, but their cocktail sauce was a little weird for me. There was a very powerful ginger flavor to it that I didn't like about. Bleh! But they had a redeeming potato section where they had about three types of baked/mashed potatoes. They were definitely good, the skin was lightly salted so it gave it great contrast to the natural potato flavor. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=r5mN0kL69yd5vkRNlQ9UWw Now they also have these really cute hamburger selections (turkey & beef), I opted for the beef cheeseburger and was plenty pleased that it was delicious with what seems to be medium done patties (little bit red in the center). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=AHt4iAMft6EK2y5QBhmsQQ

They had a large selection of desserts, but I'm more of a fruits (they had very fresh fruits!) person because of the lemon tarts, strawberry tarts, and Tiramisu, chocolate cakes, brownies, etc. I only liked the strawberry tarts that they provided. The crust and large strawberry on top was perfect. Sweet and tart on top with a bready bottom~ MMM! Never liked that coffee-ish flavor so the tiramisu wasn't for me, but the center was very soft and fluffy. The lemon tart was a little strange, not much lemon- just straight sourness. The flavor was unbalanced and weird. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=kxoQxnhqhHUi_pTEBC4pig

SERVICE: Not much to say since our waiter was only here to get us drinks (once) and get our plates when we weren't at the table. But he was friendly and very open to giving suggestions on what's good.

Lunch here at the Bellagio isn't what I expected, I can't wait to come back and try their dinner as it seems and sounds remarkable! :)笑
Absolutely divine!!!! Wow, there are no words to desrcibe the monstrosity that is this buffet. Tons and tons of every kind of food imaginable. Don't eat for like a week before you come!! I was highly impressed with the selection and the freshness of the food.笑
Poor customer service! Was just going to ask if guest staying at the hotel or (basic) membership holder can use the fast lane. You won't believe what the staff at the entrance said. After telling us No, he actually point at the sign there with a attitude that meaning "can't you read". Why would I ask you if the sign is clear enough?! I feel so offended and just walk away and went to Cesar instead. My check in experience with front desk is unpleasant as well. He didn't even border to take the time to greet you or make you feel welcomed. High end hotel with terrible customer service. First and last time.笑
Really good buffet. My husband and I went at the beginning of dinner. Fortunately we got there before the huge crowd. They separate the line for general guests and mlife members. We had a voucher for buy one get one free so we just showed the cashier our mlife card  and paid for the adult buffet and waited to be seated. The buffet is really spacious. They have all kinds of different food: seafood, sushi station, pasta, carving station, HUGE dessert selection, etc.

Food
The buffet is very spacious, so much so I had a hard time locating the salad station. There are some dishes that were hit or miss. Some pastas sauces were too soupy, and the meat was too underdone for my liking. The hubz enjoyed the sushi station. He said it was very good. I had to stop him so he could eat other food! My favorite part of the buffet was the dessert. The spread they have is amazing. So many cakes, puddings, ice cream, etc! I ate as much as I could! 

Drinks
They have beverage stations all around so you can get as many refills as you like. They also have a bar in the center of the buffet. 

Staff
They are kinda snooty. The cashier acted like a royal *beep* when we said we had a voucher. Like excuse me? Don't treat paying customers (whether or not they got a discount) that way. Our bus boy he was really nice though. He took all our plates when he could since the place was really filling up. 

I would definitely come back when visiting Vegas. What better way to digest food than watching the famous Bellagio fountains haha!笑
Will recommended.

The options is a lot. Even we went there at the brunch time. There are tons of options for cakes. The line is not long at all when you go there at afternoon around 2-3pm. 
Also, their orange juice is freshly squeezed which taste much better than others. 
I like the smoky salmon. 

Cons, only a little bit asian fusion food, might be because of the brunch time.笑
One of the best buffets in Vegas.  Line was huge, but with a VIP card - went straight to the front.  Mountains of unlimited crab legs.  The sushi was ok - but the prime rib, endless shrimp, and the beef tartare (raw ground beef) was awesome.  Venison, lamb, veal - I injured my jaw chewing all the meat, so I would suggest this buffet at the end of your culinary adventure.笑
The 4 is really for dessert. lol 

Maybe I've been to Vegas way too much, but all buffets seem the same to me in Vegas. Why I come here? Crab Legs & Dessert. 

My tip: show up towards end of lunch hour, pay lunch price and enjoy both lunch and dinner! :) 

Overall good variety of food. I'm sure I'll be back.笑
We went there for Sunday brunch for a little extra you can get unlimited champagne ($57 for both of us). We were there right when they just open so we didn't have to wait in line at all. Very large selections I love the desserts sections everything was good.笑
Came here for the Saturday Brunch yesterday with my cousins. Man I don't know if this place is going downhill or the brunch just sucks. Prime rib was dry and not tender at all. Very limited selection. The only thing that was good was my omlette and I can make that at home.... pshhh
Next time I'll go back to the good ol Wynn Buffet or try that new Cosmopolitan buffet.笑
This place gave me stretch marks.

Need I say more?笑
Imagine... you are on a diet for about 2 weeks and you've lost a significant amount of weight.

Now, you're on vacation with your girlfriends and you don't wanna be a party pooper  or the stupid downer on a diet so you decide to have a HUGE cheat meal and enjoy really good food with good company, possibly undoing 2 weeks' worth of starvation. 

After much deliberation, you decide on a buffet, wait two hours in line and pay $40 upon entering the restaurant to have what you think will be one of the tastiest meals of your life (considering you haven't eaten any real food for the past 13 days).

--------------------------------------------------------
I was UTTERLY DISAPPOINTED in their food selections... or lack thereof.  
I kept walking around the buffet with my plate hoping that more variety of food would magically appear.
I wanted sushi so I stood in line in the "rolls" section to no avail. 
...just some sad looking California rolls that consisted of like 90% rice.

SADNESS

Other than the king crab legs, the best thing there was either the scrambled eggs or pesto mashed potatoes.

To come out of a buffet and say that their scrambled eggs were one of the best items they offered... is just really really sad.笑
Gluten free options available!!! I asked the waitress, who asked the manager who referred me to the assistant head chef who gave me a full, comprehensive tour of the whole buffet. Not an easy feat!! Such a lovely gentleman who spoke very good English too. On request, they made me fresh eggs Benedict without the English muffin, GF French toast on a specifically cleaned surface and new utensils and I was told GF pizza was available on request. There were several gf dessert options- some were marked (gf chocolate cake) and others like flan and flourless chocolate dome I was advised. Of course you have to watch the cross contamination of serving utensils but that's common sense, I'd hope. Overall this was a great experience for the price and attention to allergy sensitivities. I'll definitely come back!笑
Real good for a buffet. What can I say it's the Bellagio, it better be good. For being a local for many years I would recommend the Carnival Buffet at the Rio, I think it's pretty much the best everything... Price and variety.笑
Following up a Vegas club review @ Bellagio that I've been to twice and don't remember the first visit... a Vegas BUFFET that I've been to twice and don't remember the first time. Came here two weeks ago (April 2013) and once back in 2010. The first time... the server gave me some vodka laced drink that my friend John O. thought was spiked and 20 mins later I was pretty much out of it / didn't even eat.

=========
LOCATION
=========

It's in the Bellagio. Pretty big dining room, the actual buffet stations seem smaller than others (RIO / WYNN). However it's done pretty nice / elegantly. Main problem was in the mens bathroom there was ONLY one toilet. Really? At a buffet?? TIP: go to the bathroom JUST OUTSIDE the entrance... it's huge, 8 toilets cause, well... if you eat like me.....


==============
YAY, THE FOODS
==============

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=h0ab-sdiexycfQL4AnHptg&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA

~ FLANK STEAK - This was the best thing here. Juicy, tender, flavorful deliciousness. (5/5)

~ BACON - It's awesome bacon, 'nuff said. (5/5)

~ BEEF RAVIOLI w/MUSHROOM CREAM SAUCE - Absolutely delicious. The sauce, the ravioli... tasted strikingly similar to Stroganoff. (5/5)

~ CHICKEN & SUNDRIED TOMATOES w/BASIL VINAIGRETTE -  It was heavenly. A nice medley of flavors. (5/5)

~ TURKEY SLIDERS - More of a 4.5 but still really good. Make sure you add the lettuce, onions and condiments, but yeah the slice of turkey breast is delicious. (5/5)


~ BEEF SLIDERS - They were pretty good. Not BACHANNAL level like @ Ceasars but really good nontheless. (4/5)

~ SPARE RIBS - These were really good. Chef cuts them per request. (4/5)

~ SMOKED TROUT - Tasted pretty good. It was very similar to LOX. Salty tastiness. (4/5)

~ PESTO MASHED POTATOES - They were green pesto riddled mashed potatoes. Never hear / seen em before... ingenious idea. Tasty without butter or gravy. (4/5)

~ SPICY TUNA HANDROLL - It was really good. Surprisingly so. (4/5)

~ CA ROLL - Pretty solid. It's really a four but it's hard to rate ANY basic CA Roll that high. (3/5)

~ CALAMARI & TOMATO SHALLOTS - Looked appealing... looks can deceive. Wasn't that great. (2/5)

~ SHRIMP & PESTO PIZZA - This was horrible. Nothing and I mean NOTHING redeeming about it.

-----------------
DESSERTS
-----------------

~ CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES - They were okay. (3/5)

~ WHITE CHIP MACADAMIA NUT COOKIES - Subpar. (2/5)

~ FUDGE BROWNIE - Nothing special. (2/5)

~ CHEESECAKE - Below average. Not that sweet. (2/5)

~ NAPOLEON - It was horrible. Tasteless. (1/5)


===============
FINAL THOUGHTS
===============

So all in all it's a pretty good buffet. There were no crab legs for lunch... the desserts I sampled were terrible. However MOST of the food was above average and pretty good. Lunch selection was pretty small compared to BACHANNAL and WYNN buffets but it is what it is. A pretty good deal for $19.99.笑
Seriously, what is going on with all of the Vegas Buffets?  Almost all of them have gone downhill.  Needless to say, Bellagio's buffet is not is as good as it used to be.  At $60 per person, it doesn't even equate to a good value compared to eating at some of the finer dining establishments. But, the buffet here is still one of the better ones around in terms of quality and freshness.  As more and more buffets go over the top, Bellagio's seems to be a bit outdated.

just be wary of the fact that the prices can jump depending on the day and season.  Normally it should have been $30, but it was double that for dinner when we went.  There is still a good selection and the carving stations are always decent, with roasted chicken, turkey breast, or prime rib.

Decent place, but no longer someplace I would go out of my way to visit.笑
Taking into consideration the cost, I give it a two. I think the quality of the food has gone down since my last visit here and the price has gone up at least 25%. I didn't take any pictures because the place was crowded with patrons trying to put food on plates. Would I go back? Probably not, not saying it was bad, just not for me. Maybe I just outgrown it... Lol笑
average quality buffet. long waiting line. Well priced ($20 each for brunch) but not worth the waiting time.笑
Mussels, sea bass, sashimi are really good. Unfortunately, the dessert is really a disaster. I made a mistake by going during holiday season. The line was 3 hrs and we went for lunch then ended up in dinner. The price was high, 48+tax, overpriced.笑
I had been scouting out the yelp reviews of this buffet for a couple of months, waiting for the next time my friend came into town so we could try it.  We went on the weekend for dinner and payed $40each.

I must say that it was a huge disappointment.  I used to be a fan of the Rio seafood buffet, but it has gone way down in quality over the years so I was really looking forward to getting some King Crab legs at the Bellagio, even though it is chilled and not steamed.  

To my dismay, the crab was not good.  Both the King & Snow crab had no flavor and some of it actually smelled like it was bad.  But I am not basing my review on the dismal crab.

I had read many posts about how good the Kobe beef, and the Beef Wellington were, and numerous other items that were great, and they just weren't all that good.  

The "Kobe" beef tasted like dry roast beef.  The Beef Wellington was ok(never had it before), but it didn't knock my socks off.  The Lamb chops were a bit gamey, and I've had lots of Lamb.  One of the best things I've ever tasted was a  Lamb Chop on the Oregon Coast, and this wasnt' even close.

The sushi smelled foul and I only could muster up the courage to try the tuna, which was about what I would expect at a low dollar buffet. 

The only high point was the Prime Rib and the very large & tasty Peel & Eat shrimp.  The Prime Rib was very good & the au jus was also really good.  The Prime Rib isn't as good as Lowry's Prime Rib, but it is top notch for Buffet Prime Rib.  I've had many disappointments with buffet Prime Rib, and the Bellagio isn't one of them.  

There were also a couple of vegitable dishes & other sides that were good, but for the price, I expected way more.  The buffet at Green Valley Ranch is a third of the cost, and the quality of the food is much better.  Not as much selection of high end stuff, but when the crab, Kobe Beef, & Sushi all suck really bad, the point becomes moot.

I gave it two stars because between the peel & eat shrimp & the good Prime Rib, I think I got my $$ worth.笑
I like coming to this buffet at the tail-end of Sunday brunch, right when dinner options are about to come out.  Why?  Because I can still capitalize on the mimosas, get my eggs benedict and bacon, and STILL get my dinner options.  It's a win-win, really.  The overall dessert bar is better here than at the Wynn, but they don't have a gelato bar (fail).笑
I'm THAT girl. You know, the one that dreams about buffets. No, not DAYdreams about buffets like every other Asian girl. I mean dreams, in my sleep, about buffets. My good dreams consist of me actually getting to eat the food I picked out. The nightmares mean I dream about being stressed out because I don't know what else to put on my plate, it just gets filled up more and more until BOOM!! I wake up. Forreals.

I don't know if my taste has become more refined (doubtful) but I wasn't in love with the Vegas buffets this time around. I remember them as being so much better 2 years ago.. but they were mediocre. At least the Bellagio redeemed my Vegas buffet expectations I'd become used to fulfilling.

We waited in line for over half an hour for the dinner buffet on a Saturday night. It zig zagged up, down, and around until we finally got to the front. You've got to keep your eye on the prize here! Stay hydrated, keep good company, and make sure your phone's battery is charged for playing some time-wasting games.

So there were a few things that were just meh like the sushi and some of the chicken stuff. And I kind of expected more from the dessert spread. They looked pretty but I was expecting more.. bigger.. sparklier! With more chocolate! 

Now, the three things I could've filled my plate with, endless times over, were the short ribs, asparagus, and Yorkshire pudding. The short ribs were so creamy and succulent, the asparagus.. well I love asparagus. And who doesn't love Yorkshire pudding?! A savory pastry shell?! 

The inside of the Bellagio buffet is pretty refined, given it's a buffet. We saw plenty of families and groups of bachelor / bachelorette parties dining. One note to the girls: don't dress up to the buffet. It is Bellagio, yes, but it's still a buffet, not a fancy restaurant. Besides, how can you expand your tummy if you're wearing a non-expandable dress?! I saw some girls that looked like they were going out for the night and it looked silly, out of place.

Mmmm just thinking about that buffet makes me believe wasting all that money on those crap buffets was worth it. Worth the hefty price tag (do you know what $30 something could get you in NY?! A pizza and bottle of water), worth the 30 minute wait, and worth walking all the way down the strip from the Palazzo (it's far, seriously!) and back. WORTH IT.笑
Because there are abagillion reviews I am going to quickly summarize each section of the buffet I got to experience on a Friday night 2 hours before closing time. 

Service: attentive and friendly
Meats: high quality meats with generous cuts everything from the lamb to prime rib was delicious
Salad bar: disappointing, not really a great or exciting selection
Soups: nothing special either
Pasta: even though there were only 4 different pasta dishes, they were surprisingly fantastic, I loved the ravioli here. 
Sushi: disappointing as well, there were only a few rolls and none of them were something you couldn't get at a grocery store. The taste was there though for what they had.
Asian: the red curry chicken was bland, the peanut noodles were good but dry and the dumplings fell apart before my first bite. I did however really enjoy the pork BBQ steamed buns they had, they were dim sum worthy! 
Southern: the BBQ ribs were a little dry as well and the mac and cheese was horrible!
Dessert: Even though there wasn't a large selection, everything I had tasted amazing. 

Worth the $40 a person? Considering it's Vegas and you get to eat until your pants want to explode, I would say so!笑
Compared to other buffets like The Wicked Spoon (at the Cosmopolitan), this one is disappointing. For the price that you pay, the food is not as fresh as they should be. The "cold" food is literally frozen and the hot food is not warm enough. There are better buffets on the strip.笑
First time here, food was good, more then enough. I'm so stuff with all the options they have.

I only came to the buffet for a birthday party, but it was well worth it. I'm so full and the food was great. Next time I'm here in Vegas this will be the buffet for me.

Line wasn't long, food was hot, service was perfect, nice clean restaurant,  thank you.笑
I am not a big fan of buffets, I am all about quality over quantity, I would rather have an amazing tiny piece of steak than all you can eat.

I have to admit, I did enjoy the Bellagio Breakfast Buffet. We came for a late breakfast/brunch (around 10:45), so we got to try the breakfast & lunch foods! They had pretty much every breakfast food you could think of & you could get omelets made for you. The fruit was extremely fresh & they even had watermelon aqua fresca. I loved the desserts that they started putting out around noon, they had carrot cake, lemon meringue, brownies, chocolate cake, éclairs & many other delicious looking desserts. I definitely had to resist the temptation of eating way too many desserts.

The service was ok, not that great, but I guess the service is not a huge deal, when you go to a buffet. It will cost you around $17/person for breakfast, but definitely the best buffet I have ever been to!笑
i was there for dinner. showed my mlife card and was able to bypass the long line of tourists. once inside i was able to feel, smell and hear the wierd ambiance of this buffet place. the aire smells terrible, like some awful medical waste pile. the lighting is dim and bluish, and the music is mid 1990s. but, the food is to die for. i sampled everything here and was highly satisfied. the sushi bar is excellent. i had the best salmon, tuna and poke ever. the beef wellington was over the top. the pork was dope. lets not forget the desert was waay over the top. they had creme brule. burnt on top of course.笑
soooooo gooood! At $32, it's a steal! I paid $30 for the garbage buffet at the Rio. For 2 dollars more, I had the best buffet experience ever! yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm笑
The dinner buffet is one of the best on the Strip.  It has everything you would want to eat - Beef, pork, chicken, lamb, king crab, large shrimp, lobster, desserts, etc.  

It is, however, pretty pricey, and there is (I know, hard to believe) a limit in how much food can be physically stuffed into the confines of the human stomach.  So, if the company is footing the bill, or if you're looking to splurge, this is the place to go for dinner.笑
My favorite Buffet in Vegas hands down! 

I guess I should have written this a while ago. However, the Buffet came to mind when recommending it to others recently. 

On our trip to Las Vegas this past Spring, we stopped in at the Bellagio Buffet as it was close by to the theatre where we had tickets to see "O". I was very ill, and did not feel much like eating. But, I needed something in my stomach to offset the Day-Quil, etc. When we were seated, the waiter took pity on me and aimed me toward the soup station. What was originally going to be a chicken noodle soup experience turned out to be every kind of soup to choose from that I could possibly imagine. 

I had a sampling of six hearty and flavorful soups, and that drummed up my appetite for a round of sushi, and a stop for gelato with a small dessert. 

They have everything on the buffet that can be imagined. Most people head straight for the prime rib, but there is a whole section of fish dishes, salads, sushi, and really beautiful desserts. I wish I had been in better form during my visit so I could have fully enjoyed more selections, but what I did have was perfect. 

The staff was super friendly and made me feel a little better if just for a while.笑
I am giving this buffet 3 stars because of the price that this buffet has. The food was just "alright" for me. I went on a Friday night (Lobster night!), and the dinner was $50! It definitely was not worth it. I mean, they had a great variety of gourmet items, but I still was not impressed by it. I would rather shelf out $50 at the Rio's Seafood buffet than this. Highly overrated place. 

Maybe breakfast will change my mind about it. Who can go wrong with pancakes, waffles, eggs, and sausages?

*Updated on 3/24/08: I actually ate here for breakfast for the first time. I actually liked it better than the Paris buffet for their french toast, but they didn't have the crepes! =/ They also didn't have sausages, so I was even more disappointed! We actually came at the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch, so that's probably why! I will give it another try! Maybe for my next attempt, I will be more gracious with the stars!笑
Let me preface this review by saying that I have been coming to Vegas well before the Bellagio was built and have experienced many buffets over the years.  I will also say that this review was  on 12/23/16 for dinner.  That said, the Bellagio buffet dinner was always a good bet in years past.  However, I was completely and totally shocked at the lack of quality and poor planning this time.  The crab legs, which are usually the main attraction, seemed to not be fresh.  The legs, which are usually King Crab, were small and looked like snow crab to me.  They only had one crab station and you literally had to wait about 10-15 mins before your turn.  The rest of the buffet was a mess and not cleaned during my experience.  It honestly looked like a Golden Corral to me.  Many of the items were not replaced quickly, resulting in a wait for the chefs to replace the food.  The ice cream machine was empty and no effort was made to correct this issue.  Unfortunately, for the price, I was completely disappointed as I have always had good experiences for dinner.  As a side note, I had the Bellagio breakfast buffet twice, and it is still a good experience, just will not be back for dinner again.  A shame as this place was known as the best dinner buffet in Vegas for many years.笑
Truly dizzying array of choices from around the world await you here.  and if you're the typical American who opts for quantity over quality, then this buffet won't disappoint.   i admittedly did somewhat enjoy wolfing down ghastly amount of food at this buffet, but i also had dishes on my plate left uneaten - and that's bad.  

i had a completely different experience at Paris' Le Village Buffet.  there, i actually savored every dish that was on my plate; the food was soooooo good that i wiped my plate clean.  in my opinion, Le Village has more culinary masterpieces than Bellagio's buffet.笑
If you like over priced dining experience, you found the right place.

Price: Over priced for what you get. If you have kids 4 and up, they'll get charged full adult rate. 

Selection: The food was just OK. Seriously nothing special. Standard meat, seafood and salad... I would have paid $10 at most for what I got. Oh and if you want some assortment 0f dessert, keep walking. This place doesn't come close to Wicked Spoon. Save yourself some money and avoid this place. 

Service: Slow as do just matter of fact. 

Conclusion: I would never come here again.笑
The Buffet at Bellagio has been a mainstay of my staycations and previous Vegas vacations before I moved here. It has never let me down.
   It is an example of, "you get what you pay for.' Not of being ripped off. I rate the ambiance and quality of food highly.
  The live meat station has featured top tasting ribs and steak on my dinner visits. On brunch visits, I have enjoyed a bagel with lox and cream cheese. And I have had zero complaints over any of the food here.
   Timing is everything when it comes to paying. One minute there will be no line and a few minutes later there will be a line backed up to the casino.笑
I don't think there is a better buffet out there. Great place for breakfast and than don't worry about eating again. I like to catch alittle of the African fish over by the Asian food and fish up with a excellent Eggs Benedict. Wash it all down with some of the best Iced Tea I have ever tasted.笑
We went there on a Tuesday last week.  There wasn't a long wait at 8am, so that was good.  However, around 9, everybody woke up and it got pretty crowded.  They had the usual omelette station (friendly chef, by the way).  The usual sweet station (pancakes, waffles, etc.) with a pretty thick slice of french toast.  The french toast was awesome!  They also had a few different slices of pizza that go well with a breakfast theme.  I usually shy away from pizza at a buffet, but I'm glad I had these thin-crust yummies.  Now, the one part that didn't really fit in for me was the chinese food station.  I can eat cold pizza or fried chicken for breakfast, but chinese food at 8am doesn't really do it for me.  If you can eat it that early, more power to you!  

In regards to the service, it was really great!  Very attentive and checked in the right amount of times.  The buffet was very clean and organized.

The price was $15 per person for breakfast and if they had a little bit more of a breakfast selection, it would well be worth it.  However, at this time, I would rank the Le Village buffet at Paris a few notches higher than Bellagio.笑
On the third visit to the buffet at The Bellagio I remember the first time was when I got married there 13 years ago we had a nice brunch
The second time that we were there I was with a big group of friends from Los Angeles and it was a typical buffet

But on the very last visit to this buffet with my husband I was unfortunately served a very bad piece of beef Wellington. 

When I got back to the table and ate it I didn't realize that it was bad until I felt a weird sound in my stomach and I said something to my husband and all of a sudden I could not control myself and I actually vomited at the table I didn't even have time to excuse myself it just came up. 

The people around me were aghast
I've never seen someone vomit in a restaurant on the table but it was pretty dramatic
My husband grabbed the plate and said you I believe it's that
The waitress Busser and manager came to the table asking if I was OK
I told the manager to smell the beef Wellington and he refused
It made me extremely angry that the manager refused to smell would had obviously made me sick

It had a rotten smell. 
I was absolutely shocked I grabbed my purse I was so humiliated and embarrassed that I walked out my husband stood there talking to the manager as I just left and went back to our room. 
I never ate or recommended the buffet at the Bellagio ever again
I am not a buffet type person but the Wynn was much better笑
I ate a plate of crab legs and then some watermelon, cantaloup,  and dessert. Not much appetite afterwards. Gobble up some smoked Gouda cheese and apple juice. I honestly think that, I had better buffet  food selection at other place than here. But still I love the dessert here.笑
I can definitely say that this is my favorite buffet in Vegas, actually, since I don't like buffets, it's pretty much my favorite in general. My friends and I went to Vegas last month and went to the Bellagio for dinner. There was a vast variety of foods. There were crab legs, prime rib, asian section, pasta section, etc. Most of which (I would say all, but I did not get to try everything) were really good. Since I have a sweet tooth, if I ever go to a buffet, I usually spend more time in the dessert section than anywhere else. They had so many choices in desserts! And let me tell you, the CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES, are effin' incredible. Their covered in like dark chocolate with mini rice balls sprinkled on top. I think they are the number one reason that I love Vegas. The service was awesome, our waiter kept refilling our drinks, each time we returned to the table it was cleared. 

Since I did not write a review last month about it because I honestly suck as a yelper, I lag on reviews and I'm just plain lazy. So now, my updated review will be here as well. That being said, we went to Vegas again, last weekend!  This time we went to the Wynn for dinner (totally NOT better than the Bellagio, people who have said it was is on crack). Being kinda disappointed by the Wynn, we went to the Bellagio for Sunday brunch. Again, Bellagio did not disappoint at all. There was so much food to choose from. They had this herb-crusted prime rib that was soooooo good. It was so tender and juicy. Omg. Their pancakes with so fluffy  it just melted in my mouth.  I made my own version of strawberries stuffed french toast by getting strawberries form the fruit section and placing them in between two slices of freshly made french toast, drizzle some syrup, and dusted some powder sugar. Heaven. Heaven. Heaven. or Hell. Whichever you prefer as the better destination to be. They had no chocolate covered strawberries for their brunch. Sucks. And service this time kinda sucked, our waitress would not refill our drinks unless she was flagged down, and even then she would forget some of ours, and we had to flag her again to remind her. And it would be kinda annoying because I would be too awkward and shy to ask again (since it would happen to be my drinks that she would forget, like my orange juice refills and tea). Our tables would not be cleared, in fact some other waiter helped us clear it a couple of times. But then our waitress was limping, so I felt kinda bad and let her slide,  and still tipped her pretty good, even though my friends are pretty correct that if you're paying that much you should expect service comparable to that.

Oh yeah, ice cream was chocolate and vanilla, soft serve. :( disappointing, but not enough to knock off a star.

Review was so long, but really I can go on and on about food.笑
This at one time WAS the best buffet in Las Vegas...that is when the Bellagio was owned by Steve Wynn. Now the hotel is owned by MGM Mirage and the buffet has slipped tremendously since its opening in 1998. You will not find the quality here that you do at Wynn, however its still a decent buffet. Go for breakfast...its still good in the morning and the orange juice is probably the best I ever tasted. Bellagio earns a 81/100笑
I went there for dinner around 6 on a Monday night.  The line wasn't as long as I expected and it moved quickly.  We were seated within 10 minutes.  Anyhow, the meal was a huge disappointment.  I was expecting great quality food after reading the reviews on yelp and trip advisor.  At first, I was a bit overwhelmed with the selection, but after walking around several times, and narrowing down what seemed appetizing, there wasn't much to choose from.  The salad bar was a joke, with few selections of veggies and mainly green leaves.  I got prime rib (cold and tough), kobe sirloin (tough and tasteless), pesto mashed potato (probably the only yummy side I could eat), something that looked like beef stew (tender and flavorful and but too cold!), creme brue le (gross....the inside was watering), rotisserie chicken (cold and bland), crab legs (I could only wish it was served steam instead cold).  Argh....bottom line, I wish there was a microwave to heat up my food!笑
I took pity on The Bellagio.  You see, I am the king of buffets around the country.  King R, the Inhaler.  I've closed more buffet lines than there are stars in the sky.  My photo is posted at most of the Chinese buffets around Chicago; they see me enter their restaurants, and they say, "WE CLOSED.  GO AWAY."  Because I can eat some buffet, and if it's an all you can eat buffet, well...count your day's profit goodbye.  See me, and you better get on the phone to your wholesaler for next day's delivery.

And The Bellagio opened the next day because I didn't eat every damn morsel of food they have.  I witnessed and gently sampled their scrumptious array of fabulous food.  Heavy on seafood (the Bellagio is known for a large Asian gambling clientele), two full display cases of beautiful desserts, and service that rivaled even some of the best restaurants I've eaten at (thank you Eljon!).

My only complaint, and thank you Paul A. who mentioned this, is that for a supposedly smoke-free restaurant, I smelled more nasty air blasting in from the casino than some of the other restaurants in casinos I visited.  For a place like the Bellagio, I was very surprised.  Alas, no star deductions for excess, errant carcinogens.  It's not the chef, waiter or food prep people's faults.

A piece of advice for those who complain about the long-ass line/wait queue: if you want to dine here, make sure you GO BEFORE 6pm.  I went just before 6pm on a weekday, and by 6:45, the line was insane.  But it's like that at most other buffets, so quit bitching.笑
Didn't know lunch prices raised because of Chinese New Year, the selection doesn't seem like it's celebrating it at all... Desserts looks better than tastes... Would rather spend the same amount at Wicked. The only highlight is that their crab legs are better than Caesars.笑
I visited during a Dinner Buffet at the Bellagio. Weeknight Monday.

The variety of foods and the quality was yummy here! I now know why my friends wanted to go to the Bellagio instead of the many other options that Vegas has. I felt the price was very reasonable for the type and quality of foods they had.

The service was quick and professional while being friendly. The layout was easy to learn and the foods/deserts they had selected for us that day was very thoughtful and well made.

The restaurant was clean and well kept which is difficult to do at a buffet! Thank you for the experience!笑
This is the best buffet I've been to in Las Vegas, hands down.  It's a little bit more expensive than some of the others that are nearby (perhaps by $4 or $5 if you're going for lunch), but it's well worth spending the extra few dollars.

I think the most important thing to mention about this buffet is their obvious emphasis on quality over quantity.  Sure, there aren't nearly as many options to choose from here as there are at the Carnival World Buffet or even at the Spice Market Buffet... but the care they put into preparing everything they serve is totally obvious.  There is not a single thing I ate here that I would not have ordered (and been fully satisfied with) as a stand-alone entree at a sit-down restaurant.

The meats at the carving station were nothing short of divine (they had the only moist, non-dried-out turkey I found on a carving station all week), the sliders were actually really good, my boyfriend loved the BBQ chicken and red onion pizza, the pasta dishes were great, and the desserts - OMG THE DESSERTS - were fan-freaking-tastic.  

Is that a soft-serve ice cream machine on the dessert bar?  No, no... it's actually got raspberry and peach sorbet inside.  

Those eclairs are definitely going to be mushy and previously frozen, right?... oh, no, no... they're moist, delicious, and full of chocolate cream.

Get it?  The desserts are awesome.

Why 4 stars instead of 5?  The waitress was efficient enough, but she was a little on the surly side (she was actually my least favorite server I had at any restaurant or buffet during my entire vacation).

If you visit a single buffet during your trip to Las Vegas, I'd highly recommend that you make it The Buffet at Bellagio.  You're not likely to be disappointed.笑
We went here 4 years ago and it was fantastic. went back recently it was very disappointed for the money. food was tasteless and the meat was dry.笑
For the price, absolutely not. Crabs are sliced in half but are so watered down that they lost their quality.   Service is always great in vegas. But the food just doesn't match up.笑
If you are in Vegas, you must go to the Bellagio Buffet, specifically go around 11:00 am. They server breakfast till 11:00 and they start serving lunch. So you can have breakfast and lunch. The food is delicious~~~
Will definitely go again once i'm in Vegas笑
I went here in August and it was the best buffet I had ever been at.  After eating at the Rio it was 100% improvement.  I had the best chicken I had ever had and an entire plate of amazing desserts.

I came back in December and it wasn't as good as I remember.  Still great, but I didn't adore it as well.  The desserts were, meh.  The breakfast was good and th bacon was perfect.

Still one of the best buffets on the strip.笑
Can someone please explain to me why there is a line of 25 people deep at the breakfast buffet and only one (slow ass) person there to seat people. It's not like it was super early in the morning (like 4 AM), it was 8 AM - AKA prime breakfast time. There should have been 2 or 3 employees seating people. The amount of time we waited to be seated was longer than the amount of time we spent eating our breakfast (which was totally not worth the $18 charge). Not to mention it was a huge challenge to get a waitress to bring us water, orange juice, or anything else we may have needed. This experience just reaffirmed why I hate buffets.笑
We ate at the lunch time buffet. Good variety. Cafeteria ambience. Polite and responsive staff. Clean. Fruit was quite fresh. Desserts were stale. Ice cream tasty. Decent selection for price. Long line waits during prime time. Omelet bar shuts down after breakfast and wasn't replaced with anything else for the lunch buffet.笑
Awesome food, great service.  Upscale buffet for a not so bad price.  The variety of foods is worth it!笑
I was actually looking forward to eating at this buffet because of all the good reviews it get on yelp. We went on Sunday night for dinner around 7pm. We stood in line close to 2 hours which was horrible. The price was ok, it was $33 per person. Once we were seated and got a chance to eat, i was disappointed with the food.  Maybe it was because i was comparing it to the Bachnal buffet at the Caesars palace which is  AMAZING!  I really was expecting more from the buffet. The desserts were ok and the food was just ok. Nothing great. If it wasn't for the long line MAYBE i would have given it 3 stars.笑
Das Essen

Kann man nix sagen. Für 40 Dollar echt eine enorme Auswahl an Speisen.
Sehr gutes Fleisch, welches in gewünschter Dicke tranchiert wird. Sehr leckere Lamm-Filets und auch das Koberind ist sehr gut.
Selbstgebackene Pizza. Und zwar auf italienische Art und nicht die Ami-Pizza. Ebenfalls sehr gut.
Ebenfalls gut ausgestattet war die Sushi-Bar und die Meeresfrüchte-Abteilung. Von den Beilagen a la Mac-n-Chees etc. War ich jetzt nicht sehr begeistert.
Auch die Nachspeisen gehen absolut in Ordnung. Von verschiedenen Gebacken über Früchte und Eis war alles verfügbar.

Service

Jeder Bereich hatte seinen über eifrigen oder unaufmerksamen Kellner für Getränke. Das geht auf jedenfalls besser oder dezenter. Dreckiges Geschirr würde zügig abgeräumt.

Atmosphäre

Laut. Sehr laut. Hektisch und viel los. Die Tische waren nicht immer im besten Zustand und hier ist wohl der Unexquisite Teil des Bellagios. Stühle, Bänke und Tische wirken verlebt und auch die Hygiene an den Tischen lässt zu wünschen übrig.

Fazit

Viel gutes Essen für wenig Geld mit Abzügen in Service und Hygiene.笑
The crab legs are fresh and delish! I got a bad part of the prime rib at first so i wasn't as awesome as I hoped it to be. But when my boyfriend and I came back to get a better part, we loved it! Very juicy!!! 

The downer is the sushi and spring rolls. Not as good. Oh well.... The rest is awesome though.

I must say everytime I go to a buffet, the desserts are awful. Not this one. The Chocolate Vanilla Dome, Fruit Crepe and Tiramisu are delectable! I got 2 Chocolate Vanilla Domes even!!! My boyfriend and I stayed there for 2 hours until our tummies cannot hold it anymore.

Oh and did I say excellent service? They didn't have mango juice so the lady server suggested a combination of orange and raspberry. So good! I like a server who suggests things. Awesome! I will definitely go back when I'm in town!

Oh, and check out the Bellagio Gardens after! It's nice!

Update: Bacchanal in Caesar's is better than Bellagio.笑
Cheapest bottomless brunch on the strip. 
Wonderful experience. Great food. The waiter made sure our glasses never saw the bottom. Highly recommend.笑
Good prime rib, pasta, and fish. The sushi bar was sort of hidden, however, the desserts were in plain view and anything but plain tasting. Crab legs were a little small. Worth going to again.笑
This was a disappointment. It used to be the best buffet in Vegas, but tonight we had dry salmon, hard-to-chew "Kobe" beef, overcooked prime rib, and sushi on undercooked balls of hard, unseasoned rice that came out of a machine. The sea bass was good (flavorful and tender) but you have to get the ones that are super-fresh right when they put out the pan - my husband got his piece when it had been sitting for a while, and mine was much better.

On weekend dinners they have a caviar bar and some kind of upgraded sushi offering, but neither of these were that good - I suppose it's a buffet so you don't expect it to be truly gourmet, but at least serve these items with the proper accoutrements. To be fair, the sushi fish was decent, and I asked for a plate of just the sashimi, but they said I had to take the lumpy, sloppily crafted nigiri off the serving plates and then I felt bad leaving the rice balls uneaten to be thrown away so I just moved on to something else. I mean, the rice had hard, crunchy grains in it. Yuck.

The best offerings (and the reason this isn't a one-star review) were the pesto shrimp pizza, beef ravioli in mushroom cream sauce, pesto tortellini, and the desserts. There was a delicious chocolate dome and yummy mango/coconut panna cotta that was the perfect firmness and sweetness.

The one thing I'll say about the desserts is that it would have been great to have a more sophisticated ice cream and cookie offering. Other buffets have a large selection of hand-scooped gelato or sorbet in yummy flavours and things like macaroons. I can get choc/vanilla soft serve and chocolate chip cookies at Soup Plantation, sorry.

Overall, it was convenient because we're staying at the Bellagio, and we were able to skip the humongous line because of our MLife card (if you don't have one, get one just for the VIP perks), but even with the less-than-$40 price, the value wasn't there.笑
I came here for Sunday Brunch and it was nothing special to me.  I guess all of the 5 star reviews are coming from their Dinner Buffet.

There was nothing outstanding here for breakfast/lunch.

Next time I will try their dinner and really see what its all about.笑
I Love this buffett, its up there with Wynn and Planet Hollywood... The duck for lunch for incredible.  We also got a free double shot of patron at the bar.... I used my players card when I gambled at the Bellagio so I got a couple free buffett passes which was pretty sweet.  All in all evverything was very very good I will go here everytime I'm in Las Vegas....simply delicious....笑
Came here with the boyfriend for dinner on a Saturday. The line was pretty long but we got seated fairly quick. Food was great. Of course, the highlight of the meal was the crab legs. Sweet, juicy, tender and succulent - just how crab should be. The lamb chops, Kobe top sirloin, prime rib, and beef wellington were also pretty good. For dessert, the creme brule and macarons were to die for. I fell in love with macarons after our dinner here. We were on a time crunch to catch the Jabbawockeez so we didnt get to stay here for too long. Definite must go-to spot if you have a big appetite while  in Vegas. Skip the buffet at Wynn and go here. We tried both buffets and Bellagio's is definitely better! Bigger, better selection of food and our service was outstanding. I loved our server. Very attentive, and has the eyes of a hawk. She refilled our drinks before they were even half empty. Thanks!笑
I really didn't want to go out to a buffet, but I agreed to go because my other half REALLY wanted to go.  The line was very long, and we got to watch "VIPs" skip the line while we waited.  I had a little to eat; what I had tasted good.  I went to the bathroom, and there was a girl in the restroom puking and puking and puking.  Needless to say, after hearing that, I did not have much of an appetite.  I came back to the table and my spouse was also nauseous, and she didn't even get a chance to eat much.  She barely made it back to the hotel room.  She threw up all night long.  I recommend you skip the buffet.笑
I went twice and has somewhat different experiences.  Once was for breakfast and we ordered the bottomless mimosas.  The lady seemed to avoid us on purpose and we had to practically beg to end up with 2 very tiny mimosas each.  On the other hand, the food was really good and I enjoyed my experience overall.  We tried several other buffets while in Vegas and had varying results, so on the last day we returned here for dinner.  The service was much better and the food was even more amazing than before.  I am a vegetarian and my honey eats almost only meat.  We both had so many choices that we ended up gorging ourselves.  Now I get why LV is famous for buffets.笑
Food was really good especially near Christmas!  But first, they have great customer service.  I have a special needs son and the wait was going to be two hours.  I spoke with one of the service people and they got a manager to speak with me.  He was able to get me to the head of the line and a discount for him.  The person (Marianna) in charge of the line was extremely nice and brought tears to my eyes.

Anyway, try the crab legs and shrimp cocktail (better than Bacchanal), the duck breast, grilled duck legs, and of course, the goose.  They had great grilled lamb chops, prime rib and sushi.  Selection is not as vast as Bacchanal, but it is a lot cheaper and we found that my son likes the chicken mole sauce.

Really, really good was the grilled sea bass.

The Kobe beef was so so, but the other meats make up for it.

Desserts were OK but the fresh fruit was excellent.

They have free beer and wine by the glass.

Will be back.笑
The breakfast selection at the Buffet was pretty delicious, but the dinner selection was pretty standard. The line to eat was insane & we would have opted out if we weren't mLife members. The price was too expensive in my opinion, mainly because I never get my money's worth at buffets. Overall, it wasn't a bad choice. Though, I would venture away from the strip and support some local small businesses in Vegas. I found some gems out there that were cheap.笑
I've been here twice - once for champaign brunch and once for their weekend "gourmet dinner". Both times were pretty good and mostly worth the price (~$40 per person for dinner, and you can get wine). Gourmet dinner nights include goodies like king crab legs, osso bucco (yum), venison, lamb, all kinds of seafood, sashimi, steak tartare, prime rib (of course). You can play keno while you eat, which is also fun (but don't expect to win much). I liked the desserts and felt pretty stuffed and satisfied afterward. This is probably one of my fave buffets on the Strip - everyone who comes to Vegas should eat here at least once!笑
Don't waste your money, don't waste your comps. All I ate was croutons. The crab legs and paella is super fishy, the meat quality and sushi is horrible and Chinese food is so bland. Other reviews are decent so maybe I came on a bad day? Do not recommend.笑
DEFINITELY not worth my money.

I'm not a fan of crab, so didn't even bother wasting stomach space on their COLD crab legs, so I moved on to pastas, salads, meats, sushi: 

Everything else was pretty bland....

Sushi selection was horrible. All i saw was salmon and tuna. I mean, the sushi was pretty fresh, but it was sitting on a ball of MUSHED rice... =______=. I took one glance at the rolls and was not impressed at all.

The only things memorable were:
Prime rib and kobe beef, pesto mashed potatoes, and the grilled vegetables, and napoleon for dessert. that's it.

I really do NOT understand how people can rave that this is one of the best buffets in LV.笑
Just got back from Las Vegas and one of my Buffett stops was at the Bellagio (where i stayed). This was the first time I ate there and it was excellent. Usually I go to another buffett but a co worker recommend this buffett because of their sea food selection (my wife's favorite). Large selection of Sea Food, Meats, Italian food, and a great dessert bar. The line to get in was a small wait and the waitress was very nice. My only complaint: Coke product selection only. Enough with the monopoly but lets get some pepsi products in there also.  I thought my wife would tell me it was an ok buffett, but no, she said this was her favorite because of the  variety of food selections.  Very good Bellagio. You're ahead of your game.笑
Best buffet I've ever eaten at, hands down.

We got in line around 3pm, and with a 45ish minute wait, we got in for lunch price ($20/person) but got dinner food. Smart move!

Our server wasn't the greatest, but the other workers we encountered were very nice, like the round man carving the meat who convinced me to try both the Kobe and flank steaks, promising me that I "wouldn't get big". That flank steak was amazing, by the way. The kobe was a little on the raw side, but we still happily ate it. 

I was in heaven. SO much good food. Smoked scallops, crab legs, calamari salad, smoked salmon, shrimp pesto pizza, ohhh I could go on for days. The sushi rolls were the only bad thing. They tasted like they were either a few days old or shipped in from the nearby Winco. Yuck. Nigiri was good though! 

The desserts were delicious, too. The creme brulee was definitely the best! As usual, the Husband and I sampled just about every dessert offered. 

Husband also mentioned that he thought I ate more than he did. This is probably true. I didn't have a food baby, I had food triplets. I was in some serious pain afterward, but it was so worth it. 

Spend your money here, you can't go wrong, and if you're like me, you'll eat enough to cover the price about 5 times over.笑
Very good buffet but it doesn't quite measure up  to Wynn's.   Main gripe, the king crab legs were water logged and a little bit too salty.  The best, try the rack of lamb w/ the mint jelly.  Very fabulous.  

What also sets the Wynn buffet apart is the decor/ambiance.  At Wynn, it's trendy, modern, hip.  At Bellagio, it's old school.  It actually makes a difference in the overall experience for me.笑
It was awesome. I really don't regret coming to this buffet everytime I go to Vegas, despite the long waits. I just go early and wait with a large group, then we can take turns to gamble a little while waiting and win =P笑
This is one of my top 3 favorite buffets on the strip. This is probably the buffet I go to most often besides the one inside M Resort. I love their crab legs, sea bass, and meats. Their desserts are pretty good too. I wish there was a better selection of sushi here but I can't complain as their other selections are great.笑
We loved this buffet. We learn not to come for dinner during the weekend because it's like 2 hours of standing in line. This time round we came in on a week day and before 3 pm. We waited only like 10 min and it was a bit cheaper too. The food was excellent. The service was good! But our very favorite here is the bread pudding! Please try it it's delicious!笑
After much deliberation and a lot of input by fellow yelpers, we decided that my girlfriends first experience at a buffet would be at the Bellagio.

 The food was all of good quality, but what impressed me the most was the side dishes; things like the mash potatoes and sauces were all really wonderful. A lot of time these items are just filler, but they were actually better than some of the main's. 

 Standouts; the crab legs, mashed potatoes and the brown sugar encrusted pork (the BBQ sauce that went with it made the dish my favorite main). The banana's foster was a fantastic desert, particularly when poured over their vanilla ice cream.

 My service was good as well; the waiter was very attentive. The only thing I found a little strange was that you don't really run a tab with cocktails if paying cash; you pay as you go (which caused us confusion as to if we should be waiting for change or refilling our plates). With the selection they had, the price was worth every penny.笑
The Bellagio gets a 5, yes ladies and gents they do because the service was so amazing! My best friend and I took the hike from MGM grand because we wanted to have some "cushion calories" for breakfast, and window shop a bit. After about 40 mins (you get caught up in Vegas) we finally made it and we were starving! We were mesmerized by the gorgeous light fixtures and beautiful floors, but still.....hunger was upon us and we were frantic! Andrea G. Kept screaming "where's the buffet, where's the buffet ?!!" Finally, we found it but only to be disappointed by the huge line, I read tons of reviews and no one told me this! 

We were favored of course, when the bar tender came out asking around for how many people were in their party. I noticed him fast so I yelled out 2 please....., "come with me ladies" :))) yes! We were seating at the bar and wereoffered the specials, $13 gets you all you can drink mimosa, champagne, Bloody Mary, and beer. That's a deal! We put our stuff down and headed towards the food option. 

Steak, sushi, Chinese, Italian, and then you have your breakfast classics like omelets, bacon, sausage, waffles, pancakes, biscuits......they had everything for everyone. I tried this lamb chop and sirloin , oh man it was so tender and fresh! I also had a shrimp and veggie egg white omelet. The cook who made my omelet was so funny and  very welcoming. We laughed a bit when I told him to make my omelet with love, and he did of course. 

I'm not a huge fan of buffets, and when my good friend recommended I'll admit I was hesitant. I'm glad that I went for it and took his advice. Come to the buffet at the Bellagio, you'll enjoy it, but go straight to the bar if you don't want to wait!笑
We went at 4p to avoid a line, but still waited 90 mins.  The price was $45 per person.  We were under whelmed.  A good $30 buffet, but def not worth the $45.笑
Skip this overrated tourist trip, and head on over to The Mirage. I read other reviews and I wonder if we went to the same place. The food was not good! This was my 4th time in Vegas and always wanted to go & it was just a disappointing experience. I went to 3 buffets this week and this was the worst and The Mirage was clearly the winner. Just watch the water show for free and save money & skip this buffet. By the way, the bathrooms were dirty. One bathroom for hundreds of people with 3 stalls!笑
In my opinion, the Buffet at the Bellagio is the best one on the strip. I've eaten at the MGM, Mandalay Bay, the Excalibur, Caesars Palace, etc. and this place is at the top of my list. 

PRICES & THE WAIT: it's a bit on the pricey side ($25+) however it is all worth it. Caesar's Palace Bacchanal buffet was about $53 for dinner time and I really regret ever spending that much money on a buffet; the food was a huge disappointment and I wished I used that money here that night. Even when I went to the Bellagio buffet during the holidays, it costed less than that (~$45). The wait kind of varies on the time you go. For dinner you may have to wait 20-30min but I personally don't mind since it's my favorite. 

SERVICE: I have never dealt with a rude hostess/waiter/waitress here, so I dont have much to say except that they do their job the way they should. Once, when this  impatient couple was getting mad in line because of the VIP MLife members (they didn't understand how it works), the hostess talked to them in a calm fashion while they were complaining. impressive.

FOOD: the food is to die for. They have a sushi bar that serves tuna and salmon poke! SWEEEET! And if you're lucky, maybe they will have steak tartar. I'm not a huge fan of that but I thought it was a cool food option to have. During the holidays they even had caviar! FANCY! Anyway, they also have a tastey Italian section, Asian section, pizza section... Everything is just so delicious. Some of the foods that really caught my attention and taste buds were the smoked salmon, pesto mashed potatoes and tortellini, and their tiramisu. If you're on a diet, don't hold back and please take a cheat day for this place. The food is AWESOME

Overall, I am always satisfied and 5lbs heavier after I leave the Buffet at the Bellagio. I make sure to hit it up every time I am in Vegas and you should too. Skip the other over priced buffets and come here to get your money's worth!笑
Went for both the Gourment Buffet Dinner and the Champagne Brunch.  They were both pricey but it was worth it.

The dinner was awesome!  I love trying new things and I was going crazy when I saw the kobe beef brisket, the venison steaks, rack of lamb, beef wellington, pasta....well you get the picture ;)  I have to say somethings were better than the others, the prime rib, kobe beef, lamb, osso bucco were excellent!  The beef wellington, pasta, sushi were not so good!  The deserts were excellent (much better than the Wynn Buffet).  The chocolate covered strawberries and the dark chocolate tart are to die for!

The brunch selection was good, it was almost as good as the brunch at the Wynn but there wasn't quite as much variety.  I'll definitely be back!笑
I've been here before for dinner and was great but came here for lunch the other day and was just okay.  

The best thing there was the banana fosters.. I wish I could live off it...笑
The buffet was good...ample selection.....just did not like the fact they raised the price by 40% for labor day weekend.....talk about breakfast @ 32.99 per person...it was a little on the pricey side....but, food was good, and we enjoyed every dishes they had....笑
We made it early enough where there was no line 10:45 yay us when we left the line was huge. Food was great! Probably would have been better if we weren't so hung over I wanted more but couldn't or I would get sick lol. Very nice ambiance. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars the waitress we had was rude. Don't recall her name. Overall satisfied笑
First dinner at Vegas -- we decided to head over to this buffet. $42.86 per person on a Wednesday night (including tax). We made reservations ahead of time since I was traveling with a 40 people group, but the line was not that monstrous at 8:00 p.m.

Although the selection was not as vast as I envisioned it to be, the food was still of excellent quality. The miso baked fish was so good. Other dishes that left an impression were the prime rib, salmon/tuna poke, and pesto tortellini. Oh my god, the poke. I have never tasted ahi tuna this delicious. I've definitely been missing out all my life.

The dishes are replaced pretty often, and everything tastes fresh.

They have a good array of desserts, some of my favorites were the banana foster (hint of alcohol flavor) and the creme brulee. Their cheesecakes were okay, and the soft serve melts pretty quickly. By the time I had walked from the dessert bar back to my seat, I already had a pool of vanilla around my rapidly melting ice cream.

Great buffet! Can't wait to try out some of the others around the Strip.笑
When it comes to Vegas, this has to be my most favorite buffet yet. So I finally gambled for the first time with my $25 Grazie credit, which came with my suite package for The Venetian and luckily I won $55. With that said I wanted to eat somewhere nice on my last day in Vegas so my girlfriend and I went looking for a buffet and a lot of people suggested to go to this one. 

The wait was not long at all and I think the price was a little over $22. That's definitely worth it already if you really put into consideration where you're eating. 

They have so many different stations, and everything I ate was beyond rich in flavor. My favorites were the Bleu Cheese Pasta, which had Chicken and Sun Dried Tomatoes!!! EXCELLENT!!! I also loved their cutting station which had Kalbi beef. I've never been to a buffet that had a cutting station that served that and it was one of the tastiest meats I've ever tasted. 

They also have: 

-A soup station which had four different soups, can't remember off the top of my head... Miso was definitely one of them... 

-Italian, which had you Pizzas and Pastas. Every pasta I tried was really tasty. 

-They have the cutting station which I mentioned earlier. 

-They have an excellent salad station. Their selection of add-ons is one of the biggest I've ever seen. 

-They have freshly made sliders (mini burgers) at their grilling station. You can choose from beef or turkey sliders. Beside that are the extras you can put in like condiments and vegetables. 

-They have a mini-bakery section with different breads like white, sourdough, wheat. 

-They also had a build your own sandwich station. I had one with some exotic Italian deli meat. I forgot what it was called but it was muy delicioso. 

-They also have an Asian foods section. 

-A seafood section, which has a whole section dedicated to shrimp. I LOVE SHRIMP!!! 

-They have a gigantic dessert station which has the greatest Strawberry Tarts I've ever had in my life. I usually hate tarts because I hate anything that's beyond sweet, but these I genuinely love. They have lots of chocolate and fruity goodies, as well as a soft serve yogurt station. 

The service was excellent. Our waitress had a whole section to herself and she was on top of it all!!! Even though Cherry Coke wasn't on the menu she actually brought me a coke and and mini cup of Cherry Grenadine so that I can put as much as I want!!! The chef at the cutting station already remembered me the third time around and already knew what to give me without me having to ask. 

This is the most amazing buffet I've ever been to. Most buffets rush whatever they cook but you can tell that their chefs do put love into the food that they make. The best part about all this is I honestly felt that they could have charged more yet they kept it at a relatively low price for a hotel of its stature. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm going to make sure I eat here at least once!!!笑
With so many "high end" buffets in Vegas these days, it's hard to know which is best.

In my opinion, it's totally up to what your food preference is.

When I go to a buffet, I want a good variety of high quality tasty meats to choose from, a solid array of sides that compliment the meat, and my personal favorite dessert.  Bellagio fits the bill for me.

It does so with the juicy prime rib, perfectly cooked rack of lamb, subtle sweet crab legs, glutinous number of potato side dishes, a decent cheese assortment, and sweet caramel flan.  There's a good assortment of other foods for people who want more than this (i.e. the pastas, asian food, sushi, fish dishes, salad station, etc.), but i stick to what I like.

The service I received tonight was "okay."  I got my drinks refilled in a timely fashion, but plates were piling up and not being taken away too quickly.

But I don't come to buffets for the service, I come for the food.

Edit:
Editing this down to 4 stars because I went again on a non-weekend day, and the lack of rack of lamb, and less than stellar meat selections this time around made me leave a little disappointed.  I also called in advance to ask if they had "rack of lamb" and they said YES, but turns out it was leg of lamb!笑
I had two comp. tickets for this place for breakfast or lunch. We went towards the end of breakfast & so we were able to eat breakfast items AND lunch items. The chicken was so good. I thought it was going to be really dry but it was delicious.

The workers were really nice & attentive. Except the asian lady that was outside doing the lines. She was so mean & rude. 

The food choices were pretty amazing & its spread out so that it isn't too overwhelming.笑
There pizza is really good have many sorts BUT for paying 26 something a person I wouldn't go back for it.
The food over all was eh, nothing was GREAT really the desserts were boring.. Not impressed.笑
Is breakfast worth $41?
Employees are not very nice.
Specially the guy who serves prime rib
,he looks like greeks,about 52yrs old is very
rude.
I don't know why Bellagio hired person who has bad personality. ..
Won't come back.笑
I've been to MANY buffets in my lifetime, and this is one of the one's I'll likely remember for a while. A little pricey for a buffet, BUT well worth it given the quality and quantity of the food served.

We arrived around 8pm and were seated promptly, and did not have to wait in long lines to fill our plates at the various food stations. The food was EXCELLENT - everything was delicious, fresh and well-presented. The waiter providing our drinks was pretty attentive, considering it was busy and he likely had more than a few tables to tend to. My only regret is that I got full more quickly than I'd hoped - always my gripe when it comes to buffets. 

I believe we paid $40-$50 to eat dinner here, which may seem a little high, when you can score a dinner buffet at another hotel for perhaps half that price - but I've been to enough $25 buffets to appreciate the quality and variety of a really good one like the Buffet at Bellagio. We got what we paid for, and I'll be back here again.

PS. It seems people think tipping at a buffet is optional in Vegas. To you, I say, these are hard-working people bringing you your drinks and coffee. They may not be bringing you your dinner or dessert, but don't be so stingy!! TIP YOUR BUFFET WAIT STAFF, PEOPLE!! I watched a 60-year-old waiter get stiffed by more than a few tables, and that kind of thing just PISSES me off. If you ain't prepared to tip, go to McDonalds for dinner. Nuff said.笑
Bottom line:
- Good food selection for a buffet
- Very (!!!) long line up (about 1.5 hrs or so)

- I would have given them 4 stars if the line up wasn't that long笑
Came here a couple of days ago for lunch since I had a bogo offer on my M life card. Price for lunch was $25.99 ... Buffet for me was ok.. Nothing spectacular (but I don't really eat meat that much). The 2 fish dishes were a bit dry.. The spicy tuna roll was pretty good.. Pizza meh.. Desserts were average for a buffet... The mushrooms at the carving station was great! Probably the best thing I had there! Yum! Had a whole bowl of those! :). My friends had the steak and the ribs which they said were good and tender. Service was good and attentive. Overall just average... But if you are looking for crab legs .. There are no crab legs here for lunch....笑
I went for lunch. Let me start with a positive, Monday lunch was only $25. This however should have tipped me off to how mediocre this buffet was. No crab legs and just below average food all around. I would HIGHLY recommend going to another buffet. The Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace is great and not much more expensive. Learn from my mistake. Almost forgot...NO CRAB LEGS!笑
RUN AWAY ! I payed almost 90 for me and my boyfriend and it was NOT worth it ! They didn't have much food and it didn't taste very good . It was my first time at Vegas so I didn't know much . REGRET going in there ! So much money for nothing . There's better buffets with better prices , this ones not it !笑
This is a very large buffet. While the prices match the Bellagio decor and minimum bets, the food is very mediocre. The service is quick although the line can get large for brunch and dinner. The cold meats and cheeses are sub-par. Breakfast food selection is very good and includes everything from cerial to eggs florantine. I am very partial to the cheese filled blintzes.Always leave some room for desert. They have fruits as well as all kinds of sweet pastries. It is certainly no cruise ship all-you-can eat buffet and is just passable for the price.笑
Ok this place is amazing and is one of the best buffets I have ever gone to. We went at 3:45 and dinner starts at 4:00, so we basically paid lunch prices for dinner. They had Kobe beef roast, pesto mashed potatoes, roasted Mediterranean veggies and a variety of other wonderful items. We didn't have to wait long for a table, our drinks were filled constantly and I like that they serve you on the buffet (prevents random crap from getting into the food and is MUCH more sanitary). Great upscale selection, amazing food and price is on par with the other buffets.笑
Came here for a late lunch/ early dinner.  Buffet is one of the best I have had. It was worth the $30 or so that I paid. I recommend this place.  Alaskan King Crab legs, Oysters, Kobe Sirloin Steaks, Desserts Galore. I ate so much food here and it all tasted great. The only complaint I have is that I prefer my Crab Legs to be warm, they are served cold at this buffet.笑
The buffet at the Bellagio has gone downhill in a big way. Had the weekend brunch here and the selection was not all that great and what was there was often cold and bland. Service was also not very good. I remember this place being so much better years ago when I first came here. For $25/head ($30 if you want champagne), I expect a lot better selection and quality. Don't waste your money here.笑
Well came here for a comped lunch buffet and can't really say there was anything special about the food. Had a pretty good variety but nothing overly tasty. One server actually quit when the guy in front of me tried to get another slice of steak. I wouldn't pay to eat here that's for sure.笑
3.975 Stars! It wasn't exactly up to par with the Bacchanal Buffet at the Caesar's Palace or the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. Nonetheless, having the tiny tummy that I do, all it took was 4 rounds before I could hardly get up anymore and I will say, I was contented.

My parents and I decided to spice up family day by trying out the buffet at the Aria but when we got there, we were told it was under renovation so we diverted our route to plan B and that was either Bellagio or Wynn. Seeing as Bellagio was not too far away, we settled here for lunch. At 12:30pm, there were hardly any lines and we were seated almost right away at our table. I was almost completely aware that our server seemed very very tired. Thankfully, he ended his shift not too long after we arrived and Victor took over for the rest of our dining experience. 

Changing gears for a second, the food made its mark on my family. 5 Cheese Tortellini in Pesto held a special place on my plate almost every time I went back. There was sushi, a variety of cheese, cold cuts, cous cous, salads and fresh vegetable rolls (please avoid these) for appetizers and plenty more. An array of main course options included pineapple fried rice (it had an exotic touch to it which I loved), beef flank, jumbo shrimp cocktail, pizza, pastas. I have to say though, that the dessert didn't really live up to my expectations. I was hoping they'd have more ice-cream options but instead, they only offered chocolate, vanilla and a couple of sorbets. No creme brulee or macarons like I wished. 

NOTE that they boot up the dishes for dinner (king crab in the house!) at 3:30pm so take your time with lunch and just wait till the hour strikes and feast upon the magical extras! Our server, Victor, was more than entertaining and after noticing how much I loved dessert (and at that point, couldn't quite get up to grab any more), he brought me and my mom some tiramisu and raspberry cheesecake shooters which were the bomb! I am absolutely thankful for his pleasant service and how he would occasionally drop by our table to joke around with my dad. 

Keep this buffet on top of your list, but place it up number 3 or 4 for back-up!笑
Err, I think we went on the wrong day. Where was my king crab? That's why it was only $25/person for lunch on Saturday. I could've sworn they had king crab on weekends, bah.

So with that out of the way, I think the next leading item here for lunch was prime rib, and that was very tasty. Most of the other items ranged from average to good, but not much else was spectacular. I've heard that this buffet has gone downhill in recent years, but I have no basis for comparison.笑
Definitely not the best Vegas has to offer. Everything is just so-so, but the bottomless mimosas are an intriguing option. The selection isn't as vast as Wynn, but considering the cheaper price, I guess that's acceptable.笑
This is the best buffet that I've ever had in my life - Vincent S. 

This buffet had everything. It's pricey, but it's definitely worth the $40 that we paid. It had Kobe beef and just about everything that we wanted to eat. The service was great. As soon as we got up to get a new plate, they quickly removed our plates. I was pleasantly surprised with everything that I tried. They even had homemade marshmallows. How do you make marshmallows? This place is insane.  They also have a substantial collection of desserts, but I don't eat dessert very much, so I'm going to withhold judgement on this. 

I'm writing this review two days after eating at this place. I am still full. I still don't really want to eat anything. Everything else that I had this weekend does not compare.

My only issue with this place is the price, but if you're in Vegas, you can easily win all that money back at the casinos.笑
Had dinner here last night with my family and left unimpressed. Sure there were lots of options, but the items I chose were not that remarkable. The king crab legs were split, so bonus points for that. The short ribs were tough. The roasted yams were good. The fingerling potatoes were undercooked. The strawberry shortcake was weird. It tasted like egg custard and strawberry jam. Our waitress was ok. Though, she did spill water all over my sister's chair, luckily it was vacant at the time. I tried the buffet at the Wynn my last trip and that was a lot better.笑
Overpriced - as with everything at this resort.
Coffee was crap. Folgers style.
Muscles looked great but weren't fresh. They tasted previously frozen.  
Bacon was the pre-cooked stuff. Not legit.
French Toast was extremely dry. Seemed like it was a couple days old. 
Salmon was dry but tasted OK.
Prime-Rib was actually pretty good but over cooked. 
Shrimp was bulk-bought pre-cooked as well. Same stuff you buy at Wal Mart.
Sausage same as above.

I consider myself very easy to please but the Bellagio just failed for me on all levels. The buffet just wasn't even close to being worth the money. Half of the food looked horrid. 

Will not return - save your money.笑
This is an excellent buffet.  We had dinner here tonight.  I loved the Kobe sirloin, the mushroom ravioli with truffle pieces, and the roast lamb.  There was also some good salmon poke and jumbo peeled shrimp.  

The food items are laid out in a nice order and they're easily accessible.  Of course, what would dinner be without mentioning desserts.  That is why we eat, no?  I had a dark chocolate, raspberry cone (a mini chocolate ice cream cone filled with creamy dark chocolate and fresh raspberries) and Key Lime tart.

I would have given the buffet 5 stars except our server was quite slow despite the fact he didn't appear to have that many tables.  Iced tea refills were slow and he was slow to clear plates.

I'll be back again to eat some of the things I didn't get to today like split crab legs, ahi poke, and some more of their excellent seafood dishes.笑
I'm not a fan of breakfast food which always makes this meal a challenge for me. The Bellagio Buffet includes all your typical breakfast entrees from pancakes to eggs benedict. It also has an omelet station with shrimp, a Mexican bar with fresh guacamole, an Asian station with delicious Miso soup, lots of fresh fruit, three different types of pizza and a full salad bar. Grits, oatmeal, cream of wheat and congee were the hot porridge choices. There were several yogurt options with every imaginable topping including figs. I didn't touch the bakery department, but I noticed gluten free and sugar free options. I filled my plate with lox, mussels, calamari salad, seafood salad, pickled herring, parmesan and pesto stuffed tomatoes, beef tenderloin, and roasted vegetables. I was amazed at the roasted vegetables including spring onions, zucchini, mushrooms, green beans, red peppers, jalapeño peppers, asparagus and choy sum, just to name a few. They even had cute little pickles. I definitely ate $20.99 worth of food, not to mention the fresh squeezed orange juice. Thank you Bellagio for the best breakfast in Vegas!笑
It really is Sin City... or at least Sloth City - I ate prime rib, shrimp, lamb, and eggs benedict for breakfast.  

This buffet is a really great value at $17.   All the dishes are fresh and quality.  I think I ate about 50 of the sweet shrimp while I was still shopping for more food to load on my plate before I even sat down.  Although I'm a fan of the fancy cuts of meat and all that, the eggs benedict and their hollandaise sauce were an unexpected highlight to the meal.  The service is also very fast here as they will give you plenty of coffee, water, and juice to fight the hangover from the night before so you can boot and rally.

I have yet to try the Wynn buffet even though I stayed there so maybe next time that will be my comparison.笑
I went there for breakfast and stayed until lunch. Food is really good and fresh. They got the authenic Chinese hot and sour soup. The decor is OK, not as nice as Wynn.笑
The quintessential Vegas buffet and it definitely lived up to its hype. It was a sea of unending food and all of it pleased me immensely. The servers were very prompt in refilling drinks. I was so delighted to sample so many unique foods!笑
I've lived in Vegas nearly my entire life and probably have been to every single buffet in this city.  From gourmet buffets to your average station casino, on top of my parents being such avid gamblers, there isn't a casino buffet I'm not familiar with until this place.

Front: We came here close to 6pm on a saturday just before the rush of people wanting to get dinner and thankfully we planned it this way.  The wait in line probably only took 10 minutes and was prompted a place to sit (party of 4) immediately while a bigger group in front of us had to wait. 

Price:
Breakfast: $18.99 (Mon-Fri/ 7am-11am
Lunch: $22.99 (11am-330pm)
Dinner: $33.99 (Mon-Thur 330-1000)
Gourmet dinner: $39.99 (Fri-Sat/330-1000)

Food:
Now like all buffets in Vegas, they love to prepare dishes from around the world.  This place was no different as they feature primarily Asian, American, Italian and Mexican. The food here ladies and gentlemen probably the best buffet food i've had (yes, better than the M and better than GVR's feast).  They had chicken tikka masala that was pretty consistent in terms of flavor and was nicely tender.  They had pesto mashed potatoes and pesto shrimp pizza, both of which were perfect.  They feature snow crabs like any other buffet but also offer king crab (only drawback is that you can't get them steamed, they're all served cold.) A sushi bar next to the crabs that serve your basic rolls and nigiri, tuna/salmon poke (with spicy mayo on the side) and they serve american caviar, other eggs and steak tartar (GET THE TARTAR!!!).  Rack of lamb was also served which was prepared wonderfully without too much of that lamby/gamey taste.

Dessert: 
The blueberry, strawberry and chocolate raspberry macaron.  I strongly recommend getting this to end your experience.  Its just a nice touch of sweetness without being too overpowered in terms of richness to clean  your palette alongside the refreshing feeling of the fruits. 

Interior: This buffet is very intimate, meaning that its walkways in the buffet are narrow and you'll be bumping into plenty of people.  Decor is dated but the food makes up for that.  There is a bathroom located inside the buffet so no more having to leave and asking the cocktail waitresses where the bathrooms are; however, the mens room has like 2 urinals and 1 stall so you'll probably end up pooping elsewhere. 

Overall: 
This buffet is probably the best buffet i've had.  GVR used to rank supreme when they would marinate the crabs and shrimp in that special blend of spices and herbs but they have since eliminated that.  A bit on the pricier side as we went during the gourmet buffet but with your choices of rack of lamb, king crab, steak tartar and other premium food choices (plus being on the strip) the price is reasonable. If the crabs were steamed and the walkways were more wider, I would definitely give this place a 5.笑
Waited in line for 30 mins on a Sunday around 2:00PM

All you can eat crab legs and champagne and prime rib and salmon is worth the $50!

Sushi and dessert wasn't that good. Breakfast items were okay.

I enjoyed the pesto mashed potatoes, never had that before!

But eating and drinking here definitely put me in a food comma after!笑
Food was good except the crab legs that everyone is talking about.  Enjoyed the soufflé.笑
We got to the buffet around 1130am on Sunday for the brunch. The line wasn't too bad, I guess because we got here pretty early. We waited about 15-20 min. The service was good and they were pretty organized.  I thought the food was mediocre. They have a guy that makes an omellete fresh for you, but I've had similar experience at a Marie Calendars. The best thing during the brunch that was even worth mentioning is the herb crusted prime rib.  Other than that the selection is okay, they have salads, pizza, a little bit of Asian cuisine and some fish.  I wasn't a fan of their dessert.  It's not that huge and their dessert is not worth mentioning either; it didn't look that appealing.  The best thing they had was the strawberry and peach sorbet, which was very refreshing. Sorry Bellagio, brunch buffet for $23 sounded good, but the only thing I'd be coming back for is the prime rib.笑
Since I'm not a frequenter of buffets, I was rather curious about the hoopla surrounding them.  When our Canuck pals came into town for a quick visit, they suggested we check out Bellagio's buffet, since they wanted to try it.  I was more impressed than I thought!  The variety of food and the quality of the food was great (I really enjoyed the protein offerings).  You will find prime rib and seafood and Mexican entrees and sushi....whatever you could possibly want.  Everything I had, from the meat to the veggies, tasted fresh.  And dessert!  Lots of them and happily, everything wasn't too large.....which meant lots of sampling.  My favourites included the little lemon tarts and the chocolate mousse.

Service was good and the seating area didn't feel like I was in a buffet.  Our server was very patient with us, especially when my friend's kid spilled Coke everywhere.  ;P笑
I generally think buffets are a waste of money. I mean, how many plates of food can one eat? I was with my five other girlfriends after a long night of drinking and gambling. We needed some food.

The food spread is impressive. There is really something for everyone here... breakfast, lunch and dinner foods. I stuck with the eggs benedict, shimp cocktail and some fruit, but between the six of us, we had a good sampling of food. 

The dessert section is out of control. Crembrulee, eclairs, chocolate raspberry ganace cake, profiteroles... they have it all. Next time, I will stick to this section only :)笑
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE The Buffet at Bellagio.  The price is a bit much, but once you are there, it is more than worth it.  We have taken family there months ago and they are still talking about it.  I cannot comment on breakfast or lunch, but the dinner buffet is worth every penny!笑
This place ranks better than probably top five Vegas buffets but still lacks behind Bachannal and the Wynn buffet.

The 2 stars is for my recent Memorial day weekend trip where Bellagio raised the price for weekend buffet to $47.99.   We had a chiid and paid $50 for her as well.  At 6pm, there was literally NO ONE in line.  I was thinking, ok, it's still early especially in Vegas.  Got to the counter and said, wow, no line.  The cashier said, maybe it's because we raised our price for the weekend (No Kidding!!).

Food wise - normal everyday selection.  Nothing special.  I mean at least tease us with fresh oysters or something wild???? NO! it was only bbq ribs and roasted chicken! Everything else (King Crab legs, prime ribs, lamb chops) you can get any other day.  

 I've been here more than 10 times and had dinner here during holiday weekend.  Most of the times, were were treated to some theme, special food offerings, or at least champagne for the excessive price.  This weekend was very disappointing Bellagio!!!笑
Outstanding buffet! Great value!

  I attended the breakfast and lunch buffets. The breakfast selection was good but the lunch selection was very diverse. The food was well prepared, not over cooked, there was a great selection of foods from around the world, and the pastry chef deserves a round of applause. A wonderful surprise was that the soft serve ice cream station had sorbet, non-dairy ice cream!! 

One concern, the layout of the buffet line was very difficult to navigate. I like to have a lot of room to view what's available before piling food on my plate and that was difficult to do.笑
Definitely one of the better buffets in all of Vegas. It is a bit pricey, but remember it's inside one of the most luxurious hotels on the strip, so expect to pay a pretty penny. The one and only weakness is its dessert selection. Every time I've tried it, it ranged from decent to terrible. Whatever you do, stay away from the caramel flan. It's horrible and a huge disservice to authentic Mexican flan. 

Highlights:
- Cheese ravioli
- Grilled asparagus
- Kobe steak笑
After the Wynn, I think the Bellagio is the best dinner buffet in Vegas.  Clean, big, interesting choices, nice room.  They have things like salmon and tuna poke (a sushi variety) and incredible meat and fish items.  I always try to make it to the Bellagio buffet when I'm in town.  A bit pricey but better than a plated dinner and if you skip the optional cocktails you can get a HUGE dinner for two with top quality food (crab legs, sushi, prime rib, beef, pasta, killer desserts) for under $90 with tip.

I'd rate it an A.笑
Had a great breakfast/lunch spread! Went from coffee, bacon, eggs and  O'Brien potatoes to spicy tuna hand rolls, sliders, salad and beer! Lots of food choices ...could sit there for hours and get super fat.笑
Pretty good. It is pricey for a reason. Good line and great service.  Such a great variety of food.  Seafood and steak of course.  Go to Vegas and eat here.  One of the best buffets I always tell my friends to go to.  Very pack and be prepare to wait. The wait is worth it.  Long line for a reason. Its pretty damn good.笑
I hate buffets, I really do. But where else can you get french toast and pizza on one plate?

I came here for brunch. While the food quality was decent, I was expecting a bit more selection. It wasn't terrible, but the Bellagio Buffet didn't quite live up to the hype.

Boo for the long wait, I felt quite pathetic waiting 30 min. in a line for food...I'm a lardass at heart...笑
Of all the buffets at the casinos in Vegas, this is the worst yet...not bad, but there was a re-occuring theme of just-ok-ness throughout the meal. I'm referring to the overcooked cuts of meat, crappy dessert selection, cold food (when it should have been hot) and most of all, the lack of labeling the food stations (which pissed me off the most). It was aggravating to have to go to the front of the lines just to see what the food was or to view the itty-bitty food description signage.

I will say, good selection of shrimp.笑
a bit pricey for the quality of the food, went there strictly for the crab legs. went straight for them 3 plates in a row. don't forget the butter, it's hiding behind you at another counter. (tsk tsk) prime rib had a lot of fat, so make sure to ask for a healthy portion/cut. dessert was plentiful, make your own ice cream with toppings. if you want sushi have them make it and tip the chef, but definitely stay away from the sushi that's already out, it's old, stale and just nasty.笑
Lunch here was great. I loved little touches like the chocolate covered strawberries and the strawberry tarts. They had a delicious carrot soup! Pesto mashed potatoes, yum!

All in all, Vegas buffets don't do Asian food well.. but the Bellagio was great overall and I'd definitely come back in the future.笑
Never disappointing, and the food is always fresh and variety is wide...  I'm not sure what type of traveler or diner will give the Bellagio Buffet a negative review, but to me, a frequent visitor, it hits the spot to fight those hunger pangs...  My future wife and I went there at 5PM on Wednesday, and the legendary lines were non-existent!  Once seated, it was time to select our food.  The sushi bar, hot food and salads were top notch, and fresh seafood was not fishy smelling or just sitting there.  Only gripe was with the "Kobe Beef", which was on the tough side.  Other than that, the king crab legs, their pizza and cooked seafood was excellent, not to mention the fancy desserts, which was hard to pass up, even on a full stomach.  

Service was attentive, and everyone received attention, not only the so-called "high roller" types, the seats were comfortable, and tables were set in a way where you don't intrude in other people's space while dining.

I believe that though you don't go to the weekend "gourmet" buffet dinner for an extra $3-4 bucks, a regular weekday evening buffet is just perfect, even for families.  It was by virtue of two comp dinners through MyVegas that we both enjoyed the experience, and will always go back for more when visiting Bellagio again in the future!笑
I've always wanted to try "The Buffet" at the Bellagio and today I finally got my chance. And the verdict..... EH! 

We came on an early Sunday morning for breakfast/brunch. The layout was your typical Vegas buffet layout and the food was just ok. Nothing stood out for me. The dessert area was ok too. Don't get me wrong, there were a lot of options to choose from, from prime rib to shrimp cocktail to Chinese food to an omelette station, it just wasn't special. I've heard many great review about this buffet so I was a little disappointed with what I experienced. Maybe their dinner is better. I have yet to try and when I do, I will revise this review.笑
food is so so and deserts are not good at all. prime rid is hard like rubber.
 i have eaten in many places. for the amount they charge this place is a big letdown. better spend your $ somewhere else. also parking is much more than the other place next to it.笑
I would not return.  The buffet seems to show age in decor.  The crab legs are not that fresh as mandalay.  The ice cream option is not as great as the wynn gelato.  The prime rib is alright.  Not really worth the wait and crowds.  The service is ok- but they need more waitresses.  Selection is average.笑
As good as it gets. Seriously. Everything I ate was phenomenal. Prime rib, Brussels sprouts, carrots YUM!!! My only knock would be on the crab legs - just give us crackers please. Thanks Bellagio!!!! Enjoyed the buffet!!!!笑
Whenever I go to Vegas, I always either stop by the Bellagio Buffet or the Wynn Buffet. Neither of them ever disappoint.

Great cuts of meat, cocktail shrimp, and king crab legs. I eat pretty much the same stuff at every buffet in Vegas, but it's the quality that counts. Wynn is the best, but Bellagio is a close second.

It's not cheap, but you're in Vegas, splurge a little!笑
Bellagio is back! A long time ago before Wynn Resort even existed Bellagio was the king! Then it slipped, but now they seem to get their game back on...at least with their buffet for starters. The wait still is a bitch, but once seated, ta-da! I had no complaint whatsoever...well, except for the old loser purposely piled up new crab legs after I picked through the old ones was a pathetic display of discrimination toward Asians. LOL! The price was fair($30 weeknights), prime rib & lamb shank all done right, our favorite shrimp cocktails were bigger & more succulent than all competitors, desserts all tasted just delishiyoso! I can go on, but don't want to bore anyone. Just very glad Bellagio gained our taste buds' confidence back after the disappointment at Aria's poor impression on not only "so-called" interior design, but also very bad service.  Long live Bellagio XD笑
I came for lunch a little after 11 and the line wasn't too bad.  It took about 15 minutes to get in.  

I'm not that into breakfast foods, but of course at that hour many people are having breakfast/brunch and enjoy the usual waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, etc.  People always like omelette stations. I go more for the lunch food and I thought the selection would be a little wider.  

They had the usual carved meats such as turkey and sirloin beef which were both good and not overlooked or dry.  They didn't have a lot of salads that appealed to me.  They had a basic build-your-own-salad section.  They had cold cut meats, some gourmet salads, and cheese, but I don't go for that. They had a basic selection of cooked vegetables like carrots and potatoes along with creamed spinach which was good.  I had more than one helping of the mashed potatoes as my starch or I probably wouldn't have gotten full.  Seafood-wise, they mainly had cocktail shrimp.  The sushi selection is very basic/average and the ravioli from the pasta selection wasn't tasty enough to finish.

As for desserts, they had a wide and appetizing selection, but I could only manage a mini pecan pie, flan, and some peach/raspberry sorbet.  I probably don't/barely get my money's worth because I can't go more than two rounds!

I'm sure the dinner selection is better, but of course you are paying for it with the higher price.  Lunch was good, but I wasn't "wowed".笑
Overpriced and overrated buffet! The sushi section is 10x  worst than Todai which isn't that good to begin with. The only thing worth eating is the sea bass. The lamb chop has no taste and the pasta is like hospital food. I have been to this buffet many times and the quality is getting worse.笑
Pro: Best prime rib, large desert bar, large selection of cultural food.

Con: Why is the buffet so so far away from the parking structure? Not as good as 3 years ago. 

I can recall my first time at Bellagio, I nearly lost my mind. My buddy and I almost had to be carried off in wheelchairs. 2 years later, after 5 hours (brunch, lunch, and dinner) of eating, another buddy and me didn't even know how we got back to San Diego. This place was the king in Las Vegas until the Wynn opened up. Not to claim this establishment is not worth your while, but do check out Wynn first.

Weekend brunch is usally the bestbet then the dinner, try not to go there during lunch, since the selection is not as good then night time.笑
Food: Pretty blah is my general impression after my second time there (first for lunch, last time for dinner). I would not be coming back either. Meats were all dry. Beef Wellington was a major letdown. Sushi selection was non-existent. Salmon or tuna? I like pizza, so I have nothing bad to say about it, but I rarely say anything bad about pizza, that would be blasphemy. Crab legs were pre-split however they were intensely salty. Shrimp cocktail was probably the best thing. Desserts were good, the best was the creme brulee however that went with the quickness and I couldn't find anymore. 

Drink: Soda. Numerous refills due to salty crab legs.

Service: Quick to clear away plates and refill water/soda.  

Ambiance/Crowd: Vegas style. Spacious and tacky. Young people, old gamblers, families, a slice of the world.笑
I have been to Las Vegas a kazillion times.  Haven't tried all the buffets, but enough to know that Bellagio has the best one in that town.  Maybe not the best for the price, but there's no sense in traveling that far and paying hard-earned money to get a mediocre meal.   The food is good and everyone is sure to find something to satisfy them. 

Last time I went, earlier this year, I found Tuna Poke during dinner.  Yummy!  Just imagine, all you can eat.  But, I've learned from past experience to pace myself.   Eat a little, rest, go back for more, rest, etc.  And, you need to save room for desserts, such as the caramel flan.  They even have sugarfree creations available.  It's mind boggling how many  dessert items there are to select from.  Oh, and I asked for green tea at the end of my meal, and it was from Maeda-en and had Matcha (powdered green tea) in the tea bag, not one from Bigelow or the like.  I thought this was a nice touch.  For those who have never been to a buffet like this, after they seat you, take a walk to examine all the offerings.  Then, take small portions of what you want.  After that you can go back for seconds, thirds, fourths, etc. of what you really enjoyed.  They constantly replenish.  I'm pretty sure you can sit there for as long as you like.  Just don't go too late at night, when the selections begin to dwindle, and you get to view the workers begin to dump platter after platter of perfectly good food in the trash, as they begin to close down for the evening.  And as one of the other reviewers noted, if you want a little of everything, go in a time slot right before lunch, so you can have breakfast AND lunch items to choose from.   For dinner, you'll find anything from smoked salmon,  crab legs, salad greens with scallops and pine nuts, prime rib, wild boar, sauteed Chinese vegetables, pizza, shrimp cocktail, to a selection of soups.  You might have to hover around the dessert station, because as they bring out something like chocolate dipped strawberries, hungry diners will swoop down and swipe them all before you know it.  

Be prepared, there can be long lines.  Unless you know someone who's a high-roller and gets comped, then you get to zip by in the express line.  =)

Once, I rememer hearing a gentleman who had a Southern (maybe Texas, where I thought everything was BIG) accent exclaim something like, "Geez, I can't believe how big this is!".笑
There was a time--back in the 1990's that the Bellagio Buffet was on top--a must visit when in Vegas.  I craved it.  The bronze and silver shined, the service was filled with energy and excitement, and the food--extraordinary.  I remember sitting down and just polishing off lots of carp and lox and salmon.  

But those days are no more--and they have gone been since the crash of the economy in 2008--this Buffet has never come back.

On my last visit, which will be my last--the bronze and silver was worn and did not shine, the service was dull and angry, and the food mediocre.  Gone was the great quality Lox and Carp and Salmon.  It reminded me of a Buffet that was headed toward Circus Circus level.  

But people keep lining up--because it's 1990's strong reputation lives on with people that never experienced how great it used to be.  They accept mediocrity because they never knew superiority.  Chicago Grandma tells her 20 something grandkids, "don't forget to check out the Bellagio Buffet, it's the best in Vegas..."  But grandma has not been there since Millenium New Years Eve in 1999.  

There are others that have those great memories of the 1990's at this Buffet, know that it is no more, but keeping checking-in hoping that it comes back, only to leave disappointmented. 

This buffet has no incentive to improve because people line up like cattle for the slaughter not knowing any better--just what they heard.  And if they can keep filling the seats without improving--it's a cash cow for the casino--it may make more money than some of the tables many nights.  

It's depressing to see what it has become.

You're meal here will be OK, you will walk away full and satisfied--but there is much better for your dining dollar folks I hate to tell you.笑
I have to say this buffet was the best i've had by far!  My hopes & standards were already set pretty high and they have exceeded them. From the very tasty salad dressings, to the very juicy oso bucco, to meaty king crab legs, to the amazing dessert selection and everything in between, ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  My first time in vegas has been such a great experience and I thank the Bellagio & its buffet for it!  I would definitely recommend the Bellagio Buffet to all that visit Vegas;)笑
Wednesday night buffet was $40. Totally worth it. The atmosphere felt nothing like a vegas buffet. The food was great and very fresh. The lines could be long but we got there on the earlier side and didn;'t have to wait at all.  Lots of fish options for those eating healthier. The asian selection was delicious. We will go there again.笑
Sorry Bellagio. You are no longer the best buffet Vegas has to offer.

While I still enjoy their caving station and seafood selection, the weekend/holiday gourmet dinners are hardly worth the price. The prime rib is good and crab legs are enjoyable for buffet standard. Other than that, nothing really stood out. The cooked food selection had remained pretty much the same over the years and offered very little excitement for repeat customers. Quality is average and definitely does not compare to newer buffets like Wynn or Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon. 

Is it my imagination or their desserts really aren't as good anymore? Dessert used to be the only reason I still go back to Bellagio buffet. This time around a lot of the desserts I tried seemed to have sat out for a while. Creme brulee was no longer chilled and turned slightly watery. Chocolate eclair was not crispy. Many of the tart shells were soggy. The only dessert that was still good was the bread pudding, which was kept warm.

Best deal here is the lunch buffet. However, for that price I would much rather go to Wicked Spoon. You won't be disappointed there.笑
it is just ok. dont wait in line for more than an hour for this one. the food is good but not like what your might think. buffet food the same as every other casino in town. and the $30 price tag.....hmmm笑
There are only three buffets i fool with when i hit Vegas: the ones at the 
Rio, the Wynn, and Bellagio.  Freakin fabulous, all of 'em.  Yeah, its just a buffet, I agree, but when you have 99cent buffets and other nonsense like that out there then you have to give props to those who deserve them.  I personally hate the buffet concept because I don't want to serve myself when I'm in a restaurant (lazy, I know) but since the 'rents always ALWAYS only do buffets in LV I've had no choice over the years.  The Bellagio buffet always has a great variety, fresh seafood and salad stuff which I like, and just good quality food in general.  The only unfortunate thing is that the line sometimes gets long, and I hate waiting in that little cave of an entry that they have before you get to the cashier.  Since I always have my revenge with crab legs I never mind too much :) muah ha ha ha haaaaaaaaa (yes that was my evil laugh)笑
This was a decent buffet, definitely not the best.  My grandparents used to rave about this buffet so I was excited to try.  Everything was ok and they had a great variety but the taste was a little meh.  We got in by sitting at the bar, it's a secret that most people don't know.  If there is a huge line, walk up front and ask if there is bar seating available.  The first thing we were excited about was the kobe beef.  It looked so beautiful and delicious but we were wrong.  The meat was so hard and so tough.  It could have been kobe, but it was a very cheap cut which is how they are serving so much of it.  We passed our plates to the server, we couldn't eat it and both felt bad.  Then we went to the sushi which was pretty good.  I ate as much of that as I could.  I felt like the quality was pretty good.  The rest of the items were ok nothing was very special.  I will say that it was a fun buffet with great servers.  I will come back in hopes that the food got a little better though I admit it must be hard to make that much food every night.笑
Service: 3/5
Food: 2/5
Price: $$
Presentation of food: 3/5
Presentation of restaurant: 2.5/5
Overall: 2/5

I heard great reviews about this place, but the day we came in (I'm not sure if it's because we came for lunch) the selection was really disappointing. Plus there was this stench around the soup area, I'm not sure if it were the workers or just the place wasn't squeaky clean; but it was very off putting every time I walk pass. There were scrambled eggs still during lunch. Then there was chicken rotisserie style next door to it (I was a little thrown off). The pineapple fried rice was pretty good (one of the better ones, but I've had better). The dessert selection was a little whack, they had eclairs, but chocolate filled?? Eugh. Waaay too sweet, the other cakes were alright; still over baringly sweet. The only one that was good was is the carrot cake. Oh don't get me started on the coffee, ITS VEGAS RIGHT?? So of course this was the first meal of MY day because I had slept in from the previous night of fun, so I have to order my coffee on the daily. The coffee was boring, not strong enough; and no coffee taste (I hope the morning roast was better). I really wanted to like this place, but it didn't turn out that way :/笑
I don't know.

Well maybe it's that people don't get out much.

For me it doesn't have to be a fancy meal to be good.  Yet Bellagio uses the term "Gourmet".  So be it.

Don't be fooled by fancy terms like "prime rib" or "sushi" or even Graham Kerr's favorite - Gourmet.

If you are looking for a lot of mediocre nearly tasteless food head down to the Bellagio, get in line and strap on your feeding bad.  At least the Char Siu Pork and Noodle dishes are good.  But not worth $40 and a wasted opportunity to eat at another fine Vegas restaurant on a Saturday Night.

If you want food that tastes good you'd do better at Noodles, First or hell go down to main street station.  You will spend less and get better food.

Trust me.

I am sitting at the Buffet right now writing this review and my signal is gone.  Conspiracy?  Just like the thermite paint theory my friends.  They want to cover up the fact that I had a bad meal so they are blocking me.

Maybe if I arch my back and wave my hands like that commercial for the Aria Hotel.

What was that pop?  

OMG I've been hit...  glub glub glub笑
It was almost trash. I paid over $80 for 2 person i think. We couldn't eat anything cause taste was trash and not fresh af. Food was junk. But i don't want to give 1 star cause food was trash enough but servers are kind and old ladies and gentle men. I don't want them lose their job.笑
This is definitely one of the best buffets i have ever been to.  It's a must if you are in Vegas.  I prefer this over Wynn because they have more to offer for less. The food selection is amazing, all perfectly prepared, great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  Don't be discouraged if you see the long lines, it's so worth the wait.  Make sure to save room for desserts, the creme brulee is to die for!!!笑
After our bad experience the first visit, my wife decided to give it another try just because they have lamb chops.  We went early this time (4:30), still waited over an hour in line.  But well worth it this time. 
Everything except the Kobe beef was delicious.  Wife had the lamb, kids went to town on the crab legs, I had prime rib, beef flank and sea bass all night.  Everything had flavor, except the Kobe beef.  Much better selection than Bacchanal. 
Only gripe I have is kids have to pay full price (3 yrs old and older) $48 for a 4 yr old is kinda ridiculous.笑
Not as good as Bacchanal over at Caesars, but nonetheless, still yummy. 

Again, it's a massive buffet so you will find something to eat. If you can't, then you're too damn picky! 

Same as Bacchanal, I dove right into the crab legs. Ugh, I can never get enough of those suckers.

I think it was around $50/person...笑
One expensive buffet, it was ok, get ready to stand in line for 30 mins or more! The line wrapped pretty far up to the cashier. I enjoyed the sashimi and salmon poke, I liked the prime rib, well the first one, the second one was hard and not so good. The deserts were tasty. 

This is not the best buffet but it's pretty ok, not worth the price though. $40 a person? crazy. It would of been a nice $25 buffet.笑
Some overrated reviews here or they were drunk with no taste buds left. Everything was executed very sloppily. The food made me reminiscent of college dorm food. The sushi fell apart easily, handrolls were made incorrectly without rice to close them, and nigiri was made via a pastry machine to form rice into its shape. The only meat that was okay was the roasted chicken. The kobe beef seems like feedlot meat and was well done. The seafood was a joke. They forgot to completely defrost the crab legs so they had crunchy slush inside the meat. Mussels were tiny. 
Desserts were a disappointment once you tasted them. 

Oh yeah, I ended with food poisoning that night. It was not fun.笑
The buffet always has a long line to get in. Then It is pricey, but The seafood is good tho. I might come back. But i liked The ceasar palace's Better :)笑
I am such a big buffet fan, and should have listened to the people who said Wynn's was better. We decided on Bellagio because we wanted to check out the conservatory, and see what the deal was with Bellagio-- figured we'd kill two birds with one stone-- touristy spot + Vegas buffet. 

We were greeted with a huge line, which seemed to be moving fairly quickly but still, wow. Was like a nighclub line! Luckily, someone who was leaving the buffet gave us a line pass which entitled us to skipping line- awesomeness! We didn't have to wait at all!

In terms of food variety, they deserve five stars, they have everything from sushi, to pork buns, lamb to turkey, salad to pizza. Has something for everyone for sure. 

What I did like: the spicy tuna hand roll, singapore noodles, potato cake, salad, fried rice, and unlimited coke. 

What was ok: The lamb was not that hot, the creamed spinach was okay, and the sushi was dry. 

The price was pretty good given the fact that it included drinks and a ridiculous spread of food- including desert. But it wasn't all high quality, hot food. Wasn't as exciting as I thought it would be.

And can someone please explain to me the weird game they have going on with the numbers?笑
Went here last Saturday around 5 and there were only several people in line. It was my first time here and of course it was delicious. I love the prime rib. It was so soft, juicy and very well flavor. Didn't like the Kobe beef that much. The flavor was bland and chewy. This buffet is cheaper than the one in Caesar about $10. Overall the food was amazing笑
For about $40, you are treated to a truly extensive variety of food.  Better than other buffets I've been to in Vegas, and I would say that it's even kind of intimidating.

Everything was GOOD.  I knocked off one star because nothing was exceptionally memorable.  The food is solid across the board, but there wasn't anything that stood out to me as wildly spectacular.  

Here are a couple of delicious items that I did really like:
+ Chilean sea bass = AMAZING.  I grew up on Chilean sea bass, and this is some of the best I've ever had.  YUM.
+ The desserts are all stand-out.  I especially liked the fruit tart with the giant strawberry on top.  Very good.
+ The cheese selection was good too.

Overall, a wide variety of seafood items, carved meats, hot entrees, appetizers, cheese selections, fruits, salads, and, of course, desserts.  I won't go into detail here, but I thought everything was pretty high-quality, and you're getting what you paid for.  It's a more expensive buffet, but that's because the selection is extensive, classy, and delicious.  

The other buffet I went to this time around was the Buffet at the Wynn.  I think if you're looking into this one or Wynn's, I would choose Wynn because Wynn had many more stand-out items (in my opinion) than Bellagio (I go into detail in my Wynn review).  

So, in conclusion: 4 stars for all-around tastiness, minus a star because I had to rack my brain to even remember the stand-out dishes.  It's a small complaint, but one that I thought I'd mention.  For a buffet, though, it doesn't disappoint!笑
This is the best buffet I've had so far in Vegas.  They had 2 different types of crab legs (King crab legs, and Apilio crab legs)  The spicy tuna poke and spicy tuna hand roll were excellent.  I didn't try the pasta as I was mainly there for the seafood and sushi and didn't want to waste space in my stomach for pasta.  The creme brulee was awesome (dessert goes in a different compartment, so there's always room)笑
We went there in party of 6 and waited time to actually seat by VIP pass was very long we could actually see the empty tables but there weren't aible to cleanup. So waiting time was really bad. As far as the food? It was Sunday lunch and the food choose was very limited. Maybe three types of food come on NO MEXICAN, NO CHINESS, NO ITALIAN food?? You got to be kidding me!!!! The California roll sushi was really bad so bottom line with the money you pay it's not worthed, save your money for other food buffet笑
OVERATED buffet!.  I saw the reviews, so I decided to check it out.. I was kind of dissapointed.  I felt there wasnt much of a variety of selections.  it seem most of the buffet consists of beef and crab legs.  I have to say I liked the chilean bass, vegetable chow mein.  kobe beef didnt taste good and the crab legs were salty.  I have to say this buffet has the best dessert though.  I find Rio buffet much better, especially in variety .笑
We went there on a Wednesday night, and not only did we have to wait over an hour in line, but they didn't have too many main-course vegetarian options, like tofu, veggie meat, loafs, etc. And a vegan definitely couldn't eat there, cause they'd have just fruit. Much of it was meat & side dishes to go along with the meat. I don't think i'd pay $36 again to eat overly-rich pasta, pizza & dessert, as a vegetarian. I probably ate about $5 worth of food, if that. The food was nicely presented though, and the staff friendly. They can't accommodate so many people in a timely manner. It's like a circus. I wouldn't go back because it's expensive, food options are limited for vegetarians, & takes WAY too long to get in.笑
I haven't been to the Bellagio buffet in years. But after eating the buffet at the Wynn so many times, I thought it might be time for a change. And I was right!

We came for Sunday brunch, which is about $26 after tax. You can also get champagne for about $4 more. They had prime rib, leg of lamb, bacon, and turkey at the carving stations and an omelet station. The highlights for me, were the prime rib, Chilean sea bass (curiously mislabeled as Florida Wahoo), and the polenta.

The desserts we're also very good, but nothing really stood out for me.

Props also to our server who was very attentive during our 3 hour feeding frenzy.

Pro-tip: The dinner switch off is at 4 PM, get in before 4 and pay lunch price to get the dinner only items like king crab legs!笑
ALL YOU CAN EAT. ANY TYPE OF FOOD YOU WANT. go here and be pleased. I had so many types of food, I can't even remember. They serve prime rib, and rotisserie chicken along with momosas. Go here for lunch, it's about $25, totally worth it!!笑
I was really excited about trying out the buffet there, because it gets such great reviews.  Maybe I went on an off day or something, or maybe I just got my hopes up too much, but it really was not that great.  There was a huge selection, but the food itself was just kind of "meh" and there was nothing that seemed better than a Hometown Buffet or something generic.  The casino itself is fantastically beautiful, and it was worth it just to check that out.笑
Nothing too surprising. If you figure you're going to get a filling breakfast with decent food and a hefty bill, you're right. Service was a little erratic -- we had a very attentive waiter at first, but then he went elsewhere, and we didn't have water refills for quite some time after that.笑
Ideally, I would have given only one star, but adding another one because the desserts were really good. Otherwise, the buffet sucks overall. 

After hearing so much about the Bellagio Buffet, we added it to the list of our "must-dos" in Las Vegas. Unfortunately, it fell grossly short of our expectations. 

First of all, the buffet is overpriced. I mean paying $25 for lunch without alcoholic beverages is a lot. The buffet surely has variety, but the menu options are poorly thought out and executed haphazardly. The pastas that we tried had a pronounced garlic taste, which I hate. The pizzas were nothing extrordinary.. There were not many Asian options other than sushi.. The shrimp had no flavor to it. I tried a duck dish, where the meat was undercooked.. Similarly, it had very few non-red meat options. 

The service was average.. not too good not too bad.. 

To add to all this, the hour-long wait to actually get to the buffet was definitely not worth it... By the end, my husband and I started feeling that our bucks would have been better spent in some fine dining restaurant, wven if it meant that we pay a little more..

To sum it up, folks,  the Bellagio Buffet is over-rated. Its not worth the price and the long lines.. Spend your time and money on something more fruitful and enjoyable..笑
I came here for lunch and it was a decent $21 for what I got. Though I would have loved to eat prime rib and crab legs, I think the cheaper price definitely made up for it.

Highlights:
- lamb leg was juicy and tender
- shrimp pesto pizza
- decent pastas
- shrimp cocktail
- sliders were tasty

Disappointments:
- spicy tuna hand roll was way too spicy
- rotisserie chicken was dry
- macaron filling was terrible. I ended up scraping it out and eating the outer layers
- waitress was inattentive

Overall, I would say that the food was good for the price I paid. I knew that I wouldn't get the really good stuff because we were only there for lunch so I think the Bellagio buffet was a success :)笑
If I'm going to pay $38+ for a buffet, I am expecting to have the best buffet experience of my life. Maybe I was expecting too much because this place was a massive letdown.

The spread was impressive in that there was a LOT of food available. The problem we found, is that nothing was that great. Nothing I tried was really bad either, it just wasn't worth filling up on when there were other options. We kept trying things, then moving on hoping to find something better but we never actually got satisfied. 

Specifically, the sushi rolls were below-average and the roast beef was just kinda 'meh". I was also surprised at how disappointing the Prime Rib was after reading about it online. Like everything else, not bad just not great.

Dessert on the other hand was another story. There's a nice assortment of desserts, so we spent the calories saved on our disappointing dinner on sweets.

If this buffet wasn't $40 I probably wouldn't be ripping it this much. However, If I'm gonna spend a lot of money and a lot of calories, it better be worth every bite. This was basically a glorified Old Country Buffet to us.

FYI we were here for Dinner--perhaps brunch would have been better.笑
Unfortunately our experience at the buffet was disappointing. The Kobe beef was well done and tough, the prime rib was also too well done, crab legs were frozen and my wife was told to go to another section to have them steamed, but they were still cold. At $21 a person we did expect more.笑
I'm not really much of a buffet person but we all came here for lunch before we left on Monday. Since it was a weekday, it was cheaper than the weekend prices. Only $20 for the lunch buffet. There wasn't a line, so we were able to go in and get seated right away. The waiter immediately took our drink ordered and we got up to get our food. 

Some of my favorites: scrambled eggs, jook, asparagus, mushrooms, the Korean style kalbi tri-tip, and the smoked salmon. Some of the things I did not like were: lamb, sushi, and the Vietnamese spring roll. Our favorite part of the meal was that we had lined up over 10 desserts and all took a bite out of all of them. YUM! 

Overall, I had a better experience here than at the Wynn buffet a couple years ago. But again, I'm not much of a buffet person (did you see that one of my favorites was the jook??). Service here was great - the waiter was nice enough to bring me non-dairy creamer for my coffee! Overall, not bad! I'm just glad they didn't penalize us for wasting food!笑
If they were stopping food they could at least tell everyone in line thats here for dinner.
We barely got the good stuff for our first plate and by the time we went for second round basically everything was shut down. This place would definitely receive full stars if they were to have more sashimi, prime rib, and whatever else that was good shutted down. We ended up eating full plates of crab legs and shrimps. 

I wouldnt mind giving this place a try again, just hope they would let their customers know when are last calls. -_-笑
My boyfriend and I arrived there at 3:30pm to eat dinner in order to aviod waiting in line for a long time, however, unexpectedly, there was no person at the entrance at all. Later, we got to know that some people bought brunch tickets and stayed until dinner so that they could eat more foods (especially some only provided in dinner) and save more money. Even though I do not recommend doing that, it still works--managers and waiters do not care about when you come in and leave, neither can they recognize you. The foods are various (e.g. snow crab legs, king crab legs, shrimps, salmon, beef, lamb ribs, et al., and the special is caviar) but the tastes are so-so. The Chinese foods are not classic and authentic at all! Some dishes are too greasy, some are too salty, and some are too insipid. However, it is not difficult to be full and eat good, and that is the reason why buffet is buffet.笑
This buffet is not worth the price.  There is a large selection but there is nothing exceptional, the food is all mediocre at best.  The service was also not worth the price many times we had nothing to drink.  Only plus are the desserts, they have some good ones.

My recommendation go to somewhere else and get your money's worth.笑
Good Buffet a wide assortment of Meats.  I really can not eat enough to justify the price $96 for two.  The buffet at Rio was $40 for two (with a pass you get at tickets tonight)  and it was just as good.  They both had duck, lamb, Prime rib, crab.  Higher end meats.  Not sure what else you would be paying for in the difference.笑
for 30 bucks for dinner, its worth it. but if you want superb, go to the wynn buffet or the rio village seafood buffet. only a couple things stood out, their braised beef and their salmon/cheese hors devours. other than that, it was alright. some of the food tasted a little salty. i wouldnt mind going back but to me its not "a must" buffet.笑
Be warned: for Sunday brunch, the line here can be absofuckinlutely ridONCULOUS, that you will say, "this aint worth waiting in line for."

Aside from that, the line wasn't too too bad when we got there (around 11), even though the banged up broads in front of us were all hung over and I could FEEL them rolling their eyes behind their giant Chanel sunglasses, clutching their waterbottles, pushing their glasses up on their glossy, sleek heads and giving me and my buddy the stink eye.  I was much more amused by the cougars further ahead of us talking about their football bets.

Once inside, you pay the 24 bucks for the brunch (28 if you want champagne, still a bargain).  The food is excellent, the options endless - it's what you should get at a Vegas buffet.  The only drawback to buffets is the gross people that often come to them - what is the fascination of sneezing behind me? H1N1, anybody, or am I just being paranoid? 

I will close with this great quote, stolen from another yelper: "treat everyone as if they have swine flu or syphilis."  I hope that don't deter you from the Bellagio Buffet - it is really good.笑
This definitely gets 5 stars compared to the other establishments we've dined at over the weekend. The food was exceptional. Everything tasted better than expected. The variety was borderline overwhelming. Having gone to other buffets, this definitely has the best food. Nothing was dry or tasted bad. Dessert selection was amazing and everything was savory and moist. Being a vegetarian, there was A LOT of variety, and you didn't need to waste time searching for the food. Would highly recommend. It was a bit pricey, around 85-90 for two people (no alcoholic drinks included). But the restaurant itself was really nice and the service was great. 
Take a stroll in the gardens after and grab a drink at Lily bar :)笑
Lots of variety. Wish they had more sushi variey though.  This buffet is particularly good if you love meat and other protein products as they have quite a selection. Loved the desserts here. Food quality was average.  Overall, a decent buffet.笑
Very nice looking place and while not the largest of buffets, the food here at lunch time was of good quality and the price wasn't bad, considering that Bellagio has the image of being one of the bigger time hotel & casino places.  About $20ish I think.

The staff here I think were very professional in getting everyone seated politely and swiftly and I swear at times I didn't even realize anyone had refilled my drink, so subtle and attentive as they were.   I had no  complaints at all about this place other than I didn't bring my "A game" appetite to give the food here a major go.  Which means...as Aaahnold would say, "I'll be back!"笑
Not impressed. I've been around the block with buffets on the strip in Vegas and The Buffett at Bellagio was not terrible, but not great either. 

$85.98 for two for Sunday brunch with bottomless mimosas ($30/person, $12.99 mimosas). For this price I was looking forward to at least average to decent food, but I had a hard time taking more than one bite of the foods I put on my plate. 

Let's start with their meats - prime rib, ham, and turkey. The prime rib was the most disappointing of all. It was dry and salty. The friendly lady behind the counter offered to bring me a fresh cut price, which I waited for, but even then, it was still super dry and not tasty. The ham and turkey alike were both dry, but not bad.

Breakfast carbs - pancakes, French toast, and Belgium waffles. The pancakes were not bad. They were smaller than average, about the size of my palm, which I think is a good size. It was not too moist and mushy, or dry. The French toast was filled with chocolate hazelnut spread and bananas, which sounds really good, but I think they've been sitting under the lamp for too long because it was extremely mushy and the crusts were hard, solid hard. The Belgium waffle alike was disappointing. It was dry and hard, too hard for me to even bite into.

Dessert - carrot cake, key lime tart, and raspberry macaron. The carrot cake was good. I really liked it, moist and creamy. The key lime tart was neither very limey nor sweet. It was just a little bland. The raspberry macaron was just a fail. It was wayyyy to hard and the filling wasn't the yummy chewy texture, but was the hard chewy. I felt like my jaw was having a battle with the filling. 

When I went to The Buffet at Wynn for brunch, I paid the same price, but their food was just so, so much better. I mean this wasn't horrible, but I probably won't come again.笑
Thank you. Everything was wonderful. The earlier the smaller the crowds and the food is always amazing. I wish my friends would have allowed me to enjoy it all at a slower pace.笑
This was our favorite buffet from our recent trip to Vegas. Highly recommend if you can make it on a weekday for lunch and stay thru dinner.

Food: Love the selection and presentation of food. The standouts for us were the prime rib and Alaskan king crab legs. We didn't care for the Kobe beef at all so I would advise skipping that. And the desserts were HEAVENLY. Loved the mini pecan pie, fruit tarts and creme brulee the best. We asked for carrot or pineapple juice but apparently they only have it for breakfast. (You can get it all day when playing on casino floor - the carrot juice is WONDERFUL here.)

Service: Our server was very sweet and attentive throughout our meal. Drinks were refilled often and plates cleared regularly.

Tip: Lunch/Dinner swaps out around 3:30pm so come a little before that and pay the lunch price ($21.99 on M-F) but get the dinner selections saving you about $11 per person! Just make sure don't cut it too close on time as the line can get pretty long, especially on weekends. (If you have a pearl or above Mlife card, you can go to the VIP line.)笑
Not impressed food was cold crawfish was god awful, food was just poor quality not worthy of the money. It's just famous because of the name, Good service however笑
Fan-freaking-tastic.  I thought the line was kind of long when we arrived around 10 am, but when we left at noon it was insane.  So, if possible, try to get there a little early, but the sushi might not be out yet.  And if you can handle it, definitely spring the extra $10 for the mimosas.  The servers are pouring those things like there's no tomorrow - and not much OJ either.  I love the breakfast buffet, and this place had pretty much everything - eggs benedict, omelet station, tons of pastries and fruit, prime rib - even rack of lamb (which I was kind of scared of).  The atmosphere is what you would expect for a buffet, but I thought the food stations were much fancier (I suppose it is the Bellagio, after all), and a great value in Las Vegas for $30/person (might have been even less).  The huge line seemed to move quickly, but I definitely didn't feel rushed once we were in there.  I wish I could go every morning.笑
It's been a while, but I definitely remember this buffet being really good. Honestly can't go into specifics because it's been too long, but this was definitely my favorite buffet in Vegas before Bacchanal opened up. Owe it to yourself to go and enjoy it!笑
I ate here for brunch on Sunday. The wait wasn't short (around 45 mins) but if you've ever been to Boiling Crab, you won't worry about the line.

$25 for regular brunch/lunch or $30 to add champagne, which isn't bad at all.

I wouldn't recommend eating any carbs here - french toast, waffles, bread, cheese blintz etc. No, not even the banana stuffed french toast. They're all so meh - like i'm sure you could make better ones yourself. The custom omelets were fine but they definitely overdo the cheese. Skip the breakfast sausage - they look delectable but they're so tough and very dry (sad panda). Regular bacon was solid though.

Definitely go for the fish (Bluenose and Salmon) and any of the hand-carved meats (Prime Rib, Hand-Carved Bacon). Don't bother with the Green Curry Duck, though - looks disgusting and no taste whatsoever. Breakfast sausage was terrible and dry. The spicy tuna hand rolls were tasty. Desserts are typical buffet quality with the chocolate eclair being the standout.

Couldn't tell you about the salad - that's what we Asians call, "a waste of money and stomach space." if you're going to a buffet, keep your eye on the prize, don't 'rest your stomach' for too long and hold your bread, rice and pasta until the end. Remember, you're there for the meat and seafood (aka: the expensive stuff). Vaya con dios.笑
better than most buffets in vegas.  

skip the dessert unless you really love sugar... like lots of them!笑
KING OF KINGS!  the Bellagio has been holding it down FOREVER

winners
SEA BASS- GO and EAT first!  I always forget and grab a piece when im stuffed and so mad i forget how good it is!  So sweet, soft, succulent.  this ALONE makes it a winner.  Thinking about the sea bass wants me to fly out there and eat again!  Im a meat guy so the fish is a WINNER
lamb-nice
jalapeno jelly- hot and sweet
crab legs- cold, but sweet
smoked salmon-so fatty! so good!  OMG! another memorable favorite

ok
caviar

bad
beef wellington-sorry bro, but you guys just suck at making it.  you never had it good so im not going to hate.  just avoid it or get a tiny piece.
hand roll-fish did not taste great
sushi-stop using the rice machine.  the fish was not on point.  sad :( *normally the sushi here is great笑
Food was 10/10 but there was a minor blunder in service. Our server just disappeared. I kept craning and twisting my neck to look for him cuz we needed more drinks. I eventually called the manager and told her. So she sent another server. Turns out that the servers had switched tables so my original server was serving other tables now and his replacement server had no idea that she's supposed to be serving us. The new server was very nice and it was a happy ending.笑
Awesome Breakfast Buffett. I really enjoyed the omelette. Nice variety. We went in a Wednesday Morning at 9:45 and there was no wait time. $45 for two people.笑
Just Do it! I have never seen so many QUALITY options at buffet in my life. The sushi in particular was melt in your mouth amazing. 2 kinds of poke! I'm not a big desert person, but save room! The pastries looked too good to be true. Its not cheap by any means, but its on par with what you would spend at any decent establishment in Vegas.

Pros
High quality ingredients
Variety
Presentation/Execution

Cons
I felt like I needed a wheelchair when I was done!笑
We ate the dinner buffet here about an hour before closing. I was not impressed with the quality of the food for the price. The only thing really noteworthy were the desserts. Perhaps lunch is a better option. I would not return again for dinner though.笑
The King of Buffets...has been dethroned.

Just like the way it is mandatory for me to sit down to a good game of Blackjack when I am in Vegas...chowin' down at an all-you-can-gorge buffet is also a must-do on the Sin City itinerary.

Since I was of pre-gambling age, the Bellagio has reigned supreme as "the" buffet to eat at.  With their vast array of seafood, carved meats, entrees, and desserts...It has always been gluttony at its best...That is until now.

Our most recent chow-down at the Bellagio was somewhat less-than-spectacular.  Somehow they seemed to have cut down on there seafood offerings.  Shrimp cocktail is still offered, but not a single Alasakan king crab leg was in sight when we went for Sunday brunch.  Entree selections are plentiful...but nothing was too special.  Desserts have also gotten quite mundane.  Overall experience was a 3.5 STARS.

In comparison to our recent experience at the Wynn, we have to say that "the" premiere Vegas buffet is now "The Buffet" at Wynn.  Until Bellagio tunes up its buffet...our money and appetites will be resting with the Wynn.笑
the long is too line. 
the line is so long that you start twisting your words. it looks like a lot of food at your fingertips but it ain't all that. sure the selection is vast but don't get distracted by anything else. eat only the expensive things even if they are oversalted. it's still one of the most popular buffets. I prefer other places now like wicked spoon but I keep coming back here when I'm part of a group because it is still the most well known and on everyone's food bucket list. crab legs!笑
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! definitely my favorite buffet. There is everything here to eat. I usually go on the weekend for the champagne brunch but line is always very long. It was so long last time we had went that we jumped out of line and went somewhere else to satisfy our hunger. My recommendation is go early or go before you get hungry so that way when you finally get seated and reach the buffet you are will be ready to eat.笑
If you like to have buffet while you're in Las Vegas, we don't recommend going to Bellagio. Their website says the price would be $34.99, but after waiting over half an hour in line, they tell us the price is $48.99. Others waiting in line had also expected to pay $34.99. After the meal we will never visit again  because the food and environment are not worth this price!笑
It was ok.  For $75.00 for 2 for dinner it could have been a lot better.  Ok let me break it down 
     Italian food people.  Come on it's the freaking bellagio for gods sake I expected amazing lasagna and meatballs and chicken parmigiana and garlic bread and polenta but what was I offered. ... Sadly only meat ravioli in a mushroom cream sauce was blah and cheese tortellini tasted like chef boy r d.  The ceaser salad was not even close to ceaser. It was like watered down creamy Italian dressing.  
Plenty of delicious big yummy shrimp cocktail for all along with crab legs sliced with a band saw for easier eating.  The prime rib from the carving station sat on the plate untouched after one bite. Tasteless and tough.  
     The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is that the desserts were incredible. Choices galore from rich creamy delectable terimisu to melt in your mouth good chocolate bombs. All portioned perfectly small as to enjoy just enough to not overindulge. All in all I will try another restaurant in the bellagio next time but it won't be the buffet.笑
After missing the dinner buffet on a Saturday night due to the long line, we made it to the Sunday brunch buffet.  The trick about catching this buffet is that you get there late enough to enjoy the brunch foods, but stay long enough to enjoy the dinner foods too.

For example, my dining companion had her eyes peeled for the crab legs.  When they finally arrived at the very end of our long long meal, she made room in her stomach for the crab.  The poke and sashimi stuff started coming out later on too, and I gorged on that as well.  (It's not exactly the highest quality, but it'll do.)

Overall, buffets are what you make of them.  You overeat and you overeat more.  The good thing about this buffet is the huge selection of food and you're bound to find at least a few things you like.  Everyone in your party is bound to be happy, and that's the good thing.  

The question always remains though, did I eat my money's worth?  And sometimes you do, and sometimes you don't.  I try not to do the buffet thing anymore.  I don't think I'm getting my money's worth.  I think I rather pay more for quality than quantity.

Update: 04/24/07 - Last Friday I tried doing the Bellagio buffet again.  This time we went at 3:30, just in time to pay the lunch price ($19.95) but see the dinner goodies come out at 4 pm.  Dinner goodies include king crab legs, prime rib, kobe beef, etc.  Other honorable mentions include rack of lamb, creme brulee, caramel flan, chocolate-covered strawberries, shrimp cocktail, ceviche, and poke. 

Sadly, I'm an embarrassment when it comes down to buffets.  I know that I definitely didn't get my money's worth at all.  We stayed there for at least two hours and I could even eat twenty dollars worth!  I'll have to say no the next time I'm invited!笑
I do not understand the positive reviews for this place. It was a$54 (for two) buffet that should have been $10.

The buns on the sliders could have been used to pound nails. I actually tried to pierce one by striking it with a table knife. No chance. Hard boiled egg? The yolk was quite literally powder due to overcooking. Fish? Sponge. Actually sucked all the moisture out of my mouth, couldn't get the bite down without a lot of water. The rice? Just...don't. Really. Don't.

All of the dessert items I tried could have been bought at a grocery, and had better quality. Frankly, the desserts were the only edible items from the dozen I tried and even they were marginal.

It gets better.

I asked for an IPA. The waiter had no idea what an IPA was. I explained that it was a type of beer. "Oh, we have Bud Light, Stella, and (something else) for $14"  I told him that I'd have a water. "Good choice. Which was that again?"

"Water. Because there is no way that I'm going to pay $14 for a Budweiser."

"Oh"

I check later, since beers for that price aren't listed anywhere else in the hotel. I called the buffet and asked about beer prices. They are supposed to be 6-8 dollars.

Nice hustle, buffet waiter.笑
As far as buffet goes, this is probably the buffet that has most variety of food that you can imagine.  It ranges from salad to sushi to steak to Chinese food to Italian.  The dessert table just goes on and on and never stops.  The people who work there behind some of the buffet tables are probably actually chefs, or at least they look like chefs. 

However, just like any buffet, the taste of food is replaced by the huge variety of food--that means, you get a lot of choices but you don't really get just one piece of really good something.  It was impossible for me to try all the items on the buffet, but I did try enough I think.  I am glad that I went there to have the "best" buffet in town.  It was actually our first meal in Vegas.  Can't say that I was disappointed, but can't say that I was terribly impressed.  

Bottom line, it's a buffet.笑
I heard so many good things about buffets in Las Vegas. So when I was here for just one evening, I decided to try the one at the Bellagio. I read so many good things about it.

It was a Friday evening, so I was expecting the worst when it comes to wait time. However, the wait wasn't terrible. I waited approximately 30 minutes. After paying ($42 for weekend dinner), you're placed on a short line to wait for an available table. Drinks are included in the price.

There is an extensive selection of food available at the Buffet at Bellagio. I mainly lined up for king crab legs. There was plenty for everyone who lined up. The chefs will also heat up your crab legs if you don't like cold crab legs. I tried some of the other items, such as the beef roast, sushi, and pastas, however nothing really stood out. While looking around their extensive dessert selections, I was surprised to find a Paris brest. It tasted just as I expected.

Overall, not a bad place to have dinner if you want to stuff yourself silly. The food is good and they have something for everyone.笑
Decent price for a buffet in Vegas.  The line was not more than 30 minutes on a Thursday night.  The food was decent.  There was nothing incredibly delicious.  The server was attentive and cheerful.  

Good place to get your fat kid on.  There's a suggested 2 hour limit on your feasting though.笑
Come hungry!!! We came for lunch on a Monday. The food was really good, lots of choices including pizza, Chinese, salad, fruit, meat station, sushi, soups, pasta, and more. The dessert table was plentiful too. They had at least 10 mini dessert choices. Definitely recommend if in Vegas. The price was not bad at all for Vegas at $19.95 per person.笑
One word, amazing!  Where do I start, herb crusted prime rib was great, king crab legs were great, the sushi was fresh. They had a large selection for any appetite. Enjoy!!笑
$20 for the lunch buffet and well worth it!  I'll try to re-cap the really good selection:    pasta, pizza (delicious pesto shrimp pizza), ribs, roast turkey, roast beef, seafood (very fresh shrimp cocktail and ceviche), salad bar, all different types of fish (my fav is chilean sea bass which is super expensive - i think i ate about $20 worth), sushi (california roll, spicy tuna handrolls) seawood salad, omelette bar - made on the spot, all the standard breakfast items (bacon, eggs, sausage etc), chinese stir frys, fried rice, all sorts of soups from tortilla, chicken noodle soup to corn chowder and miso soup, full dessert bar with cakes, cookies, yogurt, fruit --- pace yoruself and scope out the whole area.  can't go to vegas without going to at least one buffet.. this one was is a good pick笑
Yesterday was my first time at this buffet and it was  excellent. The food was great. I enjoyed everything about it. If you go in the morning ask for Brenda she is the best server on the strip. I will definitely be eating here again next time I'm back. Thanks Brenda!笑
It just a BUFFET that is all I have to say about it it!
Actually they have way too much food but when you pay $30+ dollars they feel that they must overdo the amounts on feature.
I did not find anything to be outstanding in any way.
Would I go back......probably not but they already have my bucks!笑
I saw previous posts and thought Id point out that there are two lines for the fri sat sun dinner crab legs one to choose your legs and one to steam or warm them additionally the butter used is warmed too it was delicious! The peach and raspberry sorbet can be twisted and is to die for along wigh the gluten free chocolate cake. The prome rib was not to disappoint with the creamy horseradish sauce and grainy mustard!!!笑
I wanted to try this Buffet because it was featured on a Travel Channel special.  Did not live up to expectations.   It is highly over-rated and overpriced.  It wasn't bad, but the selection and food was not too impressive.   Also, they don't have crab legs for lunch!  If i had known that, I would have gone to another one of the strips buffets which serve crab legs all the time.笑
We had tickets for the Cirque Du Soleil show "O" which is at Bellagio Hotel so we decided to have their buffet for dinner. It was already holiday pricing, so dinner was $44.95 (regularly $36.99 USD) on a weeknight. We are not buffet people since we prefer quality over quantity. Luckily there was not much of a wait at 6:30pm and we were able to justify the price since they served king crab legs. It is served cold but you can ask them to heat it up. Also, when there is no line up, you can ask the servers to give you a plate full instead of grabbing it at the counter. They also served snow crab legs, mussels, and shrimps as other seafood choices. They had a good variety of food from a large dessert table, to a sushi bar which served handrolls and decent poke, a few meat carving stations including prime rib and rack of lamb, a salad bar, a pasta and pizza station, Chinese food, and a taco bar.笑
The variety of meat, desserts and fruits is not enough to cost that high price! Fruits were not that fresh and sweet. I think it over-cost for the buffet!笑
It's a Fancy Buffet - Lots of fancy items to choose from and it's all presented well. Went for the lunch - wait was minimal but it was busy. We decided we wanted to try Everything. And we tried - teaspoons of this and that... I think we got through most of it and we were pretty stuffed at the end.

Overall, it was just another buffet, presented nicely. Nothing spectacular or anything here that I would make a special trip here for if I were in Vegas. It was good, it was worth the money and it was big as all things go in Vegas, but it didn't taste like I'd expect food from a 5-star resort to taste. Fun experience and glad to say I've been.笑
i absolutely loved the variety of foods they had there, this is the buffet that actually turned me on to duck...who would've knew a buffet had that much power! :) so good at there twice when i was in vegas, lunch and dinner...can't wait to return. price is also pretty decent for everything they have to offer.笑
This used to be the best buffet on the strip, but it's since been outstripped (see what I did there?) by Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal. This is still one of the nicer buffets, but that's still not saying much considering all buffets make their money by serving food made with sub-par ingredients. This isn't a complaint limited to the Bellagio, it's just a fact of life. You always get what you pay for, even if you make sure to eat "your money's worth."笑
i've tried many a buffets in vegas on the strip and this one is definitely one of the top ones (just a notch below wynn). champagne brunch for $31 (incl tax), typical. 

carinavore:
a good variety of meats including lamb, prime rib, chicken wellington (YUM!). 

top of the morning to ya:
breakfast selections including scramble eggs, sausage, pancakes, lots and lots of breads. oatmeal, cereal. they had this hazelnut chocolate banana bread/sandwich grill that was super delish but also super sweet. i 

from the east to the west:
but i wish they offered a little more in their sushi bar. i did like their spicy tuna hand roll. the miso soup was a bit salty. white salmon, and red salmon sushi pieces were yummy. cold crab salad...mmmmm! roasted duck in soy sauce was absolutely to die for! lots of noodle and rice (plain and fried. curry, bok choy.

mi amore:
many varieties of pizzas, including a breakfast pizza (sausage and scramble eggs), pastas (definitely try the pesto pasta!).

vegetarian:
many salad to choose from. make your own or have a serving of their fresh tossed cesars salad. fruits including melons, pineapples, strawberries. i tried one of their cold salads which had barley and pieces of roast duck....it was soooooooo good!

sweet tooth:
lots of desserts, many cakes and cookies. FLAN was my favorite. two flavors of ice cream and two flavors of sorbet or frozen yogurt....couldnt tell. 

the service was really nice, you know...those ladies that bring you your drinks and takes your plates away. tip them well ppl!

oh! and i won $10 playing keno while eating! now thats vegas style! =)笑
This is my third time hear and I've been pretty satisfied with service and food.  The quail and the tuna poke was especially good.  I think this is one of the best buffet in Vegas.  I think its probably the best bang for the buck.  $40 is a little expensive but all 3 of my experiences were great so no complaints here.  Its a solid 4 star.  I recommend trying it at least once if you dont know what buffett to choose.笑
We are not very impress at all with the selection and the taste. We are currently sitting here and trying to enjoy our time here. I would not recommend it if you are trying to find a good selection of food. I expected better for the price being near to Bacchanal Buffet.  Our server is really nice and has been doing his rounds.笑
We just finished up with their weekend brunch. All I have to say is "meh". I knew it wasn't going to be mind blowing, but I was hoping it would at least be half way decent...especially on Superbowl Sunday. The assortment of pastries, desserts,  pancakes, and waffles were endless. However, there were hardly any noteworthy hot savory food items to speak of. The scrambled eggs were dry and bland. The prime rib was dry and extremely overcooked. The mash potatoes were too whipped. The chicken noodle soup had no noodles in it...just minced carrot. There were no cooked veggies on premise besides some Chinese broccoli. I could go on and on. The only thing that I enjoyed was the coffee, the blueberry cheesecake , and the very friendly service. I will be heading to Cesar's Palace Bacchanal Buffet tonight to make up for my extreme disappointment here today.笑
I went to this buffet at around 7 and after reading all the awesome reviews I was really looking forward to it. I'm not sure what the deal was but almost everything was absolutely not worthy of the rating it has right now. 

There's a decent selection of food, from Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican and uh, steaks.

The steaks were really hit and miss. If it was rare enough then it wasn't bad, but it wasn't really seasoned enough so prepare to drown it in Au jus or gravy. Every other time it was an extremely well done piece of leather. When you accompany that with wrong labelling (ie. Kobe Roast Beef which was just regular roast beef [an extremely lean one at that]) you have an even worse experience. 

The Italian pastas and pizza were okay. They were probably my favourite, but I didn't really want to load up on tortellini all night.  The brocelini was really good. 

The Japanese was also hit and miss. If you don't eat any of the rice, then the fish alone wasn't bad. They had tuna and salmon nigiri and a handful of mixed rolls and viet fresh rolls. The thing that bothered me most was the nigiri rice. It's not the right type of rice, it isn't seasoned properly and it's shaped with some sort of rice ball machine that makes it taste like rice paste afterwards. The seaweed salad was pretty good though.

I honestly didn't touch the Chinese and in terms of the Mexican, the paella just had the taste of salted rice, and the slew of poached fish was extremely dry and overdone as well.  I didn't try the made to order tacos.   

The crab legs come in king and snow varieties. I'm not sure if this is their fault, but I found them kinda powdery in terms of texture. Maybe it's because I think they use a band saw or something to cut them in half. 

There was a nice selection of deserts ranging from ice cream to cakes to flans. In my opinion the flans were way too sweet, the cakes had no personality (cheesecake tasted like cream and the tiramisu tasted like crappy coffee and nuts with cream).  The macarons (not macaroons btw) looked and tasted like they came out of a box and were the hardest things in the world. 

Either way, I didn't exactly pay for this dinner as it was a comp. at 37 dollars, I would NEVER recommend anyone pay this for a mediocre buffet. Unless you can prove me otherwise I would advise to stay away.笑
My son and I went there for lunch yesterday.  The food was pretty good.  It's a bit pricey, but when you're in vegas at a casino, there's nothing cheap right?  $42 dollars for both of us.  I think we probably could have found an off strip steakhouse and eaten better for less.  But hey, we're on vacation right?  I did manage to subsidize some of the meal by handing out some $10 dollar lap dances to some passing women (okay, and one guy, but he was dressed like a woman and I didn't know until I was halfway through the dance).  I don't want to talk about it anymore.  :-)  In a nutshell, it's good, lots of selection, but for the money if you're just wanting lunch and not to "gorge" yourself.  Find a nicer sit down restaurant off the strip.笑
Was a pretty satisfying buffet due to the coupon I had. Salmon, salmon poke, the prime rib, desserts, and crab legs were pretty good. Staff were very easy going and friendly would return here to eat again笑
Love the buffet here.  Ate a ton of crab legs that have been cut in half for u already.  Other than that, no complaints

The line to this buffet is super long on any given day. It is what it is.   Nuff Said.笑
As we waited in the horrendously long line here, I sarcastically said to my girlfrind, attempting to make her feel twangs of guilt for pumping this up and making me walk a mile and wait for ages in the heat, "mmmm...I cant wait for the muffins, eggs benedict, omlette, oh and rack of lamb, chicken curry, sushi, fresh fruit, smoked salmon, apple crisp, duck, pork tenderloin, trout, ice cream, cookies, pizza....." you get the point. I was seeing mirages I was so effing hungry.

Well, we finally made our way in, and guess what was there...muffins, eggs benedict, omlette, oh and rack of lamb, chicken curry, sushi, fresh fruit, smoked salmon, apple crisp, duck, pork tenderloin, trout, ice cream cookies, pizza...and SO much more.  I mean, I have never seen such an ecclectic array of  food in one place. And you know what? It was quality too! And let's not forget the all you can drink mimosas!!  Sure, we were cut off after about 7 or 8 a pop, but even I will admit that's pushing it... Let's be serious, we ate rack of lamb, duck, and so much more with that many drinks-all for $30!!!

Oh and by the way, you can skip the line if you're willing to eat at the bar. If you need to eat (and drink) your hangover into oblivion, then look no further.笑
Where do I start, eggs Benedict, Kobe beef, st Louis ribs, tortellini, Sliders, bread pudding, sushi, dessert bar, mussels, omg!!笑
I guess that I have to give the Bellagio Buffet 3 stars. Four of us returned to Las Vegas after an absence of several years.  We arrived on a Saturday. This is good news and bad news we thought. The bad news is that the price will be very high and the lines long. We expected the good news to be Ostrich steaks, Elk roast, Venison and many other excellent foods that we have previously enjoyed only at the Bellagio.  The Bellagip Buffet was ranked as one of the top few buffets in the world!  We were excited
When we arrived at the buffet we were surprised to find no line at all.  The price turned out to be even higher than we expected, that was off putting.  We paid, went in and grabbed our plates.  We found no exotic foods at all. Not the meats nor the delicious seaweed or any of my "only at the Bellagio" favorites.  We were told that these items have been removed from the menu along with other higher cost to the restaurant items. The price went up but the food got cheaper!
The food is still prepared well and is very tasty but the Bellagio is no longer even worth an honorable mention in Nevada, never mind listed as one of the best buffers in the world. Good food but not worth the cost. The old buffet will now be relighted to a memory of great feasts gone by.笑
We came at 6:30 pm on a weekday and waited over an hour in line. I guess we should had came earlier as we were not expecting it to be so crowded. The server was kind and efficient, he filled our drinks up multiple times and kept the table clean. There was a good selection to choose from - steak, prime rib, salad, fresh fruit, shrimp, Chinese, and the favorite of the night - snow crab legs! My partner and I had the snow crab most of the night. There was a nice dessert section as well. We paid $80.01 for the two of us and we also left $5 for the server. Overall, we would come back to the Bellagio Buffet but next time we will plan on coming early to avoid the long wait.笑
I ate at Bellagio Dinner Buffet during weekday w/MyVegas BOGO dinner $38.92 with no lines at 5pm.  By 6pm, the buffet place got busy with people waiting in lines or kids running around while their parents have no care in the world.  I am glad we got a table close to the buffet station near the cheese area.  Our waiter was pleasant and very good on refills.  During dinner time, kobe steak, prime rib, roasted chicken, turkey, chorizo sausages, ham, crab legs, cray fish, Mexican tacos, fried rice, chow mein, bbq buns, mash potatoes, polenta, salad, soup, pizza, broccolini, etc.  I think there wasn't enough Italian food, Mexican food.  They need to add gelato or ice cream to the dessert area.  I do like their petite brownie and pecan tart was good.  Overall, my experience at Bellagio buffet is average.笑
We came to this buffet because it billed as the best buffet in town at the time.  We were extremely disappointed because all the food was at the wrong temperature.  The food that should be hot was only slightly warm and the food that should be cold was only slightly chilled.  The flavors would have been good if severed right and that only added to the disapointment,  We walked away wanting our money back and vowing never to return.笑
The Bellagio Buffet gets 5 stars because this is truely "as good as it gets" in terms of buffets in Las Vegas.  If you have never been to this buffet you must go.  The selection of food is always fresh and high quality.  

Like all the other reviews say the wait here can be very long.  I went and waited 40 minutes but it is incredibly worth it.

The service is pretty attentive and they will get you any drinks you want.  During brunch they usually offer $5 all you can drink Mimosas which is the perfect way to start the day in Las Vegas.  My drinks never ran low and there was no problem ordering coffee, orange juice, grapefruit juice, water, and of course the Mimosa all at once (it is a drink buffet too!).

The service at the buffet itself is great as well.  The omlette and waffle lines move fast and if you need something that you don't see you can ask any of the staff and they will get it for you.  (I couldn't find the yogurt at any of the bars so I asked a staff member and they brought it to my table for me.)

I never felt rushed to leave even after my 4th and 5th plate.  I found that to be a very unique quality at restaurants in Las Vegas especially buffets.

One complaint would be that it can get loud in here when large groups come in but it is better than the sounds of slot machines.笑
We did some snooping online for buffet after the Monte Carlo dropped the ball on us and made me very hesitant on trying another buffet on my birthday trip but OH MY MY! I just loved the food in here. 

The line to get in was only about 3 parties deep but it took us about 25 minutes to be seated which was really annoying. WTF? How hard is it to just tell people to sit and take their drink orders UGH...Nobody acknowledged our wait for the longest time with an apology or an "I'm sorry for the wait". Not cool or very professional for something inside a nice hotel like the Bellagio. I was expecting stellar service walking in and I don't think that was a very nice first impression of the place.

This place was very pricey but we got in line about 30 minutes prior to the dinner but paid the lunch price for the place. 

Some of the dishes that were available were: crab legs with butter, prime rib, mashed potatoes and gravy, tortellini, 4 different types of pizzas to choose from, some kobe beef, seared salmon. The array of desserts were some of my favorites. Little cappuccino pudding cups, coffee tiramisu, macaroons, creme brulee, flan....excuse me I'm starting to drool all over again. 

The place is pricey and I would have liked much more attentive service. I noticed the waiters were clearing a lot of tables thinking the customers were done only to have the patrons return to their table cleared and their drinks nowhere to be found. I also think the lighting had a really ugly yellow glow. It seemed kind of dim and boring.笑
Generally this is my second choose buffet. Usually for either the lunch before we leave or for a night if we already went to Caesars during the trip.

It is pretty good, the poke was amazing this time around and the prime rib was on point. The price is reasonable aswell.

I would recommend that they step up their soup game as they use up so much space for it. It would be also a great pairing for their bread as there is a ton but no one really touches it.笑
I dragged my friends to the Bellagio buffet because it was rated one of the best buffets in vegas.  After a torturous 45 min wait, we finally got a table.  The selection was all right.  We went to the Bally's buffet earlier in the week because some locals claimed it was the best bang for the buck.  So I was looking forward to a higher end buffet.  

The selection was much better than Bally's.  My favorites were the kobe beef, lamb, crab legs, and the Chinese lo mein.  My friends claimed the kobe beef was on the salty side but it was pretty good by my standards.  Nothing really blew me away.  The sushi selection was disappointing.  I liked how they cracked open the king crab legs.  Less work.  I thought the dessert selection was pretty nice.  The chocolate chip on top of my cheesecake had Bellagio written on it.  Amused me for a second.  

The Bellagio buffet was all right.  I was debating whether it deserves 3 stars or 4.  If I could I would give it a 3.5, but I'll be nice and round up to 4.  Next time I will try the Wynn.笑
We went here after a night of dancing and drinking, so this was definitely a must. I had heard great reviews about this place, plus it's the Bellagio! Walking in around 11 a.m., there was already a line. The line went pretty quickly, though, and we were in the buffet around 11:15 a.m. It was about $80 a couple (so $40 a person), which I thought was pretty steep but at the same time, the food was fresh, hot, and our service just for drinks was phenomenal. I think it was also a little more expensive since we ordered bottomless mimosas. There's an assortment of food. The standard scrambled eggs, potatoes (both mashed and just by itself), bacon, sausage, eggs benedict, different kinds of toasts, a random Chinese food table with chow mein, fried rice, and other stuff that I chose not to get, a seafood table (I'm pregnant so I couldn't get any of the seafood), a table for steak, a dessert table with little tarts, and a fruit/salad table. I had the eggs benedict, scrambled eggs, creamy mashed potatoes with gravy, some of the Chinese food, sausage, and obviously dessert. I wasn't a huge fan of the Chinese food or the sausage, but the scrambled eggs were perfect - they weren't dry! And the eggs benedict was awesome, even for a buffet. The hollandaise sauce was perfect! I also loved the key lime pie tart and cheesecake. They also had soft serve- chocolate, vanilla, raspberry sorbet and something else. I had a small bowl of soft serve with sprinkles. Our server was always there filling our coffee, coke, mimosas, and bloody mary, so we were pretty much set. I left feeling more than full and satisfied.笑
i don't consider standing in line for a buffet the pinacle of a civilised life but this is a great buffet.  i think buffets are bad-- you eat more than you normally would because it is "all you can eat" v. "all that you should eat"  the food was amazingly delicious and i ate way more than i should have.  the champagne--rather their sparkling was out of place--it was a not very nice bottle of California sparkling-- if no one else noticed i did.笑
I visit the Buffet at Bellagio every time I'm in Vegas. My favorite meal is Brunch, but their weekend dinners are great too (just more expensive).  The food here is always spectacular - from variety to quality - they have it all.  My favorites are the prime rib, the fresh sushi and handrolls, and caviar.  My only complaint about the Buffet is that it's very crowded and dark - it makes me feel like I'm eating at an Old Country Buffet.  They really need a good remodel to compete with the atmosphere at Caesar's or Wynn (but the food is better at Bellagio).笑
Food here is incredible. Everything was delicious. There is NOT one thing that I didn't like about this buffet. Everything is cooked fresh. Meats are cooked in font of you. The grilled salmon was my favorite. So many options to choose from. Lines get like pretty long, worth the wait tho. Perfect anniversary dinner!笑
I'm not a fan of buffets, even fancy Vegas buffets.  This is still probably the better ones there.  Do not go to the Luxur buffet, ever.  It's even worse.  I heard the buffet at Mandalay Bay is the best though which I'll have to try someday.

Of course to be "efficient" in the Asian sense means to eat only meat and seafood.  Do just that!  And then go outside to watch the water show.  I could stand there for hours.笑
There is nothing special about this place. The line was super long which was of course what we had expected for lunchtime. I usually eat like a boar who has not been fed for days when I am at a buffet but this time I did not. I only ate three plates! It's not that I did not enjoy the food, the food selection was very limited. I like meat and they did not have much meat. Also, the dessert section was pretty big - YES they looked really good and I couldn't wait to try their desserts but they just did not live up to my expectations. The only dessert that I liked was the cheesecake, but everything else just looked good in my eyes in the beginning, but the taste was not quite there.笑
To me, the Bellagio's buffet is the piece de resistance of buffets.  Everything you could ask for -- prime rib, shrimp, crab legs -- nicely laid out and easy to access and locate.  And attentive service.

It's the priciest of the strip buffets, so be prepared.  And it's even more on a holiday.  Come hungry.笑
Came here to eat brunch Mon 5/30/11;  I was expecting it to be around $17 but I was wrong. But I think they run special pricing due to memorial weekend. 

There are plenty of cold seafood... The usual crab legs, shrimps. Hot food : mediocre or bad Chinese food. They have porridge but the toppings are: pork sung, green onion, soy sauce. What kind of porridge is that????

As for porridge I think Wynn's porridge was better. The Chinese food section only has hot n sour soup, won ton soup, pineapple fried rice, and some fish. 

The breakfast section is big.. Filled with the usual suspect cheese blitz, pancake, waffle, French toast, eggs, sausage etc.

Carving has honey glazed pork belly again it's not as good as wynn's it's drier... 

If I'm to spend the same amount I suppose I'll go to Wynn's :)笑
There's a large variety of food to pick from and it's mostly good. We usually eat at this buffet every time we go to Vegas because it's one of the better ones.  This trip however I started noticing how old it's getting. The booths are getting really worn and dirty. But what I really noticed were areas in the buffet that reek of a sour smell. It was most noticeable in the sushi area. Sort of gave me some hesitation on whether to continue to eat and risk some sort of stomach ailment. Luckily nothing happened.笑
The buffet was a HUGE disappointment. Mom kept going to the Bellagio from the Venetian to check on the buffet line (on both Saturday AND Sunday). She and Dad were expecting king crab and all sorts of other good things to eat, but there was nothing of the sort when we got into the buffet. At $27 per person, it's just not worth it. Add $6 for a glass of champagne for each person.

There's an assortment of breakfast items such as: scrambled eggs that looked like they had been scraped off the floor and dumped into a bucket after someone had puked on them, greasy sausage links, bacon, a tasteless banana-hazelnut sandwich, mini waffles, muffins (sugar-free is NOT good, and Dad claimed that the sugar-"ful" version was alright) and pastries. There are also slices of smoked tuna and salmon (which weren't too bad), large shrimps, prime rib, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, etc. It really surprised me that there was even some pretty stringy-looking chow mein there... it didn't taste too bad, though. Mom said that the fried rice was good, but after the first plate (which I only filled with five small lumps of food; Dad claimed I was making my own gourmet meal), I didn't want to go back for any more. Mom also advised not to drink any miso soup because it was pretty salty.

Dad knew I'd make a beeline for the beautiful desserts (I waited until the second plate!). As pretty as they were, that was about it. There was a pear-chocolate layer cake (absolutely gorgeous), but it didn't taste like much.

The waitresses were really friendly though, and were quick with bringing us drinks (champagne, cranberry juice, coffee, grapefruit juice, and orange juice).

When we returned to the car, Mom asked me to "go on that site and give the Buffet an F". This one's for you, Mom!笑
We decided to pick Bellagio buffet because of the Yelp review, however, after trying it, we weren't impressed. 

We were there early for dinner to avoid the line, however, we still waited for 20 minutes. I was told it could've been worse.  

There was a large selection of food, but very few ones really stood out. We liked the steamed mussels with the spicy sauce, the salmon sashimi, and some small side dishes. 

I was especially disappointed at the crab legs, they weren't as fresh and they were quite small. It was a let-down to me. 

The dessert were mediocre as well. I didn't try the meat dishes, since I am not a fan of poultry dishes. 

The interior was a bit old and crappy. It was certainly not the modern and classy design we would hope for. 

The price was alright. The service was quite slow. The wine was okay, though. 

Overall, we were not impressed with the food and service there.笑
5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!

4 of 5 Went here for lunch on a friend of mine's dime. That's the only way to do it baby! Kidding...

I had just had the Paris buffet in the morning, so I wasn't feeling too hungry... So I really only ate the three cheese ravioli  and the beef ravioli. I tried some sushi California rolls, gelato And some cheesecake. They only had tri tip roast at the time, so I didnt get any red meat other than what was in the beef ravioli.

By beef ravioli I really mean tortellini I think.

The server was great, very attentive and pro active. 

Anyway, good food, good dessert and good service.笑
I remember coming here as a child, and it was the best buffet in the world! 

It really isn't bad for $20 lunch.. that's a lot cheaper than most of the restaurants in Vegas. They have a good variety of breakfast food. The prime rib was definitely the best part. The sushi, on the other hand, didn't look that great.

I'd say it was just... OK. service was good as usual笑
I came here to try it out cuz people said its one of the best buffet on the strip, but I don't think so.
Paying $80 for the good that doesn't even taste that good it's not really worth it. I rather go to fine-dining restaurant. I guess Buffett is just never good笑
I expected the food to taste better. I got a $5 coupon for the buffet at a smaller much cheaper hotel in Vegas and didn't go in expecting much but it was decent, The Buffet at Bellagio was not much better than the $5 buffet but cost $25. The pre made eggs looked so bad I didn't dare, the bacon looked microwaved, the pastries were hard, and there were not enough breakfast choices. Half the buffet were lunch choices at 8am. I would have given it one star but I like the location.笑
um, i was a bit disappointed by this place. maybe i was expected better? they just didn't have a lot of different things. also, they only had shrimp- no oysters, crab legs, etc. that's what i really wanted to cram in. I thought everything was pretty mediocre too. the only real high point was the harney and son's tea they provide. oh ya, the wait staff was really nice too笑
In absolute terms, this is a fairly good buffet. But given the amount of people that were waiting in line (absurd) and the talk it gets, it was a bit of a downer. Much of the food, even the Sushi, is of slightly lower quality than an all you can eat in Staten Island. I'm not knocking it, but given the context of a world class casino in Vegas then it's less than one would expect. That being said, they put a lot of work into their desserts and that very much matches the level I expected. The waiting staff is also high quality, despite a hectic scene they will still stop and have a conversation with you.笑
Wanna stuff your face with prime rib and sushi but don't want to pay an arm and a leg for it?  Looking forward to experiencing gourmet cuisine but strapped for cash? Did you notice how those two prior sentences are a bit redundant? Way to go my keen Yelp observer/reader.. Fasten your seatbelts. I'm about to gun it to 88 mph and tell you about my experience at the Bellagio buffet a while back cause we're were going there are no roads.... Just fucking LINES. 

You're probably thinking... Which Vegas buffet is the best? 

*The new contender is the "M" Buffet which is located off the strip but personally I feel that place is just Hype. Seriously, stay on the strip. The top three buffets in my opinion are Wynn, Bellagio, and the Rio Seafood buffet. Though, the Bellagio buffet always gets me weak in the knees for a bit and let me tell you why... 

Wait: Depending on what time you go you might expect to wait for a bit. Though, no worries... Magic tricks, riddles, and rubiks cubes usually past up the time... If that doesn't work then just know that you're about FEAST like a King. It's not too bad. I've never waited more than 15-20 mins. It goes fast cause remember after all you're in VEGAS BABY. VEGAS! 

Price: 

Breakfast $15.95
Monday - Friday | 7:00am - 11:00am

Lunch $19.95
Monday - Friday | 11:00am - 4:00pm

Dinner $29.95
Sunday - Thursday | 4:00pm - 10:00pm

Gourmet Dinner $36.95
Friday - Saturday | 4:00pm - 10:00pm

Weekend Brunch $24.95
With Champagne $29.95
Saturday & Sunday | 7:00am - 4:00pm


If you're feeling like optimizing the most out of your buffet experience and want to save your Cheddar for the tables or the bars than just do it the  "The Poor Asian Man/Frugal way...."!!

*The trick is to get there at 3:30pm. I'd recommend getting there at 3:15 so you can pay for the lunch price and sample the lunch menu items but then stay till when they switch the items for dinner. So essentially you get to eat lunch/dinner all the price for lunch which is 19.95. EVERYONE WINS. 

Food: Everything and anything your fat ass desires. Prime rib, sushi, lobster ravioli, fruit platters, Chinese, Italian, American. Ridiculous. 

*If you're in competition with your boys while at the Bellagio buffet for total male supremacy please note..

**Taking a dump in-between the meal automatically decreases the inches on your penis and since I don't have any to spare left I usually drop the kids at the pool post buffet. Though, the satisfaction of knowing that you beat your peers? How much is that worth? That is well worth the satisfaction of a great memory with your boys and some sharp pains in your stomach for the rest of the night. Enjoy folks. See you at the BUFFET LINE. 

Sincerely your friend in time, 

JY笑
My girlfriend and I came in around noon on Monday for lunch. I purchased one lunch pass and used a comp through myvegas card for the second pass. The cashier rang it up as two transactions. The first through the myvegas pass and the second on my credit card.

Once seated, our server took our drink order and looked at my receipts. She then claimed that I had only paid for one person and needed to buy another pass. I pointed out that I used a comp for one person and paid using my credit card for the second, hence the reason why I received two receipts.  She then instructed us to stay seated until she got someone else to look at it.

A few minutes later, our server brought who I assume was a supervisor that said the same thing. I repeated the same story and pointed out our cashier and told them to ask her. The supervisor then asked if she could see our comp ticket to prove my story. At this point, I was getting visibly frustrated since it could've been easily solved if they walked 30ft to ask the cashier. I told them my comp ticket was taken by the cashier but I had two receipts each showing a pass for each person.

Eventually, they brought over the manager to the table. He asked what the problem was and the server told him that I only bought one pass. Before, I could get a word in, he told the server that he saw me use a comp and buy another pass for my girlfriend.  He then showed the waiter how on one receipt it showed comp and other where I paid.   Without apologizing, the waiter finally said we could get our food while she got us waters.  Later on, the supervisor came back and asked if we had bought another pass. Luckily, the manager was within earshot and told her everything was fine with our table.

At that point, we had completely lost our appetites.  A small error made by the server could've been really resolved if she read our receipts properly or checked with the cashier. Instead, neither the waiter or supervisor did this and we were accused twice of only paying for one person.  Our dining service was fine after that. She attempted to overcompensate by asking us if our table was too wobbly or if she could bring us additional silverware.  Not much would've to made up the experience to us at that point.

We didn't seem to be the only table to be having issues as another table a few rows over was accused of the same thing by a different waiter.  The same supervisor came over and told them that they had to vacate their seats. This table had already gotten their food and are forced to get up holding their plates and try to resolve the situation.  The entire group was visibly upset as a couple of them went back to their cashier to get her to resolve the problem. The same manager resolved the situation quickly but at this point their table was given to another party.  So a group of four people stood at the front of the buffet, each carrying a full plate of food, waited until another table opened up.

How was the food? I don't know. You could've feed me gruel and I wouldn't have been able to tell a difference.  We left in less than half an hour and didn't even finish three plates between the two of us. I guess being accused multiple times of trying to cheat the buffet killed the mood and our appetites.笑
It was a decent buffet.. Not many options for vegetarians.. Lots of quality sweets and cakes. Long weekend lines were ridiculous though.笑
Alright my fans ... I know it's been a LONG time since I've written a review. The holidays is over and I'm back!

Just got back from Vegas (again). I have to say...Bellagio "you complete me" OK so I was starving when I arrived in Vegas - only having eaten breakfast and snacking on some dangerous Trader Joe's Snowpeas. 

My friends and I decided to go grab dinner around 5ish to beat the crowd. And I'm glad we did. 

I started off with some pasta - beef ravioli and some tortellinis made with some walnut pesto sauce. YUMMMMY! Then I got some of the still bleeding kobe beef - roast or prime? same? I had some lamb chops (a bit dry), some king crabs (already sliced in half, PERFECTO), shrimp, sushi (Cali rolls), seaweed salad, etc. etc. 

Because it was Chinese New Year weekend, there were quite a few Asian dishes. The only Asian thing I ate was the spiked fruit (Lychee? or Rambutan?)

In terms of dessert - SO MANY to choose from. Luckily almost all were bite size. Makes me feel less guilty. 

Of the other Vegas Buffets I have been to: Wicked Spoon (at Cosmo) and Studio B Buffet (at M Resort) ... Bellagio is my favorite. Maybe it was because I was sober this time and I was really hungry & savoring every bite. Who knows??! I know one thing for sure - I will be back Buffet at Bellagio!笑
Came here on a Monday night where the Easter prices were still going on so we paid about 155 for 3 people. 
I think we waited about 25 minutes or so in line. They seat us and i grab a plate and scope out the buffet and it seemed like they had a pretty good selection. After trying different foods I realized I wasn't too fond of many dishes they had there. I enjoyed their fingerling potatoes, but I mean I didn't exactly pay that much to just enjoy a simple potato dish. 
The dessert selection was good, I always enjoy trying different desserts after a meal. They did do a good job with that aspect. 
Probably wouldn't come back but I'm glad I tried it out.笑
One of the worst buffets that I have been to in a casino. I only gave it 2 stars because I didn't get food poisoning.

The decor is terrible and it looks like a Denny's at best. It's definitely not what I would expect from a fine establishment like Bellagio.

I definitely recommend Wicked Spoon right next door at the Cosmopolitan if you are a foodie.笑
Went thinking they would have one of the best buffets considering where it is at.  All the food was average, crab legs frozen and desert was OK.  For the price it's a 1 star.笑
I've been here several times. Every time I come I am less impressed. The first time I came I was really impressed with the food! From what I heard this is the "Buffet" to try in Vegas. They have an excellent variety of foods and desserts. They have snow crabs, king crabs, steaks, prime ribs, beef wellingtons, chicken, fishes, pork, shrimps, mexican, italian, sushi, salad bar, dessert stations and much much more. If I would've reviewed this place the first time I came (just over a year ago), it would've been easily 5 stars. But my next visits it was kinda disappointing. Meats weren't great, food tasted bland, and not very enjoyable as my first time. I probably won't be coming back to this buffet anymore unless something lures me in.

Also, expect to wait in line for a solid 30 minutes!笑
Many options to choose from for dinner. Very crowded but that's expected. Took a while to get refills on drinks but that was due to our waitress having too many tables to handle, not her fault. My husband loved the crab and prime rib, which makes the price worth it in the end. Lots of pasta options for Italian lovers like myself. The atmosphere is clean and updated, I would def recommend this buffet.笑
Every food item you can possibly think of and more. This is the best buffet in Vegas and if you don't eat everything in sight until your gut busts open then you lose.笑
very busy, but that is expected being a buffet style restaurant off the strip. food was okay, nothing spectacular. service was hit or miss, some of the hostess's were very rude. the closer you get to the strip, the less the service staff cares about you.笑
I had hard time deciding to hit the Bellagio or Wynn buffet...I even asked the taxi driver and others for their preference. So, I ended up at Bellagio since it was closer to my hotel. We paid $28+gratuity each for dinner. 

It was a Sunday night at 7:30 PM. and the line was about 45 minutes deep. Overall, it was a great spread but not as upscale as I anticipated.  Just about everything I had was very good but still tasted like any other buffet I've had in Vegas. Which reminds me of a conversation I had with a taxi driver a few years ago. The driver said that the reason why most buffets in Vegas taste the same is that they buy their food from the same commissary...sort of like a Costco for hotels.  They just reheat it and add more dishes to make theirs different.  I don't know if that's true or not...but makes you wonder. BTW, the crab legs are served chilled..no hot crab in sight. The crab we got after our first batch was being served partially frozen which I did not care for...probably because they couldn't replenish it fast enough. However, I do like that they come pre-sliced lengthwise so they are easier to eat.

Also, I like that the restrooms are conveniently located inside buffet area.  Service was good and friendly. 

Tip: On your first trip to the buffet fill your plate with crab legs or expensive cuts of meat. On your second plate do more crab/protein and/or starch and salads. I always feel that I eat my money's worth when I do it in that order.笑
I expected a lot from you, Bellagio. You disappointed me greatly. The only thing that redeemed you was the creme brulee. 

I spent about $36 (including tips) for dinner. The steak was tough when it wasn't supposed to be. Tough steak, tough fish. Mediocre-grade sushi. Americanized rolls. 

Really great waitress though! 

Maybe it was that one night where you lost your touch.笑
I've been to this buffet three times...breakfast, lunch, and weekend brunch...and it has been consistently top-notch. I have yet to be to any other buffet in vegas because I keep wanting to go here, so I have nothing to compare it with...but I can't see buffets getting much better than this. They have a ton of top quality items that I feel safe eating and knowing I won't be paying for it later. Yes...the Maalox can stay in the travel case for today. A little more $$$ compared to the other buffets...but a better value given the food available...plus its a friggin buffet...you eat til you feel you get your money's worth笑
I always make sure to come here for their Sunday brunch buffet when I'm in Vegas.  They offer so many choices, it's really hard to decide on what to eat.  They make the yummiest omelettes (lots of different ingredients to choose from including crab and shrimp - mMM...).  I also like that their shrimps are really fresh and huge as well.  Their crab legs are already halved so all it makes eating them super easy.  Their sushi is pretty good as well and they make a mean spicy tuna hand roll.  The quality of their food definitely beats all the other buffets I've been too (including the Wynn buffet).

Best part about the Bellagio buffet?  Their desserts of course!  They offer so many decadent treats...there's bound to be something for everyone ;)

Only bad part is that the wait is usually 1.5 hours but it's so worth it when you're finally in there surrounded by all the yummy foods they have to offer.  Definitely recommended!笑
Supposed to be the best in Las Vegas but I had better at other places for cheaper. I go for the crab legs but when I tried theirs out it was a bit too salty so I was disappointed. Probably will not try it again unless a group of friends force me to go.笑
Best Buffet in Vegas... in my opinion. hehe. I have been to a few buffets in Vegas and this is definitely the one I have enjoyed the most.  They have a huge assortment of dishes.  My favorites include the tuna poke, peeled shrimps, prime rib,  and the pesto mashed potatoes (I dream of those)!  The only complaints I have are that I wish the dining areas were nicer and the dessert bar was more creative.  Overall it's a great dining choice while in Vegas. Enjoy!笑
I avoid buffets like the plague. When two of my friends where raving about the dinner they had there before the rest of us arrived, and convinced everyone to go eat there; I broke out in a cold sweat and was having flashbacks to my youth and being dragged to countless Chinese and old country buffets where I would get yelled at my mother for wasting her ten bucks, as I could only bring myself to eat their canned fruit and ice cream and nothing else. 

Silly me didn't realize that this is Vegas and they do things a bit differently here. Where should I start. The sushi, yes I ate sushi at a buffet and it was awesome. The hazelnut french toast with banana was glorious. The countless amounts of fresh fruit, the salmon which I had to restrain myself from taking all of it. Everything I put on my plates was so good. 

Everyone loved the food and I'm told the desserts were so good as well, I didn't trust myself to just have a few so I passed. The buffet is maintained well and so there is nothing sitting out there forever. Expect a bit of wait but its well worth it. We were there July fourth weekend so they hiked up their prices a little bit, so expect that if you there during a holiday. 

The Bellagio has changed my opinions on buffets, when I go back to Vegas I'm making a stop here, and may even try some other places.笑
I was told this was the best buffet in Vegas and I don't see how anywhere else can compete.  They had everything from snow crab, king crab, steak, prime rib, shrimp, and all of the other typical buffet foods.  More on the expensive side, but you have to go here if you go to Vegas.  All the crab I ate, must have been worth so much at a normal restaurant.  

What can I say, when John Wall is chillin right outside, it must be good.  Everything was tasty and very flavorful.  Definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas.笑
I think that for buffets, the Spice Market Buffet that was in Aladdin was awesome. This buffet was all right... large selection and a diverse range of foods. The best part was the shrimp/crab and cocktail sauce. Stick with that. The rest of the things were standard buffet fare. Defintely stay away from the 'pasta bar': where you can choose red or white sauce, pasta, and vegetables, and they heat it up for you. It's not good at all. 

But really, just eat the crab/shimp and cocktail sauce.笑
I stopped in on a Friday night for the "Gourmet Dinner" which was $40. For $13 extra I went with the all you can drink option which included margaritas, bloody marys, sparkling wine and beer. They use the cheapest champagne known to man but for $13 I can't complain too much. The Friday/Saturday dinner is a little more expensive because they have a small caviar bar. It's a neat addition but personally I'd rather save the $5. Nothing really stood out to me though nothing was necessarily bad. Desserts was pretty tasty. The last time I came was around 7 years ago and I remember having venison so I was a little disappointed to not see it on the buffet. Service was great, I sat at the bar and the bartender was super friendly and nice. It's not a bad buffet and I definitely Think I got my money's worth but I'll probably check out another buffet the next time I'm in Vegas.笑
Omg I had high hopes being that this is a nice hotel. Literally nothing bf except the cold shrimp were good. I wish I would have asked to look at the food before paying 95.00 for me and my husband to eat here. What a disgrace! The weirdest looking food and I love food! This is a never again! For the price and the wait this place was a dud! Earlier we ate at the buffet in aria hotel and it was 10 times better! The day before we at at the mirage and that was even better and cheaper! Bellagio needs to upgrade! Wasted my money!!笑
12:30 pm 1/2 hour wait. EXCELLENT service, used plate gone before back to table. Drinks refilled before half empty. Food delicious, Japanese food tastes just like moms! Only downer no crab at lunch. Teriyaki flank steak, sliders, even Thai salad was good!

Desserts were mmm mmm good!笑
LOL you know I read some reviews from time to time and it amazes me how some people have the highest expectation on things like buffets. Hey you want 5 star food go to a 5 star restaurant. 

If you are expecting it from a buffet then your not very smart when it comes to eating out.  And if your expectation was judge solely on what you saw on the travel channels best places to eat then maybe you should of done a little research on your own before running in full throttle.

 With that said this buffet is way above average. Much better then most buffet places I have been to throughout the U.S. The quality is pretty good and the choices are just as good. When going to any buffet expect the worst then be surprised when you prove yourself wrong. Good eats IMO as for as buffet go.笑
Soooo so sooooooooo much food. Lots of things to choose from: Chinese food, pastas, pizzas, prime rib, Kobe steak, turkey, lamb, ham, seafood and anything in between you could ever think of!!!!!!

Came for dinner at 5:30pm. Waited maybe 5 mins tops. One hundred bucks feeding two starving humans and a crazy baby: WELL WORTH IT.

Our waitress was such a doll!!! She was very sweet and didn't ignore us like most places. She literally asked us every 5 or so minutes if we needed anything whether we did or not.

I tried to try at least a little bit of all of their desserts. And I almost did but I absolutely fell in love with some sort of coconut panacotta with mango and ended up giving the rest to my hubby and child.

DEFINITELY EAT HERE IF YOU WANT TO FULFILL EVERY CRAVING YOU WILL EVER HAVE EVEEEER IN YOUR LIFE!!!!! WORTH THE $$$$笑
My Favorite Buffet of Vegas (yes, I wasn't fortunate to try Wynn, Rio or Studio B so this may change in the future).

Unlike my Paris Buffet (Le Village) documentation... this one will be a bit less comprehensive and a bit more out of memory. But just to satisfy the Yelpers, I've probably knocked out at least five plates of food before calling it a field day with this place. It's also the other reason why I didn't consume as much at Paris (spent majority of the day burning it off walking the strip, exercising, and being in the pool).

Came here for the Saturday Brunch (Unlimited Champagne for additional $5.00, which I didn't get but tried a bit from a friend). Drunken munchies was the name of the game (every moment you wake up in this place it's hangover heaven).

So from total memory recall here's how it went down:

*-My Personal Favorites

Round One
-Lots of Salad (Mixed Greens w/hints of Baby Spinach; consistent)
-A bunch of Asparagus (nothing to say)
-Prime Rib Slices (2 medium sized servings)*
-Smoked Scottish Salmon (three pieces medium sized; smooth and fresh)*
-Scrambled Eggs (typical)
-A Bagel w/ creme cheese (had to get a bit of carbs in there for my smoked salmon bagel combo)

Round Two
-Lots more Salad
-More Prime Rib (had three slices this time around, but smaller cuts)*
-Chilean Sea Bass (two small pieces; tasted like butter)*
-Smoked Scottish Salmon (two more smaller pieces)*

Round Three
-Chilean Sea Bass (over seven pieces)*
-More Prime Rib (two more smaller cuts)*

Round Four
-More Prime Rib (Three more additional pieces)*
-Scottish Salmon (got two more smaller pieces)*
-Chilean Sea Bass (got three more pieces, two for a friend)*
-More Salad
-Honey Cured Bacon (I forgot to mention this, but this was also good, too bad I was stuffed up on Prime Rib to get seconds).*

Round Five
-Additional Prime Rib Slice (medium sized)*
-Bavarian Pear Cake (tart and moist, not too sweet but not my thing)
-Tiramisu* (Excellent, the coffee, custard, and sponge cake texture is all there)
-Blueberry Cheesecake* (discarded the blueberry, swallowed the cheesecake whole)

Spent about $30.00 with tax and tip. Not everyone appreciates buffets but this is a hell of a lot better than Hometown, Sizzler, and other "local/chain joints." I gotta say, I must say it feels as though I have to run an additional 30 miles to burn this stuff off. So far I've lost 70% of this buffet excess weight, since leaving Vegas. I guess more headspins are in due order.笑
Wide selection. Seafood, Sushi, Salads, Italian, American, awesome carving stations. The wait staff was very friendly and they kept the tables clean.  The seafood was excellent. I LOVED the cooked salmon and the king crab legs.  Make sure you ask for a AAA discount (if your a AAA member)笑
This buffet is one of the best in LV compare to the other ones where the food was cold and nasty.笑
Out of the several Vegas buffets I tried during a week here, they had the best food. Don't let the looks of the place and food fool you. Although other buffets have better looking spaces and food, your taste buds will not lie.

The food was slightly better here than at Caesar's Palace even though the Bellagio was cheaper. And the Bellagio food was also better than some other places priced about the same.笑
If you don't know me by now, you will never, ever, ever know that I don't love buffets. However, there are those darlings that make the grade by serving up dishes that are worthy of being placed on your first and second and perhaps even your third buffet plate. This was my second time at the Bellagio buffet, and I was hoping the second visit would prove that my first had been a fluke, but, no. The only thing that made me go back for seconds were the strawberries. Thank you Mother Nature. 

It is really quite simple: First, I think the dishes they offer aren't super appealing, creative or diverse, and then, the dishes that are available don't taste fresh and delicious. Yes, they have a nice selection of carving stations and crab legs, but that can only take you so far. I tried substandard creamed spinach, relatively tasteless Chinese broccoli, and overly sweet, sweet potato mash. I think they must have added sweetener. 

On top of this, the layout frustrates me, and our waiter only decided to refill our drinks when we were getting close to leaving.

For close to $35/person, I don't think it is worth it considering the other options. The best thing: $10 AYCD alcohol offerings. If you drink enough, everything will be better!笑
$25/person for weekday lunch! 

Honestly got to say its better than the Bacchanal in Caesar's Palace. It was cheaper, the staff was nicer, and the food had better quality.
Family came in once it opened, paid upfront first, and we immediately got seats close to the food. Roughly 30 mins later, 12:30pm, the place was getting packed and there was a huge line outside. Definitely come here early! They have everything you can think of: sushi, pizza, prime rib, crab legs, salads, soups, sirloin, omelet station, I'm not even covering the best and most! It was super delicious! The waitresses were attentive and refilled the drinks even before it was half empty. If the entrees weren't enough, the dessert station was going to finish you off! Sorbets, chocolate cakes, key lime pie, pumpkin pie, ice cream, cookies, cheesecake, etc!

Just try this place out for lunch, it's cheaper than the other guys and much better too!笑
The Buffet at the Bellagio was good - the ravioli was really good, the sushi was not bad, and there were lots of fun desserts to show from. However, nothing really blew me away. I think I've decided that I'm not really a buffet person - I'd rather just pick one really great dish from the menu at a regular restaurant and have that.笑
Two things: King crab and snow crab. Those alone cover the $40 fee per person. C'mon people stop complaining. King crab legs go for $12.99/lb and sometimes more at the grocery stores. That is including the shell. I am pretty sure I ate more than two pounds each of the King and snow crab meat. Then there's dessert. So many to choose from and I got dizzy trying to, so I went for my fave chocolate cake and pie. Both were good. At this time I was so over stuffed that I couldn't see nor think about food anymore.笑
ATTENTION ALL BUFFET PEOPLE!!!!

I SPENT HOURS LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT BUFFET FOR MY ONE NICE BUFFET IN VEGAS.  WE HAVE A WINNER!!!

I have tried all the ones that are priced over 35 bucks.  I am not sure when i will be back in vegas and i only had one shot to get this right.

THEY HAVE SNOW CRAB AND KING CRAB.  THEY HAVE PRIME RIB, TURKEY, RACK OF LAMB, KOBE TENDERLOIN and some other various meats that didn't catch my eyes.

This place is HUGE.  This place on saturday night at 6:30 is PACKED.  Plan accordingly.  The line wrapped along outside the casino passed the bathroom.  I asked an attendant how long is the wait.  He said an hour.  I then found one of the coolest things ever.  If you are less than a party of 4 and over 21, they will seat you immeadiatly at the bar.  When we were done (90 minutes later) people who were in front of us in the massive line were still far away from getting in.

I only used caps in this review because a good buffet is judged by its crab legs and carving station.  

I did do something new at a buffet. ,  one of my plates consisted of new food i have never tried. I cant remember what they were but i was impressed.

Bottom line, if you only get one expensive buffet in vegas and you want your moneys worth... This is your jackpot!!!  I am glad i can put the vegas buffet debate to rest. This is the only review you will have to read.笑
One of the better buffets in Vegas, I can't say its the best buffet because i haven't been to them all... YET haha  

It is one of the pricier buffets on the strip at $36/person but you definitely pay for better service and quality of food and more selection.  

I hated that they had such a hugeeee dessert selection, i just stood there dazed and confused and was unable to make up my mind.  But once i came to my senses i remembered i was a BUFFET so i took one of everything!  hahahaha... i was in dessert heaven!

I was a little disappointed in the sushi selection though.  

I was a little worried about having to wait a long time, but we got there around 5:30 and only had to wait around 20 minutes (it probably helps when its just the 2 of us).笑
Again another disappointment. I'd give this place 3.5 stars. I was here about a year ago and loved it. This trip the food was good but the selection was more of a regular Vegas buffet. Also they stuck us with a holiday rate of $51.99 for dinner. I'm not sure what holiday falls on 12/27 but they got everyone in like on the up charge even though they couldn't answer the question about the holiday. 

I'd go back on a non holiday day but still more places to try. I was just disappointed in the selection being so normal and nothing special like before.笑
Loved this buffet.  As a fish-eating vegetarian (ok, pescatarian) all-you-can-eat buffets are rarely a good deal, but I definitely got my money's worth at this one.   

There were tons of interesting non-meat options; beyond an abundance of salads and pastas there were also less common-place grains, noodles, and well-prepared vegetables available.   Loved the unlimited sushi.   The desserts were plentiful and tasty.   

I wish there hadn't been a 1 hour wait to get in (Monday night in March) but that was my only complaint.笑
I remember having brunch here a year ago and it was very good, but the dinner this time didn't please my palate.  The wait on Sunday was ~45minutes at 530pm and it was a mile stretch line!  I was hoping for more seafood selection--- the crab legs were great but Other dishes were just meh.  Great dessert selections although I didn't try much.  Dinner fare is $29.99.笑
At the weekday prices, this buffet is as good as it gets.  I probably would give it a 4 if I had to pay weekend prices. 

We went here for late lunch on a Tuesday. I suppose if we'd stayed another half hour after we finished our meal we could have gotten some of the dinner food as well, but to be honest I was so incredibly full at that point that I couldn't eat another bite.  In fact, I stayed full until late the  next morning.  And I didn't even get to a number of things this place had to offer. 

By far the most impressive part of the buffet was the multitude of fish courses (both cold and hot) and the sushi bar that included hand rolls.  The sushi for lunch was generally standard, but the hand rolls and spring rolls were really delicious. There were at least five different types of cooked fish courses, all executed remarkably well for a buffet. Other favorites were the sweet potato puree (pure heaven) and the creamy polenta. The sliders were surprisingly excellent, although the lamb and flank steak I tried were nothing special.  The cooked vegetables at this buffet are executed really well.  Not mushy or dried out.  The green beans and grilled asparagus were particularly good. Even the pizza here was decent and everyone knows how bad pizza can get at a buffet! 

The only thing that was a bit disappointing here (and only a bit) were the desserts.  I have definitely had better desserts at a buffet before.  For the most part they were really your standard mini desserts with not much flavor.  But even here there were a couple of excellent standouts.  The bread pudding was delicious (and bread pudding can be really dry) and the pumpkin cheesecake was amazing.  

My husband was really impressed especially since it was under $20.  A good thing since it was his special birthday meal!笑
5 stars because it is simply the best buffet i've ever been to.  

Better than the Wynn because:

As a carnivore, the Bellagio had more meat selection.  When i went to the Wynn buffet, they served prime rib, brisket, and some veal with capers and cream sauce.  The Bellagio on the other hand had rack of lamb was phenomenal.  Additionally, they had American "kobe" beef, top sirloin and prime rib which all had more beef flavor than the meats at the Wynn.  Nicely seasoned as well.  

Their crab legs were fresher.  

Fish selection at the Wynn was better though, serving Sea Bass and a few others i can't remember.  I don't remember the Bellagio having much memorable fish, if any, during my visit.  

Though they didn't have much sushi or salad selections, their desserts were opulent and tasty.  Though the "build your own" ice cream sundae bar at the Wynn was nice, i preferred the creme brulee of the Bellagio.笑
I guess I should preface this review by saying that I am really not that big on buffets.  However, if you are going to visit The Buffet at Bellagio, please make sure you are a Mlife member (their rewards card system...it's FREE to join) and have at least a Pearl status.  

The lines for this buffet are ridiculous! Ridiculous! Ridiculous! My sister, Tanysha W, and I skipped the line because they have a separate line for Mlife members.   However, the sign does not specify that you need to have a Pearl status to be considered VIP.  The lady excused our ignorance and let us cut the line anyway.  Thankfully, because the line was ridiculously long.  (Did I mention that, already?)

The food was... buffet food, nothing spectacular.   Pastries, sushi, eggs, potatoes, bacon, french toast, fruit bar, etc.

 The lunch buffet was $24.99 and the champagne brunch was $30.99.笑
Second time I have been to the Bellagio Buffet for lunch. Line took 30-45 mins on Saturday at 1:30pm surprisingly. The food has gotten considerably better since the last time I went. The selection here is slightly more than what Aria offers. It can be a bit misleading because the buffet is slightly mirrored so that one half has repeated items as the other side. The price is more expensive than Aria Buffet as well ($35 vs $25) approximately.

Pros:
- They have all you can eat shrimp cocktails. This is a good value for your money.
- Wide variety of foods from sushi, pasta, asian cuisine, seafood, fruits, desserts, etc.
- For ~$12 more, you can have all you can drink wines and certain mixed drinks like mimosas. 

Cons:
- Personally, I don't enjoy the old feel of the place. Our table was wobbly and the wallpaper was faded. Aria was much more modern but then again, Aria was built more recently.
- I was really disappointed at the wonton soup. There was a separate dish of shumai next to it and the wontons were literally shumais in bland soup. Quite embarrassing really.
- Dessert selection was okay. Nothing very unique like cookies and fruit tarts.笑
I've heard that the buffets at Bellagio and Wynn are overpriced but seriously, this one is definitely worth the extra $5-10. We ate at Cravings and Bellagio had more in terms of selection, comfort, quality and service.

I like that part of the sushi and salad bars are monitored by staff because some people tend to eat, cough, talk or sneeze as they pile on their plates.

Primed ribs - best I've had. Be careful not to OD on this like I almost did. 

Sushi - ask the guy behind the counter to give you fresh ones. Some people, I understand really like their sashimi, but no need to pick the fish and leave the rice. Sure, seeing the machine spit out the rice like larvae isn't too appealing. Sort of like the giant mother alien squeezing out her eggs.笑
Came here after the buffet at the Cosmo... probably a bad idea since the Cosmo one is mind blowing, but this one was still really good. The line wasn't too bad, took maybe a half hour to 45 mins to get in. We came here for lunch, a late lunch, our plan was to get in at the breakfast/brunch price and stay for dinner. It worked! We were there about an hour before dinner started. Luckily we ate slow and made room for some of the dinner dishes, like crab.笑
This buffet is just ordinary compared to the other ones out there. Nothing special at all. So many other good places to eat, I wouldnt waste a meal here.笑
The buffet was a disappointment. And i Usually have low expectations for buffets anyways.
For a girl who can eat, i found a whole section of food that was literally uneatable. The food not only LOOKED unappetizing, it also tasted that way. 
The somewhat redeeming quality for the buffet was that the desserts were pretty decent and the rack of lamb was decent. 
Otherwise, the change between meals were SLOW, and the food was generally sub par. If i paid more than 20 dollars, I would have found it to be completely unreasonable. The buffet at Wynn is better.笑
Stellar buffet. I hear it's only second to Bacchanal, but I honestly don't know where they could have improved. Line was relatively quick, price was the same as the Carnival buffet at the Rio (~$32 per person for dinner on a weeknight).

Stand out items here:
Prime rib, as rare as they'll let you have it, freakin amazing!
 the pesto mashed potatoes
Kobe beef- but its difficult to cut with the butter knife you're provided with, as others have said
The caramelized onions, on absolutely anything or by themselves
Tuna and salmon sashimi with the seaweed salad
Creamed spinach (definitely a surprise) 
potato soup- it's like delicious velvet!
Chocolate dome dessert

The only cuisine I did not see represented here was middle eastern/persian- how hard would it be to put out some pita bread and hummus, kalamata olives, and maybe some kabobs or a schwarma dish? I'd love to see what they could do with that type of food.

I saw foods mentioned in other reviews that I did not find during my visit, such as caviar and chilean sea bass, that I would be interested in trying. Buffets aren't really my thing, but with comp cards or local ID it's relatively affordable here, and definitely worthwhile. Don't pass it up if you get the opportunity!笑
No it isn't one of those super cheap yet amazing LV buffets you have heard about but it surely delivers! Be aware that there might be some wait so don't stand there if you have to satisfy your hunger immediately...enjoy brunch or lunch vs pricier dinner buffet. The food was great!!! A whole lot of options, so refrain for drinking too much soda and filling up on pasta or rice or you won't have room for a bit of everything LOL!!! The quantity of desserts and their quality is really impressive! Service is quick and friendly but mostly efficient! Let's just say you won't need a third meal that day! There shouldn't be a trip to Vegas without gambling or eating at a buffet and this one met our expectations!!!笑
My first Las Vegas buffet. Yum! First off, make sure you come here prepared to wait in a line from hell. We tried to come on Saturday night bu the line was so long we would have missed our show. Gave it a go again on Sunday night for dinner and the line was much shorter, and the buffet is a little cheaper as well. 

Excellent selection of delicious foods. Crab legs, sushi, prime rib, pastas, salad...and don't even get me started with how much damage we did to the many desserts offered.  Our server always promptly bussed our table and even cheerfully gave us cold milk when we asked for it with our dessert bonanza! Worth it for sure.笑
Solid buffet and one of the best on the strip.  The shrimp are the best and really fresh.  The crab leg selection was good.  This time the steak tartar was amazing!!!!  I would just eat the shrimp and tartar.  Some of the meats were a little dry, but the prime rib, st. louis ribs and the lamb were good.  I think I got my $27 worth with the prawns and tartar笑
Absolutely the best buffet in Las Vegas. Yes, better then Wynn. IMO at least. Arrived on a Saturday around 12PM, the wait was about 30 minutes from the end of the line to the time we were seated. All the food items were seasoned perfectly. I feasted on pizza, sushi, pasta, bacon, and cookies. I was craving a potato dish, but didn't find one to my liking. 

The lines were a bit long for the omelet station, I didn't want to wait. Well let me rephrase, I was waiting and the women in front, a older-older woman was having difficulty selecting her ingredients (perhaps because of her eyesight) so a nice patron was telling her what the ingredients were and it was still hard for her to listen. I left shortly after that :/ I hope she enjoyed her omelet!

Will I be back? Hell yes! I love getting my grub on!

P.s. I didn't eat again till 8:30 PM that night, and it was spinach and fish balls. Well worth the $25!笑
It pains me to write negative reviews but sometimes it's what has to be done.

The positives of my experience were that they offer an express line for M Life members...USE IT!  The line was crazy long and I can't understand anyone waiting for hours to eat.  

The staff were agreeable and accommodating.  Our waiter was Fe, he was awesome and smiley.  We were seated by a nice lady.  I didn't get her name but she was cute and short.  None of the hostesses got annoyed with our request to sit at a booth so that was pretty cool.

Okay.  The food is really what people come here for and I really wasn't very impressed.  I have eaten here before and I recall there being a better selection and more that I wanted to eat.  I should note that I wasn't super hungry though so perhaps that posed a problem.

I had a small plate that consisted of mashed potatoes and gravy (good), broccolini (good but cold), cold shrimp (hard to mess up), mushrooms (good), and half of a baked chicken breast (also good). When my husband returned with tons of stuff on his plate I stole several pieces of bacon and ate that with my remaining potatoes and that was pretty much the highlight of my meal.  Bacon and mashed potatoes hit the spot for me.  

I requested some coffee so I could figure out dessert.  I came back with a walnut brownie (pretty tasty), a double chocolate cookie (I didn't like it), a small pecan pie (standard taste), a small key lime tart (very tart, probably good but I wasn't in the mood I think), and I think that was it.  I made my husband eat the key lime tart and the cookie and then we were out of there.  

I would be beyond annoyed with all of this had the meal not been free due to a MyVegas voucher.笑
After the advice of many, decided to come here around 3pm since the line can be up to an hour.  That way, you pay the lunch price but can still linger around for dinner food ;)  Well, the line took just 15 minutes, so we were stuck with the lunch stuff for 45 minutes, and that was not impressive at all.  I kid you not.  Think one level above Hometown Buffet.

But then...the dinner stuff came out, and that was great.  Crab legs already cracked for you!  All the good sushi!

The creme brulee alone was a reason for me to come back though.  I think it might possibly be the best dessert I have ever tasted.

But that was it.  I was expecting so much more.  It's the BELLAGIO, you know?  And so many people rave about it on Yelp and other sites.  I wish I could give it a higher rating but I just can't.笑
Overall:  There are countless buffets in Vegas so the competition and tight critic is needed.   Sadly, Bellagio lunch buffet was not impressive at all.  Adding salt to the wound, there was no kids price.  I am paying adult rate for my kids. :(

~Review was based on weekday Lunch buffet.  

Services:  OK service.  Depending on who you have, you might have better service.  

Food/drinks/ Value:  ~  Lunch ~$23 ish (dinner prices begin after 3:00PM
- Sushi area - was very simple.  Spicy tuna handroll and some veggie rolls.
- Craving area - This is solid.  My hubby enjoyed his meat. 
- Seafood - There are shrimp, fish etc.  NO crab for lunch. 
- Desserts - There are a lot of choices but they all tasted just ok. 

Decor: Huge places with lots of booth.

Kids friendly:  No kids price.   NOT friendly at all. 

Gluten Free/Sensitivity:  Nothing is labeled as GF.  Use your judgement.笑
I can't believe there are negative reviews of this place. While it is a long wait to can in an hour or more the food is AMAZING!! You can try things you love like king crab legs already split, prime rib and shrimp. They also have things you might like to try sometime but to expensive to just order like Kobe beef, caviar bar. Leg of lamb. Quail.seafood chippino made to order and its only $50. For an additional $15. You can add unlimited drinks. If you don't mind the waiting time if your ever in Vegas you must go here.笑
We went after watching the 7 pm O show on Sunday. The food is sub-par over all. The Kobe steak is chewy. The steak tartar is smelly. The majority of the rest of the selections are not appealing. The only dish was decent is the grilled Chilean Sea Bass. 
 
Then, the majority of the food service personal behind the counters are impatient and rude. Most of them does not wear a smile. When you ask them for any food, they just toss it into your plate despite the fact I was using "please" "thank you" and a smile. The only lady has been smiling is the waitress attending to our table. 

On top of it, the place is not clean. Food scraps are everywhere on the carpet. The table is sticky. 

We will not go back and will tell all of our friends not even bother to go.笑
Meh. I expected more. 

The Buffet is just ok. I'm not a buffet snob or anything, but it kind of had a hometown buffet in Richmond, CA feel. Which is sad because Bellagio is this institution built by middle aged people reliving their Ocean's franchise fantasies. But the reality is that the Buffet itself is very poorly lit and with a sparse variety of food. So you're pretty much eating your fourth plate of prime rib, shamefully in a dark corner. it's a weird vibe. 

I probably will not come back, it really isn't anything special. It was close to our hotel, so that warranted the two stars, but I guess that's relative to your situation.... 

meh.笑
The king crab was split not cracked....hot clarified butter,,,,,awesome!!! 

The shrimp- maybe 16-20s were peeled on ice and very good. Good cocktail sauce. 

Sushi was freshly made and good. The spicy tuna roll was delicious and very spicy. The steak tartare on toast point seriously kicked butt.

The salmon with bbq maple glaze=good, beef bourguignon=very good, cous cous and tabouli= very good, aspargus=mmm.

The Kobe sirloin not was too tough to eat. I used to raise Wagyu cattle by the way. I have had a few (tons) of it for comparison.

The desserts were excellent especially the esspresso chocolate mousse thing shooter.

So far this is the best buffet I have had in Vegas and was a great deal for 32 bucks. I still have to try the Wynn and Wicked Spoon. 

Our server was also great.笑
The Bellagio Buffet is no longer the King of the Strip Buffets, as it once was. But it still packs a great value considering how much of a vast selection they offer to guests. 

I like that you don't have to pay over $45 for a weekend dinner buffet meal. The service here is still attentive, refilling our drinks and taking away dirty dishes. Sadly, inconsistency has brought down the Buffet quality over the years. For example, the prime rib would sometimes be excellent; sometimes it's gosh darn terrible! The organization layout of the buffet is also a little bit confusing too. 

Do the cons outweigh the pros? Definitely not. I just might find myself here again for a decent meal if I want to avoid paying $55 for Caesars Palace's Bacchanal Buffet.笑
Wow. Now that's a buffet. The selection of different foods was amazing. I went for lunch. There were no lines. Will be posting pictures of the desserts to this review. Well worth the dollars.笑
Would totally come just to eat dozens of their Alaskan King Crab Legs! As for their other food at the buffet, most of it was all right.笑
In retrospect, I think this is really what I went to Las Vegas for. I was here during a July vacation and the buffet was everything I could have asked for-- all-i-can-eat king and snow crab legs, fresh POKE(!), and desserts I could never make myself. I was here on a Sunday night and had to wait roughly 40 minutes in line during dinner rush. I remember watching something on TV showcasing this buffet and my experience was just as great. I've been to many of the buffets in Atlantic City, NJ's casinos (ie: Borgata) and for a similar price the Bellagio definitely trumps all of those. The variety could not be beat and other than the salad bar that was a little "blah", everything else was worth the money. The food was replenished in a timely manner and the wait staff was attentive with drinks and empty plates. I cannot wait to return!笑
I have nooooooooo idea what the hype about this place is about.  The price was as pricey as anywhere else but hello...theres NOTHING to eat!! I relaly hated it.  The waitress didn't understand what we wanted and kinda got irritated when we took a lil time to figure out what to drink.  The selection to mee wasnt as great.  The wait wasnt too bad but no...i pass笑
I remember coming to the Buffet at the Bellagio several years ago for Sunday Champagne Brunch and being blown away.   It was one of the best brunches I had ever eaten.  Alas, my most recent trip did not make nearly as stellar an impression.  I brought my mother here for her birthday dinner last month, wanting to share with her the wondrous buffet I remembered.  

Well, we got off to a bad start.  My son fell asleep in the car on the way over (he's five and had been in the pool all day) and I carried him into the restaurant.  At the register, I discovered that there was no children's price and that I would be paying more than $30 to enter with my sleeping child.  Because it was mom's birthday, I went with it, but I was annoyed.  No child is going to eat $30 worth of buffet food. They want the pizza and dessert and not much else.  Of course he didn't want to wake up at all and refused to eat much of anything, so I paid for him to sit there and be cranky.  My bad.

As for the adult meals, the food was fine.  I had prime rib, which was only OK, but the mashed potatoes were awesome.  My mother had the crab legs which she loved.  We must have sampled every dessert they served and each one was better than the last.  The waitress was kind of lazy and had to be waved down to refill our water.  

Really the food was pretty good, so maybe it is just my son's behavior that's coloring my opinion on our meal,  but I just can't help but feel like we over paid.  There was nothing remarkable offered.  The service was iffy, the food was unexceptional.  Well, dessert was pretty great, but I don't need to pay almost $100 for my family to eat dessert.  I'm just not feeling the love for this place this time.笑
STRONG meat selection!! Probably the best buffet meat in Vegas...

2 WORDS : BEEF WELLINGTON.   TRY it w/ the Hollandaise sauce.... I love the rich/creamy texture that sits over the crust of the meat.  YUM!!!

When I go here w/ my wife we're looking at a $100(ish) dollar bill... so I always try to breakdown my meal.

I go for the prime rib and beef wellington 3 times and I feel that I've gotten my money's worth!

But wait there's more!!!! The dessert station is huge.  I love the key-lime pie, sometimes I'll experiment w/ the gelato and do some funky thing which always ends up delicious!

I can't imagine eating anything other than buffet food while in Vegas, the Buffet at the Bellagio doesn't disappoint.

I'd consider it very CLEAN... the look of the venue definitely has some class... I mean it's a buffet nevertheless, but a buffet w/ class is always a treat.

Why can't we have these places in SoCAL?!! Man... really contemplating doing a one night stay for some food right now, damn you...笑
We came here for the mimosa brunch (even though it was well into the early afternoon) and I was kind of disappointed. Everything was good, but nothing really jumped out at me.笑
One of the biggest disappointment in Vegas.  We came here for dinner on a Saturday night expecting something spectacular for $44 per person.  The crab legs were frozen and just a couple of other good selections.笑
We went for breakfast on Friday Morning and it was really good and well worth the wait. I really enjoyed the eggs Benedict. 
The buffet has a lot to offer and I really enjoyed that they would make your French toast right in front of you. The selection was above average and the food quality could be tasted. The waiter was very nice and kept our drinks full. It was about a 20 minute wait which we didn't mind. We would def eat here again.笑
Great King Crab!

We wanted some good King Crab legs and searched online resources for reviews.  We ended up coming to The Buffet at Bellagio.  Cost was about $40 each (weekend rate for Gourmet Buffet).  The crab was great!  Ate so much of it, we didn't sample much of the other food.  If you're looking for great King Crab - try The Buffet.笑
Good food and service. Nothing special, even though it is The Bellagio Cafe. 
It really seemed noisy. 

The Atrium is always fantastic and right beside this restaurant so that's big plus.笑
We expected so much better for the price of this buffet.  The Bellagio is just a little too proud of this feeding troth.  One of the staff saw I was handicapped, and moved us to the front of the line. The line was just too long for me to stand in. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. 

The food was average. Meats were over cooked and dry. Didn't have anything that really stood out. The dessert bar was pretty yummy. Enjoyed that. 

I highly recommend finding a 2 for 1 coupon, because spending approximately $40+ for each person is overpriced.笑
I thought triple B's stood for the Better Business Bureau...after coming here for years, I find that nowadays it stands for Bellagio's B-list Buffet as it's really a 3 star buffet with king crab...thought about giving 4 stars, but the back to back food poisoning wouldn't allow it.

The 10 year decline...
-Lobster ravioli morphed into mushroom ravioli which then just recently morphed into cheese ravioli. Doh!
- Mango floating islands became some apple dish in a glass.
-Rack of lamb (which is my favorite protein) is really gamey tasting, gray and under-seasoned...like it should have been tossed 2 days earlier. This is the 3rd time I've found it as such (should probably knock it off the menu).
-The macaroons used to be big and pillowy, moist and fresh...now they're small and nothing special
-Chilean sea bass turned into barramundi (recent downgrade)
-Peeled shrimp went from extra large to large (changed a while ago)

To top things off, the food poisoning! I literally had to sprint for the bathroom upon leaving...I'm blaming the salmon and tuna poke on that one...I know the tuna wasn't fresh...and it's hit me the last two visits. Fool me twice, shame on me.

What worked:
-Decent prime rib
-King crab (they will heat it up for you in the back near the Mexican station)
-Pesto mashed potatoes are spot on
-Service is always pretty good
-They added a caviar station near the "run for your life" poke
-Value...you can still go right before dinner and pay the lunch price if you time it right. Hashtag winning. 

If you are in Vegas and need a buffet, hit up Bachannal at Caesars...this one lost it's luster years ago.笑
Run away!  The price is expensive, the service is hostile, and the food is mediocre.  The coffee is undrinkable.  Getting in requires waiting in line and after paying a fortune, passing through tight security (like crossing a border into a foreign country).  Once in, your have access to the buffet, but if you want to get a cup of coffee, you'll need to "show your papers".  We were continually harasses by the staff to "show your papers" as if I was an illegal immigrant trespassing onto foreign lands; I was worried if I didn't possess the necessary paperwork, I would be taken off to jail.  I've never quite had such a unique and hostile dining experience.
I would recommend you spend your money elsewhere.笑
Overwhelming amount of choices. We went for dinner on Thursday night and I felt like there was so much to choose from. Everything I had was good too. 

House made sausages were on point. Turkey was moist. Salad bar was build your own and had lots of toppings. Pesto mash and sweet potato mash was great. Pizza was amazing - especially for a buffet. Could of eaten $35 worth of that alone. Made to order taco station - which I was too full to try because I loaded up on the amazing chicken Marsala. Tons of bread choices that all looked amazing, but resisted because I didn't want to load up on cheap carbs.

Try the mac and cheese. My brother loved it, but I personally thought it tasted like noodles that were smothered in a melt in your mouth butter. Didn't get enough cheese feeling as the butter.

The desserts were very average for Vegas buffets. Soft serve machine ice cream. Cold creme brulee. A pecan tart that tasted very out of the box. The best was a white chocolate nutella cone, which was worth getting a few of. 

The main choices were so amazing though, forget the desserts. Sit back and load up - even if you just go for the pizza.笑
Its 2:30 am and I'm stuck in  my hotel room yellping from the iPhone  because the Bellagio buffet tore my insides out. Oh look, I get to watch jurrasic park rather than drunkenly roaming the strip. Thanks Bellagio buffet.笑
This place is not as good as it used to be 5 yrs ago. The quality dropped, no more snow crab legs. Still better than most places around. It is pricey but it provides a large choice of seafood, meats, and limited pastries. The pastries are not as good as it used to be. It used to have really fancy desserts, not is it just ordinary stuff like jello and carrot cake.笑
As far as buffets goes this is great .. Carving stations were really good and the sushi was good too There is a large Selection of food and desserts ..Wasn't impressed with the pasta tho although I never am at buffets ..  
I Would Return.   

Food -good 
service -good 
atmosphere-average笑
Went here for dinner with friends and wanted to see what all the hyped was all about. For a $30 buffet, I wasn't impressed. I didn't think that the lamb was delicious, if anything, it tasted like it wasn't cooked well. Disappointed. The snow crabs were that great as well. There weren't that much meat in the crab legs. Lastly, the dessert choices were very limited. Overall, I can't even remember the good part about eating here.. That just shows that I am not impressed at all.笑
"Good value for Lunch - better than most LV buffets... but not great!"

At 20.00 bucks, it's a good value for a quick lunch... If you've really really hungry. Good selection of food you usually don't see in a buffet. The dessert area is nice and big, with flan... my favorite.笑
Good variety & quality.. Unfortunately, the ran out of lamb chops early in the night .. Also they don't have the king crab legs anymore笑
Came here with my wife and had a wonderful time. Their Alaskan King Crab Legs definitely did not disappoint. They were big, super juicy, and meaty. I think I ate over 20 legs by myself.....They do a very good job of restocking so you will never have to worry about fighting for those legs.

In terms of sushi, their selections were very limited. However, I was very impressed with the quality of their fish. Their salmon and tuna sashimi pieces were very fresh, thick, and clean.

Everything else here tastes just mediocre in my opinion. I tried their pork ribs, prime cuts, and etc. but they tasted average. There wasn't any particular dish that really jumped out at me.

I did love their dessert section. They had a lot of different variety of desserts and for someone who doesn't like sweet stuff, I was impressed that I ended up eating all my dessert.

So essentially, if you want to stuff yourself with some delicious king crab legs and delicious sashimi pieces, you will definitely want to check this place out. If you are not much of a seafood lover or you want more variety of sushi, then you might want to consider other buffet places.笑
Among all the buffets that I went to in Vegas, this is probably my favorite.  Atmosphere is very nice and classy feeling.  The place was busy, but they constantly had fresh food coming out.  Very enjoyable time!  Came for dinner, and was able to catch a fountain show right after!笑
Nothing spectacular, but not bad. Also had the Excalibur buffet and would definitely say this buffet is better. 

Based on previous reviews, I was looking forward to the king crab legs and Kobe beef. However, all their steaks/beef I tried were dry, hard to chew, and Bland!!! I think the meat quality just needed work. Maybe I went on a bad day? I don't know. 

However, the king crab legs were DELICIOUS!!! So tender and fresh hehe. This alone is worth it if you enjoy seafood. They also had crawfish (went on a Thursday). 

Also, the desserts are pretty good too! 

Overall, I would prefer trying bacchanal or wicked spoon just because for me, the crab legs aren't good enough alone for me to pay the price. I'm just not that big on seafood. They also had good chicken tikka masala! But they didn't provide any naan, which was kinda disappointing. Also, bellagio makes good pasta. :)笑
EX-CELL-LENT! I know that the long line can be a little daunting, but if I were you I would stick it out because the food there is fantastic! The quality of the sushi is great and they have a lot of other things like crab legs, prime rib, pizza, shrimp, a chinese food station, lamb, salads, fruit, etc etc. And everything about the food has so much quality!! There is also a dessert station and they have so many delicious desserts such as creme brulee, cheesecakes, chocolate mousses, and other types of desserts. :) I was in dessert heaven!! YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!

Even though it is about $30 per person I would say that if you are hungry it is worth it. You can stay there for as long as you want relaxing with friends.笑
My boyfriend and I came for breakfast/brunch. We went on Sunday so we paid for Holiday breakfast because of Columbus Day weekend. Price was $33.99/each which included beverages so in total around $70. Alcoholic drinks are $15 extra but I mean it was 10am so we weren't in the mood lol The buffet selection was good. I loved their breakfast items and I do not know why this place gets bad reviews. The place was clean and our server was nice and attentive. I am sad I was too full to try everything but what I served myself was really good. We didn't wait long when we arrived; the most we waited was around 7-10 mins. We ate and stayed a good hour and a half to two hours. After eating the last of our food when we were exiting and it was pretty busy and the line was long. But our overall experience was a good one. We will definitely be coming back.笑
This is one of the popular buffets in Vegas, one of the more expensive one too, yet I find myself here almost every time I am in town.

If you got a food indecisive group with you, buffet is usually an ideal choice, since everybody can find something they can eat here even vegetarians.  We went on gourmet night this last visit, it was about $44/person with tax.  Only difference is that they added specialty dishes from different cuisines like Beef Wellington, Lamb Chop, Venison, Prime Ribs, Pork Belly, Bulgogi, etc.  Now they were not gourmet level, but good enough for decent taste at buffet.

The king crab legs are the standard food here, every table will have at least one person with a plate full of them inside.  Sushi was ok, cannot really compare with them a standalone sushi buffet.  The dessert station in the center was the highlight of the night, classy display filled with deliciousness.

Adding onto the 1995 reviews for the Buffet at Bellagio, you will probably be full if you sampled one bite of every dish here.笑
I am getting too old for buffets, the tummy isn't expanding as much as it used to.  For $35 per person, I made myself eat $35 worth of buffet.  And I paid for it later as i rolled out of there.

Try to get there before peak dinner time, otherwise it's like waiting for Space Mountain at Disney - huge line.  We got there at like 6:30pm with virtually zero wait time.  This buffet is huge!  So many different stations - Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, etc etc.  And they had like 3 different kinds of crab legs!  It was endless!  My favorite though were the dessert tables in the center of the room, I grabbed as many chocolate covered strawberries as I could.  Unfortunately that was one dish they didn't refill as quickly as the others :(

Oh, our waiter was super nice and very attentive.  I've never been to a buffet with such an awesome waiter before, we gave him a good tip, he deserved it.

Minus one star because even though it's in the Bellagio, it's still a buffet.  As fancy as they try to make it, it's still gross when you see the lady in front of you take her finger and wipe the sauce on her plate with it, then lick her finger, then proceed to grab the very pair of tongs you were just about to grab to get a piece of steak.  Ew.笑
I can't bring myself to give this place less than 5 stars- it's hands down the best buffet I've ever been to.  Quite literally everything I ate was absolutely delicious and despite being full, I went up for more.  The options are endless, and you can sample so many different types of food.  The game changer for me was the crab legs that they cut in half for you- you heard that right, no work crab legs. I will be dreaming about those crab legs until my next visit... Mmm mmmm mmmm.笑
A lot to choose from,  all great food. Picky eaters can have a good time here. There lamb and green beans were amazing. Sweettooth should try the macadamia nut cookies, they have a hint of maple in them which makes them super sweet, while super chewy.

Service very attentive. However our host was going to sit us at the very front entrance, while there were many booths available in the back. So make sure not to spend a $100 and be put in a crappy table,  she appeared irritated that we wouldn't sit there. 

Food selection from sea food, chicken, beef, sandwhiches, soups galore.笑
We went on the 4th. Only reason it is getting three stars is for the dessert and the seaweed salad.  The rest of the Buffett was lacking choices. It also did not have crab legs at all. WTF?笑
You will have to wait but it will be worth it.

There was an amazing variety here and everything was prepared well.  The crab legs can be thrown into salty boiling water so they are hot and are already split.  Call me old-fashioned but I would prefer cracking them myself.  There was little that anybody at the table didn't like and the general consensus was that the sushi was not made well since the rice kept falling apart.  The spicy tuna roll was good though.  Also, we all got several desserts.  Most of them were delicious and very cute.

Our server was great as well!  He gave us tips on how to maximize stomach space and kept us hydrated.  We were there for a holiday weekend so unfortunately we paid a higher price than normal.  

However, I would definitely come back when I am in Vegas next.笑
What happened to this place?? We were so looking forward to this place after a few years, but we were let down by the quality and choices. 

The line wasn't that long of a wait for a weekday.笑
Food was food nothing special. .. deffintly would not eat again.. not worth the money.. many more places to eat in Vegas if u wanna spend $50笑
We have tried many of the buffets out in Vegas and this is the best we've had!!  
We went to Vegas with a group and of course didn't find this until half the group went home.
Overall presentation is fantastic!!  The line to get in should have tipped us off that this place was the one.  LONG lines, moved quite quickly.  The dining area itself is HUGE!!  I like that the tables aren't too close together and you don't have to listen to everyone else's conversations.
I'm the picky eater of the group and there were plenty of choices.  Your definitely not going hungry here.  Others in the group raved about the lamb.  I liked that they keep some of the breakfast foods out during the lunch buffet.  I'm not the earliest riser but still love to eat breakfast no matter what time of day.  Staff very friendly!! 
So glad we found this buffet.  Price was average! Food was great!!笑
So i read the holiday menu before i decided to take my family to dinner at a premium price .  I paid 211 for a party of four.  Several of the holiday items on the listed menu were not being offererd.  No lobster tail,caviar,lamb chops, scallops,or salted caramel mousse.   The buffet is small quality was great for what they did have but i give it a three star for the premium price yet not offering what they listed which would have made price worth it.  First and last time here I recommend the M resort great food great price and huge selection e wine and beer include笑
Went for lunch around 1:00. No line. The guys went to get their food while I waited at the table to give our drink orders. They came back w/their plates full of "ordinary" buffet food & then I went to scope out the choices. Came back w/hand rolled sushi & some other goodies & they said 'aww, where'd you get that?' Guys!! Look at all of your options before filling those plates!! Anyways, I really didn't have anything that I thought was super special. All of the hype for the buffet at Bellagio is a bit overrated, IMHO. The bread pudding & peanut butter cookies were pretty good tho. This buffet was ok, but not great. Lots of options & reasonable priced for lunch ($23) buffet. Maybe buffets aren't really my thing...it's a bit of a turn off when I see patrons who are spilling over both sides of their chairs chowing down on plate after plate of food.笑
This place is too much for the quality of food. Everything was either salty or cold. It also made my stomach hurt!! Don't eat here the Bacchanal is the place u need to try!笑
Food is average. One note flavors. Nothing poor, nothing great regarding the food. Drinks were strong when we could get them. Service was negligent and nearly non existent. Pray you don't get Guadalupe as your server otherwise you will be elbow deep in dirty plateware, which is reprehensible at a buffet. Even after speaking to management the situation remained the same. Definitely would suggest avoiding the buffet.笑
The buffet (like all the buffets in Vegas) is accessible through the casino.  We arrived around 10:40am during the week and there was no line at all.  We payed less than $20/person and got a little breakfast, lunch and dessert all rolled into one fatty brunch.  The breakfast to lunch food flip started happening around 11am.  

The breakfast was pretty standard, lots of American options: waffles, omelets, oatmeal, fruit, etc.  It seemed like a lot of the breakfast food stations on one side were just a repeat of the other side.  Most of my breakfast was lukewarm at best and not all that satisfying.  

The lunch food was a better, there was slightly more variety.  I was still disappointed with some of the food I got.  The lukewarm pizza and the overly bloody prime rib was literally bleeding on my plate.  I ended beefing up my plate with mostly seafood and items from the Chinese buffet station where the food was hot and flavorful.

I have a huge sweet tooth, so I had to hit up the dessert counter more than...er, twice.  But it was mostly because many of the desserts were individually plated on tiny little plates which made it difficult to hold more than 4 tiny plates in one trip AND I was sharing everything with the hubby, a little.  I seriously needed a tray.  I was on a mission to try one of everything; apple bars, cheesecake, fudge brownies, carrot cake, eclairs, mousses, chocolate covered strawberries, fruit tarts, crème brûlée, bread pudding, cookies with ice cream, etc.  If I would have known I was going to enjoy the desserts so much, I would have held back on the mediocre breakfast and lunch foods and worn my stretchy pants.  And yes, I do come up with any excuse to validate my actions to eat an obscene amount of dessert at a buffet.  Hands down the best part of the meal, dessert!笑
Honestly I only wanted to give it 3 stars. But, I know for a fact that Bellagio has the highest food cost of all the buffets, so I added another star for quality. 

For what you pay for a weekend dinner, there should be much larger selection. Yes there's prime rib, and various meats. Yes there's an area of just crab for all those people out there trying to earn money at buffets. Yes there's a small sushi area and a row dedicated to Asian food. But when you compare it to M or Wickedspoon... It pales. Especially the dessert section. 

This is a good buffet, don't think i don't appreciate it. And the service was very good and prompt as well. But if I had to choose where to take my family next time they visit, it's gotta be the M. Cheaper, bigger, equally delicious, and plus booze is included!笑
The labor day holiday garnered a forty dollar holiday dinner per person.  We waited about 45 min in line...boy, it was packed.  Overall the food was pretty average.  But  if you're seeking quanitity and variety, forty dollars is certainly worth it (e.g one lb of Alaskan King Crabs will cost you over 20 bucks at the grocery store so you do the math...) In that respect,  Bellagio's buffet is probably the best in Vegas (I'd choose Bellagio over Wynn as well). 

The service was excellent as our drinks were constantly refilled and plates were taken away promptly, 

The best parts of the buffet are the desserts, Alaskan king crab legs, and various pasta options.  The most disappointing were the cuts of meat such as the kobe beef and  prime rib which were dry and flavorless. 

Next time I'll skip the buffet though as i enjoy smaller quanities of food at a higher quality vs large quanities of mediocre food so i'd get a real meal at Michael Mina's down the hall.笑
This buffet was delicious! It's a higher quality of food which you can tell compared to some other buffets. Definitely glad we tried this one!笑
TRUST ME... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!  Go to Caesars Palace Bacchanal buffet, it's worth every penny. Hell, even the Red Rock buffet is better.  We went for Saturday brunch.  We got there at 1230pm and they were already out of lamb. They stated they would not make more! I thought this was a buffet? Over half of the buffet was dedicated to breakfast. Chinese food was garbage. Sushi was simple.  2 omelette stations.  Only meat at carving station was ham, Turkey and prime rib.  Lots of oatmeal and grits.  No good soup.  Mimosas were $15 aycd. They should be included free to make up for the subpar food! This place is cramped and the food is unimpressive. Such a shame for a beautiful hotel. I can't say enough bad stuff... The head chef should be ashamed!笑
While I'm a big fan of the Bellagio Buffet, I feel like the quality of food may not be as high as it was one of two years ago.  First off, they didn't have chocolate covered strawberries when I was there for dinner.  They also used to have a really great chocolate cake with a crunchy bottom which they no longer have anymore.  They also used to have great thin long breadsticks, but I didn't see them in my last visit.  I noticed the addition of pretzel rolls which were great.  The vol au vent station is new from the last time that I visited (a few years ago?), but it takes a long time to get the dish made because the cook was only making one at a time.  Maybe I was all buffeted out by the time I hit the Bellagio Buffet, but I remember being more impressed by it in previous visits.  Of course it still ranks heads above a lot of the Vegas buffets out there.笑
This is like fine dining at a buffet price. There is fresh sushi and salads. I always end up eating 2 of the creme brulees. Of course prime rib and crab legs have a plate of their own.笑
I've been here before in 2008, and the food was not exactly what I would have expected from a prestigious resort as The Bellagio. The wasabi was watery, and the sushi tasted like an untrained person made it for Costco (I'm sure you'll agree Costco sushi is one of THE worst you can have).
Fast forward to 2012, and I thought I'd give it another try, thinking that perhaps 2008's dining experience was a fluke. It was not. Once again, Bellagio insists on serving their hungry patrons with subpar "gourmet" food. What a serious joke! I am once again appalled at what I would refer to as "wasabi soup".
The carving station had "Kobe Beef Top Sirloin". Are they serious? There is no such thing as Kobe Beef outside of Japan.笑
I've only ever come here for lunch, which runs around $20. Food is fantastic. You come here expecting more upscale dishes, it being in the Bellagio, and you get just that. I make a run here every time I'm near the Bellagio.笑
We decided to hit this place up after doing reaserch on da web and this was rated one of the top 10 buffets in Vegas. I didnt care about the price because we were there in Vegas to celebrate my 30th Birthday. So we went to dinner like around 7 or so and we waiting in this big long line which moved pretty quick. So we get seated and we go food hunting lol. I hit up the sushi rolls section got a plate full but It was not the freshest let me tell you. It would fall apart just by picking it up and the rice didnt seem to good either. So BOOO for the sushi rolls. I go back and hit up the meat section. I got prime rib, quail, Kobe and some sides that I cant even think of being that this review im just writting is when I went last year. The Kobe was not as good as it should be. NASTY as meat. The Prime rib was also NASTY. The only thing good was probably the quail. Oh and the desserts were just alright. Paying like 80 dollas for dinner I expected wayyyyyy better quality food. Im sure there are cheaper and more better quality buffets out in Vegas. I soooooo dont recommend this place because after I ate and we were walking back to our hotel in the Aria hotel halway I was holding my yack in and as soon as I opened my room door  and I YACKED all the food I ate. GROSS笑
I was here for Memorial Day weekend when the buffet prices are higher. First of all, I have paid $50 per person for 6 people and never had such an awful buffet for this price. There wasn't selection for variety of food. The sushi was awful, the steak was awful. Just about everything was bad. I have been to Bellagio buffet many years and I remember it was pretty good. It has become shockingly bad and I am so very unhappy. This place has gone downhill big time.笑
Buffet here is good. Lots of food. OJ was $15 USD if I recall.

Hashbrowns 
Eggs
Meats
Fruits
Waffles
Omelettes笑
I decided to visit The Buffet at the Bellagio as I've had great memories with my family there. Sad to report that they'll be kept as memories as their current menu is disappointing. I came here during Monday, Memorial Day, and the menu was brunch themed, $35.99 or $53.99 for unlimited champagne.  I didn't mind,  who doesn't love a good brunch with bottomless mimosa? 

Let's start with the quality of food, it had depreciated. Their prime rib fried rice had little to none meat.  The craving station had a selection of prime rib (loved that we can cook it medium vs medium rare), honey glazed ham, and home made sausages. All basic meats.  As for their seafood, thawed snow crab legs, smoked salmon, and cocktail shrimps. They did have a sushi making station so I suppose you can accredit it as part of the seafood selection but it was lack luster. 

Being a bruch themed,  they had the typical pancakes,  mini waffles,  oatmeal, grits, etc. These all fall short of standards as well as the hollandaise sauce on the egg Benedict was flavorless.  

I will not revisit Bellagio's buffet again as the quality of the food does not match up to their price.笑
3.5 stars.

I used to absolutely LOVE the bellagio buffet but either I've gotten a little pickier about my food now or their quality has gone down over the years. 

The shrimp cocktail was pretty good, and so were the pesto mashed potatoes, sea bass, ahi tuna poke (so spicy but so good!), and the prime rib. But the kobe beef was really tough and a little too salty. I was really disappointed. The sashimi and sushi were also not too great, just plain average. The crab legs didn't wow me either, but it's nice that they have it cracked in half for you so you don't have to work as hard to get the meat out.

But I do love their beautiful dessert selection! There's a huge variety to choose from! Their creme brulee is delicious! And I love the chocolate covered strawberries! The napoleon is pretty good but I think it'd be better with a layer of chocolate or something. Their chocolate raspberry mousse cone thing is super cute but I was so sad that the cone was all soggy! :( 

I don't think it's worth an hour or more wait, but it's definitely worth a try at least once!笑
it was the night after the buffet at wynn..didn't expect too much, you know, all buffets at vegas are nearly the same. maybe just different in quality and varieties. 

Food: 3.5
vol au vent was great! it has it's own station, and you can add watever seafood, veggies you want. something a little different. 
sushi station: was watevers - but y go there for sushi? 
prime rib: no good..or not too good. very very raw and chewy
dessert: seemed like there were lotsa stuff to choose from, but from presentation to taste, it's "ehh." and that soft serve ice cream machine that looks the same as hometown buffet was a big big joke. soft serve ice cream with vanilla, chocolate flavors, and swirl in the middle? 
other food seemed interesting, but the taste was just hmm..not too good. 

Price: $28
service: so-so, do u really get serve at a buffet?
value: hmm..worth it, but probably won't go back.笑
Expensive but worth it. So glad I tried the infamous Bellagio buffet while in Vegas. They have steak tartar, crab legs, endless veggie options & tons of deliciousness for a reasonable Vegas-buffet price!!笑
It hurts me to give The Bellagio Buffet 1 star, but the food was absolutely horrible. If my husband says the food was bad then it was bad. I had to ask for a fork 3 times because every fork I received was dirty with either dried food and soap scum! The rotisserie chicken was drier than a sponge, the homemade mashed potatoes taste like they were made with spoiled milk and the beef brisket looked like a patio desk, it was completely dried out. 

For $49 at The Bellagio, I expected mouth watering selections and got the total opposite. So if you're hungry and don't care about the taste and it's convenient, then enjoy, but I just wasted $50. 

Oh and no Crab Legs until 3:30pm and no creme brûlée, I'm SO done. The buffet at The Paris hotel tasted MUCH better than The Bellagio. Only gave this review one star because I had to and that goes to the poor waitress Cici! Thanks for a HORRIBLE last meal in Vegas. I won't be back and I do NOT recommend.笑
AMAZING. Ate so much i could barely walk out of the place. Price is perfect and such a wide variety of delicious food. HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!!笑
If you like waiting in line like an amusement park...you will love this place. In general, I don't like buffets but my wife does. However, I only eat at them in Vegas! The food is amazing and so is the waste-I am reminded that there are many people that do not have enough to eat. Of course, if you are a small eater you cannot get your moneys worth. The opposite is true. It is nice to try it but not an everyday while on vacation.笑
if you wait for less than 30 minutes to get seated and eating, consider yourself lucky! food-wise, bellagio buffet does not disappoint and bound to fill you up...

my favorites?
1. prime rib
2. alaskan and snow crab
3. the salad selections
4. pork belly
5. desserts, desserts, desserts笑
Breakfast Buffet is good but I don't like American food.
nice hotel and beautiful room .This hotel the best in my life.
( my room 35059 ) 6/17/13笑
I stuffed myself silly twice at this buffet. Such a wide selection of tasty bites. Desserts everywhere. Prime rib, lamb, crab, eggs, sides, salads, etc. I will be back again!笑
Amazing buffet for breakfast or lunch. Depending on the time you go they will have more breakfast stuff or lunch stuff out. Didn't get a chance to try the supper. Good quality food and something for everyone!笑
Hmmm, 2 words OVER RATED, wait 2 more, OVER PRICED.  

So we had the champagne brunch this morning.  Actually my husband didn't have champagne- so his price was $25, if you want champagne it's $5 extra.  

I read reviews here yesterday before deciding to fork out $60 for brunch.  The only conclusion I can come to at this point is that most of the reviews must be tourists.  I'm a local, and this buffet is NOT "the best buffet ever".  I'm used to buffets, so walking in and seeing tons of food doesn't shock me.   My husband would have preferred Golden Corral over this, not me though.

The main reason we came here was because my parents had comps and we wanted to have breakfast with them.  So we didn't have to wait in the nice long line.

As for the food, it was decent.  The selection wasn't that great- at first it looks great, until you realize there are a lot of duplicates- like bacon in 4 different areas, sausage if 4 different areas, whole roasted potatoes in 3 different area....ya get it?  I also don't think the layout of the food flows nicely either.  It's all chopped up so it's very easy to miss things.  

I'm a pretty plain eater so I had things like bacon, french toast, roasted potatoes, pizza, a nice salad, prime rib,  mashed potatoes and some dessert.  Everything was good, but again, $30 worth....I don't think so.

Oh and their desserts look great, but they were all room temperature.  I don't know about ya'll, but I like my cheesecake to be cold!!  Oh, and no ice-cream.  What the hell, the buffet at Sunset Station that costs $10 has real ice-cream.  Not that soft serve ice milk crap!!  

I see that other reviews mention crab legs- there were not any when we were there.

The service was good, just good.  I wouldn't say it was anyting spectacular, it was as expected.  Our plates where cleared in a timely manner and our drinks where always pretty full.  I was kinda annoyed though when I told the waitress that I wanted a mimosa.  She basically just dumped some OJ in my champagne glass that was 3/4 full.  So after she added the OJ it was full to the brim.  And maybe it's just me, but pulp free OJ would be nice in a mimosa.

I highly doubt we will be returning to this buffet.  I think the husband and I will try The Wicked Spoon.   And if we don't like that we'll stick to The M.  

I'd much rather go to The M, where beer and wine are included with your price.  The M has a seafood dinner buffet on the weekends for the same price as this brunch, and it's their original dinner buffet PLUS seafood, so it'll work for those who don't like seafood.  

Really, if you are leaving Vegas, and going home to California, stop at The M on your way out of town!笑
The wait was forever. They need to pick it up like New York and clear tables faster. Food was great though! Especially the steak and desserts!笑
The only reason I'm giving it three stars was the service.  From the hostess, waiter to the cooks behind carving everyone was great.  The food however brings it down.  Overcooked lamb chops, venison, and chicken.  Flan that wasn't set and cocoa powder was visible in the chocolate gellato.笑
Came here for a Friday lunch buffet.  Selection just ok, but maybe it was the time of day. To get a little more of our money's worth, we managed to oh so discretely snag 5 muffins, 5 pears, 2 apples, and 5 cookies and hide them somewhere on our bodies as we left (Couple of close calls with the numerous waitstaff.  Think they were a bit suspicious when one minute we had 5 muffins sitting on a plate and the next minute they were all gone, including the paper wrapping).  Did get well-deserved props from the peeps sitting at the table next to us for our covert operation.笑
Good food. Long line. It is really hard to say if this one is better of if the Wynn takes the top spot but either way, you won't leave here hungry. We went for brunch and the omelet station was amazing.笑
I have to say that I was really disappointed :(

We waited for two hours to get in expecting glorious food. NOT. I really was looking forward to the crab legs, but they were snow crab and really tiny. It was way too much work for nothing. It was kinda messy around the food areas, even with all of the staff "cleaning" up everything. 

I don't think this is a repeater. Bummer.笑
Second time here, and have decided that I would not come back, unless it was the only place I could go to with my family for whatever reason. Not sure if quality went downhill, or I no longer have the same tastes. Was a lot of variety, but nothing wowed me enough to want seconds.

To be fair, people come here for the king crab legs, and people were waiting on line, piling their plates. 

Shrimp cocktail and Alaskan crab legs -- seafood highlights that people flocked to 

Fruit station - cantaloupe, honey dew, and watermelon 

Ice cream -- the chocolate one wasn't working well, and came out super slow. Was also watery and melted quickly. 

Soups - chicken noodle was the highlight, but they had other ones 

Breakfast - turkey and pork sausages, eggs (but the powdered kind, not the fresh ones), French toast that lacked any seasoning or flavor, small waffle rounds (regular and Red Velvet). Bacon that was cooked well enough that most of it was crispy. Nothing worse than spongey bacon that has fat yet to be rendered off
Small bagels, but only butter and mini jams, no cream cheese. Or I couldn't find it. 

Japanese - Sushi, but it was made with ridiculous amounts of rice. Like 60% of the roll was all rice. By the time I picked out the actual imitation crab meat/veggies, it was so insignificant. 

Chinese - can't imagine buffets cooking Chinese food well, so steered clear of this. I may be a little biased from NYC Chinatown, so take my words with a grain of salt. 

Salad bar - Romaine, spinach, and some kind of spring mix blend. Romaine looked the freshest, so got a plate of that piled with shredded carrots, onion, big juicy grape tomatoes. Wasn't a big salad bar and not a lot of veggie options to go with it, but was still refreshing enough. Had the typical dressings : Balsamic, Ranch, Cesar, Blue Cheese. 

Italian - had plenty of pasta dishes, but was too full to try any! Mostly red sauces, I think. 

Desserts - were adorable, but they always are. Little cakes, tiny mason jars of pudding or creams, macarons (although the tray went fast and they didn't replace it!), macaroons, an assortment of cookies, and so much more! 
Baskets of bananas and apples-- take some to go! 

Linger long enough after a late lunch and you can get first dibs on the dinner items. 
Tables were spaced apart appropriately. It's hard to enjoy dining if someone is always squeezing their way in and knocking your arms/elbows. 

Staff was so friendly. Our waiter came by so many times with our waters and orange juices. Was nice and pleasant each and every time. He seemed relaxed, as if he was working leisurely, but still managed to attend to everyone. 

Also, Annabelle was super helpful : my sister and her family had been seated, but I was running a little late. I waited in line, but then asked if I could skip ahead to pay and join my family. Once I proved that my family was actually inside (my sister had to go and show her the table with her husband and baby! Lol, maybe people are desperate enough to lie and jump the line??), she helped me go pay and saved me at least 30-45 minutes! Really appreciated that, as she didn't have to say yes.笑
Here for the brunch. It's not bad it's just not living up to the reviews. I would compare it to the rio buffet.笑
Disappointed. Nothing stood out. The deserts were okay. I honestly expected more !笑
I came here about a month ago and I was utterly disappointed. I came here on a Thurs night and spent about $30 for food that didn't taste good. The only food that I enjoyed here was the tuna tar tar and steak tar tar. These two were located at the sushi bar. It is actually behind the counter, so you have to request it from the sushi chef. 

Other than that, the prime rib was bland and cold, the crab legs were disgusting, and the desserts were only ok. 

For $30, I tried to get my money's worth by eating 3 plates of crappy food. My friend, who is a local, was smart. She stopped after 1 plate. Actually, I don't think she finished her plate. Yes, it was that bad.笑
Unfortunately the Bellagio Buffet is no longer great, it is just good or ok now.  Either my standards have gone up, or they have gone a bit downhill!  I don't know if it was just the day we were there, or if it is always like this now.  We used to make it a point to visit the Bellagio Buffet each time we came to Vegas. But that was 10 years ago. It had been at least several years since we had been to the Bellagio Buffet. We were not impressed. It was the day after a holiday that we went this time. They charged us holiday prices even though the holiday had passed. We thought that since they were charging more that they may have some special items. We were wrong! We went there for Brunch. They did have Crab Legs, but they were served Cold with Cocktail Sauce rather than warm with Drawn Butter. Everything else was just average, and I remember the Sushi actually being kind of bad. I can remember years ago having exotic items at the Bellagio like BBQ Wild Boar Ribs, or really good Pasta dishes. But this time it was all just standard Buffet fare. None of which was particularly good. The Desserts looked good, but surprisingly nothing really tasted that great. We agreed that Aria and even the Mirage have better Buffets! If you are staying there i'm sure it is fine for Breakfast or Lunch. But don't make a special trip for this one anymore!! It's too bad, because it used to be the best! Now it is just like every other buffet.笑
I tried this buffet once, and I had a much higher expectations.
Only thing memorable for me was their salad bar, just because I love fresh vegetables, and they had those. Other than that, there was nothing to write home about.
Meats were mediocre at best, Seafoods were underwhelming, and after tasting the desserts (which were the only things that were visually appealing), I decided maybe this place isn't for me... Hopefully they step up their game, so we get more choices of buffets eat at during our stay in Vegas.笑
So much variety.  We went at 7 am on a Saturday and surprisingly we were able to enjoy breakfast and lunch! Lots to choose from however I didn't see many desserts.笑
Very comparable to Ceasar's Baccanal, at a much better price. Lots of choices, very high quality meats and shellfish.笑
Sunday of Memorial Day wkd, 730pm. Plan B after Bacchanal at Caesar's gave us a 2-hr wait.

The Buffet at Bellagio has soooo fallen off it's allure and pedestal of being one of the top, high-end buffets in Vegas of years ago. The first sign was that we (party of 2) only had to wait 15 minutes.

Their carving station meats were not plentiful and selective. Meats did not taste all that good. Ribs were dry. Steaks were dry. Turkey tasted like cardboard.

Turkey gravy was super salty. 

One of the carvers took his sweet @ss time slicing every single piece of prime rib and turkey. Makes for an even longer wait! arghhh!

The layout is horrible. 

Not much main dish selection. 

Food was very tasteless.

Everything seemed so "bulk cafeteria" made.

They close at 1030, but at 9pm, the dessert station was "all out of chocolate covered strawberries". So lame.

Desserts did not taste good. The cheesecake was so bad. Didn't even have any chocolate cake selections!

A sign of a buffet that is not high-end? When the ice cream station is NOT manned by a human being. More of a sign that a buffet is actually low-end? When the ice cream station is a crappy soft-serve, manual, help-yourself dispenser! This is a severe contrast to the manned, well-decorated, well-presented gelato stations at the Rio Carnival, the Aria Buffet, the Bacchanal, etc.

To top things off, it was a "holiday weekend", so they charged "holiday prices". $47.99+tax pp. Yet, the selection, the quality, and the experience was barely better than that of cross of Hometown Buffet and Souplantation!

Sorry Bellagio Buffet. Never again until you renovate, reinvent, and rejuvenate!笑
It was a monday night in vegas and we decided to check out the Bellagio Buffet.  This used to be a highly rated buffet and I used to somewhat look forward to coming here but it may be possible that the buffet has gone down in quality or my buffet eating days are over.

They do have a pretty broad selection of foods from Chinese, Japanese, Italian and everything in-between.  There definitely is no lack of variety here.  

Many of the items are standard fare at the higher end buffets in Sin City.  A mountain of shrimp cocktail and snow crab legs on ice always draw a small line.  The shrimp cocktail was it's usual, appetizing, but the snow crab was not as fresh as usual and had a funny taste to it.  The meat was hard to get out of the shells which is usually a sign that the crab wasn't fresh.  Maybe being there on a Monday has something to do with it.

The selection of fish was great.  Salmon that was prepared sashimi, smoked, poached, and every which way you can imagine.  There was also swordfish and sea bass.

For dessert fans there is a huge bar filled with mini cheesecakes, carrot cake, soft serve ice cream, creme brulee, and much, much more.  This is great for anyone who just wants to try a little bit of everything.

I would still venture to the Vegas buffets.  Once in awhile you just like the variety and don't care enough to think of a specific restaurant to eat at.  The smorgasbord in the Bellagio is a good backdrop for an eating competition or where quantity rules over quantity.笑
A buffet of average. Everything is okay, nothing is bad, but for bellagio you'd expect a little more. It's not expensive relative to other buffets but it's not cheap either. They seem to have conceded to being average, and they shouldn't have.笑
If you want to get a true Las Vegas buffet experience The Buffet at Bellagio is a must. The food was amazing with a huge variety. Some notable offerings were prime rib, kobe sirloin, chilled king crab legs, and beef wellington. The deserts were amazing, especially the creme brulee and tiramisu. Being one of the more upscale hotels in Legas the buffet is a bit more expensive than others but definitely worth it as the quality matches the price quite well.笑
The Bellagio Buffet used to be the premier buffet but that is definitely in the past.  We got there early so the line only took about 35 minutes for dinner a Sunday night.  We were seated in the back and honestly it felt like we were cattle just bring thrown into a seat and drinks thrown on our table.  I told my husband it felt like what I imagine Hometown Buffet to be like.  The food...sigh...everything looked like it had been sitting out for a while and was dried out.  It was all very typical buffet food, nothing special.  The carrot cake was good though!  Oh and 14 bucks for a glass of 2 buck chuck seemed a little ridiculous but it's Vegas, nothing is cheap.  Basically what I'm saying is that I wasn't impressed, had much better food at the Wicked Spoon over at the Cosmo.  It got even worse when I was hit with severe food poisoning and was violently ill the rest of the night.  This was just yesterday and I'm driving home sick drinking pedialyte and water.  Thanks Bellagio!  You used to be high end, now you have kids all over the casino and serve vomit inducing food.  Time to rebrand maybe...just a thought.笑
this is honestly QUALITY FOOD for a buffet. you can't go to Vegas and not try the buffet at Bellagio. about $25 for friday lunch. again, I am talking QUALITY food! oh my...I wish I got that 4th plate now.笑
This review will be short & straight to the point. Out of all the Vegas Buffett options I'll admit that I was disappointed at the Buffett at Bellagio. Walked in with high expectation but delivered average experience. Overall, the food was just ok and nothing stood out as far as must have to try. Service was great and my three stars are most given for the excellent all you can drink option at the Buffett. Can enjoy bottomless mimosas, beer, Bloody Mary, & white/red sangria!! If the area, I thought Wicked Spoon at Cosmo was better as far as food options.笑
OK. It's a giant buffet. What I liked about it (other than the waiting in line, which is not so fun) is that it has many healthy choices amidst the usual fare.笑
To go here, one must have their "artist's hat" on.  "Why?", you may ask.  Well, here, the palette is the plate.  From there you can freewheel and create.  

My first masterpiece...I call Japan | Americana | Italia.  Basically it was some sushi (w/ heaps of wasabi, of course), a slider (mini-burger), and a shrimp pizza.

My next creation, she is called "Boned Things with Green and Red".  This consisted of sliced turkey, some ribs, a duck leg, and a color pop from asparagus and cranberry sauce.

And lastly, the pièce de résistance--I call her "Raw Sweetness".  This consisted of three unique-looking dessert dishes, a bowl of fruit, and some raw Scottish Salmon (I'm half Scottish--represent!).

All in all a good trip.  Gorging wasn't part in parcel for this trip to this "high-end buffet".  In other words, I didn't belly up to the seafood counter and snag the entire crab bowl and have off with it.

Have never been disappointed here.笑
I went for Dinner Buffet on a Friday night. At 7pm, the line to get in was really long. This buffet must downgraded on it's quality and quantity from before. Many of the yelp pictured items does NOT exist in this buffet - Don't get fouled by the pictures that is dated many years ago. Items are very limited compare to other Vegas Buffets. 

The snow crabs is so small that they don't even bother to split in half like other buffets. Jonah claws and shrimp was decent. Other than these three seafood, I don't see any other seafoods. Don't bother to come to this place if you are a seafood lover. It's hard to grab the snow crabs, claws, and shrimp because these were placed on top of large ice and your wrist will get in contact the sneeze guards. 

Sushi is a joke. Poorly made. Tasted dry and disgusting. Other "standard" Buffet food are okay. Not too bad, not impressive either. 

Very limited selection of the desserts. I guess they used to have two levels of desserts and a lot of ice cream types where you use scoops (See Yelp Pictures). Now, only one level of repeated desserts and three type of ice cream in a soft serve ice cream machine (the machine that you see at McDonalds). I love sweets, so no complain in the taste. It's all delicious. 

Overall, Bellagio's Buffet was a big disappointment. It's like paying a high price going to golden corral with snow crab and more seating. Go to Wynn or Caeser's buffet, it's better than Bellagio.笑
maybe its good if i never went to the buffet at Wynn笑
Due to the long line at the buffet at Caesars Palace, I came here for dinner before the Celine Dion concert. I thought the seafood and desserts were going to be good because of the price I paid. The snow crabs were all half frozen and I had to have them steamed before I could eat them. The desserts were okay but way worse than I expected. The Asian food was also disappointed: the Chinese broccoli was nearly tasteless and the miso soup tasted like soy sauce in water. The only thing I liked was the smoked salmon. The tuna poke was also good. But I don't think I will return any time soon.笑
As much as I was excited about it because it was only $30 for brunch from the minute I entered the seating area I was disappointed . 

Firstly the people who are behind counters need to wear head caps I found a hair in my food . Secondly nothing was properly filled and it really wasn't tasty . To be fair I have to say buffets are never about taste. 

The sweetest were simple and nice . I think the desserts was the best part and that gets the one day star. Wouldn't go there again! Try Wynn buffet it million times better and not a stinky room .笑
Waiting a looooooooong time for the holiday meal was the terrible experience at Christmas night, and the food was not as good as expected!笑
We went here after eating at the rio buffet for several years in a row on our other trips. Our friends had gotten married and everyone went after. We were late and after catching up on some sleep made it over.. It was a weekend so it was like $10 more.. Never again. It may have been all the "gourmet" food but no thank you!! I'm easy, good quality sea food (hot or warm crab legs not cold or iced) and traditional buffet foods. This was not. It was all very good quality but to damn fancy for me. I tried caviar for the first and last time.. Three different kinds. I'm sure that may have been worth the $39 we paid per person but as for me it was way way over priced.

The desert section was awesome! Gotta love bananas foster!笑
Sorry,
The worst buffet I ever ate. It didn't smell like good food when I hit the door. The carpet smelled of mildew. The Easter special started early and one would have thought the food would be at least half decent. The sushi bar...wait I forgot there was no sushi bar. Actually, there was, but you can get better sushi at whole foods or even the grocery store. Save your money. Go to McDonald's.笑
I will preface with the fact I hate buffets.  Are those 5 stars a mistake?  Nope... because Bellagio's Sunday Brunch blew me away. 

As a vegetarian my options are usually limited and or boring and I don't get the value out them compared to someone with 5 pounds of snow crab legs.  Typically I'll wonder through a buffet to get an idea of what's there,  pick up a tiny little piece of a few good looking things and likely not like anything enough to try for seconds.  If I do get seconds it's because I didn't find enough eating on my round of picking to satisfy the hunger.   Desserts are really the only aspect I look forward to.   Buffets are usually bad to OK food that's rather costly and I usually eat too much and regret it after. 

The brunch here though...  I did my standard nipples round and liked most things I tried which placed me in an interesting situation of what I really wanted to consume there that day!  I ate mostly non-desserts... by choice!  The world nearly ended right there.  Not everything was amazing,  but most was good to great.  I left stuffed and unwilling to eat anything at all the rest of the day.... and it was worth it for once.

Is was expensive but for once worth it - $60 I think for the two of us sans alcohol.   Considering that  was all I wanted to eat that day and I really liked it I think that was a buffet fleecing that I don't regret and would revisit another time.笑
A few reviews got it right. This place is nothing special at all. Could be any second rate buffet anywhere. Dry, cardboard textured fish, wet, over-dressed salads, soggy pizza, and what I would consider a lack of choice. Oh, we also sat at a table surrounded by tables that had not been cleaned - dirty dished heaped around us. The value is there if your going to make 16 runs to the crab claw and shrimp table as most where doing with crab legs stacked 18 inches high on a plate. My advice - skip this place!笑
OMG I think I had like 10 foodgasms while eating here.

**WARNING: ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS SERVED ONLY ON WEEKENDS!**

Fortunately, I went on a weekend :D

There was a long line that seemed to have no ending. However the wait was only about 35mins in total. And I was willing to wait for crab legs! It went by pretty darn quick. 

After I was seated, I rushed towards the buffet. I didn't know where to start. So I just went for whatever I came upon first. ALASKAN CRAB LEGS! They are conveniently cut open in half so you wouldn't have to go through the pain of cracking them open yourself. Dipped in butter with a bit of lemon.. omg.. heaven. 

MEATS:
-beef
-pork
-chicken
-quail
-duck
etc.

DESSERTS:
They have a HUGEE variety of desserts. anywhere from flan to froyo. 

They also have kobe beef. I got it but I didn't eat it for fear that I'd die from e.coli.. the slice of meat was bleeding on my plate. It didn't seemed cooked at all..

SUSHI:
They also have sushi! hand rolls, rolls, sashimi, etc. Their spicy tuna hand rolls are amazing. I wish I could have taken some home with me... 

SEAFOOD: 
-sushi
-crab
-shrimp cocktail
-fish

SERVICE:
My waitress was very kind and she took all my used plates away immediately. She provided me with a yellow cloth whenever I asked for one. My drink was always filled to the top. 

PRICE:
$40.

If you crave it, they've got it!笑
Average.笑
Wow... so for the second night in Vegas for the first time in my life... we went to The Buffet at the Bellagio.  The line wasn't extremely long from the front, even on a Friday night.  We did get there pretty early around 6:30, which gave us enough time for our 10pm show.  Once we paid, we were promptly seated.  This place is huge.  We quickly went to get our first plates (yes, PLATES, plural) of food.  I went straight for some veggies, fish, slice of pizza, crab legs.  There are maybe about five to seven buffets... Sushi/Salads/Mediterranean; Meats (Turkey, Kobe Beef, Rack of Lamb, Prime Rib) which also has the asparagus, mushrooms, mash potatoes; Italian (pizzas, pesto pasta, ravioli, lasagna type thing); Asian (fried rice, fish...etc.); and a few other buffets that I didn't want to try.  The desserts are phenomenal!  The must-trys are the creme brulee and the sorbets (raspberry and peach).  They had a lot of unique pastries as well.  Overall, I'd definitely eat here again... but be willing to fork out close to $100 for two people.笑
The people who give this place a bad review are either crazy or rich/stuck up. The bellagio buffet is so yummy. Husband & I have been there twice and loved it so much both times. (but we are middle class types, not expecting a fine dining experience at a buffet for goodness sakes). There's a huge selection and everything we tried was really good. Even the pasta & pizza which are normally gross at buffets, was good quality & delicious. The sushi area is great compared to other buffets, the crab legs (cold, but both snow & king) were amazing! The mashed potatoes were incredibly yummy. I seriously fantasize about this place all the time, the quality & selection are top notch, unless you're a huge snoot apparently.笑
AMAZING!
So many different types of food!
Everything I tried was delicious, they even had a great fruit & dessert bar.
If I had to choose the last meal of my life I'd choose to have it here.笑
Cheaper and not as good as it used to be. Not bad but not the 5* it used to be. I could say it was the best buffet I'd been to ever before (I'm a foodie and usually don't do them but if I hear of a great one). but this last trip, the $ went down and so did the quality.笑
I really hate being negative. However I would suggest skipping out on the brunch. Unless you love pastrys.the coffee is horrible. I am pretty sure that it is instance, ie just add watter and stir. And the rest well let's just say Karl Strauss Brewing Company can do brunch better and they make beer.笑
For a buffet at Bellagio i was expecting a better service. The wait time was more than an hour and after getting in we waited  like ten minutes for our drinks. Food was decent. 
Probably i wouldn't come back.笑
We were really pleased with the quality of food and service. We went to the Sunday Brunch. It'd 24.95 without champagne and 29.99 with. I got a shrimp omelet, prime rib, French toast and hazelnut French toast. Everything was really good. My boyfriend got the pork belly and that was excellent.笑
Best breakfast buffet in USA I say. I hate buffets but love the Bellagios for breakfast. The coffee is better than starbucks. Understand there may be a line but its well worth it. Came here for my wifes 30th birthday breakfast and look..shes picky and high falootin and still loves it. Maybe she wont admit it...but....笑
A disappointment. The other reviews led me to set my expectations higher than I normally would for a buffet - bad move. This is a step above Golden Corral but not worth the price. Just go to a real restaurant.笑
Real Alaskan king crab legs & caviar, kobe beef, flan, creamer brûlée, are a few,,,,perfect dishes.
Bellagio Buffet is #1
Yes better than Bucchanal at Caesars :-)笑
The only bad thing about this buffet is the line. Both times we went we waited for a minimum of 1.5 hours just to get in. IT WAS WORTH IT. 

There is no better selection that we could find and the food was delicious! They had the largest dessert area and it was all so yummy.笑
Lunch for two on April 12, 2012 - Thursday afternoon at 2 PM. Worst buffet Ive ever eaten at in Vegas. $48 for two - food looked decent, tasted like crap. Overcooked, over salted mushy pastas... Shrimp were soggy and limp (old), Seared salmon was very fishey, tasted oild, RIbs were half cooked and tough and VERY salty, the ceaser salad was limp and soggy, even the cheesecake was bland and pasty. HOW do you ruin cheescake? The only decent food I had was the flank steak (and I could have gotten a top flank steak anywhere else for $5.99)  I went here because I'd read good reviews online... I normally go to Sams Town or Rio. I will never go back to this buffet again it was a waste of money and time. I could barely eat the food and I am NOT a picky eater! I almost complained immediately and asked for my money back. I wish I had, as 90% of the food we took went into the trash..笑
Food good but not as good as Wicked Spoon of Wynn's buffet.
Service was not good.
Restrooms were terrible!!!笑
If you were expecting a reasonably priced buffet with amazing food, then Bellagio Buffet might not be for you.  We had a party of 9 for Saturday night, so after tip (automatic gratuity) and a drink it was $45 per person.  Not cheap at all.  Don't expect five-star food but the ambiance was OK.  There are plenty of other dinner options in vegas for this price.  The lunch here is going to be a better value for you.  I will give it 3.5 stars for now.  I was really really contemplating going to Craftsteak at the MGM instead and I was kind of regretting it half way through the buffet.  At least we didn't have to stand in line.

Dislikes:

Spicy ahi poke that was way, way, way too spicy.

Kobe beef roast that was dry and gamey.  In fact it was gross.  A slice of angus beef would have been way better.

Cramped seating.  They put our group on the left side in a narrow area.  Come on it's the Bellagio.

So so service.

Likes:

Osso bucho-The ingredients were extremely hearty and flavorful.  The bone was left in to remind you what you were eating.  They get 5 stars for attempting this dish.

Creme Brulee had a nice texture and wasn't too sweet.

The tiramisu had a mousse-like texture with plenty of coffee goodness on the bottom packaged in an edible chocolate cup.

The cocktail shrimp were clean, fresh, and not overcooked.

Lobster ravioli-Yes there was definitely lobster meat inside.笑
Been to this Brunch buffet about six years ago and must have had a great experience as it still stuck in my memory. 
Went two days before Christmas 2013 and found the dinner price at $48 per person.  Not cheap. While King Crab Legs in theory sound fantastic, what was offered was inedible.  Half of it was still frozen.  The thawed out pieces must have been thawed once before then absorbed too much water then got refrozen as they were saturated in liquid making them rubbery and bland.  
Kobe beef should be fork tender, but my knife was unable to cut trough. Overall, low quality  ingredients and amateur execution.  Highlights were the pork ribs, the marinated tuna sashimi and the crème brûlée on the desert table. 
Rather disappointing!笑
Some times in life, you are afforded the unfortunate opportunity of walking the path that a few others have not yet forged and are bequeathed with the putrid task of enlightening them to not follow. I feel as if I am taking this experience as positively as I can and present you with the postulation that I have been more bestowed with the  responsibility of giving you the knowledge I so desperately needed 24 hours ago. 

This buffet has its nerve calling what tasteless slop they are passing off as food edible. I have to say, I was so hungry I probably could have eaten anything but there was not one dish served here that I tried that even remotely had any pleasant taste to it. It was either weird tasting (the tacos... Wtf was in that guac? How do you screw up guac?), had a disgusting texture (pretty sure mashed potatoes shouldn't all pick up on one fork when you take a bite but good news is you could lay bricks with it), or was just outright tasteless (I *think* it was corn chowder?). 

And come on. How you gonna mess up a cake?  It's flour and sugar. Children make cakes. There's just no excuse for serving some nasty stale tasteless crud. 

I would be ashamed to feed people that food let alone charge for it. 

Now for the dirty details...

I asked for a regular coke. Got a diet. No big deal. I'm a flexible girl and I'm pretty easy going. But when I ask a dude for a regular coke and he's gone for twenty minutes and I reduce myself to actually drinking a diet coke you know it just got real. I had to bus my own table by moving my dirty dishes to a table people had already left with Brie dirty dishes. I started making what I referred to as the leaning tower of shame. So I thought, hey. The manager probs should know about this so I said listen up, bro. Here's what's wrong with your establishment and from my lips to Gods ears, changes need to happen starting ground up my friend. Ground. Up. 

My compensation? I got offered a bottle of wine. I don't drink. And 20% of my bill. I didn't eat anything. 

However. This wholeeeeee experience makes me wanna start drinking. So there's that in my life now. 

Long story short this place will be getting my bill for Betty ford. And Burger King. 

Deuces, Bellag. You won't be blessed with the grace of my awesome company again and that, I feel, is the ultimate punishment.笑
Came for dinner on a Monday night and it was pretty slow in here.
All of the staff working the place were very efficient and polite.
For $38, there was nothing special here whatsoever.

Prime Rib was very, very dry and no flavor at all.
Corned beef, good but again very dry.
Dry turkey and dry rotisserie chicken.  (I see a trend here).

Salad bar was ok.  Several different toppings and dressings, nothing that I haven't seen at any other salad bar.
Italian area.  Several pastas and pizzas.  Beef ravioli's were just OK.  Cavatelli with sun-dried tomatoes and gorgonzola cheese was good.
Asian area.  Boring.  Good chicken shu mai, terrible looking chow-mein.
Taco bar was seriously lacking, each time we walked by nobody was even working it.
The one time a guy was working it, he was unloading tortillas out of plastic bags. 
Seafood area.  Cold crab legs, cold shrimp and Jonah claws.  WHY?  Why not steamed.  BORING this way.  Come on!

Then there is another salad bar, not sure why it is in a different area, this one has prepared salads.  Caesar was pretty good.  Grapefruit, kale and pine nut salad was interesting and good.  The best thing here was the poke, which I have never seen at a buffet before.
Why the sushi was over here and not by the Asian food???? Not sure but really out of place.
Here, next to the sushi you will find the cheese, good assortment, no meats.  Oh, and then the breads are on the other side of the room.  Weird arrangements.

Desserts were nothing at all to wow about.  Puddings, tarts, cookies and OOOOHHHH soft serve ice cream direct from Golden Corral.  No gelato, no strawberries, no creme brulee, no tira misu.  Where is the good stuff that everyone is so "wow" about?

No alcohol included.  Wine is $14 more per glass.

We were not impressed and would not recommend this buffet at all.
For less $$ and far better food, the M resort kicks this buffet's A$$.笑
Belagio buffet is definitely one of my favorite buffets in vegas. Dinner more than breakfast for sure! The beef Wellington is amazing!!!! And the service from the waiters is on point.笑
The food was amazing, rack of lamb, beef wellington and steak tatar. Just to name a few items. I was in vegas for the memorial weekend hence higher cost, $47 ppl笑
I'm not really sure how to rate the buffet at The Bellagio. It's good quality, but if you don't like seafood you are having your options cut down significantly and your enjoyment will largely depend on what interests you out of a limited selection. Sometimes it's OK, sometimes I end up eating the same 2 or 3 things and filling up on the very good desserts.

The non seafood eater is simply subsidizing everyone else at this expensive buffet. Not only is there a dedicated section full of fish and other seafood, the Asian food is strongly fish themed. 

Seafood lovers rejoice. Seafood haters are probably better off at a Station Casino.笑
I love the Wynn buffet just as much as I love this one, but the Bellagio buffet gets that 5th star due to VARIETY!

I've only had the Bellagio buffet for dinner, but I've had it at least 4 times.  Each time I enjoyed myself thoroughly, and during my successive visits I knew what to avoid and what to get a ton of right off the bat.

Love their Kobe beef, pesto mashed potatoes, sushi/poke, large variety of pre-made salads, pasta... pretty much everything!  Their steak tartare used to be better, I'm not sure what's happened to it the last couple times, but it just doesn't taste as good...

The one thing that disappoints me is that everything else is higher quality than regular buffets, except for the dessert!  They still have machines filled with artificial and yucky frozen yogurt, average cookies, average cake/pie, good but not amazing bread pudding and cobblers.  This is the one area that makes me want to change the Bellagio to 4 stars, but I will resist.笑
expensive for that kind of price.

old place.

dark lightings.

bad food.

i hate the sushi rolls.

the dessert tastes cheap.笑
I really wasn't impressed with the buffet.  I've had buffets that were 1/3rd of the price better than this.  I didn't eat much of the buffet and for over $50+/person, I felt it should have been better.

The Kobe beef was just marginal and not what I expected.  Prime rib was alright.  The sushi bar didn't have a large variety, just very minimal.  There was caviar - three types.  Really could have done without this, but at least we wanted to try this.

However, my husband and I really did love the coconut macaroons here and they were about the best we've tasted.  There were a large selection of desserts and I felt more than the options for things at the buffet.

I did really like the broccolini, but to pay this much for greens?  My husband and some of the family tasted the few Asian dishes and they said it wasn't that great.  

My husband and I did like the pork tenderloin and that was very tender.  There were some Thanksgiving type food and maybe cooking for a buffet diminished the taste of the food.  I don't know.  A bit disappointing. 

There was also a taco bar and some Latino type foods, but they didn't look appealing.  Salad bar was also marginal.  Sweet Tomatoes has them way outdone here.

Guess I was thinking of Bellagio as a grand hotel, I would expect a grand buffet.  But, I think my expectations were too high.  I would expect that it would be better than a $15-20 buffet, but I was wrong.

Very generous of my mom to foot the bill for her 4 of her children and our families.  $$$$$.

I would like to add, the server waiting on our half of the table, Lorde (sp?), was top notch.  He was excellent and I give him a 10 star out of 5 stars.  He cleared our plates regularly, filled our drinks regularly, was humorous, but polite.  Very professional and he worked hard the 2 hours we were there - not only on our table but the other tables he was responsible for.  Great job by him.  I didn't pay attention to the other end of the table of our party of 16, though.

Some of my family did get a lot of crab, but I'm too lazy to crack the shells to get the meat, so I rarely ever eat crab.  It did seem like they had this stocked well.

It's not a bad buffet, but for the price, I would have expected a much better selection and variety of foods than was presented.笑
Yummy in my tummy! I love the food here. I always eat a lot and overdose. Then I have to sit for a few hours while I try not to fall asleep. Everything is good. I love the desserts, seafood, everything!笑
Loved the food, it was amazing and waiter was nice.

Minus 1 star for the price really $50 a person because of st Patrick's day. Which was 3 days ago. That makes no sense. I didn't even see St Patrick's food笑
I'm really surprised the Bellagio buffet currently ranks higher than the Aria buffet on Yelp. For the same price the Aria buffet is without-a-doubt better. All four people in my group unanimously agreed on that. 

Everything here felt underwhelming. I realize Bellagio was Vegas's original super-luxury hotel, but it's beginning to show its age. The space itself looks worn and out-of-date. There's not a good flow between the stations so people are constantly bumping into each other. The food itself is OK but not great. I'd definitely opt for Aria again if I had the choice between the two.