This a review of the hotdogs only. They are not very good plus expensive. $2.95 for a slim dog? Almost $5 for a Chicago style hotdog? Very expensive. I love Vienna Beef Dogs but these were not very tasty. Save yourself some cash and go for an Authentic Chicago style at Portillos for $2.35 a dog.Ǿ
For a simple hotdog, it's not cheap. Not cheap for a cheap eat!

We went there as we were at the Tempe Festival last Sunday and won a coupon with one dollar off a Fat Dog, which is the $3.95 Vienna Sausage OR off any combo.

The owner of the store chose to interpret this card as COMBO ONLY.  That's cheating.  If you saw how many cards he had stacked up near the counter during the three day event of the Tempe festival, how many others were ripped off?

For those of us watching our pennies, it's not good customer service.  Cheap eat or not, I won't be back there no matter how much I love "Vienna dogs."  

I do know what OR means.Ǿ
Really good hot dogs, local convenience store, and it seems like one of everything - can of Pabst? nail clippers? toothpaste? stamps? Got 'em.  Large selection of beers.  Highly recommend that you like this place too, and go there.  The world needs more Thirsty Dogs!Ǿ
I just discovered this place today and I love it! It is so cute with all its antiques and old fashioned set-up. Also the Vienna beef hot dogs are inexpensive and delicious!Ǿ
I was at the Post Office today in downtown Tempe, when I noticed the sign for Thirsty Dog 2 Go sticking out of the corner of the building. I looked around and didn't see a hot dog place, but soon realized that it is tucked directly behind the Post Office. After drinking a thousand or so beers last night, a hot dog sounded great, so I ventured inside. 

The first thing I noticed walking in was that they sell beer, wine, cigarettes, and a variety of snacks to consume there or to go. So in addition to being a small restaurant, they are also part convenient store, which is well, convenient. 

The second thing I noticed was all of the cool wall art:  old beer signs, an old sled, a couple of skateboards that looked like they might be the very first two skateboards ever made, and other memorabilia from way back when--very cool.

The dogs and sausages are good quality.  I just had the regular hot dog, which was Vienna Beef (good stuff), but they also sell Italian andoulli, brats, polish sausage, and even veggie dogs for our vegetarian friends (we all have at least one, right?).  

They also have a wide variety of fountain drinks, slushies, and ice cream for those hot summer days.

This place is the whole package, and while it may seem a bit pricey, it is a high quality conveinent store just off of Mill Ave, so the prices are comparable to any other lunch spot in the area.Ǿ
I came in with a special promotion for a breakfast burrito. As I entered, I noticed that no one had greeted me into the store. I circled the entire circle until someone noticed me and I had to ask that I wanted to order... they didnt make the initial contact. I notice that there is a man cleaning or doing something near the tables, and two young employees at the storage... I order the breakfast burrito, show him the deal and this is where the 1* review begins... I notice first of all when I entered that they had fresh tomatoes out in the open, cut up into pieces on the cutting board but nobody was cooking... they were just out there in the open. It was not until 5 or 10 minutes later that they store the tomatoes in a container. The man that makes my burrito was NOT wearing gloves, completely unsanitary! Their hot sauces were expired and not even 1/3 full! The worst about this is that today I woke up with an upset stomach, vomiting, and everything else... like nausea. I could not go to class... a very important class right before my midterm exam on thursday! I have not been able to study as I have lacked the energy to do so since I barfed 5 times! Please dont order food here... for your health. Until these people decide to change their sanitary policies at their store, you should stay away from getting any kind of food there... I cannot review anything else in the store, and am too kind to completely shun the entire place and every item sold from this experience. But one thing I know for certain is that I got food poisoning there, and I saw many unsanitary aspects... I even had two friends the with me who left the store very sketched out.Ǿ
Ive been eating here for almost three years and I've never been disappointed. Not only do they have great hot dogs and service every time but they are also a convenience store. Best hot dogs in Tempe. Id choose Thirsty Dogs over Teds every time! Less wait and juicier dogs!Ǿ
So convenient for all Mill Ave District residents! Love all of the fun little trinkets they put out for us drunk college students to buy along with our wine/beer! Those strange tiny hands live here everyone!!! Idk why but u have accumulated like 6 of them during my course of living on Mill lol. I wish you guys sold hard alc but completely understand why you would stick to just beer and wine. Friendly staff as well! CheersǾ
Solid hole-in-the-wall convenience store and hot dog stand. Definitely a good change of pace spot for lunch on Mill.Ǿ
It's bar food not recommended for lunch the food was really sad. However it might tasted great if your drunk.Ǿ
vary good dogs little high on the price but still good food.Ǿ
This is a great hole in the wall place to have a quick bite. It feels cool, looks cool, and the food is tasty and reasonably priced. If you have kids this is a great ace to take them especially since it has a little selection of something sweet.Ǿ
I really dig this place. 

It's super convenient when you're out on Mill and need to grab a cold beverage to go. They also have really good veggie hot dogs - I know, I was shocked, too! 

Location is great and they're always friendly.Ǿ
If you haven't been here, you are missing out. This hidden Mill Ave gem is the place to go for a creative hot dog. My personal favorite is the chicken spinach dog. Trust me, get it. Not only is it full of flavor, it is juicy and incredibly filling. I like how they combined the hot dog store with the convenience store. It's literally a one-stop shop. In addition to all of this, the staff incredibly friendly and welcoming. They make you feel like more than a customer. Highly recommended spot!!Ǿ
One of my favorite stops! Convenient store/quick yummy hot dog snack shop. Vibes are awesome, always friendly faces inside. Great place to pick up a drink and a snack on your lunch break. Definitely a place to consider when you need something on the go.Ǿ
Quick, affordable and yummy. Thirsty Dog rocks! It's perfect for days when you need lunch and don't have much time. 

I have been here many times for the convenience store aspect to buy a pack of gum or a Redbull, but the other day I had a hot dog. Ahhhh!

First of all, there are many choices so I need to stop in more often! I loaded my dog with ketchup, tomato and a pickle. I could tell this was a quality hot dog. Some other brands taste cheap and make you wonder just what you are eating, but there's no reason to be suspicious of these dogs! 

So, how do you top your dog?


P.S. They have funny bumper stickers for free!Ǿ
I word directly around the corner from this joint and i love it.  I come in to get an inexpensive soda or chips and mostly i go there for their Cheddar Chili Dogs that are one of the best and huge.  They also sell beer and wine and other candy. Love it.

PS everyone that works there is really nice and courteous.Ǿ
Hot dogs are great. They recommended one with cream cheese, cheddar cheese and jalapenos - amazing!

Only downside is they can't accommodate a huge rush crowd at lunch due to very limited seating (5 seats at the counter?) and only 1 or two workers every time I've been there. I've often had to wait quite awhile for the food, but it's ok because the servers are upbeat and nice, it's convenient to work...and it's yummy!!Ǿ
Open when you need something to be open.

Friendly staff who are happy to be there.

Delicious breakfast burrito and creative yummy hot dogs.

Be adventurous, let the cook pick and you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
This place was a HUGE disappointment. Paid $3 for a Hooked deal breakfast burrito that was normally $4. I don't get why people would pay $3 for this tiny tasteless piece of crap. The burrito was a quarter of the size that you would get at any other Mexican food place. What a rip off!!Ǿ
Great beer selection and awesome hot dogs.  The dogs are made from quality ingredients and the specialty dogs are very filling.  

Its a great place to pop in to when you are short on time or simply craving a delicious hot dog!Ǿ
Went to this place the other day, and wasn't very thrilled. The people working there were very nice, but the hot dogs were a bit pricey and not good at all. I ordered the double devil dog, and my boyfriend had the brat and a double devil dog. Neither of us received jalapenos on our double devil dog, and the onions were far more on the raw side rather than grilled, like they're supposed to be. The hot dogs were dry and really not very tasty. We decided we would have been better off just going to the store and picking up a pack of ballpark hot dogs. I hate to write a negative review, but I hate going to a place and feeling like I completely wasted my money, too!Ǿ
Great variety, location, and wow they serve some of the best hot dogs and sausages. The 4 peaks beer brat was absolutely amazing. Drinks galore, you name it they have it.Ǿ
Major plus for being the closest place to Tempe Mission Palms to sell beer to go.  Literally a half a block away!  

I also tried their Chicago Dog - fresh tomatoes, sport peppers, relish, pickle, mustard, and celery salt.  All for $4.00.  A+Ǿ
Very convenient and the staff is awesome. If you're a fan of hot dogs they are quite good and there are lots to choose from.Ǿ
Cute corner grocery with a wide variety of hot dogs.  

I had the Seattle dog (cream cheese, bacon & grilled onions).

It was good but I think I would rather have a zippier dogǾ
Everyone that works here is so nice! I work a block away, so usually I just stop in for gum, chips, a soda etc.Ǿ
This place is kind of perfect.  Sitting right behind the post office on Mill,  Dog 2 Go is a special hot dog stand,  dry goods, beer and wine shop hybrid.  

There's a counter if you want to eat in (it seats only two or three--this place is designed mostly for take-out) and lots of stuff to buy (Arizona State University gear, beer, wine, chips, pickles out of a jar, etc.) if you want to take out.

The styles of hot dogs are written on what appears to be a big chalk board behind the counter.  They even serve veggie dogs!--Yayyy!

With a choice between poppy or sesame seeds on your hot dog bun (sesame, obviously)--a bunch of toppings, and good deals on hot dog-drink-chip combos, Thirsty Dog 2 Go is definitely a (relatively) new favorite on Mill.

Remember that parking is free behind the building for a half hour for patrons!Ǿ
This place has very tasty food and a good little atmosphere, as well as stocked with good beer.HOWEVER I think it is a little over priced for a hot dog and beer joint. Also it is lacking in proper seating. Could be a lot more enjoyable with more atmosphere. If you don't mind paying a little extra and finding your own place to eat, then by all means enjoy these delicious hot dogs and (overpriced) drinks.Ǿ
This just popped up on the sidebar of places I've checked in at and have yet to review, and now I'm pretty sure I'm going to go get me a hotdog from Thirsty Dog.

Located in a convenience store, this little bar hosts some of the most magical ingredients ever tasted in regards to hot dogs. I'm genuinely not skilled enough to write a review of just how delicious these dogs are, and for that, I apologize. But just know that they are really, really delicious. All of them. Every combination of everything. So. Good.

I also love how they are open so late. I'm a night owl, so it's nice when a place is open when I need it most.

The fact that it's located in a convenience store does take it down a star, only because  it's a little bit awkward to fit in such a small area and eat while the bartender (dogtender?) tries to look past you to see the TV behind you. Worth it, though, to get a taste of those delicious dogs.

4.49 stars from this girl!Ǿ
Daily stop for my every day needs. Quick service and friendly staff!Ǿ
Every time I walk past this place I say I need to check it out. Well I did today. The guy behind the counter recommended the Chicago Dog. Said it's there most popular item. I'm from the Chicago area so I bought it. NEVER buy one! It's the worst I've ever had. I didn't even finish it. Waste of $5.93Ǿ
I LOOOVE this place!  It's such a neat store and he hot dogs are made on the spot and delicious!  I highly recommend this place.  You won't be disappointed!!!Ǿ
This place is a bit hidden sitting next to the post office on the southwest corner of Mill and 5th. We were looking for the nearest convenience store and found it through Yelp. It's small inside, but they carry a little of everything. They have a small counter area where you can order and eat a fresh cooked beef hotdog. They have some yummy sounding combinations! Something to try on another day. The cashier was pleasant and even gave us some coupons for a return visit.Ǿ
Just got back from Chicago...and I wasn't as impressed with the dogs there!!! Reid, And the rest of the crew at Thirsty Dog have spoiled me!! Best dogs around!! (breakfast burritos are pretty damn good too!)Ǿ
I have witnessed many businesses rise and fall on Mill Ave. and I am hoping this one will stay.  It fills a void of needing to buy a pack of smokes, an ASU t-shirt just before game time, your lunch time 6-pack of beer or your bottle of wine on the way home to your sweetie.  And if your belly is aching you can get a gourmet dog to fill your appetite.  It's open early enough all week and stays open late enough to catch the drunken weekend crowd. w00t! Make sure to check it out.... hidden right by the Post Office. :-)Ǿ
Had to grab me one of those golden bear lemonade with mango az iced tea. However it's not 99 cents which is super lame.. Also had the 4 peaks beer sausage with sauerkraut and onions. It was tossed on the grill and came out  delicious. Definitely will be back!! 4 stars for not having standard 99 cent az iced teas all aroundǾ
Love this spot! Perfect little place
To grab a dog and a drink! I'm not a big hot dog fan but these always hit the spot! Good location right off of mill and love all the little trinkets in the store! Guys in there are always friendly.Ǿ
Definitely a good place to go when I am down the street at World of Beer. They no longer deliver there, but it is a short walk down the block. Good selection of beer in the cooler. I always get it to go, but they do have some seating. My favorite is the Southern Slawdog, but the Chicago and the coney are both good too. Really, I would try anything here. Always good service, quick, and descent priced.Ǿ
Awesome Chicago Dog. I got the skinnier on, should of gotten the bigger one. Chips and a drink all good. Watched the Sunday NFL game from the counter. Lots of other goodies there in their "store" area. Well worth the price. Was there during the Arts Festival it was a nice rest stop. Will be back. The only draw back was the price, but they cater to what you want. Hey its a business, gotta keep the doors open.Ǿ
Huge, awesome hot dogs. All the toppings are delicious and they definitely load you up with them. The Chicago dog is great.. Just the right amount of spice. Also offer a great beer selection. Will definitely return for a 6 pack of Kiltlifter and a hot dog.Ǿ
These guys really need to learn how to make a chilli dog.  I would love for the owner to contact me  personally.Ǿ
Quick, easy, and good! Hot Dogs shouldn't be too complicated, this place makes them that way. You can choose from a nice spread of toppings, some grilled (bacon, red peppers) some cold (pickle, pepperoncinis) and add sauces at will. They have 5 basic dogs, 4 Peaks Beer Brat, Andouille, Polish, Vienna Beef, Skinny (and Veggie). 

Getting in and out is quick, the staff is friendly and talkative. You can grab a beer there if you like as well as any number of convenience store items (condoms and whatnot). 

Great stop on the way to work, a show, or drinking around town. Cheapest meal you can get on Mill!Ǿ
There is a scene in the movie The Crow where a cop and a young girl are sitting late at night eating at a hot dog stand. For years I wished that something like that existed where I lived or worked. 
Thirsty Dog 2 Go is my weekly late night lunch spot. I work the night shift so finding cheap and quick food at night is a tall order. Thirsty Dog has a big selection of drinks (although sadly our local laws do not allow the alcoholic ones to be consumed within) and of course a variety of tube shaped meats to put in your mouth. Slide up to the little lunch counter, order up your meal and enjoy a conversation with any one of the really nice guys who work there. There is also a decent TV to watch sports or Sons of Anarchy. It is hard to categorize this place really. It is basically a convenience store because it has candy, beer, snacks and little gifts but it has the lunch counter so it is kind of a cafe too. Either way if you are in the Mill Ave area and want a good dog give them a try. You will probably see me there.Ǿ
Great dogs. Had the chili cheese dog and wad not disappointed. My son wouldn't stop about how good the hot dogs were.Ǿ
I have to say I'm a fan.  Part hot dog place, part convenience store provided for a super convenient spot for a multitude of random stuff you need on the quick.

The brats were pretty good too.