Two generous stars.  The good - bread and house salad w/house dressing.  The bad- everything else. We two ordered the "broiled" chopped steak w/grilled onions and mushrooms cooked medium.
They came out way over done and even though it was basically a hamburger a knife was needed to cut it.  There was no char so I do not think it came close to a "broiled" as advertised.
The space has zero ambiance and we were surprised that the chairs had no padding on them..
They serve mini glasses of wine, but why not beer?  
A Peroni is always good w/Italian food.
Not sure why anyone would return here, unless
you enjoy the view of the Giant Eagle grocery next door through the windows with no blinds or window treatments.Ǿ
Ravioli was wonderful. Wait staff feels like you know them already.  Don't get the half order of anything, it's not worth it... Italian leftovers never hurt anybody, ask your mama.Ǿ
Walked in on a Saturday night at dinner time to a nearly empty restaurant. The employees were sitting around eating donuts in the middle of the dining room. My girlfriend and I promptly left.Ǿ
I'm in Cleveland and I'm craving Italian, so Michele G. and I tried Gaetano's because it was near us and some friends really like it. Overall, I enjoyed it, but not so much for the entree as for the bread. Wow. It's a sliced loaf rather than a thin roll, and it's superflakycrusty, light, and sooooo, sooooo flavorful. Mmmmm! Butter fans will be happy to see the 20 butter pats that accompany four slices, too.

Before I get into the other food, I should note the service. Our waitress was incredibly attentive, nice and just overall fantastic. She offered recommendations and answered questions honestly (like admitting their tiramisu isn't made in-house) -- big points for that. 

Now, the food: The veal francaise was drowning in lemon-butter sauce. While the sauce was just the right amount of tart-salty-savory, the dish could've benefited if it had just 1/3 the amount of it. The veal was tender and hand-breaded, though a bit soggy from the copious amount of sauce. 

I ordered cavatelli (though she called it cava-somethingelse) because it's made in-house. It arrived with a tomato sauce that was sweet and tasty. While the pasta was bland and heavy, the tomato sauce and parmesan and pepper flakes I added complemented it well. 

My tummy was rumbling by the end, thanks to the excessive butter in my dish, so I wasn't able to sample dessert. I'd actually try this place again because the prices were reasonable (I got out at $18 for dinner and a soda), the service is excellent and the bread is outstanding.Ǿ
Well done!  

We went out for an early Sunday dinner.  All six, including a couple picky eaters, were pleased with the food.  I had the eggplant parmesan with a side of pasta.  The ingredients tasted fresh and were well prepared, though not necessarily the best in Italian food.  The dipping oil for the bread, for example, wasn't necessarily the best  olive oil, though it was indeed a nice touch to the table.

The things that bumped the score up from a three to four star: was the excellent service; nice, clean decor; simple and straight-forward menu and family-run vibe.  

I would recommend it for a nice dinner with kids or parents.  We'll be going there again.Ǿ
Simple menu. Nice waitresses. Nothing crazy here, just good simple food. Meatball sub is yummy.Ǿ
Great food!!  The linguine with clam sauce (white) was great!  the fried hot banana peppers are to die for!!!!!Ǿ
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie.....

Friday night and I wanted to spend some time with my rents. So we meet here for dinner.

Nice American Italian restaurant.  The bread and olive oil dipping sauce, excellent! This fine establishment does many things very well. Fantastic service. Going out to eat with my folks is like Seinfeld episode. The waitress was so patient while my dad was asking which portions are the biggest.
 
I was really craving some calamari but it was not on the menu? I settled for Italian Wedding soup  It was very average the broth was tasty but there was way to much pasta or what ever that was. There were only a few meatballs and not enough escarole. Disappointed! 

The salad was good. Iceberg lettuce with freshly shredded mozzarella cheese, olives, tomato piece and great homemade Italian dressing. 

My chicken parm with eggplant very good.   The spaghetti was was cooked perfectly just slightly past al dente. I think it may have been home made. The marinara sauce was good but lacking a little something.  My parents split the veal parm with eggplant  and got spaghetti with meat sauce. The meat sauce had that missing ummff that mine did not have. They divided the plate for them and I swear each of their halves was almost as big as mine.  The veal was tender and tasty.  Sorry baby cow but you taste great.

 This is a rock solid place that serves your typical Italian American fare with really friendly service that is indicative of family owned businesses.Ǿ
Have been here several times and each time has been very enjoyable. It is family owned with a family atmosphere. I don't know what they put in their complementary bread but it's very addictive! Most everything is homemade and the sauces are delicious. I will keep coming back.Ǿ
Straightforward, no-frills good Italian.  Probably in my top 3 of best restaurant meatballs I have ever had.  Flavor-infused oil on the table was incredible.  Great service.  Half order of cavatelli, extra sauce, and a side of meatballs.  And a glass of a Pinot Grigio stat.  Yep, good stuff.Ǿ
I happened to be in the area for business and stopped by for dinner - I went out of my way to find this place because of the positive reviews, and I found them to be accurate ("no-frills good Italian"). The chicken parm and fresh spaghetti I had were ok, not great, but I also ordered a side of meatballs and that was very good. The Italian wedding soup, marinara sauce and the bread were really enjoyable. The waitress was attentive and friendly, and the big band/crooner soundtrack added to the experience. If I lived in this area, I would eat here again gladly.Ǿ
The service here is very friendly, and the food is great. I ordered some wedding soup as an appetizer, and it was delicious. My main dish, some pasta was pasta, nothing special. Everything was perfect, except for one fly that was let inside.Ǿ
Nice little family Italian restaurant.  Found this place by chance as I have been in this area at the nearby hospital visiting a relative . We're planning on going to Paninis right next door but saw this and decided to give it a shot. We were not disappointed. Very friendly good service. Excellent Italian food. Got the Aglio and Sicilian Pizza. Others in my party got the Chix Parm and Linguini with white clam sauce. Comes with fresh Italian bread. And sides of soup or salad with an entree. All in all I was very happy with my experience. Will definitely go back. Seems like a very neighborhood type of restaurant as the people who ran the place greeted customers wth hugs. Check it out if you are in the area!Ǿ
Very easy to miss this little diamond, situated right behind panini's. lots of parking which is always a plus. Was easy to seat on a Monday night. Italian bread came out steaming and fresh. Got a salad with my chicken parmigiana. They are definitely NOT shy with their mozzarella on the salad. And their house dressing was tangy and sweet making my mouth start to excessively salivate. I would have totally bought a bottle to go if they sold it. For the entree it's only one slab of chicken, which was tender. Had just the right amount of breaking for me. The sauce was a little thin but mama Mia was very delighted. I think they make their own pasta, it had an odd consistency to it which wasn't bad just a little unusual. For the entree it was $13.99 which I think was worth it.Ǿ
In my humble opinion this is one of the best Italian family restaurants out there if not the best. The food portions are large and the taste is excellent. Love the bread, the pizza dough, the pasta, pasta sauce, lasagna, and this place has the BEST meatballs ever. I would recommend this place to anybody looking for a truly satisfying homemade Italian meal.Ǿ
Odd, been there a number of times but the last 2 haven't been very good. Sauce seems different, overly salty and not much on the noodles. 
We got spagetti with meat  sauce, rigatoni with meatballs and one extra meat ball for a child. 2 ice teas, 1 milk, $40 before tip. Pricey for pasta imo.

Not sure I'll go back for a while.Ǿ
Went here with friends food was ok wasn't a big fan pasta was gummy... food wasn't hit when came out. Wouldn't recommendǾ
excellent family restaurant. Also, it is NUT FREE, for those who have kids with allergiesǾ
I have visited thousands of restaurants and reviewed hundreds of them. This is top notch. Not fancy, not fine dining. They focus on the food, plain and simple. Generous portions, fresh, delocious ingredients. Add Dean Martin on stereo system and Gaetanos makes for a great evening.