We went to Vinsanto for lunch during Savor York Region with friends. It was a really good deal. 3 course meal for $20. Cream of mushroom soup was great. I had BRAISED VEAL SHANK for main course. It was tasty but still the souse was a little sweet to my taste. Pumpkin spice tiramisu was very delicious as well. 
The atmosphere in this place is very formal and romantic. Can definitely go for a date there. Feels very Italian. The service was ok. I felt that they could be a little more attentive.笑
As everyone has indicated, it's tucked away in a plaza beside a hot yoga studio.

The good stuff, I give it a 4.5* and here's why:   

Nice décor and ambiance. Ample parking.

Good food quality and presentation. We ordered: 

Soup special of the day, clam chowder - light, yet creamy, and flavourful
Pork belly and scallop. My partner liked the pork belly and I liked the scallop which was perfectly cooked, still tender and moist in the body. 
Steak- generous portion, ordered medium, came just right. 
Rack of lamb - I ordered medium; it was closer to medium rare, but still really good. I loved everything about this dish, tender, the variety and freshness of vegetables on the plate. Usually, they are overcooked, but the peas were crunchy, fennel and white asparagus and the lamb jus just so enjoyable. 

We came with a groupon and the service and meal portions were not affected by the groupon, as it can be different in other restaurants. 

The okay stuff, I give this including service a 3* and this is why: 

Server: courteous and professional.  But I felt that our server was rushed and that feeling was transferred onto us. Mid-way the meal, it was difficult to get service for top ups etc. It was a Saturday so naturally it would be very busy, but nevertheless, it is an upscale restaurant, and good service is expected. 

Tables are close together, several very large tables pulled together. High noise level, even though the music which had not yet started. 

We had reservations for 6:30 and we were aware that the table had to be vacated by 8:15. The food was slow to come. At 7:30 our main entrees still had not yet been served. I can see that this slower pace of food service can still be enjoyable with the ambiance, live music and no rush to leave, but given that we had to vacate the table by 8:15, the time spent waiting for the food was too long. 

Overall, food quality is very good and I would rate it a 4.5* A surprise to find good food in York Region, where usually the chain restaurants rule.笑
Located on the East side of Weston Road just between Landstaff and Hwy 7 in Woodbridge, Vinsanto Ristorante is laying down quality high end Italian eats paired with even higher end customer service.

A meeting brought me here where i was unexpectedly coaxed into having lunch (sure quality Italian food...really twisting my arm right?) the decor of this spot is flawless, high ceilings, marble bar and dark wood matched with quality table settings and linens make this place super high end in my books (and new addition to the "Places Kris will take his dates to impress them" list - to come).

One could stand and brag about the fixtures, decor, and bustling lunch time vibe all day (as I just have) but the 2 points about this ristorante that put it head and shoulders above the rest in my books is the food and the service.

One of my lunch mates decided today to "take it easy" and have the house butter-nut squash soup. Served hot and thick with a dollop of heavy cream in the center, I swear they had gotten the courses wrong for when I was offered a taste of this soup the warm pleasant brown sugar flavours (the perfect pairing for butter nut squash) filled my mouth and made me think dessert instead of antipasti! Buono!!!

For myself I decided to indulge in a taste of the slightly less healthy and chose the lunch time special Calabrese Pizza- tomato sauce, mozzarella, hot soppresata, black olives and capicola $15. Mamma Mia!!! I paired this with their house hot pepper olive oil and I forgot all about what little room I had for lunch and went into eating autopilot, nodding and smiling to the conversation at hand while I wolfed down my salty spicy, thin crusted pie. Slap me sideways I think I just messed in my pants thinking about this again - Yes, folks this is one of those fabled "Ooooooooooouuuuuu" moments (please see my Oooooouuuuuu list).

Food aside the other X-factor of this place is the level of service we received here, not only from our server, who was hilarious and joked with us, but also from owner John who came to sit with us at one point just to say hello and check to make sure everything was A-OK. John is 150% about service, I watched as he made his rounds to almost every table checking on everyone and making a point to greet every person as they walked in. THIS is old school Italian Customer Service at its finest. 

I have plans to return to Vinsanto very shortly to eat again, and then AGAIN shortly after that - I hope you join me - You won't be disappointed.

2/30笑
We had my birthday dinner here and they had half priced bottle of wine.  Food is amazing and so was the wine they recommended (can't remember the name now). Service was exceptional. 

My husband and I will be back again!笑
For me, one of the best Italian restaurants in Woodbridge.  Awesome service, great food and a lively atmosphere.  

Staff was very friendly and prompt.笑
This is a gem tucked away in a relatively quiet, deserted plaza. 

Loved the ambiance.  I went around 8:30pm, so there were also people sitting at the bar just drinking and chatting with the bartender.  The waiters were super friendly and quickly informed us of the day's special menu and the soup of the day.

They had a homemade spread for the bread that was fairly tasty. 

Appetizers:
Funghi di Bosco (baked crisp oyster mushrooms with parmigiano cheese extra virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar and arugula salad)
 - This was super tasty.  Very flavorful and the arugula just balanced the relatively stronger taste of the oyster mushrooms. 

Soup of the day (butternut quash and apple)
 - Also amazing.  Fruitier and more refreshing than your everyday butternut squash soup.

Mains:
My friend loved his pasta, which was on the tougher side.  I prefer it al dente but I absolutely loved the main I had:
Vitello- pan roasted veal tenderloin, sauteed wild mushrooms veal jus
 - Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Perfectly seasoned mushrooms and vegetable. I was stuffed but I finished the entire entree. 

They also had a good wine selection.  I had an Italian Aglianico which went very well with my veal. 

We had a little chat with the waiter after our meal and he seemed very proud to be working there.  He mentioned that the chef has traveled across Europe working at different restaurants and has also worked at Michelin Star restaurants. 

This restaurant is all around and I'm definitely paying another visit very soon.笑
Eat before you go otherwise you'll starve waiting one hour for your food.
Our evening started out nicely. Our waiter was quick to ask us our drink orders and we got our salads quickly. After that it was downhill from there. We waited 1 hour for our entrees. So did at least 4 tables around us. The manager or owner was very unprofessional as he walked by the cooks and screamed at them several times. No one apologized for the extremely slow service. None of us finished our food when we finally got it as it was drenched in oil. 3 of us had pasta dishes. My husband had steak and the outside was charred. It was also chewy. When the waiter took our half full dishes away he didn't bother to ask if we had enjoyed our meals. For such mediocre food the prices were outrageous. I don't mind paying for quality but this wasn't it. If you don't mind starving for an hour and eating mediocre greasy pasta, this is the place for you. We will never return. I rather get a root canal.笑
The staff and the food were just excellent.  Portions were just the right size with attention given to flavour and presentation. For those folks on the road looking for good food, this would be the spot.笑
Vinsanto is a pretty good italian restaurant tucked away in the industrial park north of the Colossus Movie theatre. 

I recommend making reservations ahead of time, especially on Friday and Saturday nights, where they have live music, which adds to the atmosphere of the restaurant. They offer up a fairly extensive wine list. The menu is compact, but that's a good thing because it lets them take their time with the food. I love their fresh bread that is served, while waiting for our meals.  

I recommend trying their baked mushroom salad as a starter, which is large enough to share for 4 people. 

Service is attentive, without being intrusive. Also the servers were well-informed and educated on all menu items and can offer decent opinions on what to order and where the desserts are sourced from.笑
Vinsanto is the best Italian restaurant I have visited in the Vaughan area. It is a hidden gem. The interior of the restaurant is quite intimate and fancy, and aromas from their open kitchen will make your mouth water. It's a great place to bring a date for a romantic dinner.

The four of us shared 2 appetizers and 4 dinner entrees family style. For appetizers, we had the frittura di calamari (fried calamari) and the funghi di bosco (baked mushrooms and salad). I love calamari, especially fried calamari. The calamari was lightly breaded, not overcooked, and is served in a large portion. It was a little too salty in my opinion, but I'd still order it again. The baked mushroom and salad was wonderful as well. The combination with parmigiano cheese did it for me.

For entrees, we had salmon with lemon beurre blanc, the lamb rack, spaghetti chitarra, and pappardelle with chicken and butternut squash. The salmon was perfectly cooked (coming from someone who has lived in Seattle for 7 years) -- pink and not dry. I've never been a fan of the taste of lamb, but the lamb rack was very tasty. The spaghetti comes with a scallop and large tiger shrimps. The seafood was very tasty, especially the scallop. The spaghetti was cooked perfectly al dente. Pappardelle is one of my favorite types of pastas. The combination of the pasta with the chicken and squash was amazing.

Would I come back? You bet!

Update (11/9/2012):
Guess what? I came back. We had the chicken, which was very moist on the inside. Delicious. We also had the gigantic steak. This thing is huge, so come hungry. There was quite a bit of fat on the steak though.笑
My wife and I decided to give this place a try based on the reviews here. We were not disappointed! Our waiter took good care of us, excellent service, brought us very delicious baked bread, and helped us select a nice bottle of wine (which was half price for being a Tuesday night). Even midweek the place wasn't dead, there were plenty of patrons but not crowded, just right.

Going with other yelper's recommendations, we ordered the calamari and was pleased to get it lightly breaded and not too oily. It's a nice touch when they give you half a lemon rather than just a wedge. Just lovely.

For entrees we had tagliatelle and gnocchi, very good fresh pasta, the tagliatelle was the better of the two, very lovely cream sauce. Portions were just right, and items are well priced. The gnocchi in duck confit started out absolutely amazing, but if you're a slow eater then it will start to taste "sticky" and "heavy" near the last quarter of the dish. A must for duck lovers.

Wished we had room for dessert and coffee, we will be back for that and perhaps try their pizza.

What I like most is that their dinner menu is short, goes to show they specialize in only a few items to ensure the quality is high. What I liked next is that their wine list is large. Perfect combo.

The decor is dim moody and on the chic side. The other diners were well dressed. This would be a good place for dates I think.  Our waiter told us they have live jazz on weekends. *shrug* doesn't really attract me, but whatever. Food was good, so was service. Our wine and sparkling water kept getting poured by the various waiters without us lifting a finger. Feels like an upscale downtown joint without breaking the bank.笑
Went there for a group event. I have to say, as soon as we walked in and was greeted by the band I was very impressed. The place is the perfect size, not too big or small and the band playing (on Friday at least) was amazing. My girlfriend thought it was from the radio because it was so good. 

On to the food. We ordered meat, I had the veal and she had the roast chicken. Both were very succulent and melted in your mouth. Even the garlic bread and sauce was great. 

Overall, I would highly recommend. A little high on the price but you get a great night out for it.笑
Modern style Italian restaurant.  They change up their menu regularly, which fits on one page, a sign that they focus on quality not quantity.  Atmosphere is high end, but with a high volume crowd and music.  On occasion they have a solo artist performing with various instruments, who is happy to engage with kids.笑
Comfortable atmosphere, courteous service, and great food.  Wine-wise, their reds are quite extensive, while their whites are... well, lets just say they really like their reds.  
The lamb I ordered was cooked perfectly, condiments matched wonderfully with the lamb.  I thought the lamb could be trimmed a bit more professionally, as there were still a bit of excess fat.  Overall worth the money, and will definitely return.笑
The Look: Located in a plaza, but the interior is beautiful. Nice, dark woods with dim lighting (not dim to the point of blindness thankfully). Seating is intimate for 2-4 guests, or can be accommodated for more than 10, as was the number for my brother's birthday.

The Staff: The best in Vaughan. Our server was attentive to our needs, educated about the house's wine list and meals, as well as pleasantly interactive. The owner of the restaurant, John, frequently comes to welcome guests and to interact with his customers. 

The Food: Everything I have tried her I loved. The house salad is perfect in flavour and texture, the gnocchi was silky smooth and delicate, the lamb was robust and flavourful. The chef finished off our meal with some complimentary desserts. It was just lovely.

All Around: This is a very versatile restaurant that can accommodate different dinner settings (family, clients, etc.) with top-notch service and world-class Italian food. 

Thank you for the experience Vinsanto!笑
Great atmosphere great service and most importantly great food. I love Vinsanto. Everything I've tried has been delicious.笑
Reasonably priced,  amazing food. Portions are perfect,  I feel bad when I waste food and no room for dessert!!  I was unsure at first because of the location. I was definitely surprised to find a cozy,  quiet place with such nice  and upscale decor.  With everyone's compliment about the calamari,  I decided to give it a go -  the light fluffy batter fell right on the chuncky peices of shrimp. It did not disappoint. You can automatically tell the calamari was freshly battered and fried.  It wasn't sitting out under the heat lamp and been refried.  For entree I had the rack of lamb.  I haven't had lamb rack grilled by it self with light seasoning before,  but I did enjoy every moment I chew on the tender goodness. We tried 4/5 of the desserts and if you are debating which one to get,  go with the creme Brûlée or Tiramisu.  

 Alice ' s stamp of approval!笑
All I can say is... outstanding !   I was fortunate enough to discover VinSanto a few years back and have never been disapionted... the service is world class and par with the best eateries in the world.... the food equal to that... a great dining experience that only gets better as the staff gets to know you...笑
Unexpectedly great restaurant at such location. Amazing atmosphere and tasty food. Great service. 
I would recommend this place for special occasions.... Very romantic...笑
Best gnocchi pasta ever, although it was a BIT too salty. 
Ragu rigatoni wasn't very good at all.
Linguine with cream sauce was nice and light- not too heavy. 

Overall, a pretty good place!笑
Chandeliers sparkle, a jazz musician alternates between instruments, and an extensive wine menu and eclectic dinner menu dazzle us. As waiters with humoungous salads pass by, we are excited by our arugula salad with baked crisp oyster mushrooms and parmigiano cheese. Pasta, like gamelli with a fondue of four cheeses, pork belly, and a parmesan crisp; or pink beet-linguini with Nova Scotia Lobster, fennel, cherry tomatoes and a lobster veloute, are rich and sumptuous. We've never had it so good. A decorative platter of branzino and gigantic shrimp with a colourful array of vegetables is so generous we are in disbelief. A sweet punctuation to our evening is a velvety, chocolate-encrusted cheesecake infused with raspberry coulis and white chocolate chunks. Warm and inviting, this is a celebration of taste. 

Salute.笑
Came here for dinner with the wife and a couple of friends thanks to the Yelp reviews.

For starters, we shared the fried calamari which was lightly breaded and went well with the dipping sauce.

I had the rack of lamb which was great.
Just the right amount of seasoning and I liked the mashed potatoes.
See my pic!

My wife had the gnocchi with duck and she said it was one of the best she had. 
Just light and fluffy and delicious!

Overall, we liked the ambiance and friendly service staff.
Will be back for sure!笑
Amazing service , food and atmosphere.  Veal cooked to perfection as was salmon.  Calamari was lightly coated and not greasy.  Every detail on the plate was candy for the eyes.  The reduction on both mains were delicious as was the side dip for the calamari.  Oh, and the artichoke butter served beside the freshest bread was so delicious.  Timing for food service was perfect.  Truly chef and wait staff work harmoniously to create a great dining experience that was second to none.  I'm a fussy one and was truly impressed.  Will definitely go again!笑
I am a fan of Vinsanto Ristorante. Not only I enjoy the food, the services and I am impressed that I have great services even I am using a Groupon.

It is a nice warm day, the windows are open, letting the fresh air coming in. I love the deco of Vinsanto.. dark and classy.. and those comfy cushioned chairs!

Menu is really simple with just 1 page for the app/main/pasta/pizza but there are daily specials that is not on the menu. 

Seafood Pasta ($23)
- Fresh tagliatelle pan-seared sea scallops and king shrimp in a seafood tomato sauce
- HUGE fresh scallops cooked perfectly and the shrimp has good bite
- Pasta cooked al dente with this really light sauce enough to coat all the pasta

Grilled T-Bone Veal ($25)
- Veal is tendered and cooked as requested medium rare

Tiramisu ($8)
- recommended by the waiter and he even split the order for us without asking 

Our server resembled an Italian Grandfather is courteous and friendly. 

I definitely will be back... maybe after a hot yoga class next door?! My excuse to stuff myself after yoga.笑
Very nice & elegant atmosphere.  Service was great!
Started off sharing the Funghi di Bosco which was OK at best. 3/5
Next, I had the Rigatoni (fresh rigatoni in a truffled wild boar ragout) which didnt have much flavour at all to it.  The pasta was also slightly under cooked. 2/5
My girlfriend had one of the specials which was an ahi tuna.  It was delicious, but only served with a tiny salad. 4.5/5
For desert we shared the creme brulee which was also very small and had lemon flavouring, which wasnt described in the menu (was supposed to be vanilla!!) 2/5
Overall I would give this restaurant 3/5 and likely will not visit it again, but it does have potential.