I recently tried Le Petit Sao for the first time and I was pleasantly surprised. The food is really good and the prices are fair. The Nems are only available on Saturdays but these alone are worth the detour. It is now our go-to place whenever we want to pick up a simple meal on our way home.Ǿ
Hard have I found decent Vietnamese in Montreal. I came across this Facebook page and decided that I should try this place out. When I got in it was a chic and very hip atmosphere. The menu was great some items start as low as $6 and they have combo options as well for their main menu items. 

I loved their Vermicelli Bowl I tried with chicken.  The portion size was amazing and I loved the flavours and the sauce the chicken was cooked in. There is parking in the mail parking lot. 

They accept credit, cash and debit. I'd highly recommend checking it out if you are in the area. I had to only eat half as the portion was so big !Ǿ
This is a tiny little hidden lunchtime gem on nuns island ! They serve fresh vibrant flavourful Vietnamese dishes all made fresh to order and at a very reasonable cost. They don't stay open too late so this isn't really a dinner restaurant but definitely a great lunch option if you work in the area or if you happen to be on the island one afternoon and wanna grab a quick bite.  They don't take reservations and there is limited seating inside so definitely be prepared to wait in line at peak meal hours. That being said , the service is pretty quick and efficient so the wait is never too long. I've been here about 3 times and enjoyed my food each time. Some of my favourite items on the menu are their chicken avocado banh mi sandwhich, their pho bowls (I've tried the chicken one and the shrimp one -both very good), their fresh shrimp spring rolls and their fried spring rolls are great as well. They also have speciality house made ice tea flavours in the summer that are very bright and refreshing (ex.strawberry basil). I really enjoy coming here and I am definitely going to come back to try more of their dishes.Ǿ
Took me few months to try Le Petit Sao, should have done it earlier. I just had the pho and now I have the legal right to write a review. The restaurant has simple and modern design, service is friendly and quick. The food is really good, so far have tried most of the salads, which are superb and the rolls. The pho is yummy, add the spicy lemongrass if you don't mind it hot. There is a short list of wines on the menu and few Asian beers. How lucky I feel to have a Vietnamese joint within walking distance from my place. Guess who will be regular there.Ǿ
Amazing food! What a gem in nuns island. Hidden in the back of the shopping centre, this place has everything going for it. A relaxed atmosphere with sophistication, great and kind staff and prices that reflect the quality lunch. Honestly, everything on the menu is great, but my recommendations are the Avocado & Grilled Chicken Bahn Mi and their homemade spring rolls. Both great options. Look forward to returning and a must try, if your looking for a quick and satisfying lunch in nuns island.Ǿ
If you are dying for a hint of a taste of a pho broth and no other meal will do then come here.

Otherwise, go downtown to Pho Bac if you want a real bowl of pho and eat it there. Not only is it cheaper downtown, but you get more meat, more noodles & overall a better flavour.

Here, it was a ghost of what a pho is, and it sort of satisfies your craving but it just leaves you disappointed because the broth isn't rich & delicious. There wasn't enough food either. 

The spring rolls were also equally terrible.Ǿ
Love this place!!! Very clean! Fast and delicious! So nice to have it on nuns island!!! High quality at low prices!Ǿ
I can't believe I've never tried this place before. I always thought it was going to be just soups and noodles but their menu caught me by surprise!

Delightful food, crisp flavours, beautiful presentation. Everything was good to me. Me and my boyfriend ended up ordering more than we thought we would eat. We went it looking to share an appetizer and got a sandwich and a salad extra. 

My only complaints are the staff and the avocado and chicken sandwich I ordered. The staff kinda ignored us even though the place was empty.

The sandwich was good but I could barely taste the avocado or chicken in it. Which is a bummer because you kinda want to taste avocado and chicken in a avocado and chicken sandwich. 

I would highly recommend the fried chicken raviolis with the peanut hoisin sauce! Excellent!