This business does not have a chip reader so they took my debit card behind the counter to make payment.  As the gentleman handed my card and receipt back, I noticed him looking closely at the BACK of my card as he was passing it.  I thought the was VERY STRANGE, and thought to myself, "  If my card is compromised over the next 3 days, I know where it came from.  And I WAS RIGHT!  My card was compromised and I had to cancel my card.  SOOO MAD AND FRUSTRATED.  This is my story... take it for what it's worth, but buyer beware!笑
Ugh, I got the buffalo chicken pizza. It looked pretty wicked but I tried it anyway but as you could imagine, it tasted horrible. I took two bites and threw it out.
The chicken wasn't even real chicken, it tasted like rubber. They doused the pizza in hot sauce and it barely had any cheese. 
Just the thought of it makes me want to never eat pizza again (but come on, that will never happen)! 
Please, keep your money and go to another vendor in the food court.
Do not recommend!笑
The pizza was greasy and made my nephew and I sick the bottom of the pizza was black if I could this place a zero stars笑
Village Fresh Italian Kitchen is in the food court at Ross Park Mall. My girlfriends and I stopped for a late lunch during an afternoon mall trip, and I got a spinach stromboli with a diet coke. It was decent, but not the best I've ever had AND it was over $7. That seems a little pricey for a food court quick lunch stop. I'd probably try another place in the food court the next time I'm at the mall.笑
We were reeled in by the free samples the other day!

Boyfriend and I were in Ross Park Mall for a few hours and needed something to hold us over until lunch.  Checked out the mall's food court, and--behold--an employee handed over a few chunks of cut up Chicken Stromboli on toothpicks.  Sold!

We split a Chicken Stromboli, and it was pretty good.  Just the right amount of tasty bread, decent quality cheese, a nice amount of chicken, and surprisingly not very greasy at all.  And much thanks to the super-cool employee for the side of tangy marinara sauce for no extra charge!

Enjoyed our impromptu snack in the mall's nice spacious food court that has a variety of seating options.