I'd like to give this place at least 3.5 stars, but I'll be conservative.  Went here for brunch with my parents while they were in town.  We were tired  and hungry, and stumbled in here on our way to Church street, but were pleasantly surprised.  The food was reasonably priced, and quite good.  The inside is great....kind of a more casual Keg Mansion.  But then again, I'm a sucker for converted historic homes.  

It was cheaper and better that Lola's Commissary, where we went the day before.  Although it has sort of a corporate vibe going on, I would go back.  Friendly staff, reasonably priced, high quality food.Ǿ
LIve in the area and have walked past many times. Finally decided to take my wife for dinner one Friday evening. 

Outside presentation - Building looks historic, which is nice, but walking south on Jarvis, if you miss the obscure entrance to the patio, you have to walk all the way around the patio. There is no central opening which lead pedestrians to the main door. Bad design. Secondly, the main door is this narrow unwelcoming entrance. I had to ask a smoker if this was actually the door to the restaurant. I walk up to the door and there is half a door handle. LIterally, there is a lone thumb latch which opens the door minus the actual handle. Not a great first impression.

Walk in and the greeter is nice, but I ask for a table for two and with open tables in the dining room, she asks if my wife and I want to sit at the bar. Strange. Also, it's Friday night at 7:30pm and the restaurant is at 30% capacity. Across the street at the Keg Mansion, you have to wait 45 min for a seat at the bar. Not a good sign if the restaurant is empty.

Time to order. The menu is totally different than the online version. I was expecting to order a 14oz T-bone, but no such thing exists on the actual menu.

Sit down and notice there is no fork at my wife's table setting. Not a big deal, but given the experience so far, a bit annoying. Further inspection of the dining area and I see 3 inches of stacked coasters supporting a table. Naturally the coasters are ripped, mangled and dirty.

So I ordered French Onion soup as my starter. Soup was warm. Not hot. Cheese was minimal. Bad combo for French onion.

I ordered the 10oz Rib eye that came with Mash potato and veggies. I look around my table and realize there is no salt or pepper and once I try my food I know why. The mash potato's and steak are extremely seasoned with salt. Half way through my meal I stopped tasting my food because of this. I am a salt over sugar kind of person, and this was still too much for me.

My wife ordered the Salmon and was given the option to sub mash for more veggies. She opted for more veggies, but when the dish came, the waitress acknowledged that potato's were put on the plate instead. She asks my wife if that's ok or if she would like veggies....Umm, yeah. Please bring her what she ordered. If the waitress noticed this when she brought the plate to the table, when didn't she just have the dish re-plated with the correct order?

Anyway, I was dying to stick around for dessert to see what else could go wrong, but we decided to pass. I paid my bill and tipped 15%, but I won't be coming back.Ǿ
A friend took us here  for brunch two weeks ago. Got the eggs florentine and apple pancake. $9 each for the entrees and $8 for liquored coffee. Food was blah. Instead of poached the eggs were hard boiled. And when they say pancake they mean it! ONE SINGLE SOLITARY LONELY PANCAKE. 

Went for dinner a couple of nights ago and ordered the meat pizza and the stinger burger.  Both were good.  The caipirinha was yummy!

Service is not speedy, but the servers are certainly nice and friendly.

Will we be coming back? Not without a coupon.Ǿ
The Grand Hive Honey's Beestro is a cool place to be. It's ritzy and chic looking, yet can be casual at the same time. They stack a classic bar fitted with a bartender that mixes old-fashioned favourites. The food is secondary to the drinks, but that's not to say that the it's is bad. The menu reads well and I will definitely venture back for dinner sometime.

I had the fried calamari and walnut bruschetta. Both delicious and priced reasonably ($8-$10). But it was the drinks that lured me in and would have had me staying if I wasn't incredibly full from the dinner before. 

It was a casual and quiet atmosphere. No rush, no fuss, just time for your sipping and eating needs. I haven't been in such a calm place since Chukka Beach in Jamaica. I wore a t-shirt and a pair of jeans but I think i should have wore a button down at least.

Overall, a great place to grab a drink. Not a cheap place, but one drink in this classy bistro can last you 30 minutes with good conversation (maybe four drinks if you're on a boring date).Ǿ
Came here for wings on a Monday night and had a good experience overall.  I loved all the different rooms (ended up sitting in the lounge-y area).  This place has a lot going on: a bar, a lounge (complete with fireplace and tvs, giving it a sort of sports bar feel) and some other nicer dining rooms as well.  The service was very good and I liked the overall atmosphere.

The wings weren't the best I've had but were pretty good.  They're on the saucy side, and were just a bit tough but the flavour was really good.  The fries were awesome, though, and the blue cheese dressing was ridiculously good (actual chunks of blue cheese....soooooo good!).  This place is a great addition to the neighbourhood and I'll definitely be back, probably for brunch.Ǿ
Took some time before we ventured in to see what the buzz was all about.  We were not disappointed.  We arrived at 9 on a Friday night to a full house and were seated within 5 minutes.  The ribs and wings with the choices of sauce jumped out at all 4 of us.  Large portions of both.  If you are not famished, you could probably get away with sharing a meal.  The interior of the restaurant is unbelievably characteristic and worth the visit......especially if you enjoy a hearty meal.  We will definitely return and look forward to warmer weather and their patio.  It is definitely one of the nicest patios in the neighbourhood.  I should also mention....prices are comparatively reasonable.Ǿ
Put simply: Great food, horrible service.

I got the rib and wings combo ($24), and my friend got the pork tenderloin entree ($21or so).  While both items tasted great, the food was COLD. 

For some reason our meal took over 30 minutes to arrive, even as the place was almost empty and as people who arrived after us started getting their appetizers.  When the food came I realized why it took so long: It must have been sitting in the kitchen for 15 minutes.  I don't know what the waitress was doing the whole time.  It was a shame that a delicious meal was partially ruined because of horrible service.

Our bill came to $70, which included 2 beers, and no appetizers.  We thought this was pretty steep for a mid-ranged restaurant like this.  For $25 a plate I'd expect to eat pretty well.  I'd probably spend that much elsewhere and eat a bit more upscale food.Ǿ
Also known as the "Grand Hive," Honey's Beestro offers great food, great setting, and great waitresses. Sarah and Nico are amazingly charming and I will definitely come back due to their great service.  Patio is one of the best in the Village (Fuzion on Church also has a great patio), especially for summer dines/events. Interior dining is great for rainy or colder days, especially since it is set in a former manor home turned restaurant.Ǿ
We went for dinner here and it was very weak.  The service was very slow and they let us sit for long periods of time without water.  Even being generous, the food was not good.  We each had the french onion soup to start - they use burger cheese for the soup and the onions tasted too much like raw onions.  
I got the steak frites and the steak was too raw for me to eat in the centre (I asked for medium rare) and flavour was lacking overall.  My partner got a pasta that he didn't like either - the shrimp pasta - the ingredients were different than advertised and the peas were hard.  This was a poor dining experience, more than a few things were sub-par.  
Definitely would not recommend.Ǿ
I went to the grand hive one at downtown toronto. I like the decoration and the sittings, the food on the other hand, can be improved.Ǿ
I was there for brunch a few Sundays ago. Took my parents who were visiting from out of town. The old mansion is just beautiful. Wonderful place - the most AMAZING staff and great Eggs Benedict. So friendly when I called for reservations and twice as much when we got there.

UPDATE: Went for brunch again. Great service, great atmosphere and great food. I had eggs bacon and toast and it was wonderful - all cooked perfectly. My only complaint was that my toast was very dry and cold (and the butter on the table was quite hard and so couldn't be spread to soften it)  - but I saved it for last so that may have been my fault. There is some lovely traditional holiday decorating in evergreens and red velvet ribbons. The tree outside in front is a nice touch too.

NOTE - entrance is from the "side" door, not the one on Jarvis. Very inexpensive brunch menu. I'm going back to sample the ribs and wings I keep hearing about!Ǿ
Great food and atmosphere, this place won't be the best kept secret for long.Ǿ
It might be a Canadian thing, getting only one ounce of alcohol when you order it on the rocks, but it's really lame.  I paid for a second ounce, to make it a bigger drink than in a thimble and ended up paying $14!  That was only $4 less than my short ribs...which were only decent.Ǿ
Nice ambiance, if you like old mansions converted to steakhouses.  However, with the Keg Mansion right across the street, its only worth going to this franchise if the line-up at the Keg is too long.  We found the menu pretty boring (wasn't the same what was advertised on their website either) but no complaints about the food we ordered (other than the medium-rare fillet had a lot more purple than I like, but that's just personal preference).  The top 40 music was on a bit loud for the intimate atmosphere and I don't know if the TVs make sense in any room other than the bar area.  Come to think of it, not sure I'd recommend this place at all.

1/2 price apps on Mondays and 1/2 price wine on Tuesdays might be worth checking out, I dunno, just throwing it out there.Ǿ
I went here to wait out the opening of the Keg mansion. I was told several times that the kitchen was closed; however, each person gave a different time on when it would open. I decided on drinks instead. I then had to wait around to getting a menu. I ordered margeritas and when they came out, they were really tiny. I ended up spending over $20 just on two drinks. Not sure if I would go back again.