This place was about a mile away from where i was staying. The people I was staying with via Airbnb, recommended it. During the 5 days there I was determined to try out a few Jamaican restaurants.  I tried the Jerk Chicken, and it was so good, I didn't go anywhere else. Every evening I went there for dinner. I tried the Jerk Chicken 3 evenings in a row, and on the last night I tried the Goat Curry and I bought some beef patties. Everything was so delicious! I love this place. It's a small hole in the wall, but the food is worthy of a visit. The portions are generous. This is on my to do list for future visits to the city.Ǿ
Best Jerk chicken in the world. Ive tried many places. Nothing compares. Roti is also very good. Open late night. Chicken is full of flavor.Ǿ
The oxtail was rich and fatty, but I found the sauce on the chicken roti to be a little thin and bland.  The portions were quite small given the price.  It compares favourably with other Jamaican places in the city, but I didn't find it particularly memorable.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.Ǿ
Mmmmm Jamaican food. I had the Goat Curry and a Beef Patty, and they were both delicious. I don't know about y'all, but when I go to a Jamaican place, I must try their Patty. This place has a very flaky pastry that was filled with delicious beef filling. I definitely liked the patty here. 

The Goat Curry...man, why is it so good? Is the perfectly seasoned rice? Or is the delicious curry? Or is it the mouth wateringly tender goat meat? I don't know, but the combination of the 3 blew my mind away, and I must come back for more!Ǿ
It was late and we were hungry.  The large oxtail with rice was very tasty.  The meat was nice and tender.  The side of coleslaw was fine.

The part that threw me off was the service.  Other reviewers said the same.  The customers are made to feel as if we're the inconvenience.  

We asked for our food to go.  However, we just wanted to just sit and eat a bit because we knew we would have leftovers and would have to ask for containers afterwards.  Heck, I'm doing the restaurant a favour!  If people outside see people inside, it sure as heck looks more inviting!  But noooooooooo...  We were most definitely not welcome and told to leave.  Not asked in a pleasant way, more like shooed out.  Seriously?!?!  It's not like they were busy and needed the space either.

It's really too bad.  I liked the food.

Friendly service would make this place waaaaay more successful.Ǿ
I didn't plan on going here, but Ghandi's next door was actually closed on weekends (REALLY?!), so instead of Indian curry I settled for Jamaican curry.

Their chicken roti was good but nothing outstanding. The flavour was good, but it could use a little more heat. The roti was microwaved so the outer edges where there wasn't any sauce was dry and chalky. The chicken was nicely stewed and not dry, but it had many bits of cartilidge in it -- at least it's not bones.

The patties were good. The pastry was nice and flakey, but a bit oily.

Would I come back again? Probably not. 
The small roti was $8 which was expensive for the rather mediocre food you are getting. The Oxtail (and most of the the dishes) was even more expensive at $10 for the small and $13 for a large. Another customer remarked about how expensive the prices are as she haven't been back since it was Albert's, she also said how good it was when it was Albert's and asked me if this place was any good as she was hesitant on spending $10 for the Oxtail.

For almost the same price I could get a much more satisfying meal at Ghandi's next door.Ǿ
Curry chicken is the bomb! The small is a generous serving and I had the rest of it for lunch the next day, it was moist, no bones or cartilage. The perfect amount of kick and flavour!Ǿ
They have started to manage their portions now:( They are becoming smaller and smaller. food is still incredible but it would be nice if an establishment stayed true.Ǿ
Pat, yo da mon!! Wat's yo secret??

Love your jerk dishes. Havent tried the Jamaican dumplings, but cant wait!! Strategically located. Perfect place to stop by before/after a stroll on Queen St. W!!Ǿ
best Jamaican chef in town ! Guess what the guys name is? Steady. 
His food is soo good 
Great oxtail , jerk chicken , rice and peas .Ǿ
I am probably not doing Pat's justice because I only had a beef patty, but it was a damn good beef patty.  And at 9:30 PM, it was exactly what I wanted.  Judging by the trays full of beef patties, it appeared they were ready for the bar crowd.  The beef patty was nice and spicy and the pastry part was buttery, but still held together.  It did make me want to try more at the restaurant.  Maybe next time I'm back in Toronto.Ǿ
While on a family vacation in Niagara-On-The-Lake, Ontario this past June, my husband and I decided to ditch the rest of the family and drive to Toronto for the day. We wanted some Jerk Chicken so my husband called his Toronto friend for suggestions. Since we were on Queen St at the time, his friend recommended Albert's.  It took us a while to find the restaurant because the restaurant has two names associated with it - Albert's and another name I can't remember. Well whatever this restaurant is called, it has really good food. We both ordered the Jerk Chicken with a side of rice and peas.  I also ordered a coconut juice drink. We were not disappointed. The food was like home cooking. The chicken was so tender that the meat fell off the bone.  Everything ws so tasty and the price was right.  The total bill was under $20.  

The space here is really small and is more of a take out place so seating is limited.  But we were able to snag some seats and enjoy our food in the restaurant.Ǿ
Well, this was one of the more unpleasant fast-food encounters I can easily recall.

I walked in around lunchtime on a weekday and the place was almost empty. I took a quick look at the menu board and though I walked in expecting to order a beef patty, I was intrigued by something called a "festival."

A cook from the back came out and asked what I wanted, to which I replied that I was wondering what the aforementioned "festival" was. This surly, unpleasant man took a few steps backwards and pointed to something that looked like dinner rolls with his metal tongs. Well, okay then.

So instead I asked for a beef patty. I attempted to hand the cashier a $20 bill, since they don't take credit cards, and he asked if I had anything smaller. I said I didn't and tried to give him my debit card, to which he responded that there's a minimum cost for using debit. Okay, I said, so I guess I'll just leave? He muttered something under his breath and took my cash and said that next time I should come armed with small change. Next time! Ha!

But how was the patty itself, you're surely asking. Aside from the fact that I was inwardly fuming the entire time I was eating it, this is a sad, pathetic little Jamaican patty. The pastry surrounding it is nice and flaky, admittedly, but the filling is nothing short of a trainwreck.

It's not even remotely spicy is the main problem here. A Jamaican patty without spice is about as useful as a bowl of nachos without melty cheese. It's also shockingly flavorless, so it's like you're eating a plain pastry with a warm, bland filling.

This entire joint is a travesty and a joke. I will, it goes without saying, never return.Ǿ
One thing I really miss already about moving out of the area is Pat's. They were my go-to for jerk chicken. I've tried a few other things in the menu but the jerk kept me coming back. Definitely some of the best jerk downtown.Ǿ
Horrible customer service. The food can be good but the amount of attitude you must endure is not worth it. The man actually kissed his teeth when I asked for some drinks. If the owner actually smiled for once in his life and was nice it would be a decent spot but I would not recommend this place.Ǿ
My #1 jerk chicken & ox tail joint to go to when ever I fiend for real Jamaican food. Really great eating after a night filled with lots of alcohol..The jerk chicken tends to get spicier with every visit but still amazingly seasoned & great fall off the bone jerk chicken heaven :)

Oh and friendly tip for ppl who are looking for 5 star service. You ppl are in the wrong place and u are expecting too much from a fast food joint.. The place was built to be an in-and-out, have a good meal place.. If you get all complicated and start a pointless conversation with the owner or worker then they're just gonna be in their head thinking please move along so that I can serve the next customer.. So yeah the service isn't the best but why be fussy about the 5 second interaction with the workers when the food is all you're there for?Ǿ
Really good Chicken Stew, but it's pricier in comparison to Island Foods, Jerk Spot and The Real Jerk. Still really good and quick!Ǿ
Pat's is awesome.  Love the juicy, spicy, flavourful jerk chicken - amazing!  Also, love the creamy coleslaw!  Pat's curry goat roti is sensational. The goat is super tender and very flavourful - the absolute best Jamaican curry goat I've ever tasted. Also love the oxtail which is also super tender and flavourful.  Best jerk chicken in the GTA and likely beyond!!Ǿ
Ok, I've heard its the best but visiting Jamaica and know what authentic good homestyle Jamacian food is, i was utterly disappointed.  My jerk chicken was ok, a tab bit bland, the beef dumpling stew was good, festival was very hard and so was my beef patty.  The rice was ok and no cabbage came with the small or bread, i was disappointed.

Overall it was just ok, but the place is often packed so maybe i didnt drink the juice everyone else indulged in.Ǿ
Some of the best jerk chicken in Toronto.
Choose your sauce, you can add a different hot sauce, and the chicken is nicely moist in a wet marinade.
A tad more expensive than other places.
Doesn't have a lot of smoke or sweetness.Ǿ
The curries at Pat's are exceptionally tasty. Having tried them all I would say the oxtail is supreme, but the others are good too. They each have a distinct rich flavour. When poured over their rice, it's quite hard to resist.

Jerk chicken is seasoned nicely, cooked well, and when doused with a healthy ladle of curry it's even better.

I am a big fan of Jamaican dumplings, and theirs are good. Pretty much what you would expect.. a giant ball of fried dough, dense and full of doughy flavour. They are heated in the microwave when ordered, so getting a fresh one out of the fryer is unfortunately not likely.

The roti is good, but I would personally opt to go to Ghandi's a few stores over. 

The prices are reasonable. The service is slow, but you might say it adds to the experience. There are a few seats in the place but it's more of a takeout destination.Ǿ
*Drake voice* Best (jerk chicken) I've ever had. Really flavourful and delicious. People who work here are so nice!Ǿ
Waltzed in here after roaming the Queen Street West area in search of men's clothing.  Even my hoity toity British friend, who is used to eating the fanciest food, was quite impressed by the deliciousness of the stew chicken that she ordered.  I enjoyed the jerk chicken and thought it was quite good (just not as good as my favourite, the Ritz at Yonge & Carlton).Ǿ
To be fair... I only had one Jamaican patty and one Ting. Both were awesome, and for lunch under $5 I'd definitely go back. I would also go back to chat with Pat again - great crack!Ǿ
Purchased a small oxtail dinner and found that it was pretty average in terms of taste. I would rate it 3/5 for taste but the cost and portion size relative to the price brings it down to 2/5. The oxtail & rice were dry and was lacking in flavor. I was charged $12.20 for the meal, not quite sure how they got that figure as it lists $12 on the board, taxes included. As well, the small was served in those tiny styrofoam containers. There are better joints in the city with a better taste & value. This place gets a lot of love but I would not recommend.Ǿ
The boneless chicken curry is delicious.   Even big eaters don't have to order large, the small is usually big enough for most circumstances.   The coleslaw mixes so well with the chicken, potatoes and rice.

The food and the prices are capable of taking this place to a five star rating.   But their stereo must have been found at the city dump and taken there.   It cuts out every 30 seconds.   Are they trying to drive their employees crazy?   Have they ever thought how annoying that is to the customers?   How much can a proper stereo, and better yet some Sirius satellite radio cost?Ǿ
Ridiculous service, terrible (semi-cold) and flavourless food, ludicrous setting - all the makings of a disastrous celebrity endorsement (you'll see who I mean when you walk into this place).Ǿ
Pat's is mainly a take out joint. Few bar stools to stare at the wall while you eat, or the Queen St foot traffic. 
Don't mind those complaining 'bout the 'service'.. Someone putting your takeout container together acting a jerk, serving jerk.. go figure. 
Just order your food, pay and go. Skip the discussion if the chicken is grain fed; hold your tongue if you're going to ask about their gluten free menu etcetera etcetera 

Jerk chicken, oxtail and chicken stew is enough to fulfill your wants, cravings for food from JA.

Rather than quote the terminator, in my best Patois - Soon Commmme, Seeeeen.Ǿ
Amazing oxtail dinner and beef patty for 12 dollars total. Such a good authentic vibe from this place.Ǿ
NO ONE HAS SURPASSED THE OXTAIL here. I've tried many. This melt off the bone oxtail and amazing coleslaw combination is delicious!!! I Crave it often. 

The jerk chicken is very authentic and good too. The chicken is hot but blacken from all the spices. Their patties are the famous Michelin brand. 

The only downfall is the service. But I think they know you will still come back for the quality.Ǿ
Pros:
- Food was pretty good. I ate the whole thing lol
- Price is fair for the portion size
- Got my food quick
- Got lots of chicken and gravy
- Perfect spice level for me

Cons:
- The guy serving me seems to be taking to himself loudly in what sounded like Patois. I don't think it was directed at me but made me feel a little uncomfortable lol

Ordered: 
$12 Large Jerk Chicken - Very happy with how everything turned out. Perfect amount of spice and left me feeling satisfied

Conclusion:
I am overall very satisfied with Pat's. The jerk chicken was tasty, the rice peas were great and one nice thing about Pat's is you can pick what kind of gravy you want. I picked ox tail gravy and it was awesome. The meal also came with a side of coslaw which paired really well with the heat from the chicken and gravy. For $12 you get a generous portion which could be split into 2 lunches. Perfect amount of rice for the amount of chicken also. I would highly recommend Pat's. I will be coming back for moreǾ
Since the name changed from Albert's Real Jamaican Foods, I haven't tried Pat's Homestyle until last night. Shame on me because I was in for quite a delicious meal. 

I ordered the oxtail dinner which according to other reviews is the best. It was indeed and it should be since it's the priciest item on the menu. But for $13, you get meat that's flavourful and fatty, and a pile of rice and peas that doesn't lack in spice. I loved the gravy sauce and next time I'll ask for more on my plate because it was so delicious.Ǿ
Despite being black, my experience with Jamaican cuisine is lacking, so on recommendation of an actual Jamaican, I decided to try out Pat's Homestyle Jamaican Restaurant.

Pat's is a very small establishment, with modest seating and an old school vibe. In the dimly lit interior you'll see posters of a handful of individuals that speak to North American black culture, from oldies like Mohammed Ali, to new kids like Husein Bolt. (And just to keep you on your toes, they tossed in Wayne Gretzky.)

From the outset, I had my eyes on their oxtail dish, but to satisfy this carbload day I also picked up a good old fashion Jamaican beef patty and a pastry called festival.

For about $15, the large oxtail comes with a fair amount of seasoned rice, oxtail swimming in gravy, and coleslaw. This dish can be summed up as comfort food that your mom would have made (were she a Jamaican woman). It's all made ready-to-order, but that's really an after-thought, especially when it comes to the oxtail meat itself. The meat is served in chunks, still attached to the bone, and in a pool of savoury, but not overly heavy gravy. If I had the power to hand out culinary awards, this oxtail would get the slip-off-the-bone award, because fall-off-the-bone does not do this meat justice. Pat's obviously takes its time letting that oxtail marinate to give you a juicy bite, with a tasteful amount of fat. The dish also comes with a side of decent coleslaw. My final thought is that though the dish wasn't quite "delicious", it was for sure tasty, and aggressively satisfying.

To comment on the sides, the beef patty was as standard as a patty gets. To be honest, I would have hoped for something a little more interesting, because it's not inconceivable that they get these from a grocery store. In no way bad. Just basic.
Lastly, came the festival, which is a 5 inch cylindrical pastry, that's slightly sweet and served warm. No fault to Pat's, but festival in general appears to be no big deal, and I don't know why I've heard so many Jamaicans mention it.

So should you come to Pat's? Damn right if you want belly warming Jamaican food with a home style feel. Just put your faith in the main dishes rather than the sides.Ǿ
I'm just so glad that I did not suggest going to Pat's...(my friends would have hate me!)

I'm just so glad that the real Jamaican Homestyle's cooking I had was 100% way way better...

I'm just so glad no one made me finished my food.. because they were so bad...

Chicken Stew - Small ($8)
- Chicken was so dry, with no seasoning.. in fact, it tasted sweet?

Chicken Roti ($10)
- Chicken was so dry, the sauce so bland...

Festival ($1.75)
- Microwaved awfulness... just solid hard and chewy.... I almost broke my plastic knife trying to cut them into smaller pieces...

The only saving grace was the Ting I ordered, the only thing I enjoyed!

I am confused...I didn't have any beers that night...You sure I ate at the Pat's Homestyle Restaurant with all these 4/5 reviews?Ǿ
The food was really good! I've had a lot of Jamaican food before and this place holds it down... I got the jerk chicken and festival.. I can handle my spice and this one had a real good kick to it.. They don't hold back on the scotch bonnet.. The chicken was perfectly tender and fall off the bone and the coleslaw really cooled everything down.. The festival on the other hand was not edible.. Number one, it was huge.. I'm used to dumplings.. This was like, 3 dumplings in one. They microwaved it which usually doesn't really bother me.. But it made it so hard that I didn't even bother eating it.. But all in all, I'd totally come backǾ
I love the jerk chicken here and the roti. Not so much of a sit down place, more of a takeout joint. 
the gentleman who works here is always so nice
i def recommend it.  

one love lolǾ
The Jerk Chicken was amazing. Went there for lunch along with 2 Co-Workers. The place was A/C and the food look clean. We all had the jerk chicken and the chicken sauce along with the chicken was authentic and amazing.Ǿ
Not the best service, but the food is pretty good. The jerk chicken and chicken curry have both been pretty good experiences. Definitely worth a try!Ǿ
Hands up and down! The BEST Jamaican food I've ever had and probably will ever have. The food is authentic and outstanding to put it mildly. The prices are fair and the portions are plenty. A few reviews have mentioned bad customer service but it's all in the way you see the big picture really. If you happen to be on the snooty side and like wearing your shorts tighter than most other people do then don't walk into Pat's because he'll set you straight. I've never been treated anything other than proper and same goes with anyone else who I've seen and heard come in and order. This pkace isn't a fancy establishment and nor does it need to be because the food is all that matters in the end. If you've ever had any real dealings with true Jamaicans then you'd understand they don't put up with pretentious individuals in the least. These guys are actually quite friendly and outgoing after they've seen you a few times but that's not to say they don't treat newcomers well. They just don't go out of their way to falsely portray themselves as people they aren't and they can sniff out the the pretentious, politically correct pretenders pretty fast. With that said if you really dig authentic Jamaican fare and don't care about whether your legs are being massaged while you wait then Pat's will definitely satisfy your cravings each and every time.Ǿ
Okay - so I was drunk when I stumbled in here and had some kinda of a roti.  I think it was okay.  I don't really remember.

But what's memorable about this place is the decor (frankly surprised no one has mentioned this) -- posters of Malcolm X, Muhammed Ali, etc... okay - makes me want to blare 'Fight The Power'.  Then I see there are posters of Michael Jordan, Gretzky, Usain Bolt and Kobe... okay, I'm still with you.  Then, I see the posters of Obama - okay, did I walk into a barbershop?  Then I see the huge poster of Mr. Pierre 'Ultimate Badass' Trudeau and now I'm back.

The random assortment of poster is quite badass.  Surprised someone still has the MJ 'Wings' and 'Space Jam' posters kicking around - it's like I'm back in high school.Ǿ
the food is good, but horrible customer service. for that reason, I would never come back...ever...it's as if they don't want business.Ǿ
Recommendation: Large Stew Chicken ($10). The meat is tender, sauce is delicious... it's SO moist. Cooked to perfection. I've had it about 5-6 times and it's been sensational every time.

The portions are large. The rice is cooked perfectly, is moist, and is most delicious with a bit of gravy. I've also tried the goat and the jerk chicken, but Iike the stew chicken more.

I haven't tried the ox tail yet... (loved the stew chicken too much to pay an extra $3) but ox tail is amazing, and I'm willing to bet that it's terrific here.

I'll report back on the oxtail and roti when I try them.

Terrific value considering how good the food is.

FYI - It's a take-out joint.

BONUS: Open late!Ǿ
I can't believe all you hipster d-bags living in the area haven't taken the time to review this gem of a restaurant.  Guess you were all too busy buying skinny jeans or something.

This is no longer called Albert's Real Jamaican Foods -- it is Pat's Homestyle Jamaican Restaurant.  It's been for some time now, probably a year.  Whatever you wanna call it, this place F-ING ROCKS!

Best oxtail I've had in Toronto.  It is in a whole other league compared with the same dish at Albert's on St. Clair.  Pour that sweet ass gravy all over my rice please.  I'd eat the Styrofoam if there's enough gravy on it.

Prices are the same as other Jamaican joints, which leads me to believe they're conspiring against us all, like the banh mi shop owners.  Damn them.  I've pretty regular here, and it's definitely going on my 'tops' list.Ǿ
I like it!

Not sure what the gripes about the service were - the guy serving us was practically a Maritimer in terms of friendly - we shared some debate on Diet Coke vs Coke Zero.  He didn't like either - he went for Diet Pepsi.  That's just gross, dude. #lostrespect

We got the small jerk chicken and goat curry.  Though they looked small, unless you're a big eater, it is plenty of food.  Both were tasty, moist, and fricking good.  The rice was.. ricey - well done.  

I also tried a spicy patty - normally when an ethnic restaurant with typically spicy diets says it's spicy, it's damn spicy.  Like in an Indian restaurant, it lights my mouth (and, later, nether regions) ablaze.  Likewise, suicide hot wings from a mainstream pub sometimes could use some habanero enhancement.  So I expected some flames, but surprisingly it wasn't actually that spicy.  Tasted great though, so no complaints (someone should really create an easy way to characterize the spiciness of a dish that all restaurants could use.  Hmm.. restaurant-grade Scoville meter?  Business idea forming here..).

Oh and they threw in some coleslaw gratis as well - surprisingly, it was quite good!  If you've ever read my other reviews, I tend to whine about coleslaw quality - this one was small but actually quite nice.  On the KFC scale (where 0 is raw cabbage and 11 is KFC coleslaw, this one was about an 8).

The location is small and cozy, and I've learned not to eat anywhere with a smell, because I then leave the place smelling like that establishment.  I made that mistake a few weeks ago with an Indian takeout place, and took 4 days for my coat to stop reeking of curry.  Curry taste? Awesome.  Curry smell on clothes? Vile.  Opt for takeout.Ǿ
Food is amazing. Portions are decent. I always get the oxtail. Jerk chicken is dope too. And beef patties are pretty damn good. I even like the coleslaw that the meals come with. 

And it is opened til 1:00am most nights.Ǿ
The most amazinggggggg jerk chicken in the city. I have been to Jamaica and no one was able to provide me with an authentic jerk chicken meal. Its to die for. Def a great gem on Queen streetǾ
This is where I had the best curry goat I've had so far. The meat was so succulent that it was practically falling off the bones. The taste was also great, as well as huge portions. It was just rice, beans, and goat, which was perfect. The price was also very reasonable and the service was great.Ǿ
I think Ghandi Roti needs to expand their business hours.

However, Pat's homestyle does a decent job filling in.

It was Friday night, which is usually my 'bad food' night. You know, the night you just want to eat something really tasty and filling, to make up for all the horribleness of your work week. Whats that? You socialize or go to the gym instead? Try just eating a big fat meal, it also does the trick!

Ok so getting back to Friday, I had Ghandi roti on my mind....on my mind for the past 2 months since I had last been. I got there around midnight and they were closed! Bah...how can they not be taking advantage of late night drunken food binges! The income they are losing...

Anyhoo, I went to Pat's instead, which is literally 2 store fronts over from Ghandi's. They also sold roti. They also sell paties, oxtail, and a couple vegetarian options. I got the chicken for $10. I liked it...but not as solid as Ghandi's.

Sorry for all the Ghandi references in this review. As you can see, its still on my mind :)Ǿ
Awesome place for spicy jerk chicken. Not too far from my office so people go here for takeout since it's really quick service. 

Ordered: Small Jerk Chicken w/chicken gravy and coleslaw

This is definitely enough food for lunch (unless you have a huge appetite and are used to really big lunches). They fire roast their chicken and then let it sit in the sauce after so the flavors really soak in. I prefer this place over The Jerk Joint

I haven't tried anything else yet but my coworkers swear by the Curry Goat, and the Curry Goat Gravy on their Jerk Chicken

Other reviews are correct in that the service is not the friendliest, sometimes I don't know if the guys are talking to me or not haha but who cares when all you really want is some good take out Jerk chicken?? :)

Cash/Debit only. Limited counter seating (about 6 chairs)Ǿ
The food here is actually really good. I've gone here quite a bit on those nights when I just don't feel like cooking and I'm never disappointed. The guys are very friendly and if they aren't chatting you up they are watching tv hahaha. 

My fave item on the menu is the Oxtail and let me tell you it speaks for it's self. It's a little pricy but once you have it you'll understand why. It's full of flavour that blows you completely away. The sauce they make it in is probably the best I've had in a long time. 

I recommend this place to anyone and bring all your friends.Ǿ
Other than the fact that the gentlemen who prepared my order is picking his nose while conversing with me, I don't have any complaints. LOL Luckily, I do have a good sense of humor and I've work in a Chinese restaurant before so this isn't as shocking to me. However, I do know that the majority of people do care about this type of behavior hence I thought I would mention it right out.

As for the jerk and all the goodness that come with it, it is quite good. One of the better tasting jerks I have had in recent memory with the exception of Raps of course (which I have crowned the champion of Jerk in the T Dot). The chicken is moist and flavourful, although I wish the skin wasn't so limp but I've had much worst. The rice is soft with a slight chew -- just right. The slaw is equally satisfying.

All in all, a great place to get some jerk if you are in the area. The portions are filling and just about on par with other jerk places.Ǿ
The Food is good not too greasy at all, great takeout place. The service is meh, there isn't much room so sit and eat and but good place overall.Ǿ
This place serves stale jerk pork that's microwaved upon order. Be sure to ask if the food is fresh before ordering. I'll only come back here for a beef patty. Will not recommend.Ǿ
This place never disappoints. I had oxtail, beef soup and a patty all were DELICIOUS.Ǿ
If you like spicy this place is great. If not don't go because almost every meat dish is spicy, even the ones that aren't supposed to be like stew beef. Rice n peas is good. drinks are way overpriced. The usual Jamaican ishǾ
Really excellent jerk chicken with beans n rice and oxtail gravy - and decent portions. I'm sorry to be glad those dudes who were running Alberts here are gone, they gave such ripoff SMALL portions and I'm not a little guy. What was their deal? No attitude or scrooge service now thank you.

Sayonara Alberts on Queen. Your location on St Clair Ave never let me down though, God bless.Ǿ
The delivery was prompt and the food was amazing. Had the jerk pork and curried goat with beans and rice. The rice was some of the best I've had and the goat - lets just say the next day my poop smelled delicious. Recommended.Ǿ
Where do I start with this place...

Food. 
I always get the jerk chicken dinner. It's mediocre for most part. It's microwave reheated and they're not ashamed to hide it. I really do enjoy the oxtail gravy that they put on the rice. The beef pattis are alright. It's a quick snack if you're in a bond. The biggest feature of this place is the massive potions. 

Decor
It's a take out joint. They have a few seats along the window but do yourself a favor, take out to eat at home or find a park nearby. 

Service. 
ATTITUDE central. Everytime I go, and pretty often for a while, they make you feel like you're inconveniencing them. They bark at you asking you what you want, and can't look more unimpressed the whole process. 

All in all, if it isn't for the value of a giant meal for $10. I'd never go back.Ǿ
We were deciding on what to have for dinner and eventually settled on for Some Jamaican food. My god, this place was so hard to fine(at least for us non-canadian) it took us like an hour or so. After driving for like 10 hours from VA and walking around in circles just looking for this place nearly killed us. Don't really get the chance to have jamaican food where I live cause there's not much option compared to Toronto. Anyways enough rambling let's focus on the food. We ordered roti chicken and roti vege to go. Both were good. The chicken had some heat to it, (if you like spicy then good if not then too bad). Chicken was moist, had some gravy and potatoes with it. The vege on the other hand was milder(heat wise). The veges were carrots, green peas, cauliflower and lots of potatoes cooked in curry I believe. The rotis were kinda big, one roti could feed 2 people. Regarding the service, it was decent, there were two guys at the counter. The one who took our order had a straight face,no smile, nothing(din't bother us)but the other guy(i think he had glasses on) was cool, he talked to us for a bit. Overall food is good, service so-so. Will come again if ever in TorontoǾ
Small but good menu. Jerk chicken, oxtail are great.Ǿ
The man who took our order was rude and sullen. The man who gave us our food and cashed us out was rude and sullen. The chicken roti was good but not great - Ghandi a few doors east is a million times better. Won't be back.