My family has been going to Bronte Fish and Chips since I was little.  I love the fact that the staff are so friendly and the Halibut and Chips are the BEST I have had! We also go for the tasty Cherry Cheesecake! To die for! I recommend this family run restaurant to everyone I know! Thumbs Up Guys!!!Ǿ
Went back for the first time in 5+ years.  Used to be a regular customer 10 years ago, but not in the area as much as I used to be.  However, after a recent stop back there, I can still say their Halibut & Chips is still the best in the GTA.  Well worth the trip if you're in the area.Ǿ
Best Fish & Chips! Friendly, family run business, homemade desserts. Voted Best Fish & Chips in the Oakville Beaver's Reader's Choice Awards year after year!Ǿ
Fish and chips was born in England. I have eaten it there. Rest assured, this is as good as over 'ome. If you don't like it, you don''t know fish and chips. A little pricey it may be. But worth every penny. Not sure why anybody would have any "questions" about it.Ǿ
Great fish and chips. Only drawback: I wish they made their own tartar sauce.Ǿ
we like to try different places for fish and chips.. with many good reviews we went to Bronte fish and chips and what a disappointment !!!  there were 2 ladies behind the counter ,the younger lady with curlier hair had an attitude that she is doing us some favor by getting our order-we did not stay in , every question we had seemed be a big deal to answer ... ordered half fish and chips...what an awful surprise when we opened our package - the fish was more of a quarter of a fish from what we are use to getting when ordering half fish at other fish and chips places, fries were soggy, blend and uncooked - the individual order was super small, wasn't even enough for our kids to be full - we had to go and have an actual lunch at another place -it was horrible !  
We have been to a lot places serving fish and chips all over Ontario and this was the most awful experience from the unpleasant server /cook to the tiny and un-tasty order -just horrible ...  don't recommend at all !Ǿ
Excellent fish and chips. We did take-out yesterday. Batter is not heavy and you can taste the fish. Haddock was sublime. Very friendly staff and gorgeous family run place.Ǿ
A wonderful place for a Mom/Pop styled fish and chips experience. Very delicious and generous portioned lunch menu. The haddock and chips lunch meal deal is a perfect choice for $10. The fries are homemade and delicious. I recommend the coleslaw, it's creamy and delicious! I recommend taking advantage of their Tuesday specials! Enjoy!Ǿ
Very good fish and chips and consistent quality.  The fries are perfectly cooked as well.  It's a "diner" type feel and the staff are friendly.Ǿ
Went here with my friend one night for dinner after burning a fatty.  Spilt a 2 piece fish & chips with a side order of fries mushrooms.....was not impressed.  Fish was kind of tasteless and fries were soggy.  Only thing I liked was the coleslaw which was actually not too bad.Ǿ
This will not be our favourite fish&chips place. While we experienced an alright customer service, the food is not so good. We find that the fish batter is soaked with a lot of oil and the french fries are not fresh. 

Recommendation: the heat temperature is very crucial when it comes to deep fried food. If the heat is too high, the batter will get burned quickly but the fish is not. If the heat is too low, the fish batter will absorb all that oil into it and the results will become greasy batter with probably overcooked fish. So, please get this right so we'll have a great fish&chip place in town. Also, the restaurant is needed an update with a more brighter modern decor.Ǿ
Ok, I can't say enough about this place. I simply LOVE it. Yes, it is on the greasy side, but their oil is always clean and so everything always comes out perfect. The fries are some of the best I've EVER had and that's a big deal for me to say because fries are one of my favourite treats and when it comes to them, I am VERY picky. (Wow, that was a run on sentence, but the fries deserved it.) 
My only wish, and notice I didn't say complaint, is that I wish they made poutine. With fries like that I bet it would be out of this world. 
We always get takeout and and they often have specials. So..... great food, great value, happy customer. 
Are they serving poutine yet? .... How about now?