This is s very nice authentic Italian restaurant the food is excellent. The waitress was very friendly as well as a good resource for suggestions.   My Wife and I came here for our night out and had a great time.   The thing that impressed us most was a serving of sorbet before our main course.   The ambiance of the eating area was nice even to the point that one could say it is romantic.笑
Other restaurants should take note of this restaurant our waiter was passionate about his products whether the dish we asked about or the various wines offered - his name was eith Matt or Nate he knew the preparation of the dishes we asked about and was very easy in his delivery great food, great service and priced right only negative if it could be a negative was the outside facade of the restaurant but I guess you can't tell a book by its cover笑
I'm not sure what took me so long to write this review because I have told at least 5 people IRL that this is now my favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte. I do not have one negative thing to say about this place so let's highlight my favorite points..
-Home made pasta! Oh my goodness! Can you taste the difference. I had the gnocchi and it was so warm and squishy and comforting. 
-Every sauce was amazing, from the dipping sauce for the bread and breadsticks, to the marinara that came with the fried calamari to the sauce with our pasta dishes. I wanted to ask for seconds and lick the bowl. 
-The plates were a great size! I might be biased because I ate two plates of bread a lone. But you can tell by my pics that they didn't skimp on he portions. 

I can not wait to come back!!笑
Good food, good ambiance, good value, convenient location, nice indoors or outside. Have eaten here for dinner and lunch, and not been disappointed. Solid.笑
I am always recommending this places to friends and co-workers. What a wonderful dining experience. The entire wait staff is amazing. The food is that much better and you can find a great wine for pairing there. Great to intimate dinners or a night with friends. Highly recommended! Not many great Italian restaurants around town but this is one on my list.笑
I have to imagine this place was busier than normal due to Queens Feast Restaurant Week, as it seemed fairly close quarters with lots of staff moving about the restaurant. That being said, the service was excellent (our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu) and the food was memorable.

What makes the lobster ravioli pasta dark? Squid ink! The plate was full, both in volume and flavor, and I appreciated the pesto and bread plate that was brought out at the start. The scallop appetizers were nice and I was quite happy with my cannoli dessert.

Don't let the location in a strip mall keep you from checking this place out, as the food speaks for itself and the service is a great match. My dining companions were big fans of the tiramisu, but not of the cheesecake. I would definitely return and recommend to anyone looking for a nice night out.笑
Birthday dinner was amazing.  1)  The Food.  Had shitake mushroom, scallops & cauliflower, & proscuitto & melon appetizers.  Delicious.  Had sole, stuffed halibut, and a spicy saffron pasta.  Delicious.  Had panna cotta, chocolate tarte, & tiramisu.  Delicious.  Sorbet served in between and limoncello at the end.  Portions were generous for such goodness.  2)  The Service.  Went on a Monday night.  Perfect service in terms of timing, graciousness, 7 knowledge.  Absolutely the best Italian in town.笑
Oh mama Fiamma! The shopping center Fiamma is located in seems to have a running theme. Look super sketchy on the outside and then be really nice inside. Walking in you switch from a dark parking lot to a nice flood of warm lighting and a fairly intimate dining area.

The service is fairly slow and easygoing here. I don't know if that's the normal since there weren't that many tables there. My first course of scallops with a balsamic reduction arrived at a speedy clip, but then there was a large amount of time till the main course arrived for us. When it finally came out though I was kind of intrigued by the presentation. I had ordered a braised lamb shank with potato gnocchi. However they were portioned on separate dishes. My lamb looked so lonely down on it's massive plate with a nice sauce running around, and then a small plate of gnocchi beside it. This just leaves a very disjointed feeling to the dish where everything doesn't exactly match together. It left me a bit sad, until dessert came! I had the very decadent panna cotta paired with a balsamic berry compote. The only thing I'd change about this is the fact that there's not enough compote to go with the panna cotta and once you run out all you have left is a one note dessert of sugary cheese. Needless to say I didn't finish it, our server accidentally brought out an extra tiramisu and he handled it by just giving it to us. Nice, I never turn down free stuff! Speaking of free stuff the complimentary limoncello for dessert is a nice touch. Though they don't exactly make that clear so make sure you ask about that.

The food here is pretty spendy, and really yummy, but some mistakes just really hold it back. Maybe next time it'll be awesome.笑
Sad to hear this beats the other Italian joints in the city. However, the place is good and worth a visit. Strange layout - we sat upstairs and I had a wonderful view of a balcony wall that could have been much shorter or a railing.笑
I love Fiamma.  Easily my favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte.  I love the tucked away location in a strip mall that helps keep the secret. 

On this night I ordered the caprese salad, which was one of the specials of the night.  Freshly make mozarella was perfect.  It tasted like it was made only a few hours before.

For my main meal, I had the Tagliolini alla Zafferano on the regular menu.  Lightly spiced tomato sauce with fresh crabmeat.  I love spicy tomato sauce on pasta and they make mine a touch more spicy to satisfy this craving.

This is really just a great upper scale Italian place if you are seeking a nicer night than checkered table cloths.笑
I am always nervous heading out with friends to an Italian restaurant since I have to eat gluten-free so I called ahead to Fiamma to make sure that there would actually be a few items on the menu that I could have for dinner. I was immediately assured that I could eat most of the salads, the risotto, and any of the fish specials. Armed with this small list, I was excited to head out to dinner with our small group. 

We ate here at 7pm on a Saturday night - we made a reservation earlier in the day and were seated right away. Within the first ten minutes of being seated, we were personally greeted by at least four different people. Still not sure exactly who they all were ... a couple of servers, a sommelier perhaps? After reading some yelp reviews, I knew that service could be spotty so I asked the server if there were any specials ... my, oh my... were there ever! At least 6! They all sounded amazing. Thankfully, I asked the right server this question - she was able to describe each and every special with incredible detail, I wanted to try them all. We asked our other server a couple of follow up questions and she knew absolutely nothing. Nothing. It was very, very odd. Thank goodness she was not our primary server. We would have had a completely different experience. (It turns out that we had two servers because they were both relatively new - one is obviously a faster learner...)

We ordered a couple of crab and lobster stuffed mushroom appetizers for the table (they were gluten-free!! cheese stuffed, not breaded!), and some salads to share. My friend and I split the beet and pecorino cheese salad. Amazing. The table ordered a variety of dishes and they all looked and tasted delicious. I ordered the red snapper off the menu - it was a huge portion, served with delicious garlicky spinach and a tasty red sauce. I honestly could not even finish it. 

The service was very, very drawn out. We arrived at 7pm and were eating until past 10pm. I would highly recommend this restaurant - the food was excellent, absolutely top-notch. Depending on your server, your experience might not be as stellar. Our second server definitely caused a couple of hiccups with our meal - ordering one of our group an appetizer instead of a dinner, for example. With that in mind, I don't think that I can give it a solid 5th star... 4.5 for sure, maybe 5 next time!笑
I have worked in Charlotte for four years, and have had the good fortune to eat at a lot of good restaurants.  This place is the best, the location off Park probably helps it be one of the best secrets in Charlotte.  I had the veal, which was superb, as well as, the risotto.  Tremendous wine selection and great desserts.笑
Holy Delicious!  We went there for restaurant week after a decent and a not so decent experience.  Fiamma sits in a quaint spot and is easily missed,,,,but please don't overlook this spot.  The decor is is cozy and classy with plenty of space between tables for privacy.  The service is amazing (Thank you Mario)....knowledgeable and attentive service that isn't too intrusive.  Food was GREAT!  Seared scallop with cauliflower puree, mushrooms, and balsamic reduction...then onto black ravioli with scallop and shrimp filling (wholesome and delicate at the same time), then we shared all of the deserts.....ALL FANTASTIC....Just go and enjoy yourself,....a seriously underrated space in Charlotte.笑
Finally had the please of checking out this place last night.  First thing is to not be too put off by the fact this is located in what would otherwise be considered a strip mall.  The outward appearance is misleading in my opinion based on the greatness that lies within.  

The decor was a mix somewhere between high end and mediocre.  Acoustical ceiling tiles that remind you of the office is something they should reconsider.  take the ceilings down, paint everything black and probably would actually improve and open up the space.  All other parts of the decor was fine.  One thing I'll note is I love booths and this place is lacking in that department.

The food was just simply fantastic.  Probably top 5 Italian food I've had.  The dishes are very unique and the chef specials seem to be thoughtful and original.  I had the stuffed veal chop and it came out with a great presentation and cooked to perfection.  Another great thing about this place is they don't leave you hanging when it comes to serving sizes.  You will likely have a leftover dish for lunch!

The service here was great as well, very personable and pleasant all around.  In short Fiamma is Fantastic.笑
The food and the service was phenomenal! This restaurant is a hidden gem and a place that you will definitely try again. They make their pasta from scratch. My friend ordered the fresh salmon dish and it was so good. I ordered a pasta dish that included scallops, shrimps, and clams. Deeeeelish! In my Rachel Ray voice!  We both ordered a glass of Chianti and it paired very well with our meals.笑
We enjoyed a lovely dinner last night. While I ate from the menu my wife enjoyed the $35 Prix fixe. The pasta was spot on as was my wife's veal & scallops. Service was good providing you allow the time as these folks make most items "from scratch".笑
Fiamma you proved me wrong! I went in not expecting a whole lot because my Italian standards are quite high and well this was in a strip mall.Upon walking in the place was a bit empty - however it was only 6pm but that did change, and I can see why! 

Our server was fantastic which was a welcome change after my horrible experience at Savannah Red. In fact, I let Mario take the reigns and order my entire meal based on what he would get, his recommendations did not disappoint! 

Fresh bread and incredible pesto was served first. We went through two bowls of pesto- this stuff is awesome-sauce. 

I started with the delicious Pan Seared Scallop nestled in a bed of the most delicious cauliflower/truffle puree - that I plan on imitating at home.

For my meal I had the vitello alla Milanese which was cooked absolutely perfect - a hard thing to do with veal. The insalate was light and lemony but I tasted a bit of arabiatta sauce my friends had and asked for that on the side - and that addition took it to the next level for me. 

For dessert we all split one of each - the favorite amongst us being the Crema Tostata or basically cold Italian crème brulee.

While the chef's, servers, and even owners aren't Italian, one thing is clear, they have a passion for Italian food and they know how to cook it right! Mario explained to us that this is Fiamma's main source of advertisement (Queen's Feast), and that they have a huge base of regulars and they like to keep the place local and kind of a bit of a secret- but this place is too great to miss, I highly suggest giving it a try.笑
We went here for our monthly girls dinner back in the summer and was overly impressed. The food was wonderful! First off bread and pesto was brought out to the table. We shared a few tomato basil salads (with freshly made buffalo mozzarella) and everyone raved about the freshness of the cheese. I had ordered the veal special and I wasn't disappointed with the meal even though it was quite pricey at $27, it was a meal worth paying that much for. 

We can get quite rowdy as the wine starts flowing (and I'll mention there were good selections of half off bottles of wine on Thursday nights) and the server only added to our great time. As a thank you we got a few complimentary desserts to share. 

The atmosphere isn't quite 'lively' but its a quaint quiet place to go for a romantic dinner. We were probably out of our place with our group of 10 but it worked out great for the night.笑
One of my favorite Italian restaurants, and a best bet in Charlotte. 

Had the whole wheat pasta with artichoke hearts and tomatoes. All was tasty and cooked perfectly. Mixed green salad was a great start and the tiramisu with a glass of lemoncello was a perfect end to a great meal. Nice wine selection too.笑
What a wonderful hidden Italian gem! Fiamma offers amazing service, amazing food, and an overall great experience! We had reservations and were seated upon arrival, brought fresh bread, with an amazing pesto olive oil dip. After a few minutes our waiter guided us through the menu & 12 specials for the evening, which we all chose. We started with the caprese, fresh mozzarella and tomato with balsamic, delish, and the stuffed mushroom with shrimp. After our appetizers we were served sorbet, the palette cleanser. Onto the entrees. We chose the Dover sole, mushroom risotto and veal chop. The presentation and taste of the sole was fabulous! All were served with a side of homemade pasta, gnocchi and fettuccine, both fresh and definitely homemade. 
Unfortunately we did not enjoy a dessert, but next time.
Overall, we were so pleased with the experience. I look forward to my next visit!

I will also say, please see Ben's review, could not agree more. Thanks Yelp for the great recommendation!笑
Second visit to Fiamma's as the first was excellent.  Last night was horrible.  Will not be back. Service was slow and poor.  It started with filling glasses that spilled on the table and taking my napkin to clean up. (and not bringing me a new one).  Dropping knives and plates.  The bread was very good, but the breadsticks that are made in house were burned.  I expect a $30 veal chop that is ordered medium rare to not be over cooked and tough.  The saffron risotto  tasted spoiled and the grilled vegetables were also over cooked.  The worst meal I have had in a long time.笑
We went here for restaurant week with reservation and had to wait ten minutes inside the door before anyone even acknowledged we were even there. My date had the deep fried shrimp and calamari wich was good. I had the sea scallops they were good but I only got 3 in the order and they were on the small side. For the main dish I ordered the lobster ravioli and was very happy with it. However when my companion told the server he did not like his meal ( Tritico Alla Scoglio - homemade pasta served with fresh seafood in a light spicy tomato sauce) he took it back into the kitchen and the chef returned and was rather rude to us while interrogating us with what exactly was wrong with it. Finally when dessert came that was best part of entire meal. We had the Tiramisu and the Italian cream brulee. We were hoping to have Italian coffee with dessert but saddly our server was rarely seen thruout the meal. ( someone else dropped desserts at table and just left ) my ice tea was NEVER refilled or my water glass. I guess the old Italian saying goes your here your family........ So get it yourself should apply to this restaurant.笑
Best Italian that we've had in NC.  The food was both creative and impeccably prepared.  Servings were generous.  Prices crazy cheap for the quality.笑
My wife and I moved down to the metro Charlotte area from New England. We were very spoiled as we would often go to Boston's Little Italy section for the best Italian food imaginable. We tried to find even a decent Italian restaurant in Charlotte but were disappointed over and over again - until we ran across Fiamma. Wow. The people are so nice & personable, they remember you, your favorite table, and their menu is very creative & unique. We have never had anything less than a fantastic meal every time we've been there. We've taken so many friends there and they've all had the same reaction. You will not be disappointed!笑
Just amazing. We were in town for only 24 hours, decided to go out to dinner. After reading all the amazing reviews, we decided on this place. It's unbelievably delicious. Chicago Italian restaurants don't even compare. Italian food out of this world. The waiter (June) was very helpful. He really knew his stuff. Gave us few wines to try all were delicious. We settled on IL Poggio Sangiovese Rubicone, this was the best wine I have ever had and for only $36 for the bottle. We got most of our food from specials, June did a nice presentation of the fish at the table taking all the bones out. The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcomed. I would definitely come back if I'm ever in town.笑
This is the best Italian restaurant in Charlotte hands down. The food is consistently excellent, service is very good as well.笑
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  Great food (especially the risotto), great service, and nice atmosphere (especially the more private lofted tables).  Always look forward to going back!笑
The services was awesome ! All
The servers are very pleasant. I got a dish that basically was shrimp Alfredo but had a fancy name. Although I didn't feel like it had that much flavor. My fiancé was able to get chicken parmigiana made for him and the chicken was divine. I can't say all the food here is awful from just one dish I tried. But I would probably go back just because the service is amazing and I am sure other dishes on the menu have more flavoring than my dish did. (I hope) I say check it out if your ever in charlotte North Carolina.  There's nothing to lose. Food is food :)笑
Don't judge a book by it's cover. This little quaint restaurant is in a strip center that does not seem so quaint. However, the staff and the food was extremely surprising.  They start by bringing you some bread sticks and bread with their homemade pesto. Their menu offers a good selection of fresh Italian dishes. They make some of their pastas daily, and you can taste the freshness. Their butternut squash ravioli melts in your mouth. Their pizza's are great - light and fluffy, but still crispy dough. Although, last time I was there, about 3 weeks ago, their pizza oven was broken - hope they have gotten it fixed. Food is a little slow to come out, but worth the wait!笑
I absolutly love this place. I have been here more than 10 times and each time I get great service, great food, and great drinks. The italian Margarita is amazing. The Fiamma salad is so tasty and lets not forget about the desserts. When I want to cheat on my diet this is the place I go. Everytime!笑
My 2nd experience in Fiamma was a good one.  There was a big group of us (7) so I made reservations through Open Table - no problem.  When we arrived, it didn't seem like we needed reservations, but the table was all set up for us and we were right by the door which was convenient to see people come in.

While we were waiting for our group to be complete, out server was very nice and charming - Also made it a point to let us know that every thing is fresh made in-house (the bread, the pasta, etc).

We ordered drinks and our waiter rattled off a TON of specials (which all sounded delicious).  I ended up going with their Striped Bass special with a lemon saffron sauce.  The fish was cooked perfectly and I was almost tempted to lick my plate clean with the sauce.  The bass rested over a bed of nicely seasoned brocolini.  The other dishes that were ordered all looked very good as well and everyone was pretty satisfied with their orders (no doggy bags needed!)  

Most of us indulged in dessert and that's how Fiamma gained it's last star (in my opinion).  It's definitely a solid 4.5... but I was super happy with my Panna Cotta.笑
Something is going on there, the service the last 2 visits was so awfully very slow (by that we mean they don't come to the table often enough or in a timely manner, even though they are quite attentive and friendly when they are there), yet the food remains terrific (except the calamari, rubbery, under-cooked, under-seasoned).  We'll go back, but will be extra sensitive to service time.笑
Very impressed!  I decided on Fiamma for my wife's birthday and just took a chance on this restaurant as nobody in our party had been there. They did not disappoint. The service was outstanding and our food was top notch. We tried several appetizers, scallops, carpaccio, beet salad, and prosciutto with buffalo mozzarella. For main dishes: ossobucco, sea bass and veal shank. There wasn't a meal that was less than outstanding. 
We will definitely be back!笑
I'm not much of an Italian food fan boy, but Fiamma is definitely one of the more understated powerhouse restaurants when it comes to the well-executed Italian fare in Charlotte. Made it in on a weeknight for a semi-late dinner and had a fantastic time. 

We skipped the drinks this time around, but they had a rather extensive wine menu. The focaccia and pesto they start you with is phenomenal. I'm a huge proponent of good focaccia and Fiamma's recipe is perfect. I barely have words for how good that pesto was. Fresh, aromatic, and strong. The smaller breadsticks in the bread basket were a nice touch as well. 

Entrees were stellar. I stepped out on a limb and ordered the veal chop, which was the special for the evening. Side of gnocchi and a killer red wine reduction. The veal chop was tender and packed with flavor. Stuffed with spinach and onions and each bite was better than the last. While hugely different than what my typical order would be, I was very pleased. The gnocchi....man. So good. Subtle, chewy, sweet with the tomato sauce and fresh herbs, and a perfect combo with the chop. I'd order that as a side dish again in a heartbeat. 

What really set this place apart from other eateries was the service. Our server was one of the most professional I've had in a long time. He knew the menu like a second language and offered great input. Also, being served some comp limon cello at the end of a meal is always a nice touch! Great flavor and super strong. 

They also had live music while we were there. The guy had some serious talent and really set the mood. Really looking forward to heading back in for a special occasion or date night.笑
Such a great date night restaurant, I highly recommend this place! They don't rush you through your meal, the service is wonderful and the food is spectacular. 

Once you order your meal, this spongy focaccia like bread and breadsticks arrive with this delicious and delicate pesto sauce, you just want to lick the whole bowl, but I don't recommend that, people might look at you funny, and you need to save room for dinner. If you order the pasta for dinner, it's all hand-made and you can defintely taste the difference in their pasta. It's so light and delicate, but full of favor. Their fish is flavorful and fresh, and the meats are all fall-apart tender, you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Never made it to dessert here, but they definitely look delicious.笑
From someone who hates to eat Italian food out as much as I do, A-OK is probably as good as its going to get. Many people had raved about Fiamma but if it hadn't been the choice of someone else for their celebratory dinner, I don't think I would have ever stepped foot inside. It was surprisingly empty for a Friday evening (they said they had had a lot of cancellations) and we were seated all the way in the back.

Our server ran through the mass amount of specials, we ordered a bottle of Prosecco, and then we waited... and waited a little bit more. I'd say our server came back about one minute short of when you start craning your head around corners looking for someone, and began pouring the wine. Most of the table ordered a special, one ordered her favorite, and another ordered from a surprisingly extensive list prompted by a "What are you best vegetarian options?" (she went with a very good vegetable risotto). The dishes were a little staggered coming from the kitchen, but overall probably only about 5 minutes in between the first and the last plate arrived. 

The veal chops were tasty (though I didn't get the whole protein on one plate and paired starch on another - are the flavors not supposed to touch? do they not go well enough together?) and my osso bucco was nice, but for the price tag I kind of expected more than one shank (or at least a heartier one). The Chilean sea bass was gone from its plate in minutes, and even the regulars at the table piped in that they usually can get a meal and a half out of their dishes - and definitely cleared theirs. Maybe they were just starving, maybe the portions were a little bit smaller than normal, I honestly have nothing to compare it to, but if I know I'm going to drop $45 on just myself (including wine) on a good meal in the future, I'll probably take myself elsewhere. 

Complimentary limoncello was a nice touch to end the evening, and everything tasted good enough, there was just nothing to make me want to go back on my own (though I know if someone else chose to eat here, I could enjoy my meal).笑
I apologize for the old school expression, but this restaurant is the Bomb! I thought  the tuna tartare was nice and then the sole in lemon hitter came up and I thought it was GOOD and when the Chocolate Tartino arrive I was sure I'd died and went to Heaven. Paired with a nice glass of grappa, what else is there to say? This is THE Italian restaurant in Charlotte for me. I'd give it six stars if I could.笑
My husband and I met some friends here for dinner last night for the first time.  We were not disappointed.  I really liked the bread and pesto they brought out.  I had pasta with mushrooms and truffle oil...it was great!  Our server was very nice and very knowledgeable, but maybe a little slow to greet us or follow up.  It was not terrible at all...she could've just been swamped.  We will definitely pay this place a visit again!笑
I am Italian and when I moved here was on a search for good pizza, bagels, rolls, and of course Italian food!! Fiamma has filled that void for me. The gnocchi is hands down the best I've ever had. I've been for both lunch & dinner and I have to say the only bad thing is the service they just cant seem to get it right.笑
A pleasant enough place. Food is tasty and well presented.  Good wine selection. Solid and safe place to eat笑
So we went for Mothers Day lunch...reservations just in case, although there were plenty of table available at 1pm. The service was fantastic...based on the food alone 2 stars. The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable explained all of he specials perfectly. I was expecting some sort of lunch menu or a Mother's Day menu...but it seems they were just offering the dinner menu for lunch. Having read tons of great reviews I was expecting this to be very good, but sadly we were all disappointed. I order the Oso Buco special ($36 for a lunch serving) the wife order the half and half ravioli of the day and the kids had the gnocchi ...ALL huge let downs. The oso Buco was tender but with very little taste, and the sauce was just ehh...for $36 lunch plate I was expecting to be wowed. Both my wife and the kids were way more impressed by the fresh focaccia and pesto they bring prior to the meal than their entrees..Gnocchi definitely were not fresh made, and the ravioli were tender but had barely a drizzle of sauce which again was very bland not well seasoned..Spent right at $100 for lunch for 4 (2 kids) and we walked out with a bad taste in our mouths. So sad I really wanted to love this place because we are huge fans of fresh pasta.笑
We went for Friday dinner and had vegetarian dishes along with White wine. Wine was great but food was okish. Service was good. Ambience is average as well.笑
We visited for restaurant week this weekend. The appetizers were really good. The entrees were Awesome! There were 5 in our party, we all had 5 different plates that were cleaned! PS roasted chicken=yum. Desserts were light and a perfect finish for the meal.笑
This is one of the best Italian restaurants in Charlotte.  The service is second to none. I swear our waiter knew everything on the menu inside and out!! 
The food was excellent. We had the veal chop, moglie with shrimp in a cognac  cream sauce, and the rigatoni with eggplant. 
All were to die for!笑
Service was a bit on the slow side, but I guess that's what you expect when you go to a cozy place like this. Fantastic food and a great dining experience otherwise.笑
Exceptional Italian food, tremendous service, worthy of the 27 score on Zagat, in NYC it would be a 26 at lowest. Welcoming to the children although ideal for an anniversary or celebration. One could eat here twice a month if one lived in the neighborhood. Why doesn't my town have Italian food like this?  Sorbetto at intermission, even. Three appetizer specials and 4 special entrees, but the menu standards ere also inventive. Not pretentious at all. Really a very surprising find in Charlotte and somewhere one would love to call a local regular place for family dinners.笑
There are a couple of excellent Italian restaurants in Charlotte (Dolce is another one), but Fiamma is quickly rising to the top for me.  They have a Papardelle Bolognese that is just fantastic--with a hint of cream--that's hard for me to resist every time I go.  I've loved their homemade spinach ravioli (that was the ravioli of the day), as well as their bread and pesto that start the meal.  My dad had their Chicken Milanese and thought it was divine.

To finish, I've tried their Panna Cotta--God, that's good!  So light, creamy and luscious. One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte, bar none.笑
Don't let the strip mall location and exterior of Fiamma keep you away; this is a solid choice for good Italian food in Charlotte. Located just off of Park Road, there is plenty of parking as multiple stores share the lot. 

Arriving slightly early for our reservation, we snagged a spot by the bar for a beverage before eating. The layout of the restaurant is a bit awkward with the smallish bar right in the center, but there were a ton of tables packed into the space. Bathrooms only had one stall each and weren't the cleanest; could use a good scrub and cosmetic updates. 

Once seated, the service was good and the flow of the meal worked for our group of six. A rundown of the food at our table: 

-Calamari was a solid appetizer choice, and it even had a few shrimp and zucchini pieces in it, which were also very good. 
-Bread & Pesto Oil was top notch. Bread was very fresh and the oil was absolutely delicious. 
-Caprese salad was a bit below par; tomato wasn't ripe and the balsamic wasn't the best. 
-The Cio Bella pasta dish that I ordered was very good. Others at the table had the sea bass special (which I tried and was delicious), the osso bucco (I was told it was good), the steak (told it was okay) and the veal special (two people ordered - one didn't like at all and the other wasn't cooked through). 

Ultimately, I think sticking to ordering a pasta dish was a good choice! Due to our long wait, we were offered three free desserts to split (all delicious), which was plenty considering the large portion sizes of our meals. Wine ordered at the bar and the table was very good, and not ridiculously priced per bottle.笑
We decided to try this place out during restaurant week in Charlotte, NC.  It was very hit/miss. For starters, we had no trouble getting a reservation, which was surprising for one of the busiest times for a restaurant in Charlotte.  The seating was split between a ground level area and a more private area that is elevated and near the window. The elevated area is for groups of 2 and no more, with the exception of the 4 seater directly in front of the window at the main entrance.  The waiter was extremely knowledgable about each item on the menu and made recommendations that were spot on!!  I had the pan seared scallops that had a balsamic reduction and served over a purée of cauliflower. These were simply amazing and worth ordering again should I come here in the future.  The glass of red wine was not really my taste.  No harm, no foul.  Next came the flat iron steak with baby arugula topping the slices of steak.  The arugula with copped tomatoes and dressing was OUTSTANDING!!  However, the steak was very fatty and chewy.  Lastly, I had the cheesecake.  It was probably the driest cheesecake I have ever eaten.  If it wasn't for the fresh berries that came with it I would have more than likely choked.  We also enjoyed a complimentary glass of homemade lemoncello that was noting more than simple syrup and lemon flavoring.  I would go back, but there are things I would never order again.  The waiter was one of the best I have had in all of my Charlotte dining experiences!!笑
My boyfriend and I went to Fiamma for our anniversary. We both had never been to the restaurant. It exceeded our expectations by far! The food and staff were absoluetly amazing. We even got to enjoy a complimentary dessert.笑
Overbooked and Overcooked. Saturday night Fiamma was way too crowded and loud. The kitchen was overwhelmed and overcooked my wife's veal and my grilled fish. Our friends were disappointed by their mediocre dishes also. One star all the way.笑
I went for restaurant week and walking up to the restaurant I wasn't sure what to think. It was in an unassuming plaza and the table tops had paper over them (I'm not a fan of that, but maybe it's just me).The food on the other hand was quite fantastic. Think of it kind of as that quiet kid in the classroom who blows you away with their intelligence. Our appetizers were great. We got an eggplant dish and a caprese dish and the bread and pesto oil were great too! For dinner I had the homemade mushroom ravioli which was perfect. The taste was great even if the pasta was kind of falling apart, but that can be expected with homemade pastas. My friend had the lamb and said it was the best lamb she ever tasted. Then for dessert I can't say enough about their cheesecake. Give it a shot!

Summary: go for the food.笑
Absolutely fantastic meal. Place looks like nothing from the outside (in a strip mall). Ambience inside is nice and classic. Extremely good service. Grilled shrimp and zucchini with mixed greens app was out of this world good. Pappardelle bolognese and pasta with light spicy crab meat sauce were fresh, hearty, and high quality. We didn't want the meal to end. I will definitely be back.笑
In my opinion, Fiamma is the best authentic Italian cuisine in Charlotte.  

I started out with the Fritto Misto
Deep fried calamari, shrimp and seasoned vegetables served with a light spicy tomato sauce.  It was a great appetizer. Also the bread with pesto dipping sauce is a great start.

For my entree i had the Vitello Porcini
Veal scaloppini sautéed in porcini mushroom sauce & served with home-made gnocchi al pomodoro. The veal was perfectly seasoned with a mushroom sauce with a good mix of flavors.  The gnocchi was perfectly prepared, with a light touch of tomato sauce.

For desert, i had the Ricotta cheese cake with Raspberry sauce and vanilla ice cream....it speaks for itself!笑
Amazing food and service! I loved everything about this restaurant. I tried the stuffed veal special with gnocchi, the burrata cheese and the calamari appetizers, the tropici salad and the chocolate tart dessert, and they were all great! I highly recommend and will definitely be back!笑
Probably THE best non-chain Italian restaurant in the QC. area. First time we tried this spot was during Restaurant Week so we had the pleasure to chow down on their pre-fixe. Everything came out delicious. Perfect fresh pasta density and flavors infused = HEAVEN. We've been back several times after that and you can not go wrong on anything you order. My favorite is usually a special, Pappardelle with in truffled mushroom sauce. A very simple dish packed with so much punch. Melts in your mouth and makes your tummy feel very happy. They provide fresh baked herbed bread with pesto as an appetizer and lemon sorbet to clean your palette right before the main course. Their staff is very knowledgable and friendly. It gets busy so making a reservation is recommended.笑
The service here is well above par: attentive, professional and knowledgeable. Menu is extensive, well prepared and of outstanding quality. BUT the layout of the restaurant contributes to a noise level that is so overpowering that it takes completely away from what should be an outstanding experience.
We have visited twice and each time the service is completely above reproach: great wine suggestions from the Manager -- perfect service by waiter, water server etc. Pasta was as good as we have experienced anywhere.
The first time we were seated nearer the front and the noise level was "tolerable" -- the second near the rear and among the four of us we could not hear one another across the table without literally shouting. The waiter could not hear our responses to our order... VERY poor particularly if you are seeking a romantic couple's evening.
Suggestion: there is a table in the front up a short flight of stairs. Reserve this one for a much better experience. To the owners... start looking for a better venue and you will raise your fine profile even further.
There is a small bar for waiting patrons which has about 4 seats.. no real bar scene at all. Just great food笑
This place blew my mind.  Everything was so fresh and authentic, I'm still dreaming about their handmade pastas and I don't even like pasta.   Cute and cozy with a great ambiance.  The table bread and pesto was incredible.  They even bring sorbet to cleanse your palate.  Will definitely be back.笑
I was a bit hesitant to write a review on Fiamma....mostly because my first (and only as of now) experience was during Charlotte Restaurant Week (CRW). But, alas, I believe CRW is a huge opportunity for restaurants to shine. And in a sink or swim kind of world, Fiamma floated. 

First off, hubs and I had a bit of an ordeal with our reservation. As soon as the dates of CRW were announced, I called Fiamma one early January afternoon and made a reservation. Moments later I realized the guy on the phone never took down the time. Hubs called back a few days later and confirmed the date and time - which were never written down in the first place. 

Because of the inconsistencies we called a few hours before our reservation to confirm the exact time (as we never received a confirmation phone call, etc) and we're pretty much told - yeah, come on in around 7 or 7:30. Um, ok. 

Nevertheless, we walked into a very busy restaurant and sat immediately at a table next to the door. Chilly in January, I say! It's important to note that the CRW menu had a plethora of choices for each course...lovin' the variety. Here's a breakdown of the meal and service:

Bread basket & oil: 5/5: I have to mention the bread & olive oil mixture because they were slammin'. Freshly baked in house and different varieties.

Delizia Contadina: 3/5: Mixed greens with pears, spicy walnuts and Tuscan pecorino cheese sticks. This lightly dressed salad was nice and refreshing but the dressing was a little tart for my taste. Regardless, it was a nice size and a decent start.

Ravioli of the Day: 2/5: The CRW feature was fresh lobster and shrimp ravioli in spicy tomato sauce. I took major issue with this dish. It was so, so bland - I didn't taste any spice whatsoever. And the filling within the ravioli was pretty inconsistent - it varied from a delicious lobster mix to a fishy shrimp mix. I appreciate they make the pasta in house, but this dish let me down.

Tortino Al Ciccolato: 4/5: You can always get me with chocolate. While I expected more of a baked torte, this little nugget came out as a mini lava cake. The flavors were nice and rich. I would have liked a bit more ice cream, though! 

Service: 3/5: It started off really well - our server was attentive, helpful and efficient. But as soon as we had our salad course, it really fell off. Now, I'm sure he was super busy considering CRW and the full restaurant we were dining in. However, we waited at least 35-40 minutes between our salad course and our main dish...and we only saw our server once in that time increment. You may think I'm being nitpicky, but when you shell out a bunch of cash (yes, well over the $30 per person), you hope for nice service. 

Fiamma was a fine meal, but not the great meal I was hoping for. I will absolutely give them another try when they aren't overworked during CRW. Hoping my next visit will leave me more enchanted than the last.笑
Ok so when we walked in place is packed. Excellent service people are bending over backwards to get us seated and to keep us up-to-date as to when we will be seated. We got a nice booth spot the restaurant is cozy but it almost feels like they are trying to hard with all the hotel art on the walls. Ok the fresh bread basket with pest is the best starter I've had in a long time, we are on our second basket now. Nice group of people and everyone is more dressed up than casual. Couple next to us are on a date. They are young professionals and sitting next to each other in the booth ;-)

Also a couple tables with kids so seems like a family friendly place. 

Ok just got the menu this is not a 2 $$ dollar sign restaurant like indicated on yelp. They want $30 for the osobucco and the stuffed veal chop. Seems high for veal also seems high for Charlotte restaurants.
I am going to reserve judgement for when we taste the food.笑
The food was excellent, on par with a fine dining restaurant, but not the fine dining atmosphere. We ordered off the restaurant week menu and everything was excellent. The start of our meal with the breadsticks and olive oil, garlic and herb dip. It set the tone for more good things to come.
For apps, we had the beef carpaccio, salmon carpaccio, and the frito mixto (fried zuchini, shrimp, and calamare) - very generous serving. 
For the main course, we had osso bucco, a baked chicken dish, rigatoni bolognese, and braised lamb shanks - all tender and cooked perfectly.
For dessert, the panna cotta, tiramisu, and creme brulee were perfect endings. 
The service was adequately paced and server was very attentive. Would definitely recommend.笑
I was back in Charlotte and my family was in need of a new place to explore. This responsibility usually falls onto my shoulders as I was usually the one to suggest new places. Since I moved away they were bored with the same options. So, I've had Fiamma on my bookmark list for a while and since we were in the mood of trying something different this is how we wound up here. Italian doesn't sound bad to me. Let's get to it. 

Walking in, I noticed that Fiamma went for a very intimate sort of setting. When I say very, I mean very. I felt if you're going with a larger party, this wouldn't be quite the place to go especially inside. The tables were small and when we got our dishes, the big plates just seemed really silly. Our family of four, the table could barely fit, we were constantly trying to rearrange things on the table to make more space. 

Let's get into the food! 
For our appetizer we ordered Scallops with cauliflower puree and mushrooms. The appetizer was tasty. The scallops were properly cooked and wasn't rubbery. It sort of just melted in your mouth. Mixed that with the mushrooms on the plate it was good!

For our entrees:
1. I ordered the veal shank in a tomato, celery base soup, cooked for 5 hours with the bone in which meant that there was bone marrow. This was a special for that night. 
2. Stuffed veal with prosciutto and mushroom with a side of gnocchi, another special.
3. Stuffed Chilean sea bass with crab meat and scallops, another special.
4. Black linguine with tomatoes and shrimp

Now, for me... if it was the best dish to the worst dish, the Black linguine would be on the bottom, with the stuffed veal at the top along with the Chilean sea bass as second. I'm not saying that the first 3 dishes were not good, they were all tasty. But for my taste, the stuffed veal definitely took the medal for me. The last dish lacked taste. The problem with my dish was that it just tasted like a form of a Chinese tomato soup that my mother cooked, and that was all I could think of when I was eating it. That's just me though. However, the stuffed veal? Yes. It literally just melted in your mouth with flavor. 

For dessert we ordered the tiramisu. This is my go to dessert and am I glad that I ordered it. It was tasty! Definitely worth buying just one and sharing it among ourselves. 

Fiamma offers a different look on Italian food and I definitely enjoyed it. I just wished that the seating arrangement was a little better, with a little bigger table. If you're going to insist on such big plates, I think the tables need an upgrade. I, along with the family, enjoyed our meal and this place will probably be a go to spot if we're in the mood for Italian. I'm sure we'll be visiting this place again in the future. The service was great and the food was tasty! Thanks for the experience Fiamma!笑
My wife and I decided to check this place out, and we loved it. We had seafood dishes, five stars all the way
Definitely recommend this place if you're new in town and looking for a nice Italian restaurant笑
Updated 3/2012. I agree both the risotto and pastas are first rate. Try not not to fill up on the bread-sticks, they are very authentic and delicious. The pesto that comes with the bread basket is one of the best in Charlotte.  
I just started eating here again after a break of a few years (to many good places to try)  and ordered a pizza with a grilled mushroom salad they were both excellent. This is also one of the best buys in Charlotte for an Italian lunch.
While I never think of Italian restaurants when I want a salad their's are first rate if you are in the mood for a lighter lunch. Their salads are more continental in style do no go there expecting an American style salad.
I am not sure why other folks had such poor service, mine has always been good, as for price lunch is cheap and dinner seems fairly priced but I am more taste and quality sensitive than price sensitive.  Give it a try for lunch and I think it will become one of your go to places for Italian food.笑
YUM ... Finally great Italian food in Charlotte, NC. Delish!

This is my third time here and I must say, this last time we dined there, I was the "big winner" at the table. You know what I mean, when everyone at the table has their food in front of them but them, but there is that "one person" at the table with the meal everyone is envious of. 

Well that was me this last time we dined at Fiamma. 

This place is a little hidden gem that our friends introduced us to about a year ago before we moved here. At the time, we were living in Los Angeles and when we got back to LA I remember saying to my husband, "that authentic Italian place in Charlotte was great ... if we ever go back there we have to eat at Fiamma again." Then, a few months back we moved here and have been to Fiamma twice since. 

This place is not inexpensive to say the least, so if you looking for a great meal on the cheap this isn't your place. I don't want to steer anyone on a budget in the wrong direction. But if you have some cash to spend and love true "rich" Italian food ... this place is worth going to "over and over again". It's small and quaint inside. The servers talk in broken English and are hard to understand. The specials go on and on, and the bold beautiful aromas from the kitchen get you as soon as you walk through the front door. 

I got the same dish the first two times I was there. The Gnocchi alla Mondeghili. This is home made potato dumplings with fresh italian sausage and green peas in fresh tomato sauce. YUM! The gnocchi's melt in your mouth and the sauce is rich and fresh with tomato flavor. It will knock your socks off. It's really that good. 

Now, nothing comes with this meal or any of them, so we started out with the delizia del contadino. This was a mixed green salad w/ walnuts, pears and tuscan pecorino cheese sticks tossed in light balsamic dressing. The pears were delicious and the cheese sticks were a happy discovery. 

With the meal, I asked for them to make me a side of sauteed spinach. I love having a fresh vegetable with all my meals. And this spinach was perfectly cooked. 

Now this last time we were here, I decided to order something different. I knew this was risky since the gnocchi's were so good the last two times. But, I hate being a creature of habit, so trying something new was a must this visit. 

We started out with the grilled Shitaki Mushrooms marinated w/ fresh garlic and herbs served w/ arugula and goat cheese and aged balsamic. YUM!!!! The aged balsamic really brought this dish home. And it paired with my wine perfectly, so I was starting off on a great Italian adventure. 

Now before the entree arrives this wonderful place serves each guest an intermezzo. This is sorbet to "cleanse the palate" before the main course. AND LET ME TELL YOU, it works every time. 

Now for my entree, I was craving lamb but also wanted pasta desperately. So the waiter helped me come to a compromise.  I ordered the "Scottadito" and altered it just a bit. This dish traditionally comes with roasted Australian lamb, soft polenta and a barolo wine sauce, as well as a vegetable. I kept the vegetable and lamp and substituted the polenta for a side of their homemade tagliolini pasta (this looks sort of like fettucini). I got a fresh crushed tomato sauce over it. It was heaven. The sauce was so fresh. The tomatoes and basil used to create tasted as if they were picked that day. It was AMAZING.

As for wine, the waiter was a total "wine snob". He kind of frowned at us since we only ordered glasses rather than a bottle. But so what, I'm a tiny girl I can't drink a lot, so we all moved on. A glass of red compliments anything here so add that to the list of things to order ... unless you're not drinking wine for one reason or another. 

As for dessert, I've had the "tortino al cioccoloto" which is an individual warm chocolate tart with vanilla ice cream and berry sauce. This is yummy.

The next time I was there I had the "crema tostata" which is a cold italian creme brulee with fresh berries. This was also YUMMY! 

And the last time I was there, I had the "tiramusu" which is espresso soaked lady fingers, layed in mascarpone cream and cocoa. This was yet again a home run! Between the three desserts I would rate them as I wrote them. Number one being the chocolate dessert and number three being the tiramusu. But they were all amazing. 

This place is great, beyond great ... IT'S FANTASTIC ... make a reservation, get dolled up, and prepare for one exciting night of dancing taste buds.

Enjoy!笑
We were the first ones on a Saturday evening at 5:45 (1,000 points on Open Table!), and we got great service from Luigi - he even talked us down from a more expensive bottle of wine and suggested one that was exactly what the fella and I explained to him we wanted based on our taste.

He brought us some bread and breadsticks along with perhaps the most delicious pesto I've ever had. Then we started with the beef carpaccio appetizer ($8.99); the beef was solid, and the parmesan cheese slices were to die for. 

For dinner, I got the pork chop ($18.99). He didn't ask how I wanted it cooked, which generally means it's going to be overcooked... and it was. The baked apple it came with was divine though, and the asparagus was so fresh. There was another side not listed on the menu that I first thought was mashed potatoes, but upon eating realized it was maybe polenta, which isn't my favorite.

The fella got the veal medallions ($19.50). He also loved the asparagus and mashed potatoes (they really were mashed potatoes), but the veal medallions were a little iffy - too flat or something... they came in a delicious cream sauce though.

Hindsight is 20/20, but we probably should've just gotten pasta or something a little more traditionally Italian. However, the atmosphere and service were great, and we'll definitely go back.笑
Wonderful dinner.  Great selections. Loved the atmosphere would have preferred our meals arrived quicker.  Will return in a week.笑
I really wanted to love this place, I've heard about this place from a few different people so for a birthday celebration there is no better excuse to eat your weight in pasta. 
We arrived and were quickly greeted and sat upstairs at a private and cozy table by the window. Our servers brought sparkling water and delicious pesto for our bread. It put my pesto to shame.  Our waiters were friendly and our food arrived quickly, but I think they may have forgotten to check in on us back there. We both ordered seafood pastas and for the quality and price I was left a little disappointed. You could tell the pasta was homemade, but a lot of the seafood in the pasta was very tough, exactly what you don't want with seafood pasta. We grabbed some desserts to go, Tiramisu and Cheesecake, they were both a 3/5  at best. For spending 20+ on pasta dishes. Fiamma was a fine meal, but not the great meal I was hoping for. Next time I'm craving some Italian, I think I will try another place.笑
If I had to rank Fiamma's on a scale of 1 to 5, I'd give it a 3. Better than bad, not all that good. Queen City Feast is a great time to try a new restaurant because you get a range of courses for a good price. For the appetizer, I had the Pan Seared Sea Scallops with wild mushrooms and a cauliflower puree, Yum! The scallops were buttery and fresh. I had to leave early, so I had to take my entree and dessert to go. I ate them the same night so I judged a fresh meal. I had the Grilled Scotaditto which was lamb chops, polenta and asparagus. It was good. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly. My dessert was the Torta di Formaggi which was ricotta cheesecake - it was dry. It was supposed to come with vanilla gelato, but maybe they don't give you that to go. I'd give it another try.笑
Awesome and authentic describes this place to a T!  It is my favorite Italian spot that isn't uppity.  Always try the features but if you aren't feeling those, they can even make you something not on the menu to satisfy that craving. They used to have this dish on the menu but took it off and Everytime I go they make it for me!  Tagliatelle d'alba. Basically it's a pasta with truffles and mushrooms and a poached egg on top!  Not to be missed!  Try the beef carpaccio as well!  Bellissimo!笑
I really like Fiamma and go there fairly often with my wife for lunch but this visit was a disaster.  First, this place is a beautiful white table cloth restaurant but does not feel super formal.  We were promptly seated and the waitress was quickly at our table.  The food selection is extensive and the menu offers a more complex selection of dishes than your usual Italian restaurant.  We came this night with our two young children who are both under 10.  However, this restaurant is not for children.  There are no children menu options presented and nada special done for kids (forget the menus, crayons here). So we asked if we can get pasta with noodles and that was available. We also asked for Pizza but we were told they typically don't do that but because we came in early (6pm) and they were not busy yet, they can accommodate.  So we ordered pepperoni pizza for one of the kids.  We also ordered drinks, a beer and wine for my wife.  The waitress, who was really nice btw, came back a few mins later saying there is no pepperoni (strange for an Italian restaurant to have no pepperoni but I get it, this is not a pizza place after all). So we opted for just cheese.  On her next trip back, she brought our drinks which included 2 lemonades for the kids - yes, about the only kid thing they had. 

Unfortunately while setting drinks on the table she dropped the beer bottle on top of me. Beer all over the table, floor, and partly on my wool coat.  No biggie, it was an accident.  She hastily started cleaning 'some' of it and another waiter came back and gave me a couple of napkins to clean up my coat. I did not make a big deal about it because it really was just an accident. However, the cleanup was poorly done and I sat next to a puddle of beer on the floor throughout the night (she did come back about 15 mins later with a small hand towel to wipe the floor but that was a job for the mop which never came out).  

Next comes my caprese salad (tomatoes and mozzarella). This was delicious and well presented.  The kids meals came out shortly after. That was problem #2.  My daughter's pizza was BURNED on about 30% of the side, and completely RAW underneath.  I wish I would have taken a picture because this thing looked like it was baked, well, by my daughter, using a blow torch.  My guess is that what had happened was that they did not expect anyone to order a pizza so they probably fired up the oven on the spot and did not wait for it to be preheated and just put the pizza while it was heating up but that is a theory.  We called the waitress and she profusely apologized and told us it will be taken off the bill (more on this little detail later).  

We asked for just spaghetti and butter - plain, nothing else.  That came out later, but wait, it was not spaghetti but a severely overcooked flat noodle (more like a long egg noodle).  The pasta was so overcooked that it almost turned into a mashed potato like GOO as soon as my daughter tried to stir the butter into it.  By that time she had nibbled on some bread so we made no big deal about it.  
Finally our main entrees arrived. We had both ordered specials:  Lamb Osso bucco and Sea Bass.  Both were very well prepared and delicious and came promptly to the table.  When we were done we were offered dessert.  We ordered a tiramisu and asked if the coffee was fresh.  The waitress said the coffee was made just 2 hours ago - Wow, that is fresh.  Why would they make coffee at 5pm for a restaurant that was essentially empty at 6pm when we got there?  She did say it was in a sealed container so we went for it. It was not a 'bad' cup of coffee but I almost wished she would have lied and said it was just made.  
Dessert came quickly and we were surprised with a second dessert on the house to make up for the mistakes we were told. This was a nice gesture (another one to come at the very end) and both desserts were delicious. The Tiramisu was excellent, fresh and spongy but not soggy. Very well done.  

In the end we were presented with our bill which was for $140.  The specials were about $30 and $35 each and add 2 drinks, dessert, coffee, and bad kids meals and it added up. Gave my card and paid and it was on the way out that I noticed that darned burned-undercooked pizza was not taken off the menu and not only that, it was almost $11 bucks.  Yikes.  At that time we were just exhausted and wanted to flee as fast as we could. Before we got up our tables, another waiter came back and gave us two house-made limonccelos on the house, again for our trouble.   

So in the end they did gain points for trying to recover.  We did get 2 freebies as a gesture to try to make up for the experience, our main dishes were very good, and the waitress was very friendly and apologize no less than 3 times for the mistakes done.  I will give Fiamma another visit but oh man, I really hope we don't get the same bad karma from last night.笑
Fiamma, I wanted to love you so much, and maybe the circumstances weren't right, but we just didn't click. 

I made a reservation for 8pm on Valentine's Day for my man and me. We arrived at 7:50 and there was a PACK of people waiting at the hostess stand. Many parties were finishing dinner and leaving so there were a good number of two tops available. Five minutes passed, ten minutes passed...no one, not a server, not a hostess, not a manager came up and talked the the mass of people at the front of the restaurant. There were at least 20 of us standing waiting to be seated. I understand that it's a busy night, but at least come up and say "I'll be right with you" or something along those lines. We were FINALLY seated at 8:20. No apologies, no comping anything. Needless to say, this was not a good start. Then they handed us special Valentine's Day menus - no where on the website or when I made the reservation did they mention there would be a special menu with jacked up prices. Not cool! 

Yes, the food was delicious (my boyfriend had the veal osso bucco and I had the pappardelle with porcinis). Yes, we'll come back (NOT on any type of holiday), but the experience last night was awful.笑
i was reading the previous reviews and i can't understand how some people rated Fiamma so low.  

At the recommendation of one of my dinner group's members, we scheduled a dinner here.  I had previously heard great things about Fiamma and I came away wanting to rave about it.

First off, the wines are all Italian.  I'm not a wine drinker but I picked out one with hints of cherry and coffee.  It was wonderful.

Someone then ordered a cheese pizza to share which was incredible.  It was a stuffed pizza with sea salt on top. Delish!!!!

And then the meals.  They had a sea bass special that 3 of us ordered.  It can topped with shrimp. artichokes, capers in a light sauce. Also was served with garlic flavoried spinnach, lightly roasted asparagus and potatoes.  I think i died and went to heaven.  This was absolutely the best Italian dish I ever tasted.  

Also the fresh bread was soft and melted in your mouth.  I didn't try the pesto dipping sauce because the bread didn't last that long.  

For dessert, I had the ricotta cheesecake and it also was wonderful.

If i had to fault Fiamma on anything it would probably be the table and chair size.  The chair was uncomfortable for a tall person and the tables were quite small but I guess they are going for a more intimate setting.

Also, there was a musician playing a wide variety of music during our dinner which added a nice touch.

Fiamma is within walking distance to where I live and after eating here, I should definitely walk home.  You definitely get your fill of food and it's worth every penny!!!笑
I went to Fiamma on a double date last night - and overall it was a really great time!  We were greeted immediately upon entering and the decor of the place was really quite charming.  The waitress was very on top of the specials and recommended a very good white wine for the table.  We ordered 3 appetizers and all were piled high with food and tasted amazingly good.  For the main course, I ordered a pounded chicken over potatoes and caramelized onions.  The potatoes and onions were great, but I wasn't too excited about the chicken - it was good, but it definitely wasn't mind blowing or anything like much of the rest of the meal.  Everyone at the tabled seemed to really enjoy the overall experience as well as all of the different foods that we were able to try.  This would be a great place to take someone on a date - moderately priced, quiet, low level lighting, easy to find - overall a solid 4 star experience for me.笑
Pleasantly surprised. We came here very close to closing (10ish) and it was mostly empty. To my surprise, the bartender was happy to seat us and took excellent care of us. Bread and pesto dip is a great touch, and our appetizer of lobster stuffed portobello mushroom was excellent. Eggplant pasta dish following was above average, but could have had a bit more flavor.

Wine selection is great, and I am a big fan of the decor and the ambiance. Feels very European when compared with some of the other Italian restaurants in the area. 

Will be coming back.笑
I'm having a tough time reviewing Fiamma - I think it aspires to be more than it actually is, and despite my inherent desire to love this place, something just seems off.  

Atmosphere: Fiamma is located in a rather non-descript shopping center that is also home to Ru San's and Fran's Filling Station (along with Run for your Life and a wine store).  The interior layout is kind of awkward, with many tables in a small footprint and not much privacy between parties.  The back half of the restaurant is very crowded, with tables along one hallway wall and the bathroom door basically being a 5th chair at the back table.  If one were to squint, the bathrooms might seem "quaint" or "authentic trattoria," but in reality, I think they probably deserve a good scrub and new coat of paint.

Food: I wanted to like this place so badly that I went back the following night after a less-than-enthusiastic Restaurant Week meal.  Meal 1: I had the soft-shell crab appetizer and found it overly fishy and pokey (yes, pokey); the lamb shank was also disappointing, as I thought it was a bit fatty (although the side of gnocchi that came with it was downright delightful); that was followed up with the chocolate tart dessert that was more lava cake consistency than firm tart, but it was a pleasant surprise.  Meal 2: I ordered the beef carpaccio as my appetizer, and was shocked by the amount of parmesan cheese that accompanied the plate - two of the largest slices of parm I've ever seen were atop my arugula and beef.  For my entree, I ordered the black linquini with seafood and was in love with the tomato sauce kick and flavors.  Having already experienced the wonder of the chocolate tart, I knew I didn't want anything else and ordered it for the second time in 24 hours (although I had tried the tiramisu and ricotta cheesecake from others at the table and those were good as well).  So, night 1 was an unexpected letdown, but night 2 held up to my high expectations.  The breadsticks and foccacia that started the meal were like a carbohyrate dream, topped with homemade pesto olive oil.  And the one person who ordered wine received a (very) healthy-sized pour.

Service: If you consider Restaurant Week an opportunity to introduce your resturant to a new clientele, I would assume you would want to represent the experience in the most normal and typical way possible.  I was shocked when we asked to see a regular menu (we'd just been given Restaurant Week menus) and were told the special menu was the only one they were doing.  However, they did fulfill a special order (doing a full entree of gnocci instead of as a meat accompaniment) when our table's vegetarian balked at only 1 veggie entree out of 9 options.  Finally, I would have expected our extra wine glasses to be removed once we declined wine, but they remained crowded on our table for a good 5+ minutes until we pushed them together and out of the way to the edge of the table (minor in the scheme of things, but an annoyance).  

Price: Given that we were there during Restaurant Week, we were anchored to a $30 price point.  Especially on night 2, I was very pleased with the quality and value that I received, and a quick look at prices on their website seem incredibly reasonable for a typical meal.  

Most likely, I'd return to Fiamma, but I just can't shake the doubt in the back of my mind that it's not as great as it should be.笑
Just ate at Fiamma for the first time last night, and now I don't know how we haven't been there before! It was an awesome dinner. We were happy with everything we had--fresh bread (with homemade pesto oil), burrata mozzarella appetizer special that was very generously sized, beet salad with pecorino, scallops over mushroom risotto (HUGE portion--I have enough leftover for a whole second dinner and maybe even lunch too!), and the gnocchi with sausage and peas (again, leftovers for days); we didn't have room for dessert, but we got tiramisu to go and it was authentic. 

In addition to the food, we feel like there were a few other things that set Fiamma apart: it's so great that they have numerous specials; it makes the menu all the more interesting (3 appetizer specials and 4 dinner specials, which is apparently a normal number of specials for them).  I also like that their house wines are reasonably priced ($7/glass) and (at least the one I had) tasty.  Lastly, it was so nice to see a restaurant with so many regulars--this was obvious because several guests were hugging waiters, having graduation parties, etc..we hope to become regulars ourselves!

If you're looking for Italian in this area, check out Fiamma (we definitely prefer it over Dolce, for the record).笑
Great service and amazing, fresh pasta and fish specials...wondering why we don't eat here more often.笑
The closest thing to my family's homemade meatballs I've ever had. This place is legit- the real deal. The sauce is spot on and the homemade bread is delicious.  Highly recommend you try it - this Italian restaurant is the best in Charlotte.笑
I took my family to Fiamma over the weekend. It was recommended by foodie friend of mine.   Very friendly & polite staff from the time you walk in; (our waiter was very knowledgeable) and the service was excellent. I always wanted to try the Black Linguini (squid ink) pasta; which they had, and it was delicious. Awesome focaccia like bread and breadsticks arrive at your table with this delicious and delicate pesto sauce. Everything was cook to order, hot and fresh; and all of the pasta is made fresh in their kitchen. We will be going back, soon. It is a hidden gem that I highly recommend.笑
We are first timers to Charlotte and found Fiamma while looking on the web for places to eat.  Our party of three ordered different dishes and the food was amazing!.  We knew right from the bread with pesto and salads that the meal was going to be exceptional.  The sea bass special with spaghetti squash and wonderful asparagus and artichoke had so much flavor.  The halibut special with the saffron sauce, shrimp, scallops, asparagus and spinach was sooo good.  The fresh black linguine was topped with shrimp and tossed with a very tasty spicy sauce.  We were all full but we managed to share a creme brulee that was thick, creamy and had a nice sugary crust on top with fresh berries and it was the best!  The service all around was excellent!   We are looking forward to eating at Fiamma's again!笑
Went there for restaurant week pretty late.  They were super busy so there was a long wait but so worth it.  Best meal I have had in the city thus far.  Service was great too despite how busy they were.  Highly recommend.  Lamb chop was delish.笑
Decent food, nothing spectacular. Nice outdoor seating, pleasant staff. Went for lunch, spinach was over cooked. We would go again to try out dinner service.笑
I have been to this restaurant multiple times and all but one have been good experiences however the last time was an outlier and this was due to valentines weekend so take this with a grain of salt. The service was mediocre which was understandable due to the business but we weren't greeted at our table for 10-15 min. The bread they give you was stale. I ordered the bollonese parpadalle which was the most basic thing on the menu however it was mediocre and lacked flavor. My wife ordered the black fettuccini dish which she enjoyed and I've had in the past as well. And for an appetizer we had the misted fried vegetables and seafood. This was a bit overwhelming for someone who doesn't eat a ton of fried food. Although this experience was not my best this place typically is a good restaurant and I will most likely be back.笑
I'm surprised I haven't been here sooner. After reading the rave reviews over the past year, my husband and I finally choose to dine at Fiamma for a date night. 

It's tucked away in a shopping center area among a few other popular restaurants. Parking can get tight since this little area draws the hungry crowd. 

From the host, to the server, and the rest of the wait staff we felt truly special. I felt like the server took pride in serving. I really appreciated that. The server listed off quite a mouthful of specials...hard to keep track. Perhaps providing a nightly list with descriptions would be helpful because after the third special, I could't take it all in. Each item on the menu sounded delicious and everything is made in house. I love fresh!

The only thing that made me frown was that there were no side salad prices on the menu (or we completely missed it) and when we got the bill they were near $8 each...for a side salad! Granted, the salad was delicious and the service was fantastic (that's how we made sense of why it was so pricey). The rest of the food was excellent and seemed to measure up to what we expected to pay per entree. Added bonus is not feeling rushed. In fact, they bring out sorbet to cleanse your palate before you main entree. 

The ambiance is dim and intimate, which allows for easy conversation (which is great for a date or if you have company). Also, the dress code may not be absolutely dressy, but I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing really casual attire. We will definitely come back!笑
Amazing food coupled with outstanding service and a romantic ambiance! I highly recommend!笑
Whether you're celebrating a special occasion, or showing your visiting family a good time, or may be you're just craving Italian food - Fiamma is the place you want to go to!
The ambiance is wonderful; warm and welcoming. The servers are kind and friendly. And now on to what I love the most about this place - the food & wine! They have a great selection of Italian wines. I'll admit I'm partial to wines from Napa and Sonoma, and rarely love European wines - but I've had a few different Italian ones here, which pair so well with the food! The salads and antipastas are fresh and unique. In the main course, from the simple Penne Bizanzio to the more sophisticated Tagliolini alla Zafferano, from the melt-in-your-mouth salmon, to the off-the-menu special vegetarian creation by the Chef, almost everything I've ever tried here has been delectable. I am yet to try the pizzas, and while I don't need a specific reason to come back to Fiamma, this seems like a real good one to me! ;)笑
What a great place to eat if you like Italian food!  The bread and pesto is awesome, the wine was great, the strawberry sorbet was tasty and the entrees need no apology.  

To be located in a strip mall I wasnt expecting much but I thought the decor was very comfortable and intimate.  Did I mention that the food is fabulous?!?!  I really can't wait to go back! Dinner for two with wine, an app, and two entrees will run you about $70 with 20% tip!

Go check it out!笑
My boyfriend and I came here last Sunday for the Restaurant Week event. There were plenty of reservation times available at the last minute, and we were seated right away upon our arrival. 

The atmosphere is very nice. There are candles and dimmed lighting, so very romantic and warm. It's also a pretty small restaurant, adding to the European feel.

We ordered:
-Soft shell crab / Beef carpaccio: I wasn't a big fan of the soft shell crab. When the appetizer came out, all I could smell was crab/fish. Fresh seafood typically does not smell like seafood... I also thought the crab didn't have much flavor. The asparagus and the cream sauce on the bottom had excellent flavor though. The menu lists "San Marzano flavors" for that dish, so perhaps I am just not familiar with that flavor. My boyfriend's carpaccio though, was delicious. I loved the combination of the beef, arugula, and cheese. I wish they hadn't dropped the two slices of cheese on top though; I think it would've been better presentation to see the carpaccio.

-Tagleatelle & seafood / Corvina: My pasta was a little overcooked, and the shrimp didn't taste very fresh. The scallops were tasty though. Overall, I thought the dish didn't have very much interesting flavors. Not something I would remember and be interested in going back for. My bf's corvina was the same way. Sauteed spinach is hard to flavor sometimes, and I thought it kind of brought down the whole dish. The capers were a flavorful touch, but not enough. Again, not that exciting.

-Tiramisu / Crema tostata: Dessert was delicious. Although anything with enough sugar is good. I would come back just for these two and a cup of coffee.

Service was excellent, atmosphere is warm and romantic. But the food was just... barely mediocre. Sad.笑
Party of five for dinner tonight, first time for three of us. Suffice it to say that this was one of the best dining experiences we've had in Charlotte. Sea bass , rack of lamb, veal short ribs, risotto, desserts , all excellent. The wait staff was very professional. I can't recommend this place highly enough, and we will be back son.笑
One of the best hidden gems in Charlotte!  His place stole my heart and is now on my top list of favorite restaurants.  We tried it for Charlotte's Queens Feast and we couldn't have chosen a better spot.  From the wine, to the bread & fresh pesto, to the red snapper & tiramisu...it was nothing short of AMAZING!  The waiter just happened to mention it's a favorite for a lot of the Carolina Panther players, and I can definitely see why.笑
Fiamma is an excellent italian restaurant in Charlotte, probably the best! Homemade pasta made from scratch and tossed with the freshest ingredients. Homemade bread & pesto to start, sorbet as a pallete cleanser, and then a small complimentary glass of limoncello after every meal. Oh! And the service is always impeccable!  Perfection! This is my husband and I's favorite restaurant. We will keep returning for as long as we live here!笑
This is a neighborhood gem - nestled into a strip mall and unassuming from the outside, the inside is an informal italian cafe with some really tasty food.  The menu is extensive, but really unnecessary because there are so many great specials.  If it were my place, I would probably get rid of the regular menu and only offer the specials each night.  

The service is top notch - they take great pride in their work and know the food well.  We came with a group of 12 to celebrate a birthday and end of year team dinner and they did a great job in timing the meal so that we all ate together.  

Highlights were the special burrata and the pastas made in-house.笑
I want to start by saying I tried this place for the first time during Charlotte Restaurant Week so maybe that had something to do with it, although I've been to many other places during this time and didn't have the same experience.....

The best thing about this place was the bread and pesto. Really good. Wish I had the recipe.
To start with I had the seared scallop served over cauliflower puree and sautéed mushrooms. The scallop was overcooked and bland, the cauliflower was not seasoned at all and the mushrooms were a tasteless addition. 
Second, I had the homemade ravioli stuffed with fresh lobster and topped with arabiatta sauce and ricotta cheese. I am positive it was not stuffed with lobster and  tasted like it was possibly salmon. The dish was less than satisfactory and I ended up throwing half of it away.
For the final course I had the tiramisu. I love tiramisu and didn't think there would really be a way to mess up this dessert. I was wrong. It came out flattened and super wet. It seemed like it had been sitting a while and the ladyfingers were soaked in liquid. I only ate a few bites. 
To say I was disappointed in a place that states they are #1 in Charlotte's Italian restaurants is an understatement. I'm even more disappointed that it cost me $45!! I will not be coming back.笑
This is one of those local spots that you would never visit just from driving by.  Nestled in a boring strip mall Fiamma delivers way more than the exterior promises.

They make their own pasta and feature a daily ravioli and a daily risotto.  The risotto was gone by the time that we made it there unfortunately.  The ravioli however was plentiful.  The night that we were there it was a spinach ricotta ravioli with browned butter sage tomato sauce.  It was well worth the price of admission as well as a return ticket.

Food gets 5 stars, but the location leaves a bit to be desired, so we'll knock it down to 4.笑
I came here for Restaurant week and found it to be one of the best meals of my life.
I had the Lamb Shank and my date had the Branzino. Both were above our expectations. The lamb was literally falling right off the bone. We also started with a stuffed mushroom appetizer that was phenomenal. They gave us some sorbet in between courses, which I have heard is the norm for them, to cleanse the palette. We finished our meal with the mouse and Crème Brule. I am a huge chocolate fan but took a chance on the Brule. I was not disappointed. It was perfectly browned and delightful.
I was very impressed and will definitely be back for special occasions or when I feel like splurging on a fancier meal.笑
We had the opportunity to go to Fiamma's for an anniversary dinner. It came HIGHLY recommended from one of my great foodie friends...and fitness instructor.  And let me tell you....I never thought that there would be any restaurant to push my "then #1" out of that spot.  Well...I was wrong!  From the appetizers, and first, second course selections ...and dessert...it was simply amazing.  The waiter provided the perfect wine selection to pair with the meal...and wine was great throughout each course...including the i Dolci!  I cannot wait to get back for another visit!  I have referred others to Fiamma....and everyone gives it TOP ratings....gotta love great food...make that GREAT Italian food!!!笑
Was staying in Charlotte for the evening and based on Yelp reviews, traveled a short distance to Fiamma. OMG, this place is incredible.  Amazingly beautiful ambiance and restaurant layout... they had candles and everything, not too stuckup but classy and romantic if you needed that vibe... I had the BEST service from Yoshi, he was an incredible waiter, I'm dead serious.  Wonderful fusilli pasta dish, made fresh, got a delicious glass of wine from Yoshi's recommendation, just a spectacular meal, and very reasonably priced.  Sat in the indoor window booth, so we could see it get dark outside.  The Yelpers were right, this place is wonderful.  I would go back in a second!    Highly highly recommended.笑
I think I love Fiamma, I feel a bit let down from my latest dining experience, but am giving them the benefit of an off night.  I came here with 2 friends after getting shut down at Table 274, which was closed for a private party.  We were able to get in right away at 7 on a Fri, which is unusual but good for us since we were hungry.  We got our water and bread basket with tasty pesto sauce immediately.  Our server came by to get drink order and read us the novel that was the evening specials.  Halfway through my one friend got bored and was trying to make me laugh, he had a good point though, it just went on for waaay too long!!  If you have that many specials, you need to type em up and print out copies for the tables, it's just silly to have servers taking so much time to go over them, when ultimately you the diner will forget most of what was said.

We decided to go with one scallop special app that did stand out and the grilled shrimp and zucchini from the menu.  The scallops were great, but the shrimp dish, which I have loved in the past was blah and the shrimp were miniscule with giant slices of zucchini, and a pointless undressed salad in the middle.  I hate when places give you salad greens undressed, they then serve no purpose, its just stupid!!

I went with a tagliatelle dish that had a poached egg, brown butter truffle sauce and I did love it.  The guys both got the same spicy shrimp linguine dish I think.  One came out completely undersauced, like a bare white plate, while the other looked like it should.  Grabbed the host and got it fixed right away.  We went with creme brulee for dessert and this was another letdown.  It was totally premade and refridgerated and so the brulee was soft and didn't give that great crunch you get when its fresh.

At this point I am not sure if my one friend had scared our server off with his joking and sarcatic remarks, but he was gone a while after we had finished all food and wine.  I do find the prices to be reasonable here and 9 times out of 10 everything is great, so like I said at the beginning of my ridiculously long review, hoping it was just an off night for some dishes and I will definitely be back.笑
A friend and i tried Fiamma for the first time yesterday for lunch, and it was amazing.  When we first walked in, I have to say, the place smelled like seafood, which I'm not crazy about, but I decided to give it a try anyway, and I'm so glad that I did!  Our server was very helpful, and informed us that all of their pasta was made fresh (except the tube pasta like penne), and cooked to order.  When I asked for her opinion, she recommended the Chicken alla Parmigiana, which I ordered, since I had been eyeing it anyway.  My friend ordered the Taglioline Frutti Di Mare (seafood pasta).

A few minutes later, our server brought us fresh bread and an awesome pesto dipping oil.  It was SO good, I could have eaten the whole thing by myself.  When our food arrived, I was a little surprised that my Chicken Parm didn't have any pasta, but was served with grilled zucchini slices instead.  Turns out, that was my fault for not reading the menu, and just assuming it would come with pasta.  Not being a zucchini fan, I asked the server if I could get some pasta instead, and she immediately placed the order.  When my pasta arrived about 15 minutes later, it was in a tomato sauce, which has to be the best tomato sauce I have ever had.  The Chicken Parm itself was also delicious, and my friend informed me that his seafood dish was also amazing.  

So for approx $15 (including tip), I had the best Chicken Parm with fresh, homemade pasta, in a delicious made-to-order sauce, and I had enough leftover for dinner that night.  I will definitely go back, and I highly recommend you try it if you haven't already.  Just make sure you read the menu thoroughly!笑
Where do I start? Everything was fantastic! 
When we arrived we were immediately greeted by Luigi, the owner's son. Luigi was our waiter for the night and we could not have been more pleased. He was very nice, attentive as well as knowledgeable. He explained all of the specials in detail and gave us plenty of time to decide while he took care of our drinks and bread. He suggested we try the Burrata as we were a table of four and wanted something light to start with. It was amazing. The prosciutto, arugula and Burrata were all very tasty and fresh. Not to mention the bread and the pesto. Best pesto I've ever had. 

For our entrees, I ordered the Tagliolini allo Scoglio and my boyfriend ordered the Veal Parmesan with a side of spaghetti. Just before our entrees were served we were brought sorbet palate cleansers. It was a nice surprise as well as delicious. They paved the way for the deliciousness that followed. Both his dish and mine had very good portions and were exquisitely prepared. The Tagliolini had plenty of seafood and just enough sauce. 

We managed to save some space for dessert, which Luigi was so kind to offer us for our friend's birthday. All three desserts were fantastic and I'm not much for sweets. I've got to say that the Panna Cotta was my favorite though. 

When we finished with the desserts, Luigi brought us Limoncellos. I was personally not a fan but it was a very nice touch to s great meal. We will definitely be back.笑
I had to eat at Fiamma three times before I felt ready to Yelp it. The first time I went, I enjoyed a spectacular meal with my fiancee. The food was excellent, the service superb, and the ambiance just right for a romantic night out.

However, my second visit was a catastrophe. My mother and sisters were in town for a visit, so we made reservations at Fiamma hoping for another great experience. When we arrived, the staff had lost our reservation and we had to stand and wait for over an hour before being seated. When we were finally led to our table, we discovered that we had been placed in a "dead zone" - apparently, our table did not fall under the jurisdiction of any particular waiter, which meant that we had to signal several servers over the course of our meal as they kept forgetting about us. All told, we waited nearly two hours before our meal arrived...and we came hungry. I ordered the sea bass special, the same thing I had ordered the time before, but whereas the fish had previously been seared to perfection, this time it was chewy and under-cooked. I regret not having complained to the management during my second visit, as it was almost enough to convince me never to return again.

Still, Fiamma did manage to redeem itself during my third visit, which is good, because I would have boycotted the restaurant forever and skewered it on Yelp if I had had to relive that second outing. The food was once again delicious, and thankfully, our table was not shrouded in an invisibility cloak as it had been during the disaster. I was disinclined to go after the sea bass a third time (memories of chewy fish do not die easily), so instead, I ordered the grilled Shitake mushrooms for a starter and the Penne Bizanzio for the main course. The mushrooms, served with goat cheese, arugula, and drizzled with Balsamic Vinaigrette, were delectable, and the pasta was also quite good. The server brought out a small scoop of lemon sorbet as a palate cleanser between the appetizer and the entree, and offered a round of Limoncello after dinner. A nice European touch.

Fiamma is a quality restaurant and I would recommend it to anyone seeking an authentic Italian meal for a reasonable price. I give it 4 stars for being exceptional on two out of three occasions.笑
Restaurant Week Review:
I had the pleasure of dining at Fiamma last night for restaurant week. What a hidden gem! The hostess was kind enough to accommodate my friend and I by seating us earlier than our original reservations. The wait staff made great recommendations and was attentive throughout the meal. Every course (including the fresh bread with homemade pesto oil) surpassed my expectations in both taste and presentation!!! I had the pan-seared sea scallops for appetizer, the fish of the day (sea bass) for entree and then cannolis for dessert. I will certainly be returning and recruiting more of my friends and family. Thank you to the Fiamma chefs and staff for treating your restaurant week guests just as you would any other patron!笑
My wife and I had dinner here tonight during Charlotte restaurant week.  It was great from beginning to end.  Our waiter Matt was great and new the menu front and back.  He offered excellent service and advice on selections. We will be back.  They really put their best foot forward to attract new customers during this special week.笑
Last weekend, my husband and I tried Fiamma for the first time.  We just moved here from Chicago so we were a bit wary of finding a good Italian restaurant in Charlotte.  We loved it!   Our waiter was knowledge and attentive and kept bringing extras - sorbet to cleanse our palettes, dessert, and limoncello.   My only negative comment is that my seafood special, halibut with shrimp and lobster, was too rich with butter.  It was delicious but just got to be too much after a few bites.  When we got back, I will try a lighter dish.笑
I was hoping Fiamma would be amazing because of its location near Rusan's and their awesome reputation and food. unfortunately it was was not so good. 

I ordered fried calamari which apparently comes with half a plate of zucchini (for $12?!)
it was soggy, the calamari was tough and tasted frozen, and above all it was beer battered (something I have never seen in an Italian restaurant) 

I also ordered a salmon Cesar salad. the salmon was very tasty (but an exceptionally small piece) and the salad had no croutons (i wouldn't normally fuss but it said croutons on the menu) 

I tried calling Fiamma three times and all three times it went to voice mail, I don't understand how a restaurant just doesn't answer the phone during the afternoon, even pizza hut on new year's evening answers the phone eventually (even when there's a hundred pizza orders in the kitchen) 

I wont be visiting again, thanks for my terrible $20 lunch Fiamma笑
Wow.  What an awesome experience we had.  

We went during the middle of the week and it was pretty dead inside.  Thankfully, I didn't make a reservation for our first visit.  I would have looked like a dork.

Fiamma doesn't look like much from the outside, but I had heard and read good things about it, so I wanted to give it a shot.  Once inside, it's very nicely decorated and, for lack of a better word, "quaint."

We were greeted promptly at the door by the manager (I'm assuming) and then again at our table by our server.  Everyone was super-friendly.  Our server ran down the list of specials.  It took him about five minutes, there were so many.  My mouth watered more and more as he went on and on.  

We ordered our wines and two appetizers.  One was a Buffalo mozzarella with tomatoes and the other was a platter of fried calamari, shrimp, and zucchini.  I liked that they had this option of a combo appetizer platter.  It allowed us to try a variety of fried goodies (covered in a light tempura batter).  The marinara sauce that accompanied it was delicious, too.  It was very thick and flavorful.  No Ragu here!

The bread they brought out was fantastic, too.  It was thick, moist, and hearty, and tasted even better dipped in their homemade pesto dip.  Mmm...we couldn't stop eating the slices...and then they brought more!  

After two apps and two helpings of bread, we were already full.  Then, of course, the entrees came (after a little lime/lemon sorbet to cleanse the palate!).   It was tough to choose an entree from the menu, though, because nothing was average-sounding.  Everything sounded exquisite and was a gourmet take on traditional Italian entrees.  I wanted to try them all.  I love not finding traditional spaghetti or ravioli on an Italian menu!  

I finally went with the black linguine with shrimp, covered in a spicy red tomato sauce.  It was definitely spicy and definitely delicious.  My partner went with my other option, which was a linguine with a cream sauce and a variety of items sprinkled throughout it.  It, too, was very delicious; it was very creamy and flavorful.   We didn't have one disappointing food item.  Everything tasted so fresh and authentic.  

And, again, the service was fantastic.  At the end, because the restaurant was so slow I think, our server even brought us a complimentary glass of their homemade limoncello drink.  I was excited since I've never had limoncello before.  It made for a tasty, sweet ending to our delicious meal and excellent experience.  We were SO full the rest of the evening, but it was SO worth it.  Fiamma was fantastic.  We can't wait to go back...but will probably eat less!  Well...maybe not.笑
We're traveling across the country and got a recommendation to stop in here from a local and OMG I am glad we did! You can't tell from the outside but the inside is a really beautiful restaurant with lovely decor and really friendly attentive staff. And the food!!!! Homemade pasta, delicious fresh baked bread with this great dipping sauce, everything really fresh and homemade. I got the pasta with meatballs, honestly the best Italian food we've had on the road! A must visit in the area and I'm jealous of the people who live here who get to come all the time!笑
I had heard such great things about this restaurant, so I suggested to a friend that we try it.  I arrived before my friend did, and I thought for sure that the host would plunk me down right next to a table filled with kids.  Instead, our table was in a nice area in the back of the restaurant.  
The wine list is filled with Italian wines and nice descriptions.  I ordered a Coppola Cabernet Sauvignon, which was described as having notes of cherries and wild flowers.  And good it was.  My friend and I ended up having more than a glass a piece.  Next time, it's a bottle when she and I go out.
The server brought us delicious bread with a pesto dipping oil.  It also featured thin, crunchy breadsticks.
My friend ordered a spicy crab pasta in a tomato sauce.  She said it was a bit too spicy for her.  Wish that I had ordered it.  My selection was Rigatoni alla Norma.  It featured egg plant in a tomato sauce.  The menu stated that it was served with buffalo ricotta.  The cheese that came on my dish must have been a grated version of ricotta.  I am a cheese lover, and I found the cheese portion skimpy.  Plus, the pasta sauce tasted like something I could have made at home on the fly after work.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't special.
We shared the tirimisu for dessert.  Again, nothing special.
Our server had a nice personality, but we felt that he must have been stretched thin.  But, we still had a very nice time.  Wine with a good friend tends to ensure that.笑
Delicious meal, great bread and pesto.  Homemade pasta!  Many specials not on the menu. Waitstaff made us feel very welcome.  Enjoyed outside seating.笑
"Excellent dinner on Christmas Eve! I has the Veal Shank Osso Bucco with Saffron Risotto and was impressed this being our first time and look forward to our next visit."笑
Awful!  One of my worst restaurant experiences.  This is my first review in yelp, and I probably wouldn't be writing it if the manager would have been more professional.  But that will come later in my review.  

To start, the service in general was awful.

We got 3 appetizers which were ok.  but the jumbo scallops, although cooked well, were not jumbo.  The other appetizers were ok nothing to go back for.

Our main courses is another story.  First, we got the lamb chops which were quickly returned for being overcooked.  It is also important to mention super tiny.  We also got a posts dish with chicken, also overcooked.  The third dish we got was the grilled seafood.  The scallops were ok, everything else overcooked and chewy.  The fourth meal was pasta with crab.  This dish was just tasteless.

After returning the lamb dish they did try and make another one.  This time some random asparagus appeared on the plate with some overcooked lamb. the chicken dish was just returned and not replaced.

The manager did come out to apologize when he came back from running errands.  

My friends and I believe the tip is based on service.  Usually it is 20%.  But the food and service was so bad we left 5%.  The manager picked up the check on our way out and yelled to us "thanks guys, that was really nice".  Maybe instead of yelling at us he should do his job and manage his staff to ensure guests have a good experience and want to come back.

I guess the good thing that came out of this is that I will start writing reviews on yelp.  Hopefully the rest of them are how great my experience was.笑
Fiamma is one of our neighborhood go to spots. They produce authentic Italian food for a modest price. They usually are relatively full during peak hours, but the food is worth the wait. Their wine list is also solid, and the service friendly and efficient.笑
Loved the food here! Intimate setting which is great for a date night.笑
I've been to this Italian place twice so far - and both times I was highly impressed with the quality of food and very helpful service.  Our waitress recommended a fantastic wine, priced until $40.  I had the stuffed shrimp mushrooms - which were out of this world.  As you see from the other reviews, the bread and pesto are delicious, and it's hard to not spoil your appetite with them! There were 4 large stuffed (spinach, crab) mushrooms with a huge shrimp on top.  For the main course I had the Osso Bucco - which is braised pork (cooked 6 hours) and a side of homemade gnocchi.  The pork was incredibly tender.  I can't wait to go back!!笑
I enjoyed the atmosphere here, as it wasn't too busy. I brought my partner here for a congratulatory dinner, as the marketing and images make it seem as if this place is pretty upscale. In general it was in a strip mall with a bunch of wooden tables in a cafeteria looking room with nice - Italian style - decor. I wanted a quiet seat and ended next to family with kids playing video games while we were dressed up. Oops, that was my bad for picking the back. I tried a couple dishes, but unfortunately wasn't wowed. We accidentally ordered veal because it said "costoletta" which doesn't translate to anything. We thought veal was "vitella" as referenced elsewhere on the menu. In any case, the milanese dish is veal, so that's vital to know before ordering. Most importantly, not good but fried and bloody veal. I think the oil must have been too hot because there were parts that were actually bleeding, while the outside was crispy. It was over arugula as explained, but not in like an involved paired way, but more like set on top as if we ordered oysters over ice. I also think $30 is also a bit pricey for fried veal over lettuce. We also ordered the calamari app, but it was not one I'd order again. I realize I typically don't order that dish at Italian restaurants, so it may be a different style, so again I'll take fault for that one. I don't even remember what else I ordered now that I look at the menu again, as it really wasn't memorable. It's probably one of the only restaurants I've had left overs and not brought them home. I don't like wasting food ever, but I just couldn't eat any more of the bloody veal. The waitress was nice, but also incredibly slow. 15 minutes would pass without even seeing her, so it was good she left a water pitcher close to our table.笑
I'll be generous and say it's a 3.5...

My team and I came here for our Holiday Lunch. We arrived a little before noon and were seated immediately. The menu wasn't extensive for lunch but it gave us enough options to all try something different. 

I decided to go with the Lasagna Bolognese. It was classic. It really packed a rich bold flavor. I would have liked it to be a bit warmer when it arrived to the table but it had all the stuff it needed to be a really good dish!  

My main issue was the service. It was just meh. I'll chalk it up to our waiter being the only one on the floor during the "lunch rush" but it was definitely lacking that extra touch that I expected based on other's reviews. 

I may come back and give them a try for dinner just to see if I can add them to my list of Italian favs! But for now, they are just A-OK.笑
Came in for our anniversary dinner and the food was great. Delicious pasta and everything tasted very fresh. Prices are reasonable and the service is good. Will definitely be back again.笑
We ate here last night.   It was spectacularly good, but the two $$ should be changed to $$$$.   Maybe it was because 2 of the 3 of us ordered the specials, but $120 for 3 people with no bottles of wine, dessert or salad is really steep.   

I had the Dover Sole, which was prepared as whole fish, not the drab fillets that you usually get when your order sole.   It was cooked to perfection, light and tender, with a caper sauce accompaniment that it didn't really need.  Both my my companions had seafood pasta dishes in a garlic white wine sauce and they were equally satisfied.  

This is the kind of restaurant I would eat at for special occasions.    Quality reminded me of the meals I had in Italy and the Adriatic.   But be prepared for a large bill.笑
Great food and great atmosphere.  Outdoor seating was enjoyable.  Very authentic food some of there noodles are made from scratch.  The only thing that was lacking was service.  He asked if we would like to hear the appetizer specials but then he talked for 5 minutes straight.  It was almost like he was reading off the menu.  Most of us zoned out before he was finished.  Our salads came out rather fast but the wait for the entrees took forever.  Didn't quite make 5 stars.笑
Came here with a friend for restaurant week. I like all of the dishes - well seasoned and good portion. Had tiramisu for dessert - slightly more bitter than what I had before but I liked it like that very much. Definitely coming back!笑
Wow, it just doesn't get much better than this place!  Make sure you ask for Juun...best server you could ever encounter at any restaurant.

He is the start of a great experience, but because he knows the menu inside and out, he can direct you to whatever your taste buds are craving.

The homemade pasta is to die for....the scallops are out of this world...and the Sea Bass.........delicious!

Took some different friends there this past weekend and they now are in the love with the place!笑
Another great meal at Fiamma last week. I had the scallop app and black ravioli for dinner. Quite delicious. My husband loved the veal chop. Our server, Jack, was very knowledgeable about the menu and very attentive. He had a very quick wit, as well, so if you enjoy a good banter with a server he's your guy. Overall great experience and looking forward to our next trip.笑
Amazing food. The calamari, shrimp and zucchini appetizer is phenomenal and you can tell all of the pasta is fresh. It's truly a treat. The veal is also wonderful and the seafood we had in our pasta dishes was delicious. I am excited to go back soon and try some other things on the menu.笑
Fiamma gets 3.5 stars from me on this outing.  My prior two outings would have netted it a 4+.  Stay with me thorough the good and I'll tell you a little story.

This gem is located in an unlikely strip mall but once inside it's clear that one shouldn't judge a book by its cover.  All white tablecloth chic with lovely place settings and an elegant presentation.  For a small place, it knows how to use the space well.  The staff is welcoming and accommodating given we were a party of 12 and not everyone arrived quite at our reservation time.

Appetizers and salads were great. While it's nothing really sexy, I love Insalata Caprese and this was superb - no doubt due to use of the absolutely freshest ingredients. The mozzarella was amazing.

On to Chilean Sea Bass which I loved.  Pan-seared with just the right crispness on the outside, delicate and flaky on the inside.  Wonderful preparation.

Most of the rest of our group seemed to really enjoy their meals, with special emphasis on the Osso Bucco, which was described as tender, flavorful and worthy of eating every bite.  Nice wine list - all Italian I believe.

The Bad (well, really bad I guess). Upon being seated, we were welcomed by a bug of the very worst kind for a restaurant.  The staff took care of the matter while our group considered our options to leave/stay.  In retrospect, maybe we should have left and you're thinking you would definitely have turned tail.  But I think many restaurants have seen a bug or two given all the food around and do their utmost to ensure cleanliness (95 rating here).  I dunno - we were a bit grossed out but stayed anyway.  The management was extremely accommodating,  Complimentary sparkling wine, several dessert trays, no charge on our drinks/wine - and obviously new seating.  Our server could not have been more knowledgeable.

I'd go back again so perhaps that's an endorsement worth considering.

Bon appetit!笑
Love this place!!!  We went for restaurant week last night and had a great time. The bread and pesto is amazing to start with, and then everything we ordered was delicious!  The ambiance is nice and it's tucked away. Great little hidden gem!笑
Great food and world class service. Gnocchi and risotto were deliciously rich but I can't emphasize enough how good the service was.笑
I have been wanting to try this place after a couple friend recommendations and some of the great reviews here. My SO and I must have gone on an understaffed, off night.. Or at least that is what I will keep telling myself as this was a very disappointing meal overall. We got there at 7pm and didn't leave until close to 10pm.. The service was very slow, inattentive, and extremely poor. It took us about 15 minutes to even get a menu (only one menu because they ran out of menus) after we were seated and even longer for someone to speak to us after this to take an order. The bread was decent, I loved the pesto once we finally got some. We ordered the fried calamari, not bad although it tasted like it had sat in the window for a while and the oil wasn't hot enough when they fried them as they were soaked in oil. We had the homemade gnocchi and the seafood pasta. The gnocchi was lovely, big pillowy and melt in your mouth..I would eat that again. The seafood pasta..not so much. Lack of flavor in the white wine sauce and the seafood was chewy and extra fishy smelling. Sadly, I took a couple bites and just sent it back. When they found out I was unhappy with my pasta they showed us some attention for the first time this night and attempted to offer another dish or a dessert but after almost 3 hours of waiting, poor service, and less than memorable food we were ready to go and it still took a while to get a check. I am very disappointed and I don't think we will try this place again.笑
Everything about this place was amazing. The bread they bring while you wait is outstanding. Everything I ate was perfect; texture, taste and size. They even bring you a sorbet between plates to clean your palate. Cant wait to come back!笑
Heard many good things about this restaurant & we like to enjoy new dining experiences for our wedding anniversaries. This definitely fit the bill! First of all, I had to change our reservations due to work a few times online via Open Table, and that was very easy to do. When we arrived, they had a special, private area on the 2nd level just for us! Our waiter Junn was superb and all the service was spot-on friendly and unobtrusive. I can't remember (or pronounce) most of our menu items, but the pasta with shrimp I had was amazing, and hubby had a special with open filleted sea bass. Fresh bread, homemade outstanding pesto, appetizers, martinis with homemade blue cheese in olives, a bottle of wine and a complimentary cheesecake dessert. What's not to like?笑
Omg. I forgot to tell you that I went to Fiamma. And it's incredible. 

Fiamma is tucked into a strip mall just off of Park Rd, by RuSan's, easy to miss. I came here with a friend for an early dinner, and was totally glad that we sought this place out. When we asked for a table, they offered us the upstairs section - this is a snug strange place. I was actually glad that we didn't go for it, because it looked cramped. 

The atmosphere is cozy and dark. Perfect for a date night. The server came to the table with bread and pesto, and she said, "this pesto is going to be one of the best things you eat all night." I thought, "ok, lady. She'll probably say this about everything..." but that pesto is NO JOKE. I could bathe in it. If I was stranded on a desert island, I would want this pesto with me. Its amazing. The bread is warm and fresh, and just keeps coming. My kind of place. They have a sweet little patio area out front that I'd love to sit on and sip wine - once the weather warms up again. 

The menu is in Italian - leading me to just smile and point to what I want. I'm that girl, I know *eye roll*. I got the "Tagliolini allo Scoglio - Homemade pasta sautéed w/fresh seafood in a garlic, red pepper flake, white wine sauce". I was pretty excited, as I had seen pictures on Yelp. In between the pesto and your main dish, they bring you GELATO to cleanse your palate!! I was very impressed and pleased with this. You're right, I am fancy. 

Then the Taglionlini all Scoglio came to the table, and my whole life changed. So. Much. Seafood. It was delicious. The sauce was perfect, not overpowering and the seafood and pasta was all cooked perfectly. AND - winner winner - I was full, and had enough to take home with me! YAY!! I would love to come back here for restaurant week and be able to test out the apps too. My meal was $20, and that seems to be about normal across the board. 

I love Fiamma. I will totally be back. Even if I don't have a fancy date. Its delicious!笑
Some friends and I were in town for a show (Pearl Jam) and found Fiamma on Yelp. The reviews on Yelp were very good and the food, atmosphere and service exceeded all expectations. The staff was very attentive, friendly and professional. We asked how far we were from the venue that we were going to since we didn't know the area too well. They told us and went farther than that by asking us how long we had before having to be there. We told them we had just over an hour. The rest of the meal they made sure everything ran smoothly and quickly and we made perfect time. They took all the initiative on making sure that went well. Can't say enough good things about all the staff. The atmosphere is  elegant but don't be afraid that a nice ambiance means breaking the bank because the prices are very reasonable. The food was excellent, very flavorful and perfectly prepared. I am a notoriously picky eater and had no complaints at all. In fact I was really surprised (I had a lemon chicken dish and it was incredible). All parties raved about the experience and the food. My only regret is that I don't live nearby, but anytime I am in Charlotte I will make it a point to go back.  Five Stars!!笑
I'm from Cincinnati... heard about Fiamma at a conference in Chicago - from someone that I told that I was coming  to Charlotte  this week... I am not even waiting to leave the restaurant to tell you what an incredible find this is!  I travel A LOT and this has been one of the most enjoyable meals I have had in months.  What a treat!  Much deserved 5 Stars - and I have only taken the time to write a review for one other restaurant ever...  excited to share!笑
Another OK restaurant week experience. Slow service and mediocre food. Lots of great reviews and I'll definitely try again, but my recent visit, which was my first wad just OK. The summary...no seasoning! A little salt & pepper goes a long way. Had the scallop app and the lamb shank entree. Potential was there, but bland was the result. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try again, ad I'm sure, based in the reviews, it was just an off night which everyone has.笑
I have heard great things about this restaurant BUT I think coming here during Restaurant Week was not the best idea. The food was okay (though sometimes overcooked and not as fresh tasting). The service was also okay. We could tell they were slammed. We'll try again during a weekday and hope to get the great food we heard about!笑
3.5 I guess...not sure yet. I'm in a food group and we try new restaurants once a month. On our last meeting, we chose Fiamma. We had a reservation for 12 at 7:30pm. We get to the restaurant and our table is set. We sit down and prepare for a fabulous meal, and there's someone there...a small friend. He was on top of the white table cloth crawling around. He was an unexpected guest to our group. Someone not on our email list. Our little ROACH friend. We were all surprised to see him there. I knew I didn't invite him! So we get up and move across the room until new tables were set for us. While we waited, Philepe, who I'm assuming is a GM, brought us some "champagne" (moscato D'asti -__-). A nice gesture. We're finally seated, after much debate about finding another place to eat at the last minute for a group of 12. Some of the group orders apps (stuffed mushrooms and caprese salad) and wine, both of which had no complaints. Once the apps were brought out, we placed our dinner orders. While waiting for our food (close to 2hrs. at least 1hr. 30mins.) I noticed something in my glass of water. Of course at this point I think it's part of the exoskeleton of our roach friend, but I dind't say anything else. I had the squid ink pasta, can't remember the name of the dish; I don't think anyone was blown away by their meal. We all just kind of ate. But, the ladies in our group that had the osso buco did enjoy it. I think one of them cleaned their plate lol. So, after we paid our bill (which they usually don't split for groups over 5...but did for us) Philepe brought out two dessert plates with all of their desserts. Nice save! They were good. Would I go back...I don't know, I'm in no rush.笑
Visited Fiamma on a whim for our anniversary. The awesome reviews helped! Food and wine were AMAZING! House selections were on point. The specials all sounded amazing!! Settled on the scallop starter, osso bucco and bolognese. All amazing. Cauliflower puree with the scallops were out of this world. Lamb melted off the bone. Bolognese was hearty and enormous portion! Our server, Junn, treated us to complimentary champagne and an extra dessert for our special day. DESSERT!! So delicious!! If you are a tiramisu fan, you will not be disappointed!! This restaurant is seriously worth it!笑
I went here for Charlotte Restaurant Week and ordered the mixed green salad, gnocchi, and tiramisu.  The salad was decent. I changed out the balsamic for a lemon dressing that was pretty good.  The gnocchi was a bit tough (I don't know how you can make tough gnocchi) and it was on the salty side, which was a disappointment, but I liked it enough I suppose.  The tiramisu was pretty good.  I can't say it was better or worse than any others I've tried.

Would I go back? Meh. Maybe.笑
Either Charlotte has some very good Italian food, or the other people writing reviews are very fussy, because they gave it only 4 stars.  The truth is that this place is outstanding, from the bread to the wine list, to the delicious calamari appetizer, to the pasta, to wonderful preparations of foods like osso bucco and sea bass, and even to the desserts.  In addition, the service is informative and attentive.笑
Got the Osso Bucco. Hard to get much better. The Risotto had a little bit to be desired, felt more like cheesy rice, but plated with love and tasted great. 

They forgot to box up my date's meal even though we asked. The table for two near the bar was very cramped, barely had room to read menu.

Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly.

I think our bill was 76(63+13) dollars for Osso Bucco, a simple vegetarian pasta dish, and a glass of wine. Didn't mind that price. I might even come by here by myself to the bar when I'm up for a solo meal. 

I'll come back again for certain.笑
I've really been missing out on the great Italian food being served at Fiamma. I've had them on my 'must try' list for at least a year and I'm kicking myself for not going sooner. I decided to drop in for lunch to avoid the restaurant week crowds and it was a complete ghost town! I had the whole place to myself:-) Derrick was my waiter and he knew the menu inside out! He started me off with home made bread and bread sticks with homemade pesto. After going back and forth on what to try, I decided on the Tagliolini alla Zafrano(lumb crabmeat in tomato sauce over home made pasta)...Delizioso!! The home made saffron pasta mixed with the crab and fresh tomato sauce simply melted in my mouth, what an awesome combination! My Italian favorites in the qc continue to increase!笑
Great stuff.  They said they had limited menu selections, but there was a fixed menu option from which you could select an appetizer, entree and dessert.  Everything was delicious.  The portions were a little small, considering it was only 3 courses, I could have had more food; but they weren't unreasonably small.

The pan sear scallop was delicious (but there was only the one) and the lamb was succulent with the extraordinary barolo reduction.  The molten cake I had for dessert was a little too molten for my liking, but still tasty.

I would recommend this place and appreciate all the Yelpers reviews that directed me to it in the first place.  It's definitely worth a trip.  

FYI: it's tucked in a shopping center; very unassuming.  Also worth noting -- I was seated next to several people who seemed to be regulars, because the servers recognized them and were chatting them up.  Nice atmosphere!笑
Homemade focaccia with fresh pesto? Yes please!笑
I went to dinner with some girlfriends at Fiamma on a Saturday night. We were all looking forward to it as we had heard such good things about the food. We were sat immediately upon arrival and things went downhill from there. The bread and pesto were delicious, but the service was disappointing. It would have been better of we has served ourselves. 
Specials and the option of restaurant week were never explained and we had to ask numerous times to find out the soup, ravioli and other specials of the day. After many questions she finally brought over the restaurant week menu and said these are really our specials this week. Had we been told this originally it would've mad smug more sense!
After finally ordering she never came back to our table. After our incorrect orders arrived it took her 40 minutes to come check on us. Occasionally she could be seen looking at us from across the room, but never came to ask how our food was or of we needed anything. 
The seafood dish I ordered was terrible. The calamari and shrimp were chewy and overcooked. I couldn't even cut the octopus. The mussels were chewy, gritty and included unopened ones. No chef should ever serve unopened shellfish, let alone a nice restaurant such as this. When she finally came back my friends had finished but I wanted the kitchen to know about the bad shellfish that was served. I could not eat my meal. She offered to bring another one but I said no. The rest of my party had finished and it wasn't worth my time to wait on food I no longer wanted.  Later she brought another portion even I though I said I didn't want it. I did not eat this one either. 
We had to request that our previously ordered dessert be brought and were never offered the option for others to order more dessert. Even though we would have!
I was most disappointed that I had to request that my meal be removed from my bill when it was inedible. The manager never came to our table to apologize even after requesting the food be removed from the bill. I guess I just would've expected better service from such a well respected restaurant. Ii would've ordered more wine and dessert, but without a waitress checking on me I could not! In all it took 2.5 hours for a subpar meal. If it weren't for the amazing company it would've been a wasted night!笑
Okay...I wanted to try this Italian  Restaurant forever ..I made a reservation during Queens Feast and it was the day of the Ice Storm so we cancelled..so I opted for the day after Valentines Day. Made the reservation for 6:30 PM ...not many people there and we were seated right away...WRONG SEAT-Do not ever sit by the door..it was cold and every time some one came in ..it was a blast of cold air..put our candle out three times and then we stopped lighting it. We were served bread and pesto..a good combo for the table..different and nice. The waitress told us the specials and took our cocktail orders. We ordered Old Fashions. Then we ordered our appetizer of Fritto Misto. It was Calamari, Shrimp and Zucchini. It was okay..a little limp but okay- served with a side of marinara. A while passed , it was getting more crowded ( door opening and freezing) and our waitress was busy. She came back and apologized. She took our dinner order, another Old Fashioned for my husband a a glass of Valipolocella for me. I ordered the Veal Milanese and my husband had the Gnocchi in White Sauce instead of red.  (Door opening and closing..more cold air).  It took a long time for our drinks and dinner, we ate alot of bread. My Veal was not really Veal Milanese..that is a pounded out breaded veal-this was thick and not to tender breaded (chicken) veal. Covered with a mound of wonderful Arugula salad dressed in olive oil and lemon...the salad was good but overwhelming..the veal ..underneath was not the star of the show. My husbands Gnocchi was a small portion but the thin white sauce was watery and the gnocchi themselves were tender. ...we finished and once again --a long time went by before we saw our over-tabled waitress. I got the attention of a bus boy to wrap up our leftovers and find our waitress. (Door opening and closing). She came to the table after about 15 minutes, she apologized for leaving us alone with out service for so long. She brought the dessert menu but by then.. I was cold ( Door opening and closing) So we asked for the check...This is where it went really wrong...My husband was charged 18.95 for the 13,00 Gnocchi's because I guess,  he changed the sauce from red to white ( door opening and closing, my nose is cold now) My 16.95 Veal was 18.00, no idea why I did not change anything. But the thing that really got to us was the drinks...We ordered Old Fashions, Bar Brand Brandy, but they charged us for Three Hennesey's.. 29.67 ????? Then Sweet Vermouth-3.00 - there is no Sweet Vermouth in a Old Fashioned, then a Splash of Juice - 1.50 .. you know...of course there is NO JUICE in a Old Fashioned.,.. so for three drinks it was 34.17???  Our Waitress felt badly so she did bring us two Chocolate covered Strawberries. We a paid the check , and left , because once again our overworked waitress was not around....( door opening and closing.). So Goodbye Fiamma ..hello Villa Franchesca which is a thousand times better!!笑
From the outside, I would never have chosen Fiamma - it's situated in a random strip mall. However, a friend suggested it for our party of six, and from my first visit, Fiamma blew me away. It's owned by some people from Ecuador - another, oddity, right? But the Italian here is incredibly tasty and reasonably priced, and the service is outstanding. 

Their risotto is awesome, as is the calamari appetizer. Having gone back several times, I've had their lamb, sea bass, and other entrees...all fabulous. They always bring out complimentary limoncello to end the meal. And the best part is that you can get out of a full meal for two, plus a bottle of wine, for about $90. Delicious.笑
Wow. We just dined here for the first time from Myrtle Beach and I'm so glad we chose to pick this place. The service was PHENOMENAL. Everything from the appetizer to the main dish was outstanding. You can taste the freshness of every ingredient. Cannot recommend this place enough.笑
Arrived at 7:30pm on a Thurday night. Restaurant was not busy but we waited and waited to be seated. Finally, WE asked two servers chatting at the bar if we could be seated. This is not the Fiammas's of the past! Service was sloppy. Waiter "forgot" to clear the first course. I was asked if I would like ground pepper and I said "yes" but the waiter never came back. Our table close to the bar translated into us listening to two servers chat about their personal lives. It appeared that waiters were serving tables all over the restaurant; different waiters all serving the same "sections"; total chaos. Long after we finished our meal, our waiter asked if we would like to see the dessert menu; we answered in the affirmative. By the time she came back to our table we declined and asked for our check. I excused myself to use the restroom only to find it dirty and the toilet clogged. Adding to my angst was an employee's kid running around behind the bar and kitchen personnel standing behind the bar, mopping their forehead and drinking (what, I don't know). This used to be a cool, intimate restaurant, with a friendly, organized wait staff but not anymore. Sadly, not anymore. It's just a pasta joint that gives off a negative vibe.笑
Our first restaurant choice had a long wait.  I checked Yelp and after making reservations via the handy Yelp portal, we arrived about 10 minutes later.  There was no problem and we were seated immediately.  Our server was well versed and prepared to offer the special wines, drinks, and menu items available for our dinner.  For those he did not know, he checked his notes, or inquired of the chef.  We were delighted that our special anniversary wine was on the list!  That along with dinner and dessert were magnificent!  I especially enjoyed the limoncello!  Everything was wonderful to make this a very nice date with the hubs before a show!  We love Fiamma and I look forward to my next meal.  

Recommendation to others is plan to arrive a bit earlier than the crowd to ensure there are no issues with your dinner reservation.笑
Love this place.  Unassuming from the front, but fabulously cozy on the inside.  Everything from the waitstaff to the wine recommendations to each delicious plate that came to our table.  I would definitely come here again.笑
We were very happy with our Queens Feast pick last night!  Food was delicious.  Great intimate atmosphere.  Complimentary pesto and bread basket was phenomenal.  People at my table ordered tuna tartare and pan-seared scallop starters that were amazing.  Also amazing were the lobster ravioli and corvina sea bass.  We will definitely be returning to Fiamma (frequently)!笑
First time trying Fiamma. Did not have a reservation but was still seated right away in the "attic". If you've been there, you know this is the small raised dining area to the right. It was little cramped/claustrophobic at first especially with a large piece of artwork less than 12 inches from my face. I decided instead to call it "romantic", as I was with my wife (and there was a good deal of privacy up there). 
The waitstaff here is amazing. They really take you on a journey while you're there. The specials all sounded great and they knew them by heart. The House Cab is so smooth, mellow and delicious.
The appetizers Carpaccio of Beef and Tuna Tartar were stunning. I love beets and wanted to share the beet salad with hazlenuts and mint oil; they went ahead and portioned on two seperate plates (huge portions/ maybe full size?) without even asking or charging a split fee = very professional.
We both had pasta for our main courses. Mine was the "Tagliolini allo Scoglio" which came with an abundance of mussels, clams, calamari and shrimp cooked with white wine and red pepper flakes; overall a very nice pasta dish. The House Pinot Grigio was a great companion for this pasta. 
The staff I interacted with are definitely 5 star and the food a solid 4. Can't wait until I can return to try a beef or seafood special!笑
This is my favorite place in the QC. It has been for years.  I had not rated them yet. 

I haven't had any disappointments at all. 

Tonight I had the amazing special Burrata and the Osso bucco which were two thumbs up.笑
Solid Italian with fresh pasta.  The staff are great and knowledgeable.  The specials are innovative, but don't stray too far from its Italian roots.  Fiamma has a good wine list and is a go to place for the neighborhood.笑
Be hungry. Go. Eat. Enjoy. Repeat numerous times. Great food, complimented by attentive & knowledgeable staff. Only negative about the evening is I really over indulged. Couldn't stop eating. Complimentary tiramisu for my date's birthday pushed me over the edge. Nothing but positives on the whole experience.笑
Seemed a bit unaccepting when we first walked in casually dressed, though on here it says casual atmosphere. If I were to return I would go more business casual to formal, and call ahead for reservation. However the food was absolutely delicious! You can tell they use the freshest of ingredients. Our waitress was also very attentive and helpful.笑
Overall the food was great.  Normally I would give a restaurant like this four or even five stars.  The shrimp with zucchini appetizer and lamb with wine sauce were an excellent dinner.

But there were major drawbacks with the atmosphere.  The aroma therapy was completely overkill.  I think it was more the pot pourri in the entrance and bathrooms than the candles at the table but my sinuses were killing me the entire time I was there and normally even smoke filled bars don't bother me.  Watching Top Chef taught me that scented candles or anything else is a big no-no.

The other drawback was the floor was very slippery, as if a whole bottle of olive oil had been spilled just minutes before but I don't think that was the case.  Either way, I almost busted my you-know-what walking to the bathroom and back.  The bathroom however was very clean.

The last distraction, it was very warm!  The air conditioning was inexplicably off.  Even the host was complaining although we never found out why it was not on.  That's just not acceptable in a high end restaurant if you want my opinion.  What if someone's dining in formal wear?  Anyone wearing a sports coat would have been dying.  And it probably added to my issues with the air quality and my sinuses.  Just fix it!笑
Our server, Junn, was amazing. He was an expert on the details of the evening's specials, ingredients, cooking technique, knew the regular menu by heart, is a high quality sommelier, barista and host. He guided us through every course, made suggestions and catered to our every need. A last minute restaurant search turned out to be a high quality dining experience. Dolce Ristorante is an outstanding example of what true fine dining used to be. Neighboring Charlotte restaurants should take some notes. The portions are generous and plates are well balanced.  There was a delicious lemon sorbet served as an intermezzo.  Junn was most generous; because we couldn't decide between two of the desserts, he brought them both. Because the dessert took an extra few minutes to prepare, he brought us complimentary house made limoncello for our wait. The cappuccino was piping hot, with a swirled foam.  Everything was eccelente! We're going back tonight!笑
Yelp just never steers ya wrong.  Ever.  Case in point, Fiamma last night.  It is, as reported, in a strip mall, and we would have driven right by not giving it another thought, except that there are a number of Yeeps out there that called this place out as surprisingly delicious.

FIamma does its best to transform your experience from strip mall to elegant once you walk in.  My eye, for example, was immediately drawn to the wood beams installed across the, well, strip mall drop ceiling tiles.  The beams are beautiful and substantial, and the ceiling tiles made me smile.  Work with what you've got!

Our waiter was perfectly attentive, knew the specials menu by heart, and was able to answer all of our questions.  He brought a lovely bread basket served with fresh homemade pesto.  The pesto was an easy 5 stars.

I second the suggestion of other Yeeps to order the grilled shrimp with grilled zucchini.  Yummy!  I think the dish could be the tiniest bit better if they switched to a larger shrimp, but that is a suggestion I can make across the board to most restaurants.  Sometimes bigger is, in fact, better.

The best meal at the table was the oricchiette pasta with fresh seasonal vegetables.  The pasta was cooked to the perfect consistency, and the vegetables tasted garden fresh.  It was a lovely meal that could have come out of someone's home and garden.

We did order dessert and coffee.  I was not a huge fan of the coffee.  Frankly, if you are going for top notch Italian, I think it is worth the investment to serve Illy or Lavazza, and if you're a commercial operation brewing into a hot-pot glass pot, throw it out already and go thermal carafe (this is the 21st century, after all).  The dessert, however, a chocolate torte served with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, was super creamy and decadent.  A wonderful finish to a delicious meal.

If you are in the neighborhood, do not drive by.  Give this place a try.  I think you will be very pleasantly surprised.笑
A hidden gem off Park Rd.  The only place I really ever paid attention to in this shopping center was Rusan's.  When I got a chance to try out Fiamma I figured it'd be an alright Italian place.  It definitely impressed me.  Their entree and pasta selections went beyond the usual and they had some tasty offerings.  I would choose it over Vivace any day.  The interior isn't anything to write home about but I'm sure it is nice and dark and romantic at night.笑
After some convincing to try something new, my wife and I booked a reservation on OpenTable. The earliest reservation we could get was 8:15 on 1/23/16.  We arrived about 5 minutes early and were not greeted at the door.  The young lady who was the "hostess" failed to acknowledge us for quite a while.  She eventually asked what our reservation was under, and told us she would get our table ready.  We were seated and sat for 30 minutes while everyone around us was served multiple courses of their dinner.  Many different members of the staff walked past our table without even acknowledging we didn't even have a glass of water. As we got up, the folks sitting next to us made a comment that they would leave also as we had waited and been ignored for far too long.

As we were putting our coats on, a staff member asked if she could help us and I told her we were leaving as we had been waiting far too long. Her reply? "Okay, have a good night"

If you are looking for quality service, this does not appear a place to consider for a date night.笑
We went for restaurant week and had appetizers of scallops with cauliflower puree and a salad. These were both very good. We had the squid ink pasta with seafood and it was very good as well. The veal Melanaise was good but slightly over cooked. The desserts were not good. The chocolate molten cake seemed like it was bought from somewhere else and panacotta tasted awkward.

The waiter was very helpful and said the chef would make something off menu for me, which I asked about. I appreciate the accommodation, but went with the veal. We will go back again and try the special request.笑
Carl was our waiter and he was fantastic! Knew the menu and really gave us his true opinion on menu items regardless of price. Food was outstanding! Authentic Italian food you won't find anywhere else. The family owned restaurant has employees who speak Italian so you know it's the real deal. Absolutely loved this place it's a new favorite for sure.笑
Incredible! Always top notch, the lamb osssabocco is to die for. Ask for Yoshi as your server he will be able to guide you on making the right food and wine choices.笑
This gem is extremely surprising and a true note of the saying "Don't judge a book by its cover". My husband and I were dressed to the nines as we were heading to a Red Carpet event in Uptown and wanted dinner prior to the event so we made reservations at Fiamma. 
As we pulled into the lot and parked we looked to each other and said "We are WAY overdressed", as I grabbed the train to my formal gown after my husband opened the car door for me. He buttoned his tux and we proceeded to the door as we observed the consignment store next door and other stores in the strip mall. The closer we got to the door the more we thought we may have come to the wrong restaurant for dinner before the event.
Once we entered the restaurant and was greeted by the great host and seated at our amazing table at the front of the restaurant where we were greeted by our amazing server.
Our food was super amazing from start to finish and the fact that our server made us aware that everything is made from scratch and take a little extra time so we were made aware which made the wait seamless (though it was a long wait).
Out came the bread for the table (I'm on carb restrictions so I didn't indulge, however my husband devoured it) hot and fresh alongside bread-sticks and some olive oil.
We ordered the scallops and mushroom appetizer which was over whipped and creamy cauliflower. This was DELICIOUS.
There were 8 specials and instead of looking over the long and very detailed menu, we decided to go with the specials. I had the Seabass special that came with artichokes, asparagus and sweet potatoes. My husband had the Seabass special with asparagus and fettuccine. Both were extremely fresh and flavorful. In between course we were served sorbet to clean our palette. Upon receiving our check we were given Lemon Chello for an after dinner drink which we both didn't indulge in as we both had wine with dinner.
The server is 5 star, the food was 5 star and the ambiance was great though we were overdressed. People had on nice attire so it's totally okay to be dressed to impressed like we were ;-)笑
After reading all the reviews my husband and I decided to give Fiamma a try and we are so happy that we did! As NYers who recently moved to Charlotte legit Italian food can be really hard to find. We were pleasantly surprised with our meal. Decor is meh but who cares when the food is so good! Jessica our waitress was fantastic! We tried out the Burrata appetizer special , the Fiamma and Calamari salads which were all awesome. I had a stuffed veal special and my husband did the Osso buco. The veal came with a side of gnocchi that were so light and airy, I was really impressed. As for price we thought our bill was really reasonable considering we also ordered a bottle of wine. Coming from NY not many bills have really shocked us price wise here. We will definitely be returning to Fiamma.笑
DELICIOUS!! I love Italian food, and this place is as good as it gets in Charlotte. The waiters were very helpful and prompt. They convinced me to try to lamb, which I don't normally like, but it was as good as they promised. It was perfectly done with a delicious sauce accompanied by asparagus on top of polenta. Yummy! We also had lobster ravioli which tasted great, but the lobster was a tiny bit overdone and slightly tough, which would be my only complaint of the entire experience. This will be my new go-to Italian place in Charlotte.笑
This is our favorite Italian place in town! From the stuffed mushrooms to the Chilean Sea Bass and pasta dishes to incredible desserts and limoncello which was complimentary. The service is excellent! We've never had a bad meal!笑
Really enjoy the food here everytime I go.  I love places like these that are unassuming and unpretentious but serve up some great cuisine.  The gnocci and scottadito (lamb) are superb!  Some real good wines also.  Go, enjoy and bon appetit!笑
Very good food. Amazing pasta, pesto and bread, calamari and deserts. Very pleased and will return soon.笑
Simply superb. One of the best meals we've had in a long time.  You can tell the chef puts everything he's got into his dishes.  I had the grilled vegetables to start and then the trout special, which was stuffed with lump crab meat, shrimp, and scallops.  It was out of this world.   My wife had the gnocchi special and loved every bit. Added to the favorite list for sure.笑
Definitely a great date night! Or double date, if you're so lucky!  Was greeted immediately by a friendly group of wait staff and host.  I arrived before the group and was at the bar where a friendly waitress went over the wine list with me.  By no means do I know anything about the fermented grapes, but took her suggestion as to a great white wine which everyone at our table enjoyed when the non-punctuals arrived!  It doesn't stop there! The specials du jour list was endless! Seems like it took awhile for our server to get them all out!  I went with the sweet potato ravioli! WOW!  Great taste explosion!  Not entirely vegan though, so I went with it and was so happy I did.  meh, what's a lil butter right?  There wasn't a bad meal at the table!  
In other news, expect a very attentive wait staff and great food... It's a bit pricey, so expect to pay around 40 bucks or so a person for a 3 course meal and an adult beverage.
Definite thumbs and has some "Woo" potential if you've got a special someone who you'd like to impress!笑
Let me just say the food here is amazing. We got a meat and cheese appetizer, and for dinner I got risotto with scallops and shrimp. My boyfriend got chicken Parmesan. It was all delicious! the restaurant has an intimate feel, very nice and cozy inside and the waiters know the menu well. We were sat in the very back of the restaurant and felt our service took much longer than it should have--the reason for 4 stars.笑
I will preface this review by saying that I'm of Italian descent, so I'm probably pickier than others might be, but this place is abysmally mediocre. 

We arrived for an early reservation during Restaurant Week. The dearth of spots to choose from meant that it had to be busy/good, right? Nope! We entered the restaurant to be greeted with a strange fishy smell. After waiting several minutes for the hostess to lead us to our table, we were seated in a spot with a LOVELY view of the kitchen. Now, I'm not so bougie that I'll cast aspersions at being seated by the kitchen, but this ended up being significant only because I could hear a waiter or chef (not sure) loudly berating other employees back there. Family fun! The interior of the restaurant looks like it's seen better days, with crumbling paint here and there. 

I was unimpressed with the cocktails list (just kinda basic stuff, nothing that the restaurant had created on its own), so we stuck with sparkling water. 

Standard bread and pesto were brought out. 

First course was beef carpaccio for me. It was pleasant enough, but you can't really mess up carpaccio seeing as how it's served RAW. The parmesan on it was served in giant chunks instead of being cut thin, but whatever. My wife's tuna carpaccio, on the other hand, was a mess, and it was suspiciously missing the olives that the menu had listed. 

For the entree, I was afraid the filet would be mediocre (very glad now that I didn't order it), so I went with the penne alla Norma (penne served with eggplant, tomatoes, and ricotta). It had maybe three small tomatoes in it. The eggplant was mushy. The ricotta was just dumped all over the top like someone had just given up. Sauce was bland and tasteless. The penne itself had an extremely inconsistent temperature...parts of it were hot, while other sections were lukewarm to cold. If this is truly pasta that's made in-house, I don't see how that's possible. The whole dish was just not great...it could've used something to brighten up the flavors (olives, maybe); instead, it felt plodding to eat it. My wife had the lobster squid ink ravioli with a pasta sauce that was completely incongruous with the rest of the dish. She also was picking out seafood tails here and there. 

Well, we carried on with dessert. I got the cheesecake, which was crumbly and not particularly flavorful. The ice cream that accompanied it was better. We were given free glasses of limoncello, so...I guess that's good. 

This was not an $80 meal. This should have been closer to Olive Garden prices because it was nearly Olive Garden quality.笑
Will definitely be returning to Fiamma.  This was the best Italian I've had since I've come to Charlotte.  

When first arriving, it was early 630ish on a Friday night.  The parking lot was pretty empty & the outside is unassuming.  My partner was skeptical about even staying when we walked in & only 4 tables had patrons. 

We stayed enjoying a fantastic veal chop, gnocchi, & for my less adventurous partner a carbonara.  Truly delicious all around & didn't necessarily taste like Italian I could copy easily in the kitchen myself.

Definitely will be returning for very authentic Italian cuisine.笑
Terrible service and food. Was there an hour and a half and only spent 15 minutes eating. It was terrible, pasta was overcooked, sauce was bad, and ravioli was inedible.笑
I cannot give this place a good review. I traveled here from Atlanta with my sister-in-law for a girls weekend get-away. I made a reservation through Open Table and requested a nice table. We were seated at a tiny table for two in between two parties of four. Yet, just across the aisle from us, were lots of empty tables for four. They filled each of those with parties of two. So why were we the ones crammed into the table for two? Is it because we were two women? I did not appreciate that- especially after my request on Open Table. The appetizer was one of their specials. It was shrimp bruschetta. It took so long- I think they had to go to the coast to catch the shrimp. My friend had the spinach and cheese ravioli. She said it was delicious. I took the waiter's recommendation of the sea bass. It was bland and just average. It also took our waiter so long to bring us the bill that we had to find another server to ask for it. The bill was very expensive. As a visitor to the city, wish I had spent my time and money somewhere else.笑
Danggit, word must have gotten out, Fiamma was PACKED last night, Saturday night for Restaurant week!!!  We walked in and had to huddle at the door to wait for the hostess to sit us.

Fiamma, is a force to be reckoned with in the Queen City Italian Restaurant Scene.  If you haven't been, your missing out.  Its a bit far of a drive for me, but well worth it.  Restaurant Week menu was set.  I started with the Caprese Salad.  Nice beefy tomatoes and mozz with a nice balsamico and olive oil.  They were a bit skimpy on the balsamic so I had to wrestle the bottle away from the server.  I had the handmade pasta and seafood dish which was just ok.  The pasta was homemade as virtually everything except the water and the wine is there.  I appreciate homemade pasta and it was wonderful.  The seafood in the dish was a downgrade in quality from their normal everyday menu.  Shrimp were smallish and the calamari was meh.  overall it was terrible and a decent entrée.  I finished up with the cheesecake which was of the ricotta type and was grainy and dry.  Again, it was Restaurant week so for $30.00 I can't expect top quality.  Others in my party had the Lamb Shank which looked and tasted wonderful, and the Salmon which seemed to go over well.

I like Fiamma.  Our Server made sure to point out to us that normally it's not that crowded and we'd get better service on a normal night.  They had plenty of staff walking around so I didn't think our service was bad.  All in all, it was an enjoyable night with good friends.  I'll be back but probably not for Restaurant Week.笑
Small portions and food just ok at best. More like mediocre. Beef Shortrib ravioli doused in something that left a weird lingering after taste. Pasta with shrimp, sauce tasted like Ragu/store bought. We were disappointed and the server kept disappearing - try another restaurant笑
Excellent Surprise!!

Found this little gem all because Fran's Filling Station was closed.  No note on the door as to why they were closed but glad they were or I wouldn't have had the pleasure of service by Luigi and the experience of some amazing Italian food!!!笑
Continues to put every other Italian joint in town to shame.

Now that I've gotten to sample the full veg range - salads, pasta, dessert, and pizza - I'm still waiting to find a weak spot. Their new menu is larger, stronger, lighter in places, and pushes their strengths (high-temp searing and handmade pastas) while still offering comfort food (gnocchi marinara, caprese buffalo). I have to emphatically agree with the Observer's recent award to Fiamma of Best Italian. 

If I had one complaint, it would be salt levels. Why do so many Italian places in CLT suffer from this issue? While it's never killed a dish for me here (as it has in other more Ricotta-y places) it came close on the Pizza Funghi I ordered last night. That isn't to say my leftovers aren't eaten - but it took me two sittings, and only because of the combination of oversalted sauce, salty mozz, and parmesan. 

Dress levels definitely climb in the evening, as does quality of service. We sat down in a half empty restaurant for our 6:30 reservation. By time 7 rolled around, there were no empty tables and at least a party or two waiting. Make reservations if you plan on eating weekend dinner here.笑
This is the best Italian I've had outside of Little Italy in New York City.

My bride and I have been regulars at Fiamma for just under four years now.  Each and every time, we request Yoshi as our server.  He's knows the food and wine menu inside and out and can easily guide you to your likings.  May I recommend the Il Poggio Sangiovese (Red Italian Wine)... It's our go-to.  The house-made pesto and focaccia bread is insanely good and is a complimentary item.

If you like basic Italian, there are dishes that will keep it basic and knock your socks off.  My recommendation under this would be the Papardelle Bolognese.  It's a fantastic meat sauce featuring their housemade pasta.  It's simple yet slammed full of flavor.  Even better, it's only $13.  Why on earth would anyone go to Olive Garden or something of that nature when for a few dollars more, you can have fresh and high quality food.

If you like things a little different or more authentic, there are a host of options for you.  My key favorites would be the Osso Bucco with Risotto, Tagliatelle d'Alba, or a fish special.  Great finishers would include the Panna Cotta (creamy, fresh fruit, light) or Tortino al Cioccolato if you are like me and require chocolate as a final bite!

If you haven't had Fiamma, you are missing out.  I highly recommend you visit.  It's one of the best values in Charlotte.笑
I took my wife to Fiamma for her birthday.  Being new to the Charlotte, we had no prior knowledge of Italian restaurants in the area.  The meal was excellent, the service was great.  We will be going back.笑
Fantastic food and service. Russ, our server, made great recommendations on wine, food and a fantastic salad the three of us split with roasted shitake mushrooms. Lovely pesto sauce served with homemade bread for openers. Sherbert intermetzzo between courses- and this was for lunch! Fantastic atmosphere. Such a nice, relaxed experience-especially being served by Russ.笑
Love this place!! Fantastic service and delicious food. Went for a girls night and the waiters/staff were extremely attentive and accommodating. Provided our appetizers (deliciously fresh caprese salad) already split on individual plates. And brought out free dessert at the end of our meal for our friend who just got engaged and our friend celebrating birthday. We ordered different entrees around the table and loved them all from the homemade pasta dishes to the fresh catch specials.  The bread and homemade pesto to start the meal were also fantastic. This will be a new go to spot for me! Some of the best Italian food in town!笑
This is our date spot every time we are in Charlotte! Spectacular food, wine pairings, and service. We usually let servers guide us with dinner specials and pairings. The fresh pasta and risotto are always top notch!笑
Fiamma was an absolute surprise!  I never expected it to be so good, also the surprise was because this restaurant was my wife's find.  I had no idea this one existed until we visited it one fine evening (yes, even though I am an Yelper I missed this - Yelp judges I take full responsibility).

First of all, this is pretty late review.  Its been about 6 months now since we visited this place.  But this should show how good the restaurant is, coz it never went off my mind.  This is not a super upscale, super fine dining place but it is super fine with all it has to offer.  We did make prior reservations and had a kind welcome when entered and there were couple tables to choose from and we choose the one on the sort of second level (there is a small staircase that leads to second level space with few tables).  It is more private, and little bit less noisy.

Our waitress was the best,  she was kind, interactive, attentive, explained all my ignorant questions on menu pronunciations and suggested some pretty delicious meals for the night.  We ordered a bottle of white wine to start our special occasion dinner and all the food plates that followed later were just delicious.  Simply delicious.

Here is where I am going to feel embarrassed.  I forgot the names of our food that night.  C'mon it's all in Italian.  I had something with Veal cooked in red wine, stuffed with mushrooms and gnocchi on the side.  It was the best tasting veal I ever had and have a new respect for veal since then.  Wife had a Salmon dish, with pasta I believe.  Again, forgive me for the bad memory,  the appetizer was something with prosciutto and salad and it was best ever prosciutto I personally ever tasted.  We also had a surprise orange sorbet coming just when we were finishing up or entrées.  Fin with some nice sugary desserts, it was sort of a chocolate lava cake and yea obviously nothing to complain but ourselves for overloading. 

Just can't wait to go back !笑
I came here for restaurant week because I have been dying to try it for at least a year.  I was completely disappointed.  Devastatingly disappointed.  I started with the scallops & calamari...which were good.  The homemade bread & pesto was good.  Then to the entree.... I had the seafood pasta with garlic sauce, clams, shrimp, scallops, calamari, and mussels.  I was excited to try it because the waitress told me they have fresh seafood brought in daily.  What could be wrong?  Well..the sauce was not was not what I expected.  It was very dry and not creamy as I had hoped.  The seafood on top was extremely fishy.  I have had plenty of pasta seafood dishes and they usually blend very nicely..with a balance of flavors...NOT this one.  Blah!  I sent it back which I despise doing.  I then ordered the lobster ravioli.  Could it get worse? I literally wanted to cry.  The ravioli was black instead of the traditional white. That just grossed me out.  The sauce on top was their house made slightly spicy marinara, which was delicious, but did not go with the ravioli-completely conflicting flavors.  The lobster inside was fishy. Overly upset.  I didn't eat anymore after the first bite.

The dessert was ok..tiramisu had a good flavor but was sort of mushed all together.  Panna cotta was good.  

Service was phenomenal.  Our waitress and even the hostesses were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  I loved hearing my waitress describe the food..A+ for her.  

Sanitation rating is 90....worries me with all the "fresh" seafood.笑
I hate to be harsh of a restaurant in a town where I'm a visitor and don't have a lay of the culinary land (e.g. everything's relative, you can't expect to find the food of Paris, France in Paris, KY, for instance), but I was disappointed by a recent dining experience at Fiamma whose pricey menu and elaborate culinary descriptions promised a lot more than what was delivered.

We started off with an appetizer special of two large sea scallops, pan-seared and served with a cauliflower puree, mushrooms, and balsamic vinegar reduction. The scallops were beautifully prepared and well-seasoned. The cauliflower puree was nothing to write home about, though - lumpy and lacking in flavor.  While I enjoy balsamic reduction and mushrooms, an overall cohesion to the plate  was missing - should I be mixing everything together? Eating them separately? Who knew. We also had the sauteed calamari, tossed with bits of tomato, avocado, and lemon juice. While not the freshest calamari, I still enjoyed the brightness of the flavors on the plate. One of my dining companions, preferring breaded and fried calamari, did not.

For my entree, I ordered the house gnocchi with italian sausage and spring peas in a fresh tomato sauce. While a generous serving, it was nothing spectacular, particularly because I ust had an amazing gnocchi bolognese at a Virginia restaurant a week earlier.  The peas really added nothing to the gnocchi, and the sauce with the Italian sausage was pretty unremarkable. My sister and brother and law ordered a lamb chop and a stuffed veal chop - the only two proteins on the planet I don't eat. So I can't really comment on their entrees, other than to say that the stuffed veal chop looked enormous, with way too much going on. It also looked dry and overcooked. It seemed that the veal could have taken a lesson from the lamb, which was simpler in its preparation and my sister seemed to enjoy.

I will say that the service was excellent - and the complimentary raspberry sorbet palate cleanser and house-made lemoncello were added high-notes to the meal.笑
Though I typically enjoy Italian food, I generally don't while eating out - probably because unlike some other cuisines, I can often make a passable imitation at home. And not to minimize their effort, but no matter how good it is, we're still talking pasta and sauce, and spending a lot of money on that can be a daunting task.

This isn't to say that Fiamma offers Kraft macaroni and cheese (or whichever brand you prefer to use instead). Far from it - though tucked into a strip mall, the inside is quite welcoming indeed.

Luckily we happened by at an off-hour (at least, I assume so), because the entire time we were there, we saw only one other table that was even occupied. It made for an even better experience, though I can't compare it, as we aren't exactly close by so we haven't been back for a follow-on when they are busier. It might be that all experiences with the staff are quite good.

As to the food: Definitely worthwhile, and the prices aren't outrageous. But because they are a bit of a hike, I'm not sure that I'd go out of my way just for the food, but I could say that about many places, especially if they are Italian. If I was nearby and just had to have some Italian? Then the atmosphere and experience is definitely worth it.笑
First let me say I went here totally on the recommendation of another Yelper , Julia S.  I encourage you to read both of her reviews.  Following her cue I ordered the special appetizer with grilled shitaki mushrooms followed up with the most amazing rissoto I have ever eaten in my life.  Let me say that it is always a thrill to make your first visit to a truly great restaurant.  You can read in the many Yelp reviews about how great the ambiance at Fiamma is - nuff said. I will add that when confronted with a new restaurant I often rely on my server to lead me in the right direction. Yoshi, and his manager Alex were both consummate professionals. They never hovered, but made sure my visit was optimum. I was impressed as I watched the fine staff move about in this place taking care of the clientele.  About the rissoto.  There is an interesting  comparison between rissoto (the "little rice") of northern Italy and paella of Spain.  Both require great care in the marrying of flavor to insure an optimum result.  Having been burned badly by a very bad paella in another one of Charlotte's highly touted restaurants just the night before I was particularly sensitive to how successful Fiamma is in their risotto.  Well, enough said--but strangely  the comparison brings to mind the wonderful poem by Emily Dickinson - I died for beauty - - -  I died for truth---etc.  Well, excuse  the stretch, (just Google it! lol).  This place brings about notions of great art.  Try Fiamma!  For this old hippie who lived for years in Little Italy in NYC it felt like coming home.笑
I have been to Fiamma twice and both visits were during Restaurant Week.  From the outside, I was very unimpressed.  It's located in a strip mall that offers no pzazz.  Once inside, however, the ambiance is intimate, warmly lit, and romantic.  Most of the tables are separated but there are a few that are connected by one long booth seat.  Unfortunately, this is where my party of 3 was sat.  Even more uncomfortable was that the table was actually comprised of 2 separate small tables covered by a table cloth.  It was notably a tight space.  

Thankfully we overcame our discouraging seating situation by ordering wine.  The pours were generous and the prices ranged from $6.00 to $9.00 per glass.  It was quite reasonable. 

In addition to some wine, we also ordered food off of the restaurant week menu.  My first item was sauteed sea scallops in a cauliflower puree topped with mushrooms.  It was simply delectable.  I would order this as an entree if I could.  My second item was a pacific white fish served with two sauteed potatoes and white asparagus covered in a caper sauce.  It was a nice dish but it didn't knock me off my feet.  I felt the fish could have been a bit more moist but the flavors were tasty!  Lastly, we all ordered and sampled each others dessert.  The creme brulee took the first place ribbon.  It was a generous portion topped with delicious berries.  The ricotta cheesecake was a runner up.  It was light and did the trick to hit my sweet spot.  However, if you are a cheesecake lover and like the rich, creamy  versions - this would not be your pick!

The service we received was adequate but not superb.  I had a much better waiter the first time I visited.  There were a few times I found my eyes wandering to see if I could get his attention.  Additionally, only 2 out of the 3 entrees were brought out together.  One of my friends had to wait a few minutes before hers arrived.  It certainly didn't ruin the meal but it's always nice begin eating your dinner at the same time.  

Overall, Fiamma did not earn a 5 star review but I would return.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and they have some great dishes.  There are just some areas that could be tweaked to make the overall experience more enjoyable.笑
I have two favorite go-to dishes:

The first is the carcioffi salad (artichokes, pistachios and warm parmesan slices). The other is the ravioli, and depending on the season, you may get the butternut squash or pumpkin. The spinach and four-cheese are also great options. 

They always offer a lagniappe of lemon sorbet between dishes and limoncello for dessert - on the house.

I do have to mention - we took some good friends to Fiamma one night hoping they too would love the restaurant and we ended up having a really ODD server. If you get her (believe me you'll know) please give the place another chance.笑
This place lived up to the hype.  A perfect quaint pace for a first date.  We got a nice table tucked away upstairs by the window and the attentive service moved at a perfect pace.  The scallop appetizer special, served over cauliflower puree with mushrooms was DREAMY.  The sea bass special was the best I have ever had. I can't believe they achieved a perfect crispy crust without frying.  
You need to try it. Its a Charlotte gem.笑
Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and surely the best Italian food in the city as well! You can tell if a restaurant is serious about its food if they constantly offer a variety of specials and Fiamma usually tops the list. 
Earlier this week, our table of 3 ordered the stuffed mushroom appetizer (special), salmon tartar appetizer, stuffed veal w/ gnocchi (special), black risotto with seafood (special), and a whole fish that was filleted at our table (forgot the name of the dish but again, from the specials menu). We destroyed each dish, especially the risotto, which was clearly the table favorite. 

We had Yoshi as our server. He's professional and clearly knew the menu inside and out, including details about the specials. Bottom line - the food and service were both outstanding; it was a perfect dinner. 

I think they offer buy one get one for $0.05 wine bottles on Wednesday nights. I will continue to come back!笑
best gnocchi ive ever had. sausage gnocchi it wAs amazing. bread and dip is also good. Our service was outstanding the waiter seemed to know Italian food well, a shorter young brown haired guy. We went with his wine recommendation, a chianti, that paired excellent with my food. The only complaint I had was the cheesecake, which I didn't finish all of, it wasn't the ricotta cheesecake texture I desired.笑
This restaurant was great from beginning to end. The pesto & bread was good, everyone's food looked delicious and from the quite table you would agree that it was. I ordered the Scallops as my appetizer and they were so good, the only disappointment was I wanted more of the purée cauliflower. Then to my surprise they brought out a palate cleanser (lemon sorbet) before the entree with I enjoyed since no restaurants really do that anyone. For my entree I had the lamb chops and it was every bit of delicious along with the cheesecake I had for dessert! I would highly recommend this restaurant.笑
I've been to Fiamma several times, and they offer one of the better Italian menus in CLT.  I love that their pastas are made fresh in-house, as well as their delicious focaccia and bread sticks.  And there are so many items to choose from, you'll likely have trouble choosing your entree - everything looks (and tastes) so good!  

Their Queen's Feast menu has lots of options, but I'm going to describe our latest non-QF meal.  Service is definitely better--and less hurried--during non-QF times.

I started with their shrimp/crab/avocado salad.  The shrimp were grilled and were small, but plentiful.  There were only a few flakes of crab, but there was probably a whole avocado.  The salad was served atop greens with a light lemon vinaigrette dressing.  The portion was huge, but I would have preferred a smaller portion for a lower price (currently $10.99).  

My hubby started with the beef carpaccio.  It was thinly sliced, and topped with several large pieces of shaved Parmesan and arugula.  The dressing was light and delicious.  We both loved this dish, and I kept stealing bites.

For our entrees, I had the shrimp tagliolini with the cognac cream sauce.  The sauce and pasta were truly delicious.  My only complaint was that the shrimp were relatively small (but not as small as the shrimp in the salad). 

My hubby had the Dover sole special.  While it was very good, we were surprised at the $36 price tag.  I suggest you ask the prices for their specials before ordering, because they are probably higher than the regular menu.

We made room for dessert, and shared the panna cotta and creme brûlée.  Both were very good.

Our server was very attentive and we never waited long between courses.  He also expertly filleted the sole at the table - very impressive!

Despite some minor--but small--complaints, we will definitely return!笑
My husband and I had our first date here and this continues to be a special place that we celebrate any special occasion and every anniversary. The experience is never disappointing--- service is excellent and food always amazing.  

This family owned restaurant is extremely passionate about their delicious Italian food, wine,  and your dining experience!笑
Oh Fiamma will you marry me??? Just promise to cook for us every day!! What a gem this place is, so cozy and quaint. From the homemade pesto, sorbet between courses, waiters that can barely speak English... The calamari app was so unusual with avocado (we got it sauteed instead of deep fried and it was so delish!) I had the pasta with chicken and sun-dried tomatoes and my friend got the fettuccine with mushrooms...Unreal meal. So full at the end of the meal we could not eat dessert but they brought us some complimentary homemade limoncello already cant wait to go back!!!笑
Not your average Italian, so if you are looking for chicken parm this restaurant is probably not for you. It's also not a good choice if you are in any type of hurry and enjoy accuracy in your food orders. Personally I don't enjoy spending my evening waiting for food, if you do, this is the place.笑
Last week some friends and I decided we wanted to go someplace that had good pizza. This placed was rated the best on yelp and I usually can trust their rankings.  

Unfortunatley, I was really disappointed.  The pizza was average/ below average.  I'd say one step above fast food delivery.  Our server, Yoshi, was courteous when he was around but we had to go find him inside the restaurant when all 5 of us had no more water and had run out of beer.  

They would have gotten 2 stars but the owner/manager was very nice and came out to talk to us a few times.  

There has GOT to be better pizza in this town!! Doesn't there?!?笑
Well, I really wanted to love this place based on the reviews, but it's a solid 3 stars.

Service: 5 star all the way, BUT the server totally screwed me on my wine choice.  I asked for a "house" wine, which almost always means the cheapest, well, not so much.  Got the bill and each glass was $13.50.  YIKES!!!  So, he went from 5 stars to 1 star based on that alone.

Food:  Good to very good.  I had the osso buco..not the best ever, but definitely nice.  The insalata bianca I had b4 this sounds great, but it was just okay....nothing to write home about.  My husband got sea bass special.  The flesh was chunky and beautifully grilled.  It was served with a bland spaghetti squash....WHY do people keeping pushing squash...people want to convince you it's good, but it really is never good.

Price:  Not bad, but we were definitely stung by the upsale of the "house" wine.  

Overall 3 is it, could be 4, but that was lost at $13.50/glass笑
We found the service to be very mediocre and the food to be quite bland.  I get the feeling this restaurant is living off of its past reputation.  While we could see some signs of what it had been (stuff mushrooms, ravioli) we were pretty thoroughly disappointed.  I would not recommend or return. 

Service:
When we were first seated, there was a stench around our table.  Best I can describe is moldy / dirty mop water.  They did accommodate our request to be moved, but it took about 15 minutes.  The wait service was not that great. We generally had to stack our own plates and engage the wait staff to have our table bussed or to have our drinks refreshed. 

Food:

Fresh Mozzarella and Basil - How can you not get this one right? We have had a lot of fresh mozzarella in our time and this was the worst.  The mozzarella was tasteless, as were the oil and balsamic vinegar. The only thing that was good in this appetizer were the tomatoes.
Funghi alla Piedmontese - Very flavorful and tasty appetizer.  The filling was wonderful and these were cooked to perfection.  They also placed a spiced shrimp on top of each mushroom that was incredible. 
Fritto Misto - The calamari was overcooked [a theme at Fiamma] and chewy. The spicy tomato Sause was good.
Costoletta di Maiale - Overcooked and Bland. The pork chop was overcooked and dry, and the Barolo wine sauce not at all very flavorful, very bland. 
Salmon -  Overcooked and Bland. Was a major disappointment ... very overcooked and dry and not very well seasoned.  . 
Tagliolini della Moglie - Bland.   While the fresh pasta in this dish was excellent and I enjoyed the addition of the trevisano, the brandy sauce was really flavorless as was the entire dish.  To be honest I would have been better off ordering the pasta with parmesan and butter ... 
Ravioli di Giorno - Excellent. This was the best of the meals we ordered.  The pasta was thin, the spinach and cheese filling flavorful and the sauce wonderful笑
How do you purge your memory of fast food consumed through a long travel day?  Dine here.  Notice I didn't say, "eat".  This is the way to enjoy food:  soft lighting, well-trained, personable service, a nice glass of red, in an appropriately-shaped goblet, I might add, and well-prepared food. Carpaccio perfectly thin over arugula.   Pear, walnut, and mixed greens with balsamic.    Have i teased your appetite yet?  Best Italian food we have had in our travels.笑
This place is a hidden gem. I am so glad I went there because I have been on my search for an authentic Italian restaurant for a quite a while and I can gladly say now that I have finally found the place.

Located on park road, this place has nice indoor and outdoor seating. The servers are extremely nice and especially our server took the time to explain every single special with great detail.

About the food, all I can say is that this is one of best I have had in the recent past. I had the special Chilean bass stuffed with shrimp, scallops and crabmeat, with a side of linguini. I was delicious and the fish was cooked to perfection.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some really flavorful Italian food.笑
A friend and I tried Fiamma during restaurant week, which might have been a mistake. We arrived early and were seated quickly, but as the evening picked up it became clear that they were incredibly understaffed. I'm pretty sure our waitress was the only server, and the runners picked up the slack where they could. I watched her work at the hostess stand while we waited 15 minutes (I timed it) for our check. We had a hard time understanding the runners as well, so I give the service a D-. 

Anyway- the food. The gnocchi was soft and delicious and my braised pork shoulder was tasty. The broth was flavorful but not heavy. The same with my friend's veal- the chef does an amazing job getting so much flavor in light and thin sauces. I also liked that they offer lemon sherbet to cleanse your pallet between courses.

I wasn't terribly impressed with our appetizers. The calamari was lightly fried and chewy (I prefer a crispy fried calamari) and my beef carpaccio arugula was tasty but simple. The lemony arugula was probably the best part.

Desserts- Chocolate Lava cake with vanilla gelato and ricotta cheese cake. Yummy.

Overall, the service was so poor I would have given a 2 star rating, but the food thankfully was a saving grace. I'd give this place a solid B-. I'm not quite a fan, but I'm not mad about the $50 I spent there (I had a glass of wine as well).笑
HAVE THE OSSO BUCO RAVIOLI!!! HAVE THE OSSO BUCO RAVIOLI!! 

I had the pleasure of having lunch here again, and still a fan. 
I just really love the coziness of the room, and again, the server was attentive and personable without being intrusive.
I had an the Insalata Fiamma - beautifully presented salad with Shrimp and Crabmeat. Actually, the crab meat was delicious, but the shrimp seemed like thaw-and-rinse and was rather tasteless. I was a little disappointed. 
My friend however, had the Ravioli of the day. Osso Buco. The pasta was tender and delicious and the meat filling well seasoned, but the mushroom sauce was...absolutely the best restaurant bite I have had in a very long time. I will start calling them regularly to find out when it is the special again so I can clear my calendar to make it in that day. 
I finished with a delicious cup of coffee.  Perfect. 

(Unfortunately, like the first visit, there is a little off-putting odor to the restaurant when one first walks in...what IS that, and can you make it better?)笑
I thought the food was very well made and authentic.  The family that owns it are from Tuscany (maybe via NY) but the menu has popular dishes from all over Italy.  There were not very many vegeterian options. There is always a  special ravioli of the day.  I ordered the penne bizanne and and the fennel and orange salad. the salad was good and the taste of the penne was delicious.  It was a little too al dente for my taste but the flavors were simple.  We sat on the patio out side and had very attentive service.  Not the best outdoor ambiance since it overlooks the parking lot.笑
Ecuadorian on Italian (I think)... Today I wanted Itailian Food without the Italian 'tude, if you know what I mean and knew I would be safe here... This was my first Lunch here, I've been a few times for Dinner and it is always a five star experience... Really I never think of this as a Lunch place... NOW I will remember it is a Lunch place, it's a Deal, it's a Steal, if fact I do not want to tell you so I can keep my table! 

Most of the pasta is made In-House and you can tell...This Bread Tastes like it is made In-House!  The Sauce I Chose today was Bolognese, their version has Beef, Veal and Pork and is NOT Creamy YAY!!!  Lasagna - I'm unable to read menus more than a few words long... Cheese Browned on top, thin layers on flat Pasta, thin layers of Cheese and MEATY Bolognese!

Sit down and they bring you the most unique version of Pesto I have seen... More than half Olive Oil the rest you know about : Pinenuts, Basil, Parmesan and maybe some Garlic, though just a little... Thin Bread sticks and Thick DENSE Bread that makes me want to visit a Bakery that makes it like this!!! (Yelpers tell me of a Bakery that does Bread like this - PLEASE)!

Lemon Sorbet for Dessert!  Very Nice!  Wish I knew how to photograph it!

Zagat Rated 2012, 2013

Service is always GREAT!!! No Italian 'tude!!!

Three Italian places left to review before I move to Raleigh... Today it was Fiamma笑
We have been dining here for the last 8 years or so and it was our favorite restaurant in Charlotte. We recommended it to everyone we knew. However, the quality of this experience is quickly going downhill. Our last 2 visits were not up to par. I will excuse you 1 time, but last night showed me that they are cutting corners...and the restaurant is showing the result - it was not full as usual...declining popularity. Last night we ordered the Capressi Salad and it was inexcusably bad. Buffalo mozzarella medallions and 3 ice cold slices of a tasteless tomato. Every chef knows that you don't chill a tomato. These were ice cold. There was nothing else to it...not one slice of roasted pepper. I always order the OSSO BUCCO. The size of the portion has shrunk dramatically. I was done eating in a matter of a minute or two. It used to be so huge that you couldn't finish it and could take some home.A huge disappointment instead of a huge lamb shank! Shame on you Fiamma. If I am dropping $250 on dinner, I expect to be fed. No longer going to recommend this place and that makes us sad. I guess it was a good run! So long dear friend Fiamma. You are thinking more about your profit than your customers and that is the kiss of death in the restaurant business.笑
3.5

We spent a lovely Mother's Day dinner at Fiamma last weekend.  There were 11 of us so it was a "tall order" to handle our table but we were overall pleased with our experience.

The bread and pesto served prior to the main meal made me very happy.  Although I prefer more "true" Italian bread (crispy crust for one thing), this certainly did the trick for the hungry hippos at our table.  I think I actually saw my father in law licking the pesto bowl.  The pesto was very good.  Like I mentioned, the bread was a little "doughy" but it was ok.

They had a few specials in addition to the limited "mother's day menu" and the waitress, who wasn't very "expressive" did seem to light up a bit when sharing the Chillean Seabass dish.  She described that it was pan-seared, cooked in olive oil and lemon, seasoned lightly and served with spaghetti squash, pesto and asparagus.  If I'm honest, I think it was the word "pesto" that sold me.  I was sitting there on a pesto high so I'm sure all I could think about was more pesto.  However, I asked her about the seabass because I don't recall every trying it before.  I asked if it was mild because that is the only way I can eat fish.  She assured me it was mild, not flaky but more of a buttery texture and one of her favorite dishes on the menu.  SOLD!  Even my mom, sitting beside me was sold!  I was so excited because I just KNEW my dish was going to be way better than everyone else's!!

Wellll.....Let's just put it this way....I SMELLED my dish coming before I saw it.  It was placed in front of me and I thought I was going to gag.  The smell of fish was so strong I could actually taste it in my mouth before ever taking a bite.  The others at my table were disgusted and confused and of course making fun.  Long story short, both my mom and I tried it and it tasted like old, rank, nasty, bottom of the sea, seabass.  The owner was so lovely and quickly came and took our dishes and offered us something else to eat.  I went with the gnocchi which was served in a creamy tomato sauce and with sausage.  The sauce was skimp but the dish was overall delightful and pretty filling.  Others at the table were pleased with their veil, linguini, salmon, etc.  

The service was so-so and the food was decent.  They offer a lot and the prices are reasonable I would say.  It would be a great date spot on a "regular" evening.  Although I have been personally scarred from ever eating seabass again, I am sure some of their other seafood dishes are good.笑
Fiamma serves incredible food and provides very welcoming and inviting service. The atmosphere can suit a celebration, gathering of friends, or a romantic dinner for two. This is one of the best restaurants that no one talks about.笑
I was here for Charlotte Restaurant Week this past time around.  I really enjoyed the place when we walked in.  Everyone was very friendly, and the restaurant was pretty empty which made me wonder a little.  Soon enough the whole place was full though.

The bread and pesto was great.  The server also did a great job of explaining everything and I liked the options on the menu.

I ordered the scallop for the appetizer.  I really enjoyed the dish but thought there might have been more then one scallop. The part that came with the scallops was AMAZING...I can't remember exactly what it was, some type of cauliflower puree or mashed.  Whatever it was, it was amazing.

I enjoyed the palate cleansers between meals, always a nice touch.

I got the fillet for my main dish.  It looked really good only they brought the side on a different plate which I thought was a weird presentation.  The filet was very good, cooked really well and the sauce was great with it.  The mashed potatoes were kind of a dissapointment only because i loved the puree on the appetizer so much.  I was not impressed with the collard greens either.  I don't normally like them anyways but they did not look very good and didn't seem very warm.

The dessert was AMAZING!

I was overall very impressed with service and everything.  It does get a little loud when it is full though so if you are trying to have an intense conversation I would ask to sit somewhere away from the bar area.