THE BEST! So good! A surprise! Who knew next to a strip club that such a great sushi restaurant would be found!?!Ǿ
As a connoisseur of sushi throughout the world, I was blown away by the quality, presentation and over the top taste that I experienced at this restaurant. The artistic presentation of the sushi was the best I have seen anywhere as this is an art, not a science. I cannot recommend this restaurant more strongly and look forward to returning on my next trip back to Las Vegas.Ǿ
Hey guys. Just wanted to let everybody know. I just found out tonight that the New Grand Opening Is Now On The 13th of August. 
No longer the 6th. Now on the 13th. See you all there!!!!!Ǿ
Got there the first day at 4:30 am and service was excellent the food was amazing, thx Bruce for letting us eat even you guys already closed. Try the soft shell crab!Ǿ
Food was awesome, and service was great. New place always has a few kinks to work out, but this place is here for the long run. Definitely coming back.Ǿ
My fiancee and I ate here back in June on my birthday. Every single part of my meal was exquisite and delicious. The ambiance was perfect. We were really lucky to find this place in Vegas. This is the best place to go for sushi in Vegas.Ǿ
the food was amazing and the ambiance exceptional! by far one of the best sushi joints in Vegas! The menu is simple and easy to read. The quality of the food makes up for the average sushi pricing. The service was great, and the sushi chefs were amazing! I will definitely come back to this place and recommend it to my friends and family!Ǿ
Had an excellent time here...the food was wonderful and the staff very friendly and accommodating. Great atmosphere as well...will definitely visit again next time I'm in Vegas. Highly recommended, you won't be disappointed!Ǿ
Been searching for the best sushi in town since I moved to Vegas two years and ran across Yellow Fin this weekend (saw other 5 star reviews on Yelp)...this is an amazing find!! The best non-tourist sushi place in town by far, great service, and ambiance. Don't let the Sapphire Club next door scare you away, this place is definitely off the beaten path....but, we'll be going back often. I've had sushi all over Las Vegas....on and off the strip, this is easily the best sushi bar off the strip and goes head to head with other top rated sushi bars on the strip. Yellow Fin beats all others for price, quality and service. Don't miss out, if you love great sushi and sashimi this is the place for you. The cooked dished are great too!! A fun place with tasty food, you can't beat it.