Super gross restaurant. All dishes and cutlery and cups are so gross and dirty it makes you think they never wash them. 
Won't recommend and won't go back. 
Really filthy.笑
The food was good,  served warm.  Portions  were good.  The atmosphere  was nice too.  A bit too "groups oriented"  though.  It was pricey: 110$ for 2. I mean come on! Service was ok.  Nothing out of the ordinary.笑
Today is not the first time I ate here, but very disappointed . I invited my best firend to come here to eat.The waitress makes mistake on our orders. At the end, she put 15% tips on the machine by herself without asking our permisstion. We felt very weird...Finally she didn't say any thing to us even a " goodbye".This is the first time I see this kind of waitress around the country. Won't come back again!                                                           Aujourd'hui est pas la première fois que je mangeais ici, mais très déçu. Je invité mon meilleur firend de venir ici pour eat.The serveuse fait erreur de nos commandes. A la fin, elle a mis 15% des conseils sur la machine en elle-même sans demander notre permisstion. Nous nous sentions très bizarre ... Enfin, elle n'a pas dit quelque chose à nous même un "au revoir" .C'est la première fois que je vois ce genre de serveuse à travers le pays. Ne reviendra pas à nouveau!笑
We went back here once again after having received a gift certificate. It served to reinforce my previous comment:

"High prices and only slightly above average food = low QPR IMHO"

I've heard that the brunch is better though, but I certainly won't be going back to try. Not my cup of tea.笑
It's a chain restaurant so it's what you would expect from most chains.....not that exciting. The setting is nice though. Food is very average.笑
I can't imagine imagine in what scenario I give a buffet 4 or 5 stars, but of buffets I've been to, this is one of the better ones and easily the best at this price point. At $35 a head ($15 for our kids) I wouldn't call it cheap, but considering the number of well done options I say it's fair and we had real value for our money. Eggs benedict (meat & salmon), waffle/crepe bar, several pastas, mussels, oysters, calamari, prime rib. You won't find culinary excellence in any of the food. Service was great and while I won't be telling any of my friends you have to try this buffet, I'd have no reservations about going back.笑
Place was great option for new years.. service was very nice and hospitable .. food options were kinda limited but it's expected due to new years.
Loved the chicken and calamari... a great experience in Montreal would recommend it to all. .

Definitely a place would go back to it again..笑
Tried different appertizers. 
Muscles, Calamari, chicken wings etc...everything was delicous. Very nice interior decor. Large space. Bring your own wine concept. Will definitely recommend A+笑
Good food, especially steaks. Bringing your wine makes the place more attractive!笑
Nice meal with business associates, this place was quite busy for a Thursday night.  This is a BYOW, bring your own wine place.  Several tables did bring in a bottle for their meal.  The bread and salad was very average.  I ordered a veal dish served with mushrooms and sauce, it was good, very rich flavor.笑
We were celebrating a birth-day for my 60 year old sister. We were 23 people. When I made the reservation I was asked to choose between 2 dinner times, either 17h30 or 21h. I chose 17h30 because we had several older people that did not like eating too late. I was told at time of reservation that there may be another group reserving at 21h so we would have to leave at 20h45 if that was the case. I was told to call the morning of the day we were to go for supper to inquire if there was a group reservation. I called and spoke with ----bella. She said there was a group of 26 coming in at 21h but it was OK. They could work around this and we did not have an hour to leave.I verbally confirmed with her, I said , so we don't have to leave at 21h. She said, no, don't worry about it, we will manage. Well, when we were sitting down, our waitor said, don't forget, you have to leave at 21h as we have a reservation coming in.I told him , oh please go see ----bella as I confirmed with her this morning that it was OK, we could stay and you would manage. He went to see her and came back to the table with her. She said, (beleive it or not) right to my face, I never said that. I told you that you would have to leave at 21h. I said, you're kidding right, you told me this morning there wasn't a problem, I could stay as you guys would manage. She looked me right in my eyes and just lied. She was very obnoxious and we argued there in front of all my family for a good 5 to 7 minutes. She really wanted to show everyone who was the boss. I had to tell her to just go....please go. Then we had to wait about 45 minutes for the server to come get our order and then another 45 minutes to be served. All around terrible service. The food, however, was very good. Our bill with tip, $118.00 and we brought our own wine.A piece of cake was $10.00.....I've been to Portovino on the north shore and it was excellent all the way. This one at dix30 in Brossard, well, you judge for yourself. Please write your comments. People have to know. I couldn't beleive I brought 27 people to this horrible restaurant. Like I said, the food was good but if they make you feel like your worth nothing, there are plenty of other restaurants to visit.笑
Clients réguliers depuis le début chez Portovino, nous devenons de plus en plus déçus de l'exagération des prix et surtout des EXTRAS! Notre ami choisi un steak à $40 l'assiette et demande une sauce, on lui dit que c'est un extra, il accepte, la facture arrive et on lui facture $7 pour sa sauce!!!!! Vraiment c'est exagéré! Je veux bien croire que c'est un apportez votre vin mais je crois que ça devient de l'abus...
Bien triste car on adore leur nourriture et la variété :(
Je crois qu'ils devraient reviser leur prix au menus et aussi le prix des extras!
Prendre en compte l'opinion de leurs clients serait profitable pour la réputation de Portovino笑
Been here once and 3 times in Montreal. The restaurants do offer a very nice ambience but as for food I wouldn't say it is the best. Everything is pre-made except the meats. I find it very expensive for what you actually get and for the quality. As other reviewers said about the double seating I do agree with the restaurant. My family owns a BYOB in Lachine and you sometimes get a table of 4 or 6 that sits for more than 4 hours. On a business side you actually loose money with customers like that especially at a BYOB. If the clients are sitting and buying drinks then fine but when they decide to have a meeting and take up a table it's bad for business. But if the hostess said that they would be fine to stay and not leave by 21:00 then they should honor it and I don't agree with that...笑
Super , vraiment.

L'endroit est bien situé dans le quartier 10/30, tout près du SAIL. La déco est superbe, l'endroit semble pouvoir accueillir de grands groupes au 2e étage. J'étais déja venue une fois pour le brunch et c'était vraiment sublime. Le choix des buffets était gigantesque. ( crêpes flambées, omelettes, charcuteries, fromages, fruits, fontaine de chocolat, etc.)

Le soir, c'est un restaurant apportez votre vin qui sert de la bouffe italienne, des viandes et des poissons. Le service est rapide et souriant. On nous présente les viandes et de poisson sur une plaque en bois pour qu'on puisse bien voir la portion et la pièce qui nous sera servie. Ca donne une très bonne idée, et ça donne vraiment envie d'y goûter ! C'est très vendeur !!

Le steak était bon, mais le homard moins. J'y retournerais sans contredits.笑
Un peu loin pour moi mais en vaut le détour.
Je suis aller pour le dimanche de pâque et par exception il y avait un large buffet ce jour la pour une occasion spécial.
Aller des fruits de mer aux viandes, salade, omelette faite personnaliser, aux fromages, fontaine de chocolat, macarons, truffes et en plus finir... Tout était délicieux et bien penser pour tous. Un bel endroit à aller pour vos occasions spécial ou juste pour un repas qui vous marquera. 
Propre et le service est très efficace et agréable, le personnel et les cuisiniers sont très attentions aux besoin du client.