Okay I get that this is a sports bar, but this place was literally so cacophonous I could not enjoy my meal, let alone talk to the people I was sitting with. The place has so many televisions with the volume on it is overwhelming. I have eaten at many sports bars and was still able to enjoy my meal at a reasonable volume, but definitely not here. Then they had the local PA going on top of it all for their trivia. I clearly chose a bad night to come in.

The food was pretty good. Not the best I have ever had or anything but for a sports bar, it exceeded my expectations. There were a lot of appealing options on the menu and I had a hard time deciding--good sign. 

The desserts were 'meh'. Average. Not terrible but nothing to write about. 

I would eat their food again, but the atmosphere was jarring and unpleasant. For a sports bar with good food, one might think to make it a bit more tolerable for meal-goers.Ǿ
The best sports bar in North Scottsdale and possibly the entire city of Scottsdale.  Great food, check...  Great drinks, check...  Great service, check...  Great telivised game selection, check...  All of this, plus excellent outdoor seating options (tables and couches) and it never gets too hot with the misters.  Not a rarity to see Oregon fans, UCLA, Green Bay fans, Washington Fuskies, Pittsburgh Steelers and obviously the local teams of the Cardinals and ASU.Ǿ
Great idea...  executed poorly.  I have not eaten there so I cannot comment on the food.  HOWEVER, I can comment on a few simple things the managers should know how to handle.

1)  The bar tender GAVE my debit card to another customer.  My wife and I had to call and cancel our card right there at the establishment.  The bar tender did NOT comp us anything and said that she would call me when the other customer came back for his card.  SHE NEVER CALLED.  I WENT BACK TWICE LOOKING FOR MY CARD AND ALL THEY COULD SAY WAS.... WE DON'T HAVE YOUR CARD.  What they SHOULD have done was... first, comped my entire tab!  Second, called me at least once and kept me in the loop on WHERE MY CARD WAS!

2)  When we went back a second time with friends, the place had all of the bar doors open to the patio including the garage doors during the winter.  My wife and several others in our party were freezing.  We finished one round and left.

My suggestion....  fire your floor manager.  WHY?  If they cannot see that EVERY GUEST in your place is wearing a jacket in doors, then they do not know how to manage a restaurant/bar!  

I HATE IT when people that do not know how to open and run a restaurant do just that.  If you cannot train your managers to handle people's credit cards or keep the place warm (at least room temp), then you need to run the place yourself.  You will fail...  That is unfortunate because we need a great place to hang out, watch the game, and shoot some pool in DC Ranch.

MikeǾ
Great place to get some food and watch a game (or games). There are tons of large screen TV's up on the wall and the booths (15 or so of them) have their own TVs. The outdoor patio is really nice and surrounded by a quiet, peaceful area and there are also TVs out there so it's the best of both worlds. 

The menu is good - standard bar fare but done better. I had the vegetarian black bean burger which was giant and very filling. The patty was just okay, but all the toppings and cheese on top was flavorful. My fiance had the bbq burger and liked it a lot. The french fries are bomb - shoestring fries with soft insides and crispy outsides. Prices are about $10-12/burger. They have some drink and food specials on Sunday for football, which is nice.

Since O'Donoghues down the street closed, this is the best sports bar in terms of number of TVs and good food left in the area.Ǿ
Good, not great, not bad is the theme of this place.

It's good if you're looking for decent happy hour prices and food. Nothing outstanding, but nothing to really complain about. 

Tons of TV's to watch whatever sports are on, although one time when we were there, the guide was stuck on one TV, and it was all of the pay-per-porn channels, which was hilarious. 

Good happy hour prices and a good beer selection. The food has ranged from boring to pretty good. Nachos, totally lame- chips, tons of cheese, a few grilled onions, and about 4 hunks of chicken. However, the salads I've had were really good- lots of ingredients and flavor and good portions. And the sandwiches were great choices, too. 

The atmosphere- great if you have kids, which is odd for a place with good happy hour deals and tons of TV's. We brought our babe and it was surprisingly appropriate because just about every table had kids. But if you're looking for a young, fun, happening happy hour spot, this isn't it. Unless throwing back some milk is your poison.Ǿ
I was excited that (yet) another restaurant opened in this location. It's convenient and a beautiful spot, yet it seems to have an invisible revolving door, so you never know what will be there from month to month (or so it seems). 

Since West Addison is so new, I have to give a lot of leniency for working out the kinks. It's inevitable and forgivable. That being said, I promise to return and give them a second shot down the road... if they are still open.

I agree with most of the kid-related comments below. What are you? Bar or family restaurant? Even if you are a family restaurant, come on people, wrangle your offspring. Our generation was not brought up that way. If we were lucky enough to be taken out to eat, we were expected to behave properly. So true, Nick S., this is not Chuck E Cheese. 

But I digress. As of this writing, the restaurant is just OK. The food was fine. The wine was over-priced, tiny pours (though I do like the stemless glasses), and the waitress had zero ZERO! personality. We observed some of the other servers around us and they all were personable, friendly, helpful... we were jealous. Ours sucked. I don't remember her name but she had short blonde hair and never smiled once. Not once.  

The environment is super loud. Perhaps because of the low-ceiling area in the back, where we sat. (Up front has high, vaulted ceilings.) Perhaps because of the drunken cougars at the next table. Or because of the maniacal children running around, screaming. Hard to say. If I give this place another shot, I'll bring a jacket (it was chilly that night) and sit on the patio. Less rugrats, cooler, quieter. And the nice waitress was working the patio!Ǿ
I love the food! But everytime I get food from there they are not the most pleasant people. I work in the service industry and know what its like to be around a-holes, but sometimes you have to put on your happy place and be excited people are coming in. I will still frequent I just hope they are nicer in the future.Ǿ
Ok food, if cooked as asked. I ordered Philly cheesesteak, no onions, peppers on side. Came out with onions. Sent it back, came back with no onions and no cheese. I mentioned it to our waitress and she said, yes there is. There wasn't. Just mayo. She asked if I wanted her to take it back. I just said no, just bring me the cheese. She had an attitude the rest of our visit. My friend had the pulled pork. It was wonderful. I only ate two bites of my cheesesteak. Waitress never offered to take it off the bill, and no manager ever stopped by the table. Could be a 5 star with better service, or at the minimum, an apology.Ǿ
I really wanted to like this place.  I live nearby and I was excited when I saw this location was finally going to be occupied and with a "tavern" like restaurant as well.  Unfortunately, after three visits, I will not be going back.  There are just way too many other options that are better and not as frustrating.

The good:
Location (under a mile from my home, good parking, etc)
Design (large interior, plenty of TVs, fun stuff to do (video games, etc) 
Beer selection (lots of beers available - not just the Bud, Miller, etc. crap)
Reasonable prices (esp with 20% off DC Ranch loyalty card)

The bad:
Service (pretty bad every time. The servers are nice enough but totally inexperienced and kind of clueless). It's a bar people - it shouldn't take that long for you to come over and ask me if I want a drink!  Also, offer me a glass with my bottle of beer. Maybe I want it or maybe not - but please ask.  Finally, don't hold the bottle or glass where I will be putting my mouth.  I thought that was "server 101" stuff)
Music (way too loud for my taste - although this is a personal thing).  I also hate country.
Food (well, not bad but nothing exciting either)

Overall, my biggest frustration is with the service.  I just don't get how mgmt can let a new place open - knowing the first experience is what will determine whether people return - and staff the place with all new servers!  It's just bad business.  They have a seasoned staff right next door.  Take one or two of those people and ask them to oversee / train the new staff until things are running smoothly.  I just don't have any patience for bad management.Ǿ
Decent beer selection and an alright bar menu make this place worth checking out for a game. TVs are located at every booth. My favorite dish here has to be the roasted half chicken with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.Ǿ
If I didn't work near DC Ranch I wouldn't have known this place even existed. Now that I know, I'm in. Love the patio and that fact that I can bring my dog with me. In fact, one of the bartenders got his dog through me (I work in animal rescue). Anyway, I've had the tacos, chicken strips and some others but I'm mostly in it for the cold beer, watching games and talking sports with the bartenders. Good group and I also like doing some day drinking here.Ǿ
I have been in here a few times with my husband...We keep coming back for the sweet potato tater tots.  Food is great, atmosphere is great, service however, is inconsistent. Sometimes slow, no personality and once we waited over 10 minutes for someone to even say hello.  Why did we wait? I don't know... Most recently there this past weekend...ask for Maurine, fun to talk to and great service.Ǿ
Just picked up food from there. They forgot one order of meatloaf so i waited 5 minutes for them to bring that out, then when we got home they had forgotten the veggie burger. When i called up to let them know i spoke with joe the manager he said he said " we got slammed with a bunch of tables and he would go put the order in" then hung up on me. most managers apologize and try to make it up for screwing up an order being that one person has to eat 20 minutes after everyone else. But Joe probably came from managing a taco bell. Will never go again and would not recommend to anyone.Ǿ
From reading previous reviews it probably does not come as a shock that the service was NOT GOOD.  The staff, including the manager were playing darts and pool, which kind of threw me off.  Our server did not know that there were specials on Sunday, which is the main reason we drove there.

With that said the food was awesome and we loved the atmosphere!  I will definitely be back to watch a game or grab some appetizers and drinks at there happy hour.Ǿ
This is a great place to grab a good drink and watch any game. The atmosphere is sports bar with a touch of sophistication. Staff is friendly and prompt. Food is above average and worth going back for. My favorite unique item is the half pound corn dog. The batter they use is exceptionally good. This is currently my favorite sports bar on N Scottsdale.Ǿ
Best tv coverage of games in area.   Good happy hour. But food and drink selection could be improved. The area has a higher expectation of quality.  I'm concerned the selection will keep business downǾ
Great atmosphere. 
HORRIBLE food and service.
Warm sodas for kids.
Chewy burnt chicken strips, cold french fries.

Our waitress was a gum smacking youth who couldn't care less 
about service.

And to top it off, they propped open the back door so those of us
inside could choke over the cigar smoke that blew indoors.
One of us got up to shut it as other table's thanked us.

This place won't last.
Food is nasty.
And for $9 you get EXACTLY 6 little ounces of wine.
Pathetic.Ǿ
Much needed casual place in DC Ranch. Service is great with energetic servers. Food is below average, but about meets expectations for a bar (Zipps has much better burgers). Munchies like chili fries, onion rings etc are good and so are the salads. Burgers were dry, the meat loaf sandwich was tasteless and the tacos on their advertised taco Tuesday were horrible. I will continue to go back for the convenience,atmosphere and the bar type finger foods. Do not go if you want anything better than a less than average meal. If you want a place for beer, munchies, friends and a game it is a good choice.Ǿ
I was pretty excited to go here, especially after seeing it is an 'U of A bar' for alumni. After sitting down with some friends, we waited more than 40 minutes until we had to go ASKED to be served. It fits in with DC Ranch, over-priced drinks and food, service sucks, although I did like the environment. Agreeing with other reviewers, I couldn't decide if its a bar or a family restaurant. After we got the servers attention, she was nice and kind to all. I still had trouble figuring out what took her so long for her to notice us, since there was only about 10 other people in the place.Ǿ
First I live in the area and was excited when this place first opened.  A casual, family oriented sports bar to hang out in.......ok great great concept.  I've been to West Addison about 10 times.  It's easy.  However.....it's not good.  The  staff is painfully slow...whether you are getting a drink or waiting for food.  Does it take an hour to grill a cheese burger?

My main complaint though.......there is always a drunk at the bar who has been over served.  Well not always...just about half of the times I've been there. Drunk to the point of being disruptive to the other patrons and often profane so..there goes the kid friendlly part of this concept.  The bartender over serves, and there is no management in sight.  Until you the patron complain more then once to get the drunk to shut up or leave.  Seriously, its a lawsuit waiting to happen.  Over serving(people who are way over the legal limit), bad drunks, bad service(the staff is over their depth) , no management control.  I'd pass.  Not that fun of an evening.  Keep your kids away from this placeFargol.Ǿ
This place is exactly what Market Street and the DC Ranch area needed. This is a great place to catch a game, quick bite, gather with friends or have dinner with the family. 

The food is great and the staff is friendly. I think this place will stick around longer than many Market Street tenants - it's simple, inviting and provides a much needed atmosphere.Ǿ
Sweet potato tater tots were the highlight of our visit, well that and Odell IPA.  Happy Hour deals weren't exactly a bargain at $6 each, because regardless of regular price they're only $6 during happy hour - yet many are $6 or $7 normally.  I know, I know it's an upscale part of North Scottsdale but if that's the metric we're using, then my score should be a bit lower overall.  It's a very ordinary sports bar, food just ok, service was a bit slow too (even when not busy).  We were served different beers in differing glasses, and it appears as though some are the fake-pints that have the extra thick glass base at the bottom (you're not getting the full16 oz.).  I hope their profit margin was sufficiently enhanced from saving that 2 oz., because this is one customer that won't be a repeat one.Ǿ
The food is only a one star. It's usually burnt when you get it. The service is two stars. Slow service even when not busy. A lot of TV's and great interior. I just wish the owners would bump up food and service.Ǿ
I enjoyed my time here. The bartenders gave great service and I thought the foodwas good. I don't know why people are complaining, it's a sports bar! Expect bar food, haha. We had happy hour drafts for $4 I think and the selection was good.Ǿ
had a great burger and fresh guacamole. would definely recomend for a game or for some late night drinks.Ǿ
Pet friendly patio! We've come here for Mutt 'N' Mingle for the past two months and I always appreciate when restaurants allow well-behaved dogs outside. 

As for their happy hour food, the prices aren't stellar. I mean, I enjoyed their onion rings well enough, but I felt like $6 is pretty much normal price at most bars. But a $3 draft Guinness? That's nothing to sniff at! 

They have TVs EVERYWHERE- behind the bar, along the walls, inside each of the booths... If there's a game on, you can watch it. They have a nice looking pool table and a small shuffleboard table ("Not regulation size!" my friend would chastize) and a burger I can't wait to try (The Terminator - bacon, avocado and havarti. Helloooo, yum). The price tag might be a little higher, but it's a nice place.Ǿ
I am an F&B industry person and it literally hurts my heart to give a 2 star; however, I am rating based on my experience and HOPE that management takes that into account to improve quality and service. And honestly, I would rate 1 star on food but the service made up for the bad experience. 

Celebrating mother's day weekend, I was looking for a casual place to have lunch and enjoy some shopping.  I have my favorite dining spots but wanted to try something different.  West Addison at DC Ranch seemed like a good decision but was unfortunately wrong.  

My BF and I sat at the bar since it was literally empty.  That's cool, I like personalized service! No complaints on that.  I ordered the Tuna Salad and my BF ordered the Napa Salad.  We also ordered the guacamole.  1st of all, the guac was watery and brown.  It is on the menu as "fresh" but I find it hard to believe.  It had ice chips in it and I am pretty sure it came out of a Costco tub or the like.    So for my salad, my "seared" ahi tuna also came out brown and literally frozen.  YUCK! The bartender tells me that they premake and fridge the tuna daily.  Sorry, when it comes to raw I prefer made to order and special guidelines apply.  It was horrible and I sent it back.
The Napa salad that my BF ordered was not very significant at all.   The pulled chicken was good and I liked the flavor of the dill ranch but other than that is was just a bed of lettuce.

Biggest waste of $35 dollars I have spent in a long time.  Good for a drinking spot but the kitchen needs a lot of work!Ǿ
The is a large restaurant / sports bar in DC Ranch. The food is above par but the service is a little slow (especially for such a dead night). I like the pool table and I'll guess on game day they really pack em' in. I shall return for another try after the summer ends.Ǿ
This is an unknown little joint but has a cool atmosphere when it occasionally gets packed. I always head down for thier Taco tuesdays where u can get any types of tacos for 2$. Great deal!Ǿ
Came here for St. Patty's Day with a group of friends for St. Patty's Day.  The promo advertised free cotton candy, face painting, snow cone, balloons for the kids.

When we got there, ther were already a ton of kids there and all the families looke like they were having a good time.  There was a live band playing creating a lively atmosphere.

The area was enclosed so it was great to mingle with my friends while the kids played and ran around.  We were able to order food right from the outdoor grill.  And the food was served up promptly and quickly.

The 'family' portion of the party ended at 7pm so we left at 6:30pm.  When we left, the place was still plenty crowded and more people were still arriving.

West Addison advertised a fun time for all and they delivered~ we had so much fun!!Ǿ
I've been to West Addison a few times. This restaurant/bar is right next to the Armitage Restaurant. Addison & Armitage are two street names in Chicago. You might remember the scene in the Blues Brothers when the state troopers and the Illinois Nazi were camped outside Wrigley Field, home of the Chicago Cubs, looking for Jake & Elwood Blues. That's because Elwood put down 1060 West Addison on his driver's license as his home address.

So with a name like West Addison I'm figuring this is a Chicago place....NOT! Why do they have a picture of the legendary Green Bay Packer's coach Vince Lombardi instead of displaying the beloved papa bear George Halas? My wife and I were watching the Chicago Bulls play the Raptors and all of a sudden the game was switched to the NY Knicks game, WTF. BTW, they had about 3 other games on as well. Why did you pick to turn off DA BULLS? Got some lame excuse from the waitress, complete FAIL.

Enough about the ambience and on to the food. On past visits I have had the ribs which were good but not great. I really love the sweet potato tatar tot appetizers, simply amazing. The nachos are substandard and the wings are ok. I enjoyed their burgers. But I really love their chicken strips on the appetizer menu which comes with waffle fries, this is only $6 during 3-7pm happy hour.Ǿ
This is a sports bar, not chuck-e-cheese.  Too many kids, more importantly too many inattentive parents. God, are they in a vacuum? Food good, service good, if you want a game without screaming kids, go elsewhereǾ
Great beer selection.  Decent bar food.  If you like TVs, you're gonna love this place.Ǿ
Let me start by stating that I have only been to this restaurant once, which is why I have not given five stars.  Meaning, that I have not had the opportunity to determine whether the food and service that I experienced is now consistent, or consistently better than the prior reviews listed here.

To my fellow Yelpers here, I am sorry, I completely disagree with your expectations that a restaurant is responsible for the behavior of the children frequenting it.  The restaurant should be rated on what is in its control.  I do not work, nor have ever actually worked, in a restaurant, but I am able to recognize how difficult it would be for a restaurant Manager/Owner to comment on the behavior of the children of their patrons without offending them and losing them as customers altogether.

I attended a networking event at this restaurant last night and was quite pleased.  I love the bar.  But it is not a Legends or a Zipps, and that is why I love it.  It is not a bar for the guy who wears his team jersey around town, but rather the guy who just wants to have a beer and watch a game after work with a colleague or a friend.

The Staff was incredibly friendly, the food was good, and the drinks kept coming, so I was happy.  Now, could they have been on their best behavior for us?  Possibly.  But I am glad that they WANTED to be on their best behavior for us.Ǿ
This was a fun place to go, and the food was decent but nothing amazing. I'd like to go back and try something else.