Cozy spot to read or work or meet a pal or listen to the rain or simply drink coffee. Oftentimes the space is filled with people working away on their laptops and yet it doesn't feel like you're in a library. The cafe's cozy (most accurate adjective) ambiance overwhelms this which is a very good thing. The cold brew was just okay for a $4 - not very robust and just sort of average in taste. That aside, they always seem to be baking something incredibly delicious. At least so says my nose.笑
A visite with my friend to this very nice and new place yesterday for formal tea.

I was impressed with the atmosphere, the style of the place and the smell!

The guys were super nice with us and very pleasant all the way around.

I LOVED they played a short jingle for the formal tea when they brought it to our table, was so very fun! Their choice of food that accompanied our choice of tea (Earl Gray) was "sur la coche"! The yorkshire pudding with the gravlax salmon, the cucumer sandwiches, the scones! OMG, the scones were soooo good!!!! Freshly baked with jam and fresh cream... i could have ate a douzain on my own! But the best was yet to come with their small lemon cakes. 

I will FOR CERTAIN go back, bring friends with me and hope eveyone goes experience the formal tea and everything else they have to offer. 

Kudos guys, and see you again soon!笑
Very cute, small, somewhat noisy café (although it was pretty busy that Sunday). The place was nice and brightly lit, with a decent amount of comfortable seating areas and a good number of accessible outlets (yes!). I spent nearly an entire day there to study, I had a good time. We only had to pay before leaving, and they take your word for what you've purchased.

The food (veg grilled cheese, carrot cake, yorkshire pudding) and tea was pretty good, although not in any way astounding - but pretty overpriced. One mug of tea was 3.50$. The service was excellent, and everyone seemed very friendly and relaxed.笑
À toutes les fois que j'ai tentées d'y aller, la place et malheureusement replie de Laptop et il n'y avait pas place à s'assoir pour manger, alors nous avons dû partir. Je ne comprends pas comment les propriétaires font pour survivre si leur place est remplie de gens qui prennent seulement un café et passe des heures sur leur laptop. Je trouve cela dommage.笑
Adorable café.  Une nouvelle découverte pour bosser avec un bon café et un petit repas délicieux. J'ai goûté au grilled cheese au canard confit; une petite découverte délicieuse.  À la caisse, une petite fille faisait son stage d'école du primaire. Les propriétaires l'ont laissé prendre ma commande en lui indiquant comme faire un thé. Trop mignon. En fin d'après-midi c'est devenu assez achalandé et bruyant, donc plus une place pour discuter mais c'était assez tranquille le matin. Ce qui était bien: j'ai pu ouvrir un compte et payer à la fin. Ce qui était moins bien: la confusion sur ma facture ( me charger 2x la même chose) et aussi l'inquiétude d'un des employés que je parte sans payer malgré que je laissais tout mes effets personnels sur place avant de sortir dehors. Bref, c'était un peu insultant mais il a dû avoir des mauvaises expériences.笑
Came here with my friend for a late breakfast. We were actually on the way somewhere else, but could not resist to enter this little cafe because of how nice it looked from the outside. We were not disappointed when we went inside. 

The staff were friendly and smiling, and it looked like they were having fun working there! The place had a really good ambiance. The breakfast menu looked great. We ordered breakfast croissants, and they were of course really yummy. 

My friend and I were just supposed to have a quick coffee and croissant, but ended up staying there for hours because of their nice food (they were always baking or cooking something that smelled delicious!) and coffe, but also because they had the best.playlist.ever!! 

We will be back tomorrow!:)笑
From my understanding this is a newish coffee shop in the area.  The space is small but it is very cozy and welcoming.  On the day I came it provided a welcome escape from the cold and rainy weather outside.

Since I try to avoid caffeine later in the day I went for a cheddar apple scone and hot chocolate.  The apple cheddar scone was not so great.  It was a little tough and you could barely taste the cheddar.  I actually tasted the walnuts more than the cheese.  The hot chocolate though was on par with other cafes.  Next time I visit I will probably test out the coffee.  The barista also went around the cafe at one point and offered all the customers free apples which was a different and nice touch.笑
Was initially heading to le vieux velo for brunch until i realized I was walking down st zotique instead of beaubien. It was time for a blitz decision given the -28 windchill hitting me right in the face, so i walked into Brume dans mes Lunettes.  

I had the crêpe with gravlax, which consisted of a crêpe (thin French pancake) with an egg, gravlax, and cheese along with some roasted potatoes and a side salad. Also, I had a filter coffee, which i like black. 

Upon arriving, I was warmly greeted by the two friendly clerks, who were comfortable (and pleased) to go back and forth between English and French. 

The verdict: The crepe consistency and the filling-to-crepe ratio were both spot-on. I also really enjoyed the tangy salad dressing. The roasted potatoes were a little stale, but nothing that maple syrup couldn't take care off. Finally, the coffee was very smooth and served at an ideal temperature. 

I definitely recommend Brume dans mes Lunettes for brunch, although it seems that their specialty is afternoon tea, for which they offer three 'combos' made of a teapot along with traditional afternoon tea snacks such as cucumber sandwiches, scones, and lemon tarts.笑
T'was a somewhat rainy afternoon and the boo and I felt like it was a good time to venture out of the apartment and attempt to get some work done. Looked through my trusty list of "cafes to check out" and had La Brume marked down. A bonus was that it was somewhat near Marche Jean Talon so we could also drop by there on the way. 

After picking up a few apples at the market, we continued to La Brume. It seems close enough to the Metro but far enough from crazy foot traffic, allowing a better chance for an open table, which we easily found. The atmosphere is chill and bright, the artwork and decor are strategically placed, not too overwhelming but just sprinkled enough throughout to add plenty of visual interest. The music is lively but not too loud, and the staff are friendly. The place had a bit of a romantic feel to it as well (at least the couple making out across the room seemed to think so). 

We got a couple Cafe Americanos and shared a cheese scone, all of which were quite tasty. The scone was savory but not too dense, which I liked. The coffee was good enough to drink black. The internet was solid, there was a cute little restroom, and we got our work done without a hitch. 

If I was a local, I'd come here all the time. But next time I'm in the area and need a spot to chill and get some work done, I'll definitely come back!笑
Such a pleasant local coffee shop. It's quirky without being uncomfortable, with a very eclectic yet comfortable feel. The people who work here are bubbly without being obnoxious and are happy to suggest something or make something "your way." 

I only wish this hadn't been a stop in between stops on my adventure in this neighborhood. I could definitely imagine working here for many hours - as it seemed a lot of patrons were doing - or catching up with a friend. 

Instead, my husband and I downed two espressos in between errands at one of the tables outside. They really did the trick!笑
Went there on a Tuesday at 09am. Luckily we found available seating as we noted the place tends to fill up quickly. Cozy place to study, to meet a Friend for chitchat. People also came in and out for a order of coffee to go. 
We stayed from 09-1130, never felt pressured to leave. We went in thinking of ordering their regular menu but noted the sign indicating there is a high tea menu available. It was perfect for 2 people to share and it came with a full pot of tea, price of 30$ taxe included!
The funniest thing happened when our order arrived..... along with a loud voice via the speaker announcing its high tea time. Everybody looked at our table and clapped, which is a really funny concept. 
Really easy to find free parking on the street. 
Would definitely recommend the place and would return.笑
Le soleil se levait à peine et rentrait à gros rayons dans ce café, et j'ai été chaudement accueilli  par le barista qui jasait ouvertement avec une femme accoudée au bar. Une drôle de conversation que j'écoutais amusée. 
Bref, tout autour la déco est délicieusement à la mode voire hipster sans pour autant être dénuée d'âme (MERCI). Je m'assoyais dans ce petit recoin de vitrine où personne ne viendrait me déranger- j'avais besoin d'un cocon- tout en regardant passer les passants (c'est ce qu'ils font le mieux). J'étais CONFORTABLE à 200%. Et en plus mon café était vraiment bon. 

J'y suis retournée, un matin et il y avait en effet de la brume sur les vitres.笑
All your exes and their exes are probably here because there was something beautiful about them that you loved and this place is perfect for soothing beautiful hearts that are lost or looking for love, and it's perfect for first dates or work dates or healing hangs of other kinds as well. Everything except the art is quite perfect. Beautiful furniture, layout and light. Beautiful teas made for the Royal Family, and full tea service with scones if you like. Lemon poppyseed cake like my mom bakes. Hot lunch on the menu, plugs everywhere and free wifi. 

I didn't have the coffee because I'm happier wrapped around a mug of filter coffee usually, and my heart dropped a bit when I didn't see it on the menu but I asked anyway and the barista said they usually would, then half smiled and said "Americano won't cut it?" and I sighed and admitted that no, vraiement pas, and he agreed with my secret heart's opinion that this watery espresso is actually disgusting. Great validation.

Calm, beautiful, kindly spot with charming, soft-spoken, unpretentious staff who still make you feel you are in the best of hands. Already full fairly constantly from what I've seen, and with good reason.笑
My favorite coffee place for studying in the neighborhood! All baked goods are made freshly throughout the day filling the place with the best smells right from the oven. Their scones are amazing, they warm them and serve it with sour creme if you ask for it. 
The owner is absolutely fabulous and chatty and goes out if her way to make her customers feel welcome.笑
Aie essayé le menu  "high-tea" à l'anglaise avec deux jeunettes de 10 ans. Beau service de thé, plateaux 3 étages, scones etc... Y manquait juste Lady Grantham!!!  Tout était délicieux et le personnel très attentionné. On retournera!笑
Brightly lit by natural lighting, impressive tall ceilings, and a beautifully designed space, when you step in, you will find a remarkable english tea room with the allure of modern coffee shop that will certainly charm you!

The eclectic mix of glazed plywood counters, industrial tables, architects folding lights, wooden & steel draft stools, antique piano, buttoned chairs and tungsten lighting somehow all work well together. In addition to the esthetically pleasing surroundings, a lot of attention was paid to functionality including the availabilities of many conveniently located power outlets where you can plug and charge your laptop or mobile devices. The only odd thing about this place are the paintings - slightly disconnected.

I did stop by for a quick brew, made from Kittel coffee beans, which was okay but was served in unique looking jade like mugs. I also couldn't help noticing the homemade sweet and savory creations that came out of this tiny but well equipped kitchen (induction cooktops, mini convection oven, euro size dishwasher...). Everything is made on the spot except for the bread and croissants that come from Guillaume, a fabulous local bakery. 

This place is barely two months old and will continue to evolve. I'll definitely have to return to indulge in some of the cooking and the unavoidable and time-honored ritual of afternoon tea, complete with silver teapot, fine china, crustless cucumber sandwiches, and Yorkshire pudding -- all at an affordable price of 27$ for two -- amazing!

One question remains though: why is this place named "La Brume dans Mes Lunettes" - is it because the fog that builds up on eyeglasses when drinking a cup of coffee, is it because of the windows that steam up on chilly fall and winter days, or is it remnants memories of tormented past love stories that still linger?