Came here for dinner on a weeknight and ordered their $39.99 dinner with my group.  This price special did not include their seafood and filet mignon option.  Came with all their other cuts of meat and sides, which were black beans, rice, veggies, and plantains.

What's Hot
- Quality of food.  My group and I liked their bacon wrapped meat the best.  I think it's turkey?  Their sausage option is good, too.  My group liked their grilled pineapple the best!  If we could just get a whole grilled pineapple, that would've been awesome.  All their meats are tender.  The thing that sucks is that their meats are not all the same inside.  For example, some are lil more pink on the inside, which we preferred.
- Portions.  Good portions.  Their staff are attentive and ensure that you get to taste all their meats.  

What's Not
- Don't get their pork, which goes with their grilled pineapple.  It's dry.  Everyone in my group thought the pork was too dry.
- Their chicken still has the bone.  None of us at the table knew their chicken still had the bone.  It made it difficult to cut into and then eat.  It's not very user friendly, especially when you don't know it's in there.
- Their side options.  I've been to other Brazilian steakhouse restaurants where their sides were open in a salad bar layout.  Samba does specific side dishes and that's it.  You don't have additional options.  I don't like that.  I like having options.  

Final Answer
Would come back and worth it.  It's not the best Brazilian steakhouse restaurant I've been to.  But it's good and there aren't many in Vegas.笑
Dry. Moisture less. Tasteless. These are one of the few words to describe the meat here. I seriously needed to chug a cup of water after eating this.

The price is typical for a Brazilian statehouse but not worth it for this place.

Environmen: could have been better.笑
When you're in Vegas, you gotta embrace the tack sometimes. My dad and I had originally wanted to go to the Italian place that's also in the Mirage, but it was closed in Sunday, which is totally legit ANYWHERE ELSE, so we picked Samba instead. It seems like most restaurants within resorts have the same kind of design and structure as if they were truly street side, but not this place. It's kind of plunked down on a slightly raised level on the casino floor, which really can go either way. You hear and feel the energy and excitement of your surroundings, but sometimes you just want to focus on your dinner. 

The decor is kind of like a Cirque Du Soleil meets Denny's. A little cheesy and tacky, but not in a way that distracts you. It's definitely the place you take your older parents, but not necessarily your date. When I suggested this place to my dad, he of course immediately countered with that he didn't think he would eat $40 worth of food, but he totally did and he was totally happy. 

The food is great here and plentiful. Even if you opt for the lower tier, the cuts of meat are still tender, juicy and just amazing. The cocktails are also great, with fantastic sangria and caprinhina. It's a reasonable bill for what you're getting and you certainly won't leave hungry. Definitely worth it.笑
Ehhh the meat was really really bland. Needed their dipping sauces for all of their cuts. The salad was yummy, so were the sides... but was pretty hungover from the night before so my friend and I didn't end up eating much of anything... I really liked the rice and beans. And the cheese bread. That's pretty much it? It wasn't amazing, but it wasn't horrible.笑
My first time here and at a Brazilian steak place. It was a part of a package deal at the Mirage; you watch the Cirque due Soleil Beatles LOVE show and have dinner before or afterwards.  We made reservations for 5:15pm and saw the 7pm show.  I'm a slow eater with big eyes and a small stomach; I needed that much time to drink and eat everything included with the meal.  My eyes still wanted more of the honey coated beef that shredded off the skewer...oh so good!  

The restaurant is easy to find on the casino floor, TV sets nearby, if you're accompanied by a sports fanatic.   I love these classic establishments like the Mirage, not too big, not too small...quality, not quantity is more important.笑
This place is a definite no-go.  The steak is just bad.  In a city of great steakhouses, there is no excuse for such rubbery, bland, cheap steak.  The rest of the food is similarly disappointing.  And it's so overpriced!  Save yourself and go elsewhere, please.笑
A good Brazilian BBQ place at the Mirage and surprisingly not that expensive for Vegas ($39). All the meats were very good especially the turkey wrapped in bacon and the chicken with garlic bread. The bread they come out with prior to the meal was not that great .but the salads and sides were very good (the plantains being especially delicious). The waitress was a little slow with the service but the meat guys kept coming quickly with food. Definitely worth dining here.笑
Great place if you have a really huge appetite. 

Our group had reservations for Saturday night. We were seated immediately. Wait Service was very good. Our server was attentive and personable. 

We all chose the Rodizio experience which offers an unlimited tasting of the different meats. It was only a few dollars more than the ala carte meat dishes on the menu. A pitcher of Sangria and Brazilian Punch was ordered as well.  We were all satisfied with the food as it was tasty and immediately served. Our requests for certain meats were immediately served to us, no waiting. 

Overall, we had a great time and enjoyed our dining experience. Be forewarned as you should have a huge appetite to really enjoy what this restaurant has to offer.笑
Wow! What an awesome place! This was the first visit to a Brazilian Steakhouse! The atmosphere is fun especially since it's open to the casino. The service is great and very accommodating in explaining especially to first timers. The food is DELICIOUS! Loved the Bacon Wrapped Turkey and Beef. The side dishes are also good. Opted for the 39.00 selection and it was plenty. There is a 49.00 option with a few more options. The meat is brought around on skewers and the side dishes are served family style to the table. So glad we made the reservation and went. Loved it!笑
Maybe it was the company, but I had a wonderful time at this place. It's pretty cut and dry the meats were well cooked and marinated and the sides were fulfilling from the rice, creamed spinach to the salad. The drinks were great! Fun lively atmosphere since it's inside the casino area. I would definitely go here again. And yes, it always makes a difference who your dinner date is.笑
The Samba cracks me up. I love this place ......

Who thinks that walking into a steakhouse between two large bananas........ located just off the casino floor .......
is going to provide a gourmet brazilian experience????
It is the typical Vegas "over the top"  - "over blown" dining experience.

Comparing the Samba to a traditional Churrascaria experience -
is like comparing "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway to the Vegas production. 
The Vegas production is great - but it is a "VEGAS production." 
The Samba is fun but it is not really Churrascaria either ........
it is the Vegasized version ......

I love meat 
and this place provides you all the meat you can handle.

The side dishes are "interesting" - but they should not take you away from the real reason you are here - the meat.

I have been here four times and I am still not sure what to do with the creamed spinach  on the side ....
The drink selections are supurb ..... second only to the meat ! !

I love the waiters - they are gracious and accommodating ...
 
My son dined with me and not quite being twenty one orders a margarita. The waiter asks to see ID........ 
Andrew says "sure" and immediately pulls out his drivers license clearly stating he is not twenty one........
Waiter says thanks and brings him the drink ..... 
I love these guys

The price seems right for an evening of dining enjoyment.
The one thing that does surprise me is how you seem to be removed from the casino atmosphere when you are dining ....... even though the gaming is taking place only a short distance away.

The bananas at the door should give you a clue
Take the Samba for what it is - a "vegas production" and enjoy.
You will have a great time.笑
Went here for Restaurant Week 2014, this was our first stop. I have been to several Brazilian churrascaria/rodizo places and figured I should try this one. I don't care for on the strip locations but we wanted to go out and this was for a good cause. Now everyone who knows me knows I CANNOT eat a single meal without meat, steak is definitely my thing. We made a reservation through OpenTable and were seated promptly when we arrived. Our server was very nice but did not explain the rodizio process(good thing we've done this a time or two) Overall dinner was pretty good, my mom had a harder time as she only like well-done(and I mean like leather purse done) but all in all we may return.笑
Don't come here for the real thing...this place doesn't hold a candle up to the likes of Fogo de Chau.  Come here to have a relatively affordable, all-you-can-eat meal with lots of okay meat and sides, and some pretty potent drinks.  The waiters are not trained in the service of the true Brazilian Steakhouse; they are just bringing you whatever becomes available from kitchen.  Our group especially enjoyed the flank steak, the salted sirloin, the sangria and the citrusy caipirinhas.笑
solid fare for the exceptionally lazy over-eater.  not up for the walk to and from the buffet line?  no worries, the buffet comes to you, or at least the carving stations do.  the meats ranged from succulent and amazing to desiccated and gnarly (but hey, it's all you can eat - just set that gross rib aside and wait til new, fresh ones come out).  i loved the plantains, but i love all plantains, and i love sweet foods in a savory meal.  the cheesy biscuits were also good, and required restraint - must save room for meat was the general philosophy here.  the service was attentive, and the drinks were tasty, though not particularly strong.  i'd rather eat on the cheap (as much as that's possible in vegas) and splurge at fogo de chao in one of its multiple locales for a more inspired and satisfying churrascuria experience.笑
I LOVE this restaurant. Every time I'm in Vegas, I must eat here. The salmon is delicious and the watermelon margarita is so refreshing. Their customer service is amazing as well. I don't know why this place doesn't have more stars. I swear, come here for dinner and you won't be disappointed.笑
This was very unique/different dining experience I had ever had. Depending what you order the all you can eat is the most popular item on the menu. It really means all you can eat meat, but not all you can eat side dishes it includes. 

  The bread they gave us was different. It looked like small mini biscuits topped with cheese, even though it was small it's pretty satisfying. Also came with round thick crackers, which I wasn't so crazy about. It came with two different sauces. First one looked like salsa, but tasting it had a entirely different flavor with a kick of black pepper that made it really good. I liked the 2nd sauce that contained a lot of oil, spices and garlic especially. As for the salad part, I was told that a traditional Brazilian steakhouse usually comes with an all you can eat salad bar. Apparently I was disappointed that they only had pre tossed salad, and was really looking forward to the all you can eat salad buffet. Pre tossed salad was alright, it was creamy but a little bit bland to my taste. 

For the all-you-can-eat-meat part this is what I tried:
Sausages- this was the highlight out of all the meats I tried. Inside wasn't so packed,
                     but it was so flavorful and ended up getting 2nds afterwards.
Top Sirloin- It had a great flavor to it and was cooked to medium rare. I thought it 
                      could've been a little bit more rare, but the seasoning on the top made
                      up for it.
Turkey Wrapped Bacon- It was alright, turkey was lean and tasted well with the 
                                             bacon.
Chicken drumstick- I really liked how well marinated it was, not only from the outside
                                    of the chicken but the inside as well. For every bite you tasted,
                                    it always had so much flavor. It is really tender as well.
Garlic Bread- yes  grilled garlic bread! this was my 2nd favorite! the bread was soft
                        not hard at all.

As for the side dishes it included, out of all I loved the plantains! it was sweet and glazed with some syrupy sauce. Creamy spinach reminded me a lot like spinach souffle, but it tastes entirely different and much creamier. Glazed carrots was new for me, it was sweet and almost tasted like candied yams. Black beans and Rice was so-so, and a little bland. 

Service I have to agree with everyone on here, it's really SLOW. You have to sorta plan ahead if you want faster service. The waitress however is really nice, she really took care of us. Only bummer is that this restaurant is an open area, a few steps away from the slots so don't bother with having a quiet conversation here.笑
Salad and chimichurri are the best parts about the restaurant. Staff was pleasant and meat choices were ok, nothing stood out. We have gone to other Brazilian steak houses and this one wasn't one of the best.笑
All you can eat Brazilian barbecue.  The food is pretty good.  My only complaint is that there is not a huge selection so eating the same cut over and over becomes boring.笑
I'm not much of a meat eater, but we won tickets for the Beatles Love show which included dinner here.  We had a 3 course prix fixe menu.  The food was extremely plentiful!

Loved the plantains.  Cream Spinach was okay but seemed out of place.  Seemed like it should have been served with artichokes and tortilla chips...and perhaps in CPK and not Samba Brazilian Steakhouse.  Anyhoo....

As someone who eats chicken .002/10 times, I must say their chicken was very tasty, meaty and cooked unlike any other chicken I've had before!  Maybe this is why I enjoyed it here and not in general.  I rarely eat steak, but if I ever do, I prefer mine well done, so the steak was not my favorite as it was still moo-ing a bit.  :/  I tried to eat around it, but it was very fatty, so that didn't work very well.  Passed up on the poor lamb.... all I could think of was Mary's little lamb.  (Not the restaurants fault....)  The turkey was really good!  I'm not much of a pork person, but I tried it.  It was good but I only ate it to taste it.

The bread and the chimichurri sauce (?) was so yummy!!  The salad was also really good!  I ate that all!  One of the best salads I've ever had.  Also, the flan was one of the best I've ever had as well.  Not too eggy.  

This place is definitely a man's restaurant, as I think of men as being heavy meat eaters.  I'm sure any meat lover would really love this place.  For me, it was okay.  But it was free for us, so why not? :)

One thing that was a downside for us was the green/red circle on the table.   Red means to stop bringing meats, that you want to just relax for a bit and eat what you have.  Green means keep it coming.  However, even when we had it on red, the food just kept on coming.  Our waiter told us about it twice, so we thought maybe we weren't understanding it.  But after asking one of the bus boys, who was awesome, we realized we were using it correctly, but they just weren't paying attention!  So really, why have it at all?!笑
We didn't go for the Rodizio, but it was a fantastic dinner, seriously. The crudo that we had for appetizer was sublime, and the sides were very, very good (fried plantains!) - but the highlight was my frango assado, perfectly marinated, juicy and spicy yet not overwhelmingly so. The steak (filet mignon, I think) was very good too. The service was attentive yet not intrusive, just the way I like it - but I also had a chance to observe our server helping the party next to us who were completely baffled by the Rodizio option, and he did a great job helping them navigate the experience.

If you're into that, they have cute, colorful cocktails; the wine list is not really impressive, but it's a Brazilian grill, so... I thought it was cute that they pronounce the name of the dishes as if they were in Spanish, but it's probably a wise choice on their part, too :) - the restaurant is in the middle of the casino, so the noise level probably calls for simplifying the experience for the guests, not complicating it (though the noise level never interfered with our conversation).

Overall it was a very good experience - great food, attentive service, nice atmosphere, very reasonable prices. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going back.笑
The food was decent, but the service was terrible. Went here for a friends birthday and the waitress was incredibly rude because we didn't all order the all you can eat option (we still all ordered food). One of my friends asked if she could get a side salad with her meal and the waitress rudely replied that they didn't have salad, even though people at other tables were eating salad! The waitress also stood about 10 feet from our table and stared at us with a rude expression while we ate.笑
My wife and I were here for our last night in Las Vegas. Having had rodizio style Brazilian steak back home at another establishment, we had high hopes for Samba. Unfortunately, those hopes were dashed when we began to sample the meats they offered. We started out with a steak that we were assured was cooked medium to medium-rare which was chewy and dry. We moved onto another steak which was in the same state as the former.
When offered the lamb we each took a piece, but when my wife informed me that it was gamey, I opted not to even try it. The follow pork and pineapple was unsatisfactory as the pineapple was devoid of flavor and the pork was unbelievably dry. At this point our wine, guess how THAT was, that we ordered at the beginning of the meal arrived. By now I had had enough. My wife held out hope that the sausage that they were serving would meet our expectations. It did not. We asked to see a manager regarding our situation and she had the gall to offer us MORE meats. When we declined, she offered to take 30% off our meal, which they did, thankfully. However, we both agree that the only way I could afford Samba more than a single star would've been to take off one of the $45 meals. Meals which calling "mediocre" would be giving too much credit towards. At least the wine was alcoholic. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!笑
Visited Samba on my last trip to Vegas and it actually got me started on Yelp. I really wanted to share my experience, because I was somewhat disappointed. 
Samba is a nice place to go, but in my opinion, simply not worth the price of admission. 
My wife and I ordered the all you can eat. The food is okay, but after a while everything seems to taste the same.. when the chicken tasted like the sausage and the sausage tasted like the chicken it just seemed weird, but when the bacon wrapped turkey tasted nothing like bacon I knew I was not a fan of all of the meats. The dinner comes with bread which had great dipping sauces, but the side dishes were not that great. regular white rice and beans, veggies, and plantanes (which for some reason tasted like they were cherry glazed)... then the waiters keep coming to your table and bringing meat after meat... and then stop. There is no continued service, the waiter actually comes to your table and asks... "So there is something else you'd like.. some meat I can bring"... then you tell him which one you'd like... instead of the guys continuing to come. I thought that was kind of weird, I've been to two of these places before. The greenfield in West Covina CA, and another one in Cancun Mexico which was part of an all inclusive resort... and both were way better than this place. I would have liked to have a salad bar or something to mix in with the meats... its kind of forced having to ask for more veggies... and the part where they stopped bringing meats was a little strange. If I pay for an all you can eat, and you made a little speech about keep this on green and we will continue to bring meat after meat... but then you stop even if its on green... just seems weird. The meat all tasted similar except for the sirloin, which was very tasty... then came the dessert. 
My wife ordered two ice cream shots and I ordered one, when the waiter brought them he brought them on a tray, and asked which we would like... we did not see they were 2.99 each... until the bill came. Very pricy for half filled shot glasses with ice cream.

Total was about 120. Two dinners, one soda, 3 ice cream shots.
The meat was not great, not plentyfil, and took a while to arrive.
The sides were very plain...

Seems like there are sooooo many other options on how to spend 120 bucks in Vegas on dinner. We were looking for a nice experience, but feel like this was the low point of our whole weekend. Simply not worth it.笑
om nom nom, sooo good!
If your craving meat, and a lot of it; this is the place for you.
We were going to head to Jet that night so we figured, lets eat at the Mirage since we're going to party here anyways. A friend suggested Samba, and we all agreed. 
They have none stop incoming meats. You have this piece of wood with red and green painted on each side to tell the waiter if you want them to keep the meat coming or to stop. 
Every 5 or so minutes a different waiter came with a different selection of meats, each one better then the previous. 
They're sangrias are also to die for. 
All that meat was an excellent drinking base for the heavy drinking that went on that night too! 
WOOP VEGAS!笑
The food wasn't horrible.
The service was decent.
But none of us, and we were four good sized men, could even think of eating $40 worth of meat.
Our group got together for a birthday dinner, and while it was a "fun" experience, I doubt that I would ever go back seeing the multitude of dining experiences that awaits one in Las Vegas.
We did not partake of any of the drinks that are mentioned in other reviews, but I'm wondering if they were also overpriced with a bit of extra alcohol just to help the blow of the price for the slices of meat that were served.
We found the ribs to be sizzling hot and not at all tasty. The other meats were acceptable, but I think I'll try something else next time.笑
-Great Service
-Amazing Steaks
-Great environment for those looking for a more intimate dinner
-Order the endless meal. This is the best way to try all of their best meats.
-Come hungry!笑
AH-MAZE-ING!!!! totally!!! So delicious. I am a very picky eater and was eating LAMB here. LAMB!! I never eat lamb, but it was delicious here. Be prepared to invest some time in a food coma post eating here. Too much good stuff. Stay away from the bread & definitely no need for appetizer. Bon Appetit!!笑
Not worth your money. Go to Fogo de Chao for a better experience (unfortunately there is not a Vegas location currently). 

Meat cuts and selection are unimaginative. You do not get to choose how you would like your meat cooked. They fill your plate with salad and bread before they allow the meats can come to you. 

Caipirinhas were good. 

Personal pet peeve: there was an ash tray right outside the the seating area so we had a constant stream of smoke assaulting us.笑
The lamb was sooooooo delicious! This was a decent Brazilian BBQ place, considering you're in a huge tourist city.

The service was a little slow, but seriously, just have no shame and flag them down and ask 'em to come by again and again and again.

Drinks were reasonably priced for LV, too. I recommend it!笑
Just OK.  OK service, OK food.  Kind of bland everything and the meats were all pretty dry & boring.  Only 2 beef items, flank & sirloin.  The best thing was the oversized Brazilian Punch cocktail.  Overall, it's just too much $ for just OK.笑
Excellent cuts! Great service! Rice and beans taste like grandma's cooking! Little disappointed about the Palma Louca beer, it was flat =(笑
I've read some not-so-great reviews on this place, and I must say it has to be based on unfortunate coincidence. The experience is fun, food is delicious... the service can be better but it wasn't horrible. I happened to be with great company, which makes it even better (: My advice to you... do not go here unless you're ready to EAT, otherwise you're not taking full advantage of what the place offers. 

We all ordered the all-you-can-eat (of course..., that should really be the only option for anybody). As they walked around with the food, there were only 1 or 2 options that I didn't really care for because it was a bit dry for my tasting or too salty; however, the rest were fantastic! The lamb was my favorite, and I loved how their medium-rare steak was actually medium-rare! Melts right in your mouth (:  The side dishes are also key factors: the rice and beans, sweet potato, etc... reminds me of Korean-style dining where the side dishes can be constantly refilled and they certainly add a great variety to dinner. 

Overall, I recommend this place. I will be trying more Brazilian steakhouses throughout the city that are perhaps more reasonably priced... but I can't bash on Samba for being a tad on the $$ side because it's located in a casino on the strip. Definitely check this place out as a tourist, or you're conveniently on the strip... just bring an empty stomach ;)笑
Visited Samba for my birthday back in February and it was a very fun experience! We had a group of 6 people and had the All You Can Eat Rodizio. It's delicious! The meat is all cooked perfectly and it's really cool how it's served off skewers (which are actually like machete knives). The roasted pork and pineapple was my favorite. 

It's kinda pricy, but you definitely get your money's worth of food. My recommendation is to make sure you pace yourself and enjoy every bite so that you can truly take advantage of the food abundance. 

Only down side is that they didn't do anything special for the birthday celebration.笑
Meat, meat, and more meat.  The service picked up from a slow start.  Most appropriate for a pack of males roving the strip, a bachelorette party, or feeding hungry teenagers.  I wouldn't walk very far for this place, but after a long day at a green felt table or sports book, do you really want more?笑
Samba Brazilian Steakhouse, located inside The Mirage Hotel & Casino, is a small, but nice restaurant with a trendy decor. My wife and I visited during our stay at The Mirage Hotel and Casino and enjoyed their special "all-you-can-eat" barbecue dinner on New Year's Eve.

As the meal was a set menu experience, I cannot touch upon Samba's other dishes, however, the plethora of meat (lamb, pork, chicken, beef, shrimp) paraded about on skewers was absolutely delicious. The dining area was clean, neat, and afforded wonderful people watching as my wife and I ate.

The only annoyance with our meal was that the wait staff was somewhat sluggish in attending to the table for non-meat-related things, such as refilling our water glasses or giving us the check. However, this is understandable due to the high number of customers (it was, after all, New Year's Eve).

I would definitely try Samba again and it's definitely worth trying for those staying at The Mirage, spending any time in the casino, or attending shows.笑
OK, so we had tickets to see "Love," the Cirque de Soleil show at The Mirage (doesn't every hotel have one?), and thought it would be easier to dine at the same hotel.

Can somebody explain this type of "Brazilian steakhouse" to me?

Yeah, it's "all-you-can-eat" and that should have served as a warning to me, but . . . wasn't bad, but wasn't great . . . .

Really 2.5 stars.笑
I had high expectations of this place and was quickly disappointed.  

The meat was all pretty much dry.  The pork with pineapple was the only thing that was any good.  

I am not a fan by any means now.....

Pros:
We were seated quickly 
Service was fantastic

Cons:
Dry meat
Overpriced笑
Terrible. Go anywhere else. They have 2 prices, one that includes filet mignon and one that doesn't . I'll keep this brief. First off their assessment of levels of   Rare, to well is ridiculous . The medium was blood rare some times and burned to a crisp other times. The sides are awful some kind of creamed spinach , plain rice and beans and the fried plantain was overly sweet and mushy. After an hour of not enjoying our entrees , As we all decided we were finished, out came a cut we hadn't been offer to that point, top sirloin and a plate of salmon appeared.  When we made our reservation they asked if there was an occasion and we informed them it was my coworkers birthday. I have no idea why as they did nothing special nor did they offer anything. Drinks and espresso were considerably over priced as was the meal itself, even for a hotel restaurant . For sure find somewhere else if you're looking for good meat.笑
If you go here looking for a quintessential churrascaria experience, you will be woefully disappointed. No salad bar, just a tossed salad dumped on your plate. Don't bother chasing after the waiter for seconds. Limited variety of meats few and far between. I've come to appreciate that there is a real skill involved in serving, so one gets just the right portion and cooked through as you like it. (Depending on where and how they cut, they can provide a piece that is more or less well done.) Service was cordial enough. Quality okay. I'm just really bummed after the send up I gave to my friend before going about the churrascaria experience, only to spend the rest of the evening telling him how its supposed to be.笑
Maybe I am spoiled from going to Fogo De Chao and Chimas but this place was not very good. Food was mediocre at best. Service of the meats was very slow. Also very minimal selection of sides. I would not attend here again not recommend it.笑
As far as Brazilian steakhouses go, I've had better. The server was friendly but seemed new/unfamiliar with the menu and protein selection. The Brazilian punch was delicious.  We all ordered the rodizio. The options were lamb, sausage, ham, turkey, 2 different chickens, and 3 or 4 cuts of steak. I enjoyed the lamb, sausage, chicken legs, turkey, and one of the types of beef. It may sound silly, but I would have liked a little more variety. The salad was delicious, and of the three sides, I had the vegetables which were wonderful. The men serving the meat were friendly and accommodating. I probably wouldn't eat here again, hence the 3 stars, but had a nice experience and enjoyed the friendliness of the staff.笑
I have to say I was very disappointed with the outcome of the food. It was Christmas Eve and I wanted to eat at a place did not have a set menu. So I decided to try Samba. After arriving you are greeted with hello and seated right away. No more then a minute later the server comes over to take your drink order. After looking at the menu I decided to order the meat dinner. 

The meat came out cold numerous times. After trying over 7 different meats, all of them came out cold. As I asked the server do you have any warm meat? The server said I will make sure you get warm meat. Sure enough the meat came out cold every single time. Then the salad comes out with several appetizers that where okay.

Not one time did the manager ever come over and ask if I wanted to try something else. The service was the only positive outcome for the hole meal. I got to the point that I walked out. As I was not able to eat any meats. Would I come back again. The answer is no. I was very disappointed.笑
We're returning customers at Samba but since the restaurant is under new management it definitely made huge steps backwards. No more a la carte (problem for vegetarians in our party), no more snacks at the bar, definitely less customers and no vibrant atmosphere anymore. This was our last time eating here for sure.笑
First time trying Brazilian food!!! It was a great experience,  new flavors,  interesting meal, and nice friendly staff. Pretty colorful small restaurant with a nice ambiance, Hostess very welcoming, my server was from Brazil,  she was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu!  You have choices to order from a regular dinner menu or do the All You Can Eat of a variety of meats table side.  

My server recommended the Rib eye and that's what I decided on.  It comes with garlic oil and salsa for dipping, bread basket, house salad, white rice, black beans,  vegetables, and a plantain banana dessert marinated.  The meat was well seasoned, cooked medium rare on top of potatoes.  Everything was so delicious and I was tasting new flavors that I haven't had before.   Rib eye was great but definitely could not finish ...  A lot of food and left full, satisfied.  I really enjoyed the plantain banana because I've never had anything like it before.  Next time I would come back for the AYCE hungry and definitely want to try Brazilian restaurant again.笑
This place gets 3 stars for okay service and a large price tag for the all you can eat Brazilian meats. The cost is $50/ person but i guess Vegas is not cheep. The servers come to your table and bring the metal roasted skewered meats to your plates and carve them right there, but our servers waited a very long time between meats (poor service which saved them money by making us full through the wait). The meats were tasty and good: lime citrus sirloin, roasted lamb that didn't taste gamey, citrus flavored roasted chicken etc. They also start you off with a great tasting fresh salad and some side dishes of black beans, rice, etc. We came to this place because it was a Bobby Flay themed restaurant. I'm not a fan of Bobby Flay so my expectations were not high, but the taste of the food and the texture and freshness of the meats were better than expected. In summary great food (not the highest of quality meats because it wasn't rib eye), steep price, and not very good service...笑
We were comped a meal here after a dealer at the Mirage made a racist comment to one of my friends at the Black Jack table.  The food was really good and the service was ok.  THe staff was attentive, but not many options other than meat at this place, which can get overwhelming.  Overall a pretty good place.笑
Where can I start ? Gosh this place deserves all the 5 stars. I went here with my boyfriend and i toughed it up and ordered the all you can eat meat. Gosh. We had a secret plan of not eating the salad or the bread because of course everyone says its a "trick" to make you full. Well...that plan did not go through. The bread was delicious. The salad was so good. The plantains were so orgasmic. 

Then here comes the meat! I got so excited my eyes glowed like Dumbos. I loved seeing the meat in a stick. Yum. I could never be a vegetarian. I ate everything until I went on a food coma. After eating at this place.....we took a nap for a couple hours. The adventure is totally worth it. 

I loved it and I will never forget it. Everything was so tasty. 

Orgasmic. 

I love SAMBA笑
Were staying at the Venetian and did not walk to drive anywhere so we found this place inside the hotel.

Being that is was located inside the hotel means is it a little overpriced for what you get. They had great menu items and several unique options but like I said a little $$$.

Also our waitress was not the friendliest girl around. She kept telling us about stuff and with the loud music playing it was hard to understand her. She had that look on her face like "Don't you know what that is?"

The truth is NO we didn't know all the ins and outs about sushi.

Bottom line is the experience could have been better. Good sushi but can be had for  much cheaper elsewhere. Especially since we spent over $250 for 4 people!!!

Food Quality - 4
Service - 3
Price - 2

Happy Eating笑
Went on a Sunday night.
It was ok.  Food was fine and so was the service. 
My husband and I had the Rodizio experience, an all you can eat setup with a variety of Brazilian meats and sides. 
Some were good, others were burnt, and some were bad without an excuse.  We each tried one of their Brazilian-themed cocktails, and having spent $20 for the two, it would have been a better investment if I threw the cash in a slot machine and got a free beer.
For $40 a person, go to a buffet somewhere else.笑
Mlife Black gave us a free room at The Mirage and a free meal here.  So who are we to turn down some free food?  Mike W. and I just so happened to take my parents to Vegas for them to be tourists like good children one weekend and this offer pretty much just fell into our laps.  So let's eat some meat!!!

After having the best Brazilian BBQ in Vegas, I was hoping for a similar experience.  "Disappointment" seemed to be on the menu.  While the hostesses were rude and the waitress was no where to be seen majority of the time, the lovely servers with their sticks of grilled meats were always out and about between tables.  They kindly gave us these red-and-green colored things to let them know when they can bother us with more meat and when to give us a break.  They seemed pretty oblivious to this though and just kept wandering by.  I really don't mind since they're really just showing off all they had to offer and there was a pretty good variety but everything was so ridiculously dry.  

Bite after bite of beyond-well-done meats were piled onto our plates and something within the first ten bites made my stomach churn.  "Where's the bathroom?" I had asked politely to a snooty waitress.  "We have none here.  You have to go to the casino floor."  How friggin convenient.  

None of us were impressed and I'm glad the meal was free because I wouldn't pay to dine here.  It's such a pity because the ambiance is actually quite nice and it's right across from the Revolution Lounge and next to the elevators.  Oh well.笑
We came in as it was about 20 minutes left to close. We all got the rodízio (all you can eat) for $44/person. 

The price was right for rodízio since I am Brazilian myself, that's usually the price most places charge such as Fogo de Chão and Texas de Brazil.

The food itself was VERY VERY GOOD. But In a rodízio, I just miss having a buffet bar for you to go to and pick out foods, they serve you with Rice, Beans, Salad and Vegetables. But you have to keep asking for "refills" which I'm not a fan of. 

We sampled I believe 7-9 types of meats during our stay (Sirloin, Top Round, Lamb, Turkey Sausage, Pork Sausage, Chicken Breast, Pork and pinneaple....and i can't remember if there were others, maybe this was it) 

The food itself was GREAT, the meats were incredibly well seasoned,juicy and tender. So no complaints there. 

THE DESERTS -- You MUST have the Doce de Leite (I dont know if they call it that, was a 3 layer thing, but ask for this)  I am NOT a fan of sweets at all, i simply don't like them, they're usually way too sweet for me and all I taste is sugar. But this one was incredible. So no complaints at all to me this is their signature right here. 

So all in all, you will not be upset at the foods. You will just wish there were more varieties.

I think it deserves a 3.5 stars. But I think the competition from the other rodizio places I've been to is what makes me give it a 3 .笑
This was a wonderful experience.

We had dinner reservations as part of a Dinner and a Show package with the Mirage Hotel and Casino. We got there and were seated right away. The waiter was attentive and informative. He explained how they will be bringing out the food and will continue to do so for as long as we want. They gave us a little piece of wood to turn over when we wanted them to stop. It was well organized and we ate way to much (in a good way).

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone traveling to Vegas.笑
Wonderful meal from start to finish. The salad was better than most entree salads, the side vegetables were delicious, the rice and beans were rich and satisfying, and that's before we even got to the main course. My husband got the all you can eat meat, which included his favorite, lamb, and they even brought him some mint jelly to go with it. I got the salmon which was peppery and perfectly cooked, atop some plantain puree that complimented it well.  The tiny dessert shooters were a perfect finish and offered richness and quality over quantity.笑
Came here a couple years back.....REALLY expensive, but a really good food, problem is, is that you gotta drink there and i wasn't old enough during that time.笑
I'm not a big fan of Brazilian BBQ but my husband is.  Meat is usually dry and salty. At Samba, it was somewhat better than I expected. Only a few food selection were good, others were so-so.  Funny thing was, the stuff that keeps coming over to our table are things I don't eat. Food selection was limited after realizing the repeats. I did request certain meat to come or not come and they were nice enough to cater to my requests. 

It is however, a fun environment and not meant to be romantic at all. You're meshed in with the casino people and for the price that you pay, you would expect some privacy or a better dining environment. 

I would prefer a nice steakhouse over this place. Sorry.笑
This restaurant has a lot to offer if you don't know what or how much you want to eat. The fried plantains are almost like an extra dessert and the cuts of meat are delicious. And the best thing is that unlike other Brazillian steakhouses I've been to, I never had to get up and visit a salad bar. Everything was brought to my table. It's a wonderful place to dine, especially before or after a show (the LOVE theater is right around the corner from the restaurant) and even if you're not going to the show if you like to people watch it's great too because it's open to the casino floor.

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars (well, two connected reasons) is that it is, in fact, open to the casino floor, which means that smoke can drift in on occasion. The air filter system in the casino is pretty good as far as those go and there is of course no smoking in the restaurant itself but if you're hyper allergic like I am, and want to enjoy eating here, sit away from the edges. Otherwise, sit down, flip the wooden toggle to the green side and let the parade of food begin!

Or yeah, you can order a la carte but where's the fun in that? :-)笑
Dry meats, disappointing service. You're better off going to a discount buffet. At least we had a coupon. Not worth your money笑
id give this place no stars if i could,  the food was downright awful, the sides they give you to go along with the meats like the cream spinach, plantains, and carrots were basically not edible, we started to joke about how bad the meal was not one person in our party thought it was any good.   the meats were mostly over cooked and very bland, the one thing i enjoyed was the pineapple not the pork that came with it just the pineapple. and the flank steak when not overcooked was actually OK as for the rest just terrible i will never go to this restaurant again and would never recommend it to anyone笑
We had a "meal" there Christmas Eve and was VERY disappointed.  The meat tasted like it was a day old and reheated.  VERY dry.  When we expressed our disappointment after not eating most of what was served they offered free dessert.  We chose to leave instead.  We were told that everyone else was happy and the dessert was all they could do.  I don't complain often at restaurants and found the response to be completely unacceptable. We were not belligerent in any way with our complaint and disregarded completely.  I will make sure to let anyone I know considering this restaurant to NOT spend their money on this place.笑
Absolutely not.  No.  Not ever.  Again.

The concept of all the meat you can eat is always an attractive one that I can never quite eat enough of to say that I got my money's worth.   But I didn't make the dinner reservation, so what could I do?  Aside from the all-you-can-eat meat, the other options were just as lackluster.  Service was incredibly slow and uninviting.  There weren't even that many patrons, and I can understand why - the word probably got out that it sucks major balls.笑
No, Samba at The Mirage was a major disappointment.   And I should have known based on the other reviews here.  Go to another Brazilian Steakhouse in town, even it is more expensive.  Here they tried to stuff us with large pieces of chicken, dry sausages, and even garlic bread on their skewers before they bring the sirloin and lamb.  Then he cuts two bite- size pieces of beef off the roast.  I am thinking, okay, I will get more beef later.  No, when they have gone through all the rounds, they stop coming by.   Granted, when I asked for more sirloin, the staff brought out a bit more.  The plantains, rice and beans are good.  The dessert (creme brûlée) was awful - tasted as if had been sitting in the fridge for several days.笑
Meat is cold and lack of flavor. There is no salad bar or cured meats, cheese etc. Weak service. Overall horrible experience.笑
One star for the Caiparinha. This place has just gone so down hill. We ate here about 8 years ago for a 21st BD party and I remembered it being good. Now... Meat was horrible and we did the rodizio. Picanha was shit. They have "soy sirloin" and "soy chicken" that is more teriyaki not Brazilian. Save your money and appetite and go to Fogo de Chao. I wish I had.笑
This was my first time at Samba, I was there on Valentine's Day. The food was good, the service was alright. In my opinion, definitely overpriced. Bill for 3 of us was over $200. The worst part was that once we left, our server (which was a lady), followed us out immediately after she checked the check. She caught up to us, and grabbed my brother in law by the arm and asked him if there was something wrong with the service, she seemed highly upset. We said the service was fine. And she said "oh okay because the service tip wasn't included but thank you anyway!" Definitely left disappointed, ruined our whole meal, don't think I'd ever go back.笑
The only reason this place doesn't get 1 star is they have comfy seating.  

We saw our waiter very seldom through out this joke of a meal.  I've been to many good Brazilian steakhouses before, and this isn't one of them.  

I saw some of the waiters bring the meat around to other tables, and it didn't look like anything exceptional.  We decided to order a few appetizers and drinks, and then figure out if we would go all-you-can-eat.
  
$9-$12 each:

Beef Empenadas - 

Grisly, greasy bits of beef hide away in a decent pastry pocket.  The pastry was very good, having a nice crispy bite to it.  The problem was the horrific gruel that poured out.  

Chicken Skewers - 

Similar to chinese chicken samples given away in a mall, this fatty and flavorless skewer was awful.  We left most of it untouched.

Crab Cakes - 

Tons of mayonnaise and dry cakes made this equally unpleasant.  

We opted not to order anything else.  When our waiter finally arrived, we paid our bill and left.  

This Cheesy tourist trap has none of the frills a good Brazilian Steakhouse should have (salad bar, good service, succulent meats) but most of the price ($39.99 a person)笑
Samba is a Brazilian style restaurant located on the ground floor of The Mirage Hotel in Vegas. I skipped the eat-meat-till-you-explode dining option because it's waaayyy too much meat in one sitting, even for my greedy gut. I ordered a Rib Eye steak dinner and it pains me to say that my pic was published prematurely. I asked that my steak be prepared well-done. Brown in and out. That's the way I like it. Don't judge me. It was beautifully burnt on the outside but as soon as I cut into it, my steak was as pink as an Easter Sunday ham. Sent it back and enjoyed the bottomless salad, black beans and rice and bread basket while I waited. That was good eating. Waiter bought my steak back along with a sincere apology but after two bites I just wasn't hungry anymore. I'll pass on Samba the next time I'm in Sin City.笑
You might be tempted to eat here since it's convenient.  If so, the prices would not be  unreasonable if this were actual Brazilian BBQ.  Alas, this is the Taco Bell of Rodizio: B-grade meat that is dry not from overcooking but just plain dry and on the tough side, sliced finger thick, sugar on the plantains with the main course, the hearts of palm are just a few slivers on your salad (there is no salad bar) and by far the slowest meat service ever, I had to ask just to be served Picanha (and was told, "Oh, sirloin steak"--geez, is this a Brazilian place or not?).

The experience here includes too many of the bad things you read about in disappointed reviews about Rodizio places. If only the meat were good! Dang.  Bye-bye $140 for two people.

The positives: friendly service and good cocktails.

Neutral: oddly flat-shaped but tasty Pao de Queijo

This is like eating at the airport--high prices for what you get, stays in business due to constant flow of people in the area.笑
We had all ur can eat option. I gave only 2 stars cause service was soooooo slow.  our meat server was ignoring us all the time. Our regular server was really nice and stepped up with meat delivering  . Food is really good . Salads and sides comes to ur table. There is no salad bar. Sangria is very delicious we got a pitcher it is 55$ and it's worth it.笑
was here for dinner in my last trip to vegas back in feb'09.  been to this type of buffet before in san diego, so i knew what to expect.  it was pricey at $40 a pop.  there was 6 of us.  with a pitcher of sangria the total was $310...  well its vegas.   and in the mirage, so its pricey of course.  

its pretty much non-stop meat.  i cant remember which one i like.  i think the beef meats were better than the pork meats.  well, since its the 2nd time ive been to this type of buffet, i like the first time better when it was only $12 a  pop for lunch at san diego gaslamp area.笑
I ordered the $39.99 all you can eat meat; all of the meats were very dry!! The worst of the worst was the lamb, dry as hell and very gamey tasting. The worst lamb I've ever had. The acceptable items were the flank steak and the turkey wrapped in bacon, but not by much. 

Don't wast your time, money, or the opportunity to eat somewhere else.笑
I was a little nervous after reading some poor reviews but this place is great! The staff is very nice and attentive and the food was delicious. My favorites were the sausage, chicken, and flank steak. It's such a fun experience and definitely worth a try!笑
I don't love Samba but I don't hate it either.  I recently stopped eating all meat except for fish, so I'm sure I REALLY wouldn't love Samba these days.

Anyway, the servers come around with big skewers of meat and offer you small cuts. You can eat as much or as little as you like. I didn't mind the meat but I really have never cared for the sides. The rice and beans and plantains are good but I have never liked the salad of the other veggies. 

I do recall that Samba has delicious cocktails and desserts. Definitely come here if you want a cool experience and are a meat eater. If these don't apply to you, move on.笑
The steaks we're awesome, but the chicken was dry and chewy! Nice atmosphere, the servers were on top of their game! I would return in the future!笑
Comparing this spot with the likes of fogo or Texas de makes it a hard pass the ambiance is very odd your on the casino floor surrounded by slot machines and smokers. The food is just plain not good most every thing I tried was over cooked and bland those that know me know it takes a lot to make me walkout and this spot achieved a walk out quick I only give it one star for convenience. Spend your hard earned money at one of the MANY great restaurants within walking distance #fail笑
There are some really mixed reviews on this place but I had a great time. Good food, good service and there is zero chance of you leaving hungry!笑
If you haven't been to a Brazilian Steak House you would probably like this place because you have no idea what to expect. Now if you are reading this and thinking about going to Samba DON'T. This is by far the worst Brazilian Steak House I have EVER been. The meat selection is very poor, they don't have a salad bar and the price is 2 high for what you get. Instead of going to Samba try Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chao. You will be a lot happier :)笑
I came here upon the recommendation of a friend- the Brazilian All you can eat buffet, with tableside service.  

Lets just break it down-  Some of the meats were good, some were not so good.  They started with an assortment of bread and crackers, then continued with salad and then brought out the good stuff- the meat!

They started out with two types of chicken both of which were too dry for my taste- lacked flavor too, then brought out a turkey wrapped in bacon which was really just excellent!  next they brought out a roasted pork, which again was too dried out for me. then there was sausage which was decent, then there was a flank steak which was good, but the best dish they brougth out was the sirloin!  perfectly cook, melting in your mouth sirloin!  all that wait was made better JUST for that dish!  My sis had requested a more rare piece, and the attentive waiter quickly went and found a piece just perfect for her.  Their sides were average, didnt care for the cream of spinach or the glazed carrots, although the black beans were good.. I honestly could have done without the sides and head straight for the meat!  

the salad served was great- didnt want to fill up too much on the bread though - saving room for the meat.  

ordered two drinks a mojito and a samba punch.. mojito $10, punch $11.75.  The punch was nearly four times the size of the mojito!  worth it?  YES!

service was really outstanding- they were very very friendly, casual and not too overbearing in your face about eating.  great service, not bad food either!  dont know if i will return there as most the meat dishes were dry, so thats why the 3-star rating; however, if it were for the sirloin.. a full five stars!笑
Great service, great food, pork was a little dry... Otherwise money well spent. Good value compared to other restaurants near by. All service staff was very friendly.笑
Pretty pricey for the quality of food. Out of about 7-8 skewers that they brought out I only enjoyed one (brown sugar glazed meat) all the others were very bland or just not good at all!
We went for the experience even after reading all of the 2-3 stars. I wish I would have taken most of the helper advise. So don't do what I did! Go somewhere else!!!
I do have to say that the staff was very nice!笑
Stay away if you have eaten Churrascaria in NY or anywhere else of quality. The selection of meats is bare bones at best and lack flavor. No ribs or high end selections. Tourist trap.笑
Don't do it. I made a bad choice in coming here for a wonderful Brazillian BBQ experience. The food was Not Good at all especially for the price that I was paying for. I have never taste such a bad filet mignon. Treat yourself to a better place. It might cost you a bit more, but you won't regret it. Trust me.笑
I love this place. Had a huge, delicious meal here and loved everything. Price was decent for LV Strip. It was my first time trying Brazilian Barbecue and I was not disappointed. Service was friendly and attentive. Would go back again while in Vegas.笑
Nice place if you are a total carnivore...I was the only vegetarian in our party...go figure, I end up at a steakhouse...but it seemed that everyone else was extremely satisfied with their neverending all you can eat meat...me? I had a pasta dish...super yummy but way filling...I couldn't even finish my plate...at the end they brought us this yummy desert with brownie and cake and ice-cream and berries...I pretty much just ate the berries and they were super fresh....But yes...if you are a meat eater, you should totally go here and order the neverending meat thingy...笑
Ill keep this short.  We got the full rodizio, which cost a little over  $100 for two people with drinks and tip.  Great salad and side dishes.  Good service.  Dried out meats and bluh, overpriced drinks.笑
We did Samba before we went and saw Love on 8/20. Samba sits right by the Revolution Lounge near the Mirage bank of elevators. It is a fun place and a good spot to people watch! We had the Rodizio (they bring a variety of bbq'd meats to your table) and it was great. I loved most of the selections (which never happens at Rodizio) and they even made it a point to get my husband the well done cuts he loves (very nice). The sides are bit different (creamed spinach, carrots, plantains and rice and beans), but I tried them all and there wasn't a bad one in the bunch. Service was great and the experience was a good one! Try it!笑
Being from NY, I am used to seeing $90/head all you can eat rodizio so $40/ in Las Vegas is a bargain. The food at Samba was very good, but the meat choices were limited. Everything was cooked perfectly and came out hot and juicy. Would note that the flank steak and garlic chicken wings were my favorites. The sangria was excellent! Would recommend getting a pitcher, which will fill about 7 glasses, and get you pretty buzzed. 

My girlfriend and I were able to get a table at 7:30 with no problems and were served quickly. About halfway through the meal it did seem like there was a shortage of food, as no one came around for at least 15 minutes. The staff was very nice about it and came over and asked specifically what we wanted next.

I would definitely come back to Samba, the price was right and the ambiance was different in a city that is all glitz and glam these days.笑
I had dinner at Samba with several friends on Monday.

Ribeye: 2.5/5 - The steak was cooked medium. However, it was dry and lacked flavor. It comes with a dipping sauce which it really needs for flavor.
Samba Salad: 4/5
Service: 3/5 - The problem with rodizio restaurants is the server tends to disappear many times.
Ambience: 3.5/5笑
This was my first experience dinning at a Brazilian Steak-House! It was so good! 
Do not eat anything before you go here because you want to leave room in your stomach to be able to taste everything. 

One of the guest in my party is Brazilian and he said that the food was very traditional and tasted authentic!笑
Went to this place after obtaining a BOGO Rodizio buffet dinner through myVegas/Mlife. I had made a reservation, but upon arriving I could see I didn't need one. That made me question my choice for dinner when we were seated as were we one of just three other tables in the restaurant. 

When seated we were instructed that to have the waiters come over to serve needed by turning this short wooden dowel with the green side up. When we do not want any more or would like a break we are to turn the dowel red side up. Simple enough. We turn it with the green on top and here we go.. Not long after a server came around with a long skewer of steak. Nothing fancy. It was cook just right and seasoned. 

As we were being served our first round of steak our waitress had returned with salad and a few sides. The sides were fried plantains, beans, and dirty rice. Those were ok. She also gave a garlic dipping sauce that I loved. It composed of fresh minced garlic with oil and some sort of vinegar and other spices. Very garlicky with a bit of tang. It went great with the steak. 

The next rounds of meats were two different chickens, sausage, another steak with some sort of sweet seasoning on it. One of the chickens was quite dry. The sausage was not appealing to me at all. It was a texture thing. It was grainy. Of all the meats I liked the sweet steak the most. It was very tender and something about the hint of sweetness with the tangy garlic herb sauce capitivated my tastebuds. 

I've been to other Brazilian buffets. They were better than this one. I was teetering between two or three stars given the food was really hit or miss. The service eas good and I did like some items so I gave them a 3, but I doubt I would be coming back. If I hadn't had my BOGO free coupon for the buffet I'm sure I would not have been pleased to pay the full $40/person for that buffet.笑
I stayed at the Mirage for a conference a a couple of weeks ago. We had our company dinner at Samba that we took our clients out to. The food and meet was just average. I have eaten at better Brazilian Steak houses.笑
Although I am fan of Fogo de Chao, this one was not so bad. The meats were tender and juicy and the sides were pretty good. Although I did not drink that night others did and let me tell you that the drinks were HUGE! You definitely get your $10.95 worth and will only need one. YOWZA!笑
my gf and I went to Vegas for NY, since Vegas was a living hell during this time of year, getting reservation for anything good was next to impossible. Luckily we stumbled into Samba. I said luckily not because we were able to find a place for food. I'm so glad I found it cause the food was delicious and my favorite and probably be one of the main reason to be back is their Batitas drink. I'm not much of a drinker, but this is an excellent drink that all the cocktail lovers must try.笑
Worth EVERY penny!  Be sure to not eat a big lunch before going!

The price includes:  
1) An unlimited salad, side dish, breads/rolls, and dessert buffet.  Delicious choices.  It is hard not to fill up on just this part!
2) Unlimited BBQ meats. The meat servers walk around the restaurant with various BBQ meats (my favorite was the ham and pineapple) and stop at your table to offer you each of the 6+ types of meat.  They carve you a portion and return every few minutes to offer more/different meats.
3) We paid extra for the surf/turf option and were brought additional servings.  While I enjoyed it, I wouldn't pay extra for this option because there is so much other food to enjoy.笑
This place is essentially your standard all you can eat Brazilian meat buffet.  I made the mistake of partaking in the bread, thereby filling me up substantially before the meat festivities began. I couldn't help it though, because that chimichurri sauce that comes served with the bread was so garlicky and delicious.

By the time the servers came around, I was nearly full from appetizers alone. Yes, I know I made the one cardinal mistake that one is not supposed to do when eating at an establishment such as this, but I have a weakness for the chimichurri which, by the way, goes great on the sirloin and lamb cuts.笑
We had such a great time here... Never been to any other brazillian resturaunts, but we'll so be back... if you choose the all you can eat option you have a little "doll" at your table you can flip from green to red as you want them to bring more or stop... You really have to pace yourself... I also had a really great drink that I can't remember what it was called... It was strong and HUGE! We both thought it was a great dinner for 40 bucks!笑
I didn't choose the restaurant and after reading the reviews I was a bit concerned. Our table decided not to do the BBQ as it is just too much meat before sitting through a 2 hr show. I'm glad we didn't as most of the unfavorable reviews pertain to the all you can eat. 

I opted for the seafood stew which was delish! The portion was huge, with a lot of shellfish and two large pieces of seabass. The broth was light with some tomato and kale.  I wish I had bread to soak up the broth. 

Service was excellent, cocktails were good as well. My dish was good but I'd say this place needs to step it up if it wants to compete with all Vegas has to offer.笑
This place is a really great value for the price. We got the Samba meal at $40 and the meats were really good. The poem sausage has a little bit of a ham taste and was good.  The beef was cooked to perfection and the sangria is excellent. The only downside is that they don't have a salad bar so they bring you a premade salad and sides. Otherwise this is a great place, just inside the Mirage Casino. The latte coffee and key lime pie are excellent笑
Horrible service. Had Brazilian buffet or whatever they think it is. Waited long for the first course. An then waited 30 minutes for the check and we didn't even get the desert! Manager rude and didn't greet us and greeted everyone I mean everyone but us! And we were overcharged. Needless to say it was the worst service I recieved and I'm from LA! Never again and the food was not great at all. Go to another restaurant like BLT笑
We happen to find this restaurant as we were going to a concert at the Mirage for Boyz II Men.  What a find!  The food was AMAZING!  The service was AMAZING!  Did I mention the food was AMAZING!? 

We didn't get a chance to do the "all the meat you can eat", due to our time constraint.  However I ordered the filet mignon ...OMGosh!  You could cut that baby with a butter knife. One of THE best I have had!  My son had the 16 ounce rib eye steak........Holy Huge!  The bread and dips before hand were incredible, the beans, the veggies.........WOW!  The salad you get before your meal........I could eat that every day!  And it was bottomless so if you wanted more, have more!

My boyfriend had the seafood dish that was so incredibly flavorful it was like eating a bouquet of flowers.  

It was our last meal in Vegas before we flew out and I am glad it was there!  I urge you to go there!  Price wise it wasn't outrageous, it was very comparable to the food we got and we got a lot of food for our dollars.  For the three meals it was under $100.00!!    For the all you can eat meat it was like $45.00 and they had such a lovely variety.......next time we go, we will go with time and an appetite and try that!笑
Went here before seeing Beatles: Love at the Mirage. The food is pretty good. Meats are juicy and well seasoned. The sides are good too, especially the plantains and the rice/beans. 

There could have been a little more variety with the meats though. And we were seated in a back booth, which isn't conducive to Brazilian BBQ. 

It's not Fogo de Chao, but it wasn't bad either笑
I do agree with others that the service is quite lacking. We had a large party of 8 and it took forever for the waitstaff to even take our drink orders. We weren't in a rush though, so it was tolerable. After overindulging, I'm less eager to return. Me + AYCE meat = indigestion. 

But if I do, I'll go straight for the fried plantains, flank steak and the lamb. Their specialty drinks and desserts are forgettable. I would grab these somewhere else.笑
Yuckie. Las Vegas has been piss-poor this trip in general.  

I think the only reason that this place gets business is because it is right by the elevators where the rooms are because the food is gross. 

1. The cuts of meats are poor 
2. The sides are disgusting...I had a taste of the creamed spinach and the beans and rice....gross they were flavoured/spiced really badly. The salad that they give you is overdressed
3. The service is poor at best. 

It reminds me of the Walmart of steak places...unless you like Walmart...then I feel sorry for your taste level. 

AVOID, AVOID, AVOID...笑
Samba is a basic Brazillian restaurant in the Mirage. 

Samba is all about the all-you-can-eat option. They offered skewers of pork, beef, chicken, and lamb. The meat came around every two minutes and kept on coming. No one was lacking meat at our table. There is a nice selection of steaks offered here too if you are not interested in the all-you-can-eat option.

Meat is the big feature of the menu but there are a few seafood entrees and one vegetarian option. The vegetarian option, Legumes Feijoada, is a huge bowl of beans. It was very bland and the presentation was nothing special... just a big bowl of beans. I recommend staying away from this dish. It was horrible.

Dessert come in small shot glasses and in a variety of flavors. Each dessert shot costs a few dollars. I recommend trying a few. They are all very tasty.笑
My second time and it is different.  The sauces and bread have changed, no more fish.  The garlic chicken was cold and the flank steak was chewy.  Over $250 for 4 and it was really nothing special.  Frankly my husbands bbq is much better and for that prize I expect better than home.笑
Samba Brazilian Steakhouse is like the Brazilian Steakhouses I've been to Long Beach and Bay Area. Meaning, it's nothing special, but if you are in the mood to eat lots of different types of meat on the strip, this is the place. I believe the all you can eat option of BBQ is around $40 before tax and tip. 

The meat that I rather enjoyed were the flank, pork and pineapple, and lamb. Everything else, is what you expect, chicken is chicken. Sirloin is sirloin.笑
I went with a group for just this week. The food was good and the seating was comfortable, but it was no Yolies. 
I would go for the drinks. I had the best Apple-tini ever there. All of us came away talking about the drinks, but not so much the food. Good if you don't feel like driving off of the strip, but if you want a great Brazilian experiance then head over to Yolies Steak House.笑
Great food, and the service was really good too. Management is friendly. Come here if you are looking to be stuffed like a thanksgiving turkey.笑
Skewers of grilled meat, normally a good thing. However Samba just doesn't pull it together. The beef is okay, but the lamb (usually a highlight at Brazilian Steakhouses was disappointing and way over done. 

Our server disappeared and left us without water refills here in the desert.

The Caipirinhas were fine which is the only redeeming quality of the meal. 

To top the dinner off the servers wanted to go home and did a quick flash of the house lights to get us to go.

Not up to par with the Mirage.笑
RODIZIO! WOW, I don't even know where to start. Seeing as how I lived in Rio de Janeiro for 4 years I feel like I know good churrasco when I see it, and Samba is good churrasco! The product is to die for, the meats are perfectly cooked and seasoned, the fresh mozzarella is fab, and the little golden secret is their green garlic sauce... GOLD! I put that stuff on everything! Granted I love love love garlic, so if you're not a garlic fan you may not be as nuts about it as I am but it was literally to die for. The sides are delicious also, beans and rice, creamed spinach, etc. My only complaint about Samba are the pao de queijos or cheese breads don't taste authentic, the center should be soft and buttery and it was hard and somewhat grainy. Only because I think they were trying to make a 
"gourmet" version of the cheese breads but really you just have to go with tradition! Also, the capirinhas which are a traditional Brazilian mixed drink were delicious and very large, even for big drinkers one will give you serious bang for your buck. I promise you will love Samba, so go!笑
Don't waste your money...you could probably take your money to Texas for better quality and better tasting steak.  We went towards the end of the shift and I don't know if that's it but the food was dry, the only thing we enjoyed was the bread .  One thing is for sure we'll most likely never eat there again.  We ended up mastros for desert since everything about this place was a flop 

BTW this place doesn't even deserve one star!笑
Wow...what an incredible find!  Everything about our experience at Samba's was superb. It started with a personal welcome from the manager (Linda) who explained the Rodizio style to those of us who had never eaten at a Brazilian steakhouse before.  And then the fun began.  Salad tossed at our table with a delicious dressing and accompanied with warm fresh-out-of-the-oven bread   A steady offering of all different types of delicious meat choices on skewers, for our selection  -- turkey wrapped in bacon, filet mignon, brown sugar coated steak, andouille sausage, herbed chicken thighs -- one more delicious than the other.  Side dishes - juicy fried plantains, rice, beans and vegetables.  It's all you can eat, so the waiters keep rotating back to you with the different meat selections until you signal to them you're done.  We were almost giddy over all the choices, and the service was so friendly and 'on it.'  Definitely have to give this a 5-star review.  Come with an appetite!!笑
I used Myvegas for buy 1 get one Free. It was so worth it. I would have gladly paid full price. So happy I went here instead of  Pampas. The steak & chicken were excellent. I love the Chimmichuri sauce for the bread. So good I spilled it allover my shirt. The stain was worth it. 

The salad was a Brazilian dressing & was so light & fresh. The sides were black bean & rice, forced plantains & Kale w/carrots. Forgot the buffet, come here instead.笑
Let me start by saying that this was our honeymoon dinner and that we had an amazing experience.

Gluten-free: The fact that they had an actual gluten-free menu for my wife who has celiac disease gave it some serious bonus points right out the gate. The waitress, Sherrie couldn't have been more knowledgeable and supportive of our needs. Also, the waiters with their meat skewers knew whether or not my wife could have the selection or not, often offering it to me and apologizing to her that it wasn't gluten-free. 

The food was delicious! My favorites were the bacon-wrapped turkey and the sirloin. My wife loved the lamb and the chicken legs. 

In typical Vegas style, when I ordered the rum punch, it arrived in an over-sized glass made for two. 

At the end, they surprised us with an intensely delicious sorbet on the house because of our recent nuptials. A great end to a great meal.

Approximately $120 for the two of us with a 20%+ tip, well worth it!!笑
Visited this restaurant just to try something different.  The staff was friendly and checked on us often and the food was wonderful!  Great meat, tasty side dishes.  We will definitely return笑
WARNING: come here with an empty belly! I swear I left this place 5 pounds heavier. We did the all you can eat BBQ. All the meats are skewered and are rotisserie style....oh my yum! You get a variety of meats, all of which are coal roasted right in the middle of the restaurant. I absolutely love the fact that you can watch them cook up the meat, in my eyes, it means they aren't hiding anything in the kitchen. You get a red/green little object (not sure what to call it) so your server knows when you want more or need a break. Pretty sure we kept ours at green for the most part, we couldn't get enough. The staff was very accommodating, I am picky with my meats and do not like them rare, at all. Most of the carvings they were coming around with were too pink for my liking and they had no problem brining mine back to the kitchen to make it a little more well done. Out of all the meats we had, I really enjoyed the pork with pineapple, my mouth is watering right now as I write about it. Of course you must like pineapple to enjoy it but if you do, no doubt this will be a favorite of yours as well.

As for the restaurant itself, its right in the middle of the Mirage. It is very exposed as the layout is extremely opened. Its almost like you're having Brazilian BBQ right on the casino floor. I would  have preferred if the restaurant was more sectioned off from the casino, so you didn't feel like you were right next to a slot machine....but this doesn't change the fact that I had an awesome time here. If I return to Vegas, I will make sure to make a pit stop here. A nice touch is you can catch the Mirage's volcano show either before or after your meal.笑
Very disappointing! The salted sirloin was very good the first time but as they brought more to the table the meat became tough and nervey, the turkey with bacon was good and the chicken thigh had a good crust and taste, but for 40 bucks a person plus paying for parking at the Mirage,go to a good steak house, buy yourself a good ribeye and grill it or go get a good burger. The only positive comment I heard while there is you could stuff your face but who cares for that experience&^%$##%&笑
:( they can't split a check. Not for large groups but food was good. 3rd try and I still don't have my card back or got the correct ticket. Our show starts in thirty minutes and we may miss it.笑
This place is horrible!!! Can't believe how they are still open!! We went for RW, and what a waste of money and time!!! The only up side was the service, our waiter was very attentive ... But the food was terrible!!笑
The food was good.  Not awesome, but good nonetheless.  The bread is  awesome.  And the garlic dip for the bread is extremely tasty!  Compared to other brazillian steakhouses, the  meats were not overly flavorful.

The cocktails were very generous and tasty!  Overall a good dinner.笑
My boyfriend and I were staying at The Mirage for a long weekend.  In the beginning of the trip I cut my foot on some glass in the hotel room and was given $100 in food comps to make up for the incident.  We decided to eat at Samba to get the most bang for our free buck. We had an early dinner, around 5:30, right after the place had opened because we were trying to catch a show.  I'm not sure if this is why my experience was so different but our Rodizio was very good.  The steak cut like butter and basically melted in my mouth.  The few chicken and turkey dishes were savory and juicy. The pork and lamb were slightly salty, but still great.  Maybe I am bias since my dinner was free but I was very pleased.

Our waiter was very friendly and helpful.  He even gave us a free dessert because we had mentioned we were in Vegas celebrating my boyfriends birthday.  We were never without a full glass of water and as soon as we could finish one beer they were asking if we wanted another.  The meat servers were also friendly and explained what each item was.  They listened when you asked for a small piece, or more of this, less of that.  The service was great.

My boyfriend, an extremely picky eater, only had one complaint and that was that the steak was too pink for him.

My family has visited many Brazilian steakhouses in the past and this one was definitely right on par.  I have not eaten at the other places mentioned in previous reviews so I cannot compare, but I thought this place was good.笑
If you like Brazilian steakhouses, pass on this one. My bridesmaids and I went here on February 8th and were very underwhelmed by both the service and the food for the price.

Maybe I'm spoiled, but my first Brazilian steakhouse restaurant experience years ago had a veritable parade of delicious meats, and the places I've been to since then, including Samba, have *not* lived up to that standard. I believe there were about 8 choices total. I understand that with certain commodities concerns right now that beef is pricey, but there were only two kinds of beef that came by, which was disappointing. I like pork and chicken just fine, but for $45 I want a better spread. And the pao de queijo might as well have just been pao de nada for all the flavor it had. I took one bite and set it aside, not worth the stomach space and calories.

The frequency of the selections coming by was just fine, so I have no issue with that aspect of the service, but we were frequently annoyed by the waitstaff who kept trying to clear our table when we were clearly still trying to enjoy ourselves. We had flipped over the marker to signal we didn't need any more attendants coming by, which then started our server and some bussing staff coming by every few minutes to clear things from the table, including the sides and bread that we were still eating. Here's an idea: when a table still has half a pitcher of sangria left, maybe don't try to rush them out the door by clearing everything off the table like you're ready to boot them out the door even when the restaurant is half-empty. When our waiter brought by to-go cups it was just another sign of "you're not gone yet?" and we promptly took our drinks on the road.

The biggest part of dining Brazilian is the experience, and it's always a long one at that. Meals take hours, and most of them are not spent eating but enjoying the ambiance and the company. I can see wanting us to move along if the restaurant was packed and people were waiting on the table, but to hover over us while we were trying to enjoy our drinks and conversation does not make for an inviting atmosphere. Makes me wish we had just gone to one of the buffets, where the selection would have been better and no one would be taking away the food before we were done with it.笑
I ate there last night and was not really impressed at all.  For a Las Vegas Brazilian steak house, it was not great at all.  The meat is over cooked and they do not have as many selections as you would hope to have.  I give it a 3 stars only because of the location and because the food was not bad, just ok.笑
We had tried Fogo de Chao (5 stars), twice, but opted for Samba as we were staying at the Mirage.  Fogo has one price for everything, Samba has two levels of menu offerings.  My wife chose the basic offering, as she's not a huge meat fan and I had the premium offering.  I prefer Fogo, as Samba doesn't have a salad bar, but it was quite good, nonetheless!笑
We went here to celebrate my mom's birthday and I wanted to pick a restaurant for her that wasn't too pricey and something that we've never tried before.  It's been almost 3 years since I've eaten here, so things might changed since then.  What I do remember though was meat, meat, and more meat!  This was my first exposure to Brazilian BBQ, so I found the Rodizio experience to be little overwhelming, but fun nonetheless.  My favorites were the turkey and the pork (I forgot what they were called but that what I can remember off hand).  It was only $31 back then, not sure how much it costs now but I can imagine it costing a whole lot more.  At that price though, for the large amount of meat we consumed, it was worth every dollar.  The restaurant itself is very cozy and great for people watching since it's right in the middle of the Mirage casino and the service that we got was top notch as we were always approached by the meat waiters when our 'light' was green.

There weren't many places like this along the strip back then from what I recall, because now I'm seeing a lot more churrascaria houses along the Strip, making me wonder if Samba was the catalyst for all of them popping up.  Great dining experience though.笑
my friends and I went to this place because we were craving Brazilian food. we were very disappointed. this is not brazilian food. The rodizio was nasty. no flavor at all in the meat. They even use bbq sauce on the flank steak which brazilians dont. We also ordered a pitcher of caipirinha. Horrible caipirinha i had. they used mojito mix on it. If you want to eat brazilian food in vegas, you should search for another place. Samba steakhouse is not a good place to eat.笑
Had the all-you-can-eat experience and was quite happy with the results.  

Yay for the flank steak (had like 5 servings), the bacon-wrapped turkey and the hawaiian chicken.  The sides were pretty good as well.  The rice and beans and fried plantains were decent.  However, it was all about the meat!  And the caipirinhas!!!笑
Love Samba!!!

Great price and amazing food!  Brazilian Steakhouses can be too expensive.  Samba is perfect, and doesnt sacrifice quality.  

Love the sides; cream spinach, black beans and rice, glazed carrots, chim-churri sauce..  Tons of great meats.  Excellent Mojitos!

If youre in Vegas and want to pound down some protein, this is the place!

Looking forward to be back!笑
This was our first Brazilian steakhouse. The service was great!!! I enjoyed how open it was. The food was good, but some meats were overcooked. I definitely enjoyed the experience.笑
We found ourselves with extra time before our Vegas show. Decided to try Samba Brazilian Steakhouse located inside The Mirage Hotel. To say we were happy with our experience is an understatement! We started with a freshly tossed salad that was AMAZING! Fresh, crunchy greens, vegetables and an amazing vinaigrette dressing that left you wanting more! Next they bring out sides - black beans, white rice, sweet plantains and grilled vegetables. THEN COMES THE MEAT! Never ending skewers of MEAT!!!  We tried pork sausage, turkey wrapped bacon, succulent filet mignon, chicken thighs and grilled pork chops to name a few. Perfectly seasoned and fresh! The "meat coma" which ensued was WELL worth it! The $39.99 price point per person might sound a little high, however, the "all you can eat" menu items are out of this world!笑
Although a meal at Samba (in the MIrage) is priced pretty typically for this type of food, it happened to be the most expensive meal I had in Vegas on my most recent trip, yet was possibly the worst. There wasn't anything glaringly wrong with the food, but most of just lacked flavor. Now I'm not sure if it was due to lack of seasoning or ample cook time, or quality of the meat, but too many of the selections looked good but tasted bland. I've been to other ayce Brazilian steakhouses many times, and they were all better than Samba. The decor of the restaurant is also pretty random and completely uninspired. The wait staff was great, as they pretty much all are in Vegas, so no complaints there.笑
I had visited the Samba Grill six years ago and looked forward to the experience.  However, it was NOT the same experience.  We were being seved at 8 pm on a Tuesday evening.
I had the "All You Can Eat" food on the swords.
All swords were barely warm, and the meats were dried out as if they had been cooked some time ago or reheated.  Mind you this is for a $40 per person entree.
I will not return to this restaurant.  There are SO MANY new restaurants, beautiful facilities, I will not gamble having another bad meal here.笑
Love this place!  Been there 3 times. Food is uniquely prepared, Brazilian seasonings & flare.  Menu is great. Grilled Salmon, & filet (sliced like butter) entrees were excellent !  Sides are awesome. Loved the plantains, creamed spinach, the chimichurri & rolls were great. Wine list is extensive. Speciality drinks were wonderful. A few in the group went with the Rodizio Experience. Which was "all you can eat" - variety of meats/poultry served  table side by staff plus sides. Not one complaint. No one left hungry!   One time we went & just ordered appetizers (unique) and drinks. Great time. Considering Samba is located in a very busy part of the casino, it was surprisingly quiet yet great energy. Great, attentive staff. $$$. Worth it.笑
I checked out this restaurant at the Mirage right before watching Beatles 'Love.' The restaurant has a nice ambiance and is conveniently located in the middle of the casino. I read all the reviews on Yelp before checking this place out and was expecting great things. The service was great with fast and friendly service. The food however, was disappointing. I got the all you can eat $40 deal. They served cheese rolls and crackers that were tough to eat and slightly stale. The vegetables tasted like bad cafeteria food, the rice and beans were bland, and the salad was soggy. Then came the meats which were poor cuts, barely seasoned and tough to eat. I tried all the meats and my favorite was the lamb, and even that wasn't great. I'm a huge fan of Brazilian BBQ but I was hugely disappointed with this one. For $40 all you can eat, you're much better off going to one of the casino buffets. The only benefit here was the short wait time.笑
I wasn't impressed with my food.  The only reason I am giving it 3 stars was because the friends I was dining with enjoyed their food.  One of my friends sent back her grouper because it was disgustingly fishy, but loved the new dish she got.  The talk of the table was how great the 2 all you can eat meat on a sword dishes were.  
I had the Brazilian Spiced Pork.  My food was "ehhh"
Service was not good.
Overall, not bad, but I've had better.笑
So while we were in Vegas my husband and I went to dinner with my stepson. He and his friend had been there before and love this place.  I want you to keep in mind I am a girl, and if I had to list my favorite foods, meat in general does not really top the list.  Ok with that in mind here goes.  The food is 39.95 a plate (per person) and this amount does not take into account drinks or tax.

So this is one of those experiences that you really should try at least once.  The wait staff was very attentive and the atmosphere is dark, but nice.  It is inside the Mirage and there is a Casino and Nightclub right by, so if you are looking for a quiet place, you just might want to go elsewhere.  So when you get seated the waiter of course takes your drink orders and then describes how the process works.  For people who have no idea this is a necessary step.  So though I cannot explain the entire experience I will try to sum it up.  We ordered the All you can eat Rodizio Experience, and experience it is! The main course is meat, which is served on the skewer, and this is like no skewer you have ever seen!  The guy serving our group was almost the same size as the skewer..lol.  There is a huge variety of meat to choose from, they have the following (that I can remember):  sausage, turkey, pork, chicken, lamb, chicken with pineapple, top sirloin, rib eye, and flank steak.  I think I am missing something because honestly by the end of it all you are in a "meat coma" LoL.

Rodizio is the ultimate all you can eat barbecue, offering unlimited portions of marinated meats and poultry. Rodizio is a uniquely Brazilian style of barbecue offering a wide variety of flavors. Each course is skewered and slowly roasted over coals in a special Brazilian rotisserie. These items are served in random order along with traditional side dishes of black beans and rice, sweet fried plantains, creamed spinach, farofa carrots, and a bottomless bowl of "Samba Salad" tossed tableside.

They do have grilled veggies as well on the skewers, which are amazing as well.  The flavors are all very unique, and I am VERY glad we ate here.  The boys ate LOTS of meat, but I swear I don't think I even tried it all...it was just crazy amounts of food.  Come with an empty stomach and a full wallet : )  It is a truly unique experience that everyone should try at least once in your life!!笑
Our waiter was awesome. That was about it. The food was ok. Nothing great nor flavorful. This was my first time here and will never go back, particularly because of the manager. He was super rude and had no hospitality knowledge I guess. We had an issue and when he came to our table he basically said oh well let me know if u are leaving. Any other management would never encourage quest to leave.. the meat was inconsistent some peice were super dry and others were super rare. Idk just thought it would of been alot better then this.笑
This was a very tasty restaurant that served much meat.  The wine was good too.The waiters present you with big gobs of meat that you can choose, and the best was the bacon wrapped turkey.笑
Food was quite good, but service was not.

We ordered the "Caveman's Delight"  (all-you-can-eat meat).  Some of the meats were very good, some so-so, some no-so great.  Overall, the food was satisfying and we enjoyed watching the trolls playing slots just beyond the comfy confines of the restaurant.

The service started out promising and the meat servers were more than generous with their offerings.  

Unfortunately, the service began going down hill about midway through our meal and turned downright poor as we finishing.  It was like our waiter had left for home in the middle of our meal.  BTW, the service was not nearly as pathetic as OTTO (over at the Venetian), but could be much better.

I might try it again, but probably not. 

Bottom line: If you've had a bunch of drinks during the day at The Mirage pool and don't feel like venturing far from the hotel,  this may be a good choice (especially if you like meat, but are not a meat snob).笑
Everything here was pretty bland for my taste, from the service to the food.  Went tonight for a business type dinner.  Convenient since I was staying at the Mirage, but next time we'll venture out a bit.  When you go to Fogo De Chao they have a lot more selection of meats.  Samba has about 7 or 8 different items and they're all kind of "warmed up" tasting, meaning they have been cooked, brought out....reheated and served again which fine as long as it doesn't taste that way, if that makes sense.  The meat for the most part was unseasoned and needed something to kick it up a notch on the flavor.
The salad was terrible, and the creamed spinach again, was not seasoned at all.  We're in Las Vegas and there's a great restaurant within 100 feet of wherever you are, most likely.  Go somewhere else.笑
Something is not right at this restaurant. They claim to be a Brazilian barbecue.  But is not like any other Brazilian barbecue that I've visited. The meats are cooked together and are dry and tasteless.  The mess on a stick sort of blended together.  Not sure if I was eating lamb, steak or pork or bread  Staff was nice , friendly and helpful so I gave it 2 stars.笑
The bread is gluten free and delicious!! Our waiter, Juan, is very knowledgeable about the menu and what is/isn't gluten friendly.

If you are strictly gluten free, however, the skewer of garlic bread came out touching the skewer of chicken.笑
Initially I was extremely excited. I love steak. Especially Brazilian! Well, Definitely do not recommend. 
First two cuts of meat came out cold. Followed by cold garlic bread on a stick?? Definitely not your typical Brazilian steak house. The top sirloin came out a total of three times. Every time, cold! The best part of the meal was the bread.  Which even that was sub par for a Brazilian steak house. If you've ever been to Texas De Brazil then this place is guaranteed to disappoint you. 
Service was okay I guess.... If Themis was chilis or Applebee's. But for a Brazilian steakhouse I was totally unimpressed all around. They kept my glass mostly topped off. So for that, I'll leave two stars. But even that is mostly out of pity because I feel bad leaving just one star. 
Halfway through our meal they decided to stop bringing us the same three or four meats they had been bringing us. Instead they ignored not just our table, but our whole section until it got to the point that everyone was tired of sitting. And just wanted to leave. Definitely would not recommend to a friend! Luckily there are a lot of other restaurants around. So you won't be stuck with this as your only option. If it wouldn't have made a scene I would have just left without paying the bill, or demanded a refund. But I'm not a fan of making a scene so we just payed the bill and went on our way. I've never been so dissatisfied with a Brazilian steak house.笑
I had a wonderful experience here. The wait staff was attentive and nice. The food was delicious!  It is a bit on the pricey side but if you get the Rodizio and can eat a decent amount it's worth it. 

They brought around various meats cooked different ways. Everything was cooked well and full of flavor. I am a picky eater so I didn't enjoy the salad that came with the meal very much . The fried plantains looked good but my bf said they were incredibly sweet. (I have a mild allergy to bananas so I couldn't try them) The bread and dipping sauces were very flavorful though. I would eat here again for certain.笑
We were chased out of Rum Jungle for Brazilian BBQ for large groups so we ended up here.  Apparently Rum Jungle does not entertain groups larger than 10, so we took our business else where!!!

Samba is a little more traditional Brazilian than RJ with their style of serving.  The meats quality amazingly is better and service was completely night and day.  

Quality of their meats were just so so as far as Brazilian goes, I am disappointed in the fact that there were not as many variety as other places.  Although more Brazilian places tries to offer a little more healthier meats like chicken, turkey, and even fish.  Samba only offered two chicken dish and they were not all that great.  They were not serving Lamb...which is a complete waste.  The two best meats they served were the beef. Food wise it is more mediocre with a three star rating, but the additional forth star is for exceptional and attentive service.笑
Have been here a couple x's and have enjoyed the food. They take care of large parties well here and the location (Mirage) balances out the fact that perhaps the food is not quite as good as Texas de Brazil. Fun place to go with a large group.笑
I think the only meat that was worth trying was the honey glazed chicken.. The pork was really dry... And the steak was just ok.. The salad was really good though, that was the only thing other than the chicken that impress me.. Service was pretty good just the lady server though.. Food was a 2 stars and one extra star for the lady servers.笑
My expectations were lowered after reading the reviews and after coming here, why was the experience so different?  It could be that everyone's expectations are super high being on a strip restaurant with so much competition?

First of the all, the service was excellent, water and ice tea consistently filled, food came in an orderly fashion and promptly.  My waiter, Juan explained the dishes in menu and was very helpful.

After looking the menu, I didn't choose the Rodizio buffet, after a closer look reveals to be the source of the bad reviews.  Instead, I opted for the Brazilian version of seafood stew, the Moqueca ($36).

I was extremely surprised the amount of high quality seafood that comes with this dish.  You get generous portions of Chilean Sea Bass filet, large 16/20 shrimp, along with clams, mussels, snow crab legs, and scallops.  The coconut broth is very tasty which absorbs all of the seafood flavor.  This stew also includes tomatoes and kale.  The seafood was cooked right.

Another surprise is that the dish comes with a freshly made salad, black beans and rice, veggies and plantain sides!

I have a huge appetite and I could not finish everything.  I highly recommend that you order this dish, it's more than enough food for a very reasonable price.  I'm going to try the steak dishes next.笑
Smab is located in the Mirage Hotel and is part of a chain, the nearest one to my house being at City Walk in HollyWood.  In the evening hours of New Years day, 6 of us decided to give it a try.  I went to this place on a recomendation from a neighbor, who dined at the HollyWood location.  

When we arrived, I noticed the restaurant was about 30% full.  At the hostess stand to the left is a small circular bar.  It is set in the back and does not have a relaxing or friendly feeling to it.  Kinda of seculded and not inviting like a bar should be.  As I looked to the right, I saw a half circle  with a bar top facing me.  A cook was standing behind it and there was two grills behind him, where all of the bbq is cooked.  Above the grills were metal vented racks, where the large skewers of meat were resting/keeping warm.  This was the first sign that the meat could be dried out and have been sitting for awhile.

Most of us at the table ordered the Rodizio, which is the all you can eat bbq that comes out on the large skewers.  This meal came with rice, beans, fried plantains and cooked carrots.  The beans and rice were not flavorfull, but cooked well.  The meat started coming out and we sampled all of them (chicken, turkey, ham, steaks and so on).  Most of the meats were dry and lacked that real flavor I have experienced at other topnotch brazilian bbq's.  

All in all if this was in a pricey buffet I would say it was on par and pretty good.  But for $42,99 per person + drinks, I think not.  To the management, this kiinda of food cannot continue and you have got to see and tasted this stuff.  I mean skewers of meat sitting above a fire for hours tastes good?  NO.  I say you spend your money elsewhere.  I hope this helped potential diners.笑
Great prices for their food packages, especially for Vegas. For $50 you get the higher package which adds salmon and filet. $50 for all you can eat steak, chicken, pork, and salmon (not to mention the salad, pineapple, and those little bread things that taste like they have cheese baked in them.. Lol), that's unheard of in Vegas! Everything was excellent, no complaints for anything I tried. This little place was definitely a good find (a colleague set up this dinner for me so mad props to him!). Very good service as well.. I couldn't eat everything they were bringing around fast enough!

Another little tip.. Get the Caipirinha. It is a sweet rum punch with lime and natural sugar cane I believe they said. It is life changing!!笑
Not a traditional Brazilian churascuria.  No salad bar at all.  They bring you a side salad instead.  If you are used to Fogo or Texas de Brazil, thus doesn't compare.   It is $45 for all you can eat meats, but again, no massive salad bar.  If you do t care about the salad bar, you will enjoy it.  Meats are good.  They even have roasted garlic bread on a skewer.  If you are looking for a traditional churascuria with a nice salad bar, I would skip it.   But if you are all about the meat you will like it.  Nice wines also.  Not cheap, but not outrageous either.   A bottle if Louis martini for $45.  All being said I would not return.笑
If you're a vegetarian, stay away! This is a meat lover's paradise Brazilian style located at the Mirage.  All of us ordered the Rodizio all-you-can-eat rice, beans, creamed spinach. and a huge assortment of grilled meats.  The rice and beans were spicy and alive with flavor while the meats (from chicken to flank steak to sirloin to pork loin and more) were juicy and rare.  The Brazilian Caipirinha cocktail was refreshing and fabulous.

Hint: Don't fill up on the bread and intro salad - the best is yet to come.  10+ types of grilled meat for $38.95 per person. 

Bem Feito!笑
If you love meat and don't mind seeing people walking around the Casino.  You'll love this place!  It's a bit loud and hard to hear what the peeps at the other end of your table are saying, but you'll be too busy eatin' away. The dudes come out with the meet on the metal/skewer and put it on your plate! Not too shabby....

Recommendations:   THE ALL YOU CAN EAT RODIZIO EXPERIENCE笑
In one word terrible. In summary no idea how they can call themselves a Brazilian steakhouse. Both meat service and waiter service almost non existent. My first clue should have been how empty it was for dinner. Meats were fatty and chewy. They seemed offended if you asked for something out of their serving order. If you have ever been to Fogo or Texas de Brazil you will leave here disappointed.笑
Since I have been low-carbing it lately, SBS seemed like the perfect choice to get our nosh on while we commemorated 20 years of marriage.  We were right.  Lots of protein options which were all pretty tasty, except the lamb and chicken were quite dry. Their house salad was wonderful.  Service was pretty good.  Overall, a fun dining experience ... but I think Yoli's does Brazil better.笑
Hubs and I were waiting for Tosh 2.0 to start and all the bars were super packed at this hotel.  We noticed that no one was sitting at the bar at Samba, so we decided to be guinea pigs and sit there.

The drinks were ok.  Nothing that I would ever go back for.  Lucky for the bartender, because we were sitting at the bar, we apparently drew others in and before you know it, he had about 6 couples sitting there.  Hope he made some good tips!  :)笑
Las Vegas staying at TI casino having fun and winning money. Hungry for a steak so we went next door to the Mirage Hotel. Samba Brazilian BBQ calling my name. Around $44 dollars a person not bad at all. Salad, Spicy Black Beans and Rice with fried plantain and vegetables delish. Here comes the first wave of meats . WOW! What a major disappointment Lamb no flavor and big chunk of fat. The chicken was very good but most of the other meats dry and burnt. If you really want Brazilian BBQ spend the money on the tables and go to FoGo de Chao restaurants. More better food and better cuts of meats you don't have to wait for the food to come it is always at your table and with flavor.笑
We came in with the MyVegas 2 for 1 and bought a 3rd. We all thought it was worth the money. There are 2 options, 1 with salmon and fillet minion and 1 without. Personal favorite was the lamb and sirloin. They give you bread with stuffed cheese that is delicious. I have already recommended to multiple friends and I've only been out of the restaurant for a few minutes.笑
I should give less stars so that the masses will stay away. I like that there have not been long lines lately!

This place is great! Easily on my top 3 Vegas stops.

MMM. :)笑
The first time my husband and I ate here, we were totally floored by the Brazilian BBQ.  We've never experienced anything like it before.  Of course, for our second trip (which ended up being a college reunion party) we had learned to leave most of the salad and other condiments off our plates and fill up on those wonderful meats.  The key is to pace yourself and enjoy a little of everything.  It's hard when all-you-can-eat skewers and skewers keep coming to your table.  A little flank steak, a little chicken, some pork...  before you know it, you need to be rolled out of the restaurant.  It's a fun place for two, but it's a great place for a party with your friends.笑
Attentive service, food was good, little pricey. I don't think I would return because it was overpriced and not all that impressive. 

The best part of dinner was the salad and the garlic rolls that they serve with the chicken legs. Yum!笑
So I and 4 other friends came here over the weekend to try out their food as we are big foodies and obviously take our yelping very seriously lol Anyways, for 3 of us including myself, it was our first time at a Brazilian steak house. It's located inside the Mirage hotel. They give you 2 choices, $10 difference between the two, and the pricier one has 2 more additional items on it. We all went with the lower costing one. Staff was friendly, surroundings were nice, but honestly I just didn't feel wow'd. In the beginning the gave you a salad which they never came back and asked if any of us wanted more. Aside from the meet that they slice off for you, they bring these side dishes which also not impressive. Tiny bowl of veggies, medium bowl of rice and beans, tiny bowl of fried plantains that were way too sweet, and then they have their version of garlic bread on skewers too. All the things Ive heard about from their competitors and coming here I just feel let down. Dont get me wrong, the employees were great. I just wish the food was more bold and flavorful.笑
I first had Samba in 2005. My husband and I eat here almost every trip to Las Vegas. I have had family members order off the menu and they enjoyed their meals, but rodizio Is the way to go here. You start with a salad and bread. Then they bring out your side items: glazed carrots, plantains, creamed spinach, rice and beans. I love the carrots and plantains. The typical meat offerings are sausages, chicken wings, bacon-wrapped turkey, sirloin steak, flank steak, lamb, teriyaki chicken, pork and pineapple. The pork and pineapple is my favorite part. The pineapple is honey glazed before they cook it and it is fantastic! Definitely the highlight. They also have garlic bread and vegetables now. It is pricey at about $35 per person but go hungry because it is worth it.笑
Didn't try the brazillian bbq here... just had appetizers. 

Wings... too salty
Chicken Satay... too dry/overcooked, but flavor ok
Prawns... over battered, but tasted ok
Ceviche (shrimp)... not the best but edible
Salsa and garlic oil dip... yummy
 Po de Queijo (cheese bread)... way too oily and have had muuuuuch better versions of this else where. 
Drinks... strong and good (sapphire tonic and their special cocktail... forgot the name of it).笑
This was the first brazilian steakhouse I ever tried in Vegas so it will always play a special roll in my heart.  The food is outrageous....  Must go to this place if you like meat!笑
We are regulars to Fogo de Chao in Minneapolis every year on our son's birthday
But since we are in Vegas and staying at the Mirage we thought we would give Samba a try..
Plus: same price as Fogo
Negative: everything else! Poor service, no salad bar, quality and taste of meat not even close to Fogo!
We were there late in the evening( 9:00) and it was obvious that everyone just wanted us to leave. I didn't realize that 9:00 dinner in Las Vegas was late! 
There is a burger and beer place next door and throughout dinner I was looking at a poster at the burger place thinking " is it too late to get up and grab a burger?"
The answer should have been, get up and go
We stayed, we payed, and we will NEVER return!
Too many options in Vegas to settle for bad food and service!笑
NOT THE LEAST BIT AUTHENTIC!!!!

I can't get over the reviews on this post. I'm sorry but this place should not be considered a Brazilian Restaurant by any means.  I have been to Brazil and had excellent Rodizio experiences. I have been to New York, Philadelphia and actually Charlotte and had great Rodizio experiences but this one is for the birds. 

Where do I start? 

oh, the pre-buffet with Fish...oh right, they don't have that so I can't tell you how that was....
The meat. Very very so-so in my Book. The best meat being that last to come out, the Picanta (sp) Flank Steak. It was the ONLY choice of meat to taste Brazilian in nature with obvious sea salt and garlic added. The chicken was very bland without ANY hit of lime or garlic. and the Ribs were also lacking in taste - usually my favorite part of this experience. I could find the taste of the grill on only about 2 choices of meats. The sausage was very dry as well. And they didn't serve any brisket or chicken hearts. Again....how is this place considered 'Brazilian?'

The experience? 
Usually, Brazilian eating is like a celebration but the waiters looked hurried and one selection of meat was extreeemly rare and another was cold. I didn't want to object with my 7 guests when I was there but this place really really bothered me. At least the drinks were strong but even they were screwed up. We ordered larges and the drinks came out in a very strange fishing bowl type of glass which you couldn't even pick up. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place!!!

On top of that, they were playing mexican music in Spanish. Words to the wise...Brazilians speak Portuguese and they have very limited horns in their samba music. If i wanted to hear mexican music, I would go to a mexican restaurant. The name of the place is Samba....how about a little Samba music instead??

Ok. enough of my bitch'in....if you're familiar with any kind of Brazilian Steakhouses, this place will leave you very disappointed. If you're a tourist looking to fill up with meat and drinks - enjoy.... I'm going to try Pompas (sp) next in Planet Hollywood...hopefully, they're are better.笑
Allergy-friendly, rave reviews on the sausage and sides. Grilled pineapple and lime chicken? Brilliant. Good customer service in a city that generally disregards the practice. Nice job.笑
With a group of 9. Those that ordered the All-you-can-eat meat ($40) probably had the best meal. 4 of our party ordered steaks off the menu and, as others have stated, they were thin, over-cooked and pretty tasteless. They were supplied with a couple of sauces to give them some flavor. 

The cream spinach was OK and the fried plantains weren't too bad. Bread wasn't much. 

Service was OK, but not outstanding. Quite noisy, but it is open to casino. 

All in all, not so great, for the price. Steaks were $34 and there is a $10 plate charge for sharing entrees (not allowed on all-you-can-eat). Tab was $600 for 9 people.

Over-priced, as is every place in the Mirage.

For the $$, you can certainly geet a much better meal elsewhere.笑
I've been to a few Brazilian Steak Houses in my day...and this was by far the worst. Sorry guys....I wasn't impressed.

Other Brazilian steak houses have an AMAZING salad bar. This place doesn't even have one. You have the option of getting the all-you-can-eat meat or a regular meal (for about the same price). Get get the same sides no matter which one you choose (it's a lot of food). We didn't go with the all-you-can-eat surprisingly...because it didn't look that good from what we saw. And we didn't see much. Usually the "meat guys" are running around constantly with something new. I maybe saw 3 guys coming around the entire time we were there. I don't think you would get your money's worth. 

I decided to get a steak instead. It was not the best steak I've ever had. It was pretty fatty. The drinks are very good - I will give them that. Their service is also lacking. Our waitress was not very friendly or helpful, and she barely came to our table. We had to flag her down quite a few times.

I wouldn't come back here again. There are plenty of other place to dine within the Mirage and Vegas.笑
Pretty much your typical "Brazilian" style all you can eat place. I enjoyed it and had some good meats. It is less formal and of lesser quality than other restaurants I have been to that have the same restaurant format but I think this is just true of Vegas in general. It was a good quality meal that was quick and easy if you are pressed for time.  A good place to stop by if you are needing a place to eat before seeing LOVE.笑
Sort of a race to see who can shove the most meat into their bodies the fastest.  The food was okay at this place, but it does take them a long time to bring around the different meats so if you find one you like, you might get a little bit and not get a chance for more for another half hour.  Its really small and crowded for a casino restaurant, the side dishes were weak, and the drinks were expensive.  

Maybe I was just disappointed at the wait, even with a reservation, but I would never be excited about going back here笑
I'm a Brazilian. This restaurant is far to be Brazilian. It's offensive to me when they serve cold meat.  The lack of experience of the waiters cutting meat is almost a joke. Poor salad and beans without flavor. Also weak Caipirinhas. Some of the meat were good, some flavorless.笑
I didn't do the Rodizio, just got a plate and appetizers, so this is not a full review. Though the sauce that came with the free pre-appetizers was very good, the chicken was OK, didn't do anything for me.笑
Came here with a reservation at 7:30 for dinner. It was pretty packed.

We were sat down around 7:45 or so, so not bad. Now, I am a HUGE Ipanema fan in the downtown Seattle area, so I figured I would LOVE this place as well. Anytime Rodizio is offered with high quality meats and sides makes me salivate in thought.

We sat down and told the waiter we were going to do the rodizio option. They left but didn't fill our waters for about 10 minutes. Now walking around in the Vegas sun we were really thirsty so this was rather annoying. Once they came back we started our first course which was a salad. This salad was pretty good as it contained garbanzo beans, olives, and many more different types of veggies. So far, we had been impressed. Now they brought our sides out which was different than Ipanema. The sides are served family style at your table so you don't have to get up to get them (we probably needed the walking). 

Now our first meats were very tasty but one thing really screwed this up. Our waitor/host didn't tell us about the red/green "salt-shaker" kind of thing that tells the meat deliverers whether we are done or not. Now I am a Rodizio veteran and normally know how this works but never had seen it in this form/didn't notice it on the table by the other tools. So basically, we hadn't had any meats for about 10-15 minutes and all of our sides had gotten cold. This was pretty dissapointing, as the waiter did not tell us about this.

Now if we had done this right I probably would give another star or so, but the experience wasn't as enjoyable as it should have been.

But the meats were gooooood... :)笑
The food here is horrible and the service is horrible.  Don't waste your money!!!!! You will be disappointed. I love Brazilian anything and never had a bad thing to say until now.  This place is disgusting and the food was nasty.  I been to tons of brazilian restaurants and this is nothing like any of them. No cheese bread either.笑
Brazilian Steakhouses are really cool if you're really hungry.  I didn't come for the all you can eat meatfeast.  In fact, I was surprise to see a menu, so since I wasn't too hungry, I thought this place would be perfect.  The meal was good, but the selection on the menu were very limited.  Too bad, since the meatfeast items looked really great.笑
Had the all you can eat meat variety. All the meats were excellent & the chimi churi was to die for, but the chicken wrapped w/bacon was terrible, freezer burn! Unacceptable!笑
This place wasn't terrible, but I certainly think of it as the poor man's Texas de Brazil/Via Brasil/Fogo de Chao. It's at least $10 cheaper for the rodizio dinner than the other three churrascarias I've been to and you definitely get what you pay for.

My boyfriend and I were originally going to go to The Steak House at Circus Circus, but they were completely booked for the next few hours (this was around 7) and we wanted to check out Fright Dome, which was open from 7 - midnight. We felt like steak, though, and I did a quick search on yelp and this place came up nearby. We decided we'd check out this Brazilian steakhouse, since we been to a few others and liked what they offered.

The first thing we noticed was that there was no salad bar. When you're seated, they give you the usual Brazilian cheese bread (not as good as the others, imo), which I just found out is called pão de queijo, and some other crackers; with them came chimichurri and pico de gallo. A busser came by with a bowl of salad a few moments later and plopped it down on our plates. Unlike what the menu says, it is not tossed tableside. I think it was prepared prior to our arrival, maybe extra salad that was prepared for some another table, because the greens were a little soggy with dressing. It wasn't terrible, but it looked like it wasn't made for us. Well, actually, the lettuce also looked a little old, so it just might've been wilted because of that rather than soggy. Either way, I wasn't impressed.

Next, they came by with side dishes. We were given a bowl of rice and black beans with a dollop of pesto on top, creamed spinach, cooked carrots, and fried plantains. At Texas de Brazil and Via Brasil, they don't give you side dishes unless you order them. At Fogo de Chao, they gave them to us. We were confused at first and thought they accidentally mixed up tables, but I don't know for sure. Anyway, I've come to the conclusion that Samba doesn't give you the choice because 1) they come around very little to offer you meat and 2) they have a short menu for their rodizio dinner, so they let you pick at the side dishes while you wait 10+ minutes between servers with skewers.

The service left something to be desired. Our original waiter didn't come back for like an hour and even then, he didn't even come back because he felt the need to check on us. The busser had been serving us and taking care of our drinks; he wasn't very attentive with refilling drinks (we were there for an hour and he refilled my water once and my boyfriend managed to order a second beer). I don't really blame him, though, because it seemed like, besides the servers carrying around skewers, there seemed to be only three other people on the waitstaff. I saw him a lot (Ramiro I think his name was), but our original waiter was rarely seen.

My boyfriend (let's just call him J) made several unsuccessful attempts to flag Ramiro and other servers down to ask for the check. When he finally got his attention, he said he would let our waiter know, which was funny because J actually made eye contact earlier and raised his hand to get our waiter's attention, but he still walked away from us. He was only standing at the next table over. After the busboy walked away, our waiter gave us the check and it took another 10 minutes for him to come back and take it. J was complaining that he probably could've walked to an ATM to get cash and just left it on the table. I said we probably could've dined and dashed and they wouldn't have noticed.

J was surprised that for a place on the Strip, this place was lacking in every area. The only perk, he said, was that it was the cheapest place we'd been to, but I pointed out that you get what you pay for. I would gladly pay another $10 to have service. SERVICE. Not better or more service -- just to have anyone come by at all would be great. Samba is considerably smaller than the other churrascarias yet as busy as the other places get, their servers are on top of everything. I've seen meats cycle around at least twice during the meal. I rarely saw Samba's servers and only one came by twice, though at that point, we were already full of side dishes and drinks to have anything else. It isn't so much "all you can eat" as it is "eat as much as we give you... whenever we feel like showing up." Or maybe "here, have some side dishes."

I don't know if they were down a few people tonight or what, but they could certainly use more people on their staff and their current staff needs to up their game.

Toward the end of our visit, while waiting for someone to pick up our check, I looked at J and said, "Never again." He wholeheartedly agreed.笑
Ok, I was back in Vegas again last week for business.  Samba is always the first place I start craving to eat at whenever I'm in Vegas, so as usual, went there again on my first night in town.  Although the Rodizio (meat served continuously from servers carrying skewers of it around) is the most popular thing to order (and really very good in terms of variety, taste and portion)...but I always eat too much when I do the all-u-can eat thing.  

So, I did my "plan b" for when I'm not totally ravenous...I ordered the Mahogany Glazed Salmon.  Their salmon is AWESOME, prepared in a different way than I've ever had Salmon anywhere else.  Not exactly sure what's in the Mahogany glaze, but it sure makes Salmon dee-licious!  It still comes with their amazing bread (I love the little cheese rolls with the dipping sauces they bring), their fresh-tossed salad which is great, and their rice/beans, creamed spinach, candied carrots & plantains.  I can't decide if I like their side dishes or their entrees better, I literally eat everything on my plate there.  

Oh, and this last time, I bumped it up a notch and tried their key lime pie for dessert.  I grew up eating the key lime pie at Joe's Stonecrabs (in Miami Beach, and more recently Chicago and Vegas).  Joe's key lime pie is the "benchmark standard" of key lime pie.  However, I have to say, I think Samba's gives Joe's a run for their money, it was about the best pie I've ever tasted...definately will be having it again next time I'm in Vegas!  

I'm almost afraid to post this review, and I hope all of y'all don't decide to go to Samba's and make it impossible for me to get a table!  And no, I'm not a shareholder in this restaurant, or in the Mirage, though I sure wish I was!  I'm just glad this restaurant is a 5 hour drive from where I live in San Diego, otherwise I would be so huge I'd have to ride around on a Rascal Scooter!笑
Staying at the Mirage so I decided to give this place a try. Since I was going solo I decided to sit at the bar. The bartender was engaging even though he was busy, explained the menu and recommendation on drinks. I ordered the Rodizio, which is basically an all you can eat grilled meat selection with sides. It's apparently brought to you on a skewer and put on a platter (I was at the bar so I got a platter of meat). 

I order some ginormous drink called a Caipirinha (actually I had 2) and it kicked my butt pretty good. I went on to gamble away 50 bucks in the casino without hesitation and called it a night. 

Anyway, the food was good, got a bit loud because of a group of frat boys, good selection of meats from chicken to lamb to marinated steak and some sides of veges (creamed spinach, carrots, rice & beans). The bill was $80, but I did have a good amount to drink. Worth a try. -Dan O.笑
Samba is an absolute must-go if you are in Las Vegas. The setting is colorful and fun, the Rodizio is outstanding, and the service is fantastic. Even before our food arrived, we were served a delicious salad and some plantains, which were great starts to our meal. Next were the meats - each one was perfectly cooked and loaded with so much flavor. If you appreciate good-quality meats, GO TO SAMBA! Aside from the food, the hostess, Serena, was friendly and welcoming. Throughout our meal, Linda (the manager) would check to make sure we had everything we needed and tried all of the meats we wanted to. It is rare that I find a restaurant with such an attentive and respectful manager like Linda.笑
SAMBA BRAZILIAN STEAKHOUSE
If you're tired of all the endless buffets in Las Vegas, stop by Samba in the Mirage for either the Brazilian all-you-can-at meatfest or simply, a delicious Brazilian dinner. The ambiance is quite nice here, as red is the dominant color. We sat at the bar right before the BEATLES LOVE show and had a fantastic dinner of pork chops and salmon. Eat entree comes with large sides, including sweet potatoes, plantaines, black beans, etc. The portions were absolutely huge!!! Just the sides alone constitute a meal in itself. The sweet chutney sauce on the pork chops was wonderful! Service was top-notch, as they rushed our order so we could get to the show. Next time, time to try the meatfest!!!笑
For an an unusual experience during Restaurant Week, I, my wife, and two friends ventured out to the Mirage for a Brazilian rodizio churrasco dinner at Samba.  I walked inside the restaurant with an open mind, not knowing whether or not this would be a memorable meal.

The beginning was auspicious.  We were seated in a beautiful reserved booth with a view of the entire dining room and part of the outlying casino floor that the hostess called "the best seats" in the place.  Soon afterward, our server introduced himself and described the churrasco experience and "green light, red light" system by which to indicate if more cuts of  various meats were desired to be brought to the table, or to be held in abeyance for a time.  We then each informed our server that we were all interested in ordering the special Restaurant Week rodizio offering, and the presentations began.

Samba Salad was a very tasty complex salad including Garbanzo Beans, Beets, Hearts of Palm, Kalamata Olives, tomatoes, Feta Cheese, and of course field greens.  After being asked to indicate how much salad we wanted ladled on our plates, our wishes were honored to the letter.  But the rolls and other bread products set on the table were bland and not very flavorful.

Then we were brought side dishes of hard vegetables like Brussels Sprouts & Carrots,  good Black Beans, and very good sweet Plantains, along with some Pico de Gallo and a kicky sauce of minced garlic in an oily foundation for spicing up the meats to come.  In fact, because various cuts of beef were mostly bland, the garlic sauce did improve the taste of these entrees.  

In no particular order, we were brought two types of Top Sirloin and Flank Steak, Garlic Toast, Chicken Legs, Roasted Pork & Pineapple, slices of lamb, sausage & Sweet Peppers, and well-received hunks of Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade wrapped in tangy bacon, which was Diane's and my personal favorite.         

Included dessert consisted of a selection of small but rich and interesting parfaits, including Mocha Cinnamon with Chocolate Mousse.  After I often forgot to put on the brakes with a red light, the skewered meats kept coming, and we hardly needed these refreshing meal enders.  

This restaurant without walls reflected a very nice colorful South American ambiance, with very comfortable seating.  And service was very good: both proactive in refilling water glasses, and responsive to diners' requests for more specific food items.      

3-1/2 stars overall, largely because most cuts of meat were bland.笑
Dude.  Don't waste your money.  The only thing that was really good was the salad.  So get a salad and a water if you need a snack then go somewhere else for dinner.

My friend got the caprihini (sp?) and couldn't drink it, he called it "firewater" lol.  

The side dishes were ok.  The beans ok, the carrots too sweet, the spinach pretty good.  The bread at the beginning was good too, round little puffs with cheese in the middle and a garlicky olive oil dipping sauce.  We did ask for more plantains, I will give them that.

But the meat.  Come on people, isn't this place supposed to specialize in meat?  One chicken dish was good, the turkey was good, and I was the only one who cared for the soy marinated steak.  The rest... blah.  the ribs... inedible hunks of bone covered in grease and fat.  are you serious?  really.  come on now.  what a waste of $40 a person!  I would much rather go to Stripburger and eat for 10 bucks or so....  Let's just say I was very disappointed...笑
Just a bit above average in my book but for Vegas standards it falls short. I wasn't really impressed with their meat selection, most of it felt a bit over cooked(I love rare) and the salmon was salty. Sides were ok. I really expected better food. I must say the service was great, workers there have a sense of humor笑
SambaSamba Steakhouse is a fun experience all around. Now, I can't rave about my experience because this restaurant did not supply the WOW factor. To start off, this Brazilian Steakhouse offers two types of menus: the endless meats and salads, or you may order directly from the menu. We ordered the endless meats, salad, and sides. I truly enjoyed the salad, however I would have wishes that the salad be left at our table for use to continue to enjoy throughout our meal. Yet, the meats were okay, when we could receive some. The restaurant servers were very slow in bringing the various meats around; even when our card was turned to green. Now, I must say that we arrived at the restaurant exactly when they opened and their were only four other parties seated inside of this establishment as well. So, I can't quite understand why the service was so slow?!?! Now, the highlight of my dinning experience came when our drinks arrived. The alcoholic beverages served were excellent! 
Overall, this is a good restaurant inside of the Mirage, but if your looking for an up beat Brazilian restaurant, this might not be the spot for you.笑
Good foods and Great service. Get the all you can eat meat.  Ask for Laura to be your server. She is the best. Will be back again when in Vegas.笑
You have some opportunities to eat some unique foods here, and can spend an fortune if you want to... Of the foods I've had elsewhere (Hamachi, Tunu, Sushi Rolls) this place does not stack up well.. However, I was able to get a very wide variety of offerings, including kobe beef which we cooked at our table on a heated rock... very cool.  IMO, I think this place is best if you have wads of cash and want to impress some drunken business clients...You should start by ordering some very expensive wine and sake, get them loosened up, and then they won't mind so much their well presented by mostly bland offerings.笑
I have had Brazilian food at a couple of other places not in Vegas but in LA and SD. This place was average. We got the all you can eat and it was decent not amazing but good. The best thing we got as the beer chicken and salad笑
Ate here last night and had 'the Rodizio Experience'.  It was a wonderful meal! They told us we could get the meats at any cooking temperature we prefer and kept returning with sword after sword of juicy, well seasoned meats.  At first I was a bit disappointed they didn't have a salad bar, but really loved the salad they served to the table with their signature roasted vegetables dressing.  We realized they filled us up on meat instead of the cheaper salad ingredients too.  Excellent service, the manager even came around twice to check on us.  We will definitely return!笑
I had the fillet mignon and was amazing! I haven't had a meal this good in...forever!! We loved it and would come back every night if we could! My husband had the ribeye and loved it!  I recommend this place to any red blooded American!笑
Not one of the better Brazilian steak houses. Wait staff was relatively inattentive. We had to ask for drink menus, finished our drinks about halfway through the meal and we were never asked for more. After a few rounds the servers just stopped coming around with the skewers.笑
WORST Experience I have ever had.
 
When I made Reservations , the person was so kind, seemed to have all our concerns and requests down. We would have 4 kids 1 Autistic, she is not a problem but cannot eat anything there but maybe bread. We had a birthday. there would be 4 adults 4 kids. 
There were only 4 tables with customers at the  time we arrived , it never got busy. 
1. we arrive and were sat next to the kitchen , I mean almost in it. 3 of us  up against a wall , waited over! 20 minutes to be acknowledge. Had to beg for some water , guy came back splashed water all over us reallllyyyy fast went around , missed 2 of us. He ran so fast off , we had to wait until someone walked by , begged again, never came back.
2 . 45 minutes later starving , thirsty, a guy came by asked if we (did not introduce in anyway himself) wanted a drink from the bar , we said at this point we needed water and were ready to order. OK he said and ran off.
3. can back went around took order , let him know about our Autistic girl and please don't put anything on her plate . OK and he went off, STILL NO WATER. WE now find out there is NO SALAD BAR! FALSE ADVERTISING!!
4. Now over an hour , we catch a guy with water walking past, we beg for some. Now a guy brings 5 tiny rolls and plops them in the middle of the table and  runs off. WE all jump on them like we have not eaten in 9 hours, and fight over them. Then beg someone again walking by for some more explaining there are 9 of us and 5 rolls. NOTHING.
5. Here comes the salad from the guy who took our order, looks like its been sitting around for a while SOAKY gross, he goes around plopping it on the plates , we see him going toward are 6 year old we told him NOT  to put anything on her plate, we all start yelling NO ,NO,Poor thing she starts yelling  NO THANK YOU! NO THANK YOU! HE PLOPS IT ON HER PLATE, AND SAYS TOO LATE! . We could not believe it.
6. We finally had a few people stop by with some meat, not very many or much because we were in a corner and hard to get to. All but one of the meats were REALLY BAD, TUFF AND UN EATABLE. 
7. The sides were awful except for the Plantains , black beans watery from a can, white rice that was crispy, gross zucchini. The rolls were great buy we only got 9 , so I didn't get any, there was not enough.
8. Now we had not seen the guy, who apparently was our waiter, in over an hour, I had to ask a guy walking by again for some water , he said I would have to ask my waiter WHAT? WE HAVE A WAITER?  HE WAS LIKE AHHHH I THINK SO AND LEFT. 
9 . THEN he got us water. We sat for another 40 minutes finally I got up and said we needed our bill, here comes our waiter drops it off and runs , no how is everything or any words. I look at it and they charged us for all the kids for the over 10 price INCLUDING THE 6 YEAR OLD THAT ATE NOTHING AND HAD A MELT DOWN BECAUSE OF THE WAITER!! 
10 WAITED AGAIN ANOTHER 15 MINUTES. i GOT up went to the manager said we have a 1,4, 6 and 8 year old, oh oh he said , he came back and took off 1 of them, 
11. we had a birthday, no mention of that, but at this point we wanted out of there.

HERE.S THE KICKER I WAS CHANGED OVER 50 BUCKS FOR AT TIP!! BECAUSE THERE WAS  9 OF US , BUT 5 WERE KIDS. This was bad but made worse. and I tried to talke to them they were so rude!! 
I have tried to call 7 times, no call back WE have a child with a disability and witnesses . 
DO NOT EAT HERE.笑
I like this place.  It's a fun atmosphere, and the food is good.  But, my favorite thing to get is the Caipirinha.  I think you can also get a pitcher.笑
Went here on a whim, and my girlfriend and I were a little tipsy when we went.  We went right when they opened, and I can't believe I ever overlooked this place before.  It's so incredibly awesome!  The price is not bad, and the food is very good!

That said we didn't do the BBQ, so I can't comment on how the unlimited meat tastes or the quality.笑
The overall dining experience here was good. Great variety of meats available. Beef at medium/medium rare were nice and juicy...anything more cooked was kinda dry. The salad and side dishes were excellent. Staff was amazing and very good explaining the different choices of meat cuts.笑
If you are a fan of Brasilian Barbecue avoid this place like the plague.  Service was ok, but the food was horrendous.  Meat choices were very limited (sirloin, pork (very dry), sausage (overcooked and tasteless), chicken (tasteless marinade) and turkey.  Side dishes were laughable at best (boiled carrots).

And if you are visiting with friends who like meat - and you like just a good salad, forget it.  Most Brasilian BBQ places have outstanding salad bars for those who are hot carnivores, but this place had a limp "fresh green" salad with out of the bottle dressing.

Impressed?  Not so much.  Never again.笑
My husband and I have been coming here for years. Everytime we go on vacation to Las Vegas we always make a point to eat here. Recently we went here and will never be going back. The waitress and the female manager were extremely rude, and I found lipstick on my water glass after I had been drinking on it. I do not wear lipstick! Needless to say this made me sick to my stomach. I ask to speak with the manager and when she came over she tried to argue with me that the glass had gone through a dishwasher so it should be fine. Disgusting! This place went from awesome to awful. Not to mention the meat sampler that they are known four has gone downhill. My husband was extremely disappointed with the quality of the meat and the way it was cooked. Normally when we leave there he is raving about the meat... I do not recommend anyone wasting your money on this place.笑
AMAZING!!!!!!!!

If you go here before a show, remember to take your time....because honey, you want to stick around for the all you can eat MEAT!!!!

My boyfriend an I "shared" the $40 meat fest....not in the rules to share, but he would slip me pieces of meat when he got his share. It was magic. 

Flank steak? Yes, please! Lamb? Don't mind if I do. Bacon wrapped turkey? Um YES!

It was incredibly filling and ridiculously good. 

We also order the crab cakes to make it look like I wasn't sharing, pretty clever, eh? Those were awesome as well.......no filler, just crab and a bit of seasoning, crab was the star of this show!

And yes, we enjoyed a pitcher of sangria as well.

They give you a wooden block that has one side painted green, and one side is red (to indicated whether you want more meat) Keep it green and make your stomach happy!笑
We had a great meal here last week, both ordering the all you can eat rodizio option.  Favorites included the picanha, the fraldinha, the lamb, and the Portuguese sausage.  All seasoned well, especially when slathered with the fantastic chimichurri.

The servers were wonderful, offering descriptions of each meat selection as they brought it to the table.  Unlike some of the other Brazillian steakhouses I've been to, the wait times for additional rounds of meat here were very minimal. Sometimes you'd get blindsided by three servers in rapid succession, leaving you scrambling to flip over the Go/Don't Go token to make it stop!

We'd go back.笑
Wow, just wow. I had the Rodizio All-You-Can-Eat Experience and I can say that my dining experience was ruined. 

First off, most of the meats were bland and dry. Now I  finally understand why Gordon Ramsay would take a bite out of a terrible meal and not really eat anymore after that.  He was not being a jerk like some people make him out to be. I too, would be upset if I was fed an injustice done to food. I would rather starve instead of continuing eating terrible food. I just lost my appetite. It was like a punch to the face and I dislocated my jaw. I couldn't stand chewing through their meats. All the meats were basically bunched up in the same spot and seems as if it was cooked on a timer. No attention or care for the meats at all. It does not make sense to me that different meats would be cooked in the same way.

I would say the service is between terrible to mediocre. What confused me during my dining experience though is that one of the servers denied my group a slice of meat because it seems that these servers are assigned tables and that table only. I just wanted my meat! Not only that, but the wait between getting the meats were long. If the meat were decent enough, then I would be staring at an empty plate most of the time. Of course, this wasn't the case since I just couldn't stomach most of the meats after a bite so I just left it to sit on my plate. I feel bad for wasting meat, but it was just that bad.

I had mostly the flank steak and there was no consistency. The first few cuts were medium rare and then towards the end it was extremely rare. The only consistency though was the dryness of the meat. It was so dry that there were no signs of blood anywhere even though the piece was extremely rare. What kind of technique would you have to use to be able to obtain this result? I also had the pineapple, which I was hoping to be a saving grace to add some flavor to the meats, but it was too sweet for my palate and the charred parts tasted like burned marshmallows.

In terms of the Bazilian experience, it was so so. They start you off with pao de quijo and chips. The pao de quijo was absolutely wrong. it was more like a piece of bread if anything. Next was the rice, beans, and sweet plantain, then the salad. I didn't really go for the appetizers since I wanted the meat experience, but my companion did say he enjoyed the beans.

Overall, I spent almost $60 for the meal, tax, and tip (even with a discount!) and I felt I did not get the experience that I paid for. I do not recommend Samba at all, especially if you are a meat eater. I would not even come back even if they managed to improve on the food and service.笑
This was fantastic. I want to  go back once  a week. The sides came out well, although odd, who wants beans? The meat dishes were flavorful and plentiful. This was a fun dining experience and will be at the top of my list to re-visit. The staff and restaurant are great笑
Would give negative stars if it was possible

I took a trip to Vegas to have fun with my fiancé. The food was alright, was expecting a lot more from them. Not only that I had to hunt down a waiter to get started on us. It's not even a big restaurant to not be on top of things. The service was horrible... No warm greeting, no personality or smile. Just a straight serious face!! Also rushed us out of there, they were wiping down the table while  we were still sitting. So ridiculous!!!!!!

I did not tip them at all only because the service was beyond horrible. They need to work on that besides the food. I know it's Vegas n they'll always have people come in no matter what, but doesn't mean they should lack in customer service!! 

Even McDonald's have better service than they do. Would not recommend it. If you want Brazilian food, I suggest to don't half ass it by going here. Hunt down a authentic one.笑
RODIZIO MENU

During the last three months I've been to Vegas three times. I've eaten at great restaurants (Bacchanal Buffet and Gordon Ramsey Steakhouses) and restaurants at a great deal (Le Village Buffet where I was able to redeem $25 and only pay $7 for the buffet). This third time around in Vegas I was expecting to eat well. However I've been disappointed with the restaurants with a lot of hype, Mesa Grill and Bellagio Buffet, that weren't that great. On my final night, which was last night, I ate here for dinner before the Cirque du Soleil Beatles' Love. Since the World Cup this year is in Brazil why not have my final dinner at a Brazilian steakhouse. I ordered the rodizio menu, which is all you can eat meat that is served in a spit rod. My rating is solely based on the rodizio menu. The first time I went to a Brazilian steakhouse and ordered the rodizio menu was at Pampas in Palo Alto. So I have some comparison to make. The highlights were the tender flank steak, moist lamb leg, and juicy sirloin. I also like the condiments of rice and beans and chimichurri sauce, which is a sauce originated in Argentina. The chimichurri sauce is great with the sirloin, flank steak, and lamb. The only dish I didn't like was the pork as I was it was dry and stringy. I won't say it as regret, but since I ate at the Bellagio Buffet the night before I didn't eat as much as I did at Samba. The value of ordering the rodizio menu is better than ordering just a steak as you get different varieties of meat. 

However the rodizio menu at Samba isn't up to par to Pampas in Palo Alto. That might not be fair to make a comparison however a trip to Vegas is already expensive enough. With the amount of money you're going to spend while at Vegas I think the comparison is fair. There were more steak varieties at Pampas while at Samba there were only two kinds - sirloin and flank. In addition the flank steak at Pampas just melts in your mouth. Also one exotic item that was served at Pampas chicken hearts was not available at Samba. Overall even though I gave the same rating Samba like I did for Mesa Grill and Bellagio Buffet, the rodizio menu at Samba was the best meal I had during this Vegas trip.笑
We arrived with about 20 minutes to spend eating on dinner before our concert started, they sat us quickly and started to shove all the beautiful meat at us. It was great! Staff was friendly and accomodating, would definitely go back for more!笑
First time and Really enjoyed. Reason not 5 stars is because there looked like only one Waitress for the whole restaurant. The helper was Wonderful and prompt with bread, water etc but toooo long a wait for the bill and a few steps between.  Should have replaced one of the 2-3 hostesses with a waitress.笑
Great food, great prices for the all you can eat! Service is on the good side, but it was very busy & they try to please all customers. If your on strip, walking and not driving, then Samba's is the place to eat! It's kinda of the best of everything but of coarse you can find just a little better but you got to drive out. but for the strip, this is it! Ate here for the first time with my friends on my bachlor party night and then a few months later, I took my wife here to try and she love's it.笑
This is the worst Brazilian BBQ I have ever had....and I have eaten at many of the best in Brazil and Miami. The meat was poor and not authentic brazilian BBQ cuts. The sides were even worse. I love sweet, fried plantains but the ones they served were not even edible. Don't bother to eat here.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurant's in Vegas. Excellent food and drinks at a very good price...especially for dinner on the strip! I try and go every trip.笑
My first trip to Samba was four years ago, and it stuck in my mind. That being said, I made reservations for last Friday, Nov 13. 

Service was fantastic. Table was great. $60 for dinner for me with a couple of drinks is a lot, so I expected a lot.

It was a great meal, didn't disappoint. Not sure if its worth $38 for the all you can eat meat entree that I had. Tasty, but pricey.笑
We first ate here in 2009 and loved it.  I didn't even mind paying the high price for dinner because the food was so good.  But this time was just not as good.  Both times we had the all-you-can-eat meal.  I found the meat this time to not be quite as tender and flavorful.  Twice for the steak portions I got a piece of almost all fat.  The chicken and pork were a bit dry.  A bit disappointed because we were really looking forward to going this 2nd time, but I have to say we will eat elsewhere next time.笑
We gave it a chance despite the bad review and quickly regretted it.  They have two prices.  We got the $50 each that included filet and salmon.  All of the food was bland and sides tasted weird like the plantains.  I wanted to tell everybody to turn around, not worth the price.笑
Are the all you can it! So many different options of meat from 2 types of steak, lamb, pork, sausage, chicken. We had a party of 20 and had 2 waiters. The waiters brought one type of meat at a time and gave us as much meat as possible. The meal started with salad and bread. I forgot the name of the sauce that went with the bread but it as bomb. Then rice, beans, veggies (kale, zucchini, carrots) and plantains for the side. There was so much food and you can always ask the server to bring more meat. The meat was seasoned differently and well and it was delicious. Great for big groups (takes reservations) and for small groups. 

Located in the Mirage.笑
Terrible and rude hostess that is beyond inept.  Would not provide a seat if ordering only a bottle of wine, beyond belief!笑
Good.  Not the greatest Brazilian experience I've had but good.   Mind you I've never been to Brazil, so I'm far from an expert.  In addition, I've only been to 3-4 Brazilian restaurants in my lifetime.  I'm tempted to give this restaurant 5 stars because overall it was good food, excellent attentive service, and great company.  

Pros:
+ unlimited SIDES (but then again it's unlimited MEAT too...)
+ the fried plantains are good as dessert too...

Cons:
- 1/2 star because it's a zoo and chaotic.  I still felt like I was in the casino.  Don't expect a quiet and romantic setting.
- 1/2 star because there's no pre-carnage buffet but maybe that's part of the rodizio experience?  
- Pitchers of Caipirinha and Sangria are pricey!  $30 & $40 respectively...

If you're on the Strip and looking for a fun group meal check out SAMBA's!!!笑
I am from LA and I usually go to the Brazilian grill called M Grill in Koreatown. I love going to Brazilian grills and I wanted to try out Samba. First impressions are very important and when I first walked in I knew this place was going to be bad. But out of all my experiences at Vegas, mostly all of the restaurants here are amazing, so I knew that it couldn't be that bad. Well I was terribly wrong. First of all, one of the waiters was very lethargic. Second of all, the food was way to overpriced for the quality. So this is just a disclaimer for people out there who were thinking of going there to not go here because the food is just atrocious.笑
Wish I could give it zero or negative stars. 

The WORST rodizio steakhouse we have EVER been to. To start with, the manager was, well, to be honest,  an a$$. 

They charge a $50 corkage fee per bottle of wine.  With a few bottles of wine eith us, we asked if there was any way to cap the corkage fee. His response was a very nasty NO, if you don't like it, well too bad.  Ok, forget the wine. Not a big deal. 

After our dealings with the manager, our server basically ignored us. Thank goodness for another server who was happy to help. One waiter actual apologized to us, letting us know the manager is just an a$$ (his words). 

Onto the food....every meat served was tough, overcooked and improperly cut. Not a single person in our party ate more than one taste of each cut served. One person in our party was vegetarian.  They charged  $25 for a salad. 
The sides were awful.  The plantains were more acidic and sour than sweet. The vegetables boring. The beans and rice were pretty good. As was the cheese bread.

Moving on...we paid our bill and left, tipping only the server who was helpful. 
One person in our party left his cell phone. Another had grabbed it. The person whose phone it was went back to look for his phone, and when he walked back into the restaurant and explained that he left his phone was told by the original server "too bad. Nothing we can do. Get out". He said he needed to look for his phone and was again told to "get out". 

We will NEVER return to Samba. We will be in tough with upper management.笑
We decided to give this a try before a show at the mirage.  We have been to several Texas de Brazil's and Fago's and like the style.    Samba has much fewer choices.   We were there about an hour and got to try 6 varieties of meats.    The server Tim was nice and informative about the  meats.   Our waiter has very hard to find.   It's very noisy your sitting in the middle of the casino and can hear drunks  and slot machines, bad atmosphere.   It's very over priced for the total package.   For the food quality atmosphere ext it should not be more than $30 per person.   Your better off going to the buffet than eating here.笑
To start, this review almost didn't happen, because we almost walked out of the restaurant.  This review might be long, but worth reading if you want to know what you are getting yourself into.

We came by Samba around 5:30 to ask about a later reservation.  We were asked to return at 8:15.

8:15 comes, and our table was not ready yet.  That's fine.  We play some slots, kill some time, then check in again about 15 minutes later.  Still not ready.  We are eventually led to a back room in the restaurant.

We grab seats and are given menus.  We already had chosen what we had wanted, due to the waiting out front to be seated.  20 minutes later, no one has come to even give us water.  It's now a full hour after our reservation time.  Only difference is, we are now an hour hungrier!  Husband sets a timer on his iPhone.  He says, "when this hits two minutes, we're walking."

At one minute and 50 seconds, a bus boy walks by, and circles back to talk to us.  Maybe he sensed our hungry anger?  He asked if we had been helped, and immediately brought us water.  He told us our server was Roxanne/Roxanna, and she'd be right over.

Not long after, the same bus boy comes back to our table, bringing a waiter with him.  

James would be our waiter for the remainder of the meal, and he really saved the evening for us.  He was pleasant, sweet, and apologetic about us getting lost in the shuffle.  I'm big on when stores/restaurants/whatever can step up and admit they messed up, so that helped.

We placed our order.  Husband (who is also Brasilian from Brasil) and my brother order the rodizio for $40 each.  I don't eat meat, so I went with the lobster tail.

First thing to come out was our pão de queijo, otherwise known as "cheese bread", and some sort of crackers.  Pão de queijo is pretty amazing, but the one here had some garlic going on inside?  It wasn't quite right.  It was good, but wahhh I wished it was more traditional.  If that makes me sound like a brat, so be it.  It's a Brasilian BBQ restaurant.

Along with the bread came some vinaigrettes/sauces.  One was a pico de gallo, the other was a phenomenal garlic vinaigrette.  

For appetizers, we ordered the beef empanadas and the coconut shrimp.  Both were delicious.  The shrimps were HUGE!!  

Before the meat came out, you are given a plate of salad.  A lot of time actually passes before you get to have your meat.  I'd suggest skipping appetizers to speed up the process.  It's almost like they're trying to fill you before the meat comes, but since you pay so much, you feel some sort of obligation to eat a ton of meat anyway, and walk out feeling like a fat tick about to pop.  

The salad is okay, but it is already mixed and has a heavy dressing on it.  Most Brasilian BBQ places have astounding salad bars, but not here.

After the salad, all of the sides came out.  Rice and black beans, plantains, creamed spinach...  All really delicious.  

The meats started rotating, and my lobster tail came out.

Again, all was good.

So other than the weird pão de queijo (round cheese breads), all of the food was great.  The service in the beginning was wretched.  For the price we paid, we could think of at least a dozen other places we'd have rather spent our money.

So while the food WAS good, we'd still not return.笑
We had excellent services, food was AAAmazing and cooked how we wanted. You definitely get what you pay for.笑
This place was OUTSTANDING. Well worth the price. My husband and I both loved it. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was great. We had a great time! We would definitely eat here again.笑
Cons:
- servers stop coming around after one round of each meat. 
- the server keeps track with tally marks each time he has come to your table 
- it's not all you can eat since they're keeping track and stop serving without you waving them down 
- you have to flag your waiter down for more food
- the rice, beans and plantains are basic
- food is not well seasoned 
- service mediocre 

Pros:
- no waiting to be seated
- nice atmosphere笑
I forgot that I took clients here last year. Here's my disclaimer. We're a Brasilian family, and I'm in and around traditional, and excellent, Brasilian foods on a regular basis. My coffee avocation and my wife's family food businesses in Brasil have trained me well as an American married to a Brasilian. This is not traditional Brazilian churrascaria. However, it was a relaxing dining experience that included, as I remember, OK food. We got a nice booth in the back of the restaurant. For seating I'd give that evening a3 stars, but for food, probably 2 stars only because it wasn't traditional, and we could have gone to so many other fine dining establishments off the strip.

(for more info on Brazilian BBQ's, see my review of Texas de Brazil, Las Vegas)笑
We had the all-you-can eat experience, and it was a complete waste of money.  At a steep $45 a person, DO NOT waste your money here!  We love Espetus in the Bay Area, and this was nothing like it.

The only things we liked were:  
1) Bacon Wrapped Turkey
2) Sirloin 

And they honestly were not amazing... just better than the other options.

The meal started out slow, where we had to wait about 20 minutes to get the starting salad (iceburg lettuce with some beets).  The sides were also subpar, just tiny bowls of plantains, beans, rice, and stir-fried green beans/carrots.

What really annoyed me was that the first skewer of "meats" to come around were garlic bread and chicken legs.  Really?!  My husband was so hungry that he tried one of each, which I guess is Samba's strategy.  They were both kind of gross.

The other meats were okay, but for the price I expected a lot better quality of meat.  Finally, the dessert comes, and I was hoping that it would save the meal.  But sadly they were literally little shot glasses of flavored pudding...  A big disappointment!

So if you are dining at the Mirage, do not make the same mistake we did!  Eat at the Cravings buffet instead!笑
The food was ok for the price.  Comparing to other brazillian steakhouses, the price was on par and Samba's didn't have the Vegas casino inflation price, about $40 per person after everything.  

The best part of the meal was the flank steak and the lamb.  The chimichurri sauce was great with the flank steak.  Also the frilled pineapple and pork (especially the pineapple) were something to not pass up.笑
Every trip to Vegas means a visit to Samba for dinner!  And every time I dine at Samba, I must get the Rodizio all you can eat dinner!  Start with a delicious salad and then enjoy a smattering of appetizers and sides.  Then, the meal really starts!  Place your table marker with the green side up and soon staff will bring long skewers of meat to your table, ready to carve a fresh slice onto your plate!  Of all of the selections, the lamb was my favorite, followed closely by the flank steak and the linguica sausage!  But, best of all, the best sweet fried plantains that I have ever had!  I dream of these plantains!  There is just something about these for me.  Yes, this is not cheap, but if I am going to splurge on myself in Vegas, this is where I am going to go!笑
Similar to Texas de Brazil with their rotating selection of cut-right-from-the-stick-at-your-table meats.  It was good.  A bit overwhelming.  I think I ate way more than my body wanted me to.  I figure one Brazilian meat restaurant is just as good as another.  I wanted to try out Texas de, but now feel it's unnecessary to push my stomach to its absolute limits again.  Thanks for the experience, but no thanks.笑
We had a group of seven for their all you can eat dinner. The salad was very tasty. I passed on the spinach and carrots to save room for the MEAT. However I did mix in some black beans plantains and rice.  

The service was just okay. There were few times where the meat had stopped coming even though are sign was on the green.  Overall the quality of the meat was so-so.  I'm basing this off of another Brazilian steak house in San Francisco (Espetus.)  Folks in our party that had been at Samba before in the past had also commented that the overall dining experience has declined.笑
Don't fall for the salad and beans.

Eat the meat.  Drink lots of water.  The protein takes lots of water to digest, and if you don't drink enough, you'll have a meat stroke.  More water = more meat.

They have 10 or so different preparations of meat, including a seafood option, and they're all wonderful.笑
Every time I'm in Vegas I make a point to go here, I love the food, and the staff are always amazing. If your planning on drinking expect to spend at least $100 for 2. I have never had a bad meal here, even with large groups they manage to keep your plate full. I recommend the lamb, and you gotta try the plantains. Go hungry and sample everything.笑
This has been my 4th time eating here and it never disappoints.  I have decided that if I ever get one last meal from a restaurant, it would have to be from Samba Grill.  I brought 4 other friends to Samba and they loved it too.  The food came fast and hot, and each dish had a different flavor and spice.  We didn't eat all day before coming to eat at 9:00PM and it was well worth the wait.  See you soon Samba!笑
good service, menu is kind of limited. but if you want beef, order the all you can eat meat.笑
Having been to Brazil, this is very authentic and amazing! We all decided on the buffet (where it comes to you). If you like meat - this is amazing! Do not be hung up on the decorations...it's Vegas, baby! Very over the top/cheesey but when you are joined by friends and eat the most amazing food, it is a fantastic experience! Everything is juicy, cooked to perfection, and plentiful!笑
I have stayed at the Mirage at least 20 times and I hadn't ever tried this place. Boy am I glad I gave it a shot this past trip!

Brazilian food in general is almost always good, but I was actually blown away by how delicious all the different meats were here. For $40 you basically get all you can eat meats. Servers walk around with different meats and you get what you want. Everything was absolutely phenomenal. 

And the garlic bread, LORD HAVE MERCY! 

This will for sure be a MUST every time I stay at the Mirage from now on. God my mouth is watering just thinking about it.笑
Man, just when I thought I was going to overeat like I do at every Brazilian steakhouse, they kept bringing back the same types of meat. I think they had 4, maybe 5 types of meat, and just rotated it. The good thing was that my friends asked for more rare meat and they brought out new ones, but the variety was not wide enough for me. Everything I had was tasty, but I wanted more kinds.笑
Where do I begin..? Bland tasting meats, terrible service and over priced food. Salad was good, but it was all you can eat and they never offered a second helping. Asked the waiter (that took 10 minutes to greet us) for second helping but didn't see him again for 20 minutes. Meats were bland. They didn't even have enough salt be pepper on them and the tops had no rub or sauce on them at all. Almost walked out half way through. Don't get a alcoholic drink there bc there over priced and you probably won't get it until after your done eating. 
WILL NEVER GO BACK
took 10-15min to get a water refill笑
Don't do it.

Went here because I wanted all you can eat Brazilian BBQ before going to see a show here.

All the appetizers and side dishes have NO flavor except the plantains. They're ok but nothing worth visiting for.

The meat was all dry & flavorless as well. Their only slightly good meat was their signature sirloin & apparently that's the only meat they flavor. I'm a meat eater, I'm not an amateur at these places, & let me tell you, this place isn't worth it.

Only reason why it's not getting one star is because the service was good. Can't knock the hard working hostess & waiters just cause the food is lacking.笑
We made reservations here for our anniversary.  First of all, it is not intimate at all.  I felt like I was seating at Denny's or ihop with people 2 feet to my side in the booth.  We couldn't even focus on our conversation because you couldn't help but have the tables conversation next to you interrupting you.  It is right off the casino and not a separate restaurant so it is smoky.

Here's a recap:
SERVICE- VERY slow.  Wait staff not very knowledgeable.  I asked for carrots and they didn't bring them out to me until 40 minutes later when I asked for the 3rd time.

FOOD- Meat very bland.  Side dishes, ok.  Chimichurri sauce was very good.

LOCATION - Bad.

OVERALL VALUE- Horrible.笑
The way they  make money is that the meats come once every 10-15 minutes...and you are sitting there staring at the walls.....

Secondly, many of the meats were burnt on the outside, and rare and bloody on the inside....most of the meat was inedible....

if the management hires more staff, lowers the temperature at which they cook the meats in order to cook them better....then the place would be way better

Great rice and beans and a great salad.

Mismanaged笑
A good Brazilian steakhouse overlooking the inside of the Mirage Casino.  Not enough seating or tables in my opinion.  My group of 10 sat right next to the kitchen so we didn't have to flag anyone down and everyone ordered the Rodizio All You Can Eat option.  Their staff is friendly and service is quick.

Here's what they bring out on the skewers:

-Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers 
-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon 
-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style 
-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style 
-Fresh Fish of the Day 
-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs 
-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs 
-Ginger Soy Flank Steak
-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple

If your mouth is watering then go check it out.  So much meat it was all a blur.  BTW the Rodizio comes with sides, but who cares about those ; )笑
Came here because me and a couple of girlfriends were short on time before going to see a show.  I had never even heard of a Brazilian Steakhouse. WHAT? Holy fat girl, this is a dream come true...all you can eat and I don't even have to get my ass out of the seat? I am in love! But sadly....not so much.  I will most def try another Brazilian Steakhouse but with all the great places to eat in Vegas - I'd vote to skip Samba.  We had the all you can eat and my favorite part was the salad and bread. Our meats just weren't that great - they all seemed pretty dry. I do love the concept though. We also told the manager each time he came by to check on us that we were in a hurry to catch the show right after we eat and would love our check (we asked right after ordering).  That never happened.  In the end we gave a card before our bill and said WE HAVE TO GO.  Really, that was annoying.笑
Had a networking meeting/dinner here tonight.  Very, very good food.  The flank steak and especially the lamb were delicious.  I enjoyed the salad and the service was solid.笑
This place I guess is probably exactly what I expected.  A Vegas type interpretation of what a Brazillian steak house would be.  I would imagine, being next to the Beatles Lounge in the middle of a casino doesn't create the best environment for gauchos and REALLY large knives.  

The food was more or less what I expected it to be with a bunch of non brazillian influences on their skewers. Last time I checked Hawaiian Style has NO place with Brazillian steakhouses.  Where are the Chicken Hearts?  Ginger Soy flank steak?  Really?  

Still if you come here, make sure that it the ONLY buffet you to go that day.  The 100 lbs Asian girls I went with skipped the whole experience as their size 1's were being pushed to the unhealthy size 2 region on their waste lines.  



 -Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers
-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon
-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style
-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style
-Fresh Fish of the Day
-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs
-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs
-Ginger Soy Flank Steak
-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple笑
"YUMMMMMM i wish i tried the rodizio all u can eat meat buffet it looked so good,but eh, too much meat for me.
i had the rottiserie dinner instead which is the bomb.
loved the ceviche appetizer too,and crackers with somekind of olive oil they serve right before your meal. one thing tho,never order the their drinks,too strong and i dont think its mean to be ingested."笑
Meat lovers? This is your place to eat! AYCE style food the offer all types of meat such as Turkey wrapped with bacon, beef, chicken, Fish, sausage, pork all types of meat. Its 34.95 if your tired of the vegas buffet give this place a try.笑
I really enjoyed my recent experience at Samba.  We got there around 5:30, to make sure we had time before our show, and were seated promptly (of course, even at this early hour, half the tables were already filled).

1/  Service is prompt and courteous, which I like.  They did a great job of explaining what everything was, etc.  With their bread, they passed out this amazing olive oil / garlic / something awesome mixture that my boyfriend gobbled up - literally.

2/  The meat was really tasty.  I liked the ginger soy flak steak the best.  I also liked something else, that was basically salted and peppered steak.  I had an outside piece, tho, whihc got to be a little salty.

3/  What kind of stinks is once you figure out you like something, it's hard to get it back again.

4/  I pretty much did not like anything with a bone, mostly 'cause it was hard to eat.  They did have salmon, however, which was tasty but a tiny bit dry.

5/  The fried plantains were my favorite part of the whole meal, though I have a natural fondness of fried plantains and that might be why.

Overall, great experience.  It is a trifle loud because it is open to the whole casino - however, we were tucked in the back corner and away from the majority of the noise, which was nice.笑
First night in Vegas, and my 3 friends took me here for dinner. We chose the All You Can Eat ($40) of course and ordered 4 Caipirinhas to start off with. Two of my friends also ordered the Glenfiddich neat to go with their meals. 

Not sure if it was because we had been drinking, but the meats here lacked flavor/seasoning compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses I've been to. Also, it seemed like there was not as big of a selection of meats coming around the tables. I think we got double of a few of the meats because we thought that was all they had to offer. I was super disappointed with the Grilled Pineapple though!! Normally that one is my favorite, but this one was NOT SWEET and it tasted like it was rolled around in a tub of cinnamon! Yuck. 

I probably would not have come back here only because it was just mediocre. The one thing that IS worth coming back for if anything, would be the excellent service we received. Other than that, the food is just okay.笑
Caipirinhas and endless meat - why would I ever leave?

This was my first exposure to Brazilian style dining and I've had many since, including in Sao Paulo itself.  I've been here a number of times and have never been disappointed.  Like the buffets LV is legendary for, but differing in 3 ways:
1. You never have to get up to get another portion - the food comes to you!
2. Much classier ambiance and clientele
3. Better grade of meats and seafood

The caipirinhas are a great start and authentic ( and potent) - keep'em coming.  The meats are fresh and tender.  Truly a great meal every time.笑
We stayed at the Mirage for our honeymoon and ate at Sambas. Great atmosphere and we had prompt service with great waiters.  My wife and I are carnivores....and as mentioned, IF YOU LIKE MEAT, this is the place for you.  The Flank steak was killer, the Salad was great, and they give you this piece of wood with a green top and a red bottom.  Green means GO which means bring on the meat!! Red means STOP! Which means, i'm good with what I got, i'll flip it to green when i'm ready.  We both got the all you can eat.  I believe it was $40 a person, but damn well worth it.  We're from Oregon, and we have nice places to eat in Portland and other areas that we love, but the taste of the food at Sambas was wonderful.  Next time we go back to Vegas We're eating there at least twice haha.  Viva sambas!!!!笑
You will regret it!  

This place should be ashamed of even pretending to be a Brazilian BBQ.  The food is horrendous and the service was rude.  One of ladies in our party ordered a steak medium and it was brought well done.  When she asked that it be taken back, the waitress was quite rude and returned about 30 minutes later with a rare steak.  When our friend once again brought the error to the waitresses attention, she said "The steak is done to whatever you want to say it is done to".   The maanegr eventually intervened and we had no waitress for the rest of the meal.

The beans were horrible, the creamed spinach was like soup, and the plantains were cold.  Save your money!笑
I'm not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from, but my husband and I had an amazing time at Samba!  We chose to try out Samba's all-you-can-eat rodizio for our anniversary dinner, and we were not disappointed.  The sides that arrived first (black beans, rice, glazed carrots, fried sweet plantains, salad, bread, creamed spinach) were all delicious.  Then came the meat parade!  All I can say is...wow.  It seemed like each meat that came out was better than the last.  The only two misses for me were the pork (which was quite a bit dry and lacking on the flavor) and the garlic chicken legs (also a bit dry and very average tasting).  The pineapple that came with the pork was delicious, though!  My favorites overall were the lamb, the sirloin, and the chicken wings.  The flavors on these three were exquisite!  The lamb and the sirloin positively melted in my mouth.  Even my usually hard to please husband gave Samba a two thumbs up sort of review.

There were lots of delicious sounding drinks on the menu, but we stuck with just water for dinner.  I would definitely recommend Samba to others going to Vegas, and I will probably be there again on my next vacation!笑
Visited Samba once again.   I love this place.   Around $45 per person for dinner, but it was great.   Excellent service and even better food.   I wanted to finally sing my praises on Yelp for this place.   Keep it up!笑
Just a tip, if you don't like a lot of salt, don't take an end cut of any of the meats. Ask your server to cut from where the outside edge is missing. That way you don't get so much salt. 

I found the food pretty good otherwise. And it is definitely worth trying a bite or two of the side dishes. I especially liked the plantains.笑
I love this place..
My favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.
and its not to expensive for the quality and abundance of food you get

If you like MEAT.....This is the place for you

order the Rodizio笑
Samba offers all you can eat meal for $39.95. The people'll walk around carrying bunch of meat like sausages, meat wrapped in bacon, different cuts of steaks like top sirloin, bottom sirloin, etc Top Sirloin, Filet Mignon, etc. I think there're about 10 meat choices that you can pick from. Sadly, nothing really stood out for me. The seasoning in the meat's just ok, it's not all that flavorful.

There's also a salad bar that'll help to clean your palate a bit. It's not bad, I do like their bread a lot.

Overall - The place's usually not all that packed, you'll get seated right away. The service's really good, extremely friendly & attentive. The food's ok, I would like the meat to have more & better seasoning. For all you can eat Brazilian BBQ in Vegas, I think $40 per person's quite acceptable.笑
This was my first 'rodizio' style meal, ever. Highly anticipated and well reviewed, I was looking forward to visiting this place. For those of you not aware, it's all you can eat 'steak' house where they bring the entrees to your table. Basically you get a couple of sides (rice & beans, I think) and a little colored indicator. When you want them to bring more meat, you turn the indicator to green, to stop, red. Anyway, there were lots of types of meats that they bring by. Some examples were: steak, bacon wrapped chicken, ribs, and sausage. There are many more, and the variety varies each trip. All meats were cooked properly and hot. As with most Vegas restaurants: the place was empty but we were told to make reservations. Anyway, the staff were excellent and explained the style very well to us, being our first trip. We had a pitcher of caipirinha, which is similar to a margarita or mojita (sans mint.) It's made with cachaca, which tastes like a cross between rum and tequila. Anyway, the food was good. It's a bit pricey, around $40 a person, just for the rodizio style meal, no drinks. I personally find it to be an exceptional value, because of the quality and quantity of food. However, if you are not a big eater, this is probably not the place for you. Also, remember that alcohol has a filling feeling effect on your stomach too. I don't suggest this (or a buffet for that matter) after large quantities of free booze at the tables. We had a wonderful time here, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes meat, any style. "Brazillian" is more a serving style, than culinary style here. Highly recommended.笑
We've done the Brazilian Steakhouse thing before and were blown away but here...I would say it's okay.  I'm glad we got discount tickets at Tix4Dinner first...that made it a bit easier.  The salad bar was nice and had some decent things on it.  Some of the meats were good, others were a bit dry.  My husband LOVED the pineapple especially.  The first filet I had was dry, the second offerring was better.  They were pretty good about coming around regularly with the meat...especially when we were long past done.  I wish I could say I was blown away by the experience but really it was just a good meal with some decent selections.笑
Place was awesome!
The style of cuisine was new to me, so I can not judge based on a comparison, but it was great food to my untrained taste. 

Staff was pleasant & very attentive.笑
I feel a tad deceptive rating this place since we only had breakfast there but I would avoid this place at all costs.  It had to be a new venue for them because nothing could be this bad and survive.  

Total chaos amongst the staff, dishes took way too long to appear before you and when they did, they were cold.  

Obviously, this place has never heard that breakfast is the most important meal.....笑
We had supper here with friends on 12/16. Everyone in our group ordered the all you can eat Carnival option, primarily because everyone had a 2 for 1 discounts from myVegas. Overall, we found the experience quite enjoyable. The wide variety of meats were each flavorful and well prepared. The filet mignon, lamb and chicken each exceptionally good, while everything else was at least satisfactory. The fried plantains, black beans, roasted veggies and rice were all good additions to the meal.

My only real knock against Samba is the pace at which the food was delivered. The place wasn't super busy, but it felt as though they were in a hurry to rush us out the door. Insufficient time was allowed for us to enjoy the different meats before more meat would arrive. I got exactly one bit of salad in me before being thrust into a meat filled orgy, and would have FAR preferred a slower, more relaxed pace.

The 2 for 1 discount made this an affordable meal. Without it, I don't think we'll be back. There are just too many other options in Las Vegas to settle for anything but the very best.笑
I've been here quite a few times.  It isn't as good as it used to be, the meat was kinda ok.  The sides are still pretty good, I appreciated that there wasn't a huge massive buffet like at the other Brazilian places.  Paid about 90ish for two people.  This isn't the best bargain, but if I were staying at the Mirage I'd probably hit this place up again.笑
I'm wanting to giving it four stars and find myself surprised-- it was a last minute decision and haven't heard much hype about this place, but it delivered! 

Samba's dining room half moons into the end of the casino near the Beatles bar, right near the poker table games, near the guest elevators. It's elevated a bit and not smokey if that is a concern. 

We all ordered the Rodizio and house salad. The salad was delightfully chilled to perfection, with an amazing house dressing. Perfectly dressed, I became excited. I mean, the salad is really incredible. 

The selection of meats presented to us were fantastic, everything super tasty and perfectly cooked.  The turkey shined, but I kept going back for the steak. The sides are the basic moves for a brasil inspired steakhouse on the Las Vegas strip, but you know what? They were all awesome. Nothing looked plopped into a last minute steamer or microwave, and they certainly didn't taste like that.

When Samba opened it was a trendy hard to get into joint, and I wasn't really into the menu. But I not only gave it a whirl, I loved it. And it's a fantastic bargain.  Super friendly, but attentive service. Extremely clean environ as well. If you get a table near the half moon, some pretty good people watching as well.

You'll leave stuffed here if you give it a chance. For those that imbibe, the raves about the drinks were endless.  

The food just keeps coming here, it's like a great summer bbq where a master is cooking all sorts of different things to try, fresh off the charcoal grill. 

It's really a 3 star destination, but I want to throw in the extra star for the overwhelming value. The ingredients from the salad to the plantains and the quality of steak (choice) plus whatever goes into that creamed spinach left all of us feeling like we found a modern day Vegas Bargain. The ingredients and execution were ON-- what more can you ask for??

Us foodie snobs loved this place. I can't wait to be back! 

Reservations: Not usually necessary.  If you have a tram pass, take it to Harrah's and cross the street. Dress is casual, but you won't feel out of place if you do it business casual.  Shorts and hats are okay, but they may make you take off that baseball cap.  Service: Warm, and fun, but not over the top (no "flare" worn by the staff)  Very clean.   Probably a fun place for teenagers early in the evening. Got a bit rowdy (in a good way) later in the evening when we ate, with everyone clamoring for the hustling meat runners.   Tee hee

Try it!笑
Our group of 15 needed a place for dinner after my sister's wedding.  With two young ones in tow (7 & 11) and on a BUDGET, we wanted to make sure the venue was conducive to a family environment where we would all feel comfortable.  The restaurant opened at 5:30pm which was the time of our reservation.

We were pleasantly surprised our table was ready and waiting for us as soon as they opened. Situated in the back, a few tables pushed together against comfy bench seating, we were the only ones in that area for most of the dinner.  We were quickly given water, drinks, bread, and tasty dippings to start the evening off.

As soon as the drinks were served, the side dishes were served, which was great since we were concerned about my mom's 9pm flight that same night.  This can truly be a "no-carb" lovers dream dinner with the amount of meat that was served.

(Taken from Anthony C.)
-Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers
-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon  **YUMM**
-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style  **Good**
-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style   **YUMM**
-Fresh Fish of the Day   **Salmon - YUMM**
-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs  **OK***
-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs  **Ok**
-Ginger Soy Flank Steak  **Good** 
-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple  **YUMM**

Aside from the initial dips served with bread, the side dishes weren't that great.  I love fried plantains, but these were fried and drenched in some rummy honey sauce that I didn't feel complimented much. The creamed spinach was bland, and the carrots were, just carrots.  The black beans and rice were probably best, but not much too remember.  

The kiddies were happy as they had lots of meat to choose from and they brought out plain white rice. 

We opted to have the dinner on one CC and the beverages on another, of which they were very accommodating.

**Important - If you'd like to have cake with dinner - and you bring from outside - they will assess a $5/pc cake cutting charge. ($60 for our group - outrageous!!).  If you order the cake from within the Mirage Food & Beverage, the fee will be waived. My schedule was hectic last week and wasn't able to make the cake reservation until Sun 07/15 for dinner the next evening.  If time permits, I HIGHLY recommend you take care of this at least a week prior, otherwise you will run into some difficulty as I did.  
**The cake for 15 persons was $55, chocolate cake w/ chocolate custard. Quite tasty.  Because I called with such short notice they advised the cake would only be covered with white fondant and they wouldn't be able to do decorations.  However, the cake arrived to the restaurant, on time, beautifully decorated and tasted great.  Just call the reservation # for the restaurant and ask for the "Mirage Food & Beverage".  They will try to get you to someone who can help take the cake order.

I would definitely recommend this dinner.  At $34.95/per person for the Rodizio Experience, this fit into our family budget of $600 for the night. We went a bit over on drinks, but for the most part this worked out well.  Enjoy!!笑
What is this place??? So Im use to Brazilian restaurants and how things are runned... You have a buffet of veggies, salads, rice, beans, greens, and farina.. Then you go to your table.. they bring cheese bread and the meats come... one by one until your stuffed and happy... Samba was totally not this... We sit down and order the Rodizio.. There is 4 of us.. they bring a basket of breads... well.. it's a basket... I don't know about it really being bread... there was 3 cheese breads.. and 3 cracker type biscuits... UMMMMM there is 4 of us... did they bother to refill the basket??? no.. so sad.. but whatevers... the rice and beans come out... UMMM remember there is 4 of us??? it's a small soup bowl of rice and beans mixed... What if I just wanted rice? What if I just wanted beans? So stupid..  a plate of glazed carrots came to...and creamed spinach.. when was carrots and glazed spinach a brazilian dish? Now down to the meats... GROSS!!! first item up.. TERYIKI CHICKEN... wait... was I in a Brazilian Restaurant or a Japanese Restaurant??? it was tasteless and burnt... , lamb... super rare and no flavor, 3 different cuts of beef.. all DRIED and TASTELESS. The drinks were ok.. but the two we ordered were only half drunk... 4 guarnaras to wash down the dryness and our bill came to $215.00. Such a disappointment.. Oh no refills of water, rice and beans or offer for dessert. After watching LOVE and looking forward to dinner.. this was such a waste..I walked over to the Casino Royal and got a hot dog after.. much more flavor that this dried ass place!笑
Ate here on 12/27/2016, had a MyVegas coupon for a buy one Carnival Rodizio get one free, figured we had been here before and liked it so why not. It wasn't as great as it was the first time we ate here, Not exactly horrible but not as memorable as our first experience. The Filet Mignon was very tough even though it was very moist, I don't know how that happens but it did. Lamb was just ok, I remember it last time, as it was the first time I tried lamb and it was much more flavorful and tender, it wasn't bad just not as good as it was the first time. 

The pork, turkey and sausage were great; flavorful and good to perfection. Sirloin was very good to but by the time I got to it I had already just about hit that meat wall LOL. Plantains were good, salad was ok, didn't eat the beans and rice but my hubby sure seemed to like them. Chimichurri is very good and was perfect on some of the meats and garlic rolls too. 

Basically we had an alright second experience, waitstaff was very nice and friendly except for the lady who brought our check out, she wasn't our original waiter, Jason and threw the receipt onto our table and rudely barked "Here's your check" I believe it was due to Jason being busy with customers who had just sat down and she had to cover his table but holy hell woman it wasn't our fault. Jason was great by the way and I forgot the woman's name but she was and older woman with gray hair and rather on the tall side, she could use a drink to calm herself down.

If I had another coupon I might visit this place again only because we really don't eat enough to justify paying that much but, it's good if you want to try a variety of meats.笑
I was a bit apprehensive because I'd seen some rather horrible reviews; however, we had a MyVegas coupon so we decided to give it a go. It was our anniversary and I'd booked a table in advance. When we arrived, management greeted us and seated us immediately. He also wished us a happy anniversary which was really nice. Our server, Juan, was wonderful. He was very helpful and prompt. All the gauchos were super friendly and answered all of our questions. The meats were good; I mostly ate the beef items because I prefer my meats very rare and they made note of that and always served me the rarest pieces. At the end of our meal, Juan brought us a delicious guava sorbet compliments of management for our special occasion. The experience was fantastic; whatever issues were occurring before seem to have been addressed. The service was wonderful and the food was really good. I've been to every other Brazilian steakhouse in town and while this isn't the best one, it was good and the service was very good. This one is a bit different than most of the others (no salad bar, a salad is served prior to your meal) but given it's located inside a major casino, I think it's still well executed. Thank you for a wonderful anniversary meal!笑
If you like to eat and are worried about not having enough in one meal? Go to Samba... soooooooooooo much food that I didnt know what to do with it all. I went for the all you can eat $38 meatapalooza and boyfriend got the sirloin. I really didnt feel like the quality of the the meal was to par with the price of the meal but there were definitely some tasty tidbits. The ginger beef was super yummy but some of the other meat choices lacked flavor. This restaurant was convenient to our evening show but I dont know that I would go back again when there are so many better options in Vegas.笑
We very excited to eat here on Xmas Eve.  We've eaten at other Brazilian Steak restaurants and loved them, but this one is HORRIBLE! The meat was over cooked and tough as shoe leather, not just the beef, but the Pork and chicken also.  And we weren't the only table complaining.  The restaurant manager apologized and "comp'd" our  2 glasses of wine....that's right, we not only left the table hungry, but also had to pay of $100.00 for 2 people for food we could not eat. Diner beware.笑
Used a BOGO offer from myVegas and was okay with the experience. Came here with my favorite friend on an empty stomach, ready to chow down. To be fair, I think it is a decent establishment, situated next to the Cravings. 

Between the Cravings and Samba, I would rate them the same - as it is primarily your choice of foods and how tired you are (if you want to be served or not), since quality of food seems to be similar as well.

I've had farmer's market Brazilian grill at WeHo and enjoyed it a lot more - as the price was decent and the meat was juicer. Samba had great service, and great ambience/decor, however I felt that the selection of foods on the AYCE menu was a bit disappointing - maybe I was expecting more varieties and juicier meats. Some of the varieties that I enjoyed: the top sirloin (very juicy and tasty), the bacon wrapped turkey, and lamb. The chicken was  hard to chew since it was over-grilled, with lots of charcoal around the edges - so did not like the two chicken varieties. 

The sides that we enjoyed - the bean and rice (they also had pesto sauce in it, which was really nice), the salad (loved the olives and the baby palm tree hearts - pretty exotic?), and the grilled vegetables with brussels sprouts. The fried plantain (bananas) were a bit hard, and tasted sour. 

even though we used a BOGO offer, it still came out around $70 for some reason - so I think there was a bit miscellaneous charges that put me off. Overall, I think it was a good, one time experience.笑
Surprisingly good. The meats all have interesting favors, and are properly cooked. I love not waiting for food also.  The Brazilian steakhouse style is always fun. And I expected it to be somehow cheesier in Vegas. But it was actually really good. The lamb was outstanding, and the chicken leg was way better than I expected. Give it a whirl before going to the Beatles show.笑
We visit Las Vegas at least 6 times a year and this was one of our regular treats. Was. Lately it had been going downhill but we decided to go there again this trip as we are Brazilian steakhouse regulars and there is only one other choice (Pampas at Planet Hollywood) on the strip. We made a reservation and requested a booth. We showed up and they didn't honor the request for a booth. Granted, it's a request, but they kept telling us they had 4 parties reserved for those booths and they sat the first group about 10 minutes before we left. The other booths were open. That ticked me off, but we still wanted to make the most of it. Our waiter was horrible - I think it was Peter. He only came to our table twice after the initial time and both times we had yelled out to catch him walking by-once for a drink and once when we had been waiting over 15 minutes for the check. He was rude, rude, rude. The meat comes by very rarely, which I'm assuming is how these restaurants make more money. Sure, it's all you can eat, but only when they bring you the mediocre meat to accept. Sides were good, but that's about it. Will NEVER go again.We left NO tip, which we had NEVER done - not even in bad experiences at other places. He didn't deserve a penny for being so rude and avoiding us. Definitely NOT worth $109 for our meal and 2 glasses of Sangria. We ended up eating Subway in a couple of hours. Pitiful! Don't bother. Go to Pampas at Planet Hollywood instead...笑
Meh.....

A group of 7 men in Vegas looking to eat cheap. How about an all you can eat meat fest?  I promise, it's not as gay as it sounds. 

The service was painfully slow and inefficient. The side dishes were okay, but nothing spectacular. The meat selections were varied but they took forever to bring the skewers around. Most of the meat was fatty and a cheaper cut. It was all decent, but nothing special.  The top sirloin, however, was awesome. 

The best part was a $200 error on our bill. They actually forgot to put 5 entrees on the tab. Pretty sweet.笑
i want to give this place 4.5 stars.  it felt a bit weird, since this is to the side of the mirage casino, not like fix at bellagio, but most of the restaurant is kind of in the open.  however, they seated us very quickly without reservations.  and they served us veryvery quickly since we had to catch a show.  this place is AWESOME because they give you a shitload of really great sides with your entree (rice with black beans and cheese, creamed spinach, glazed carrots, fried plantains).  they split your plate for you very nicely, their sweet potato fries were surprisingly extremely good.  the filet mignon was grand. umm, come hungry.  i dont think they have steaks under 12 oz.  their crab cakes were so so which was sad because im a sucker for crab cakes.  i didnt try the all you can eat meat, but from the looks of it, espetus in SF is better.