I had a Wag Jag coupon for this place.  The prices seemed a bit high online, but with the Wag Jag coupon, it offered a great deal to try it out.  $15 for $30 worth of Dim Sum/Tapas.

This place has a small patio that may fit 8 or so people.  But I have to say, it is nice to have dim sum on a patio on a sunny day. Not sure if there are other dim sum places that offer an outdoor patio in the city.  It may even be a dog friendly patio as the fenced patio allows for a dog to be on the outside while still being able to see their owner.  

We ordered a wide range of foods:  Har gow, sui mai, grilled octopus, grill buttery scallops, gluten pork balls, pan fried eggplant with shrimp and pan fried shrimp dumplings.  All were amazing - great flavours and good quality ingredients.  The shrimp pieces were a good size and full of flavour.  I don't think any of these are pre-made/frozen.  The foods came out very hot and cooked to perfection (nothing was overcooked) - with a good amount of food on cute plates.  the Har gow and sui mai were sitting on top of little slivers of carrots so it doesn't stick to the bottom of the steamer.  Smart idea.   We were given siracha and a hot oil sauce (recommended).  Out of all the items we ordered, I'd recommend getting the pan fried shrimp dumplings and the scallops.  

They also accept bit coin payment and has a machine inside.

Bathrooms were in the basement and were fairly new and clean.

Staff were quite nice.  The Wag Jag app only showed 50% off vs the $30 worth so we had a bit of an issue when the bill came and had to clear that up. The owner was really nice about it.  This was a Wag Jag issue.  

I'd recommend this place as the food quality and service was really great.  I cannot complain about the food itself. The prices is a bit higher vs other dim sum places, but i guess this is just one of those "you get with you pay for".笑
We were going to Fune but it wasn't open so ended up coming here because I happen to have a Groupon. We usually like this type of food -- Asian inspired dishes served in small portions for sharing. But unfortunately the food was just average, lots of grease on everything. We had the Scallop Dumplings (steamed - not greasy), the Hockey Puck (good flavour but the "doillie underneath was soaked!), the shrimp stuffed eggplant (deep fried but with an amazing black bean sauce), green beans (also fried), shrimp skewer, scallop skewer, and sesame balls (also fried). If I did not have the Groupon, it would have been a $55 lunch for two people, which is the same caliber of food as T&T for $2.50 per dish. Another surprise was a $3.50 charge on the bill for tea. The servers were nice enough and took back a wrongly ordered item but overall the experience was meh.笑
Not going to lie, I only came here bc I had a Groupon.  It was Sat afternoon and the place is dead empty.  Stood at the front waiting to be seated but the 2 staffs were to busy to look after as they were behind the bar talking and laughing their @ss off. So we waited a bit and still no one came over. Had to go to the bar to ask them and they were like seat yourself anywhere.  Okay if you going to put a sign at the door "Please wait to be seated" do not tell me to seat myself.  Price is here much more expensive than the normal Dim Sum places in Chinatown, and with limited selections. We ordered 5 dishes - The B.B.Q Pork Bun(on par), Ham Sui Kok : Meat Dumplings (Not crispy enough and not hot), Vegetarian Dumplings(A little bland but not a fan of this dish to begin with), Sticky Rice In Lotus Leaf W.Pork(My fave dish, portion was huge and very tasty) & some dessert with sesame inside. They also charge for tea here like most Chinese place but we opted for water but they still charged us, but the staff was nice enough to remove it once we mentioned it.   Overall food is decent but atmosphere is dead, no one here and super quiet.  Awkward!!笑
I just had dinner here with a friend for dinner. It was a wonderful experience!

The Dim Sum menu is exciting. There are so many good things to choose from. We ordered about 8 dishes. Some were very good and some were excellent. The best Dim Sum dishes included Stir Fried Long Beans with black bean sauce; Skewered Buttered Scallops with Soy Sauce, Duck Breast and King Mushroom; Pan Cake with Green Onion, Fried Garlic Shrimp Dumplings, Seaweed Salad (Wakame) and delicious Black Sesame Balls for dessert. We also ordered Calamari Tentacles, but they arrived a bit large and less tender than expected.  We took them home to finish tomorrow. 

The service was excellent!!! From the moment we walked in we were greeted by our waitress, who was professional and helpful in every way. The seating was comfortable. The music was pleasant. No complaints.

I can't wait to go to Pearl King again!笑
Came here for lunch with my co-workers today.  After reading all the bad reviews, I was a bit concern especially since I was introducing dim sum to one of my co-worker who has never had dim sum before.  The hostess was very friendly and asked if we liked to sit inside or by the patio.  It seem a little dim and not too appealing inside so we picked the table by the window.

I was really surprised that the dim sum was really good given that all the reviews that I read was so poorly rated.  The portions were good and we ordered 8 dim sum dishes for the 3 of us and we were really full.  The portions were big which I was not expecting.  All the dishes were really tasty especially the stuffed eggplant and calamari.

I agree with most Yelp reviewers that the dim sum prices are really pricey but given that it is in the theatre district, it's expected to be higher.  Our total bill wasn't too expensive since I had a $30 value groupon that only costed $12.  Even without the groupon, we would still come back.笑
The Eel with Teriyaki Sauce with Rice was the first to arrive.  It was so colourful and all fit neatly in a little pot.  I actually really enjoyed this one because the eel was so soft, tender, and delicious with the teriyaki sauce.  The slight sauce that mixed into the rice was really good as well.

Unfortunately, there were only two skewers of the Curried Baby Octopus, but the small piece that I did have was so delicious!  The baby octopus was smooth and tender and wasn't chewy at all.  It was abundantly seasoned with a rich curry too.笑
Went to Pearl King to finally use the Groupon we got months ago - we aren't on restaurant row very often. We went in on a Friday night at around 7pm? It was pretty empty, but got to maybe 1/3 full as we were leaving (King West usually doesn't get busy until later so it's no surprise). The restaurant itself seemed clean and open - a little too bright though for my liking. The staff were very friendly and courteous to us. Food came out at a good pace (I would hope so since it wasn't busy). Great bottled beer selection! I don't recall them having draft though. 
Reading other reviews, of course it's going to be more expensive than China town dim sum - that rent can't be cheap! But I think the quality was definitely worth it (especially getting $15 off with the groupon). The spring rolls and shrimp rolls were amazing! If you aren't sure what to order, ask your server - ours was super helpful in telling us what was most popular and they were great suggestions! The chow mein was SO good - and a great portion size to share with a few other dishes. I was a bit underwhelmed by the steamed buns - a little too doughy for me.
All in all, a positive groupon experience for us!笑
Not a big fan of King Street dim sum. I mean yes they have nice modern decor, and it's good to have cocktails with dim sum. However, their food is just about average, with much higher price and less amount. I would prefer having a cocktail here, and then walk 15 minutes to get some real dim sum in Chinatown.笑
The service was slow, no one really paid attention to us. The food was over priced, I could get better value somewhere more authentic. Even if this is a take on a old favourite, I'm half Chinese and it didn't feel quite right. The venue was stunning, that's all I have to say. Food wise, it was very bland and portions aren't worth 6 dollars or 12 dollars for small bowls of food.笑
i have been here 4 times and every time i have been the food was really amazing. the beef ramen soup noodle is my life and the only reason i live. their mango pudding is strange tasting but i can look passed that since every thing else is suberb.笑
A sister restaurant to Pearl at Harbour front, the newly opened Pearl King on King and John is an interesting addition to the area (dim sum plus tapas). I saw a Groupon deal ($15 for $30) and decided to try out their dim sum.  The decor is very hip. The staff was friendly. Got there at 1130 and it was pretty empty.  The lunch menu has half dim sum and half tapas. although the dim sum is not extensive it does have most of the favorites.  In general the food was good. My favorite is the sticky rice. I did find things slightly salty. It costs about the same as crown princess on bay but not as good. I would go back again to try the tapas as the is a full bar and patio and that would be interesting for drinks笑
I had noticed the change of names and logo on the awning a little after Pearl King opened in the former space of "Dazzling Modern Cuisine."  Coincidentally, caller ID still shows their number as being registered to Dazzling.  My dinner partner and I had previously googled the place, and found that it was a more casual and modern outpost of Pearl Harbourfront, which we had tried in the past and found to be slightly overpriced but decent food.  A Groupon deal convinced us to give it a try, and I was hoping really hard that it would be a step up in terms of quality and flavour - in order to compete in the very competitive Restaurant Row block.

Anywho, we were greeted and seated promptly by the hostess (we had made a reservation).  It was around 7:30PM on a weeknight, and I think I only saw one other occupied table.  The seating area is quite large, with some bar height tables and stools, some banquettes line the long wall facing the bar, and they had a small patio area out front.  I noticed one TV behind the bar, which, presumably, is available for some sports broadcasts and such.

The menu is small, and is comprised of a selection of well-known dim sum items, as well as some things I'd expect to find at an izakaya, or a chinese night market.  Pretty much everything is served on a smattering of baby lettuce. We ordered:

- glass of red wine (small pour for the price... but it IS Restaurant Row and King W, very small craft beer/beer selection)
- skewer of tomatoes (3 cherry tomatoes - no grill marks or even heat sensed from it)
- skewer of king mushrooms (not even one mushroom's worth, sliced thin)
- curried baby octopus (small, flattened baby octopus, not as curry-ish as I was expecting, thought it'd be like HK-style curry fish balls, but was super tender, probably the high point of the meal)
- whole grilled squid (was a bit over-cooked, resulting in a slight rubbery chewiness, and once again, no charcoal or grill flavours, not much in terms of sauce or seasoning either)
- deep fried soft egg tofu (batter was a bit thick and hard, and it was strangely served with thai chili dipping sauce)
- har gow (the wrapper was a bit thick for my liking, but the shrimps were relatively large, juicy, and flavourful, probably third best item)
- sticky rice (came in a lotus leaf, big portion, with slices of chinese sausage, half a salty egg yolk, some ground pork... but the strange thing for me was, I found a slight sourness in the entire dish.. which subsequently soured my appetite for it)
- stirfried long beans in black bean sauce (vegetarian, quite flavourful, another highlight, second best item)

Despite the slightly underwhelming but decent food, the service was good, our water glasses were filled before we asked, and the servers were attentive without being overbearing.  The food might have been "meh" for a foodie, but having more asian options on restaurant row will always be handy if I don't want to go to any of the pasta/burger/steak places, and would prefer a quick bite of dim sum and izakaya skewers before a movie or show.笑
I went there with my friend on a Friday for lunch and we were really disappointed with the food taste. First we ordered calamari, I definitely had better ones. Then some dim sum, I didn't like them. I can't recall the name we tried a dish of pork which was inside a dough kinda thing, that was ok because it didn't taste like anything. That was for sure my first and last visit there笑
The location is great. After a good movie at TIFF this restaurant is just across the street from TIFF and have a front patio that allows you to watch people in the streets passing by. The options are vast and the food is really good, prices are a bit high for Dim Sum though.笑
Why would you get dim sum here when Chinatown is right there?
Also, why would they charge me 1 dollar for water? No one knows.
Don't come here.笑
Overpriced dim sum but oh well, it's in the financial district.
Food was ok, didn't like their duck breast skewer at all.
Egg tart was surprisingly good. Shiu mai, sticky rice, stuffed eggplant was meh...笑
I love King Street, its cool, hip and fashionable and I can also say the same for Pearl King. 

Great location (just a couple of blocks east of Spadina) cool décor, two floors and t.v's (in case you want watch the 'big game') Nice, but smaller selection of beers and wines, décor is very cool and the staff here are very efficient and friendly.

Prices are actually in line with what you would pay at similar establishments on King Street (remember, rents are very high here compared to the burbs) although prices for similar menu items are cheaper, if you head north on Spadina to Chinatown.

O.k, maybe they don't have the healthiest menu choices but everything here is very flavourful and tasty. For me this a great place to chill with a couple of friends, and have some drinks and snacks. 

Personally I loved the Taro dumplings (cooked to perfection and not greasy) I will definitely come back here.笑
Arrived at 11:45 party of two. We were 2 of 4 people in the restaurant at that time. Ordered shortly after being seated and were quickly served water. By 12:50 we decided we were going to leave because the restaurant was at capacity with other customers who were all enjoyjng themselves and eating and we had yet to be served!! We inquired a few times why the wait was so long, only to be told that they would speak to the kitchen... Only when we started packing up were we told the food will be ready in a few minutes. I dont want to say it was because we were the only black people there because this behaviour is unacceptable to any paying customer. No reason I should arrive 30 minutes before the couple who sat beside me, who took forever to order and watch them eat a full spread whilst I sit hungry begging to trade my perfectly good money for the same food. I'm mad as hell, wasted my damn lunch on a very busy day. It's a damn shame I can't vote zero stars.笑
I was excited when my co-workers showed me this new dim sum place in this area as I always felt that the downtown core lacks really good Chinese dim sum. 

Ambiance:
Feels like a casual restaurant downtown, doesn't have that sense of dim sum feeling that we get in uptown Markham, Richmond hill or Scarborough.
You order by checking off boxes on a paper.
I sat down waiting for a tea and asked my 
co-worker if the tea will come. They told me, they charge extra for tea and the tea doesn't taste that good so they didn't order it.

Service:
The waitress was a bit spacey. Not fast service. You have to wait for awhile to get an extra pair of chopsticks. I asked for chilli oil, it never arrived. Either they don't have it or they forgot or they can't tell the difference between chilli oil and hot sauce and trust me, it makes a huge different when you dip your shrimp dumplings in hot sauce vs. Chilli oil 

Food
The fried squid was dried and unflavoured, lacking the spices.

Fried egg tofu
I only ate the tofu and left the batter. I find it too thick and not too tasty. My co-worker offered me the last piece, I said no thank you. Don't want to waste my calories count.

Curry squid 
It was ok, not too flavourful again, can add a bit more curry taste

King mushroom
Definitely not the ones that we had in mind, it was oily and not tasty. This one quickly made it to our "do not order" list very fast.

Overall, I wasn't too impressed, this restaurant can use some improvement in terms of the flavour of the dim sum and service.笑
Delicious food, and while it's probably pricier than the Chinatown stuff, for a place that is equal parts Chinese/Dim Sum eatery as an after-dark lounge, and ?presumably a club in the Entertainment District, you're still at a real decent price point.  Highlights were the shrimp-stuffed mushroom, the fried chicken balls, and the Bok Choy.  The barbeque pork buns were also pretty solid.  There wasn't necessarily anything here that tasted terribly different from the standard dim sum fare you get elsewhere, but it was still solid and well priced.  For 4 people, our bill (without drinks) came out to $105 without tip.  Exactly as expected, and we left nice and full.  Yes, Pearl King.  Yessss.笑
The food was very good but the service was pathetic. We ordered 6 items and only 4 came after 40 min.  The server asked us if we wanted our bill and we had to let her know we were still waiting for our food. After another 30 min, she lets us know we never ordered shrimp dumplings, but the bbq pork pies were on its way (really does it take an hour???). We asked to take that to go and asked for the bill. Obviously we DID order the shrimp dumplings and they tried to charge us for it. There are plenty better dim sum places in Chinatown and we definitely won't be returning again. Waste of time and money.笑
Wow - not good.  Admittedly we were not the normal customers looking for a table for dinner, but part of a large group that booked this place for a private party.  We were part of a convention nearby and attended a private party here for a large group, where the entire upstairs was rented out.  The venue was not ready when dozens of people started showing up.  Bar was not set up yet upstairs, so they handed out drink tickets for people to get drinks downstairs in the dining room bar, which immediately became so crowded it was a disaster.  Went upstairs with wine in a plastic wine glass, and went outside on the 'patio' - which was filthy.  The patio had no chairs or tables set up, construction equipment laying around, and trash littered about.  They put some egg rolls out on the bar with no napkins or plates - that was the food.  No waiters/waitresses, everyone at the bar the entire time.  Absolute disaster.  How does a place like this stay in business?  Shameful.笑
Tried this spot out as it came highly recommended.  The dishes are definitely a little pricier than your average Chinese fare on Spadina but the taste and quality are top notch.  Only complaint would be the portion sizes aren't what you'd expect for the price.  Swatow definitely gives a great deal more food.  The pineapple chicken fried rice was excellent and came out in a carved out pineapple.  The General Tao chicked was the best I've had in quite some time.  Not too much in the decor of the place or atmosphere, but if you want some quality Chinese, this is the place!笑
Great location. Interior was clean but not very impressive. On a positive note, it was bright and not cramped. Host was very friendly. Servers were courteous; however, at times were not very knowledgeable about some items on the menu. As for the food, you cannot go wrong with the steamed and deep fried dimsums. The Qoo Kok (taro meat dumplings) was excellent. You can skip the soup. We didn't get to try the black sesame balls because we were running late and it takes about 15 minutes to prepare it. The mango pudding was bland. The homemade ice cream, not too special. We were almost impressed by this last dessert we tried. It's steamed bun with egg yolk inside. Pretty good...until we found a piece of hair inside. The server took it and asked if we wanted another one. Of course we said no, got the bill, paid, left, and most likely will not go back.笑
Average Chinese food in a semi classy bar. The place has 3 floors. Sometimes they turn this place into a club for events. The service is excellent, but the food is just alright.笑
We popped in for what we hoped would be a quick bite because they have all-day dim sum. Nope. It took at least fifteen minutes for the first dish to come out and it was insufficiently warm. People, its soup. How could it take that long, and why was it barely warm? Five minutes later another dish arrived, over cooked. Had we bet the over-under then we would have been even. 
More dishes, more disappointments. Harried service and high prices. Not a good combo. 

Even the non-handicapped accessible bathrooms had issues because only one worked. 

Most surprisingly, they were turning people away because of the long wait to get in. Chinatown is a few blocks away! There is no excuse in Toronto for accepting mediocre dim sum.笑
Really enjoyed this place. It has a nice casual atmosphere, with very helpful and attentive service.  We all loved the food we ordered, the flavors were excellent. We would order everything we had again, but the short ribs were outstanding. 

We had:
Calamari
Sui mai 
Bbq pork buns
Short ribs honey pepper sauce
Lemon chicken
Stir fried shrimp with vegetables 
Shrimp dumplings
Ramen noodle and dumpling soup

I highly recommend this restaurant.笑
This is definitely the worse restaurant I have ever been! Im a Cantonese and I know what Cantonese food like but the food there just ridiculously expensive! $6 for one awful dim sum doesnt make any scene! And those waiters and waitress is the worse! just please dont go there! Im doing you a favor笑
We went there on a Friday night for dim sum.  Really delicious and fresh green beans, pan fried chicken dumplings, and beef samosas.  We couldn't get enough of the green beans.  Service is good enough, and ambiance is urr, "fusion", but that doesn't matter.  We will be back for the food.笑
I have ten minutes before the World Cup starts.  We are on Front Street at the CIBC Soccer festival.  Said to my wife and kids, "I'm gonna run ahead up to King and try and find a seat at the first place with available seats.  I'll text you when I'm there."  Thinking to myself - it will have to be some crappy bar at this point, but as long as there's a TV in sight, we're good.  Turned the corner at John Street and first spot I see is Pearl King.  Not sure where this place came from, but they had seats, so this is it.  Wow, did we luck out or what!

Working in Markham and traveling China, I can safely say that I know what good Dim Sum is.  This place takes the cuisine to a whole other level.  Brands themselves as a tapa style, where it's in a bar setting, has a patio and is on the competitive King Street West strip.  The place was quickly packed, but they were well organized.  Staff helping each other, food making its way out with a fluid rhythm.  Saw the owner a few times making sure everything was running smoothly and even brining out dishes himself when necessary.  From speaking with him I learned they have to other locations, one in Toronto and one at Bayview Village.  This location opened two weeks ago.

The great thing about tapas in this bar type setting, is you order off the typical checklist menu, then have a couple drinks, watch the game, then ask for another menu and repeat.  Since the World Cup went into extra time, we did this four times.  It's amazing how much I can eat when the food is that good.

To note is the deep fired shrimp dumpling which had this amazing crispness to the wrapper and an incredibly full shrimp flavour.  Even the deep fired wings were top notch.  Big wings with crispy batter and a pleasantly spiced sweat sauce.  Calamari that was pub style, but was had thick tentacles, very tender, no chewiness that would typically turn me off.  I can go on, but check the pics.  My phone died, so take a look at Afaf W for what we experienced, she will upload soon.笑
Went here Easter Sunday so the place was dead, very personalized attention. It's not really a traditional dim sum restaurant because they are missing a bunch of amazing Chinese dim sum dishes (Phoenix buns, xiaolong bao, etc). 

I ordered the pork buns and the beef noodle soup. The pork buns were actually amazing, top quality. The soup was good as well, but I would try something else if I went back. Overall decent spot, I give it a four for my experience.笑
Fairly disappointed:
4 people:

Lemon chicken 14.50
Good portion and good flavour (I didn't have this my sister and her friend gave me her feed back)

Steamed pork buns 4 for 10.00
We're really dry and more bun than pork

Deepfried garlic shrimp dumplings 4 for 6.00
Apparetly these were fantastic but I'm allergic so I can't comment 

Chicken chow mien 13.00 nice portion 
Filled with msg and lacked any taste 

Beef chow mien 13.00 nice portion 
Again filled with msg and lacked any taste, I usually take it home when I can't finish it, I didn't even bother meat was tasteless, noodles were cooked fantastically but there wasn't even a soy sauce taste it was just wet noodles

Hot and sour soup 5.00 small small cup
More sweet than anything else

Over all it was over priced and lacked flavour the consensus of our group was that we would never be back, quality prices for BELOW china town products :(笑
Service staff were not attentive.  I had to call them several several times for various reasons: for menu, spoon for soup, etc.  Chopsticks did not seem to have been properly cleaned as they had a sticky surface.  Beef brisket/tendon ramen soup did not have a single piece of tendon and the brisket was overspiced and touch as rubber.

Location is good for theatre- and film-goers.  But food is definitely over-priced.笑
My friend and I just ate here for lunch and used our voucher purchased from Buytopia. (Voucher was purchased for $12.50 for $25 worth of Dim Sum and Drinks) I would like to make it clear to everyone that Pearl King charged us $7.95 service charge for a party of 2 people.

The following items we ordered:
Har Kar - $7.00
Eggplant Stuffed W/ Shrimp - $6.00
Chicken Dumplings- $6.00
Stir Fried Long Bean - $6.75
Crispy Honey Beef W/ Sesame - $12.00
Steam Rice - $2.00

Our cost of food came out to $39.75 - $25.00 (coupon) = $14.75 + $5.17 (HST) = $19.92. The bill should've have been charged only $19.92 but instead our bill came to $27.87! 

We also had a peek at our neighbor table's bill which was a party of 4 and they had no service charge added to their bill. Pearl King is obviously trying to make up the difference from this voucher. My friend and I are pissed that we pretty much got no discount and paid in total $40.50 which is the cost of the food.

I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE PERIOD!笑
The food here is decent. Pricey for dim sum but it's better quality than the cheap Chinatown dim sum. However, I think they use a lot of msg for their steamed dishes. Msg doesn't normally affect me, I mean I have no problems eating in Chinatown, Chinese food court, instant noodles, etc etc. But after eating here, I had the biggest headache ever, like pounding headache. The fried calamari was delicious, some of the best Asian style fried tentacles. The calamari pieces were also huge. The sticky rice was pretty good and a lot larger than I expected. Spring rolls were alright, nothing special.笑
This place is great, so cheap, and finally some really good Chinese food in the city. I am rating 5/5 for the price, it's very cheap, really cheap, food is quite good, and there is nothing to complain about!笑
I was just craving dim sum and in this area so I walked in despite the moderate amount of negative reviews.... Omg, everything they said was true! Service is super slow. Taro cakes are soggy. Food was showered with msg. Definitely overpriced!! I wanted a quick bite and it took them almost an hour to get all the dishes to my table at 1pm. Should have just walked to Spadina. Oh and their chopsticks are sticky.笑
Price is quite high. The food is average and too salty over all. If you just happen to want to eat dim sum when you are in downtown, this might be the only place.笑
Great for an up-scale take on an old favourite.

As a personal rule, I usually stay away from food groupons since they generally either turn out to be a rip-off or a disaster. But a friend of mine had bought one for Pearl King and I'm really glad she asked me to go with her.

The food was amazing and considering the Entertainment District location, I was surprised at how large the portions were for the price. it still runs about double what you would pay in china town but the food is fantastic and the ambience can't be beat.

The staff were incredibly attentive and very sweet and the place had a really good vibe to it. I tend to avoid the overcrowded tourist traps in that area and Pearl King was a wonderful departure from the usual.

I can't wait to go back!笑
Came here for dinner tonight, and was very disappointed in the service as well as the food. It took almost 15 minutes to get our tea, and our water never came..

The table next to us had the same situation, they ordered two pint of beer and it just sat on the bar counter for at least 10 minutes before the waitress brought it to them! And it must have tasted flat, because they barely touched their beer when they paid and left. 

The food was disappointing ..fried calamari was cold and soggy, the other dishes we ordered were also lukewarm... 

Not going back again:(笑
Actually a pretty decent dimsum place on the King Street strip if you're not willing to venture as far as Chinatown. It does feel a little odd to be eating this fare in a more bar-ish dimly-lit atmosphere but hey, doesn't detract from the quality of the food. Servers are friendly and attentive and the food comes out quickly. 

Note: Yes, you do pay for the tea.

Tried:
+Singapore noodles
+Meat Dumplings: Siu Mai
+Sticky Rice In Lotus Leaf with Pork笑
Pearl King, part of the same chain as Pearl Harborfront and Pearl Bayview, is located near King and John, and is probably the only place you can expect to find dimsum in the downtown area outside of chinatown. If you're pressed for time but still looking for dimsum, this place might work.

The interior is mostly brightly lit and spacious. There are a couple tables that just don't have any lights overhead. There's a bar up front and a number of seats in the back and on the second floor. They definitely emphasize cleanliness, with white table cloths and chairs. Washrooms are located in the basement, which may pose some accessibility issues, and half the lights in there don't seem to work.

They have lunch/dinner specials, along with dimsum.
We had a groupon for their dimsum, so we went with that.

The prices are what you would expect at a mid-range dimsum restaurant: $5-7 for a dish. Definitely not a $2.50/dish experience you would find at some chinatown places.

Tea is charged per head at $1.75. Waitress did not specify this, but then again we did not ask.
Second refill had little tea flavour, so it's not really worth it if the group just gets one pot. Would've been better if they had given each person their own pots.

We came for lunch around noon, but the place was pretty empty. There was a group of 8 and another pair, but that's about it. Food was served up at a good pace, and everything was nice and hot. Portion size is what you would expect at a dimsum, where a group of 4 would probably get a bite or two of everything. The flavours I found were comparable to the ones in chinatown, or not as good. The price definitely doesn't reflect the quality of the food and probably reflects the location and ambiance.

An 18% service charge was added to the bill for a group of 3. I assume this is because we are using groupon, because auto-grat on small groups is a bit strange (but perfectly legal).

Personally, if you were planning on trying out Pearl, I'd just go to the harborfront location. At least there, you can get a better view of the lake.笑
We went there to celebrate Valentines Day, and it was really a bad choice. The service was very slow and the tables were half broken (we had to fix the table legs ourselves, even our "neighbours" were doing the same). It took a really long time to get someone's attention and order. I ordered steamed dumplings but they arrived fried. My wife was disappointed that there was only one vegetarian dumpling option and even those were not good. It was pretty hard to eat them as once you take a bite they all fell apart on a plate (or table!). Also the dumpling dough was very thick and tasted weird. We were so disappointed about the food that we were sceptical to order more and went to another restaurant right after. "Aroma" Indian restaurant next door was much better choice. I would never come back here.笑
2 of us for dinner. We ordered a bit: steamed scallop dumpling, sticky rice in lotus leaf, duck breast, scallop with soy,  shrimp w/onion, green beans with black bean sauce, hot & sour soup, chicken wonton soup, and sake, beer and wine (reisling).
Food came out as it was ready. It was all very tasty and well prepared. Service was okay.笑
I ordered 3 orders of spring rolls in advance for a pick up. I arrived 15-20 minutes later, which I figured would be plenty of time. They told me they hadn't even started making the rolls yet. I waited around for about another 10-15 minutes and then finally gave up when it was clear these spring rolls were just not going to happen. They're spring rolls! All they had to do was take them out of the deep fryer thing in the back and put them in a bag for me. What the hell was taking so long? What a disappointment.笑
Not good. Waitresses weren't friendly and the shrimp wasn't cooked. No effort to rectify as well. Absolutely no concern on behalf of the restaurant.笑
I had a Groupon... Please NOTE:  To AVOID BEING  charged an 18% tip without beig asked, don't show  the groupon until you request the bill.  Worked for me...Also zero charge for water. 

So.  Prices are high.  Without a groupon it wasn't worth it. 

Service was ok...Of course when I got there, only 4 other customers were there....!

Food?  A mixed bag.  The Shrimp toast was awesome, especially with the dip (Worcestershire sauce).  Portabella stuffed mushroom... Very good.   Spring roll, good.  Mushroom egg drop soup was quite good. 

The hockey pucks were horrid.  Greasy as **, and flavourless.  Avoid. 

The sticky rice in lotus leaf was absolutely disgusting.  Because I read a bad Yelp review while at the restaurant, I tasted it while I was there (I was planning to take it home).  Horrifying. 

It had a terrible SOUR FLAVOUR.  DREADFUL.  I had to spit it out...... I nearly threw up.  

This is an Asian restaurant for god's sake.... How do they destroy rice this horribly? 

The menu was missing spiciness indicators, which  are often on Chinese menus. 

There was a ladder on the side of the steps going down the stairs to the bathroom.  The stairs are wide enough, but it's still not safe.  And makes it harder to grab onto the railing. 

I wouldn't go back, or buy another deal voucher!笑
Great lunch. Shrimp toast was special. Eggplant stuffed shrimp great as well. Friendly service. Will come back again.笑
Delicious dim sum and very attentive service. Tried a variety of the steamed dumplings which were a decent size, black sesame balls were delicious and piping hot, and pork buns. That said, the prices are very high compared to Chinatown. However, if you want a lovely dining atmosphere to go with really good food, then this the place. Only care about the food, then heading a few blocks to Chinatown will cut your cheque by about one third.笑
Its an OK place to sit down and have some dimsum. A bit pricey but its location is pretty central. Not a place i would go again unless i just wanted to sit down after walking too much. Lots of other eating options on the same street.笑
I'm in the area all the time but I've never ventured here for some reason. When a friend finally called me out I agreed to try but I admit I was skeptical. We arrived early for lunch and the waiter was really nice and explained the restaurant to us. I was surprised that they didn't have a lot of standard dim sum dishes. We ordered a variety of things and for the most part I thought it was decent but too rich for my liking. Ambience was also kind of strange - you're eating dim sum with a large bar in the middle of the restaurant and apparently an even larger bar/events space upstairs. Three stars for good service but I will probably be getting my dim sum fix somewhere else.笑
Horrible experience. 
Long wait time when there were just 2 tables occupied. 
Superbly overpriced. 
Cold food. 
We didn't look at the bill in detail and later realized we were charged $50 for 4 skewers (listed at approx $2.50/each on the menu), squid and a sake.
Avoid this place at all costs笑
This place has a pretty cool name and sign, but the inside resembles a food court with cheap looking tables and seats despite it being a real restaurant. The waitress was efficient although confused and not knowledgeable about the drinks they had to offer. The har kau was pretty good, but it was also $7! The sticky rice in lotus leaf was a bit too sticky and mushy. The BBQ pork tenderloin tasted good, but I thought calling it tenderloin was a bit much considering it tasted like your typical BBQ pork at any Chinatown restaurant. Finally, the beef brisket with ramen was a mixed bag. The beef brisket was very tender and delicious, but the ramen noodles were too salty and not spicy at all. Overall, the food was decent, but a bit overpriced and the inside was pretty basic as well.笑
Solid dim sum and entrees in the Entertainment District .  We came for a quick dinner and were pretty happy with the dim sum and Chinese-fusion dishes.  Some highlights:
1. Stuffed eggplant with shrimp: Very solid with flavorful shrimp and fresh eggplant.
2. Shrimp toast: Loved this with a very generous portion of shrimp and a thin layer of breading vs. mostly breading.
3. Shrimp shumai: Solid but pretty standard
4. Sizzling black pepper beef steak: Served sizzling and the portion is very generous.  the steak itself is tender and flavorful.
5. Mushroom egg drop soup: Flavorful, light, and full of mushroom and egg.  One of the best versions I have had.
6. Chicken with mushrooms casserole: Very solid with button and oyster mushrooms served in a claypot style.

Service was solid and the seating is low key but comfortable and nice enough for a pre-theatre dinner.  Worth a visit and the best part is that you can get dim sum at all hours!笑
Generally I wouldn't trust a place that advertises dim sum as "Chinese tapas",  but we had a Groupon and gave it a shot. 

A bit pricer than Chinatown with the average dim sum dish ranging between $4-7. We ordered the sui mai, pork dumplings,  taro dumplings which were made well. They weren't greasy or overly slimy like the bigger, more busy Chinatown restaurants and each piece was significant, almost like made to order. I don't think the dumplings were frozen,  and if they are then they are pretty high quality. 

This isn't a bad place to eat if you catching a show across the street but since the prices are almost double than what you pay in Chinatown,  I might just stick Rosewood for my dim sum fix.笑
Always wanted to try this place; hoping fkr a fusion type dim sum restaurant. Compared to dim sum in markham and chinatown, this place falls below. Firstly, the price is quite steep for the portion; we got 4 dishes which amounted to about $37, and were all small. For the price, i was hoping for amazing, amd quality dim sum. The taste ended up being not as good as my usual spots in markham. The service itself was very good; food arrived on time and servers were helpful. The location and venue itself is what you pay for. Far too expensive for me to justify returning, but if youre in the area or work near by, its a good place to hang out.笑
Recently stopped in here while in town and decided to buy the Groupon and check it out. Groupons are sometimes scary as I find it is usually a place that is failing (often on its own doing) or newly opened and just trying to get people to try it...glad to see this was the latter option!

First of all let me say the food was very good overall.  We tried several of the dumplings and the BBQ pork buns, which were all good.

That being said, I really would have liked to give this place 4 stars, but simply cannot based on the service, which was very sub-par.  It started out ok after but went downhill from there. It seemed like after 4-5 more people walked in after us the service shut down.  We placed an order for more dumplings (with a different waitress as ours was MIA for a short while). After placing the order she came back a few minutes later to "double check what he wanted." After several more minutes a 2nd waiter came over and asked to confirm our order, and whether we wanted "pork and shrimp" we said no, just pork...guess what we ended up getting? Pork & Shrimp!

As far as the alcoholic beverages they tasted very weak, like they had no alcohol.  Also when I ordered one of them (a drink of their own menu) the waitress had no idea what I was talking about and sent the gentleman from behind the bar over to ask.  One thing that I noticed that always scares me is when the bartender looks up your drink recipe in a book.  I could see if I had ordered something off the wall or odd that nobody had ever heard of, but these were 2 drinks off their own menu...you should know your own menu inside and out.

The service, although sub-par, the staff were very friendly and welcoming.  At this point I would chalk it up to the new restaurant jitters seeing as this place just opened, but hopefully they can work out the kinks in their service.
I would give them another chance if I were in the area again.笑
Decent dim sum but it's expensive.

A pot of tea costs money and they automatically add the gratuity to the bill.

Take the walk up to Dundas and Spadina for better prices.笑
What a rip-off! 
An order of lemon chicken and one of sauteed broccolini -- $47????  Really???
That's what we were charged for these two small take out portions through Just Eat.
When we called to complain, we were offered another order of each - IF we came to pick it up ourselves.
The quality of the food is only so-so.  We'll NEVER order from them again!!笑
I guess it's kinda fusion restaurant. We had some dim sum here and actually they didn't  taste like the normal flavours.笑
Dim sum is dim sum. Tapas is not dim sum. Well, maybe dim sum is a form of tapas, but I definitely think you can't advertise it that way! 

I went here for a Sunday lunch with a small group. One of our group was gluten free, which was a huge oversight on our part. Not a lot of the items are GF, and the severs didn't know which ones were. Lots of breading = lots of gluten! 

The service here was certainly slow, but friendly - this was especially annoying because we were basically the only table. 

I found the prices to be high, which fits the area but with so many other dim sum joints just up Spadina, I can't imagine myself heading here any time soon. If you're going to spend that kind of money on lunch, cross the street and check out Canteen!笑
Had read the reviews on Yelp about Pearl King before purchasing a Groupon, so knew to expect higher prices than a Chinatown experience.  But the prices can be justified by:  ability to make a reservation (a criteria for the Groupon, but also great to be able to reserve a table);  and a nice spacious and CLEAN seating area.

We were really pleased by the dishes we ordered for lunch:  Har gow;  Siu Mai;  BBQ pork buns, Hockey Pucks, chicken dumpling, a scallop skewer and the shrimp-stuffed portabello mushroom.  A few of the servings were on the small side - the scallop skewer was literally ONE scallop divided into 3 thin slices, but it was tasty.  We loved the stuffed portabello the most as it is different from what you can order from other places.  

Based on Yelp reviews, we also knew to expect a potential tea service charge, and were ready to dispute it if it appeared on our bill.  I had water, and my friend had iced tea.  The glass of Iced tea was $4!  But no other service charge.

My Groupon was $15, which gave a $30 credit on my bill.  The bill incl tax and credit came to around $20, + tip = $26.  For $41 total outlay ($15+$26), it was a decent but kind of expensive lunch (but in a nice setting).  If the bill had been without the Groupon, I don't think it would have been worth it at all!

After our lunch, my friend and I went shopping downtown.  About 90-120 minutes after lunch, we were extremely parched, and our feet felt swollen (despite unhurried walking).  Our conclusion was that the dim sum was likely laden with MSG.  Typically neither of us have extreme reactions to MSG (and realize it's often in Chinese food), but since we shared a lunch, we figured it was the culprit.  Too bad it was a bad ending to what was otherwise an OK dim sum lunch.笑
I would describe this place as a hip overpriced dimsum joint... Although they also have a selection of Chinese "tapas" which I didn't try. The food wasn't particularly special and you can find similar food options at better price points in Chinatown but I guess this will do if you're really craving dimsum and you're in the area.