I tried a take out order, it still took way too long to get the food, but at least it's good and it's the really the only Chinese place in the area笑
Well ordered my food at 8:22 they are literally four min away from my house and it's 9:25 and still NO FOOD LETS SEE HOW MUCH LONGER THIS IS GOING TO TAKE I was told delivery guy left about 15 mins ago which is a lie I was also told 45 mins for delivery!! 9:57 still haven't received my order!!! So the lady came to the door at 10:10 and offered me a $10 discount then she said so sorry u ordered at 940? Lol no I didn't I ordered at 8:22 when I showed her what time I called on my phone she was embarrassed and I didn't take the food!! She can keep it!! Horrible service horrible horrible place don't order here!!!!笑
We were thrilled to find a Chinese place that delivered near us. We ordered food for 5 people and a few "add ons".  Poor quality food. Wish I could say it was atleast mediocre, but it was bad. Don't recommend. 2 days of food poisoning from this place. We are incredibly disappointed.笑
This place is absolutely horrible. I ordered a meal and the chicken was tough and freezer burned. Totally disgusting. The owner would not comp the meal and told me nothing is wrong with food. We all know that if we don't like something, you give it back and they take it off the bill. Not this place. The owner is a total lose canon!!!! Horrible horrible customer service not to mention the food. It explains why this place doesn't get much business. Trust me, it's not worth the money. Go to Chens Chinese in the Albertsons parking lot on Ellsworth and Baseline. It's so yummy. Way better food than this place.笑
I love this place! They have lunch special $5.99. You can choose either soup or spring roll. Include in lunch special pork fried rice or white or brown rice & the main entree. We ordered Mongolian beef & Kung Pao chicken which was so good! Yummy!!笑
Always polite and friendly. I think there are only four employees and they are working everyday. I don't know how they do it but they keep up the busy pace and turn out great food.笑
If I could give this place zero stars I would. Roaches in the bathroom and the most horrible customer service ever! I'm also pretty sure they put MSG in their food even though they will tell you they don't!  Never again!笑
We had an excellent meal here today. I had the walnut Shrimp and it was delicious and large. My husband had Kung Pao Chicken on the lunch menu, which last till 4 pm and he said it was really good. From other reviews, I wouldn't recommend getting delivery but ordering and picking up,  or eating in, I think you can't go wrong. We will definitely be back. And didn't see a fly in sight!笑
The food is mediocre, fine for a delivery place when we dont have many options in a newer community. I rated them 1 stars  one because again i use mediocre to describe the taste but mostly because of the service (and because this app doesn't allow 0 stars). If you call once to check on your order after an hour of waiting you will most likely speak to a man who will rush you off the phone and give you multiple excuses about how busy they are. If you call twice after 2 hrs of waiting an asian woman answers who just screams at you that your food is on its way and then hangs up on you.  Seems to me if business is really that booming they should hire an extra delivery person to help out. I speak from experience as i have ordered more then 5 times from this business and it's gotten progressively worse. Order if you're semi hungry with some time to burn, otherwise dont waste your time and money. Update: after over 2 hrs i just called and cancelled he assured me it would be hot as they make it fresh to deliver. 2 hrs and 7 min later i highly doubt that. Bye!笑
WOW WoW wOw!!!  Fabulous food, fabulous customer service and prompt friendly delivery! Spring rolls are great, egg foo was amazing, chow mein was great and I was extremely excited their hot and sour soup was supah dupah yum!  I'll be placing future orders with them ABSOLUTELY!  Thank you!!!笑
Took way too long for delivery.  Food was decent.  Crab Ragoons were delicious.笑
One of my family's favorite Chinese restaurants in the valley. 
Portions are great..... Food is excellent.... Prices are more than fair for what you get. 
Never too busy on any visit. We love going here.笑
Ordered delivery after working all day and they are further away from a few other Chinese restaurants however the others don't deliver. I ordered the Happy Family combo and I substituted pork fried rice from the steam rice. Everything is yummy and I would give 5 stars except the rices is undercooked but it still has flavor. Take out on a Friday night, heck yes! I recommend this dish!笑
Not the best I've had, and the estimated delivery was about 30 minutes late, but over all it satisfied our craving笑
I placed an order for delivery at 7:00pm and Yelps Eat24 app confirmed delivery by 8:04pm. I called the restaurant at 8:13pm to be told it was almost ready. Then at 8:45pm I called to cancel and received no apology or explanation. We ordered 2 kinds of soup, egg rolls, crab rangoons, & fried rice, items that are typically a quick order at a Chinese restaurant. I'm furious and will never order from this restaurant again!笑
Do not order for delivery from this place! It took 3 hours for my order to show up and when it got here all I got was sorry we were busy. If you are that busy don't say it will take 45-60 minutes! Absolutely ridiculous! I will never order from here again!笑
The food is always cooked to order so they take the time necessary.  I always get take out so I just time it so I get there about the time I know they'll finish.  The food is delicious and authentic.  The staff is polite and friendly.  We keep things interesting by trying a variety of restaurants in the area but we always know we're getting with Empire and we will keep coming back.笑
Best Chinese place I have been to in forever. Lunches are 7.00 and the portions are huge. Pu pu platter was amazing.  I am in heaven and this place is 5 miles from my house笑
First time we ordered was via Grbhub and the food arrived  within 45 minutes hot and tasty. The portions were good and the flavors were like East Coast Chinese food.  Will use it in the future.笑
I would love to give a review of the food but I never got to try it. My husband and I ordered on a Friday night and after an hour and a half of waiting I checked in. When I mentioned I have been waiting the lady automatically said "do you want to cancel or wait?" No apology no reason for it being late. I asked how much longer and she said 30 minutes. Once it was 2 and a half hours I called again. After the phone rang for 2 minutes the lady answered out of breath. I told her we still haven't gotten our food and I want to cancel. She said okay and hung up. Around 10 at night there is a knock on our door and the food arrived.... 3 hours late... we told them we cancelled the order and didn't want the food. He said he was never told and started arguing with my husband. After all of that my card was still charged and I had to file with my bank to get the charges reversed. The delivery person's excuse for being late? "What do you expect for a Friday night?" NEVER AGAIN.笑
"New York" style Chinese with a "New York" style Price Tag!  Each menu "item" consists of the usual premade sauces and lower-quality "meat" ingredients that one typically gets at food court type Chinese joints and cheap buffets.  This is fine if you're expecting such, but the presentation of Empire Asian Bistro is that of a sit-down affair and they have priced their food to match!  Dishes are prepared "fresh", which is fantastic, but the food, outside of the mid-day lunch specials, is unreasonably expensive at $8-$14 per entrée without many extras!  All in all, the food tastes absolutely fine for what it is supposed to be...generic, take-out style, overly Americanized "Chinese" food.  However, there's nothing special or unique to make this a standout establishment.  The selection is as stereotypical as it gets (Orange Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, Mongolian Beef, etc.) and the dishes are very oversauced.  I will say that the service is extremely friendly and the menu items are predictable if you've had similar food before.  The atmosphere is comfortable and typically very quiet (because it's usually empty) and the restaurant is kept abnormally clean, which is a good thing.  Unfortunately, Empire Asian Bistro loses out on sheer "value".  You can get the same food at 10 other places within just a few minutes of here.  Not a bad joint, but not a great one, either.笑
I just recommended EMPIRE on the Facebook page of the senior community in which I live. Comments in response was that those who've gone before me, and on the strength of my Facebook post, have found without exception, that the food is great. 

I used to go to the Peking Gourmet in Falls Church, VA during my years living in the Virginia suburbs of Washington, DC (1982-2004). Peking Gourmet was as good as it gets (WASHINGTONIAN MAGAZINE GAVE IT WASHINGTON'S BEST MANY YEARS) and famous people went there, including President George H.W. Bush. Well, EMPIRE ASIAN BISTRO IS EVERY BIT AS GOOD AS WASHINGTON'S BEST. 

The portions were VERY GENEROUS and I'll have two more dinners from that which I brought home. While we were there, the phone kept ringing, and it must have been takeout and delivery clients, because there was a steady stream of people (we went at 6PM on a Sunday) coming in to get their takeout bags. I ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken and my wife ordered Chicken With Garlic Sauce. Both great.

PS: The restrooms were extremely clean. That's a very good sign!笑
Ordered for delivery...I had company over, all the reviews looked good...so I decided to try it. They said it would be 45-60 minutes...after 4 phone calls and almost 2 hours go by and I watched the driver pass my house 3 times...after screaming at the top of my lungs to get his attention along with 3 other people we finally got him to stop. Finally, famished getting to eat; the food was good....not amazing. I'd give them another try. Maybe the driver was just an idiot...笑
Great food delivered in 35 minutes.  Thank you so much!笑
This is honestly the worst Chinese food I have ever put into my mouth.  I have lived all over the world ate all sorts of traditional and non traditional Chinese food and this is seriously the worst I have ever had.  My son who ordered the sweet and sour chicken (mind you this child will eat anything you put in front of him if its food....literally), he took one bite and gagged.  I thought he was being dramatic as 8 year olds do and I tasted his food and did the same.  The sweet and sour was solid sour, the chicken was the consistency of a Lincoln Log or a Lego for those of you who don't remember Lincoln Logs.

I hadn't even tasted my food yet and all I got was sesame chicken and the Szechuan Dumpling in the Sesame Sauce. It was a coagulated lumpy mess inside and the Dumpling if you want to call it that was mush....like not a good mush....like when you push your tongue to the roof of your mouth and realize there is no turning back because its that mush.   No gagging this time which was a plus.  

When I called to talk to the restaurant, and mind you people, I am one of those guys who will also eat anything...really, but when you completely screw something up and charge me for it, then, I feel as a consumer I should have the right to at least let them know, you know so they don't make crappy food choices in the future...constructive criticism people.  Anyway people, I called this place and when she answered her first words were "its on its way".  LMAO...it's on its way!  I read all the other reviews and this seems to be an issue.  Regardless I then pursued the conversation to talk to them about the quality of what I had just put in my mouth, not eaten but put in my mouth and she did not seem to understand much English, which is fine with me but she kept telling me I was welcome.  I was welcome...listen lady on the telephone the only welcome I got is when the food which I paid 30$ for was tossed in the garbage.笑
food is very good...service sucks...delivery is even worse...i waited almost 2 hours for the delivery of food that takes 15 minutes to cook!!!笑
We just had food delivered by grubhub from here...first good restaurant food we've had in 3 days! The lemon chicken and teriyaki chicken were both excellent and they really don't skimp on the food. We'll be eating for several meals. We highly recommend this place!!!笑
I order from these guys all the time.  The food is good, the delivery is fast, and they are always friendly.  My favorite things from their menu are bbq boneless spareribs, lemon chicken, pan fried dumplings, pan fried noodles with vegetables, and salt and pepper fish.  

I've never eaten inside, so I don't really know what the servers are like, but I get take out or delivery at least once a week and everyone I've dealt with has been great.  :)笑
E-Gad! For all of you whining about delivery time, may I suggest that you get off your boo-tay and pick up the food yourself?  : /笑
I have ordered from this place several times. Their food is good but they either always mess something up or they take forever to deliver! Lady time o ordered it took over two hours for delivery! They sales Thai would give me a credit. I just called and they said I have no credit. I'm not paying these guys games anymore.笑
This place is hidden behind CVS and has awesome Chinese food.  They have managed to stay open in a strip mall that is almost empty.  Once you get over the wonderful cow smell from the near by dairies, the quality of food makes up for that inconvenience.  Great service and prices!笑
HORRIBLE!! I placed an order and gave it an hour before I finally called. They said they were just too busy and hadnt had a chance to start my food yet and it would be another 45 minutes if we still wanted it!! RIDICULOUS!笑
We do not order Chinese food from anywhere else! When family come in town that is where we go. Personal service, and special request!笑
Service, food, cleanliness, efficiency and cost is all A+! I will never eat Chinese anywhere else! The staff is so friendly and the atmosphere is fun and cozy. Very relaxed! A great little place tucked away in a strip mall! Sesame chicken, won ton soup and crab won-tons are a MUST!笑
Service is quick.  Food is good.  Price is right.  Great for a quick business lunch.笑
There was a dead fly in one of our meals. It was actually in the noodles and obviously came from the restaurant and not after we had opened it at home. Needless to say it totally turned me off of eating here ever again. This is also the second time I ordered from here and it wasn't great the first time. I thought I'd give it another try and now I feel comfortable never ordering from there again.笑
Just ordered from Grub Hub. Delivery said it would be a hour, was here in 30-40 mins. Food arrived hot and fresh. For the price, you get your money's worth. Dishes are loaded with meat and short on veggies. Just how I like it. Just moved to the area and have found my local Chinese delivery!笑
This is probably one of my favorite places to go out to eat. I always order the Orange Chicken, and my boyfriend always gets Wings. It is delicious!笑
First time here.  Very disappointed. 
First, the lunch special is 2 dollars more than most places I go and you get less.  
Second, the egg drop soup was full of what seemed to be ground beef.  Completely ruined a really good soup.  
Third, I had read a review about the orange chicken being very good.  To be fair, it did taste very good.  At least the pieces I was able to eat.  The majority of it was just fried to a rock hard lump that was inedible.  
I won't return.笑
LOVE this place. Great food, fast delivery! What more can you ask for? I recommend the lo mien and beef and broccoli.笑
This place lies. We order food and it can take 2 hours to arrive. They say it is on the way but it really is not. Order at your own risk.笑
I am so picky when it comes to Chinese and was hesitant to let my husband order from somewhere new. I am so glad i did this place is amazing. We have already ordered twice. The portions are big and we had left overs for the teenagers when they came home!笑
After reading all the bad reviews that all seemed to say "the food is great but it takes 2-3 hours to get it" I was hesitant to order but I was craving Chinese so I called the restaurant and discussed the reviews with them. It seems that on Friday and Saturday nights it's very busy and yes, it can take that long.  I ordered on a Sunday at 5:30 and my food was delivered less than 45 minutes later.
  We had the Sweet and sour shrimp (the shrimp were huge) and beef with broccoli and shrimp rolls.  The food is fantastic!  I will be ordering again but I will only order over the phone so I can find out if there will be a delay.  One of the downsides of ordering online is you have no idea how busy they are.

matt in far east mesa!笑
Don't order delivery from this restaurant.  It took them 2 hours to deliver my food and I live 3 miles away. When the food arrived it was cold.  I won't order from this restaurant again.笑
Since when does it take 1 1/2hrs. toile Lo mein?  My husband and I sat at this joint with only 1 other party in the dining room for over an hour.  I won't be stopping in on my lunch hour!!!!笑
I am from the east coast where American Chinese food is perfected, I have been looking for somewhere that could simulate the same food. I have finally found it. We ordered the Chicken Lo Mein and Shrimp fried rice ( our test meal) and it was delicious. Reminds me a back east. I would have given 5 stars if only the Lo Mein had bean sprouts only thing missing. The flavor was fantastic noodles and chicken were cooked perfectly. I also like the spin of having the bell pepper. I will be back for sure. General Tso up next!!!笑
When I lived in the East Valley I used to love this place so its hard post a negative review.
My daughter ordered from Empire Bistro recently (4:30 pm 7/3/16) and the order was delivered to the wrong address and I'm not sure where fault lies for that.
My daughter called Empire Bistro when her order failed to arrive, she was told that the order was left at the doorstep of a similar address a short distance away and that she should walk or drive there to pick up her order.

I called Empire Bistro at 6:45 pm and asked to speak to the owner manager on duty the person taking my call said neither were available and asked me why I was calling.
I explained why I was calling, the lady became argumentative and belligerent telling me it wasn't her problem.
My response was that I'd leave a review of mine and my daughters experience and the poor customer service we'd received.
The person from Empire Bistro said she didn't care and that I couldn't file this review........笑
Great food,big portions,friendly staff,would've given 5 stars,but the only downside is their delivery,it takes quite awhile笑
Horrible horrible horrible that's all I can say everything about this "business" is terrible IF they actually answer their phone it takes forever! Food arrived late and cold I hate this place and the way they conduct business don't waste your money笑
While the food here is delicious, we will never be ordering delivery ever again. The first time my wife and I waited an hour for our food. We understand that it usually takes anywhere between 30-45min for any delivery in the food industry. An hour? We called and they said they were already out. However, twenty minutes later they arrived. We live just a few streets down and it took twenty minutes after they were "already out?" We tried to be understanding. Lucky for them, their food is good. So good that we ordered again tonight. We ordered at 6:30pm and did not get our food until 8:15pm. We will never be ordering online again. Nor will we be going there in person, because who knows how long we will have to wait in person! If you're wanting Chinese delivery within the normal time frame, DO NOT order here! I wish we had known this before hand.笑
Good food being from Chicago I have a high standard ! Establishment is always clean and the cooks are the real Asian deal ...you can't go wrong .笑
Food is good but the wait for take out is always between 45 minutes to 1 hour. I might have to find some other place cuz this is the third time and I don't think 3rd time was the charm.笑
My husband had the Mongolian beef and raved over it.  I had the spring rolls and beef lo mein...both were quite tasty.  Delivery was within the hour which is what I expected based on the estimated time posted online.  I thought the price was fair and one dollar for delivery?  Very reasonable.  No complaints.  We will order again.笑
We ordered delivery from here and waited 2 1/2 hours for our food.  We finally gave up and had to go somewhere else.  Each time I called to ask about our order they were not friendly or helpful.   Don't waste your time.笑
Over 90 after placing my delivery order with no food in sight last Monday, I called the restaurant to cancel.  Was told by some super rude aggressive Asian  lady that "it was on its way".  So I told her to cancel the order, its taking too long.  Again told the same thing in a rude,aggressive manner, while talking over me.  Sorry, but your not going to bully me into waiting any longer.  I wont ever order from this place again.  Too bad because I was getting delivery once a week there.  never again.  Rude!笑
Don't ask them for food delivery!! I finished my order on 6:12 PM, but they sent me the food on 11:02 PM! Around 4 hours' waiting! It is the worst service that I met. Of course, finally I canceled the order!笑
We loved this place.  My wife and I love Chinese food and have tried many restaurants across the valley. The Egg Foo Young and General Tso's Chicken were excellent.  Presentation was attractive, service was efficient and friendly, and the restaurant was clean.  Family style dining.  Worthy of many rerturn visits and delivery orders.笑
Honestly, Empire Bistro has some of the best Chinese food in East Mesa.  The service could use some improvement, but overall I would recommend this local restaurant.笑
I hate to go from 5 stars from my previous review to just 2 stars, but it took 2.5
hours to get our food delivered - There is just no excuse for taking that long, we got no apologies or explanation as to why it took so long, even called at 90 minutes in and they said it's fresh food made to order...OK but we ordered 90 minutes ago!! The food is so good, so that is why they are getting 2 stars, but I will never order from this place again!!笑
Got delivery all wrong. Ordered Moo goo gai pan and mongolian beef. And hot and sour soup and egg drop soup. Got mongolian beef instead of Moo goo gai pan and got 1 wonton soup instead of egg drop soup. Not the first time the delivered wrong. Order through beyond menu so they had a hard copy of what I ordered. How could they screw that up. Looking for another Chinese delivery. I have nothing to say bad about the food.笑
Out of the 3 places that deliver to our area it's the best but they have the WORST delivery service. It's beyond pathetic. Not only do they constantly arrive 1hr later than expected but they LIE about being on their way. Either they just don't know how to run their business or they are just flat out choosing to give horrible service. My advice go pick up your food if you choose to give this place a try.笑
Holy crap delivery was 1.45 hours!!!! Food was OK not worth nearly 2 hours!! Orange chicken was dark meat so didn't eat it lemon chicken was chicken breast breaded and cup of lemon sauce OK but didn't eat that either笑
Maybe it was the items we chose (sweet and sour chicken and Mongolian beef) but it was less than impressive, and cold. Delivery time was nearly an hour which seems a little long to me. Mongolian beef was oddly soft and tasted just funky. Egg rolls were great, though. I wish I ordered more.笑
Love this place.  Very picky on my Chinese having lived in Asia and this place hits my Chinese food cravings!!!  Great portion sizes....笑
The roast pork lo mein combo is outstanding! Service a bit slow. No prtoblems with food experienced dining in, or delivery.笑
I ordered from Empire Asian Bistro this evening and had the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant in Arizona. They told me you would be up to an hour before my order would be here which I accepted but it was an hour and 45 minutes before my food showed up and it was all cold and unedible.! The restaurant explained it off as the fact that they had a new delivery guy that had had not lived in Phoenix very long. I didn't I don't accept that as an excuse the person that I called about the order not coming had been been to our apartment several times and she called him several times tonight to find out where he was he still didn't get here until the food was all cold and disgusting I will never eat at this restaurant again worst experience possible!!!笑
Food is ok but the customer service is terrible!! So rude over the phone. If you act like you don't want my business then i will go somewhere else! Ordered my food 2 hours ago and it's still not here. I called and they just said its on its way that was 20 minutes ago.笑
I ordered from Empire Bistro for the first time tonight. I don't normally write reviews unless I am so disappointed that I feel an obligation to other consumers.  

First, the egg rolls were so hard it was if they had been sitting under a heat lamp all day. They were difficult to bite into and chewy. 

The spicy dumplings were nothing more than steamed potstickers drowned in some thick,  gross sauce. 

The won ton soup lacked salt and flavor. 

I ordered the lo mein extra spicy and I could not find a chili flake in sight.  A toddler could have consumed this sauce.  That's how "spicy" it was.  The noodles were hard and the veggies were raw.  

What a complete waste of $24!! I would be better served by rinsing the food off and trying to re - cook the meal myself.  Not fun when you're just curling up for a night of take out. I feel robbed.  Never again!笑
We ordered delivery through the Eat24 app. It was a very simple process. The estimated delivery time was a bit long, but they got here within that window. The delivery gal was very friendly, all smiles. The food was hot and in good sized portions. 

The crab Rangoon was awesome!!!  Crispy and bursting the cream cheese mixture (which I like, to each their own) We got beef fried rice, beef and broccoli, and a pepper steak combo. Generous portions of meat, the veggies were still crunchy and the sauces were flavorful. For our first experience we were quite satisfied and will be ordering from them in the future.笑
Recently found out about these guys due to GrubHub.   Not sure if they just stared using them, or just opened it up to my address. 

Either way, very happy we found them! Food is good, service is great and they deliver.笑
What an awful experience and I would caution anyone from eating here! We ordered a meal to be delivered on Sunday and after an hour and a half wait the owner called to tell us that they had run out of a veggie, but were making it right then and would be there soon! Another hour and a half passed and we were then told it was in the vehicle to be delivered! When we got it the egg rolls were cold, there was sauce all over the bags and the food was lukewarm! When asked for a refund we were told that the owner would not give us a refund because it was late but it was not cold! I was then told that I would however get a ten percent discount t on my next order! Any person with any customer service would have refunded our money! We won't ever be back and will let anyone else know not to eat there as well!笑
Food is delicious. Better than any quick or delivery restaurants around. Delivery was 35-45 mins, which is the same as if ordering pizza. Love it for date night and a movie!

Orange chicken 
Honey walnut chicken or shrimp 
Fried rice
Crab wontons笑
The most sub-mediocre Chinese ever!!   Placed our delivery order at 5:45pm.  After 3 calls and a bunch of nonsensical assurances that our food was out for delivery....it showed up 1 hour and 45 minutes later.   Trust me, if you have a taste for Chinese food like we did, go to McDonalds and order a Big Mac.   Pour a bunch of Teriyaki sauce on it.   It will be a much better representation of of authentic Chinese than this place笑
This is the worst Chinese food I have ever had....    i did a take out order, so i didn't knownwhat to expect....   first off the restaurant had a funky smell as soon as I walked in...    that should have told me to cancel my order, but I didnt....   we order a large amount of food and 95% of it got throw in the garbage...   what a big disappointment it was......笑
WORST chinese food I've EVER had!! I'm a huge fan of Chinese food and I can honsetly say this was the worst!!! I got FOOD POISONING from the teriyaki chicken, after only eating like 5 bites of it because it tasted spoiled and disgusting!!! I threw up for FIVE HOURS and I will make sure none of my friends ever go there. It was awful!! Don't waste your money or time (took an hour for delivery) on this piece of crap place!笑
Ordered off Yelp and food arrived in 35 minutes. For being in Mesa and delivering to Gilbert (Val Vista and Guadalupe) is very nice. Food was excellent! Mongolian Beef, sweet Sour Chicken and Orange Chicken were all delicious. No problems with my order either. Family was happy! Time for some SNF!!笑
Today December 11th we came for lunch the white rice instead of it being sticky rice was instant white rice the fried rice was so dry the pork lo mein that we had the pork was so badly burnt invented the burnt taste went right through the food I don't know what happened this used to be a good place but obviously things have changed笑
Tried this place for the first time. Had the Hot Lovers Chicken which was like a spicy Sweet & Sour Chicken and it was really good. I like that you could actually see and taste the chicken in the batter. Some places you get a mouth full of fried batter and wonder if there's any chicken in the dish.笑
We're always ordering delivery from here and the food is fresh, hot and really good! I almost always get the chicken in garlic sauce & their lo mein is good too.笑
Decided to try delivery this time. Wow, easy peasy and on time and hot.  I really like this place. It's a great little place with good food. I have yet to get a bad or off putting meal. Staff is pleasant witha smile. Always.笑
Tried to eat here. Sat down and got menu but spent the whole time swatting the flies away , never could read the menu , finally left after 10 minutes of killing flies笑
Have tried ordering from here again and have achieved the same results....cold food...over an hour wait.  I really want to like this place but the service is just too lousy to be forgivable.笑
This is the best Chinese food we have had in Mesa.. we  like to take our company there and always have plenty of food!!!Deb V笑
We were looking for a quick dinner before attending an event and decided to try this place. There was 3 other parties in there dining and a few people waiting for take out. It took 10 minutes for the lady to ask for our drink orders. When she brought them back, we ordered. It was then 30 minutes before we got our meals. During that time, I went up the counter and asked to pay because we were in a hurry. She ran my card - for an incorrect amount. When the food did come, my dish was incorrect. We didn't have time to send it back. Never did the server apologize for the wait, offer refills, or check on us. The food was delicious, but the service and slowness was so bad. So so so bad.笑
Short and sweet.  I have been 4 times and tried something different every time.  Its not PF Changs, but it has all been good. Lunch specials are only $5.99, 7 days a week.  The menu has a large selection, and they deliver. I will be coming back.笑
Each table should have a fly swatter instead of soy sauce. 

We used to like this place a lot, but each time we go there, thinking the last time was a fluke, it just gets worse and worse.  We like supporting the small businesses, but this one is a lost cause.

The location is really weird and feels abandoned, like we're in a post apocalyptic setting.  That scene is intensified by the disgusting number flies landing on the table, our food, our straws, our faces.... Ugh.   How can the owner(s) be okay with this?  It feels like that scene from The Ammityville Horror where flies fill the room.

 Food is never consistent, the wait staff is terrible, they bring out one meal at a time.  I've been almost done with mine before my wife even gets her food.  Why stagger meals?  Do they really do only one thing at a time?  

Even when we are the only table in the place (which is typical) they screw up the order.  Our last time (which really was our last time), we asked for no onions on our food.  The waitress smiles, nods and says ok. My wife clarifies and says no onions on anything, please.  Waitress smiles and nods and says yes, yes.  I told my wife that I'd bet anything there will be onions on it.  Yep, onions all over the place... And we were the only table in the place (a little creepy at 6:00pm).  They had nothing else to do and still couldn't do it right.

I'm very surprised this place is still in business.  I'm sure it won't be long.   

I think they do a decent delivery business, but I'm sure that's because nobody goes inside.笑
It's been 2.5 hrs since I ordered....they close in 15 mins. Idk if we're going to get our food :(笑
The sad part is I haven't even tried the food yet! But I ordered OVER 2 hours ago and still no food. 3 phones calls later including me calling to make sure the order was ok after placing the online order only to be called back 45 minutes later and told my card wasnt working they had the expiration date wrong and they hadnt started my food yet. I gave them the right info they said we will do it ASAP. Well over an hour later and still nothing. This is ridiculous. I am a very understanding and realistic person. I knew ordering on a Friday night would be long but I have never ever had to wait longer than an hour for anything delivery ever! We will not be ordering from here again. And it is unfortunate because I have no idea how their food tastes but after the bad taste in my mouth of waiting 2+ order I dont think we will like it! Pitiful!笑
Went here with some friends at their recommendation.

Menu was nothing special, but the food was tasty.  No alcohol offered, but BYO is OK.  Service was fair to OK, but not very attentive once orders were taken.

Overall, I won't go back here, as there are too many other more appealing places.笑
I ordered via their online service which was easy to use and convenient. I picked up the food to avoid the issues some of the other reviewers had. In terms of the food, it was hit and miss. I got the beef egg foo young and egg drop soup with wontons. The beef in the egg foo young wasn't good at all: chewy, tasteless, and fatty. The egg itself was good, so I'll probably get the veggie egg foo young next time. The fried rice that came with it was really good. The egg drop soup was good but the wontons weren't. It was cheap meat just like the beef in the egg foo young.I'm still willing to try some of the other entrees to see what's good and what isn't.笑
Please don't order delivery from here!  I don't know if there food is any good because after 1 1/2 hours I called to see what was going on and they said it is out and should be there in 10 mins.  After another 30 mins without it getting here I called to cancel my order!笑
HORRIBLE FOR DELIVERY!!!!
Ordered through Grub Hub. Was quoted am hour delivery. Hour and a half later I called and was told "it's out for delivery". 2 hours later, no food. Called Grub Hub and they were able to cancel my order. They were also surprised to learn the restaurant lied to me about the food being out for delivery.
Never again!笑
This used to be five star, but when the delivery lady demands, "tip by cash" and then "you give me cash!" from my 14 year old daughter, you've lost my business.  I average $60 orders from here and have enjoyed the food.  I hope the $10 forced tip was worth it.笑
The food here is excellent! The best in Mesa. I highly recommend the crab ragoons, lemon chicken and chicken lo-mien. HOWEVER the service is so slow! They have 1 person to hostess, answer phones, and serve. It's ridiculous how long everything takes. Next time I'm ordering to go. Eat in the restaurant if you have time.笑
I love this place.. You have to go and try there lunch special.. Best Fried rice.. And sometimes get new vegetables in it..Im a creature of habit and get my favorite three things.. But last two times tried two new items..Wasn't my favorite.. and wasn't  as spicy as I was hoping.. But they are on time when it comes to delivery. There clean inside there place.笑
We love this place! The lunch menu offers something for everyone and is served until 4:00 m. The quality of the food is far above what I expected, especially for the price! The portions are generous. Each dish is made fresh to order so the vegetables are crisp and colorful and everything has a distinct taste. There are nice booths and tables. The service is just right, friendly without hovering. Hard to find a place better than this for lunch!笑
The food is really good however the delivery took 2 hours .. So make sure you order 2 hours before your dinner time.笑
We order 2 or 3 times a month here!! We love the general tso  and the black pepper and! Lol mein is good too!!! Sometimes takes too long but we will wait for the food :)笑
Outstanding Chinese food.  The food is freshly prepared for you order.  This is not a buffet.  The quality of the food is most unusual for a $5.99 lunch that includes a drink.  The atmosphere is quiet and very clean and pleasant.  Nothing but praise for this new place.  I wish them much success.  Refreshing to find someone that cares about quality, service, and very reasonable prices.  By the way, the portions are very large.笑
It took over an hour for the food to arrive. Understandable, since it's dinner time. But when I received the order their was no sauce for the sweet and sour pork. I immediately called to see if we could fix the issue but the hostess was very rude and argued with me for two minutes about the sauce not being in there. Finally,  she said "the sauce was in there, but whatever, I guess I'll send him back with more. " I will not be ordering from this restaurant anymore.笑
The delivery took two hours. If you have enjoyed good Chinese takeout you will find this restaurant wanting. The potstickers were terrible and tasted like glue. No white rice provided gratis. The sesame chicken was so saucy you almost couldn't taste the chicken which might have been the point. The only redeeming feature were the crab rangoons which were pretty good. No future orders.笑
My wife and I have been coming here for two years. The service is always friendly and the food has been consistently delicious. Best egg drop soup I've ever had too. The ingredients are always fresh and it's nice to support a local business. Best Chinese food in the east valley! Always clean and welcoming.笑
NEVER AGAIN. 3 hours for delivery that's 3 miles away. I should've yelped beforehand. Oh and the Lo-Mein was disgusting. I got so sick from the food.笑
My favorite bistro around my house, good food and great service. Would recommend to anyone that's looking for cheap, good quality, and large portions. Great lunch specials, and fast delivery if you want just get grub hub.笑
I got an order from Grubhub for delivery. I called the place to confirm that they got the order and the lady told me they do not deliver, which is clearly stated on their Grubhub page. I tried to cancel the order and the same lady hung up on me. I had to call Grubhub to confirm they cancelled the order so I could get my money back. Extremely unprofessional and they need to update their sites.笑
Food so great we ordered 2nd time in the same week. Delivery was faster than expected and the Mongolian beef, egg roll and dragon/Phoenix dish was super yummy. We are thrilled to have such a great Chinese restaurant deliver to our home.笑
I ordered at 5:42 and did not receive our delivery order until 7:30. I called at 6:50 and again at 7:10 and was told both times my order was out for delivery. Ribs were very tough. Food was lukewarm to cold. Explosive diarrhea as well. Will never order from here again.o笑
I got a mailer for these guys and decided to check them out and thus far, I'd say I'm a fan.  

The good:

The honey sesame wings! Wow.  Really delicious, maybe one of my favorite wing flavors now.

The Honey Walnut Chicken.  I wasn't expecting a mustard taste but it really worked to make them not so sweet.  Very tasty.


The Not so good:

The fried scallops were a little soggy, a couple more minutes in the fryer and they would have been pretty good.

The shrimp with lobster sauce was OK, about what you would expect from an average Chinese take out place, but some of the other items were so good, I expected them to be better.  

Overall, I will eat there again, and likely keep ordering anything with honey in the name.笑
Ordered at 6:03 and Grub Hub said it would be here by 6:59. Then it was extended to 7:23. Now it's 8pm and no food. Called and they apologized, saying it would be another half hour because they were slammed. I get that, but the last time this happened, my food was soggy, cold, and gross. If they don't get here in half an hour, I'm asking for a refund. This is ridiculous. At least let your customers know when you're behind.笑
Great food and plenty of it. Have been there several times and see no reason to go elsewhere. Food is great, price is right, good menu, but some times the service is a  little slow.笑
Having been a customer for a few times now I will give a thumbs up to this establishment.  The food servings have always been hot and ample, using what seems to be the freshest ingredients possible. It is a family run business handed down through generations starting with grandparents in Hong Kong, then to New York City, and now in Mesa as family members branched out. The parents speak little to no English, relying upon other family members to verify orders.  All in all you won't be disappointed so give them a try.笑
This place has the worst service ever! I thought I will give it another try as my husband really likes the food. Never again!!! I have placed my order through GrubHub. Put it on a credit card, chose a tip amount. The driver showed me the receipt where they rang it up as a cash tip and demanded cash!! When I looked at the receipt it had a wrong name on it and one of the two items was also wrong. Called them and they said they would replace it but I have to wait another hour!!! The lady on the phone was rude and didn't even apologize for their mistake. She told me they're too busy and will take forever to make it and I should just keep what they gave me even though the food I have ordered was almost $5 more. I would not recommend this restaurant for online ordering.笑
Food was delicious, I had chicken lo mein and pork fried rice! The egg drop soup was a bit bland, nothing but egg and pepper. I couldn't stop staring at the nasty carpet or the lady serving with big purple rubber gloves!笑
Never had such a bad take out experience before in my life, why? OUR ORDER NEVER CAME. After a 2 hour wait (they told us to expect an hour, this was saturday night) i called to inquire how close they were. The woman on the phone cut me off, said three time "IT'S ON WAY" and hung up on me without even checking the status of our order. By 10pm (3 hours now) we gave up waiting because they were closed. Never ordering takeout from here again!!笑
The orange chicken is delicious but the server is terrible! First just cause I'm young doesn't mean I'm not a generous tipper ...I work in service so I get it. She greeted a party of older folks so nicely and with me I waited 8 mins for a menu she came over twice to ask for my money. She was rude every time she answered the phone and rolled her eyes a lot. Tip.... Get a different job if you don't like yours笑
Placed an order thru Yelp. Received an email confirmation that the order was received. Waited an hour and  then I called the restaurant. A male employee answered and when I asked to verify the status of my food. He said all the orders were out and the owner was delivering them personally. He said he wouldn't be able to look for my order since the owner wasn't there. I waited another 25 minutes and still had heard nothing. When I called back numerous time I received no answer. I finally gave up and went to Panda. I can't say anything specifically about the food since I never received it. However, if the customer service I received is a standard of how they run the business then I will pass on the food. No stars isn't an option but I will not spend my money on a business who doesn't know how to provided descent customer service.笑
My wife and I found this place on Yelp a few months back. We have ordered delivery many times and the food is always wonderful, delivery is quick, and the prices are very fair. Recently they delivered the wrong item. I called in and they offered to send the correct item or they would give me a credit towards the next order. Perfect.  We called in tonight and they gave us our credit and delivered our food. One again, the order was not correct. This time when I called I was told that the missing item was never ordered. I found this strange because when the order was repeated back to me the missing item WAS on the order.  No offer was made to correct this mistake. The person on the phone was a bit rude and I told them to just forget it.  We will not order delivery again. The ONLY reason I give them 2 stars is because the food is FANTASTIC!