Love this place, there Pizza is always so good and love there antipasto salad. They're spicy buffalo chicken hero is so good, but I am sure whatever you decide to order you will be happy笑
Love this pizza!  Huge slices with yummy toppings!  Try the chicken pesto... It will not disappoint. They also have a HUGE family size pizza available. It is awesome!笑
Let me preface this by saying the food is delicious which is why I can't help but come back but the service is terrible. The past couple of times I've come I've had to go back to the front multiple times to ensure that my order is correct.  For example tonight I ordered take out, after getting the food I had to go back since half my order was not handed to me and then after getting my order and going home, to my displeasure I saw that I got 2 slices of cheese when I ordered and paid for specialty pieces.  Decided to take the hit and not make the drive back. Always make sure to check all of your order!笑
My friend just found out some really tragic news... And I knew she wouldn't want to have to cook her family dinner. I scheduled a pizza delivery for their house and in the "special instructions" section requested that they write a bible verse of my choosing on each box. They went way beyond my wishes and hand wrote the entire verse out on the box. Not only does Venezia's make outstanding pizza, they're outstanding people. Thank you Venezia's, we'll continue to be your loyal customers.笑
I recently went into Venezias on Ellsworth for slices and wings with some friends. Two of my buddies got their orders relatively promptly, but the other two of us sat and waited while our friends ate. They ended up finishing their whole meal before our names were called (we all ordered at the same time). I went to the front of the store to see if we had been forgotten and found our slices of pizza sitting behind the front counter. Two employees were there, arguing about the order. Apparently they prepared the pizza, but forgot our wings. One employee handed us the now room-temperature slices of pizza and said the wings would be out shortly. I ordered pizza and wings, not wings with a cold pizza appetizer. Finally, twenty minutes after our friends had finished eating their food, the employee brought us our wings. He apologized for the delay and asked if there was anything else he could do for us. I asked, "Is there any sort of recompense you can offer for our wait?" He looked at me like I was an idiot and said, "I think I can do something for you." He came back and handed me their restaurant brochure (like the ones that come in the mail). 

I normally enjoy Venezia's but this experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Cold pizza and cold customer service.笑
I would like to start off by saying I have been to NYC many times. This is not "New York style" pizza IMO.

We ordered spaghetti and meatballs which was mediocre at best, cheeses sticks that were average,  and a large pizza that was OK. 

If you really are looking for NY style pizza....Casanova Brothers pizza is fantastic and is the closest I've found in this area so far.笑
Until I stopped eating out so much, I ate here at least once a week. Now it's once every few weeks. This store has great staff -- manager Chad is the bomb! The recent remodel expanded their seating, and it's easy to see why the other neighborhood pizza spots have closed down or struggled. The pizza and pasta here are great, the wings are very good and the sandwiches (while pricey) are outstanding. 

I have several out-of-state visitors each year and we never fail to stop at Venezias for a slice special. If they are lucky enough to hit the spot at the start of their visit, they always get in another meal before heading back home. If they don't go until shortly before their departure, they ask me, "hey! why didn't you take us here sooner!"笑
only pizza in area that I will gladly eat. A native new yorker, I like my pizza a certain style, and they nailed it. Good value, service, prices. All good, huge fan! I tell everyone I know, and will continue笑
Just picked up a pie for dinner. While waiting I observed several "kids" working there coughing into their hands and touching their faces. Then right on to help the next customer without washing thier hands, and there was a hand sink right there. Gross. The pizza was just ok. I couldn't tell the difference from the onions on half, and the artichokes on the other half. Heard too much hope about the food.笑
I love this place! I live in the neighborhood and always get my pizza here. I tried a different pizza place that just opened up around the corner and needless to say I'm back at Venezias...You can charge $5 for a pizza but you can not make it taste good...also, your employees always are cheerful, helpful and it looks like a well run business...笑
I love their pizza but the customer service sucks.  They almost always get our order wrong, and don't really seem to care when they do.笑
So...like most of the world I watched Breaking Bad and was geeking out a bit when I heard that this was the restaurant chain that provided Walt's infamous "roof" pizza. Haven't watched Breaking Bad? Go watch it, I'll wait. Okay, but seriously, the pizza at Venezia's is delicious! Their crust (what pizza is almost all about) is just the right balance of crispy and chewy and their toppings are fresh and generous. My all time favorite pie is the Park Avenue, sub the tomatoes with bacon for that extra flavor! The inside of this location is clean and has a good amount of seating. If there were any room for improvement it might be in speed and staff training. This is one of our go-to fast meal spots, highly recommend!笑
I just moved to the Mesa area and was super excited to find out that Venezias is so close! I am a fan of pizza in general, but this place really knocks it out of the park. The crust is phenomenal and the toppings are fresh. They have lots of coupons available and that is how I get the best deals, so make sure you look online and in the mail. 

Recommendations: 
- Vegetarian Style (Mushrooms, green peppers, onions, black olives and tomatoes.)
- Margherita pizza (Mozzarella, fresh basil and sauce.)  
- Pepperoni and Olive (Good old stand-by! Their pepperoni's rock!)

If you are looking for a lighter side: 
- Garden Salad & Antipasto Salad are my two fav's. 

Must order sides: 
- Garlic Bread with cheese (Sometimes I just get this and a side garden salad, YUM!)

**FYI: There is a 10" Gluten Free option as well which is awesome!**

I have always received great service at this location, the food is always delicious and the prices are very reasonable (with coupons.) I normally go into the store and pick it up myself or eat there, I have yet to order delivery since I live close and like saving the buck to grab it up myself.笑
(Guadalupe & Ellsworth)

I order from them quite often. The pizza is good when it doesn't have 25% of it covered in bubbled up crust. And what's worse is they sent it out for delivery. Their quality control is lacking. And they never seem to ever slice the pizza all the way. I always have to go back and cut it again when I get home. I know it sounds picky but it gets annoying especially when you give them a lot of business.

However what bugs me about this place is they nickel and dime you for every little thing. I understand they are in business to make money but they seem to take it a bit too for with extra little charges.

It is good pizza but you can tell it's run by a high school crowd. Inconsistent with food and service. The dine-in experience seems to yield slightly better results in consistency. However the one at Guadalupe & Ellsworth is a little crowded at times. They also have a small outdoor patio which is nice when it's not 110 degrees outside.笑
Ordered a few things online from grubhub for delivery, it got here pretty fast the deliverer told us the other half of our order got mixed up and he had to go back to the store to get it we werent mad. He gave us our 2 main dishes we ordered the baked ziti and the chicken parm sandwich which was delicious  and told him to take his time coming back because all that was forgotten was a calzone and soda. 2 minutes after he leaves i get a call from the restaurant, im not sure if it was the manager or just an employee but he told me he was sorry a mix up happened and what can he do to make it better, a free dessert.. etc.. I told him don't worry about it mistakes happen you dont need to give us anything free just for a simple mistake. Long story short wow venezias thank you so much for great customer service! Not too often do you get a call at 930 pm on memorial day apologizing for a mistake that was made when it couldve been blown off and not cared about. We are all about kindness and customer service so thank you!笑
Had a miscommunication about what we wanted exactly. They made it right and delivered it to our home. Great pizza and awesome cheese breadsticks and sauce. Their dipping sauce is really good. We will be back, thanks for the great service.笑
The food is great.

However, customer service is -VERY POOR-

On Saturday, Jan 16, 2016, around 6:00 p.m., I called Venezia's, was immediately placed on hold. I understand being placed on hold on a busy Saturday night, not a big deal.

However, when the female employee answered my call, she either was a trainee, or, extremely distracted because I had to repeat my name 3 times, spell it out for her twice, and she asked me for my phone number 3 times, I tried to be patient and understanding. I did not shout or rude to the kid.

The reason I am writing a formal complaint is we were told that we could pick up our order in 30 minutes. My wife went inside, waited for her turn for pick up, around 6:40 p.m. She was told by the cashier that our order was not ready and would be in 10 minutes. So, she waited another 10 minutes.Now, it is about 6:50 p.m. 

She goes back inside, waits her turn for pick up, and was told that only 1 of the 2 pizzas ordered was actually made, somehow there was a 'mistake' and the 2nd pizza was only placed in oven moments ago.

My wife did not make a scene, or get pissy, but, with validation she asked how this many mistakes could be possible considering how many times I repeated the order with the phone rep and when she entered the location, paid, and even tipped.

So, here she is, missing a lot of the Cardinals/Packers playoff game, waiting for our order to be ready, already gave a 15% tip (not earned) and frustrated. She asked for the manager, explained all the details of the evening events and she was offered an $8.00 credit and a few "Free" Ranch dressing cups.

I am only writing this review in hopes that Venezia's will train their phone customer service/order taking representatives BETTER, eliminates employee distraction, and will be more accurate with their timeframe suggestions.

We don't expect 'money', or, 'Free' pizza, or anything at all, really. I simply want to Warn anyone in our area who is wanting a Pizza, that they will be cautious when they order, and know that they may end up having a frustrating, maddening, irritating, night that accompanies their tasty food. The food is Tasty, but, the customer experience Sucked.笑
We have been eating their pizza for years.  We love their pizza and highly recommend them. :)笑
I used to go to this location twice a week or more. I will never come here again and never recommend it again. This place is plagued by bad management and total incompetence. The lead general manager being the worst of the bunch. He is just too much.

My mother ordered her usual, a garden salad. It was very poorly made with barely any vegetables and browning lettuce. When we went to the manager (as regulars who come here 2+ times a week) we told him something wasn't quite right. He told us "People rave about our salads. Its fine. If you really want another one we'll make it for you but it won't be any better." That is not acceptable customer service.

The last 3 times I have come we ordered the most simple thing possible, 6 slices of pizza with one topping on each. Three arrived after 30 minutes, the other three arrived after another 15 minutes. This is not a one time incident. This is the norm at this point.

The pizza quality is down too. It is greasier then ever before, and I like it well done, but two arrived burnt, and one arrived cold after 35 minutes of waiting. Not ok.

Much better options are available in the area where you'll actually get a slice of pizza at a pizza place in under 45 minutes, and the older manager/owner won't treat your family like second class citizens. Imagine that?笑
I've been looking to try this place ever since Ray's pizza closed and another place very close by which has been my substitute was closed. 

First, this is not hand tossed pizza - it is pretty much the same pizza you get at Domino's, Little Caesars and the like. It's pressed dough, not foldable, and just doesn't distinguish itself from any other local pizza place. I was very disappointed as I drove past three other places to try this New York Style pizza. 

Perhaps I'm being overly critical - technically, the store name is New York Style "Pizzeria." So maybe I shouldn't have expected New York style pizza. 

Ironically the other pizza place very close by says nothing about it's pizza being New York style - but it's a lot closer than Venezias, and I highly recommend it.笑
Best pizza that I've had since moving to AZ! The two slice special is legit! Great value, a huge portion, and delicious! Glad I gave it a try, I will definitely be back!笑
The pizza is really good here.  On the down side a hand dryer in the restroom instead of paper towels is not very hygienic. I hope they have paper towels for the guy making my pizza to wash his hands with.笑
Tasty and they have gluten free. Just wish the gluten free pizzas weren't so small and expensive! But still good for GF pizza delivery.笑
After 7 years I have given up on this place. Pizza has gone down hill and prices have soared. Must be I am not alone, They seem to be advertising a lot to bring business back.笑
Just realized I have NEVER Yelped over this place!! We absolutely LOVE EVERYTHING about Venezias! Pizza, wings, speedy service AND friendly service!! We found them almost immediately after moving out this way and have gone no where else for our Pizza and wings!!! If your looking for a great delivery service for pizza; this is the place!! Never have we had an issue and never do we intend to order our lazy day meals from anyone else! Thanks everyone at Venezias!!笑
This pizza joint is great. The price is good too. I would recommend a white pizza slice.笑
This is my favorite place to get pizza from. All the locations do a great job and the food is top notch. Not only is the pizza and bone inwings great but they have a antipasto salad that is truly one of the best salads you will ever try. I'm a meat and potatoes guy but I almost want that salad as much as the dang pizza!笑
Just had this one time and one time only and it gave me food poisoning. Will NEVER EVER EVER EVER eat this again!!笑
The management is very attentive to issues that arise.笑
Has to be one of the better Pizza places around town!

Awesome hot pizza, great wings!!

Wish they had some more tables ; )笑
This has to be our favorite Sunday stop! Only restaurant that my whole family agrees on together!! My picky eating son loves this place and always his suggestion to eat! We live the pizza but you have to try the sandwiches cold or hot! Wow!! And the girls there are always so helpful and sweet as can be!! And if they make any mistakes they go out of their way to make sure your happy!! 
My family will be a forever fan of this restaurant! Thank you for your awesome care and love!! We are huge fans and will continue having Venezias on Sundays!!笑
Love, Love, love Venezia's.   We traditionally get a pizza to share but have definitely taken advantage of the individual combo meals as well.  My kid loves the Golden wing sauce and the hubby rants and raves about the Italian sub with the giardinera peppers they put on it.  I say you cant go wrong with a slice.  Love the flavor of the sauce and whatever special seasonings they bless the pie with!   Plus the staff is always friendly and personable.   Too good not to try!笑
Venezia's is great! I finally got a chance to try them the other day. My husband and I both went for our "date night." We both got one of their combinations, with a slice of pizza, six wings and a drink. Their slices are HUGE! It was a very yummy meal for both of us.

My only comment is that the restaurant is a little dark. I would have liked more lighting. It could have just been the cloud coverage. But I will definitely be back! Good stuff!笑
My favorite pizza place in AZ. Always get a huge slice of cheese, always hot & fresh, great sauce, perfect amount of cheese and some hot wings which are awesome and very hot which is fine by me but if u don't like too spicy I suggest medium,  and a drink for just over $7, can't beat it. Come here at least once a week live closer to McKellips location but always drive to this one. Different owners or management I don't know but you can judge for yourself, it's worth the drive!笑
Wow...best customer service by far!! Placed a pick up order, haven't been placed one in awhile. Place was busy, I could tell everyone busting tale in there. Well I got home and got someone else's wings by mistake. I called to let them know and they drove my order of wings right over....never have I been offered this service!! This just might be my new favorite pizza place...pizza=yumm!! Wings=yumm!!  And they obviously care about their customers!!!笑
Awesome Philly sandwich, I had on Thursday. It was out of this world good. Fresh and tasty.
I would recommend this place to anyone笑
The manager Chad is awesome and always double checks my order to make sure it's right.Good food and friendly staff.笑
The pizza here is really good! There was four of us, so we got the largest pizza they had with pepperoni and sausage! The pizza crust was thin and flimsy- just the way I like it! I was able to eat three slices. When I come back to Mesa, I'll definitely come back here! Once you find a good pizzeria, you stick with it!笑
I like to order from this place when I get pizza to go, I have never used their delivery service so I cannot comment on that.  I usually order their x large peperoni and pick it up.  it is only 12.50 plus tax.  the crust is thin and crisp with some chew, sauce is tasty, the peperoni is what you would expect and they actually put enough cheese on the pizza so you can taste the cheese...  If you like thin crust NY style pizza you can't go wrong here.笑
This is a great place. Food is awesome and the staff is fun.  The dining area is too small but it makes a fun place to eat.笑
I love this place!!! Their pizza never disappoints and I have high pizza standards since I originate from New York! Yum yum!!笑
We went off Yelp reviews. They was rated well so we gave it a try. The price was good and the food was also. We were well attended to. We told them this was our first visit and they treated us well.笑
This has become our new favorite pizza place!  Best pizza around!  We usually take it home but have eaten there several times. They are always busy and the staff is great!! They have a HUGE party pizza which is great for family get togethers!  Their medium pizza is the size of a large!  Their fried zucchini is amazing and so are the salads!  And best of all....they serve PEPSI!! Best combo with pizza!!笑
Great food and great customer service. I wasn't happy with my to-go order portion size once I received it as it was much smaller than what I would receive when dining in. Nate, the manager, called me and addressed my concerns immediately. I am all about customer service and I was very appreciative and impressed.笑
Crust & ranch are the best! Slice specials arn't bad. Good place for lunch. Highly recommend. Only Pizza place in town that's actually worth spending money.笑
My favorite place in the valley for wings. I love that i can get all wings, plain with sauce on the side. So delish i eat here at least once a week!!笑
Really yummy pizza. The flavors were splendid. True New York style and perfectly cooked. The thickness of the crust was great and it was so good I ate every last bite instead of leaving the end. Bookmarked and definitely will return!笑
Omg. Love Venezias. I often dream of swimming in their cheese pizza. Hot and bubbly. The best pizza you can get delivered in the east valley by far. We've ordered once every couple of weeks for a long time and the quality is always there. This pizza is too good to top, but if you want toppings they will not disappoint.笑
Definitely, good quick pizza. Inexpensive and filling!! Much different than the thin crust I'm used to but I still feel there are plenty of other pizza places to enjoy!
I'm from Chicago, so I understand that everyone needs a different kind of pizza to keep them happy!笑
First time ordering from them tonight. Awesome customer service and delivery driver! Their pizza is so good! And I'm normally a Chicago style pizza girl but I will most definitely be ordering from here again when I need to order for delivery. Oh and very good prices!笑
Good thing is pizzas are huge, but to us no flavor. We have been here before but today it was so hot in the building (which they said was as low as ac could go), everyone sitting in dining was commenting and complaining. I thought i started menopause, the heat in the building was miserable we ended up asking for boxes to go and ate at home.  :( don't think our family will be back.笑
Seriously love this pizza. I can't recommend this place enough!  Food is outstanding and yes it's pricey but it's that old saying you get what you pay for. Good job Venezia s keep it update笑
This place sux, I ordered 3 orders of sweet chilli boneless wings, and when I opened the box when I got home the wings were bone dry.笑
Venezias makes delicious food - that's why I keep going back, and if that was the subject of this review, they would get at least a 4.  Unfortunately, this review is the result of the past three to go orders this year being fulfilled incorrectly.

I'm not sure if their employees don't care or maybe some are a part of an illiteracy hiring program, but it's getting to be ridiculous (if it will allow me to attach a picture, I will).

My most recent order was for a turkey sub on whole wheat, no onions and with a side of italian dressing.  When my husband went to pick it up, I asked him to double check that they included the dressing because the last two times they forgot.  I'm glad that I did, because it wasn't included (again).

Then, when he got home we discovered that they gave him a turkey on white, with onions and taped to it was a receipt in large print: Italian [dressing], wheat [bread], no onions.

First world problems, I know.  "My delicious food isn't what I ordered."

I may still order from them, but I do hope in the future they give READING THE ORDER the old college try.笑
Best NY style pizza in the Valley! I lived around the corner from the Chandler location for a few years and went all the time (delivery was always on time and arrived hot too). I still go out of my way to get pizza there.笑
Some of the best NY style pizza I've had!  I was in town on business and wound up coming here both days for lunch.  Plenty of cheese on the slices that I had, the pizza sauce is really good and the crust was cooked just right.  They have Pepsi - big plus for me because I despise Coke, yet it seems to be in every restaurant these days :-)  I gave the chocolate cake a try the second day and it was really good too!  They have a really nice seating area with plenty of televisions, and the staff were cheery and wonderful.笑
So me and my husband went here for lunch the other day. First my salad came out and it was gross thought it couldn't get worse then my wings were under cooked when I asked for them to be cooked extra crispy. Then my pizza was cold and my husbands food was still doughy. We will never go back but I gave them do stars because I was clean.笑
Wow!  Wrote this review not expecting it to be heard but low and behold got a note from the owner who wanted to make it right. He listened to me and took my review seriously. I gave him my number and he called me to say he takes my review seriously and will do what it takes to rectify the situation. He explained the new kids on the block and turn over in the business.  When the business first opened here it was great BC the staff stayed the same for a long time. But ppl move on... transient Arizona! So 5 stars for righting a wrong and making a lifelong customer out of me!笑
Their pizza is pricey though it tastes good.   Never had an issue before but what upset me is....calling at 10:50 and being told one hour for delivery.  That's fine but when noon hits still no food.  At 12:10 I call and was placed on hold twice and was just told he is on his way.   It finally came at 12:25.  35 minutes late with no apology.  By then (I'm a teacher) my lunch hour was over and I can't eat when I'm teaching.  Next time I will avoid delivery or order from Bella's Pizza across the street.笑
When a business asks for another chance you should always accommodate when possible. We are all human. I went in today and their quoted time was spot on as well as the food was fresh and very tasty. I'm glad I got this other side of your business as I will definitely be back for future pizza and wing orders. Staff was very helpful and pleasant. Just work on those crazy event nights and weekends so others don't take away my initial thoughts as you have proven you are much better than that. Thanks Venezias!笑
Started out with the best pizza I'd ever eaten. Crispy crust with great sauce & fantastic flavors. The margarita pizza was beyond compare. 
They have lost their way. After the first year the crust got soggy. You pick a piece up and it is so soggy and sloppy there is no way to pick it up without the toppings all sliding off. Even if you ask them to cook it completely to crispy they don't. It is yuck now.笑
I have had their pizza and wings many times and always loved . This is the first time I got a large "margarita pizza " but we were left desiring a little more than a pie with sauce ..a couple spots of cheese..6 pieces of basil and a few small slices of tomato's I paid extra for. This pizza reminded me of someone who only that a few ingredients left in the fridge and decided to use them before they opened more. 
I know they employee younger people so maybe the person who made the pizza had a teenager moment but not worth $15.笑
Love the pizza bowls. Finally a low carb friendly pizza delivery spot that is awesome. Gotta try it!笑
Yummy pizza's by the slice or by the pie! Pretty spacious for a pizza place, friendly staff and an awesome selection of different kinds of pizza's. You can order by the slice and try something different or customize a pizza for yourself. I really enjoyed the chicken pesto, buffalo chicken and of course sausage and pepperoni. If you are in the area, skip the other places and stop by Venezias!笑
I love this place, I forgot how I found it. Maybe by accident. This place is great. Pizza is awesome, Calzone's are out of this world. They have daily specials we have taken advantage of and I still want to try their LARGE PIZZA, the biggest one I have seen. Very relaxing atmosphere and have always had a great experience.笑
Great food first time I ordered I wasn't too certain but after giving them a second chance I've been a regular. Everytime Ive ordered since the food has been great and the service as well. The pizza has always been cooked perfect with a generous amount of cheese. The wings are always crispy and they also have delicious cheesecake. Definitely worth it!! Thumbs up! I'm glad to have them in the neighborhood!笑
This is hard to rate how many stars because service sucks but pizza and wings were decent. 
My husband and I went here for the first time and was trying to read the menu and figure out all the specials because they were signs all over the place. We couldn't figure out if it was an order at the counter then they bring you the food or you sit and order. 
Then the girl at the register just kept pushing us to order Rather than say oh, it's your first time? Let me explain what we have. There wasn't anyone else in line to order so she could have taken the minute to explain. So I felt rushed and didn't have time  to read and process the large menu. I finally just pulled the menu up online to read it. 
Once we paid she gave us the drink cups. Didn't specify where the drinks were. So we went to the right and found out they were on the left. Again. She didn't say anything.
Once our food came out. The pizza was good and hot but the wings were cold. So my guess is they just make a batch and have them to the side until people order them? 
Not sure if I want to go back. Maybe just order a pizza to go since the slices are huge and would be good for a big group. But that's about it.笑
3rd of 3 Venezia's locations I frequent. BBQ+hot wings are superb as always, pizza slices are generous and delicioso, and service always fast & friendly. Their lunch specials are all screaming deals. One of my main go-to spots for lunch, whichever one I may be closest to.笑
Absolutely delicious as usual! Still waiting for that far west valley location, Avondale/Goodyear area!! ;)笑
Venzezia's, Venezia's. My boyfriend and I eat here at LEAST once a week. AMAZING food. We love it. The pizza slices are large and very filling, the salads are just delicious, and the sandwiches and calzones are some of the best ever. 

I would def recommend coming here for the pizza though. In my opinion, the best slices are the chicken pesto, BBQ chicken pizza, and the Italian Stallion. Add 6 medium wings and a drink and you cannot go wrong. I must warn you though, the wing sauce is a little bit on the HOT side so if you like things more tame, I would go with the mild sauce. The only place that has better wings is Zipp's (and that's a yelp review for another day). 

One drawback, any extra dressing is 35 cents. But let me tell you, the ranch is so worth it. YUM!笑
People line up at this place like they never had Good Italian.........over rated IMAO!

Keep in mind that good food means little if the service is slow or the order is always wrong. Venizia's does have some tasty food no doubt but the wait time and goofed up orders are unacceptable. 
I was blessed to grow up in a little town off the Pacific coast that had a large Italian community and a Ristorante was never far away, not pasta mills but food that was more like you would get on Sunday at "Nonna's" house.笑
Yum. Have been coming here for years. Staff is always great and food yummy!!!  My 5yo likes the green (pesto) pizza. Haha笑
We ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and Italian sandwiches. They were both delicious! Delivery was less time than posted. We have ordered from them several times and everything is always awesome.笑
Definitely not a NY style pizza. Not even close. Try Buonos much better. Have eaten here a few times with co-workers and all items are pretty crappy. Today I had the baked Ziti and the bread looked as if it was scorched by a flame thrower. Black and hard - GROSS. I will not be ordering again.笑
Excellent pizza, and even better service!!  Having a party or have a family to feed?  The Party pizza is unbelievably huge and delish!  We just had three of them for a party with 20 adults and 14 kids and we have about 1/4 of one pizza left over.  Staff was super friendly and accommodating. Love this place...笑
Good quality New York style pizza, which is hard to find in this state.

They have a huge party size pizza that is great for a lot of people.笑
This is the best pizza I've ever had.  Mind you, I've never been to Italy, New York, or Chicago.... But we do love pizza in our family and we usually try to order from less commercialized pizza joints.... And we've had some amazing pizza from other parts of the country.... But this is our favorite!   Hands down.  I've never ordered their pastas.   Wings are ok.  Pizza is the bomb!笑
Wow being that I came from New York..this pizza is excellent! Just ordered large cheese pie to see how it was..i read some reviews first online to see what reviews were best!  You people got it right on the nose...they said 45 min. And it was 44..lol..excellent pie and Hot still
.love it..will be a returning customer for sure!!!笑
Delicious! We ordered a slice of the pesto chicken and a buffalo chicken sub. We loved them both. We will be back soon! Great specials also!笑
I've been a fan of Venezias since moving to east Mesa several years ago.  However, I have experienced a slow decrease in quality over the past year.   Most recently, I ordered a small greek salad with no onions and one order of honey BBQ wings for pick-up.  What I picked up was a greek salad loaded with onions and mediocre wings that had been cooked long before my order.  I've had better frozen wings from my freezer and I could have made a salad myself in less time than it took to pick the onions out of my ordered salad.  My recommendation is to stick to the pizza here.  Oh and if you want a cup of ice or water, expect to pay fountain drink prices.笑
My problem with Venezias is they're so unpredictable! About once every 3 times ordering their food is great, which is why we've continued to order. However, the other 66% of the time the food is either cold, tastes like it's been sitting for hours, or my favorite and most common mistake - food is missing! Almost every time I order a chicken ceaser salad they charge for the chicken but forget to include it. They will credit my $3 but that doesn't do me any good...  the chicken is really the only reason I agree to let my husband get pizza from there when we want delivery!  So, we probably won't be taking the chance on them anymore... too bad they can't get their management team to crack down and make sure production isn't lacking.笑
Venezia's is almost a weekly thing for our family!  Great pizza and pretty reasonably priced. I love their specials. Most places only have lunch specials and only on weekdays. Venezia's specials are always available and always a good choice!笑
I was impressed from the beginning.  The ordering process was easy.  The lady who delivered was very sweet even offering to help me open the door with my hands full.  I have had many different wing sauces in my time, but theirs was by far the best Honey BBQ I have had. Will be ordering from there again!!笑
My wife and I come here all the time for the slice of pizza and wings combo they do really good job with wings and all the different kinds of pieces I really like笑
I've been to this location as well as the Tempe location. Great spot for lunch during the work week or just a quick bite. Being fairly new to AZ, this place was recommended to me by a few people at work. I'm glad that I listened. Quick service and great pizza. The slice of pizza & salad special is definitely enough to fill you up.笑
Very good! The party pizza is amazing very great jalapeños . Their ranch is some of the best ever but i was disappointed because it has msg :( hopefully they can get a healthier selection in some parts. I love their spinach salad with roasted red peppers, candied walnuts,  really great!. We Love getting delivery from them . Always prompt , huge pizzas and great consistency.笑
Well what a quick way to lose a new customer. I called in before hand to order a pizza and once I got there they told me "I never called in" "Are you sure you called the right store" so I just walked out. I was a brand new customer who has never tried this place ever and the one time I wanted to get some my order just disappears. gg Venezias.笑
Excellent NY-style pizza and our best meal in Phoenix so far. We ordered cheese and margarita slices. The crust is really good and the cheese and sauce are perfect. It reminds me of the better slices back home in Jersey. It has a nice family pizzeria ambiance inside (pleasantly dark) and a large string of lights outside.笑
Management at Venezia's urged me to give their business another shot. That was 8 months ago. I finally had the opportunity to give it another go.

The online ordering system was better than in the past. You can now pay online OR in store.  The staff was again phenomenal.  Nat (or Nate?) was friendly, accommodating and charismatic.  A great face for your front counter.

This time around, I ordered the fried zucchini and a thin-crust pepperoni, mushroom and black olive pizza with added fresh mozzarella and light sauce.  The crust was not as thin as expected...I felt it was a regular crust style. I will say, however, that the crust was chewy and flavorful, crisp in all the right places. The toppings were plentiful, and the light sauce just enough.  The cannoli was filled freshly on the spot. The shells were crispy and sweet, and the contents the perfect sweetness.

I really enjoyed this time around,  and I'm really glad that I gave Venezia's another chance. Thanks to Dominick and the other staff for convincing me to try other items for an updated review/assessment of their place. I'll be back!笑
Nice lunch quick fresh by the slice orders with specials everyday.  Def a return to location.笑
Love this place. It has turned into our go-to pizza delivery in the last few months. It's not always the fasted for pickup or delivery, but we think it's worth the wait. 

We've only tried their pizza and salads. Love the pizza and we have tried a few different kinds. The salad is just ok in my opinion. The last time my husband went in for pickup he said the wings looked really good, but we haven't tried them yet. They also have amazing ranch. We will definitely keep ordering from here.笑
Got calzones tonight and was supremely disappointed. More bread than anything else and not the right kind of bread for a calzone. Barely any Italian sausage inside. Definitely not worth the money or time. Won't be back.笑
Hi. My name is Omar and I am an addict. I'm addicted to Venenzia's Pizza. No, I don't want help to fix my problem. I just can't get enough of this pizza!!!
I've ordered large lunches here twice. My team and I love 
the ITALIAN STALLION, BBQ CHICKEN, MEAT LOVER, SPICY HAWAIIAN PIZZA, MARGHERITA, SUPREME and my fav:  THE PARK AVENUE. It has artichoke hearts, spinach, garlic, tomato and grilled chicken.  
OMG! Freakin Awesome.  Disclaimer: It's a little wet so expect some funky sounds eating it. 
You can't eat one slice.  Really.  You can't. 
I am never disappointed.  My doctor is though...at my lack of self control...then i remind him I'm addicted...it's all good.笑
If you like cheese ..and cheese..and cheese and more cheese but very little sauce with calzones and pizza, this is your place! 
Couple that with a rude delivery driver and you're winning! 
Antipasto was incredible though .笑
My favorite pizzaria - hands down! I have visited the Ellsworth and Tempe locations. Consistently delicious big slice pizzas and fresh crunchy salads, great for lunch or dinner, any time.  I purchased the huge party pizza for a special occasion and it was a huge hit-very well priced. Our family remains as regular customers and I will definitely buy the party pizza again.笑
I just moved to the neighborhood and we wanted to try a pizza place nearby. We thoroughly enjoyed the pizza. I loved the crust and the meats and veggies tasted fresh. I will definitely be back. I love that they have cannoli too!! My only issue with this place was the bathroom. It was disgusting and based on the cleaning chart, hadn't been addressed all day.笑
One of my favorite pizza spots. Their fried zucchini with ranch dressing is so yummy, I crave it all the time. My favorite pizza is the pesto with chicken, but I've tried a bunch of their toppings and they are all great. Ask for your pizza well done if you like crispy crispy crust.  Their antipasto salad is great, too!笑
Awesome pizzas and salads.  Also I love that I can order a whole pizza or just come in for a slice.笑
Love the pizza here. It's my go-to place for NY style pizza in the SE Valley. I used to be a Casanova Bros loyalist, but after a couple of not so good experiences there, I flipped to Venezia's and haven't looked back. 

Unlike some previous posters, I've never had an issue with the service and have always found it efficient and friendly. Also, I've never had anything here but the pizza, so I can't comment on any of the other menu items. 

For first timers, you can dine-in and buy slice combos so you don't have to commit to anything large right away. Once you're ready for a full pie, you'll be glad to know that they run daily specials which you can find on their website and they're always issuing coupons in those junk mailings you get. You'll find them once you get through all of the blinds and garage door service flyers.

If you've seen Breaking Bad, you'll know that it's had some sad moments. Like when Jesse's girlfriend OD'd or when the young boy gets shot. For me, one of the saddest episodes was when Walter got mad and tossed that delicious Venezia's pizza on to the roof of his house and it went to waste. I wish I could've been there to intercept it.笑
Darn, what happened to this place? This used to be our go-to place as its right down the street. The pizza was top notch, full of toppings with stellar crust. We haven't ordered pizza in ages so we were looking forward to this. The pizza was pretty flat (can't think of a better word)--crust was limp, cheese seemed cheap, and the toppings were so scarce I forgot we ordered onions! And cmon, a few shavings of meatballs do not equate a meatball pizza. The sauce was still nice and tangy, but the rest was pretty meh. Wings were pale and soggy but at least they were big. The Mac and cheese bites saved the whole order--little nuggets of joy. Please don't change those. I felt the price of the meal was insulting for what we got. Their pizza is quite expensive, but used to be worth it. Quit skimping on the toppings and quality and maybe we will order again. What a shame!笑
Papa WHO??? Venezia's has the best pizza in town, and I would know cuz I travel through 2 of them to eat here. This is THE PLACE to go if you are a pizza connoisseur. The crust is thin and crispy, and the sauce obviously fresh and homemade... The lil girl who busts her butt out front bussing tables, KAITLYN, is super friendly and can ALWAYS put a smile on anyone's face!笑
Good pizza.  You're in Arizona.  You should know how rare that is.  I've been multiple times and they haven't done anything wrong.

If the ovens were hotter, you'd make better pizza.  But this ain't New Haven, so what do you expect?笑
Good pizza. the crust in on the deeper side, i like paper thin pizza. i have had pizza, sandwiches, and the wings. all are very good, and worth the price. good place for a Friday night pizza party...笑
Being a NY'er it probably isnt fair for me to write a review but they call themselves New York pizza. They are not. Very skimpy on the toppings. The crust is nothing like a ny pizza. The best thing about the place was the service which is why I gave it 3 instead of 2 stars. NY'ers skip this place笑
Best food ever!! We have been going to this Pizza place for about 5 years now and still love it just as much as the first day we stumbled across this place. We highly recommend them to anyone and the location on ellsworth and Guadalupe has the most friendliest staff you could ever find. They know us well and make every experience better then the last. You guys are amazing!笑
Pizza by the slice old and dry. Good sauce:pizza ratio. Prices too high for old crusty pizza re-heated. Really good fresh though.笑
Ask for carter to deliver your pizza! Super nice delivery guy and get the pesto pizza!笑
Didn't feel like pizza, but a co-worker talked me into coming here. Made it here around lunch time, and it seemed super busy so I assumed it must be good and  worth the trip. The Venezia's Supreme and 6 spicy wings (that made me tear like a little girl) w/drink combo is a very good deal for around $6.. very authentic NY style pizza. Good dough and ingredients. Thank you for the big slices of pizza, I'm tired of going to places and over-paying for dinkey little slices.

Thumbs up!!笑
Pizza, decent. Wings, okay.  Paying a little extra for gluten free pizza crust, to be expected.  Having that gluten free pizza come out with blackened edges, not cool.  There are plenty of pizza joints around here that care to have my business.  I guess Venezia's isn't among them.笑
Walked in and asked for a table for 7. Was told to check the back room for table myself as she didn't know if there was one available. Then she just kept asking my father what he wanted to order while i checked for a table. Also she acted as if we were inconveniencing her by being there.笑
Great staff, great food!  Glad we are in the neighborhood!  We just moved here and are so blessed to have found this place!笑
I remember back about a year ago this place was good. We used to order delivery all the time. Matter of fact, every party we had...we ordered a huge party pizza and it was so great and tatsy. Last 3 times we went in to the restraunt we got soggy pizza and greasy Italian fries.3rd times a charm. We won't be back笑
I stop here on my way home from work all because I wanted to try a new salad. I've heard a lot about this place. So far I like it.  It smells awesome inside. I had a antipasto salad. It is the best.  Ill be back for more. I had chicken added it really didn't need it.  The large is for 4 people. But very good. This is all i had so how much more can i say. It was very fresh. Dressing was very good. The staff were very friendly. Dont forget to tip. I look forward to having my friday lunch here.  Lots of food for the money.笑
Great pizza, good prices, nice atmosphere, but I took 1 star because the salad looks like it was chopped by a blind person, and it's also lame. But great place though!笑
Use to be great now is just overpriced average Arizona pizza and wings. The wings are now "market price" I thought that only existed in steakhouses and seafood restaurants. Just ordered from them on 10/12/14 and the order of wings was 9 total. I had to call and find out what the heck happened. Glad that Bella Pizza opened across the street better prices and no where near as long of a wait for an order.笑
This is the best pizza hands down. I've traveled all across this globe and have found that Venezia's is the best. Even beats all pizza I've ever eaten in my 10+ trips to Italy. I recommend it all day long!笑
I give 2 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. The new addition is nice. Due to my diet I can only eat one overindulgent meal a week. Out of all the pizza restaurants in my area this place rivals is one of the best. Tonight's experience was way under expectation from past visits. The service was lacking in courtesy as well as other nonverbal communication actions came off as rude. Such as not a smile the entire time we were there to ripping the credit card out of my hand during payment. Two different slices of pizza were served on one tray and toppings from one carried over to the other. I ordered a slice of pepperoni and green chili but didn't get the the pepperoni. The bottom. outside of the crust was overcooked and almost burnt. I also ordered a half order of medium chicken wings and they were somehow overcooked and tough but only slightly warm. I'm extremely disappointed in my experience tonight. Even the other pizzerias do not have green chili my next overindulgent meal may not be with this restaurant笑
After my last review, the manager contacted us right away, by phone which was cool. They gave us our money back in credit to give them another chance, we did. It's nice to see that they care about their customers, but I just think the kitchen needs better training. We ordered pizza, wings, and a calzone. Once again half of our order was wrong [ on two separate occasions] and our calzone was extremely soggy, it wasn't from sauce, it just kind of melted off our fork while eating it, it was pretty gross. But for some reason we still on occasion order from here, so my two star went up to a 3.笑
I'd give them 5 stars, buuuut... if you don't specifically ask for crispy pizza crust, then it comes out pretty soggy. It turned me off the 1st time. Decided to give them 2nd chance (asked to bake it a smidge longer for crispy crust) and it turned out fabulously!笑
Best pizza ever!! Our family has been coming here since they opened.  Love it.. staff is fun,  food is good..笑
Love Venezias! With multiple locations valley wide it makes it super easy to get my pizza fix! I highly recommend the pizza and the low carb bowls are good if you want a pizza alternative.笑
What a great local spot in Mesa. I didn't even know this place existed until I yelped on the way home from the parents. It lives up to its rating for sure. The slices are ready quick, salads plentiful and really does take you away from the Mesa suburbs for a quick moment. Great interior design that gives you that New York feel. Tables and decor are clean, and the food is great.笑
This is my go to for pizza. If I'm craving pizza this is the place I call hands down no question. Everything is alway perfect. Pepperoni onions and garlic.笑
Great pizza and wings!!! We just moved to the area and thought we would  tried this place out. Turns out it was a great idea! Not much of a "eat in"type place, but cozy is good sometimes. Staff was very helpful over the phone and when I picked pizza up they were great! I will be back!!笑
Have only had delivery, but the food has always been on point. Salads, boneless wings & cheese bread w/ marinara are all good. Haven't had the pizza.笑
Just ordered a large pepperoni & large supreme & hot wings. Wings had great flavor and were okay, however a couple were not cooked all the way. The pizza was absolutely disgusting!!! I mean bad. First the pep lacked all flavor and can be compared to eating a thin limp piece of cardboard, to make things better the supreme was completely soggy, the dough was undercooked, and to try and cover it, they slapped another piece of cooked and sauced dough under it! I mean yuck!!! That was my first and last experience with this place. I can get better quality from a hot n ready for $5 bucks than I can here. Nuff said!!笑
I'm from out of town and the first time I've eaten here.  I ordered thru grub hub the ordering and delivery where decent.  

Both my daughter and I ordered the meat lasagna and each had a salad.  

We both thought there was way too much cheese we both ended up getting sick.  We got really bad stomach issues and vomit sensations.  Never going thru them again笑
Favorite casual pizza place! I always get the pesto chicken slice and a Greek salad. The pizza is great if you like the New York style where it's thin but not so crispy that it doesn't flop down. Salads are fresh, I've had the wings as well and they're okay but you definitely come here for the pizza. Never had a bad experience at Venezia's and I've been to the Chandler and Tempe locations as well.笑
Had the boneless wings this time around. Mild and honey BBQ split (amzing) - truly tasty. Loved it and of course still the best NYC style pizza in the valley.  Fold over gewey-cheezy, greasy goodness.  Do not go here if you are looking for something healthy ... go here to get full on bad for you food!笑
This place get's 5 stars not just because you can get Pizza by the slice ANYTIME.. but it's the best Pizza I've had in the Valley! I had a slice of the Chicken Pesto & the BBQ Chicken. It's just perfect pizza and huge slices! Plus the combos are great & cheap.笑
awesome service!!  got the wrong pizza via delivery and when we called they fixed it and sent the right one....thanks guys!!笑
I like the PIZZA!!!  I also really dig their house dressing and the tiramisu is to die for!!!! Well almost, it's really pretty good. Wings for me are disappointing. I'd like to find a consistently good wing place, haven't so far. Being from Buffalo I do have some high expectations. I've never done their delivery so no idea there.  Staff sometimes is a bit curt but hey their a busy pizza joint, no big deal....笑
This place is ridiculous! One hour an thirty minute to get a pizza,sandwich and fried zucchini, On a Wednesday night.... The food was cold.. And they put onion on my sandwich I order specify without,do to allergies in my family..have order many times before. Even though the manager compete dinner,after I complained. We won't be back! Very disappointed!!笑
Good food. Order delivery from here once a week. $30 for large pizza, wings and delivery fee/tip. Online ordering is kind of a pain in the ass but whatever. Usually they arrive quicker than the eta笑
I've eaten here probably 20+ times. It's honestly the only place that hasn't went out of business in the area, but for good reason. Real nice food, pizza by the slice, and good prices. They make the LARGEST pizza ever. Check it out. The only knock on the place, for me, is all the times I've been there, I ALWAYS get a wierd vibe from the staff. They don't seem very friendly. It's not that they are mean, they're just not nice. Does that make sense? I guess I just always feel like they don't like their jobs, and it shows. 
The food I can definately recommend. You should check it out for the pizza for sure.笑
My boyfriend and I are new to Mesa, and just randomly found this place. It's awesome! The pizza came with tons of toppings on it, the caprese salad was delicious and they delivered it all in under 45 minutes.笑
I ordered pizza and took 1 hour and 30 min for my food to arrive. The driver was rude when he brought the order to the door. The pizza was cold.  I will never order pizza here again this was a horrible experience.笑
Used to really like this place, but it definately seems to have gone way downhill. I went over to the slices picked the exact ones I wanted. Because i was on a time crunch. Sat there for 5 min waiting for them to get heated up. Only to have them tell me they sold the last piece of chicken..... it would be 7 min. It has been 20 min and still waiting.  For a small app and 4 slices was 20 bucks. I would have just got the 9.99xl cheese if I wanted to wait there for 30 min. But hey their offer for a free soda was a real attempt at keeping my service.....and I'm sure they could see I was upset that I had to wait for a whole new pizza to get made for 1 slice. I'll update on quality of food after I eat. I was told sorry for the wait, well I'm sorry for not returning.笑
I wanted to review this while it was still fresh in my mind. Before I just recently went vegan, I ate here and the service was great. Place is clean, busy, and always bustling. It's better to go in and get it for takeout or sit down than to get it delivered, because their delivery can take a while. 

The pizza... was okay. I'm a bit of a NY pizza snob, so it wasn't BAD, but just wasn't the best I have had. It is, however, the closest thing to NY pizza in Mesa. There's quite a bit of cheese on the pizza, and it folds -- which is essential if you're a NY pizza person like me. 

The sauce was pretty sweet, and kind of tasteless, which is why this is a three-star review. Most of the flavor came from the cheese, not the sauce -- which isn't how pizza should be. Crust was good, thin, but not mind-blowing. Usually for amazing Napoletana pizza, I go to Pomo in Gilbert.笑
This is the best pizza in Mesa (Maybe this side of NY, but definitly AZ)! Friendly staff, big slices, Awesome pizza, great salads, yummy wings! (The only thing they have missed are fried mushrooms. I will keep asking too, cause I know they would make those amazing as well) I HIGHLY reccomend the Lunch specials. I think I visit this place about once a week! I try to hit it on Tuesdays when the Bianco pizza is on special; it is my ALL time favorite! One slice of that and a Greek salad and I am in HEAVEN!!!  I do have to say that I liked the greek dressing better before they bottled it, but this stuff is still the best going! 

The New York style crust is amazing! crisp on the bottom with a good amount of chew. The sauce is tangy and has the right amount of spice. The Sweet Chili Wings are my faxorite (though not spicy at all. My 7 year old LOVES them, too). The sandwiches are also amazing! HUGE!! The Meatball is my 10 yr. olds favorite, but I prefer a more authentic cold Italian or even the Chicage Beef is an excellent choice. Ok, so I guess my summary so far is that no matter what you pick, you can't really go wrong! It is all amazing! And if you have a group the 24" Party pizza is the way to go!! Just be sure it will fit in the car!笑
Known about Venezia's ever since I was in high school. Would goto the one on pecks and McQueen that recently moved to Cooper and ray I think.  I was excited to find one near my work on the was side.  Been here many many times and have never been disappointed.  My favorite and beat pizza in Az.  I compare all other pizza restaurants ( I could live off pizza) and none have surpasses venezias!笑
We have a location on Ellsworth right down the road from our house and decided to try it out. I ordered online and it was done in a timely manner. When we got home we opened up the boxes and our Margherita pizza was absolutely disgusting looking. 

It was straight pizza sauce, lots and lots of pizza sauce, clumps of mozzarella, and some basil leaves. No tomatoes whatsoever. 

We also got a veggie, which was actually good, but I was looking forward to a great Margherita pizza. Probably won't order from them again!

I added a picture.笑
Always great pizza and wings.  Best green olive pizza around.  Wings are good and my wife loves the greek salad.笑
Best Pizza in AZ! have been a faithful customer for almost 10 years. Close, convenient and as I am from the East Coast I can vouch for the taste and quality of their pies. Love the slices too!笑
In my earlier review I said the sauce and cheese stopped far short of the edge of the pizza so that a 16 inch pie was effectively much smaller. But I also said the pizza itself was quite good and that I'd go back again.  Domenick, the owner, said my description was not the way their pizza should be made and that he would speak to his chefs to make sure it didn't happen. Both he and Chad, a manager, invited me to return and give them another try.  
       Well, tonite my wife and I returned to this restaurant and ordered another extra large pizza, this time with crumbled sausage.What a delightful meal. The sauce and cheese were spread generously over the dough, reaching near to the edge. The crumbled sausage was, likewise generously applied over the entire pie. And, just as I said on my earlier review, the pizza was quite good. In fact, it was excellent. Now remember, this is New York style pizza. What you don't know is I'm a New York boy, born and raised in Brooklyn.  Fuggedaboudit!!  I know good pizza, and this is very, very good pizza. Five stars! Try it, you won't be disappointed.笑
Was not impressed with this place at all. First of all, when you order a pizza you expect them to deliver it to your door. The fact that I had to leave my room to go into the lobby which was a good walk from where I was and than the kid who did the delivery didn't even have any plates or silverware with him. I didn't get my full order when I told the delivery driver he said he would be back with it and didn't see him again. By the time I got the pizza it just was not very good笑
The best pizza in Phoenix.  They make their pizza with fresh ingredients and even have home made sauce and ranch dressing.  Their ranch is so good we buy it by the bottle to keep here at home.  Venezia's is a little more expensive than the average pizza place but well worth it.  They have daily specials and have a lot of coupons that usually get mailed along with the grocery store ads.  I also really like their salads.笑
Love the pizza here! :D One of my favorite places to eat. The pizza slices are pretty big. Two slices fills me up easily.笑
Good, not great, and that's being nice. The last few times we have been there were much better. Tonight, the restaurant smelled funny. Should have known by that, that the experience would be about the same. Ordered 3 pizzas (yes 3) The kids only eat cheese, hubs wanted something spicy and I was going VEG.  With a salad and $68 later, we were less than impressed. Undercooked dough!!!!  This is thin "NYC" style pizza I thought. How is it under cooked and super doughy??? Salad was not as good as I remembered ( anti-pasta). All around disappointment. We could have went to many other places for that $68. May try again, most likely not. :( You use to be SO GOOD!!!笑
First time ordering.  We had a XT large Supreme, (the works).  Definitely a great pizza.  Delivery was within time given.  Friendly service on phone and from delivery man.  Will gladly order again.笑
One of the best pizza places in the valley. Great service and tastes soooo good! Can't get enough of this pizza! AWESOME!!笑
We've only tried the Pizza Bianco, regular pepperoni pizza and wings, but so far... they are really good. We ordered from them several times. Wings could be cooked a little longer as I like my wings just a little more crispy and NOT having all that chicken fat slim. We tried the XXL pizza for a party and well that was just doughy... I like that I can order all drum sticks for the wings and love the bbq/spicy mix. Try them, I think you'll be a fan too.笑
I have only ordered food for delivery and it was delicious! The party pizza is huge and the prices are great. We had pizza, anitpasto salad, and the wings (bone in and boneless). Everyone loved it and will definitely eat there again.笑
I usually only write a review if I have something positive to say but tonight I had a really bad experience with Venezia's Pizza on Ellsworth. I ordered an Italian Hero which was listed under their COLD SANDWICHES. It came toasted and with the cheese melted. It was supposed to have Italian dressing on it, it came dry. I also ordered a side salad and they didn't send the dressing for the salad. So I called the restaurant to let them know about what was wrong with my order and my hope was that they would make it right and send it back out. Well instead of an I,m sorry for the mistake the kid on the phone began arguing with me telling me that it was made properly. He said that even the COLD sandwiches are toasted. I told him that it doesn't say that anywhere on the menu and that I wouldn't have ordered it if I had known that. He just kept telling me I was wrong. Never once did he apologize or offer to make it right. So finally I mentioned the dressing not being on the sandwich and he said it should have come on the side. I told him it didn't and he just continued to argue with me and tell me how they were right. He actually was arguing so much I couldn't get a word in and had to hang up just to get him to stop arguing with me. I know I should've called back and asked for a manager but I was so taken aback by him arguing with me like that that I just gave up. I paid $30 for food I didn't eat and wound up having a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I will never order from them again. They have seriously poor customer service. I'm a server and know mistakes are made all the time and also agree that the customer is NOT always right but this kid was way off arguing with me like that. I do not recommend ordering a sandwich from this place. I gave it 2 stars because my son was happy with his pizza. But I will go back to ordering my sandwiches from Bella's Pizza and Pasta right across the street from this place.笑
Was there 2 days ago and I love pulling into AZ  & grabbing a slice of pizza.  OMGOSH check out their salads!!笑
Yum! Love this place! We recently moved super close to a location so it's our new go to. We enjoy the pizza combos, wings, Mac n cheese bites, and desserts. Staff is helpful but not always the most chipper笑
Best Greek salad ever! The large can easily be split between two. Their house dressing is what makes it :)笑
This review is for my fellow Gluten free community.  I've had domino's, genos, and now Venezia gluten free pizzas...ya know the local options and I have to say that I still like Domino's and Genos better.  Domino's is also at the $15 mark but it's "bread"ier and then there's genos at $10 and it's twice the size of venezias.  But honestly the taste is comparable.  So needless to say...sorry GF's...they have not invented a good gf pizza yet so don't bother with Venezia. Save yr gas save your $ and your taste buds lol.笑
Some of the best pizza in the valley, the wings are fantastic!  Love their food, they do really good with delivery.  Of late it is never more that 45 min, which is great I think.  They have decent coupons online as well.  My daughter loves their fried Zucchinni.笑
Most of the time we get good pizza from this restaurant. However, the last three times we ordered chicken wings they were dry and almost inedible! I don't know what's gong on with this location lately, but these chicken wings AREN'T CHEAP, so if I'm going to pay top dollar for a dozen I should at least be able to bite into them. So my advice is order the pizza, it's pretty good, but the chicken wings HORRIBLE!!!!笑
Our family decided to give them a try after a long day and not wanting to cook.

Unfortunately for them and us it wasn't meant to be. We waited almost 2 hours (yeah you read that right) for a single pizza to be delivered. We placed multiple calls during that time and each time we were told this is normal and the delivery guy was almost there. 

Even worse we weren't met with apologies or offers to remedy the situation so we cancelled. That is our first and last experience with Venezias. 

Since I can't review the pizza if you're looking for a good NY slice try NYPD Pizza or Grimaldi's笑
Venizias!  Absolutely amazing pizza and wings.  I would highly recommend this little pizzeria to anyone that claims to be a fan of NY style pies.  I find myself having a hard time remembering to breath when I hold a slice in my hand.  Somewhat dangerous, but very worth it!!

Well done Venezias!  I am a fan for life!笑
I've been a loyal customer since the first location opened here in Arizona. I love the new dining addition they added! This location is always clean, everyone's very friendly and the food never ever disappoints! I wish they would open s location in San Tan Valley!笑
This is some of the best "New York Style" pizza I have had in Arizona since I moved here from New York...it must be the water or something because most places here in AZ have it wrong.  Delicious crust and high quality toppings.  The slices are huge.  Nice atmosphere, clean bathrooms, outdoor seating at patio tables.  I'll try the wings next time I visit...................................................tried the wings, sooooooooooooooooo good!笑
The place was good at one point but not anymore, the pepperoni pizza is not even on the pizza, they shred it or something, looks like just a cheese pizza, tacky and not worth it!!笑
I ordered an Italian beef sandwich here and I have to say it was delicious! I will definitely be coming back !! 
My husband thanks you as well I get a little hangry when I'm hungry lol笑
Great delivery service! 

Great pizzas! We order a "custom" pie every time and they always get it right!

Great mild wings!笑
I love  their Italian stallion pizza!  My husband like their wings too.   They also have a really large delivery area as compared to other places.笑
Not too impressed. The lady who took my order was quite rude and misunderstood as I suspected when she read the order back. She seemed confident and all-knowing so I trusted it to be right. A total of four slices of pizza took about 28 minutes. Half of the order was wrong and my slice, the slice of the day, had an air bubble that took up half of the slice. I understand that it was a busy Saturday night but I feel as if the staff could've communicated better to get everything done correctly instead of yelling at eachother and creating an uncomfortable environment. Good ranch, decent pizza. Will probably visit again and see if things have changed.笑
Had take out last night and although the pizza was pretty good (not great as so often proclaimed), the desserts are what I'm reviewing.

Being from New York and having real Italian delis to shop at, I came to love a true Cannoli! THIS PLACE DOES NOT HIT THE MARK! 

As you can see in the picture it wasn't even filled correctly. The center was hollow and it's the filling that makes it so perfect. This cannoli was lame. At about $3.50 for 1, I would at least expect it to be made correctly. The taste was good, but again, not great. Big disappointment. 

Pizza = pretty good
Dessert = waste of money笑
Kinda disappointed with this place. I had given them a great review previously for their amazing pizza and delivering services. But now after a year and months, they are suddenly "too busy " to deliver to my residence (I live 4.1 miles from them!) . I keep thinking its a one time thing and that next time they will be able to deliver , but unfortunately for all 10 times I've tried , they have not been able to deliver. Such a disappointment:/笑
The pizza is superior to the competition across the street. We primarily get take out so I will save the fifth star for my next eat in experience. Sandwiches are great also. They have never messed up my order which is rare for a place I eat often.笑
It's painful to say this, but I would prefer Pizza Hut over this awful pizza!笑
My favorite pizza after you remove some of the grease!  Friendly staff.  Place is always busy.  Pizza is usually delivered sooner than later.  Don't forget to get a stamp card.笑
Awesome huge pizza! If you need to feed a large family or you are a big eater, this is the place for you.笑
Yum! Portions here are huge. I've never actually ordered an entire pizza. I usually the slice and boneless buffalo wing combo. Good eating and a fair price.笑
Was debating on what pizza to get tonight. Convinced my girlfriend we should get Venezias. She was hesitant but I was expecting the same quality I would get at any other location. I was wrong. It took about an hour for it to get to us. Which is fine because it's Saturday night and I assume they're busy. We noticed right away the pizza was cold.  The wings we got were no different from the pizza. Cold. I would understand if the location was far from us but its about a couple of miles down the road. We figured we would microwave our slices. When we tried to get our slices from the box and the cheese and toppings fell right off the pizza. The pizza was not cut correctly and the crust was soggy. I have no problem paying more for quality but the truth is we've had better quality from big chain pizza. Venezias was not on their "A" game tonight. I wouldn't even say they were on their "C" game. I'll just take this as a lesson learned and go with another place next time.笑
I am not ready to say it's my favorite pizza ever but it IS very good pizza.  And their party size is HUGE.  We get this pizza for take-out regularly and choose it over the other options within about a 2 mile radius.  Sauce has good flavor, good amount of cheese, generous with the toppings, all good.  Found out last time we went in that they have cannoli's that are molto fantastico!  All in all, a great place to have around the corner.笑
Amazing pizza and wings and great sevice!! The Italian Stallion in Awesome.  My favorite pizza place to go to now.笑
This place is by far the best pizza not on the east coast that I've had.  I do have to admit eating there the pizza seems a little better.  When I've gotten delivery it just didn't have the same "pow"笑
Gilbert is FILLED with pizza places, and this is by far one of the best. They are restricted an Italian pizzeria, no burgers, Chinese, Seaford combo, which makes it even more spectacular. We order from them time to time, their wings are wet, doused with sauce and hot to the touch. Their ranch is one of the best toppings, thin, creamy goodness all over. Carbs free pizza bowls, hot and cold Italian sandwiches, it has the best offer!笑
Great pizza great service.  This location is the smallest one compared to their other locations. 
I always have a great experience eating at any of their locations.笑
Yummy pizza when made fresh. Reheated slice pizza is icky. Greek salad is bomb so is the food.笑
My wife and I come here often as this is our favorite pizza place. We actually drive over 15 miles to come, it's that good. Today we were taken back as to how dirty and filthy the restaurant was. The dining room had trash on the floor through out and most ( I would say about 85%) of the tables were very dirty and left unbussed. Made it difficult to find a place to sit that was clean without having to wipe down are own table. Not to mention the tremendous eye sore looking into the dining room and seeing trash everywhere. Have to say, not our best experience dining in. Food was great though!笑
If your looking for quick, cheap pizza then by all means come here!  Meat lovers pizza was saturated with grease. Mariners sauce was from a can, just opened 15 minutes ago!   If you have even the slightest palate, this is NOT Italian food!笑
Love this place.  Always good and we consistently enjoyed Venezia after my son's basketball games.  Best thing crispy style pizza in Phoenix.   I would give 6 stars if I could.笑
Hands down,  the best pizza i have ever had. I have tried a sandwich once and it was very expensive and not worth the cost but the pizza omg is excellent.