I have been coming here since they opened.. Love this place and the atmosphere! All the bartenders and waitresses are very nice! They now have a new mexi section and this is the 2nd night in a row I got the shrimp tacos! Highly recommend! The tacos come with beans and rice. I really don't mind beans and rice, but I've heard it great with the tacos.笑
Great service and food!
I ordered the special, Shrimp Po'Boy.  It came out with grilled shrimp and was made perfectly.  Great beer selection and fresh brewed iced tea is not bitter.笑
Excellent beer selection. Bison burger was amazing. 

I used to come here when it was Senor Frogs. Other than the familiarity of the location I'd have no idea that it was the same place. Excellent remodel/refresh. 

Great service at the bar (Kara). The outside bar was super relaxing and the vibe was chill. Tres Lads was playing inside which was great but didn't interrupt outside.笑
We had the Chipotle BBQ wings and two different types of burgers. All of the above were exceptional. Cool atmosphere, plenty of parking, and lots of TVs to boot. Well worth a stop on our way to the outlet mall.笑
Update--- Sorry to say it's been 10 days and I have not received a gift card. This makes me feel that  management is not that concerned about a customers bad experience.笑
Great low-key inexpensive place. The owner/chef is really making an effort to provide well prepared meals with fresh ingredients and the results are impressive!  Excellent beer selection and a laid back vibe.  Service is friendly although not fast.  Not a gourmet restaurant, but certainly a go to place for a good meal at a reasonable price.笑
The food was great and the service was very good. The selection of craft beers (and even a cider I hadn't tried) is very good and they have flights of craft beers, which is good if you want to try some different beers. We will definitely go back. Good atmosphere and food.笑
Underwhelmed. We stopped in to watch a Penguins playoff game.  The place was moderately busy - not every table was taken, and they had seating both indoors and outdoors. We clearly were our waitresses only table in our section based on the frequency that was saw her.  The layout and actual restaurant was nice. 

The food was average. I had the chicken salad wrap, and it was just that, an average chicken salad wrap. My dining partner had the shaved ribeye sandwich and assessed that there was no way he was actually eating ribeye (and it was really greasy).  He said his sandwich wasn't worth the money. 

The drinks were good... definitely the best part of the meal. Overall, average food and below average service. We were hopeful for a new spot to frequent, but I doubt we'll be back.笑
Pretty decent bar food although it's moderately kid friendly. Waitresses are very nice and they have a kids selection. But the crowd is mostly adults and the atmosphere is more bar related.
Good beer selection too笑
We went there to listen to a band play that I wanted to see. Thought we would try the food too. The reviews over all made it sound better than it was. We ordered a few appetizers,  the peppers with hummus, and the drunken  mussles. The peppers were interesting, and not at all what I expected. More like pickled jalapeños with hummus on top. Good flavor etc, interesting idea, just I was expecting more like a jalapeño popper.

The mussles had good flavor and were well cooked. Saw some sandwiches come out to other diners that looked ok, but nothing there said 'wow'. They did have a good selection of beer, and it had a nice atmosphere, and a huge deck. But the deck is also the smoking section... and we don't smoke. 

Not bad for what it is, I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could, but definitely not 4.笑
Pretty good food here, especially the appetizers. Sunday night is $1 taco night. Drinks are reasonably priced. Staff is friendly and attentive. They have a lot of TVs, most of them showing sports of some form or another. The crowd is a mixed bag of sports fans and 30ish people out for drinks. Not a hip place, but nice enough. There's a pretty good sized outside patio as well.笑
This was my third time here, and every time has been a great experience! Though it doesn't look like much from the outside, it's definitely a hidden gem! The servers are always very attentive, and the food is super reasonably priced but very yummy! They have a great draft selection and a huge bottle selection with a really nice variety! We have been able to please both craft beer/IPA lovers here, as well as "traditional" beer drinkers. We've also been able to please non-drinkers here, as there's a pretty good variety food-wise, and everything we've ever tried we've really liked. We have loved sitting outside in the summer, but were happy to see they enclose the outdoor sedition for the winter and still offer that as a seating area. 

We have had their wings in the past and really enjoyed them, but this time we opted for full size meals. My husband got the buffalo mac n cheese - it was not only a generous portion, but quite delicious! I tried a bite and definitely plan to get that next time! I had the verde wrap and it was super flavorful!! We forgot how good the food was, especially for the price! I plan to add this to the list of places we patronize often!!笑
Traveled all over the US..and found this hidden gem when hubby wanted to check out the game..so happy we stopped in! food was amazing..from their burgers..nachos..and different twist on bbq pork nachos...are something Im craving ...their fried cheesecake....dessert was spectacular..I urge everyone to try this place out..guarantee you will NOT be disappointed. Thank you to the great service..and next time we are in town we will definitely stop in!!!笑
For gluten free people ...add this place to your list of go to bars!  They had cider and gf beers. 
I had the blue burger and gf bun. Delicious!!!! 
Nice atmosphere. 
This was our first time here and we will go back. 
This is a little spot that has been renovated in the last year. 
The wait staff was great. We sat at the bar and the bartender was delightful. 
Prices are reasonable  
Give it a try.笑
So glad this place popped up on Maps!!  Quiet, classy little bar with gourmet food and a nice atmosphere.  We brought 3 kids (6mo - 7yrs) and it felt appropriate.  No kids' menu, but mine will eat wings. 

Husbandy and I had the German specials for Octoberfest - better than Hoffbrau House!!  Potato pancakes required no enhancement and the potato and kraut mix was superb ... oh yeah, the wurst was good too, ha ha ha!

Started with chicken nachos, so we weren't able to finish, but can't regret the nachos!  Even the picky boy ate them!

Park around back and enter through the back door.  That's where the outdoor seating is.笑
My wife and I were in Bridgeville browsing some antique shops and decided to stop here for lunch.  We hadn't been here before.  I had the spicy bison burger and my wife had the fish sandwich.... both were delicious and huge.  The menu has sandwiches and some nice entrees.  They also have a nice selection of beers, draft and bottled.  We'll definitely go back.笑
Great restaurant!!! Great atmosphere! Great service! Great food! If you like wings then you will like these wings that they serve here.These are some of the best wings that I have had in the Pittsburgh pa region of Pittsburgh!!Thumbs up all the way!! There shaved ribeye sand which is killer good also! I have only eaten here once,but I loved it! Highly recommended!!笑
We frequent Crafty and have never had a bad experience. Other reviews on the mussels are spot on - they are terrific!  Wings are outstanding. New Mex offerings are huge portions and delicious. Beer selection keeps me coming back!!笑
Wonderful burgers and excellent wings!  I wish the beer selection was bigger, but the food is really amazing and inexpensive.  I highly recommend.笑
Excellent casual place to have a drink and a bite.   Roasted jalapeño peppers stuffed with humus were amazing!   Will definitely return next time I'm in town.笑
Stopped in for dinner on Tuesday.  Wings are the special of the day $.30. So we tried a couple of wings.  We started with some homemade soup, Bean and ham, that was very good.  Then had some Hot Garlic Parm and some Honey Jalapeño.  Both were good, but we like the Hot Garlic Parm better.  Thought the Honey Jalapeño were a little to sweet.  
The wait staff was super friendly and gave us a sample of the soup prior to ordering.  
The have a list of the specials that don't seem to change, $30 wings on Tuesday, Monday there is another special and there is Karaoke and Trivia nights.  Would like to come back in the warmer weather and try out the deck.笑
A Saturday afternoon.  Wing and beer special. Burgers and wings were yummy.  Service was great! We will be back!笑
This place has come such a long way. If you've only been here before the remodel, give it another chance! Amazing food, great drink specials, refreshed interior, and nice outdoor seating. Loving it!笑
This place is pretty good. My wife and I ate here and had macaroni and cheese skillets. They also had good beer selection. I recently ate up the street at "Mac and Toz" which also has mac and cheese skillets, and I actually prefer the "Crafty jackalope." Also this is a little less pricey than "Mac and Toz." The atmosphere is alright, definitely better than when it was "castaways." The only thing I didn't like was parking. Parking is not great in this area around dinner time. I will probably stop here again soon.笑
Excellent, wings are way better  than burgh ,s and half the price everyone  it told to try this place loved it give it a try笑
Tried this place out once...sat at the bar for 25 minutes and not a single person waited on us. We got up and left, no desire to go back.笑
I was truly blown away! The drunken muscles were to die for! I love on the lenten menu there is a spicy burnin burger. For those who will burn in --- for eating meat on friday. Haha Our waitress was perfect. The food delicious! There is so much on the menu that I still want to try. Awesome place. Can't wait for warmer weather when you can sit outside.笑
Great drinks........horrible service basically ignored paying customers on a Saturday night?!?!?笑
Went tonight for the first time.  Awesome!  It used to be the dark horse saloon, which we went to last year--just ok and lousy service.     The Crafty Jackolope was a pleasant surprise.  Started with the pretzel bites. Cheese filled pretzels deep fried... Very good.   My dh had the brisket sandwich which he loved.  He especially commented on the very fresh focaccia bread it was on.  I had the grilled chicken wrap and it was excellent.   Thick bacon, cool cucumbers and lettuce with carmelized onions ... And they make their own ranch dressing to dip in it. Even my side salad was very fresh .. All green no iceberg.  $2 miller lite on Saturday sweetened the deal.   Our waitress Kristina did a nice job.  We will definitely be back!笑
Haven't been to this place since it was called Señor Frogs, and decided to check it out tonight.  It was a beautiful night, and we sat outside on the patio along the street.  There was free bingo going on, which was fun and kept us entertained while waiting for our order.  Had a really nice server named Alisha who did a great job recommending our dinner choices, we each had a chicken wrap and they were tasty.  Nice, relaxing, clean place to stop in for a drink and quick dinner.  We will be back for sure.笑
The bartender inside was sort of rude. I watched him make eyes at all of his female bartenders for 5 minutes while he stood there doing nothing.  Eventually a different bartender happened to walk by and serve me. He didn't even attempt to acknowledge my presence. Can I at least get a "Hey, how are you give me a minute"? Customer service needs improvement.笑
We went to a movie in bridgeville and thought we'd try a new place to eat so we went to crafty jackalope. We both got the wing special . They were really good. Nice size good flavor. We also had frys they were also very good . The waitress was very attentive and the atmosphere was nice. I would definitely return here in the future笑
You walk in, its an average setting, not alot of seating, not much in the way of a modern vibe. An older feel, needs updating, but the food more than made up for the ok atmosphere, which is more important anyway.  Hot Cajun wings for the appetizer. Great flavor, decent sized wings. Friend had the French Dip, gave it a good rating. Beef was tender, melted cheese on a Mancini bun. Au  Jus was very good. I had the Shaved Steak sandwich, with grilled onions and peppers, cole slaw and melted Provolone on Foccaccia bread. I loved mine, generous portion of steak, very tender and juicy. Side of Parmesan fries, made for a great meal!!笑
The service started out ok and then got worse as the night went on. Going there during a pens game and wing night was a bad idea. Half of the wings weren't cooked all the way and the waitress was very inattentive. I would go back just to try out the good food everyone raves about just not on that night.笑
Went on a Sat night and sat at the bar. The staff was disorganized, inattentive (and it wasn't that crowded) and messed up our order. Food was subpar. I was surprised after reading so many positive reviews. You are better off at Burghs Pizza and Wing pub across the street.笑
First time we came here we were blown away by the quality and freshness of the food we ordered. Everything was made from scratch, and made to order. 

The prices are great, the food is great, and the employees are nice. We will be coming back here on a consistent basis.笑
A place I would definitely go again. The food was good and the service was attentive. Enjoyed the outdoor patio for much of the dinner and some drinks then moved inside for some fun karaoke. Overall the place seemed reasonably priced and more than worth the visit.笑
This was my first time here at the Crafty Jackalope even though I live close by and it's been open for some time now. We stopped in on a Saturday evening for a few drinks and something to eat. We sat at the bar and the service was fine. They have a decent selection of beer on tap, but nothing too crazy.

Had the Buffalo chicken dip as an appetizer and chicken tenders for the main meal. Everything was fine but nothing to write home about. Around seven or so a one man band came in to play. Apparently this young man has quite the following of what only can only be described as very enthusiastic music loving ladies who very much enjoyed (him?) his show.

Anyways, since this really wasn't my bag baby, I decided to bounce on out and find a different place to continue my beer d'jour! Not a bad place at all and the service is fine. Maybe I just need to pick a different night, either that or check out this guys my space page to see when he's going to be there.笑
Delicious food, amazing service, and great prices! We went on a Sunday night and didn't know what to expect. Both got burgers and they are the best in the area! The draft list looked amazing! So excited to go back to watch a sporting event there!笑
We've been to the Jackalope twice and very pleased both times!  Their menu is extensive, with lots more than bar food.  Everything we've had was great.  And most impressive, is the staff and the owner.  The first time we were there, he came over and introduced himself. Then we noticed him going to every table and helping the servers deliver the food.  Finally, live music, no cover charge and a dance floor!  We'll be going back soon.笑
Several months ago, I left a review complaining that they had changed the menu, especially since they'd removed my favorite salad in Pittsburgh. The restaurant owner messaged me, thanking need for my opinion, and inviting me back tonight, when they were bringing the old menu back. Although they aren't going to change the menu until the end of the week, the manager asked me about the dish that I missed, and she had the chef put it together for me. You have to love that level of service!  This place still has the excellent service that we're accustomed to, good prices, and tonight, bingo. So glad that I can come back for my favorite dinner!笑
The absolute best food and service in the tri state area. The best kept secret in western Pennsylvania.笑
Extremely tired of the same chains over and over again, we decided to give the Crafty Jackalope a try...I had been here on a Saturday night when it was a previous business so I was curious to try it again. We stopped here on a Friday after work while happy hour was still going on ($1 off drinks, half price appetizers) so we tried the fried pretzel bites which were so good. Nice and crispy and cheese filled.
I ordered the cilantro chicken which comes with 2 sides, it was two nice sized chicken breasts and I got the fries and creamy coleslaw as sides. Their fries were so perfectly seasoned that I didn't even need ketchup and the chicken was delicious.
My boyfriend ordered the surf and turf. As he was cutting into it our waitress said "that isn't medium well" and took it to fix it...he didn't even say a word, he hadn't even looked at it. Then she came out and said they were out of steak and asked what he would like instead, he asked to just put it back on for a couple minutes which she said they normally wouldn't do but he was fine with it. We were comped for his meal and given a gift card to return. Honestly he probably wouldn't have even said anything and just eaten it but that was a really nice thing for the restaurant to do. I am always impressed when a business goes above and beyond.
Their prices were good, definitely competitive with other places in the area. Domestic beer is $3 a bottle regularly so $2 with happy hour prices, it looked like they have a decent beer selection too. They have a really nice patio area outside and the inside isn't stuffed with tables like some places are, just a nice relaxing atmosphere.笑
Came here for lunch with the crew from work. It's excellent, good service, good food. As we like to say at work "This one's going on the rotation." I would recommend you put it on yours too.笑
Yum yum yum. Good food and good drinks. Hopefully they will stay in town longer than the last 2-3 owners.笑
Good food, good beer selection, good staff, BUT they allow people to smoke so it ruins it for us.笑
The servers were great. Their selection of craft beers is really good compared to other places nearby. My favorite part is the outside bar. It's great for watching sports and having a few cold drinks.笑
A delightfully unexpected 5-star experience! First time at this fun clean restaurant. We came on a Tuesday which was $.30 wing nite. Their wings are so delicious and perfectly crispy, comparable to Wings Suds & Spuds in Moon. We enjoyed fried pickles and warm cheese filled pretzels for appetizers. The service - excellent! Our waitress was attentive as well as the manager who introduced herself to me and told me how much pride they take in service. We will absolutely be back!笑
Can be crowded at the "typical" times, but my wife & I discovered this place over a year ago - haven't tried anything on the menu that wasn't amazing. So, it's a bar, but they've got a comfort food gourmet in charge of the kitchen. Any sandwich with the focaccia bread = win (BBQ brisket, Roasted Veggie, etc), burghers are superbers, specials like the lobster mac & cheese and meatloaf just taste so SATISFYING. (Update: Buffalo wings are amazing, spicy and actually buttery too) Everything is their own recipe. They also have a fair drink selection, music nights and a karaoke night.

If you come as often as we do (about weekly), the staff get to know you too and come to see how you're doing.笑
I've rarely seen a more hard working, dedicated owner of a business before. He has successfully built a business built on quality and excellent customer service! He is a huge part in the success of the Bridgeville business community and greatly appreciated. Thanks Ron!笑
Great outdoor atmosphere!  Nice beer selection and a tasty menu!  Gluten free beers and food to order.笑
This place was a nice find! My family and I were in the area looking for a place to eat lunch that wasn't the typical Applebee's, Texas Roadhouse, etc. We decided on The Crafty Jackalope, and at the end of our meal, we were so happy that we did. My mom ordered the Drunken Mussels as her meal instead of an appetizer. At first she was worried it may not be "meal size worthy", but there had to have been at least 25 mussels on her plate for only $7.99. They do not come with bread, so she ordered toasted bread on the side which was an extra dollar, but it complemented the meal nicely. My dad had the BBQ Beef Brisket sandwich which was very tender with a touch of sweetness. It was served on focaccia bread instead of a bun which allowed it to not get a soggy as a bun normally would. I had the Classic Reuben, which for a classic, was top-notch. The bread was perfectly toasted and it wasn't swimming in thousand-island dressing. This allowed for more flavor to come from the bread, meat, and sauerkraut. We also decided to try to beer sampler for $7.00. Each glass is a decent size and it's a great opportunity to try a new beer without committing to an entire glass or bottle. The one downfall is that it's a bit loud, but it is a sports bar-esque place, so it's expected. If you're in the area, give it a try!笑
Pre-ordered wings for takeout. Had to wait over 15 minutes at 2 different bars to get my order. They overcharged for sauce on the side (supposed to be .35 cents per sauce, was charged .75) and there was no ranch with the order.笑
Stopped here randomly after the Tanger outlets and it was REALLY great. We got the BBQ burger, spicy ranch wrap and the shaved rib eye. The chef even came out to chat. Everything was excellent, I would definitely stop in if you're nearby. Great place.笑
This was my third time here, and every time has been a great experience! Though it doesn't look like much from the outside, it's definitely a hidden gem! The servers are always very attentive, and the food is super reasonably priced but very yummy! They have a great draft selection and a huge bottle selection with a really nice variety! We have been able to please both craft beer/IPA lovers here, as well as "traditional" beer drinkers. We've also been able to please non-drinkers here, as there's a pretty good variety food-wise and everything we've ever tried we've really liked. We have loved sitting outside in the summer, but were happy to see they enclose the outdoor sedition for the winter and still offer that as a seating area. 

We have had their wings in the past and really enjoyed them, but this time we opted for full size meals. My wife got the buffalo mac and cheese - it was not only a generous portion, but quite delicious! I tried a bite and definitely plan to get that next time! I had the Verde wrap and it was super flavorful!! We forgot how good the food was, especially for the price! I plan to add this to the list of places we patronize often!!笑
Bar food, and not that good.  I'll stick with Burgh's across the street.笑
We decided to go here one night to try out a new place with awesome reviews. I thought the food was really good. We got stuffed banana peppers as an app. I thought the sausage may not have been completely cooked but it wasn't raw or anything. I was surprised their house salad was actually mixed greens vs the typical iceberg. I got a lent special meal it was good but I thought the salmon was a little more fishy. Overall I was impressed for the quality with low prices. I give it four stars because of the iffyness and atmosphere. I would go back..:笑
Stopped here for the first time with my wife for lunch. We grabbed wings and I have to say they were cooked perfectly. They were crispy and there was a wide selection of flavors. Service was great but the place was rather slow, so I can't comment on service when it is busy. That being said, we highly recommend giving the Crafty Jackalope a shot.笑
This was our first visit and definitely won't be our last. Our waitress was extremely attentive to us and there wasn't much of a wait for our food - however I will note is was a very rainy day and the place was only half full. We ordered the fish sandwich, BBQ Bacon burger, and shared the pretzel bites. The pretzel bites were good, nothing truly amazing, but they went well with our beers. The fish sandwich was great, piping hot on focaccia bread. Their tartar sauce is the second best I've ever had, and has onion in the sauce. My wife really enjoyed her burger, it was juicy and just the right amount of BBQ sauce. We definitely will be back, we definitely want to try their wings next time.笑
Always looking for good local spots when we are away from home.  The Crafty Jackalope is a winner.  Sort of a bar/ restaurant.  Warm decor, and clean.  
We stopped in on a Saturday evening and it was about 70% full.  There was a Penguins game on and many seemingly regulars on hand atvthe bar to watch.  We never felt out of place or unwelcome.  The staff was very nice.  She did a solid job. 
The food was very good.  I had wings, which were huge.  My wife had the brisket sandwich, and loved it.   Daughter had a wrap. 
Food was above ave, facility looked good, staff was good.  Worth going to.笑
Pleasantly surprised! Great food and very cool atmosphere... One of those places where there is enough room for everyone there to enjoy what they like at a bar: tv's , darts, music or hanging on the patio . food was very good...had wings, fries and the bbq burger loved them all.  Definitely a great summer spot. The service could have been better , server was friendly but  not knowledgeable/alcohol  about the menu or attentive. Definitely a gem in bridgeville and will be back笑
So being a restaurant operator, I always come into a place with a critical eye.  That said, I was truly impressed with the food, beer selection, staff, and atmosphere of this place!  The Bison burger beats Burgatory HANDS DOWN!  The wings were plump, juicy, and there are a ton of sauce options.  The beer menu is bountiful.  The staff was laid back, having fun, the Chef stopped by, it was a very nice night out with friends.  The one bad thing, Karaoke!!  Screeching voices, off key wailing, it was a bit much.笑
Very good bar food and even better help clean place. different place to eat that isn't to far off the intestate as in not a chain lots of tvs笑
Great beer selection. Got the Burning Burger and it had the best ghost pepper sauce I've seen.  Lots more good stuff on the menu. Need to go back.笑
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and good food.   Try the deep fried cheesecake for dessert!笑
Since Sauce closed Jakalope has re-vamped their menu - they now have Sauce's mac and cheese options!!! YEAH!!  Equally great.  Some different add-ins, also great.  Very excited.  I love the South Hills love of mac and cheese.  Weird, I know. But for me, mac and cheese may be an obsession and Jakalope delivers.  So now I have a great wing place and a great mac and cheese place.  The brisket is very good as well.  Hubby loved the steak salad.  I still haven't gone through the entire menu, but the meals are consistent.  I like consistency.  Good.笑
Food is consistently good, and so is their service. Their wings are amazing, especially the Honey Jalepeno!  The drunken mussels are to die for. The beer selection is the tops and if you like wine, they do the Pittsburgh pour!笑
I can cross this off my list.
Four of us had dinner there. I had a Ruben that might have been good if it had been served promptly. The fries that were the side were luke warm smothered in salt. How hard is it to serve fresh crisp French fries? 
A glass of lemonade that my husband said they must have squeezed a lemon over a glass of water...
Fish tacos for my daughter and husband with a disgustingly over cooked rice. 
Will I be back? Hell no!笑
Great service. Slow on a Monday evening but enjoyed sitting outside. Food was very good. Lots of beer on tap. Certainly worth a try.笑
We had a nice experience at this restaurant. The service was quick and the food was very tasty. We also liked the outdoor heated seating in the wintertime as well as the general atmosphere of the establishment. I will definitely come back for both food and drink!笑
Sat out on the patio with friends tonight. The craft beer selection on tap was good. But the food was just ok. Not great at all. The service was slow, even slower than expected on a busy Friday night. And all the waitresses seemed pretty clueless. 

I don't expect to be coming back. Not for the food anyway. My friend got boneless wings that were more hard crusty beading than actual chicken. I got a grilled chicken salad wrap that wasn't very good at all. Another friend got fried zucchini, she didn't eat much. 

We were all pretty disappointed.笑
Love the Jackalope!  Introduced to this place when my band, Verdict, played here on Feb 4, 2016.  Now under new management, Jason has done a fantastic job.   My band returned on June 16, 2106.  Today, I stopped in for lunch and the Southwest Chicken Sandwich and Fries were perfect.   Sorry to hear Fri daylight hours were going away, and looking forward to returning with my band sometime this fall or winter.   Thanks again!