Chocolate Overload!! I don't mean that in a bad way either. We ordered a variety of dishes and beverages, and none of them disappointed. We had a Meat Lovers omelette, Waffles, and Crepes. All of which were amazing.

In addition, their coffee and hot chocolates are practically desserts. We were tourists in Montreal, and we knew we had to stop here. I'd recommend anyone visiting to do the same!笑
Je m'attendais tellement à un ravissement de mon palais moi qui suit une dent sucrée, mais je n'ai pas été impressionnée. Tous les plats essayés n'avaient rien d'exceptionnels, la gaufre moyenne, la poêle aussi pas si fameuse. On a vu mieux ailleurs et je préfère Juliette et chocolat malgré que je ne suis pas fan. Nous avons tout de même été bien servis et les boules de chocolat à côté sont vraiment bonnes :) le goût du café décevant aussi!!笑
Pour les amoureux et les amoureuses du chocolat sous toutes ses formes. Boissons chaudes, crêpes et sous bien d'autres formes, cette douceur déploie son irrésistible charme.

Profitez de terrasse jusqu'à tard le soir. Un chocolat chaud est parfait pour se réchauffer quand le temps plus frais vient à la nuit tombée.笑
The food was good. Loved the chocolate with my fruits. I had the crepes and my friends had the omelette. No complaints from any of us. It was a really cute place to hang out during gay pride and the cute blonde waiter was an added bonus.笑
Excellent ! Rien a rajouter, une superbe place de brunch pas trop cher et sympathique.笑
Coffee is like any other coffee place, nothing special. I ordered triple chocolate cake and it was everything but chocolate.. probably a crep or waffle will be a better option.笑
We enjoyed an impromptu breakfast at Cacao 70 when Ma'Tine was unexpectedly closed.

We sat outside on the deck under the soft, magenta bulbs strung over the street. It was a warm, but pleasant summer morning.

The menu of Cacao 70 was extensive. There was a regular menu, a dessert menu, and a hot chocolate menu! M was deviant and ordered something that had nothing chocolate: coffee and a Europa crepe. She didn't like it. She thought that there was too much ham on the crepe. Even the server asked if there was something wrong with the food and if M would prefer something else.

I made up for that. I got two different kinds of hot chocolate: the darkest called the Equator and the lightest the French Cream. I also got the Illegal Chocolate Waffle and a side of bacon. Everything was on pointe. M kept eating and drinking all of my food and beverages also!

The Equator and the French Cream were huge contrasts to one another. One was mature, rich, and seductive. The French Cream was indulgently sweet and creamy.

My Illegal Chocolate Waffle was served with caramelized bananas, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. I love caramelized bananas. It was a well put-together dish. I am thankful that I had some crispy bacon to cut through some of the sugar though.笑
Delish! Had the Guiseppe hot chocolate, savory chicken crepe, and finished with a chocolate/ricotta cheese pizza. The hot chocolate had a little kick to it and was amazing to drink real chocolate! Chicken crepe was great with the perfect ratio of spinach to chicken with a slightly slightly sweet crepe. The pizza was the highlight with nutella and ricotta cheese. On the side was strawberries and bananas. Will definitely be back.笑
Five star except for the loud rap music playing.
If you are a nutella lover, you have to come here. Great service!笑
I had a large dark Moka here. It ruined my day. It felt like I did two lines of bad coke. They must be adding extra caffeine. At least it felt like that to my body for a the next six hours.  The food looked great though.笑
Wooooow this place was amazing  very generous portions, lots of fresh fruit, and high quality chocolate. We ordered the strawberry cheesecake crepe and the banana waffle with a side of strawberries. Both were perfect. I especially liked the caramelized banana. The only thing we ordered that we did not enjoy were the mocha's.笑
Vraiment excellent. Les prix sont très bien pour la grande quantité des assiettes. Offre des déjeuners et dîner mais surtout des excellent desserts.

Nous y sommes allées pour le dessert. Une portion individuel (quart) de pizza choco-guimauve servit avec fraise vraiment excellente et fraîche, banane tout aussi bonne et chocolat fondu. Un régale.

Comme autre dessert, un parfait quadruple chocolat servit avec deux boules de crèmes glacer, coulis chocolat, morceau de chocolat, sauce chocolat et brownies chocolat.

Ressemble à Juliette et chocolat, Mais avec un service meilleur (malgré un peu absent), Mais beaucoup moins cher avec de meilleur portion.

Possibilité de faire des remplacement dans le menu comme changer le chocolat (noir, blanc ou au lait), les saveur de crème glacé (chocolat, vanille, menthe chocolat) Ou d'enlever certains éléments que vous n'aimez pas.

Aussi plusieurs chocolat chaud (Au lait et noir de 8% à plus de 80%).

J'y retournerai c'est sur. Pour moi, pour un dessert qui remplis sans me faire éclater, C'est mon endroit.笑
I would leave a better review but I only arrived 20 minutes before the closing time (damn you poor metro system). Honestly I felt so bad and I actually would have understood if they had refused me but the staff that served me was kind and welcoming. I ended up ordering for take out a hot chocolate and waffles (the banana split one), which were both very good but you really have to be a fan of chocolate because there's a lot of it. Chocolate on the waffles, chocolate on the bananas, extra chocolate sauce on the side, you name it. It's not called Cacao 70 for nothing. A bit pricey I must say but still okay for the portions you get. I'll definitely come back but this time I'll get to sit down and relax more.笑
We had never heard of this place previously but oh. My. God. It is fantastic! We ordered the black and white chocolate fondue and it was not too sweet and not too rich but perfect. Everything is good. It's got a great environment to peopl-watch cause it's in the gay district and the service was great. I would definitely recommend!笑
Great brunch. The vegetable frittata was a favorite for our group as well as the crepes. Good service. The only alcohol they offer is red stripe beer so no mimosa options but the coffee was great. We returned for brunch again :)笑
I wish i could leave less than one star. I couldn't tell if my sandwich was chicken or fish. I wasn't able to eat even half of it. So terrible. Worst meal of my life笑
Quelle déception! Un décor génial, mais ça s'arrête la...
J'ai commandé, au jeune serveur visiblement emmerdé d'être la, une crêpe bananes et chocolat à 64%. Rien de plus classique et standard pour ce genre d'établissement. J'ai reçu une quelconque crêpe sans saveur, pâteuse et élastique à souhait garnie d'une banane tout aussi sans saveur (c'est l'hiver, mais bon! Si tu n'arrives pas à avoir des fruits importés de qualité en cette période, change ton menu et opte pour des fruits d'ici!). Il y avait du chocolat que sur le dessus de la crêpe et en petite quantité. L'intérieur était donc sec et ennuyant à mourir... Et que dire des prix, exorbitants pour la qualité des produits! Pas du tout apprécié l'expérience! :-(笑
Fast service, but poor preparation. The waiters and waitresses are quick, attentive, but the food wasn't fully cooked. 

The staff are reluctant to offer any adjustment to the bill if you aren't satisfied. Keep this in mind when dining here. You may not get what you expect, but you'll still pay full price.笑
Come here for breakfast! Its not just a dessert spot, i swear you will be so pissed off if you dont. Pretty much every meal comes with some fruit and a little melted choc fondue to dip it in. I personally enjoyed my buckwheat crepe with baby spinach and feta. The spinach was extremely fresh--nothing frozen here! the crepe itself was thick and kept everything in like sandwhich, drizzle the syrup over them and let the yolk crack down onto your crepe. it will be very juicy and its a perfect pairing with the spinach & feta.

The waffles are perfectly cooked on the outside too, and will be the perfect touch to a sweet tooths breakfast craving!笑
In a failed attempt to find a wine bar in Le Village, we ended up here for some dessert. Preferably anything chocolate. A kowinkidink? I think not! 

We walked in with high hopes. The air was filled with buttery aroma from fresh-made crepes and the decadent smell of cacao beans. Ahhh...We knew we were going to be in for a treat...

Their menu showcased a myriad of dessert options such as crepes, parfaits, chocolate something pizzzas, cakes, and cookies, as well as an impressive list of hot chocolate drinks. It was a cold night and the sound of something hot and rich was music to my ears. I decided to go with the CIOCCOLATA CALDA (Italian-style hot chocoloate). The menu states it's "one of the most amazing treats in the world!" Well, I couldn't say no to that, can I? It was indeed very rich and decadent. Not your typical American hot chocolate, the liquid is very thick, almost pudding-like and not milky at all. I like it! Dark chocolate is my thing and this one was leaning towards that with a pleasant hint of bitterness. For about $9 CAD, although the portion is generous, I would also like to think they only use quality cacao beans. It was a lovely treat!

I wish I could say the same for the crepe. We got the NUTELLA CREPE with bananas and strawberries. This took forever to come out but that's not exactly why I wasn't happy with this order. The crepe was huge! Filled abundantly with fresh fruit slices, I dug in and shoved the first bite in my mouth. Wow, that was underwhelming. Maybe I had too much sweetness from the hot chocolate already that my taste buds could no longer appreciate the subtleness of this crepe? Maybe... The strawberries were sour so that didn't help my cause either. The crepe, I almost couldn't taste it. I wish I ordered it a la mode but that was such an after-thought. I would've ordered a savory crepe if I didn't want anything sweet. It goes without saying, I've had better!  

Skip the crepes when you come here and indulge yourself with a hot chocolate instead. WiFi is free, YAY! However, service was slow and they weren't even busy. Hmmm... This place is alright!笑
Belle alternative a Juliette et Chocolat. On appréciera les tables en bois !
Spécial mention a la gaufre au fruit avec sa crème et sa boule de glace!!
J'ai aussi beaucoup aimé la présentation du chocolat dans de très beaux verres!

J'y retournerai!
2 succursales a Montréal, les 2 sur Ste Catherine.笑
Went for brunch here the past weekend.

Pros 

- Friendly staff
- Nice atmosphere
- Toast is amazing
- Clean


Cons

- The eggs are like rubber. I'm assuming they are done in a microwave 
- No drip coffee (don't bother with Americano. small cup and not worth the price.)
- Menu is beyond out of control. 1001 choices (my personal preference is when a restaurant sticks to a certain number of dishes rather then bringing a binder full of options.)
- The price for breakfast vs. quality is ridiculous.笑
One word: SWEET!!! 
Chocolate here, chocolate there. I took the Sweet Chocolate Experience for Two with my girlfriend and it was a lot for both of us! If you're craving chocolate, go here and you'll get out of it feeling accomplished. Prices are reasonable, very kind service. No regrets because chocolate is always worth it! The hot chocolate is wow, chocolate, you can feel the chocolate run down your throat and you can feel the aroma all the way down, while making you drool.笑
Stopped in for dessert, and was definitely not disappointed. Loved the simple, yet comforting decor. The waitress was super friendly and was really helpful when we asked her questions regarding the different types of chocolate. They brought out a tiny sip of hot chocolate and a bite of waffle to sample before we even ordered which was nice. We ended up splitting a banana, strawberry, and 55% belgian chocolate crepe. IT WAS ENORMOUS. We contemplated ordering two but thank god we didn't. It literally covered (and overflowed off) the plate. So glad we listened to the waitress's recommendation to order the 55% chocolate over the Nutella. The chocolate was just sweet enough to complement the fruit nicely. Best of all, the crepe was only $8.50! What a deal. Definitely a great place to pop in for dessert!笑
Heavenly! We tried their choco pizza and raspberry crêpe. Both tasted phenomenal. There was s huge line up but the staff tried their best to keep the line moving. The food was so amazing that it made up for the wait. The chocolate collection in the menu was diverse and for all likings. The staff were passionate and knowledgeable about the menu. They didn't rush us at all and for that we were grateful. Great company & great chocolate: a memorable night indeed. I highly recommend this emerging choco spot.笑
C'est un endroit sympa pour travailler, discuter, je n'est pas goûté à tout leurs plat. Mais le chocolat goûte bon. La décoration est bien bonne, le service est en général bon, mais pas toujours.笑
My God this place is amazing. As good, if not better than Juliette et Chocolat. I really love the fondue set and the molten chocolate drinks. All the 70%+ ones are great.  Definitely a must visit every time I'm in Montreal.笑
Décevant.
Le cadre est sympa et le service correcte, mais plusieurs déception pour ce restaurant spécialisé dans le chocolat...
Voici notre collation :
2 gaufres C70 (à base de chocolat).  - 5.50$
Avec une sauce chocolat.                  - 1.50$
De la crème fouettée.                         - 1.00$
2 chocolats chaud d'époque (dark).   -6,75$
Soit un total de 29,50$ et donc avec les taxes et le pourboire, 38,42$...
Le prix aurait été correcte si la gaufre n'était pas arrivée blanche et que le chocolat ne s'était pas transformé en un mélange de grumeaux...
Bien dommage, c'est un concept que j'aurai bien recommandé mais finalement le rapport qualité prix, n'est vraiment pas génial... Surtout que je suis un amateur de chocolat...笑
Incredible choice of chocolate inspired drinks and desserts. Friendly staff and nice crowd.  Waffles are perfect!笑
Love this location! We went in the summer on a Friday night and there was lovely live music going on outside. We had an enjoyable stay!笑
Café Resto sympa au village ! Ma crêpe fraises choco un délice et service agréable.
Décoration en bois et chaleureux. Les 2 employés m ont très bien reçu. Ai retrouvé une touche française. Je reviendrai à coup sur.笑
As I was trolling Saint Catherine's  for street art, I was feeling hungry and saw this little place.Was I ever a happy camper that I did! 

I discovered they were only ten days old. Their chalkboard welcomed all its new patrons in this comfortable space.

If you love chocolate be prepared to be here awhile to try their offerings. Upon seating they will give a sample of their hot chocolate they make in house. Then you can make your own custom drink with literally,  a world of chocolate to choose from.

Besides the noticeable array of chocolate, I came in for the crepes they served especially the savory ones.

I ordered the Europa: euro ham, Swiss cheese and parisenne sauce. Served with a spring mix salad and a light vinaigrette.  It was incredible! It completely hit the spot.  Just right amount of dressing with a surprising touch of finely diced onions. Made the salad for me.  The crepe was flavourful and filling.  I finished every single thing. Completely satisfied by the meal and finished off with a nice americano.

Service was fast and friendly. Prices I felt were reasonable. If I lived in Montreal I would be a regular.笑
Location: In the Village. The closest subway is Beaudry, and street parking is available (metered). That said, in the summer, Ste. Catherine becomes pedestrian-only so you're better off using transit and walking if you visit during the summer months.

The place: I ate on the terrace so didn't get a chance to see what it was like indoors. The terrace isn't huge but it does offer up a few tables. It's a great place to people-watch while you eat!

The goods: I stopped in for brunch and chose the vegetable frittata and a side of potatoes. The frittata consisted of eggs (obviously), spinach, onions, basil and feta. All of these goodies were oven-baked and served piping hot in a cast iron frying pan (perfect if you suddenly find yourself in need of a weapon).  When I saw the frittata, I really regretted ordering the side of potatoes - it was HUGE! Anyway, everything was great, fresh and hot. I should also mention that when you arrive, they bring you fresh fruit with melted chocolate. Yumm-O!

Service: Great. Our waitress was super friendly.

Price point:  The frittato + potatoes totaled around $15 + taxes and tip.笑
The biggest question is how do you choose out of all the options, and what do you get? So many options, so many deserts. Icecreams, waffles, crepes, tons of chocolate stuff, everything you could imagine basically. It's a great place for desert, or even for dinner if you are craving chocolate like I usually am. 

Just a note, you never get what you expect. Say you want a cheesecake, you'd expect something simple right? But instead its this huge portion, that comes with chocholate and other things as well, which is sooo good. Portions are pretty good so would be a good idea to share.笑
Perfect place for chocolate lovers :)! Huge menu with all kinds of dishes, sweet and salty. Generous portions too, so you'll for sure be full when you leave this place. Very cute interior design as well, I love everything about this place!笑
What a great place to bring your date! Their desserts are very good after a nice hearty meal from any of the many restaurants on St. Catherine.

Their crepes and fondue are simply decadent!笑
For someone with not a terribly huge sweet tooth, the options are overwhelming -- from crepes to fondue to shakes, hot chocolate and more. 

The spiced hot chocolate (CHOCOLAT CHAUD EPICE - SPECIAL CACAO 70) is supposedly a dark chocolate spiced with paprika, curry, cardamom, and espelette pepper. It was more subtle than I had expected. The flavours were really well balanced and drank rather smoothy, except it definitely is thicker than your joe schmoe powdered hot chocolate mix so it is a bit rich on the palate. $8.75.

Had a bite of the classic crepe with white chocolate (CREPE AU CHOCOLAT CLASSIQUE - AU BLANC) which actually wasn't cloying sweet (contrasted really well with my drink), but it is literally just crepe drizzled with white choc. This one seemed slightly overpriced. $7.50.

Finally, the classic chocolate fondue with dark chocolate (FONDUE AU CHOCOLAT CLASSIQUE - AU CHOCOLAT NOIR) didn't seem anything special. it was served lukewarm in a tall mug and while there was space under the mug for a candle, there was none. Still plenty molten, however, to dip the bits of banana, strawberry, pineapple, brownie, and waffle. The brownie was actually quite delicious on its own (actually more spiced than expected), but dipping it in more chocolate seemed excessive. Waffle squares were not good...could have been omitted. $9.50 for "simple" (vs. "double" - which i assume to be either two flavours or supersized)

Nice quiet place to hang out, with a patio out in front. Overall I can see this place being pretty exciting for chocolate/dessert lovers but for those just looking for a nibble of sweetness post-dinner, you'll definitely want to share.笑
This was simply awesome.  A friend recommended it and when they offered the chocolate sample when I walked in to check out the menu, done deal.

Got the grilled chicken sandwich with fries.  Both were great, but the accompanying fruit with chocolate - awww hell yeah.  (Check out the pic I posted.)

Also appreciated they let me substitute eggs with bacon.  Friendly staff.  Was surprised to see this place so quiet while all the tourists flocked to the restaurants who had a patio because it was the first nice day in a week.笑
Super assiette de brunch, omelette savoureuse et garnie, les muffins sont également très bons. Sans oublier le très sympathique serveur. 
Merci et bravo笑
For sweet or salty treats!  Recommended!  We had the fondue, Crepes, Omelets.  If you like Hot chocolate look for the special formula笑
Absolutely terrible service. The server screwed our order over and we waited for 45 minutes. Got both wrong and didn't even care to correct it!笑
Just a great place for brunch! Ordered crepe, smoothies, and Montreal breakfast. All just great. Preceded by a complimentary appetizer of fruits with hot chocolate for dipping - a nice surprise.笑
The raspberry crepe with Belgian milk chocolate is amazing! It's my go-to whenever I come here. The staff is hit and miss, sometimes it's great service and sometimes it could be better. But that crepe though, keeps me coming back...笑
Had the most amazing dark hot chocolate here. Marshmallows were weak. But I stuck with the 5 stars because I can't wait to have this again !笑
Chocolate heaven! I went twice during my recent visit to Montreal. The waffles and crepes are a must! Also their selection of coffee and hot chocolates are amazing!笑
Excellent service! Les portions sont plus que raisonable et le prix est très raisonable aussi. Petit endroit chaleureux pour les couples . Ils font également les brunchs du midi et offrent une bonne variété.

Excellent service! The portions are more than reasonable and the price is very reasonable too. Small cozy place for couples . They also do brunchs and offer a good variety.笑
Décoration et environnement chaleureux lors d'une journée d'hiver.
La carte des brunchs est variée et le gout est au rendez vous.
Les prix sont très raisonnables.笑
This chocolate café is great for anyone with a sweet tooth! So many options to choose from, and I got the hot chocolate with Tanzania chocolate (one of the darker choices). There's a menu for you to choose your chocolate from where they give the cacao content. The higher the percentage, the darker the chocolate. From the view in the booth, I could tell that this simple order was made very delicately by the cooks. The way they poured the chocolate into the round glass, to coating the rims with the chocolate you chose so you're able to taste your chocolate before the hot chocolate mixture hits your palette.

The plate came with a mug of regular hot chocolate and the special chocolate you chose in a glass. You can taste your chocolate first before pouring some of the hot chocolate in, drink it, then pour more hot chocolate in-- all while trying to drink it without marking your nose with chocolate! Mine tasted dark enough to my liking, but I couldn't even finish my drink because it was so much and I get pretty full from chocolate easily. 

Open windows in the café, so you can peer at the outdoor seating area as well as the streets. Peaceful and chic ambiance, with great music (I was so excited to hear Carla Bruni) and the customer service provided by our waitress was great, and she was super helpful in explaining how to taste and drink our chocolate!笑
This place is simply amazing.  The boyfriend and I stayed at a close by B&B in Montreal this year and decided to stroll down the street one night looking for dessert like places.  I stumbled upon this little chocolate cafe and decided to give it a try.  We ordered the fruit crepe and a semi-sweet chocolate with a shot of rum.  They were so delicious!  The chocolate had great flavors.  It was the best chocolate I had so far.笑
Great dessert place, especially for Chocolate lovers! Nice place to get together with friends. Definitely worth it to order the specialty hot cacao drinks. I loved the Venezuela choice. We were 5 and shared the Bitter Chocolate Experience for two, it was yummy and more than enough! Would be back!笑
Les desserts de Cacao 70 sont excellents, et c'est le principal. Mais il y a quelques trucs qui accrochent:

- un soir de feux d'artifices, c'était le seul commerce du Village qui était ouvert mais dont la terrasse était fermée (la rue est piétonne, il faisait très bon dehors). Résultat, nous devions attendre qu'une table se libère pour s'asseoir;
- les fraises servies avec la fondue au chocolat étaient des fraises de Californie, alors que la saison des fraises est commencée...;
- le menu (par sa longueur) et la présentation des assiettes sont génériques, un peu " banlieue ". Ils ne jouent pas la carte du petit café local, mais bien de la chaîne qui verra toutes ses assiettes faites de la même façon, à toutes les succursales;
- les nombreuses fautes dans le menu (par exemple " Les meilleures choses de la vie sont faites pour être partagER "), qui a visiblement été réalisé par des professionnels, c'est décevant.

Comme je disais, les chocolats sont excellents (jamais granuleux, à la bonne température, etc.), les brownies et gaufres sont juste bien faits, etc. Aussi, j'ai été agréablement surpris de commander un latté et de le trouver parfaitement balancé, il était parfait tant au goût qu'à la température et la présentation.
Le fait que ce soit ouvert tard est aussi un gros avantage.笑
This place is a chocolate lovers HEAVEN. My fiancee and I went here for brunch one morning, I would suggest going for dessert instead. We didn't love our meals but the fondue at the beginning and the hot chocolate was INCREDIBLE! I had the Ecuador 76% dark chocolate with the dark hot chocolate and wow. My fiancee had the milk chocolate with marshmallows and he was a happy fellow too. I would go back again, but as I said, as a dessert spot versus brunch.笑
Came here with friends to relax after a day of shopping. 
Service was attentive, and food was yummy as usual (sometimes a bit too sweet, depending o what you get).
I would come back, especially since the location is so convenient!笑
This dessert for place is on another level. My husband and I came for a little sweet treat after some having some sangria. It's has a cute cafe feel and a good sized outdoor patio section. We opted to sit inside in a comfy booth. The sweets menu was totally in French and my husband and I are anglophones. I had to rely on my rusty grade 9 french but we managed to get through. I ordered a banana split waffle and he ordered the volcano. The desserts were large portions, we probably could of split one. The fresh waffles came topped with a full banana with a caramelized sugar coating. There was a scoop of vanilla ice cream along with a milk chocolatey ganache sauce and crispy dark chocolate rice crispy type balls. Beautiful presentation. It was divine and totally satisfying. My husband loved his dessert too. Large portion sizes and amazing attention to detail defines this place.笑
If you want a dessert, look nowhere else, this is THE place!

If you had to choose between sex or dessert, go with dessert from Cacao, trust me. Not to say you can't do both, but the sex just won't compare after the dessert options Cacao has to offer. Honestly, take the extra trip to come for the sweet treats they have to offer either after lunch or dinner elsewhere. 

We opted for the Tutti-Frutti Waffle dish (which I would recommend splitting for two) which really had it all; ice cream, caramel, chocolates, dipping sauces, bananas, strawberries, and delicious waffles. Everything blended so well no matter what combinations you laced your spoon with, it was an orgasm coming at your mouth in every bite. 

I also went with a chocolate shake to wash it down and they made a proper shake with just the right amount of thickness that you can still use a straw without blowing out your cheeks trying to suck your face in for a sip. If you're only in the city for a day, this is the dessert shop to be at!笑
As usual I come here once a year and  the food is always tasty. The location is great and close to the metro worth fun things to explore around it. The meal sizes are very satisfying.  My favourite part is the complimentary appy of fruit and chocolate to start.笑
I've visited Cacao 70 on Easter Sunday, I've chosen this location because it is very close to the metro which is great especially during the winter as it avoids long walks. The service was great, the waitress who served me was very professional. I have read many compliments about the decor (and maybe my expectations were high), however, i didn't see anything original about it. I ordered their American Style Hot Chocolate which was succulent as well as their salmon which was served with bread, cream cheese, salad and scrambled eggs... Hum.... I have to say that the eggs were a bit greasy and tasteless, the rest was just a simple salad with salmon and bread nothing that I wouldn't be able to do myself at home. Despite the last part of my review, I would recommend this place because they are specialized in chocolate and honestly they handled that part very well, next time I will stick to the chocolate menu and avoid eating anything that isn't related to their theme.笑
The place is huge and empty.  So I ordered 5 chocolates to go for 10$.  It is actually cheap as I buy chocolate all the time for much more (Godiva, Grandbois and Laura Secord just to name a few)

My main concern is about presentation and it was weak.  By the time I got home everything looked like a mess, That is 1 block away.  Why not like everybody else in the chocolate business have dividers so when you open that box you are happy with what you see and then start tasting each of the gems you just purchased

Maybe charge a bit more and make sure the presentation is there.  

Friendly, hipster staff, quick service.  Acceptable since it is 5 minutes walk from my home.  I would not sit there as it feels too big and lonely.  I can buy on my way to work a  much much better overall experience

Good luck!笑
I have been here many times for dessert and they have never disappointed me. Today I decided to try their brunch and I am sad to say that I will not be returning for brunch.

The service was fast and courteous however I ordered the spinach and feta crepe with eggs. I asked for the eggs well cooked and they came runny, I sent them back and they came back runny. 

The crepe was okay but contained 95% spinach with a few speckles of feta. 

I was extremely disappointed. Montreal is full of great restaurants, if they are going to do brunch they need to step up their game. 

1 star and that's for the server.笑
Decadent and rich, whether you're getting one of their desserts or breakfast meals. 

Seriously, their dessert is so fattening and it'll get you full. It can replace your lunch, if you don't have heavy lunches or if you don't eat a lot in general. 

They'll serve you some fruits with chocolate fondue no matter what you order, kind of like how restaurants serve you bread and butter at the beginning. 

I got Fondue Triple Chocolat; a tall mug of really thick chocolate (swirl of dark, milk and white), 6 small pieces of decadent brownies, and a variety of fruits. To be honest, if I knew they'd be giving us complimentary fruits and fondue, I'd have ordered something different.....What I ordered was just like, a heavier and expensive extension of the complimentary stuff they gave.
Unless you LOVE fondue, order something different from what they're giving you already (basically, I don't recommend ordering fondue).

My friend got one of their breakfast meals for lunch, and he was very happy with it at the beginning, but later he got sick of eating it, because it's a looot of meat...ham, sausage, egg, bacon... nothing refreshing or light about it. Didn't have any veg or fruits. 

Great date place, good tourist experience. I wouldn't come back here again though...It's a little tooooo decadent (to be honest, after I had their complimentary stuff, I had had enough chocolate), and I'm not rich enough to keep coming back every time I want something sweet. I give four stars because I think you should try it at least once.笑
My friends and I found this place through Yelp during a visit to Montreal. We were debating between a few recommendations but boy we were glad we picked this one! The place is hip, the portions humongous, the food delish! This has to be one of my best breakfast/ brunch experiences. The pictures speak for themselves. Will denitely be back next time we're in town.笑
One of two favorite Chocolatier places to try out in Montreal. Multiple locations. We ended up wandering the streets of St Catherine's and ended up there on the patio. Hot day so I tried the NY chocolate Martini which didn't disappoint. Decor indoors was fun.  Definitely promoted the neighborhood feeling and staff were friendly enough. Reasonably priced with many options of different types of food and desserts - open late to enjoy.笑
My spot 4 a really genuine cacao treat. The Venezuelan as a hot chocolate  is my preferred.笑
Delicious food, awful service. We got waffles with chocolate and ice cream, and it was amazing. We were seated in the front window, which was good for people-watching, but apparently made us invisible to wait staff (I was 8 months pregnant, so it's hard to be invisible!). We had to flag someone down to take our order, and once our food arrived, we didn't see anyone for the rest of our meal. We had to go get the check and pay, and after my husband left the tip line blank, our crappy waitress had the nerve to come to our table and point out that he left it blank. We said we were leaving cash for tip to get her out of our faces, then took a cue from her and ghosted. Would done at a different location next time because the food was that good.