Worse Mc Donald's I have ever visited. 
We ordered just French Fries on the automatic order board. 
They got the orders on that system totally screwed up. We waited over half an hour for just a French fries. Totally ridiculous. Our number was 414 they were serving according to the board number 220 but it does not go by order how high or low the numbers are. It jumps all over the place. 
No order or common sense what so ever. We should have ordered in the regular old fashion order line and not on the new boards. 
My fault. 
Don't ever have to come back again.笑
Same McDoonalds as everywhere. Cheap prices for non-healthy food but the service was UNBELIEVABLY slow. Not much room where to sit compared to other McDicks on top of it. The designer literally had no idea on how to take advantage of the room for a maximum of seating.笑
Little road trip to Montreal was amazing, after our last night there while hanging out with a friend, drivinv around landed us at a downtown McDonald's.

By far the most disgusting dining room I've ever been to. Cold coffee, fruit and fiber muffin that was as hard as a brick. Might be almost as hard as Iron Man's body armor. I received a replacement muffin, but got a civics lesson on the coffee being cold because I ordered it with 2 milks. I'm sure she couldn't give an explanation for the bitter taste.笑
McDonald's is McDonald's. This location was dead slow despite there being no one waiting for service. Cashier purposefully overcharged my friends because they were dunk. Horribly rude to do that.笑
In the Village, right under the pink balls and next to 2 pokéstops. This McDo has everything to offer.

It's a tad small but given the location it's only justified.笑
Quite possibly the most raunchy McDonald's on the planet. The staff is slow and the customers are sketchy. Avoid when possible.笑
A little disorganized, but I still got my food pretty fast.  It was tasty and although the place was very crowded, it was surprisingly clean.笑
This McDonald is really really and let me reiterate really show. The service is worse than what you see in the U.S. There's a long line and it takes forever to order you food, when you do order..heh have fun waiting. But honestly just by observing this mcdonalds, I'd say because it's understaffed. 3 people on the night shift?! The manager at this establishment needs to get his head together and hire more people to run this location.