We had a great meal here, from the starters to the steaks to the fabulous wine. I had a special starter, a lobster gnocchi that was wonderful, and then moved on to the blue cheese crusted bone-in ribeye, which had a lot of flavor. I also got to try a couple of other starters - the escargot was wonderful and I liked the fried calamari and artichoke. We got a ton of sides - the mushrooms and fries were good but the creamed spinach was delicious. The waiter was super helpful picking out our wine and we really really loved the one we got. Nice view of the Bellagio fountains during dinner!笑
BOA is good, but definitely not great. A definite must-try are the nachos. Get ready to shell out some major cash and be a little disappointed. Service is impeccable, however.笑
All around classy and great place for the 8 of us to try a great steak house.
Way on top of the Forum Shops, so you have to take quite a walk to get up to the restaurant, but it was a great experience.

Everyone ordered bone-in Ribeye and Sirloin, with (a la carte) mashed potatoes, asparagus, macaroni truffle, duck liver, calamari. Everything was delicious and cooked correctly, my steak tasted a bit burnt on the outside, but the waiter did warn me about doing my steak as medium well. So it's more like 4.5/5, but the ambiance is nice. I would say it's very modern but not as 'young' as some other steakhouses I've been to on the strip. About $100 per person. One of the best steakhouses I've ever been to.笑
This place is definitely sexy. 

The steak tartare is a definite must try and is a prepared tableside with a quail egg. My girlfriend and cousin were a little apprehensive about eating raw meat but then I told them that I use to eat raw ground beef when I was 10 and I'm still alive so it raw meat can't be that bad. 

if you like martini's their "rain water" drink is a must try. 

The bone in ribeye definitely melted but it lacked that meaty robust flavor I was looking for. I would suggest going for the kobe flat iron instead.笑
We had two apps and a steak for $92 with tax & tip. If the steak was $10 less, I would have given 4* but it was a bit expensive and service was only OK. I would recommend coming here for just apps as those were big and very good. My husband had the bacon tart (he said it was good) and I had the goat cheese baklava. For steak, we tried the rib eye with herbed butter.  Sadly, the sauce was a bit bland - more a dollop of herb butter on the center than a rub or sauce. The roasted garlic was my favorite thing on the plate. The steak was a bit fatty (expected) but the outside was also well done and the inside medium to medium rare. I like uniformity in my steak. So overall, while good, it wasn't great but if you want steak in Vegas, give this place a look.笑
Compared to the other 'elite' steakhouses in Vegas, BOA is very inexpensive (still expect $40-$50 entrees though) which drew our group of 8 here. 

That being said, the service was helpful and quick. The food was well prepared and presented, and very tasty. The drink menu was a little on the sugary side, but the bartender clearly was worth his salt as my group ordered a large variety of cocktails. The steak was very good, but not among the best I've ever had. I've had $20 steaks in other places of similar quality. 

All in all, it was $110 a person which included appetizers, entrees, tip, tax, and drinks. For a special occasion in a place like Vegas, definitely a pretty decent deal.笑
Okay, so, my ex and I only picked from a limited menu that day (we were there to support Three Square and the Las Vegas Restaurant Week). . .it also happened to be the day before our 1 year anniversary, so we thought, why not make it our anniversary dinner?

And so that we did.  We had reservations at 6:30 PM but our breakfast of left over galbi, bulgogi and other Park's Korean BBQ delights couldn't hold us over 'til then, so we made our way over around 6.  I was worried that they couldn't seat us because we were there before our reservation time. . .and the worst part about arriving early to a restaurant while you're ravenous is watching everyone else around you eat.  

There was nobody there.  By this point I was nervous.  I've had bad experiences with Los Angeles's Restaurant Week, and I was preparing myself for a repeat of disaster.  However, the food was superb.

Free bread (yay!):  Buttery biscuity bread.  Mmn mmn. . .so flaky, warm and golden brown like a biscuit on the outside and yet it was pillowy-soft on the inside like freshly baked bread.  The added hint of rosemary was divine.

Calamari appetizer:  Crunchy golden brown rods with creamy buttermilk ranch type dipping sauce and a tart marinara sauce on the side.  This was good but not spectacular a la Scott's Seafood calamari provenciale.

Truffle Chips: OoooOOooOOOOooOOOOooOOOOooOOOoooooooo (this could go on for a while).  Home made, flash fried, thinly sliced, oval shaped chips with a creamy white cheese sauce and truffle oil.  So simple and yet so utterly wonderful!!  This was my favorite appetizer, and comes second to Scott's calamari.

Kobe Flank Steak: Tender, juicy, perfectly medium rare and they have this tangy steak sauce that they give you on the side that tastes like A1 but even better. I got the charbroiled broccoli and the creamed spinach as sides, and my bf got the mushrooms and the garlic whipped potatoes.  The sides were good, not great, but at least they weren't salty and inedible like the sides from Alexander's Steakhouse in Cupertino.

Creme brulee: Instead of custard-like in the middle, it had the texture very similar to flan.  Interesting, my bf liked it. . .though I think I prefer my creme brulees creamy!

Good thing there are two BOA steakhouses in LA. . .I have to visit it again sometime =)笑
Terrible bone in ribeye, let's see how the filet is.

Filet was perfect.  The manager tried to convince me that well done was medium rare.

Once thing I know is steaks.笑
Awesome steakhouse!

We came in on our x'mas dinner celebration, got seated by the window that look out to Paris & the Water show at Belagio.

The waiter took the time answer our question on the menu & offer the different special they didn't have on the menu.

Services was very good.  Food was just excellent. Highly recommend!笑
Quite possibly the best steakhouse in Las Vegas, maybe one of the best in the country!
If I was on Death Row, and granted one final meal, this would be my choice.  (Although there's no way taxpayers would pick up a bill of this size.)
I think that their Ceasar salad is the best I've had in my entire life.  They make it right next to your table, which is fun to watch.
The steaks are grilled to perfection.  Go for the Kansas City bone-in Filet Mignon, cooked Rare.  Maybe try the herb butter rub.  It is phenomenal!
You gotta just splurge sometimes, not worry about prices, and go for the best food you will ever have.笑
Exceptional service!  Not to mention the wonderful cocktails and impeccable steak!  The execution of the steak was flawless! Get the donuts.... I'm aware it's not a bakery but the donuts are marvelous!笑
BOA Steakhouse in Cesaer's Palace lacks the luster and draw of it's starry Santa Monica counterpart.  It lacks the execution found at StripSteak, CraftSteak, and N9NE.  Think of it as a minor league steakhouse with major league prices.

I recently dined at BOA with a group of 14 friends.  They were very friendly and accommodating; for a large group on a Friday night, this was a welcome surprise.  While a pleasant staff great, the food was not.

We explored the whole menu, ordering a variety of steaks, sides, and seafood.  The oysters were very fresh, and served at the right temperature.  The sides were fine, but the real red flag went up when we got our steaks.

All of our steaks came out desert dry, regardless of how they were cooked.  This was most likely due to not letting the meat rest after it was taken off the grill.  This is a total rookie move, and a mortal sin for any self-respecting chef.  

BOA is fine if you have a large group and a last minute change of plans, but there are many better options on the strip.笑
Sure, it was the most we had ever paid for a piece of meat, but it was melt-in-your-mouth-good.

Make reservations for a special occasion dinner (went here for my birthday a few years ago), dress up and head to the newest area of the Caesar's Forum Shops, up the spiral escalator, and get ready to spend what you've won at the tables.

It'll be a meal to remember, and one your taste buds will never forget.笑
I would rather throw my money into a fire fit than spend it here.

They don't know how to cook steaks, the food has no flavor, and their "crab" tasted like it was frozen and in a can.  There was a group of 10 of us and we unanimously agreed this place was one of the worst steakhouses we'd been to.  I've had better steak at Norm's for a fourth of the price.笑
Picked BOA out of the Restaurant Week options for steakhouses. It may have been the tasty food, the nice view of the strip, or just the fact that I had a great date ... but overall it was a good experience. We had the caesar salad (although not served table side), tuna tartare, and jumbo crab cake for appetizers. The crab cake won hands down. It was crispy on the outside, tender inside with a nice sauce that complimented it well. My bf got the prime filet medallions and while it wasn't bad, its not something I'd recommend. My pan seared Salmon however was delicious! Same as the crab cake,the seared crust was just so good. And the sides of whipped potatoes and snap pea risotto were okay. While our waiter was super friendly and attentive, the main course took a long while to come out. So we took our desserts to enjoy at home. The cheesecake was good but could use a little more graham crust. Chocolate donut holes were absolutely yummy!!!! I'm definitely interested in coming back and trying some stuff I saw on the menu at regular price. So good move participating in Restaurant Week, not only for a good cause but you've earned a patron.笑
Ok, TRUFFLE NACHOS.

I, being a truffle fan, was in overload at the abundance of truffle based items. But...TRUFFLE NACHOS!!!  I have no idea how I have made it this far in life without them.笑
Shawn Marion was here dining with his family.  He was cool, gave my buddy a pound and graciously took a pic with him since it was his bachelor party (yes we were one of those groups).  

Let me just say for the prices, I was expected a LOT more.  Aside from the wagyu beef (more on this later), everything else was typical steakhouse.  But for the price, I expected top tier steakhouse ala Ruth's Chris.  I would say it's a step and a half below RC and better than Outback but not two times better as indicated by the prices.  I got the blackened ribeye which was cooked well but the rub on it tasted like one of those grocery store dry rubs.  Mashed potatoes were bland and boring, asparagus was grilled but unseasoned, mushrooms were ok.  

The wagyu beef however was awesome.  In this case you get what you pay for (aka $16/oz min order of 6 oz).  But the meat was perfectly cooked and literally melted in your mouth.  My buddy let me have a bite and I love him for it.  

Our waiter was good enough but the service wasn't spectacular or anything.  The food was rushed out and placed in front of you as if you were at Friday's, i.e. placed hastily on your table without any pride.  

Dessert was also pedestrian.  Probably won't be coming back.笑
IS NOT what it was raved to be! place is small..steaks were mediocre taste, i swear i could have gone to a whatever steakhouse and tasted better..steak was kinda burnt and dry after ordering for medium well!..i questioned the fact that this place had good reviews but only 3 other couples eating here including us.. i dunno what it is, but this place did not set in my mind.. i only went here from the reviews.. but its was poor bullcrap!..dont waste ur money.. ur better off at smith and wollenskys on the strip..!! i expected a better 23rd bday dinner.. blah!笑
Calling all carnivores, you will not be disappointed! In fact you will be inclined to order more and more of whatever deliciousness has touched your lips once you've dined at BOA. Our waiter was genuinely excited about the menu and his recommendations.笑
One of the nicest restaurant I've been to. The food was really good especially the lobster tail, the chef cut it after he served it to me and had a variety of water to choose from. After I finished a plate it was taken away in no time. The people were very polite. Overall the dinner was amazing, the dimmed lights all around were nice too.Towards the end spent about $315 with 4 people not including a few free deserts the chef gave us, so we tipped him $85.笑
Hello truffle nachos! I've been looking forward to this appetizer ever since making a reservation at Boa and it didn't disappoint! The "nachos" are actually fried potato chips with melted Gruyere cheese and truffles on top, but it was excellent. Who would've thought that I'd also be raving about their dinner rolls! They are served hot and are light and fluffy...almost like a biscuit. Oh man was it good. The star of the show was their special for the night: filet mignon with a pile of crab and lobster meat on top with a barnaise sauce. The beef and crab/lobster combo was excellent, although the seafood was a little on the rich side. The sides that were ordered (cheddar and bacon mashed potatoes and grilled broccoli) were good, but it didn't blow me away. I couldn't even taste the cheese in the mashed potatoes. 

The service was in a class by itself. On the way to getting seated, I was practically greeted five times by the restaurant staff. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the dishes, even giving me pointers on what not to order with my steak. The water glass was always full and plates were taken away in a timely manner.

It really should get 4.5 stars. There's just something that didn't put this experience over the top but it was a great experience anyway. I wouldn't mind coming back here if someone else paid. :-)笑
It was very trendy...nice environment!  We ate here when it first opened and I just remembered the environment not really the food-it was forgettable!笑
This is a real let-down of a Steakhouse.  Are they even serving Prime Beef?  I really hope so, but can't tell from their steaks.

That being said, their Kobe burger is pretty good for lunch, and you can get sushi as your side.  Talk about a decadent Vegas lunch.  It's my signature.笑
We went there this past Saturday night 08/16/2008. We were walking around Caeser's looking for a good steak spot and this just happened to be something we noticed. We were seated pretty quickly by the hostess as there was no one really there at around 8:00 pm. Most people showed up around 9:00 pm or so, I guess in Sin City people just eat later. Well the first knock was the fact that it took them about 5-10 minutes just to have a waiter come by and give us menus. They did give us the wine menu when we first sat down, so i guess if you are a big wine drinker then thats good I guess.

The server was a middle aged man, handed us the menus and took our drink orders. A little bit later, a younger gentleman stopped by and told us about the specials of the day and so forth. Nothing really impressive, just some expensive Kobe beef they were selling by the ounce. 

My second knock on this place is that they take forever to refill your drinks, i actually had to remind the waiter that my drink needed to be refilled even though he stopped by our table to see how we were doing. 

So we ordered the calamari and artichoke appetizer, the porterhouse for me and the kansas city bone in fliet mignon for my GF. The appetizers came out pretty quickly, but why would you name the appetizer calamari and artichoke when there is obviously only one peice of artichoke in the dish? It was nothing sepctacular. i have had better calamari at Sam Woo. 

So we are enjoying ourselves and waiting for our food, there was a couple who sat down about 15-20 minutes after us and they received their main course. I looked over and thought it was kind of peculiar that even though we had appetizers that they would receive the main course before us. But i let it go, thinking that maybe because of what we ordered it would take a tad bit longer.

Funny thing is, that about 10 minutes later I see the same young waiter we had come by with an order slip and look at the table next to us, checking the order slip and what was in front of the other table, once that happened I knew they had given our order to the wrong table. I also could guess when i saw that the woman at the other table had a porterhouse in front of her, not saying she cant eat it, just saying that she probably wouldnt order the biggest steak on the menu.

So we wait and wait and wait. The older waiter comes by and tells us our food is on the way, we say okay thank you. Once again even though he stopped by our table he didnt notice our drinks needed to be refilled. 

The younger waiter than proceeds to come out with what looked like chips topped with some white cream sauce and says that its on the house. I tell him that i would rather not and proceed to ask him why it is taking so gosh darn long for our food. He says that they messed up the order, i then ask him if the table next to us received our order, he tells me honestly, yes they did.

Two things that pissed me off, first off, you could have come to me right away and explained the situation instead of making me wait 20-30 minutes before finally letting me know. Second thing, dont give me chips and some stupid sauce and think that i can be bamboozled by this gesture. Ridiculous. 

So by the time the food comes out, its been about 30-45 minutes since we finished out appetizers. The steaks we had were okay, nothing to write home about. I will say that my porterhouse wasnt the best cut and apparently they have a different interpreation of what medium rare is. 

A manager came by later and gave us his fake apologies and told us he would take care of it for us. He took off my steak, which i really didnt care about. You would think that if i had decided to come to somewhat of a pricey place that i wouldnt mind paying for what i ate, so for them to take off one steak for us did me nothing.

All in all, a really bad choice on my part for picking this place. Might have well choose the place downstairs, Joe's or something. Would I recommend this place to someone? No, i wouldnt, steak is average at best, service is laughable.笑
Had an incredible meal yet again.   Somehow we always return to Boa when we are in Las Vegas for our one special dinner.  It is always reliable and we are NEVER the least bit disappointed.  Steaks done to perfection, BLT salad wonderful.  Husband and son loved the lobster potato although for me,  just too much with a steak dinner.  My only wish was that we would get the table I requested; one of the ones facing the strip.  Although this is the second time, I have to be fair as we did change our reservation to a 1/2 hour later and I am guessing the request was lost.  It was a perfect meal with impeccable service though,  to say the least!笑
Kobe beef rib eye = to die for笑
Had a good time there with a couple of friends a few nights ago.   The place was pretty dark, even for a steakhouse so I'm assuming that the reviewer who mentioned that it was extremely bright probably went there for lunch.  

The jumbo prawns were great and I highly recommend them.  One of my friends ordered the Petite Filet Mignon which they said was cooked to perfection.  We were there for a birthday so they brought out a Creme Brulee for us to share as well as a very bright sparkler that almost lit up the whole restaurant.

The service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive without being over bearing and brought our food and drinks in a timely manner.  The only thing that I didn't care for was how loud the restaurant was.  We had made the reservation on Open Table and requested a quiet spot, but we were seated nearby a large party.笑
beautiful place. :) 

AND apparent favorite of George Clooney! :)i can tell why he liikes this place. first of all, it looks like $$$! lol. it looks really expensive. but thats what makes it a beautiful place sometimes :)

SO today was one of dads "get whatever you want, dont worry about the money" type days. and we just so HAPPENED to spot BOA's :)

We go in. Customer service is great. they lead us into our table and give us menus. my waiter even did my napkin for me! haha. it was dark and i LOVE dark restraurants. it just gives off that feel. that hecka subtle dark moody feel.

theres a sheet of paper that they call a menu that you order from. one sided. i guess it was because we arrived lunchtimeish. but there was plenty that we wanted to eat. so it was good
 
i ordered the bone in filet mignon. my sister got the porterhouse. and my dad got the SHOOT I FORGOT! -_- but it was just OK. my bone in filet mignon however was delicious. a bit salty and a bit burnt lol i had a slight charred taste in my mouth for a while haha. but was delicious. perfect red smack in the middle. beautiful. didnt cut as well as texas roadhouse but goooood. it was a good 12 ounce. if you dont know what a 12 ouncer looks like, imagine your fist rolled up. thats what it looks like haha.

 My sisters porterhouse was 16 ounces. more bigger than my filet mignon but lacked in that much flavor. personally i liked mine MUCH better then hers but she said she liked hers more than mine ,so (shrug)

my mom and child sister ordered sandwiches. WHICH WERE DELICIOUS. and affordable. 

steaks were around 20-34 dollars. sandwiches around 14-20.

OMOMGOMGOMGOGOMG forgot about the bread! you have to ask for it so that they give it to you. but WOW good. like definetly. good. super hot and warm. deliciousss

hmm.. i guess a couple drawbacks to this otherwise perfect steakhouse would be the wait. and the cost. i honestly didnt think my money was worth it here and the wait was way too long. my dad ordered coffee after dinner and it took well over 20 minutes. -_-笑
I've been here a bunch of times, and it's always a good meal.  The steaks are good, served to the temperature you ask, and the tableside Caesar salad is amazing!  Luckily, though, I always go on the company dime, since this place is so expensive!  Of course, it's Vegas...it's a steakhouse, but boy it seems expensive.  

That being said, I've always had fun there, always enjoyed the food, so I'd say it's a good choice...if you're not paying.

Definitely get the Caesar salad.  They make it tableside whether one person orders it or the whole table.  It's fun to see and they make it spicy with some red pepper and hot sauce.  It's amazing to see how much damn oil and cheese goes into it, but also fun.  The result is always delicious!  I also like the jumbo shrimp appetizer...but it's like $20 for 3 shrimp!  Like I said, pricey. I think the cheapest steak is $40..up to $50.  I like the bone-in Kansas City Filet.  The bone adds flavor, and it's better than the Petite Filet...in my opinion.  

This place is a good, solid steakhouse with a modern flair.  They serve yummy fancy drinks, too...and the wine list is extensive.笑
Ceasar salad. Normally, I would have passed on the offer but the allure of table side creation pulled me in. Hands down the best ceasar salad I have had in a restaurant. The preparation was excellent. Notably the ingredients included tobacco sauce which added a wonderful kick and picked up the garlic flavor. I am not a fan of Vegas steakhouses but now I sing a different song. Don't miss this experience (and the view is pretty remarkable).笑
Went here for my birthday last year.  I know there is a location closer to my place, but I still wanted to try their location in LV anyway.  We got seated promptly near the patio.  It was February and it was too cold to eat in the patio even if it had a better view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  Their service was very good.  We ordered steaks, salmon on planks and for me the spoiled bday girl that I was got the large lobster.  Our server even took my lobster out of the shell for me and was constantly ensuring that everything was okay at our table.  My cousin's bf was trippin everytime his napkin was getting folded whenever he got up to check out the views or go to the restroom.  I even recall one of their employees rushing to get to the door to open the restroom door for me.  Wow.  Awesome customer service aside from the good food.笑
I ate here a few months ago and had the $50 Groupon for lunch since the expiration date snuck up on me and I had to use on the day it expired. 
The place was quite empty for lunch and I asked for the dinner menu.
I started out with the Goat Cheese Bakava. This was as good an appetizer Ihave had anywhere and wanted to lick the pate clean. If I knew this would be this unreal I would of ordered 3 of these. For my meal I had the 40 Dry aged New York strip and Bacon/Cheddar Potatoes. 

The potatoes were ok but, nothing special and the steak was very tough and had a strange flavor. I am unsure if this is because of it being dry aged or not but, I really did not like it. However I will try the restaurant  again someday but, I am not in a rush.笑
I went to BOA a couple of months ago with my girlfriend for a romantic date. I had super high expectations from the start. The staff there was very friendly and made you feel comfortable. We first started the night with some amazing drinks that the waiters recommended. When I opened the menu I was blown away with the prices of the steaks, but I said lets do it. The steaks we ordered were top of the line greatness. I tad bit out of my price range but well worth it. I believe I went into a food comma after we left because that was the end of my night. I cant wait until my next Vegas trip, I will go back to BOA.笑
Very modern design steak house as if you're in a lounge... well it felt like a lounge.

Food was superb!!笑
There were two very large trade shows in town and it was the week leading up to the Super Bowl so finding a table was going to be tough.  Boa was able to sit us within 30 minutes.

We spent our 30 minutes in the bar/lounge area.  It is a nice area, and they have a very good wine and liquor selection.

We were fortunate enough to get a seat by a window.  We were able to catch a glimpse of the strip and saw the fountain show at the Bellagio while we waited for our meal.

The food is very good.  I orderd the filet mignon medium rare with a blue cheese crust.  It was prepared perfectly and tasted great.  The food is ala carte so we ordered the onion brick and truffle oil fries for the table.  The onion brick was ok.  The fries were great.  I love fries prepared in truffle oil.

The service we recieved was very good.  The environment is great.  It is worth the money for the occasional special meal.笑
Upon arriving ON TIME for the reservation made two weeks prior, we were told that the only table available was in front and outside of the restaurant, facing stores on the top floor of the mall.  Which I found simply degrading.  I didn't make reservation here so I could be eating with the view of mall shoppers.  We told the hostess we'd wait at the bar for the next table available in the main dining room, to which she begrudgingly replied that the wait could be up to an hour.  The wait was less than 5 minutes.  We were led to our table before even being able to order drinks.

The experience seemed to have kicked off with a very unappetizing attitude.  Thank goodness, it was saved by 1. Absolutely delicious cocktails; 2. A delightful and gracious waiter who comped us a bottle of red, because "you're here to have fun!"; and 3. Steak, mouth watering, juicy, medium rare petit fillet (for me) rubbed in herbed butter with a side of roasted garlic.  

We're a group of (on average) 5'5", 120lbs female carnivores.  And we all had the Joey Tribbiani determination to finish every bite in our black cocktail dresses.  So we did, in addition to some tuna tartare, smoked salmon, a side of broccoli, a side of mushrooms, and finally creme brulee to finish off.

I wish the bitchy hostess was not there so I could give this place 5 stars.  As I thought about telling her off on my way out--- I signed my much-better-than-expected check and decided to let it go.  After all I AM a lady.笑
I had to coordinate a coed Bachelor/Bacheloretter dinner for 26 people and BOA was extrememely accomodating to our large party. It was the only high-end restaurant I called that did not need me to place my arm and leg for a security deposit. They were also the most lenient on changing my reservation. I must have change my reseveration size 5 different times.

Onto the food now. Since we had such a large party, I had to do a fix menu. There were different tiers and styles to choose from but I ended up choosing the tapas style dinner. This is perfect since there wasn't overly expensive nor too filling. It was enough food to satisfy us but not enough to send us into a food coma before we went out for the night.

Great atmosphere, great service, and great food.笑
Good food, great drinks - enough said - it's Vegas - you can't expect me to remember all the details笑
Having dinner at a restaurant on New Year's Eve can sometimes be an "iffy" experience, so I was more than pleasantly surprised to have fabulous service, fabulous food, and a fabulous experience!

the bread was amazing, my fish flakey and delicious, and the desserts.... yum!  The wine list was extensive and the wait staff was very attentive.

Highly recommend - we will go back next time we're in Vegas!笑
All the way on the third floor of the new Ceasers Palace, is BOA steakhouse. This is yet another steakhouse transplanted from a tiny original version situated on Sunset Blvd at the Grafton Hotel. This restaurant in LA is such a hot spot, well it used to be anyway. 
The decor of the LA store is super fab, intimate, and dark. BOA in Las Vegas attempts to capture the LA store but it is far larger and more open. I do like the food here though. Steaks come out hot in skillets almost and they can be carved for you table side. Sides are inventive, as many new steakhouses are now days. I will say, the view here is cool, and they have a fun patio that looks out to the strip. 
The place is really far out of the way, I would recommend valet parking at the forum shops from the strip entrance and going up the elevator, but the walk out to the casino is for real fifteen minutes, don't wear your jimmy choo's.笑
Fantastic food and service.  My wife and I both had the filet - each was cooked perfectly to our specifications.  The lobster mashed potatoes were great, and the desserts were wonderful.  Its away from the casino so there was no smoky air.  The staff was extremely attentive.  It was an anniversary dinner and our desserts were accompanied with a firework.  Will be back.  The occasion was perfect.  Thanks BOA!笑
This place is a tradition by now; friends and I come here at least once a year. We love especially the table side Caesar and the truffled mac & cheese. Recently, I diverted and got the Bleu cheese wedge salad that I found to be very refreshing. I ordered the New York strip medium rare, cooked to perfection, but I couldn't finish it! What a shame, because it was so good. I foolishly ordered a baked potato on the side, which was gigantic but very well prepared. I also ordered the asparugus spears; they were delish and made my pee stink real good. I love BOA!笑
Dined solo here for a late lunch.  

With the combination of low season & dining hour, reservations are not necessary at all.

All the staff I came into contact were professional and quite hospitable.  

My server allowed me to choose seating inside the restaurant & suggested facing the mall for a good view.  

The sommelier was sharp w/wine & threw in a FREE wine flight.  I was loaded: 3 EXTRA 2 oz glasses of wines to sample, all fantastic.  One from the Willamette Valley-currently my favorite region.

Boa bread is normally baked in house at the Southern CA locations.  In LV, they bake their own rosemary rolls, reminiscent of the texture of a biscuit, but fluffier & nicely scented.  I couldn't finish the whole roll and packed it away for later.

I was given the option of ordering from the dinner menu also.  My server was unsure if the Steak Tartare was available and I let him know I would be more than happy to replace that item with a petite filet.  He could have easily told me the lower priced item was unavailable, and garnered a larger tip with the bigger ticket item, but he didn't.  

Snacked on:
Prime Steak Tartare $16
Simple, elegant presentation, all the ingredients mixed at the table.  I loved that I was aware of everything being put into my food.

Baby Greens $9
Large amounts of mixed greens lightly dressed.  

TO-GO item:
Steak sandwich $14
Generous strips of tri tip on ciabiatta bread & a creamy fragrant sauce.  The shoe string fries were sprinkled with herbs.  

Total tab: $65.73

A steal for a glass of wine while dining, FREE wine flight, a light snack, a glass of wine to go while shopping and TWO more mini-meals.

I was raving about the service and food.  I'll definitely be back to dine on a hunka seared cow.笑
My party of five dined at BOA on 9/17/11.  We read many reviews and decided to try this place since we all love steaks.  We were not disappointed in the food, but we could not rate it above CUT at the Palazzo or Stripsteak in Mandalay Bay.  

That night's off the menu appetizer were escargot and French onion soup.  We tried the escargot.  The dish came with toasted bread and it was very good.  

We ordered the bone-in ribeye, petite filet, and bone-in filet.  All came out perfectly cooked, but we expected nothing less from a fine establishment such as BOA.  I really like the side dishes-the chipotle lime corn was fantastic with just the right amount of heat and tartness. Asparagus dish was grilled nicely, not overcooked and dried out like some restaurants. The mac-n-cheese with truffle oil was excellent-much better than the one at CUT.  We also ordered the fries, but the ones at Stripsteak were by far better than these.

The wait staff was very experienced.  They were courteous, prompt, and polite, couldn't ask for more.

Overall, it was a good experience, but nothing screamed WOW for us.  

If I had to rate the three top steakhouses in Las Vegas, it would be Stripsteak, then CUT, then BOA.笑
I would give BOA a 3.75 star rating.

We waited 30-40 minutes for a table even with reservations.  The hostesses didn't seem to be very apologetic when we asked what was taking so long.  We just waited at the bar and ordered some drinks.  The special drinks there are just ok and overpriced.  

Once we sat down, everything went smoothly.  We ordered a couple bottles of wine and the following:

Chilled Jumbo Prawns- good (it's pretty hard to mess this up)
Goat Cheese Baklava- amazing and unique
Calamari & Artichoke- very tasty

Petite Filet Mignon and Lobster Tail- this was a HUGE dinner.  The filet was cooked perfectly and I ordered bernaise on the side.   The lobster tail was enormous (check out the pictures)
Garlic Mashed Potatoes- YUM
Sauteed Spinach- perfectly seasoned and cooked

A great place to go if you have a large group.笑
Okay, this is the second time I've been here. The first time, I literally had one bite of the strip steak(was super drunk/hungover). It was so tasty I came back to actually have an entire portion this time. It was good. As was the porterhouse, the ribeye, and the kobe flat iron. Next time i will have the kobe flat iron. it was offered as part of a $65 prix fixe menu. And it was heaven.

Service was excellent. The staff also sent out a special dessert with a sparkler candle for the new college graduate we were celebrating.

The ladies in the group seemed to really like the "crush" drink offered. Has a very distinctive lychee flavor. 

Easy to reserve, good food, good service.笑
When we used to live in Vegas this was our go to spot when we wanted a steak - the best times were going late at night after the rush and sitting out on the patio with a view of the strip.  

The food was always what I expected with great and friendly service.笑
OMG the oysters were so so so so so good~! I loved the layout and the decor of BOA~! Ive been to the Santa Monica location and the Vegas location did not disappoint me at all~!笑
There is a reason BOA Steakhouse is considered one of the top steakhouses in Las Vegas. They deliver a wonderful steak, excellent side dishes and attentive service.

My wife and I dined here the day after Thanksgiving 2011 and, not surprisingly, the restaurant was somewhat empty at 6:45pm (but it is also Vegas, so 6:45pm is more like lunch).

Atmosphere:
Coming from the bright and noisy Caesar's Palace Forum Shops into the restaurant is a drastic change of scenery. The restaurant is very dark and surprisingly quiet. Patrons immediately see a large bar area and a giant wine chilling room stocked with bottles before reaching the main dining area in the back. Large windows provide a view of the neon world outside.

Appetizer:
We started with the Steak Tartare and it was decadent. The raw steak is mixed at the table with 6 different herbs and a raw egg. It was one of the best Steak Tartares I have eaten.
 
Entree:
I selected the Bone-in Kansas City Filet and I was very pleased with my choice. The medium rare filet was so tender, it was actually difficult to cut, but eating it was sensational. The marbling was rendered edible and not gristly at all...very nice! Melted herb butter topped off the succulent steak for an amazing taste and texture experience. Perfectly-prepared mashed potatoes with sour cream and chives rounded out the plate.

Drinks/Desserts:
After consuming more than our share on Thanksgiving Day, we opted out of drinks and desserts, so I cannot comment there. However, friends tell me the mixed drinks at BOA are above average.

Service:
The service was top notch. Our waiter was attentive, but not overbearing. The bus and water people came when needed and were quick.

Other:
About the only thing resembling a complaint is the overly-cushy seats. They made the table a little higher than standard, but this was not a major issue. Prices were similar to Ruth's Chris & Morton's, but the quality food was much better. Kudos for being able to book on Open Table straight from my phone.

We will be back to BOA the next time we are in Las Vegas.笑
Really good food & friendly service. I had a beet salad that was awesome and a pretty good burger. I would recommend this place笑
I mean, it's in a mall.  How much can you expect, really?

The drinks are great.  Food 'aint.笑
My first experience with Boa was with the LA location. While I enjoyed my experience in the Vegas one, LA topped it for me.

I came here for a friend's birthday. Called in advance to make sure they knew it was for a bday, get the whole sparkles, etc lol. Maybe they only do this in LA? I had a triple birthday in LA and we got sparkles, comped dessert etc and had an amazing dinner. All we got was a waiter walking by saying, hey, it's your birthday? Cool... really??? 

While the food was exceptional, Kansas Bone in Steak, Kobe Spaghetti & Meatballs (yes, I know, but it was GOOD), Fully Loaded Mashed Potatoes, and dessert of mango sorbet., the service could have been better.  My tip, as I wrote for LA location: ORDER THE CAESAR SALAD!! Made table side. 

If I come back to this location, it is for the food.笑
I hate to say it, but I'm not a fan of BOA's lunch.  I was so looking forward to a great lunch experience, since it is a very popular restaurant among the stars.  Unfortunately the food was dry, bland, and boring, much like this review.  Will I eat here again?--maybe.  I'll give dinner a try and update this review in about six months.笑
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaay overpriced... but they did surprise me with a better-than-expected meal. 3.5 stars.

We had a large party, so we were assigned a pre-fixe meal. Okay, so $100 a person got us only a petite filet, and some appetizers and dessert served family-style, so it was VERY overpriced. However, I was pleasantly surprised. 

The appetizers were okay but not mind-blowing... steak tartare was okay, crab cake was decent, and the truffle nachos just seemed like Lays potato chips with some truffle oil and melted cheese on top. Meh.

The steak was larger than I expected for a "petite", and it was perfectly cooked. The flavor was pretty good, as well.

The sides that came with the meal was probably the highlight. The truffle mac-n-cheese was EXCELLENT.. with macaroni (more like.. pasta) that was cooked al dente, and a distinct truffle flavor. Too bad they kind of went stingy on that one and didn't give us enough plates. The creamed spinach was good, and the fried crispy onions, though not special by any means, served as a decent filler. 

The chocolate-filled beginets with dipping sauces and the chocolate cake were great. I didn't care so much for the s'mores thing and the cheesecake, but they weren't bad.

Okay, so the perfect indicator of the ridiculous cost of this restaurant is that their wines had a 2.5-3x markup. Ripping us off, don't you think?笑
best steak and service in Vegas. The filet mignon and bone-in filet were tender and juicy, amazing. Do get the chocolate-filled donuts, not on the menu, for dessert....orgasmic. Great atmosphere and music...highly recommended to anyone who wants an amazing steak at a great place.笑
First, I heart the hostess (cute, nice, proper)!  When we got inside, we hung out at the bar while they got  our table ready.  I like to be consistent, not only because I order what I like, but it helps me to compare places fairly.  I got my usual Tanq gimlet and some drinks for my friends, and was wondering why it was taking a bit longer than usual seeing as we were the only ones at the bar.  I still dont know why, but when I got my drink, it was THE BEST, BY FAR gimlet I have ever had.  I couldnt stop talking about it or thinking about it (lush?).  Whatever they added or did, it was more balanced and sweeter.

When we were sat the real fun continued.  I ordered the NY since its what I always get and it happened to also be the most expensive item (46), along with a side of asparagus.  The bread they brought out for us while they prepared our entrees was good, typical nice restaurant good.  

Then the entrees came...

If you took an audio-only recording of our table, it could easily be mistaken for a 5 person porno.  We were all very impressed!  I ordered my steak MR and it was perfect.  The steak wasnt overly dressed, they let to quality of the meat do the most talking.  The asparagus was soft while still retaining the nice crispness you'd expect.  By the end of it, not only did we have a great steak, but we were full!!  I had abandoned the asparagus to ensure that I finished the steak even.

All in all, an absolutely flawless experience.  Server was perfect, charismatic, informative, attentive without being a nuisance.  We will definitely be back!笑
I've since returned to BOA and this time for lunch.  My 3 stars remains the same for now... but I've been able to try a few more dishes so.. time to update.

As I said, we returned for lunch so the restaurant was far less full and the menu a bit more limited.  You have a choice of several appetizers, soup of the day, about five salads, a burger, a few sandwiches, and a smaller list of entrees.   

We sat in the front so that we could people watch, which is always fun... and the staff was great... really down to earth, quick on the draw with the cocktails and very fast to remove the charge for a mistake on the order and comp us a round of drinks.  

We ordered the beef tartare (we thought we ordered tuna but that was a mistake), goat cheese baklava, prawn cocktail and the BLT salad to share.   The staff was very helpful in deciding how much would be enough for 3 girls to share but not spoil their dinner later. 

I thought the beef tartare left a lot to be desired.  I am usually a fan of the dish and the presentation was pretty (they cracked the egg and mixed it tableside) but I just didn't care for the texture (the meat was not very finely ground) or the flavor (a bit bland).

I was a fan of the prawns last time but this time around they seemed a bit dried out.  Might skip that next time.

The goat cheese baklava is a new favorite.  All three of us thought this was a real standout.   The combination of textures and flavors was wonderful..  from the paper thin phyllo and the creamy, tangy cheese, to the drizzle of honey and sprinkle of pistacios, right down to the bit of frisee salad with candied orange peel.  Would definitely like to have this again... and I ain't sharin'.  ;-)

The salad was also very good.  I can't say that it's more exciting than anything else I've had but I think it's great light lunch fare to grab a salad and the baklava and call it a day.

Well.. and of course... the famous 405 cocktail has to be on the agenda too.  Still delicious...笑
Boa Steakhouse, located at the top of The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace, is a beautiful & hip place to be on the Las Vegas Strip, especially for NEW YEARS EVE getting ready to ring in 2012.  That being said, the serving of our "Porterhouse for  2" didn't quite meet the glitter & glammar that is Las Vegas.  Coming from Southern California, most of the finer, gourmet steak houses (etc Ruth Chris, Arroyo Chop House, Mortons, Maestros.....even Boa, Santa Monica) will serve your Porterhouse for 2 at the table, dividing both the strip steak & fillet equally where both individuals have pieces from each side, respectively.  Boa Las Vegas divides their Porterhouse for 2 in the kitchen, and is brought to the table where 1 person gets all of the strip steak while the other person gets all of the fillet side.....UNBELIEVABLE being served in this style at such a well established steakhouse.  When asking the waiter about this, he said that "HE usually will divide the Porterhouse at the table BUT, he could bring it back to the kitchen to divide it properly, should I wish!"  I said sure AND upon bringing back our Porterhouse for 2, the whole strip steak portion was cut to pieces and served to my wife while the whole fillet portion was also cut to pieces and served to me.......WOW.  The look by the waiter was suggestive of "I don't know what's wrong with you.....don't know how to cut steak or what?"  My sister who had suggested Boa Steakhouse for our New Years Eve rendezvous was embarrassed & appalled in the way my wife & I were served.  Next, they'll probably say there was a new chef in the kitchen for New Years Eve that didn't know what he/she was doing.  This makes me apprehensive to come back for a second chance at this restaurant  because this should have been one of the best dining experiences of my life in Las Vegas.笑
Well we both wanted a burger and were about to head to Burger Bar (tried and true), well yadda yadda yadda,  $150 bucks and this review later...

Once we got to BOA  we thought we should totally get steaks. So we did and ended up  full but disappointed. Drinks were good. Service was okay. Loved the decor.

I got the special (not with a special price) Oscar Filet, ordered medium rare. The server initially brought me the wrong meal, but promptly took it away and was replaced quickly with my correct order. The filet was a bit over medium rare, the lobster/crab mix on top was good, the bernaise sauce made the dish, helped moisten the steak and flavor the seafood. Asparagus on the side was good, done nicely.
My husband (he wanted me to give them 2 stars) got the Rib Eye which we were told by the waiter is the best on the strip...it wasn't.  It too was ordered medium rare and was a bit over cooked. It was a bit dry and lacked seasoning. we asked for salt (there's none on the tables) and we got a dish of sea salt and truffled salt, which helped things. We shared the loaded mashed potatoes, they were too heavy and just tasted junked up, too much bacon and cheese.

We over all thought it was an alright experience, but totally not worth the money. Kicking myself...Should've just gotten the burger.笑
I think it is unfair for me to review a steakhouse - being a vegetarian and all that. I was returning a favor to my colleagues who bravely showed up in Gaylords India (read my other review) - the day before and to accommadate their palate. I found the Goat Cheese Baklava pretty interesting and tasty. A few martinis helped and I ordered a non-menu Pasta with veggies that tasted pretty reasonably ok. Overall, not a bad experience.笑
Warning....  vegetarian at at steakhouse!  I don't mind going to a good quality steakhouse because generally they have excellent sides.  And this place proves that point!

Salads are good, great dressings.  All vegetable side dishes were excellent but the highlight for me was truffle mac n cheese...  yum!

The other girls loved their steaks.  Also, the desserts are phenomonal.  My favorite, creme brulee!

Drinks were very good, but I was disappointed a few of the coctails they ran out of so I had to switch mid-meal.

My only complaint was our waiter.  He had no personality and no sense of humor and was actually annoyed by our questions.  We had a big group of 8 ladies and we saw another big group next to us having fun w/there waiter and wished he would come to our table.笑
Went there for a bachelor party this past weekend, and I must say, more bad than good.. this may have just been my experience, but I think it's worth getting documented:

* The service was a mix of ok and bad.  the main waiter was friendly, but too chatty, pushed stuff on us we didn't have any interest in, and tended to talk in too much schtick, not that genuine
* the drinks waiter was just bad - a few folks had to go through multiple iterations to get it right
* we sat "downstairs" and out on the terrace.  great views and a really nice night, except that the kitchen and bathrooms are upstairs - meaning to go to the bathroom, you need to take an elevator!  if they mess up your drink, they need to walk up 2 flights of stairs to get it fixed
* prices were ok, but hey, you're in vegas, if you're looking at the prices, go home :-)
* the side dishes were quite ordinary, a few folks thought they were worse than that.
* the bachelor of all people had to send his steak back, it was raw... ouch!

what was good:
* the salad was delicious, great and fresh
* the wine list was impressive and lots of magnums for large parties
* great location, right in the middle of the strip, inside the Caesar's forum shops
* the tuna was good, others like the steaks (i didnt get one)

too many other good places in vegas to eat for to ever return.笑
Great place for a special occasion dinner.

The (huge!) steaks we ordered were done to perfection.  My favorite was the side dish of truffled mac n cheese - SO good!  Also, since the weather was nice, we sat on the outdoor patio which overlooked the strip.  It was a great view.  

Also, you can't come here without trying one of their delicious cocktails (I had one with a rum created by the restaurant)- so yummy!

Don't come here before a night out on the town...you want to eat a lot of the rich, delicious food they serve without the pressure of having said food bouncing around inside you on your way to a club...that could lead to a bad night, and consequently a bad review for BOA on yelp.

love this place.  it was romantic :)笑
Dinner with my wife and her girlfriends.  A classic steakhouse specializing in aged steaks.  My wife and I started at the bar with great drinks served by friendly and attentive staff while we waited for the rest of our party.  The seating area at the bar i a combo of bar stools and wrap around couches that create a very comfortable but upscale ambience.  We moved to our table and had a meal that was simply fabulous.  i had the porterhouse with asparagus.  The steak comes with a whole roast garlic clove garnished with a sage twig.  do yourself a favor and extract a couple of the cloves to eat with your steak --- DELICIOUS!  My steak was butter tender and the asparagus sprouts were huge and tender throughout.  Our waiter was attentive and engaging.  He advised on not only the dishes but the wine list and desserts.  We were celebrating two (2) birthdays and the waiter suggested we allow him to select a dessert sampler.  What a great choice!  He brought the sparklers and desserts.  They topped off a great evening.  Highly recommended.  I will definitely put this on my list every time I am in Vegas.笑
I have been to the BOA Steakhouse in Santa Monica before.  I gave BOA in Santa Monica 3 stars too because they couldn't cook the meat right, their Wagyu steak was too dry and their sides were too salty but their ambiance is great. (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=EpAkqFJLjztmlAscrTfh_Q&q=BOA) 

BOA Steakhouse in Caesar's palace was a complete opposite.  The ambiance was horrible, seating was uncomfortable and the lighting was too strong it nearly blinded us.  Service was pretty laid back for a steakhouse... which I don't mind... but a little more attention wouldn't hurt....

But the steaks were cooked PERFECTLY.  It was tasty and juicy... mMmMmMmmm... I ordered a medium rare and the steak was perfectly medium rare from the tip to the middle to the end.  Polish up the interior and with better service, this restaurant could potentially be 5 stars.

Starter Prawns: It was pretty good: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/-zDImDk6zHLMdUKAoOb20A/l

Steakes: YUMMAY!: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/4UoysCayBg9C8Ld9ppwySA/l笑
I loved BOA. 

I had no idea what I was walking into the night it was too late to dine at Joe's Stone Crab...  

It was late on a Saturday night in Vegas.  We were hungry and spent way too much time in the car to get to Caesar's from Orleans.  To our pleasant surprise BOA was still serving.

We were seated promptly and were delighted to put in our food order.  I had the rib eye - medium rare.  Cooked to perfection!  

(This piece of meat was the beginning of a great things to come me.  To search for the next best steak.)  

The rib eye was buttery and melted in my mouth.  Since there were about 7 of us, I got to sample many of the sides.  We had the asparagus, sauteed mushrooms, creamed spinach, garlic mashed potatoes and the gratin.  All very good.

I took my time eating my steak...it was that good!  The topper was the perfectly roasted garlic bulb that accompanied my steak.  SHEER AWESOMENESS!

The decor was dark, modern and very comfortable and the service was impeccable. What more could you ask for? 

The BEST of the best by far!笑
I don't eat steak, but everyone else does.  I ordered the halibut ($33) and it was the tiniest piece of fish I'd ever seen.  It was like 3.5 in x 2 in.  No joke.  It was dry.  Blah.  Mashed potatoes ($9) came in a small bowl and that wasn't good either.  It was more dry and boring.  Truffle cheese fries ($12) were pitiful looking.  Barely tasted truffle, very little cheese on top, and the fries were like McDonald's.  Onion rings ($9) were okay.  Crab leg was okay.  The best thing were the prawns that came with my bf's steak.  Those were good.笑
The steak was good and the meal was tasty.  Unfortunately the whole dinner ended up being the most expensive dinner ever, due in part to an army of delicious martini's.  They definitely have innovative selections for drinks.笑
This is a shout out to you Grant Kwan. Exceptional service!

I felt like the most important person in the restaurant. The entire staff makes you feel like a VIP. 

Started with the Goat Cheese Baklava. Simple, yet rich and flavorful. The table side Caesar was perfectly conjured up by the salad man. The bone-in rib eye can be served with a slew of toppings or sauces. I opted for the herbed butter. It ranks in the top 5 steaks I've ever had.

The lobster mashed potatoes were forgettable. And not worth the $22 price tag. Stick to the standard selection and you'll be better off.

Stellar wine list, most bottles costing around 100. So expect to shell out a wad of cash for dinner.笑
If you ARE in Vegas and you do NOT have the prime steak sandwich here for lunch you are cheating yourself of a real experience. Yes, really. 

I was in Vegas for a bachelor party and I arrived earlier than everyone so I just went to BOA by myself for lunch on Friday. Donald, the bartender, couldn't have been more helpful with the menu or drink suggestions and recommended the steak sandwich which was so good that 4 of us came back for it on Saturday. I never had dinner here but everything my group tried was incredible and next time I come to Vegas I am 100% having dinner at BOA one night.笑
My favorite steak house in Vegas.. bar none - great all around .. can't wait for dinner tonight.笑
I love the decor of this place. The inside is just so... weird, without feeling creepy. The drinks are pretty good, too. I had a BOA 405 (like the freeway). It had, among other things, strawberries, balsamic vinegar, and cracked black pepper in it. Try it, it's good.

One thing: the host promised us free shots when we arrived (it was a buddy's bachelor party). He never came back with the free shots.笑
I booked reservations here through Open Table and got the 1000 bonus points which is equivalent to $10 yay... haha... My friend has told me to come here every time I come to Vegas so I finally decided to finally dine here this past week.  He said I just HAD to get the Kobe so I followed his instructions... and I'm glad I did... Even though it took me a long time to decide on it because I couldn't justify paying $$$ for steak I'm was really satisfied with it.  It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was just so flavorful.  We had also started off with the Chop Chop salad which they split into two plates for us and had Truffled Mac and Cheese and Bacon Cheddar Mash as sides.  The hubby got the ribeye as his steak but I gave him half of my Kobe too so he was stuffed... but content :)  The service was wonderful.  When we walked in she showed us a table inside and a table outside on the balcony... since the weather was nice we opted to sit outside with a great view of the strip.  Who would've thunk... eating outside on a January night...笑
place was ok, nothing to rave about!笑
Good steaks, nice location at the Ceasar's Forum.  Can be pricy.笑
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
why are they closed?

MY FAVORITE STEAKHOUSE. come back to me.

The restaurant is located on the top floor of caesars, and it is DELICIOUS.
Their prime rib melts in yo mouth!
also.... their wine selection is great.

The service is really great - the waitress recommended great wine with our meal.. and even offered to chill our bottles in between pours (given that .... we ... ordered..... several.... bottles....) ahhahaa 

Besides the MEAT, their sides are delicious - order it and share family style.

The ambiance is beautiful... I was looking forward to going back.
Now, where am I supposed to get my steak on in Vegas? SW steakhouse? .......笑
Went here on my sister's recommendation, as she adores the Santa Monica Location.  However, even she agreed that this particular place was not up to par.

In any case, the highlight of the evening was the steak itself.  Cooked as requested, my dry aged NY strip was tasty.  Also, the service was appropriately attentive and friendly.  Outside of that though...little was going right that evening.

The first issue came up when I scanned the menu.  Cool, you get to choose from a variety of steaks, from traditional corn-fed to "organic" to , uh oh, Kobe.  Intrigued by the organic offering, I kindly ask our waiter if he could tell me about where they get their organic meat, and if he could tell me if it's partially or completely grass fed.  After hemming and hawing for a bit, he says, 'actually, I don't know...let me go check.'  After a couple of minutes, he comes back and tells me that he's unable to find further information about the organic beef, and how it's raised.

Red flag on the play, 10 yard penalty, still first down.  Sounds like there's more marketing on the menu than actual care put into the beef.  Suddenly, the Kobe and Organic offerings don't appeal to me anymore. If they don't care enough to know the origins of their specialty meats, how can I possibly expect them to cook them properly?   To give them the benefit of the doubt, I went with a traditional corn-fed steak-- A good move, as I mentioned earlier.

It comes with a selection of sauces, and I decided to go with Bernaise...as it's always a favorite accompaniment of mine.  To start with I ordered up the Steak Tartare prepared tableside...I was in a beefy mood, what can I say?

The tartare came, and it wasn't anything special.  They included a quail egg, which is no big foul, but I've always preferred a good amount of yolk to accompany my chopped beef.  Also, it was doused with olive oil and set on top of bitter greens, and served with toasted baguette.  In the end, the preparation masked the pure beefyness that is the only reason for ordering tartare in the first place.  I still long to find the yummy baseballs of fillet and yolk that I'd get in most any Parisian Bistro.

On to the NY Strip.  Got it with a side of asparagus....limp and stringy, someone forgot to peel the bottoms.  Got to the Bernaise...but it was just way too buttery and missing the balance of a good Bernaise.  I guess they really must be afraid of egg yolk in this joint.  As a backup I tried their J-1 sauce...hmm, it's just like A-1 except not a sweet.  Okay, never mind then, I'll just skip the sauce and go for the meat.

In the end, the faux Laguiole steak knife on the table pretty much summed things up.  Most everything looks pretty and sounds good...but there just isn't enough substance and care put into the food or the cooking for me to really enjoy it.笑
It's shameful when a steakhouse can't make a good burger. 

Had a kobe burger here on the recommendation of another yelper, Daisy T. What a mistake!

It's clear that Daisy hasn't had a lot of kobe burgers before, because Boa's burger is as bland and forgettable as it gets. Clearly they use purchased patties...they're too perfectly-shaped to be house-ground. Even the condiments and the bun (usually the most forgotten part of the burger experience) were kind of mediocre. 

For a great burger, Kobe or otherwise, you're better off at Burger Bar, LBS, In & Out, Fatburger...or if you want one of the best burgers in town, Bradley Ogden.笑
My first rule of dinning is to only eat at places that are busy. I do this because I like to know that other people find it to be good enough to come back but more importantly I know the food is fresh. Put it this way, I've watched too many episodes of Kitchen Nightmares to even chance a restaurant in a great area with no one in it. With that said we didn't get past the bar at BOA. It was 6:45 on a friday night in Las Vegas and we were to only people in the restaurant. On this night we finished our drink and made our way to Joe's just down stairs.笑
I'm torn, because I want to question everyone in Vegas as to why this place wasn't more crowded on a Fourth of July, because it is an excellent nite spot with views of the Strip that make you feel like you have a box seat; but then I also want to keep my mouth shut, so that I never have to worry about getting a reservation. Hmm..torn. 

We dined recently at this steakhouse located on the top floor of Caesar's Palace newest shopping area. It has an absolutely excellent view of the strip, you can even see the water show at Bellagio from the patio. It is a bit down there, but still. 

As far as the service goes, this has to be staffed with some of the most pleasant, professional people I have ever encountered. Too often, the attitude in retail and hospitality is really awful, but in this case, everyone was beyond. 

Our server was Michael C. or E. ( I wish I could remember) and he was helpful, nice and zero weird attitude...yay!

My pre-dinner cocktail was the Crush and it was very delicious, sparkling and slightly sweet. 

For dinner, my boyfriend started with clam chowder and it was delicious, more of a rich white broth with little bits of clam, than a heavy, creamy typical chowder. Very good. I started with a salad, which was, fresh, crisp and tasty.

We both ordered petite filet medallions and it was the perfect amount of food. It came with a blackberry reduction sauce, but we also ordered a side of the J-1 Sauce to try. Both great, but I think I did prefer the sauce the filet came with afterall.

Dessert came and we shared a creme brulee and the chocolate filled beignets. YUM. I love sugar a bit too much and these were no disappointment. The creme brulee is excellent, it is incredibly rich, creamy and served on the chilled side. Thank you! I really do not like warm, eggy brulee's which are more commonly served. 

If you are a person who loves the creme brulee at Nordstrom Cafe, then you would love it here too. 

After our dinner, we sat on the patio outside and waited for the 4th of July fireworks to start, but unfortunately weren't able to see any, so headed home and instead saw them shooting off from various neighborhoods along the 95. Great night, really.笑
I was able to give this place a try,   I regret, I wasn't able to try an actual steak, not because I didn't want one.. but the server never asked if I wanted an entree!? I thought that was very odd..  He must have been rushed or something? By the time I was done with both appetizers.. I was nearly full..so I decided to let it go..  I'm rating this place 4 stars because the steaks looked good, they even had a foie gras butter rub for the steaks that looked yummy.. I will return to try it sometime.

The bread rolls was pretty mediocre, and tasted a bit aged.. but the butter was extremely soft and creamy. 

I ordered 2 appetizers..  Foie Gras ($20), and  the japanese wagyu ($32).

The wagyu was excellent! It was only 2ozs, but after having a 6oz cut at Stripsteak earlier.. This didn't taste much worse, and and I thought it was a decent deal.  It tasted excellent, and came served as 3 sausage shaped pieces.

The foie gras wasn't bad, but I've had MUCH better before.  If I had to choose, I would settle for the Wagyu next time.

For dessert, I ordered the creme brulee ($10), which wasn't on the menu.
I was very good..a solid 4 out of 5.

There was a nice view right down the strip facing MGM, Paris, Planet Hollywood.  It's on the 3rd floor at the Caesars forum shops.  A nice walk from the free parking garage.  Overall.. a much better option than a vegas buffet IMO.笑
I've been here a few times w/ my family..the first time was during NYE and another time was to celebrate my sister's birthday..each time I left feeling extremely satisfied! Even though it is pricey..I think it's safe to say that sometimes it's worth it..because there's no sense in spending at a fancy restaurant when the food is dissapointing!!! 

From what I remember the last time I came here I ordered the "BLT" salad that has some nice applewood smoked bacon, iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, avocado and a nice creamy bacon dressing..but it's not overbearingly heavy considering it has avocado and bacon..they put just the right amount.

I also like the surf and turf options...For the surf..lobster and prawns...and for the Turf..kobe beef...or filet mignon...the meat is so nice and so tender...and you have a nice selection of "rubs & crusts" as well as "sauces" to get paired w/ them..I highly reccomend the "bearnaise" sauce..it's soo tasty! Also the selection of sides are really yummy too...the hand-cut crispy fries are ridiculously good and so are the garlic mashed potatoes.

I also like the location..it's in the new wing of the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace and has a great view overlooking the Strip..if you make reservations ahead of time you can try and get a nice spot over by the window. I like the chic "modern Japanese style" of the restaurant. It's really cute and inviting..a perfect place to celebrate a special occasion..or if you win some big money in Vegas.笑
Dollar for dollar, one of the worst meals I have had:
-Way too many tables for a place that charges as mush as they do
-I was bumped more times thatn I could count by the wait staff
-Way too loud
-I hardly ate a bite, and the staff did not much care

The best part of the meal was the sparkle fountain that the waiter lit with a propane lighter fit for a giant with a crack problem.笑
My husband makes it a point to go to BOA every time he goes to Vegas so he insisted we have dinner there on our recent trip to Sin City. I'm a fan of steakhouses & fine dining so it didn't take much to convince me.

In order to make sure that we were able to get a reservation, my husband called a week in advance. The hostess he talked to had the intellect of a newly hatched parakeet. I listened to him as he spent a ridiculous amount of time trying to give her his name. I understand it's the mainland & she might be unfamiliar with Asian last names but he was spelling it out for her (multiple times, mind you), for God's sake. Apparently from S-A-S-A-K-I she was able to get S-Z-A-X-K-H-I. Said hostess only proved the keenness of her intellect when my husband called the day before we left for our trip to confirm our reservation only to find that there was no record of it. Luckily, there was still an opening in the time slot we'd requested.

But enough about the hostess' inability to understand the alphabet & onto the actual restaurant. The only way I can describe BOA's atmosphere is...sexy. Guys, if you wanna impress a girl, bring her here. You won't be sorry.

The service was impeccable, as should be expected in a fine dining environment. Our server was friendly & polite, & promptly reviewed the night's specials. My husband also asked if he could order an appetizer from Sushi Roku next door (the restaurants share the same owner) & our server graciously accepted his request. 

My husband decided to go with the surf & turf & I went with the petite filet mignon with Cabernet sauce & roasted garlic mash. The surf & turf comes with a piece of Hudson Valley foie gras & being that my husband isn't a fan of foie (what the heck is wrong with him, am I right?!?) he gave it to me. I plopped that baby on top of my filet & it was SHEER HEAVEN. 

Our night at BOA was perfect, we couldn't have asked for more. The food, service & ambiance more than made up for their alphabetically challenged hostess. I now understand why this spot is a must for my husband every time he's in Vegas.笑
Hit the jackpot in Vegas and decided to treat ourselves to a NICE meal....after researching our options, we chose BOA for the view....or so we thought.......the only true views are outside on the patio.  They were not seating on the patio that night.......so our view became the table across from us and that was not what I had in mind.......RATS!

However, the drinks are EVERYTHING......who would think that a drink with balsamic vinegar and pepper could be so fine!!!  The Crush was also exceptional......the drinks were the highlight of the meal......

The tableside Caesar salad was exceptional......the presentation and the flavor was off the chain!

I ordered the lobster tail with baked potato and my son ordered the strip with asparagus.  It was good, VERY generous portions.......dessert was no longer an option.  I have never seen a potato as big as that!!

Our service was exceptional!!! Kelly and Jenna were attentive, knowledgable and a wonderful addition to our meal........

Without the sensational views, I consider BOA best for a nice drink!!笑
First thing I noticed was that this place wasn't that big...the setting was kind of intimate, dark, and candlelit.  I noticed that they had an outdoor terrace for dining although the night we went...it was slightly pouring outside.  The menu was typical steakhouse choices: porterhouse ribeye, filet, kobe, sirloin, ny, and a few others.  They had the side dishes like truffle mac&cheese, creamed spinach, mashed spuds, sauteed mushrooms, and so on.  They had an interesting prix-fixe menu wherer they gave you a salad, kobe flat iron steak or ahi tuna, and a vanilla creme brulee.  Since I wanted the ribeye, I passed on that but that seemed to be a nice deal.

The steaks were decent sized...the meat was soft and fresh.  I asked my steak to be blackened and served with their version of A1 dressing.  It was juicy and delicious and cooked well.  The sides were about average....the truffle mac and cheese had a ton of truffle oil in there...I think it was overkill.  

The restaurant was nice enough to give us a comp'd dessert to celebrate my friend's promotion at work.  They brought out their donut holes dessert and gave him a liquor filled candle which they torched in front of him and caused all the nearby tables to crane their heads to watch.  Plenty entertaining to say the least...

The service here was more or less good, the food didn't stand out as much as I thought it should had and it did take about 45 minutes for our food to arrive after ordering.  Would I come back here?  Probably not unless it's a dinner for two romantic date thing.  Total damage: $45 ribeye, $15 glass of wine, $8 side, about $90 total after tax and tip.笑
I hate to lower my rating for a restaurant that was perfect on my first visit. Unfortunately, BOA failed to live up to expectations after a flawless first meal.

When I went back last week the service was extremely slow. After being seated I waited over five minutes just for someone to bring a menu. After that it took another ten before any water was brought over. The staff was very friendly extremely inattentive. The service is the biggest reason for me lowering my review.

That being said, I had an issue with the food as well. I ordered the Kobe Ribeye, not an inexpensive cut of meat. I've had the same steak at BOA before and it was amazing. This time however it was far from perfect. It was seasoned well, but the meat itself was tough. Looking back I should have said something, but I don't like doing that. This was a $100 steak that was extremely hard to cut with a steak knife. I don't know about most diners, but to me that's unacceptable. When I'm paying that much for a steak I expect it to not just taste amazing but have great texture as well - it did not.

I was extremely happy with my appetizer, I had the smoked salmon and it was amazing. I expected the rest of the meal to follow suit, unfortunately with the service and entree BOA fell flat on its face.

I would like to clarify, everyone gets a bad steak every once in a while. If it had only been the steak that was a problem I wouldn't have followed up my previous review. The fact that the service was poor as well is what did it for me. I'm really disappointed with this place because my first experience was so amazing. I wish that they kept to those standards for every visit.

As an ending note. At one point I waited 15 minutes for a water refill, this was while the staff filled the glasses of the three table surrounding mine. At a restaurant that costs as much as BOA that is ridiculous.笑
damn.. good beef!  i haven't been here since January, and I still think about it sometimes!!  If I remember right I had filet mignon and it was delicious!  OOo.. and the restaurant itself.. so chic and sexy!  Drinks are great too!笑
First I have to say that this place has excellent service.  Waiters were extremely prompt and very polite.  We were initially sitting inside but when we requested to sit on the balcony, they quickly moved our party.  The view from the balcony is amazing the the ambiance is perfect for a romantic dinner or a classy dinner for a bachelors party which is what we had.  

As for the food, the calamari was awesome and everyone agreed it was one of the best we'd ever had.  They also gave us some complimentary appetizer which had cheese and tomatoes on lays potato chips which were delicious!

Most of us ended up ordering the 40 day old steak.  I've had much better steak for half the price.  Wasn't impressed at all to be honest.  Overall, I would have given it a 5 star if it wasn't for the steak.  I would definitely go back though!笑
We have been there twice in two years.  The fist time it was spectacular!!!  We had great service, loved the decor and yummy steaks.....the second time...it sucked...it was not full and our service was horrible.  The booth had ripped seats and the waiter seemed like he was on qualudes.....food was sub-par.....not cool!笑
I have good memories of Boa LV...Our service and food were exceptional...I suppose the economy for a first class steakhouse was too much because of all the competition from reality stars like Collichio and Ramsay...Those restaurants are good...but Boa was just as good..but did not have a star to promote it.  Thank you Boa for a high class atmosphere and first class service.笑
Went with a gf for a late dinner during our stay in Vegas.

Creamy Broccoli Soup. Fresh ceasar salad made right in front of you. Truffle oil &parmasean cheese fries. mashed tatoes. Steaks. 

Yumm..and we were surrounded by 5 tables of bachelor parties having dinner. Yes. five.笑
I was shocked by the bad reviews. According to my own experience, it's one of the best meals I've ever had. 

The Cocktail:
Boa 408: with strawberry puree, balsamic vinegar, and crushed black pepper. I only ordered because it's award winning cocktail, and it sounds interesting. And it turned out to be the BEST COCKTAIL I've ever had. I was expecting something heavier, but it's incredibly light and refreshing. Not too sweet, almost can't taste the alcohol, or the pepper. It's just a perfect balance.

The appetizer:
Goat cheese Baklava: this is amazing. I love baklava, and this savory version of it is so simple, packed with flavor, surprisingly interesting texture, and just amazing. It's basically the same texture as the sweet baklava, except that the nut filling is replaced by goat (chevre i think) cheese, with pistachio, crushed black truffle sprinkles, and drizzled with honey. Flaky, creamy/cheesy, crunchy, and sweet....I'm going to try to make it at home. It's divine.

Curried crab timbale with avocado, cantalupe, and lotus chips. I loved the combination very much, especially the big chunks of crab meat on top. This is probably the least favored dish in the meal only because everything else is so amazing, but it's pretty damned good.

Entree:
The seafood special f the night: fish fillet (i forgot the name of the fish) wrap, with prawns and asparagus. This is truly amazing dish, perfectly executed, and harmoniously flavored. The fish itself is seared perfectly so the outside is slightly browned, but the inside just melts in your mouth. The whole combination is just perfect. 

Dessert:
Flourless Chocolate Cake with homemade Vanilla Bean Icecream. The cake is luke warm and melt in your mouth, but I thought the vanilla bean icecream is stellar. 

The service:
Our waiter is so friendly and personable. Great suggestions, great memorization, and so chill.
The atmosphere is like a lounge bar, very chic, contemporary, but serves excellent food and drinks. 

I will totally come back and try the steak next time I visit vegas.笑
Boa is amazing! great steaks, great sides. Get the 405 Martini, have them make it with Tanqueray 10 Gin, you will not regret it.笑
We were in the area and looking for a nice place to have lunch. The rating, location, decor and price had my expectations a bit high when I first saw this place, I guess having those expectations was not a good thing. 

Ordered: 
Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes 
Chantrelle Mushroom & Tellagio Cheese Bruschetta 
Organic Baby Green Salad 
Classic Prime Tuna Burger 

The Crab Cakes and Chantrelle Bruschetta were and excellent start off. I was thinking that these flavors were excellent. The salad was also very good. Nice fresh baby greens and cherry tomatoes with that vinaigrette dancing around them made my mouth happy. 

I wanted something different and light so I went with the Classic Prime Tuna Burger. I was excited to see what measure of creativity went into the making of this burger at an upper scale restaurant such as this. Sad to say the burger was a bit bland. It felt like the symphony was coming to a crescendo but the conductor tripped and fell off the podium. I liked the fries that accompanied the dish. The next time I come here I guess I'll stick to the steaks or just order a bunch of appetizers.笑
Yummy! Boa was listed as one of the top restaurants on opentable.com and it also earned us 1,000 points for booking so it was the choice restaurant for my birthday dinner. Our reservations were on Saturday at 7pm but we had landed in Vegas that same day and got stuck standing in line buying show tickets. We had to call twice to let the hostess know we were gonna be late. We finally arrived 30 minutes late but they were nice and seated us immediately. 
The bf ordered the bone-in ribeye medium rare, $45 with their peppercorn sauce on the side. 
I surfed and turfed it, ordering their petite filet mignon medium plus, $39 with their signature J-1 sauce on the side and alaskan king crab legs, mkt price. The sides we ordered was their sauteed seasonal mushrooms, $9 and smoked cheddar bacon mashed potatoes $8. 
The food was quite awesome. The bf said his ribeye was very good, but not comparable to Pappa's Bros. 
My petite filet mignon was juicy, tender and cooked just perfectly. I usually don't like sauce with my steak but their signature J-1 was very yummy and complimented the steak's flavor perfectly. 
The sides were also very good. The cheddar bacon mashed potatoes were recommended by our server, and a very good choice. Bacon is my fave and this had chunks of it. The sauteed mushrooms were good but nothing special about them. 
We had decided to skip on dessert because we had a show to catch at 9:30pm but our server was so sweet she brought out their vanilla creme brulee and lit a sparkler for my b-day!! It was awesome. I had always wanted a sparkler for my birthday but never knew where to find them so it was extra special to me. The creme brulee was okay but we've had better. (I love Pappa's Bros. and Grand Lux) All in all, dinner was great. The servers were very attentive, asking us if we had any questions about the menu and making suggestions. Our plates were cleared quickly and drinks refilled promptly. To top it off it was nice they made note that the reservation was for a birthday and treated us to the complimentary dessert. Boa would be a place I would return to next time I'm in Vegas.笑
We went to BOA during our honeymoon. We started out the evening by talking to one of the chef's of the evening who made some excellent recommendations. Followed by a visit from Sherman who recommended some things from Sushi Roku's menu since we told our waiter we were big sushi fans. Sherman was extremely helpful and personable, as was everyone we dealt with. Next Brian, the manager of the evening, came over to recommend a Scotch for my husband and let him try a couple to help him make a decision. The food was beyond our expectations on all fronts from the sushi starters to the delightful dessert. We had the Cesaer salad, John Dory, the bone-in filet, chipotle dusted corn, lobster mashed potatoes, and banana cake for dessert.笑
What can I say? I went here because I wanted fantastic food and great atmosphere and my fellow Yelpers said this would give me both.  But they failed to tell me the service would be great as well!  Plus I made the reservation on Open Table noting that I'd like the balcony seating (per a Yelper) and I received it even though we extended our reservation twice!  Plus they do bday surprises.  LOVE IT.  Everything we ordered was fantastico - - from steaks, crab legs (YUMMY), Oysters to signature strawberry drinks.  But please pass on the three chocholate moose dessert - - get the donuts :) Please go and enjoy yourself!笑
It's a good steak place, I'm a steak lover and they have a prix fix menu, which you can save if you want a salad, sides & dessert. 

For appetizer we got the seared tuna pieces & calamari & this weird sweetish thing. the tuna pieces were good, but they put like flakes of seasalt in it and it tasted weird when you ate it, but the tuna was good. Calamari was good, and the weird sweet pastry like thing, it was okay. more like a dessert than an appetizer/

I got the prix fix menu. I thought it was a good deal. I got the kobe flat iron, it was cooked to perfection. I got medium rare and it was medium rare! Love it. I also tried a little piece of my sister's filet and it was nice and tender, melts in your mouth. The sides were okay, fries weren't any specials, and the mushrooms were okay, it woulda been better if they were all portebello mushrooms. 

Dessert: creme burlee, so disappointed. I love creme burlee, but their creme burlee was not great. It was thick and chunky. I love my creme burlee to be creamy and silky. not a fan of their dessert.

overall, steaks are great here! they dont come on a hot plate =(笑
This place is at the top of the forum shops where they make you go around and around the shops before you can even get in the restaurant.

My bone-in rib eye was super fatty.  My friend's filet was done too well.  The price is about the same as Joe's downstairs and Joe's actually had never let me down.  

The ambiance is cool but the place is strangely empty sometimes.  If I had to do it again, I would stick with Craftsteak as the best steak in Vegas.  If you have to stay around Caesars, goto Joe's.笑
It's BOA. It's pretty much a given that if you walk into BOA you would expect it to be pricey. So let's get that straight. So I am not going to factor the obvious in.

Service top to bottom was immaculate. They were tentative, yet not too smothering, we were seated promptly, our drinks were quick (we were dehydrated, grumpy, hungry and tired), bread was put on the table shortly after, and the food wait wasn't exhaustfully long. 

We had the wagyu to start - melt in your mouth madness mmm, oysters that were really fresh, and clean.
I had the bone-in ribeye, and it was really good, except abit on the dry side since I had ordered the signature sauce. After asking for more sauce, the waiter actually replaced the whole steak, no questions asked, with a smile. The side of Mac & Cheese was yummy, but way rich, I wish I had a bigger stomach. 

Didn't have dessert because we were stuffed =( Will have to go back.
BOA gets 5/5 stars +1 bonus point for extremely good service笑
So I was headed for Casa Fuente, but, with no food in over eight hours, decided to hit BOA before a nice bone.  Upon arriving, ordered a Diet Pepsi (denied...diet coke only) and a chicken sandwich w/fries.

So the fries were, while a bit greasy, good. The sandwich?  Well, the meat was, while sparse, real.  The "swiss cheese" was...um....interesting.  The bun was HUGE.  Overly so.  REALLY overly so.

The service was awesome. Sat at the bar, and the bartender was all over making sure I was satisfied.    I ate about half the (sparse) meat, and left the HUGE bun alone, along with the 24 gallons of fries.  He was truly concerned that I wasn't happy with the meal.  Kudos.

Overall, I was kinda disappointed, given the hype of BOA.  But, it WAS a lunch (and late, at that), so I gave 'em a bit of slack.笑
I had the "Signature Kobe / Lobster combo/ Froe Grais Topping. $130. It was worth the price. Very tender.笑
I love meat, seafood and wine.  This place had them all.  The service was the best I've ever had.  They gave great recommendations considering how wonderful the menu was.  Before I could even ask it, they were doing it.  Their Kobe Rib Eye was not only cooked to perfection, but it melted in my mouth.  I dont care how pricy this place was, every minute was worth it.  I'll definitely be back.笑
Thanks to wives that can spend endless hours shopping in the Casar's forum shops, I was able to get the full experience of Boa along with a couple of buddies. We finally decided on this steakhouse after a brief conversation with the very friendly hostess who reassured us that our transient like appearance would not be mocked by any of the staff and we would still be served the same quality pieces of meat as more suitably dressed guests. We had to wait for the females so first stop was the bar. 
The bartender was quite friendly and knowledgeable about mixed drinks and their wine selection. Despite knowing that Boa is well known for their locally created mixed drinks we opted for a bottle of Malbec from their extensive list. When the femaliens finished their shopping expedition, we were immediately seated in their impressive dining room. 
We were seated in an impressive booth with a decent view of the strip for half of our group...the rest of the group got to look at us looking at the strip. We each ordered a side and decided to share all of them as they all seemed to sound good. Circling the table was: 
Garlic mashed taters 
Balsamic string beans with toasted pine nuts 
Lyonnaise potatos 
Macaroni and cheese 
The sides were quite fantastic, the best of all being the mac and cheese and the mashed potatos. Mac and cheese were made with a shell shaped pasta that was perfectly cooked and very thick and doughy...wonderful. 

As for the steak, I had a bone-in ribeye ordered medium well. It was cooked perfectly and came with a very good peppercorn sauce. Other items that were ordered at our table were the 40day aged New York and the Boa Burger all of which received rave reviews. 

Service at Boa was impeccable, our waiter seemed to come by at the perfect time, every time and did not have to be asked for anything really. He just knew what we needed a minute before asking for it. I could not have asked for more. 

So, after reading this....why only 4 stars? 

It is a steak house...granted they did have a great steak...but a 5 star steak? It is a rare day that this foodie comes across a 5 star steak.笑
Make sure that you are wearing your most comfortable heels. It is way far back hidden beneath the forum shops. The decor is very modern and the service was great. I really liked how they make your Caesar salad from scratch table side. The steaks were delicious as well.笑
Located in the huge maze that is Ceaser's palace, is Boa steakhouse. Having arrived to dinner just an hour after landing in sin city, I was pretty famished. I ordered the Ribeye, medium-rare. It came with an interesting flowery-type arrangement of baked garlic cloves (not to be bitten into, trust me). The steak was overall, just okay. For the price, I really wanted to give it two stars because it was fatty, underseasoned, and bland. Because, I was in such a big party, they gave us complimentary donut holes. Again, okay, but not great. Bill was a little much but so are the clubs.笑
Came with my boyfriend just to have some good steak. Fantastic steak is what we had. My Filet Mignon felt like butter in my mouth. It melted and tasted so good. It seemed kind of salty on the outside, but I guess that meshes with the thickness. I like the sauce it comes with too. Boyfriend had a Bleu-cheese crusted New York, which was good also, but not nearly as melt-in-your-mouth as my Filet. He did enjoy the crust, it had just enough flavor not to overpower the steak. We also had mushrooms and baked potato as sides. The mushrooms were delicious, loved every bite. The baked potato was huge! Probably wasn't needed since we were overly full by the end of our meal.

I loved the ambiance here, the dark room and fancy decorations. Service was great! Our waiter was very nice.笑
Of course in Las Vegas you have your choice of wonderful food. It's rare to have a below average meal here. 

BOA and Craftsteak really stand out in Vegas as far as Steakhouses go. My experience at BOA was extraordinary. The hostess sat us on the balcony overlooking the strip, including the Bellagio Fountains- we had the best seat on the strip for that show while sipping the most amazing cocktail I have EVER had. Their signature cocktail has won awards and understandably so. The ingredients may sounds strange- namely the balsamic vinegar, but they work so well together I could have had 6 of them (and almost did)!

Their table side Caesar Salad is phenomenal as well. Of course their Steaks are great, but what really sets them apart is the small things, like the salad and their cocktails. I'll be sure to visit BOA again. Absolutely wonderful.笑
Stopped by for lunch around 12:45, the place wasn't busy but the service was very slow at first. I kept running out of my iced tea (super easy to refill) for 6-7 minutes at a time, my starter salad took 20 minutes to come out, and I must say the chair backs were extremely uncomfortable; and it wasn't just me I noticed the lady at the table next to me rubbing her back as well. Now after the salad arrived I'm happy to say everything picked up dramatically. The salad I chose was the BOA BLT with bacon flavored dressing and it was amazing, and so was the bread that came with it, a perfect 10 combo. Followed by the fillet medallions which were spot in as well, they were perfectly cooked and well flavored with delicious mashed potatoes.

In summary: Aside from the slow service at first and the uncomfortable wooden backed chairs, I'd highly recommend BOA Steakhouse. The salad, sides, and fillet were excellent. and I look forward to trying their full steak menu for dinner!笑
So, I was in Vegas on a business trip this past weekend, and for a Saturday night dinner, decided to try BOA Steakhouse located at Cesaer's Palace. Although the drinks were pretty good, but food was ok. I ordered the Bone-in Ribeye, and it was ok. I have had better steak, but I have had worse. However, he Calamari appetizer was very good and the Chilean Sea Bass that my business partner ordered was not too bad. Overall, amongst steakhouses, I would try something else before coming back here. 

On another note, the ambiance was very nice and the staff was very exceptional.笑
Watched Game 6 of the World Series @ the Bar.  Wonderful Drinks, service, and conversation via Donald, a pro.  Took good care of us, and hooked up the wifey when he saw her eyeing the fresh strawberries.  An Ace.

We ll be back to visit again.  Eventhough we didnt have dinner, we had to have the Goat Cheese Baklava......the bomb. Classy place.笑
I made it a point to try this place during restaurant week, and it excelled my expectations. I'm not a steak eater and I could probably count one hand how many times I've ordered steak. Let me tell you, my steak was cooked to perfection. And I would definitely order it again. 

I had the BOA fusion martini, actually i had two, and I could've had 4 more :) they were so good, and also the farmers market martini. The drinks were perfection, but dangerous, you don't even taste alcohol in them, and then it sneaks up on you. The service was outstanding, water glass was never empty, always checking with us. The ambiance was nice as well. Definitely would return.笑
AS-GOOD-AS-IT-GETS

Don't know how anyone can come here and not get a STEAK.. it is a "Steakhouse".... burgers? Bah! If you come here don't waste time with the other details, you go to a steakhouse you get a steak, mine was the 40 day aged New York Strip, $44 (not bad) and it was perfectly cooked, I asked "rare with no sauce or rubs" - perfect. With the cream of asparagus soup with lobster for starters and a side of Truffle Mac and Cheese made this the perfect meal for the night. Also, if there's room, ask to be seated on the patio which overlooks the strip ;)

The service was very good, though between getting our drinks and ordering he did dissappear for a while, but after that he was all over our table like white on rice.  

They also have a very extensive wine list from all regions and a decent selection of hard liquors, but it's vegas where doesn't?

After this I went to Casa Fuente for a cigar with some buddies. Anymore manly than that? A steak and a cigar.

So take it from me, if you're going to Vegas, you're going to spend money on food, don't go low and get a burger, order a steak and a red wine, if you want a burger go to "The Plaza Diner" and order the Big Daddy Barrick Burger ( 9.5 lbs. of burger ).... http://eatfeats.com/calendar/LasVegas.html ...

So stop by the Caesar's Palace, go up the circular escalator to the top floor and go to Boa's and enjoy a Porterhouse for me!笑
BOA was everything an expensive, classy steakhouse on the strip should be.  I dined there over two years ago, so I'm not sure if anything has changed.  They have a great view of the strip and giant, comfortable booths.  The drinks were made perfectly and the service was excellent.

The steak, of course, is the main attraction, and BOA did not dissapoint.  I had the New York Strip with a peppercorn dry rub cooked medium rare.  It had to be one of the best steaks I have ever had.  My girlfriend had a Filet Mignon that was also delicious and cooked perfectly.  Our sides, wasabi mashed potatoes and an order of mushrooms, were also excellent.  It's an expensive meal, but it's worth it if you're a steak lover.笑
I've been to BOA twice during my trips to Vegas for birthdays and was not disappointed when I went. The service is great and the staff is very friendly. Quick refills on water when you have a near empty glass, which is always good in my book. On both trips I have sat outside to look at the view of Vegas and let me say, it is a great view. You might feel the weather though as I was sweating during the summer and near freezing in October.

Now on to the important part, the food.
I have tasted most of the appetizers and my favorites seem to be the crab cakes and fried calamari. I enjoyed my lobster bisque and tuna carpaccio. 

My first time eating there, I order the surf and turf special. The dish was good, but my beef did feel a little more tougher then I thought it would be. It did however, pack a lot of flavor. 

The second time around was the porterhouse. Let me tell you, this thing is huge. It comes with roasted garlic to spread on the beef and is just so tender and juicy. I would recommend this dish to anybody who is going to try this place out.

If it is anybodies birthday, they bring out a creme brulee with a small fireworks display. It's really neat.

If you are looking for a good steak in Vegas, BOA would be a good choice.笑
Boa... 
     What can I say? I was in Vegas for New Year's and on NYE (New Year's Eve) a friend called around and got our party a table there. Boa originally set a 6 course prix-fixe dinner for $150+ per person (I can't remember exactly but it was somewhere around there), but luckily he convince them to let our party dine there. The only requirement was that each member of our party had to spend at least $50, which was not difficult at a place like Boa. 
     To make things a little easier on our waiter our party of 12 people asked for 3 separate checks. My boyfriend and I ended up ordering a Porterhouse steak $45 and Lobster (MP - Market Price=$99) and a side order of asparagus $9 because all entrees are a la carte. When the host first seated our party, the waiter brought a round of complimentary shots for everyone. It was a shot of their famous drink "405" and a raspberry one which was less memorable. 
     I can't remember what time we had arrived at the restaurant, but our food arrived shortly before the big countdown to the New Year. The steak and lobster looked deceptively delicious on a porcelain plate, but I asked the waiter to keep the food warm while we went to the 2nd floor balcony for the countdown. It was a chilly evening in Vegas with a huge crowd on the streets. Boa supplied the guest with a champagne toast at 12. As everyone kissed and cheered in the cold, the fireworks were going off in the background at Rio and all I can think of is the food. After all that we went back inside to our hot food waiting for us to devour it. The Porterhouse steak was cooked to perfection (Medium) and the portion was big. The lobster was delicious as well, I didn't expect it to be as big as it was. My boyfriend and I are pretty big eaters and once we finished our food we were full, but of course I still wanted to indulge in their dessert. The only dessert available that evening was the Opera cake $16 on their prix-fixe menu. I must say it was definitely not worth the $16. The presentation was breathtaking, but once I cut into the cake and had a bite- I was not impressed. I would not order the Opera cake again. 

The food was great! The ambiance is really romantic and intimate with the dim lighting and lounge type dinning area where we sat.笑
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome.  Went here for a friends birthday and the service, food and atmosphere was just awesome. 

We had a party of 20 and they did their best to make sure that we had a great time.  I had some steak and some fish, but that was not the best thing I had.  I ordered the Cesar salad on the recommendation of the food server and it was amazing. They make it fresh there from a recipe that is known to be the original recipe.  I actually was with the manager as he made it for me and I assisted with some of the ingredients.  

I have to be honest, this was the best salad that I have ever had.  I mean EVER.  The best part was the fact that he actually gave me the recipe as well!  Boooo Yaaaa!笑
I had there steak and macaroni and cheese and paid 120.
The steak was very good. Filet mignon and delicious.
The macaroni and cheese was also the best i have ever had!

The ambiance of the place was great.the service could have been a little bit faster considering how much the food cost.

I would go back again deff.笑
I had the center cut ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes, bok choy and shitake mushrooms. It was the best seared tuna I've ever had, hands down. The tuna was cooked perfectly, was cut properly and just melted in my mouth. The sauce was a salty, dark, wine-based masterpiece. The mashed potatoes had the subtle hint of wasabi, but it was not overpowering.  The mushrooms added some great texture and flavor. The bok choy was the weakest part of this dish I think- it was a little too mushy for my taste. Overall, I still loved this dish. Also, as a side note, the bread that they serve is fantastic. They have these rosemary rolls that were fresh out of the oven, hot and tasty. The butter there is also crazy. It tasted just like normal butter, but the texture was somewhere between whipped and liquid- almost like sour cream. I think the point was to make it easy to spread. It was a nice little luxury.

I'm not sure about the steak, as I didn't have any, but I did have a bite of the lobster one of my friends ordered from the surf and turf, and the lobster was amazing. My dish was $40, not bad for the best tuna ever. The surf and turf ended up being $150, which I wouldn't have paid if I'd known it was going to be that much. I would have paid 100 for it though. That lobster was good. 

The atmosphere was nice, a little dark for my taste, but that's how most steak houses are. It wasn't too hard to get a reservation on Saturday night, and the place was on the noisier end, but not enough for you to really notice. The waiting staff was quick and they were very on top of their water and bread refills. They give out these funny super sparkler candles stuck in a container full of sugar crystals for your birthday. They're pretty entertaining for the 10 seconds they burn. 

I would definitely come to this place again. I'd probably give this place 4.5 stars if I could. I'm just holding out on that 5 star rating because I don't know what the steak was like. This is a steakhouse, after all. If I go again and have the steak, I'll update this post.笑
Two stars because the service and ambience were good. The goat cheese baklava was a very pleasant surprise as well, delish. You could put goat cheese on a cat turd and it would be good, so it's kind of like cheating.
Aside from that, this place is a huge rip off. Two entrees, salads, two drinks and one dessert should never be $190 plus tip. I don't care where you are, that is just pure bullshit. I've often said that if I can do a better job with my limited education, expertise and intelligence this place has a problem. Boa has a huge problem. My Alberston's rib eye for $4.99 a pound tastes better and is more tender on my Char Broil low end grill than Boa's. The Flat Iron NY Strip was good, not great. I'm still sick to my stomach over the price of that mediocre meal. Save your money, go somewhere else. I hear the Gold Coast and Circus-Circus have good steak houses and it might be worth checking those out if you're in town and you don't have access to my grill.笑
One of the best steaks I have ever had.  A little spendy but it is worth it.  Sit on the patio on a nice night.  You get a great view of the strip.  Drinks are also really good.  Would definitely go again.笑
From tasting my friend's steak...it was very good...flavorful and juicy... a bit more expensive than expected, but it's Vegas, and it's Caesars' Palace.  Beware of the price for the special kobe beef steaks...when we went, it was $16/ounce...minimum of 8 ounces.  My friends ordered a 12 ounce steak, thinking it was $6/ounce instead of $16...  but the wait staff was very good and polite about changing the order as soon as we realized.  I thought the service was excellent...they were attentive and not snooty at all.  

I ordered fish that night...because I was full from eating at the Bellagio buffet just hours earlier.  I think I ordered the special of the evening which was some halibut-like fish...it was not very memorable, though.  I also ordered a caesars salad.  The waitress made it in front of us and it was huge...tasted pretty good, as well...but how can you really go wrong.

If you go for a birthday, they have a cool candle/sparkler thing they bring out.  Also, they had a really good lychee drink for girls who like sweet coctails.笑
Wow the fillet Mignon was delicious!!!  It had to be my top 3 steaks house I've ever been to. It had like this mild spicy sauce to it that gave it an amazing taste.  Good stuff and definitely worth the $$$$$$$笑
This was a perfect setting for Las Vegas.  The food was wonderful and the service was impecable.  Drinks arrived early as did the appetizers.  The main course needs a side dish, which you will pay extra for.  

The wine cellar is amazing.  Make sure you stop by and watch the little people crawl up and down the ladder to get your wines.

The best part...Ask for outdoor seating.  They have a balcony which overlooks Caesar's Palace with outdoor heaters to keep you warm.笑
Very accommodating place as they found a table for the five of us even on a Friday night even without a reservation.  

So why the 3 stars?  Personally I thought the steak (NY Strip) was only okay and for a $44 steak I was expecting a little more.  My cousin got the lamb chop which he found to be extremely good (though he thought the Wynn buffet lamb chops were a better value).  The bacon and cheddar mash potato was very, very satisfying.   On the other hand, you can probably skip the fries though as it was meh.笑
Just recently got back from a trip to Vegas, and went to BOA on mostly positive Yelp recommendations. I can definitely say that it was a great experience, but I can't give it five stars.

The good:

The soup of the day was a broccoli-crabmeat soup, which tasted more like broccoli cheddar, and was very good. It was a little thin, as it appeared almost to be puree'd (sp?), but tasted great.

For an entree, I got the filet, and my wife ordered the Kobe flat-iron steak. The one snafu of the night was when they brought a filet for my wife. We informed the waiter of the mix-up, and he was very apologetic and went to correct the mistake. Amazingly enough, within 5 minutes, a the correct entree came out, cooked to perfection. 

The service was very good, and the food was wonderful. The other thing dragging down the rating would be the dessert: We were so stuffed, but decided to split a dessert - the smores dessert. It was a brownie with some sort of marshmallow topping. Unfortunately, the brownie almost tasted store-bought, and the marshmallow topping was very bland. On top of that, it came out room temperature. All in all, it wasn't a BAD dessert - just disappointing for a place of this caliber. 

I'd definitely go back to this restaurant, but potentially try different menu items.笑
All in all this was a great experience. We were initially nervous because it was not very busy. We had a small party of 4 that was seated immediately with no reservations. The staff was attentive and the food was very good. Will definitely go back.笑
The service was excellent and our waiter had a couple good wine recommendations but several people in our group of 8 felt the steaks were overpriced and overcooked. My 40 month aged NY steak was tough on the edges and not very pink inside even though I ordered med-rare. I had to dip the steak in a side of sauce to take away the dryness. I would recommend Ruth Chris over these  steaks and I usually like non chains.笑
The steak here is good, but not the best in Vegas. No complaints on the drinks and appetizers. You cannot really mess up oysters on half shell or fried calamari. They have a very extensive wine list and a knowledgeable sommelier. Only complaint I have with Boa is their wait staff. They have no idea on what goes where and who ordered what. Very uncoordinated and slow in delivering the entrees. Steak was cold, but still tasty. Don't get their Kobe Steaks. It's not worth it and it's nothing special. It taste like a more buttery rib eye steak. Ruth Chris's is still the best steakhouse in my opinion.笑
This place really deserves two stars...but the service, atmosphere, and most importantly the view got it an extra one.  Plus Nicholas Cage was there so it gave us somebody to make fun of the whole night

Started with the Steak Tartare just because my buddies and I had never tried it before and eating raw meat and egg seemed a little adventurous.  It turned out to be the best part of our meal.  Give it a try, you will thank me later

3 of the 4 of us were rather disappointed in our steaks.  In a town like Vegas where good steaks are a dime a dozen, these ones really weren't that great for $40+ pieces of meat.  I am pretty bad at bbq'ing steaks and I have done better than the one I got here.  If you want a great steak in Vegas, this doesn't seem like the spot

The waiter also said the sides were served family style--Apparently that meant there is enough for one person in a tiny bowl that they set in the middle of the table.  Weak!  Desert was good, but its still sad that all four of us said the highlight of our meal was an appetizer we split four ways.

I will likely give it another chance someday, but not anytime soon.  If you do go there, make sure and reserve a table by the window or outside.  Amazing view of the strip and can watch the Bellagio fountain show.笑
My friends and I planned a trip to vegas during spring break '08 and decided to do dinner and a show. We had several other steakhouse options, but finally made the decision to give BOA a try since none of us had ever been there. The entire staff was very nice and were around to tend to our every need whether we needed more bread or more water. We were served potato chip nachos topped with truffle and melted cheddar while we waited for our food. All of the steaks come with your choice of a rub or a sauce so I had the bone-in ribeye with the herbed butter rub with a side of BOA's signature sauce for an additional $1. My steak was cooked medium and was juicy and tender. A whole roasted garlic is also served with your steak, but it is truly an acquired taste. The mushiness and slightly bitter taste of the roasted garlic may not tickle everyone's pallete, but once you can appreciate the taste it can really compliment your steak. The sides were also delicious. We had the lobster mashed potatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and the truffle mac-n-cheese. We all ordered a different meat from the menu such as the bone-in kansas city filet mignon, petite filet, and the american kobe flat iron and there were no complaints. We were all very impressed with the food and the service. They even gave us a sparkling birthday treat of little donut holes with a side of raspberry sauce for dipping, but...we weren't celebrating anyone's birthday!? 

My friends and I had a very memorable dining experience at the BOA in Las Vegas thanks to the great food along with the A+ service. I was so impressed that I just had to bring my boyfriend the next time I went back to vegas, which was during Labor Day '08. This time around I started with the smooth and creamy lobster bisque. We both ordered the bone-in ribeye because ribeye is our favorite cut. We also ordered two sides to share. He was very pleased with everything just as I thought he would be. We topped off our dinner with a delightful order of creme brulee garnished with a little candied basket filled with fresh fruits and berries. 

BOA Steakhouse truly is fine dining at its best. They are hands-down on the top of my list for best steak and service all around.笑
Enjoyed the 40 day, dry aged strip. Note to self: Gotta figure out ow to dry age beef in my fridge. Also, got to figure out how to convince the wife that this is not a dumb idea! The wife enjoyed the bone-in filet, which is a tasty morsel, becoming more available in top end steak houses. The view, out on the patio, of The Strip was great. Could see all the way down to Bellagio Fountains. Incessant droning of the entrance PA, extolling the virtues of Celine Dion et al., could have done without that. The cheesy fries were excellent, the mushrooms just so so. Wine selection was, surprisingly less than I have seen for other high end places, but I enjoyed the malbec and syrah we finally settled on. Note to management, please post your wine list online somewhere, makes doing one's homework easier before showing up, a not unreasonable request when plunking down enough cash to eat at Island Style for a week.笑
Meat.

It's what's for dinner.

No, I wasn't talking about the bachelor party sitting across our table. I'm talking about red meat at BOA steakhouse.

This being Vegas and this being a steakhouse on the strip, expect the prices to be high but not ridiculous like CUT at the Palazzo.

We're glad that we went with the tasting menu, not only did it offer variety, it was priced right at $75 for 5 courses. The portions are quite generous for a "tasting" menu.

We started off with watercress salad. I'm personally not into watercress, but hey, I needed veggies. If it weren't for the hearts of palm and the feta cheese, I wouldn't have even touched this.

As a foie gras lover, I was excited when our second course came out.  Seared Hudson Valley foie on a toasted brioche, caramelized onions and blood orange syrup. My tastebuds were all in a frenzy. A fine frenzy.

The steamed Chilean sea bass looked pretty on the plate and tasty in the mouth! It was flaky and moist and if all fish were cooked like this, I'd eat it more often. The baby carrots and bok choy still had a nice crunch to it while the tropical salsa was the perfect complement.

Shortly after, my filet mignon came out. I was a wee bit disappointed that they over-salted my meat but it came out medium-rare as I requested. The mash potatoes wasn't too creamy which I liked, especially after having two of those buttery rolls they kept refilling my bread plate with and those were good sized rolls!

I was in the ladies room when they brought out the last course and the bf was actually finished with his by the time I got my dessert. Our waiter apologized because the kitchen forgot to make one for me! (I know, sad face!) When I dug into my warm banana cake with house made banana ice cream, it was good but the toffee sauce was too sweet, it took away from the subtle flavor of the cake. 

Service was excellent. Good drink recommendations, our bread plate and water glasses were never empty, cutlery were changed with every course and our server even offered to take our picture. (couple of pics actually!)

BOA gives you great value for your money, especially if you decide to do the tasting menu, although a little adjustment is needed on seasoning its meat. 

The bachelor party across our table? no extra seasoning needed ;)笑
As a local, it takes a lot to get me to the strip just to eat a meal, even if it is at a steakhouse that's supposedly one of the best in Vegas.  We've got tons of them.  But when I heard that Boa was having their 5 year anniversary and were offering 50% off their entire menu, I had to go try it.  Boy am I glad I did.

From the moment my girlfriend and I walked in, we were treated to fantastic service.  A manager passed us and greeted us, and even though it was odd that we didn't get menus when we sat down, they arrived shortly.

We started with the fritto misto, which is a calamari and artichoke dish.  My girlfriend loves artichokes, so she was very disappointed when it arrived and there were only two pieces in all of the calamari.  I asked our waitress Winnie if this was normal, and she said it was.  She explained the dish further to me and told us next time we could request extra artichokes.  Then two minutes later she came back with a bowl of artichokes for us, as she said my girlfriend's face looked like her dog had died when she found out the lack of artichoke was normal.  That was awesome of her.

For our main course, I took the waitress's recommendation of the rib eye, and my girlfriend had the prawns.  Neither of us were disappointed.  Her prawns were big and had a great flavor to them.  My steak was prepared to perfection... probably the best rib eye I've ever eaten.  I didn't even need the sauce I had ordered.

We were stuffed when Winne brought the dessert menu, but we looked it over anyways.  Chocolate filled donut holes with two dipping sauces?  How do we say no to that.  Let's just say we were overstuffed when we left.

Our entire bill pre-discount was $102, so $51.  Oh how I wish it was always $51 for this meal.  Worth it at $102, but probably going to save my pennies and hope they run this promotion at their 6 year anniversal.  Well done, Boa.笑
Ok...this place is killer. One would think because its in a "mall" that it cant be good.  The mall its in is the Forum Shops at Ceasars so its no ordinary mall.

Anyway, i have eaten here about 5 times in the last year (2007).  Most meals have been with clients and groups from 3-12.  Evey time we have eaten here, we find the decor, atmosphere, menu, food, and service excellent until sometime around desert.  At that point, i dont know if they have a policy to start blowing you off, or if they really are trying to make it all euro and give you your time.  All i know is that it pisses me, and some of my more impatient friends off and it has happened consistently all 5 times we have gone.

Is that disappearing act enough to keep me from coming back?  obviously not.  The place just needs to get some of their service issues worked out and it will be a perfect 10.

WBV笑
Went to Boa at the Forum Shops for my boyfriend's birthday dinner during Labor Day Weekend. 

Being at Caesar's Palace and a steakhouse, I knew it was gonna cost my a pretty penny. DUH! 

It was lovely (and thank God it wasnt too crowded) and romantic. The waiter (damn forgot his name) was awesome, polite and attentive. My boyfriend ordered the Porterhouse steak with mashed potatoes, which he loved... and I wasnt in the mood for beef so I ordered the Ahi Tuna, which was perfect because Boa owns Sushi Roku or vice versa... The ahi tuna was pretty delicious and scrumptous with a side a mashed potatoes with a touch of wasabi flavoring (?).  

All in all, great romantic spot with good food, great service and YUMMY Boa 405 cocktail, its a must try!笑
ラスベガスのショッピングモールThe Forum Shopsにあるステーキ屋。

AppetizerのChilled Seafood Platter(シーフード盛り合わせ)はロブスター、タラバガニ足及び爪、生牡蠣、生ハマグリなどすごい盛り合わせでウエディングケーキのようで圧倒される。ちなみに価格は時価($200以上)。

メインはPremium Japanese WAGYU 6オンスを注文 (時価 $200以上) 
じゅわっと脂が広がりすごくおいしかったです。

8人でワインを飲み$2,400位かかりました。

高いですが同価格帯の近隣のステーキハウスより美味しかったです。笑
Picture it, Forum Shops, Friday evening table for one.

When dining alone I love sitting at the bar and the guys at BOA are just another reason why. Super friendly service, great drinks and a steak that makes you want to slap your gramma!

Since my current alcoholic crush is on gin I sampled a few of their crafted cocktails made of the stuff, each drink went so well with everything -- I really wanted this meal to go on for days. 

I started with a wedge salad (hold the bacon), the lettuce was fresh and the dressing was super creamy, this was delicious! Next up the star of the show, a juicy delicious piece of boneless rib eye cooked to perfection! I don't think I have ever eaten so slowly. 

No way there's room for dessert you say, oh, but there was. Three chocolate cupcakes topped with torched marshmallow and served with fresh whipped cream. I pretty much went back to my hotel room and passed out after this meal, it was well worth the hefty price tag. 

Next time I'm in Vegas and looking for a piece of steak BOA will be a must re-visit.笑
One of the best steaks ever. Very knowledgeable staff that pairs wine well with the meal, steaks are prepared to precise tastes. I have tried multiple steakhouses and so far BOA is the only place that can get a medium rare filet mignon blackened with pepper crust right. 

The price is high, but if $$$ is not a concern for a special occasion it's highly recommended. 

Great ambiance and if you make reservations ask for the patio seating overlooking the strip.笑
i loved loved loved loved this place!!

we went to vegas for an anniversary weekend, and i didnt know that my bf made reservations here. usualyl when i go to vegas, i like to hit the buffets and eat till my belly protrudes like a balloon. however, this time i was not feeling so great, maybe from the heat, exhaustion, who knows. but when we went to the buffets, i could barely finish a plate of food. 
on our second night, my bf took me here for diinner. 
i started off with a cocktail. i dont rememebr the name, but it had lychee and blueberyr in it..it was YUMM.
as usual, i ordered my filet, he had the porterhouse. i didnt want to order my own steak because i thought i wouldnt be able to finish it since i wasnt feelign very good, and didnt have much of an appetite. boy was i glad i orderd my own steak. 

when the steaks came, i noticed a roasted garlic bulb on my plate. i lOVE garlic, so i got excited and started eating my steak with the garlic and straight horseradish. next thing you know, im done. it was soo delicious!
our server was very kind and offered us all of these different steak sauces from peppercorn sauce to wine reduction, and a bunch more. we tried them all and they were all very good. 
we had potato gratin and wild mushrooms as our sides. the mushrooms were delicious, but the potatoes were eh~.
we had creme brulee for dessert and it was really god as well!

i really recommend this place! it was worth every penny! now i want to try the one in santa monica.笑
Not very impressed with this spot.  The food was mediocre and of course the prices are high.  Service was mediocre at best...nothing exceptional.

It was extremely bright inside as well and I wished it was a little darker.  There are better steakhouses out there for the price you pay.  I heard the BoA in LA is a lot better I would avoid this one if I am spending that much money笑
I am writing this almost 6 months too late.  My husband and I ate here back in October as a pre-first anniversary celebratory dinner.  I have to say in all sincerity that this was probably the best meal I've ever eaten at a restaurant.

We had trouble choosing a place before we went out to Vegas but I came across a Groupon for BOA about a month before we left.  So I bought it and made reservations for 8pm on a Friday night via opentable.com.  

It took us a little while to find it because we weren't staying in Caesars and that place is a bit of a maze.  I also have to take part of the blame because I was wearing heels so I couldn't walk as fast :)

I had read reviews on trip advisor to ask for a table on the terrace.  That was an excellent tip!  I asked the hostess and she accomodated us with no problem.  We were seated pretty much immediately and had a fantastic view of the Strip on a gorgeous October evening.  The ambiance played a big role in how much we enjoyed our experience.

I really wish I could remember our waiters' names.  They were phenomenal.  All of their suggestions knocked it out of the park.  We started with drinks, a BOA 405 for me and a local beer for my husband.  Both drinks were delicious.  We skipped appetizers because we wanted to indulge on side items.  

My husband ordered the 40 day dry aged NY Strip and I had the petit filet with creamy horseradish sauce.  For our sides we ordered the truffle mac and cheese, sauteed seasonal mushrooms and chipotle lime corn (at the suggestion of our watier).  All of our food was delicous.  I cannot rave about the chipotle lime corn enough.  It was something I would never have ordered myself but it blew me away.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly and we enjoyed everything, except the truffle mac and cheese.  But that's not due to the restaurant.  I just don't like truffle oil.

All in all it was a wonderful experience and I'd recommend it and hope to return there on my next visit to Las Vegas.笑
Happpppy hour!  Your must go for happy hour. Took my mom last night. 5$ appies and 1/2 off sig drinks at the bar!

Truffle nachos, calamari, and the most juicy beef sliders. So delicious!!  

Drinks were the BOA 405. Black pepper, balsamic vinegar strawberries and citrus. 

Divine!

Oh and the gentleman behind the bar was pretty hot stuff. So friendly. Gorgeous too! He really made great suggestions on drinks and fixin's.  Will be back!笑
I am not sure why this is listed as closed because the website for Las Vegas still shows it alive and well. I was in Vegas for a convention and had dinner here. though Caesers may have lots its glitter as a premium Vegas hotel this restaurant has not. It is as good as ever. The steaks as well as the sides were all first class as was the service. It is clear that the clientele is well healed and accustomed to the best of the best and this place delivers. If I could give it 4.5 stars I would its that good.笑
This place was great.  I cannot say enough about the great food and service [Thanks Kelly!].  We went while in Vegas on the 4th of July weekend for a friend's birthday and they really made it special...we had a table by the windows that showed the whole strip [we wanted outside, but it was like 95 degrees at 8pm], our server went so far as to go to their sister restaurant [Sushi Roku] because someone in our party wanted sushi instead of steak, and they came out with a blow torch and a roman candle and really made a scene with dessert to celebrate the birthday [ps - get the doughnut balls for dessert!].  It was expensive, however, well worth it for special occasions.  We will DEFINITELY be back whenever we are in town!笑
Excellent food, even better service.  It's not often that I'm impressed by yet another steakhouse, but BOA was very good.  I would recommend it for a nice romantic or small group dinner.笑
Our waiter was great, he knew the menu very well and helped our nice big party of 8 guys associate their meals.  The table side caesar is a must try, and the complimentary rolls are a perfect moist.  The steaks came out just the way we asked.  

I'd pass on the desserts though, it was no where complimenting the food.  That's why it lost a star.笑
Went here last night to use my $50 worth of food for $25 Groupon that was about to  expire, with a friend.

My reservations via OpenTable were for 7:30 PM. Apparently my friend didn't know her way around Caesar's and finally showed up at 7:50 PM. The host (I suspect manager - an asian guy in his 30's) talked to me for a bit in the lounge while I waited for my friend. Two guys at the bar apparently knew everybody in sight and the chef came out to speak with them so I was able to see him and say "hi."

This place gets a star for not turning my friend away at the door. I'll admit that I didn't tell her to dress up, but to my credit, I told her it was a pretty expensive steakhouse and she didn't take heed. Luckily, I threw my fur coat on her, and we were seated pretty quickly. The dining room is nice, but it was very empty. Apparently, according to staff, this time of year is extremely slow - so go in! You'll get more attentive service!

I had the Boa Chop Chop salad ($14), hold the chickpeas, my friend had the Caesar salad ($14), made table side and we split the $9 sweet potato fries, served with ketchup and blue cheese dipping sauce. My salad was pretty tiny and bland, so I mixed in a bit of the blue cheese dipping sauce from the fries and it was better. My friend didn't eat much of her salad but said it was good. She took it to go.

We still had $10 left to play with for the meal, so we ordered the donuts to go because we weren't hungry and didn't feel like eating them. I didn't see them on the menu, but I think they were under $7. My sister liked them when I got home this morning, but my youngest sister and brother didn't. Oh well. 

The food was okay, nothing to write home about, and the service was great, but overall, it's not worth the prices by a long shot.笑
We hit a steakhouse on every trip, so we have been to a ton. Boa is in the Caesar's Forum shops, so it was really convenient since we were seeing a show at Caesar's. I was nervous about the mixed reviews, but we had a fantastic experience. The decor is very modern, but comfortable. The host staff was very friendly and accommodating when we wanted to have a drink in the bar first. Bar staff was great and the Martini's were perfect. Our waiter was really great and we had excellent service throughout. I was really impressed. The food was outstanding. Goat Cheese Baklava was heaven and the Wedge was one of the best I have ever tasted. Great fresh Blue Cheese hunks. We tried the 40 day aged NY and the Bone in Rib Eye. All cooked perfectly and served hot. The sides were served family style and were very good. Wine service was also very good, and I am picky. Excellent list, but a bit pricey (From 2-3X retail) They did bring good stemware and changed glasses between wines. All in all a really good night. I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because it was pricey, even by Vegas standards.笑
I came here for a birthday dinner tonight and this is probably a restaurant I would not have chosen on my own if it was not for the large party birthday dinner. It is in the middle of Ceaser's forum shops, and the decor is very modern and trendy inside. It is not a large restaurant but it is also right next door to Sushi Roku. 

They start you off with yummmmmy bread, it had rosemary in it, came out fresh and hot and tasted like a lighter focaccia bread. i think I had like 2 and a half rolls because it was so delicious. I then had the Boa Chop Chop salad which I thought was really great. It had chickpeas, cheese, ham, salami, pepporcinis and was very good. Some other people in our party had the ceaser salad and they prepare it tableside which is kind of cool. 

For entrees my bf and I shared the filet and spaghetti with kobe meatballs. The fillet was not bad but I have had better steak elsewhere, we had a side of Bearnaise sauce, and my favorite part was the roasted garlic half  that came on the side. Some of the sides we had were the truffle mac and cheese (a favorite of the group), potato au gratin were good too. 

For dessert, the tiramisu was delicious, and I tried the banana bread with toffee sauce. Yumm. I've really got to say this was a great restaurant, the service was good, and we got a 20% locals discount.笑
Dinner was delicious chop chop salad, medium-rare filet mignon (cooked perfectly), medium porterhouse steak (very slightly overcooked), heavenly truffled mac n cheese, creamed spinach (needed salt), and fries (wasnt so special to me).  I'm not sure about their fish and poultry entrees but steak entrees only come with the meat and your choice of rub and/or sauce.  Sides are ordered separately.  The restaurant is dim and very romantic yet good for groups as well.  Service was very good and attentive.  A must try is the BOA 405 cocktail (strawberry cocktail with some type of crushed pepper...forgot what it was but it was awesome)!  Dessert was creme brulee...disappointing as it didnt come out warm but cold.  I think all creme brulee served at restaurants, especially higher end ones should only be served warm.  Overall I enjoyed my meal but with so many other restaurants in Vegas I'll most likely not come back for dinner, but definitely coming back for the 405 cocktail!  3.5 stars.笑
Love this place. Great service, great food, great atmosphere.  Of course, it helps when your friends know the GM and chefs.  Foie gras, truffle nachos and porterhouse stand out most.笑
I loved this place.  We were in town for a few days and decided to go to a nice dinner before we went to see a show.  BOA was fantastic.  

The decor was beautiful and the staff was outstanding.  Our waiters helper dude recommended the best drinks to start with.  I got the BOA 405, it's delicious.  My boyfriend got the gold something.  It was very good, but very strong.  To start we got the Caesar salad. They prepare it table-side.  It was good, not the best ever, but very good.  For dinner I got the petite filet.  I get filet at every steak house I go to and this one was outstanding.  Cooked to perfection and just delicious.  Bob got porterhouse and he loved it.  We split a side dish, we got the smoked cheddar and bacon mashed potatoes.  Oh those were just the most tasty thing.  I was full but I didn't want the waiter to take the plate away because it was so good.  We had no room for dessert.  I wish we would have because I'm sure it would have been great.  

I know there are lots of great places in Vegas, but when we come back I would not be surprised if we came back here again.笑
Background: Hey, I lived in the Iowa for a year and a half with an expense account. I know good beef. The best corn-fed beef on the planet. 

So where the heck does BOA get it's meat? They had better keep it secret because it's more than good. It's just about the best cut of meat I've ever had. Oh, and defintely some of the most expensive.

Vegas makes me think "all show, no go." I've had numerous meals here which make me think, "...ok, the food sucked, but the people are so pretty and well-dressed." BOA is definitely an exception.

Tender. Flavorful. Without fail. Eyebrows will raise. Conversations cease.

You choose a cut, a rub and a sauce. I had the Kobe flat iron steak with foie gras butter. I also had some of my friend's bone-in ribeye (peppercorn rub) and some bone-in filet (peppercorn rub).

Sauces? I noticed that most of the table didn't really have much of their sauce. Everyone was just enjoying the meat too much.

In most cases, all of the guests at my 12 person table declared the meat to be the best steak they could remember. Most of these folks had been to Trotter's and Luger's at least once.

The sides and salads are definitely good, but who cares. MEAT.

Ambience - very swanky LA feel. Dark. Pretty people. Oppressively attractive hostess. Even if you hate that stuff, eat here anyway.

SF Alternatives: the bone-in ribeye at Bob's Steak and Chop House (Omni Hotel).笑
My fiance & I decided to take advantage of restaurant week, so we made a reservation at BOA.  This is the sister of Sushi Roku (right next door in the new mall) but different in service and food.  We arrived 10 minutes early for our reservation of 8:45pm and we asked how much longer it would be at 9:00.  The host & hostess said they were setting a table, but at 9:15 we were still sitting in the bar very hungry.  We walked out to the entrance and stood so that we were not being forgotten.  It worked and we were sat a few minutes later.  Our waiter was wonderful and the food was delicious and the Manager came and apologized for the delay directly.  They also comped our two drinks.  It was very busy, so we will give them another chance on a less busy day.  The tuna tar tar, salmon on spinach & donut hole dessert were wonderful & there were a nice variety of people.  Will review again after the 2nd chance in the future.笑
This place is legid! that's the word I would use. I had the riibeye and mannnnnn was it good! This place is right up there with top steakhouses like Mastro's笑
There are so many steakhouses in Vegas to choose from, but I've heard good reviews about BOA from numerous websites. I was expecting a better view of the strip, but it still wasn't bad. The filet was good, not great. If you're a fish lover, the sea bass is perfect; it melts in your mouth with every bite. 

I'd recommend getting the caesar salad as an appetizer-they make the dressing at your table! The mac n cheese is a very good side dish. Going for a birthday sweetens everything because they give you a huge candle that sparkles at your table. I was impressed, but it was a little overpriced. What do you expect for Vegas though.笑
Came here to celebrate completing my third half marathon and was not disappointed! The ambiance is open yet dark and rather trendy. 

I had a $50 gift certificate thanks to a Living Social deal which definitely helped with the bill; but even without I think it would have been worth it.

Things got off to a good start when a server brought out warm rolls which were crusty on the outside and doughy/flaky on the inside, almost like a croissant.

For 3, we ordered 2 salads and both were yummy! Fresh and flavorful! 

For dinner I got the bone in filet mignon, by far my favorite cut of meat and even more so when I can find it with the bone-in. Came out perfectly cooked rare. 

Side of truffled mac and cheese was DELICIOUS! While it looked a little small, it was so rich the portion was perfect. For other less rich sides, I am not sure if the price is justified for the size.

Definitely worth a visit.笑
This place was top notch. We asked for a table with a view and were taken out to a beautiful balcony overlooking the strip. Throughout dinner we looked at Paris and the Bellagio watershow. Absolutely stunning.
Dinner was so great.  Had tuna tartare, Chilean sea bass grilled and petite filet. Pricey but nothing you wouldn't expect from a popular upscale steakhouse. Completely worth it, will definitely be back!!笑
This five star rating comes from my husband, who won't open a Yelp account. I don't feel qualified to rate this steakhouse because as a vegetarian who only ordered the Chop Chop Salad ($13) sans the salami, it seems illegal to comment on the quality of the food! 

We had reservations for 8:30 and were sent to the bar for about 30 minutes. I really didn't mind because it stretched out the evening. Plus, I've come to concluded that this is how things work in Vegas. Make a reservation, come on time, and hang at the bar so the restaurant can make more money. That's fine, it's Vegas! Hubby ordered Chamay Ales and it came in a custom Chamay glass, very cool. I got my standard dirty martini. It was good, but the two I had a Tao were better, although smaller. BOA pours some solid drinks. You get your money's worth. 

We were finally sat at a booth table in the dark, classy dining room.  They immediately brought out rosemary rolls that tasty like little croissants, yum! For appetizers we got the truffle nachos ($13) which were pretty good. I wouldn't get them again, tho. I think my husband would. For dinner he got the 40-day aged strip steak ($42) cooked medium rare with no sauces or rubs - he likes his steaks pure. He said it was amazing, cooked perfectly, generous cut of meat with hardly any fat. He said based on the steak alone this place gets a 5 star. We ordered the truffle macaroni and cheese as a side. De-freakin-licious. ($12).

Also, the servers were amazing. The hostesses were so nice and chatty. The bartenders are fun to talk to and our waiter was funny. This place knows how to hire them!笑
Well I came to yelp for help before booking my Christmas dinner this year in Vegas.  Maybe it was because it was Christmas but I was severely underwhelmed by this place.  The decor is very nice, very trendy chic but personally I prefer my steakhouses a bit more cozy.  There are some booths in the middle of the restaurant but the tables around the edges of the rooms aren't big enough for the plates.
We had:

Caesar salad: Made table side with the dressing made from scratch.  it was ok and a portion big enough for 2 as an appetizer - very garlicky though
Fois gras something something: meh... served with caramelized apples.  the presentation was pretty but the taste was so so and definitely didn't justify the price tag.  

Petit filet: good but not that hot when it arrived
Rib eye: decidedly average, a bit sinewy
Mashed potatoes: these were good 
Charred broccoli: good flavor but a bit chewy
Flan: this was disappointing, it was really dense not light like I was expecting.

But the bread served before the appetizers was great! hahaha...

The service was just ok too, the wine waiter didn't seem to be able to recommend anything for my pallet and the best of the bunch was the guy that filled up our water glasses!  

Generally, this place seemed just a tad too happy with itself.  But I guess that's an easy trap to fall into in Vegas.  Next time I'll go back to Hugo's Cellar, it's worth the trip downtown.笑
I'm torn here.  I feel like I should give it a four or five star, but my gut is telling me 3 stars.  It's a beautiful restaurant.  We had a great table with a view of the Strip and the Bellagio fountains.  The waiter was truly awesome.  The menu was very interesting, with some great sounding appetizers, sides and entres.  I was there with my wife, my brother and his daughter, who was in town to celebrate her 21st birthday later that night.  So all the pieces were in place for a wonderful experience.  For some reason, the food did not live up to my expectations, and maybe that's on me.  We tried a variety of appetizers, steaks, sides and desserts.
They were all equally good, just not great.笑
Best burger I've ever had!

I came here for lunch on my last trip to Las Vegas with my friends. I had done some research before I got there and was looking for a nice and reasonable place to have lunch (gotta budget yourself in Vegas!). I saw on their menu that they had a Kobe beef burger and prime beef sandwich. I had to go try it out.

The Kobe beef burger was melt in your mouth good. And for only $12??? Incredible. 

The prime beef sandwich was a great preview of what their steaks for dinner could be. Came with a salad with this super tasty dressing. I don't remember what it was but I've never had a dressing like that anywhere else before. 

Next time I come to Vegas I'm going to save up some money so I can check out their dinner entrees. I'm always down for a good steak. =) 

But if you're on a budget, this place is great for a nice lunch without emptying your wallet.笑
What can I say? Overpriced? Yea, probably so. But it was one of, if not the best dinner of my life. 
Started with drinks at the bar, I think they're might have been a drop or two of cranberry juice the rest was pure Belvedere bliss!! After just one drink, it felt like I was floating to our very private, romantic window booth that overlooked the strip. Our waiter was fabulous and very helpful. We asked about the Kobe flat iron simply because we didn't know what it was and it was the only inexpensive cut on the menu. He explained it and we both knew it was not what we wanted. We went the filet mingon-you can't go wrong with the filet. And if your going to spend the money, you might as well spend ALL the money!! 

Everything is a la carte so when you order your cut that's all you get. We each ordered a side; truffle macaroni & cheese and butternut squash. Ok, the filet was delicious. Every bite melted in your mouth. We didn't order any of the rubs or sauces they offer-we just wanted pure beef in all it's glory. The filets were prepared to perfection. But I know it won't be the last perfect filet I eat so let's get back to those sides. The butternut squash was delicious. Tender, sweet with an ever so slight kick to it. Great veggie choice. The truffle mac & cheese was out of this world. To die for. The most amazing mac & cheese I've ever had or ever will have. It was rich and creamy. The truffles gave it the most unbelievable and luxurious flavor. Yes!! It was pure luxury. If mac & cheese were cars,  a box of kraft would be a moped from the late 70's and BOA's truffle mac & cheese is a Bugatti. 

Dessert did not disappoint. We ordered the special dessert-it may have been a Valentines special since we were there Valentines weekend. It was warm sugared doughnut holes with a Godiva heart in the middle served with warm caramel & vanilla sauces to dip these warm, doughy, sugary pieces of heaven into. It was so delish and the most perfect ending to a most perfect dinner. 

So the price of this dinner for just the two us-which was 2 drinks, 2 filets, 2 sides, 1 dessert + tip was just about $200. Yes, looking back that seems extreme, but that night and in that moment, it was worth every single penny. Everyone deserves a dinner like this, at least once a year.笑
Wow! This was impressive. Absolutely loved the decor, although I think we went there too early. Around 7pm and the place was barely getting going, then again, it is Vegas. We would have gone later but had a show to catch. The food however was fantastic. We had kobe flat iron steaks. They melt in your mouth. Also, the truffle oil macaroni and cheese was to die for. The tableside  ceasar was spicy! Not sure why, but it was still cool to have someone come to your table and make everything by scratch in front of you. Definitely recommend the goat cheese and truffle oil bak lava. Very rich experience.笑
gorgeous interior design, patio overlooking the strip, friendly bar staff and AMAZING food. A+ for table side, prime steak tartare ! They mix the fine cut prime with fresh ingredients right at your table. don't miss the lump ble crab cocktail either! Nom nom nom for sure!笑
After a long day of gambling, drinking, and losing all my money. My friends and I decided we needed to treat ourselves to a nice meal. We only ended going to BOA because it was on their close circuit TV. See people, subliminal messages works. 
I was pretty intoxicated when I got there so everything on the menu sounded great. I ordered the $45 Porterhouse. I've lost so much at this point, $45 sounded like a good deal. The steak was nicely cooked but once again, it didn't really wow me. What did make me say "wow" was their 2 signature drinks. I do not recall what they were called but one was made with fresh strawberries, vodka (I believe), balsamic vinegar ( 
yes! vinegar!), and crushed peppers to top it off. To my amazement, it tasted like candy. The other drink was a rum based drink with pineapple and some other ingredients i cannot recall. Just ask about the 2 signature drinks and they'll tell you. I'll definitely go back for the drinks. As for the steak, I think I'll pass on a $45 Porterhouse next time. BTW, you can order sushi from Sushi Roku next deal if you wanted.笑
This place seems very classy, trendy. The menu had a handful of good selections. We had the Table Side Classic Caeser, which the dressing itself and salad were made right at your table. We had the Rib-eye with herbed butter and filet mignon with creamy horseradish. Both came out cooked the way we wanted, perfectly. The dish also came with half a bulb of garlic that has been roasted in the oven so it was super soft and very yummy with the steak and mash potatoes! We also had the mashed sour cream and chives. 
We also had a drink, I believe it was called BOA 504, it had fresh strawberries, vodka , balsamic vinegar and black pepper! Worth trying!笑
This was a very special occasion. We drove from SJ just to eat at Dining Out /Special Restaurant Week. They have a 3 course at fixed price of $50.09. I've never tried escargo before so we added that for our appetizer. For the first course, we had the ceasar salad, asparagas soup and tuna tartar. Out of all these, the best was the Ceasar Salad. It was made fresh by our table side. For the second course my boyfriend had the filet mignon medallions and I had the Salmon. Both of these were cooked to perfection. The steak tasted so good I thought I was in heaven. The cocktails were also very good (if you like girly strong drinks). We did not get to eat the donut holes everyone has been raving about because my bf and his friend didn't feel well (too much partying!) We ended up leaving and the waitress felt so bad we couldn't stay for dessert. She took my cocktail drink off my bill and told us we could come back for it later that night. SERVICE was a 10 as she catered to our needs the whole night. When I didn't eat my soup, she offered to get me a salad or something else...........now this is fine dining. I felt like a Queen. I sure will come back there AND willing to pay full price for it. Well worth the $$$$, every bit of it.笑
I'd eaten at the BOA in Santa Monica a couple of years ago and wasn't impressed, so my expectations weren't high, but the Las Vegas location exceeded them in stellar fashion. The food and service were phenomenal.  

I started with the Caesar salad, which they make table side, and it was excellent. 

My main course was the petite filet mignon with blue cheese and Cabernet sauce -- one of the best steaks I've ever had. 

The truffle mac and cheese was outstanding -- I was sharing with friends, but I could have eaten the whole bowl myself. The bacon and cheddar mashed potatoes were also very good.  

For dessert, I had the chocolate chip cookies served with vanilla ice cream. The ice cream was good -- it had a really nice texture. The cookies looked and tasted like slice and bake. I was OK with that, because I actually like slice and bake cookies and they were good, though not what I expected.笑
Too bad its the last night this was amazing. No joke, as easy five stars. The crab cake was great, the smoked salmon was like no other. I ordered the new Zealand lamb and the marinade was unbelievably rich. Every bite hit my taste buds and sent them on an airplane ride out of town. I should have known how amazing it would all taste when that moist little roll disappeared like a cloud in my mouth. 

The service was over the top, especially for a place that was closing down. Im sad to see it go. Everyone in the crew treated us with the upmost respect and they did not shy away from providing superior service. I wish everyone involved in this place the best of luck.笑
Introduction:

Took my parents here for dinner one night during our stay for their 30th wedding anniversary, we had a party of 4.  I put my better half in charge of finding a good steak place and she came to settle on BOA based on other reviews, etc.  We had dinner on a Wednesday night and the place was fairly empty.  The service from the hostess was prompt and they allowed us to basically pick where we wanted to sit.  The decor is nice and the place has a generally good vibe.  Not a typical "mens club" steakhouse feel but a very upbeat which one would argue is typical of Las Vegas.

Appetizers:

1 Bottle of Pinot Noir - I do not recall exactly which bottle but it was very nice and reasonably priced.

Chilled Jumbo Prawns - Large, fresh and excellent.  They couldnt have been done any better.

Calamari - Again, fresh and done just right.  Not the rubbery mess that you can sometimes get but very well done fresh calamari.

Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Spot on, lots of crab and very tasty.

Organic Baby Greens - Fresh greens and the balsamic dressing was done right.

Dinner:

Jumbo Prawns - A little hesitant to order these after already having shrimp for an appetizer but she wasnt disappointed.  Good flavor, grilled perfectly, not dried out which can typically happen at lesser restaurants.

40 Day Dry Aged NY Strip - Wow.  Stop the bus.  Hold the presses.  Being from Kansas and a total meat lover I have eaten countless steaks at some of the best steakhouses in the country, not to mention farm fresh steak from locally grown cattle in Kansas.  The steak here was done to perfection!  This is easily in the top 5 steaks of all time.  If you come for nothing else than a steak, just do it!

Sides:

For sides we did family style with mashed potatoes, baked potato and two orders of sauteed mushrooms.  All of these where done correctly.  I really enjoyed the sauteed mushrooms

Dessert:

For desert we had a selection of sorbet, cake (I forget exactly which), coffee and tea.  Again the expectations were totally met and everything was delicious.

Summary:

The service, the food and the ambiance was done to perfection.  I would go back there in a heartbeat and recommend this restaurant highly to anyone go to Las Vegas that enjoys an excellent steak.笑
Really loved my tuna tartar, and the organic green salad. Between the two appetizers and an iced tea, that made the PERFECT lunch.笑
It closed?! what the?!

I remember coming here about half a year ago, and everything was perfect.  Great steak, fresh beer, great service.

BUT the salad was phenominal, I hands down couldn't believe how great it was.

Shame to hear this place closed down but it was one of the good ones.笑
So walking in and checking in with the hostess, i was expecting the worse service of my life the two girls were extremely RUDE....However, ignoring the catastrophe I went directly to the bar, were i met the greatest BARtender of all time !!!! Eric!!!! i ordered my usual Tanagra Martini and with that received a sample of a drink that he made for a couple next to me..... After given a few samples i was off to dinner with my group.... The meal was top 10 one of the best... I recommend the bone in steak medium rear, so delicious and tender you can practically cut your meat with a fork.... Other then the great entree the sides were delicious, i most defiantly have to recommend the Mac and Cheese not your average dish at all... With all the delicious food going around a friend of mine ordered a drink from the bar and with his drink came along a mini shot of the drink he was drinking from ERIC....... Nothing like a mini surprise to top the night...Other then the start of the night the rest was perfect.笑
My new wife an I decided to go to a "good" steak house on our honey moon before taking in a show. While sarching the Internet I found BOA, the ambiance was just what I was looking for. Loungy yet upscale. I was some what aprehensibe as it was a new restaurant but I figured what the hey we will try it. We arrived about 20min early and were still seated +1, we accidently asked the buss boy for our drinks (LOL) but when our waiter came to our table about twoimuyes later he confirmed our drink order. Every question asked was answered thuroughly and without hesitation.  I ordered the American Kobe, my wife ordered the filet mignon and shrimp, when it came to the sides we hesitated a little and our waiter informed us that each side was more than enough for two and we could share( when you spend $50 on a steak that shouldn't matter but to me that was amazing) our sides were the garlic mashed potatoes and the bamboo steammed veggies. If I was to complain about anything at this restaurant it would be the over cooked veggies but then again almost all restuarants over cook their veggies. All in all if you don't mind spending the money our dinner was about $225 with tip then by all means put BOA steak house at the top of you list. This is comming from a man with two chefs one being his wife and the other being his brother. The Kobe was amazing!!!! The service was stellar and the drinks wow we only needed the one Sri k if we wanted to walk out of their on our own two feet. Lmao "good eats" people.笑
I give it 5 stars because I remember the porterhouse I had.  It was one of those steaks that I remember which means its good.  Its not cheap, but the food was awesome so its worth it.  The sides were equally amazing.  We shared a few different choices as a group and all left very happy.笑
Very nice place, however it was a little tough to get to solely because of where in the Forum Shops it is located.    If you take cab - it is a long walk from the taxi stand.   If you walk, it is basically right inside from the Strip entrance on 3rd floor.   (I would walk it if you can)

There were 14 of us in our party, so we were smartly assigned 2 waiters to keep control of things.笑
The food was great, the service was awesome! Our waiter Charles was the greatest! So helpful and nice! It was our friends birthday and he comp'd us these truffle nachos, soooo goood!; took off the cork-age fee (well we did buy another $300 bottle soo...); and comp'd us the dessert donuts! So awesome!! I had the wagyu, it was delish! Side dishes, we had the loaded mash potatoes (yum), the mac and cheese (double yum!), and the roasted corn (my fav!!) Husband has the bone in ribeye was really good! and added a lobster tail which was Gigantic!! Overall it was the best dining experience i've had in Vegas and it wasn't even in one of those Thomas Keller or Food Network Star owned restaurants! This is a definite must! And if you can you should eat out side on their patio there's a great view of the strip and all the lights!笑
Be prepared to spend, but it is well worth it! I came here again after originally going here a couple of years ago. This place is great. 

I started off in the bar while we waited to be seated. I had the dapper gent, which was delicious. When seated I basically had what I had last time because it was so good. I ordered the New York steak with veggies and fries. It was fantastic! I recommend coming to BOA. I'm sure I will be eating here yet again sometime in the future. Its that good!!笑
An outstanding restaurant.  We arrived a bit early and had drinks in the lounge before dinner.  Once seated at our table, the service was excellent and our dinners (surf & turf aka lobster & steak) were all top shelf.  They have an excellent wine collection and their desserts and quite good as well.笑
This is a real hip looking restuarant with a price tag to go with it. Not that that's bad, but the service was only o.k. for such an upscale place. The "busboys" were actually more efficient than our waiter who was too busy looking lost. He didn't really seem that well versed on their menu, something I just expect at a "fine dining" establishment. The ambience of the place was cool and the restrooms (funny as that sounds) was really quite pretty, maybe that's why the girls a few tables over kept visiting it. Everything is a la carte, so if you order steak, you gotta pay for the sides. The sides are large enough to share. The also have a set menu with your choice of salad, kobe beef or salmon, with 2 sides and dessert, which was a creme brulee that could have been smoother. Overall, decent food but service was lacking.笑
dont come here if you want decent steak.  come here if you want snobby steak.  which means small overrated portions of food.  the filet mignon was ok, but what i paid for it, NO WAY.  service was really great though, and the food arrived quickly.  crab cakes were the highlight of the meal.笑
I went here for my birthday with my friends. it was a big group of people. Place was packed. 

My gf and I was there along with one other friend before my other friends showed up. We set around the bar/lounge are and my gf had a coke. They said the coke was on the house. =) haha although it was a small thing but it made us felt welcome. 
After all my friends got there we had a large meal with couple bottle of wine. They gave us dissert on the house for my birthday. Food was good, although they put little too much peppercorn on my peppercorn steak. 

Service was great even though their waiter must have been busy with all the tables filled up. Waiter also had a sense of humor which made our dining experience even better. 

I will be back next time I visit Vegas again. I would recommend this place to everyone.笑
A coworker raved about his dinner at BOA Steakhouse.  At the time I have never heard of the restaurant, and BOA only conjures up images of a bank or the popular Korean singer. A few weeks later, I bought a Groupon for BOA ($25 for $50 worth of food and drinks) so I can go try it out for myself.

Making the reservation was painless and easy.  But finding the restaurant itself was a little tougher, since it is located a bit off the beaten path (3rd floor of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shop).
The restaurant itself was very nice, but when I arrived for my early reservation, only the front part and the bar was opened for seating.

My waitress was friendly and handed me my menu (for lunch) shortly after I picked out and sat at my table, but gave me the dinner menu once I asked for it.

The menu options look interesting, with the typical categories of items found at steakhouses.

For my appetizer I went with the Goat Cheese Bakalava served with pistachio, black truffles and a few pieces of frissee ($14).  I liked it, plus it was different from the usual steakhouse appetizers. Definitely worth a try if you are feeling adventurous.

And selected the 21-days Dry Aged Bone-In Rib-eye and opted for the Blue Cheese Crust (it was that or Foie Gras Butter), the waitress also brought out their Signature J-1 Sauce (tomato based, with Sriracha for that extra spicy kick, even thought it was pretty mild).  The steak had nice flavor, a great blue cheese crust, but slightly over done (probably after broiling the blue cheese crust). 

After that I was looking forward to a refreshing dessert, but most of the desserts found on their menu didn't look appealing or were too typical for me at the time, and I eventually opted to get a scoop of gelato instead. 

Decor - 4/5  Nice and elegant.
Food - 4/5 I enjoyed everything I ordered.
Service - 4/5 Friendly, not high pressure.
Price - Pricey, but it is a steakhouse and one located inside a Las Vegas casino no less.
Location - 3/5 needed directions from the receptionist/hostess to navigate my way there.

Overall 4/5.  

If you have local ID, you can get 20% off.  Not a bad deal.笑
The BOA 405 cocktail is a must and possibly my favorite thing about the dining experience.  My filet was decent but I've had better, the lobster was slightly fishy and the potatoes with cheddar and bacon were runny.  The place was also oddly empty for 8:30 PM on a Thursday.  My advice is to grab a cocktail and sit on the patio over looking the strip.笑
WHY DID THEY CLOSE MY FAVORITE STEAK PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I used to come here and sit at the bar by myself... order one of their fabulous cocktails.

the mixologists were amazing...

My fav was the bone in ribeye, with chimmichurri sauce
sauteed spinach.

RIP BOA. ;(

Probably bad location.笑
Went to Vegas for the weekend.  YEAAAA!  Even though I lost 3K gambling we did end up having a great dinner at BOA.  The place was nice and the booth seating was very comfortable.  I LOVE THEIR FRESH SALAD.  O my goodnes.  They literally wheel over a cart and make a fresh salad right in front of you.  They put all the herbs and spices into a bowl, make the dressing a presto.....fresh salad.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because although it was delicious (especially the donut holes for dessert)  i feel when you are paying $50 for a steak it should come out perfect everytime.  The steak they served me was tasty, but had more fat on it then real meat.  The most fatty steak I've ever had.  Granted it was a ribeye....but, you could clearly see how fatty it was.  I feel the cook should of thrown away instead of serving it.  But, other than that the place is great and you should definetley try it.  KUDOS to BOA笑
Although the service was TERRIBLE, the food was so good!

SERVICE: 
I hate this place for being so effin snobby and forgetful.  I made a reservation at 8:15pm and was running late because of traffic on the strip, so I called to extend it to 8:30pm to be safe, which Ashley (she was very helpful) was very kind about.  She extended it without a question, and even told me the lines for the valet wasn't long.  We walked in around 8:18pm and still had to wait until 9:00 to be seated because according to the other girl in front, "I called in to extend my reservation and now I will have to wait longer".  So basically even if I had a reservation at 8:30pm it would have not mattered to her.  People that walked in without a reservation got seated before us, and we only had a party of FOUR people.  Anyway...

FOOD: 
We ordered the Crab Cake, BOA Burger, Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs, Kobe Filet Mignon and Truffled Cheese Fries.  I loved everything! 
The Crab Cake has got to be my favorite out of all the food, because I am not a huge meat fan and would rather eat crustacean.  The crab just melted in my mouth and was so juicy and crispy at the same time.  $20
The BOA Burger was 'incredible' at the least.  It was so yummy and juicy.  It came with fries on the side and was of really good quality. $28.
The Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs was just okay.  I expected better, because the spaghetti itself tasted really cheaply made and you couldn't really taste the Kobe flavor in the meatballs. $25.
The Kobe Filet Mignon on the other hand... was melt in your mouth delicious!  We didn't add any rub or sauce with it, because its fine on its own. :) $53
The Truffled Cheese Fries were good also, the cheese on it was really yummy and creamy.   $12.
For dessert, our server brought us chocolate filled donut holes with a sparkler for a birthday we were celebrating.  It was so good, although I'm not a fan of sugar coated anything. 

Other than the service, I would come here again.笑
I walked up at 8pm on a Saturday night and asked for a table for 2.  I was seated right away.  Sherman was the captain for that night.  He was great.  I ordered 2 bone in fillets, mac n cheese, mushrooms, creamed spinach, baked potato, 2 glasses of wine, and panna cotta for dessert.  He told us about the locations in LA because my mom was visiting me from out of town and lived there.  After learning about those locations, he gave us his card and told us who to ask for at the other locations and assured us that we would be taken care of there as well.  

I admit I should have ordered a bottle, but my mom quits on me after a glass then I'm stuck trying to drink thing and drive home after drinking 3 glasses.  I'm not a very big girl, so that is a lot of alcohol.  Anyway, my glasses came out, they were great.  While the wine list was good, I believe that other restaurants such as Delmonico have better lists.  What was great was Sherman put in for us to have truffle oil nachos to go with the wine.  Great pairing!  The nachos almost stole the show from the steak.  They were great!  

Next was the bread...  That has to be one of my favorite rolls and butter in a restaurant bar none.  After that was the steaks and sides.  The steaks were great.  Now was it the best bone in fillet I've had? No.  Was it the best steak in LA, such as the staff told me? No.  But was it in the top 5? Yes!  Places that beat it for me by a long shot are Mastro's and Cut.  Don't get me wrong, this is one great cut of meat, but there are better out there.  

As for the sides, they are alright.  Truffle oil mac n cheese-- It was good.  Will it replace a craving for the mac n cheese at Mastro's? No.  Creamed spinach-- It was okay.  Again, there is better at Delmonico and Morton's and Porterhouse Bistro and STK and The Palms and... honestly, just about every other steakhouse I've been at.  Mushrooms-- There were the standout and gone first at the table.  Baked potato--  I only had a taste, as this is more of a dish my mom loves, but I did like the fact that it came with everything including cheese.  Then again, I love just about anything with cheese and potatoes.

My dessert was great... I was given 2 spoons with the panna cotta.  It also came with roasted pears, which was tricky with a spoon.  I finally gave up and just had cream.  My espresso was better than what I've had at most restaurants by far.  And they did not bring out sugar with it.  I've always found that to be peculiar when they bring out sugar.  Who puts sugar in their espresso?  That's another rant for another day... as is the snobby valet guy who would not valet my car until I said I was eating at Boa.  Then he opened my door and said, "Welcome to Forum Shops."... Yeah, thanks, jerk.

All in all, Boa serves great cuts of meat with great service for that style.  Most of the sides leave something to be desired, but I never had to ask for anything twice.  Sherman is a great captain at this restaurant.