Customer service was sub par. Employees seemed bored and miserable. Very skimpy on the meat. Appears that they don't put the regular amount of meat like other subways. Also very skimpy on the cheese. 

Asked for soup on two separate occasions and the first time they had not placed the order. The second time I was told they didn't have any made. 

The veggies appear to be not fresh. Yellow tomatoes. Wilted spinach. Mushy pickles. 

Probably won't return to this location.Ǿ
Friendly and quick. They were very nice to my kids when they were ordering. Parking was tough with a big car and they don't serve soup.Ǿ
I went in at 10am this morning and I did not get any type of customer service. The employee (African American girl, some what stocky, medium lengths hair) assisted me and greated me with a "are you going to get a sandwich" assuming that anything else was out of the question for some reason. 

She did not smile, rung me up, and walked away without saying goodbye and left it to myself to grab my items that where closer to her the. They were to me.

The only way I can describe the customer service (or lack there of) is a spoiled teenager who was not happy to work there and was waiting for my transaction to be completed so she can get back to social media on her cell phone.Ǿ
I probably should've read the reviews prior to coming to this sorry ass subway. I really don't even eat subway all like that but I was on a time crunch and this was the only thing that seemed appealing at the time and with the limited amount of places to eat in the area! I thought the whole $5 footlong thing was still happening but apparently that's been done for a while! Just goes to show how much o eat at subway right? Anyways I walk in no employees visible except for in the back there was a teenage girl sitting on the counter and another boy in the back with her? Hmm.. Anyways so they waited about 1 minute to come out and greet me the proceeded to ask for my order! I inquired about the $5 footlong and she pointed up and the menu and said no but we do have the lunch deal for $5 which included a 6 inch sub, a drink and a cookie! Whoohoo **rolls eyes** I opted for the tuna sandwich and boy oh boy they are super stingy on the amount they decide to put on your sandwich because those measly little scoops of tuna and all that bread was a disaster! I just thought to myself whatever it's $5 I'm hungry no time to complain I gotta get going! When I went to get the ice tea there was none and I proceeded to ask " you guys don't have anymore ice tea" she responded nope but if you want some then I can make you some? Are you kidding so that lets me know that the entire time it was sitting there empty they knew about it and decided to not make any more until a customer asked? No thanks! I can't see them staying in business too much long with these kids they have working who act like they hate their jobs! I won't return...Ǿ
Tia did a fantastic job, made a beautiful Turkey sandwich on honey oat, made me feel very welcome when I walked in and has great customer service skills!! High five TIA!Ǿ
Tia is the best!!!! She's sooooooo sweet and she had such positive aura .. She is a happy person and it shows in her customer service how much she loves her job!!! 
Definitely coming backǾ
Already placed numerous complaints on this Subway location through their website and nothing ever gets done. Subway needs to get it together with customer service. And this location is a joke. Theres an older white woman who works there. I don't know if she is or was on drugs but she seems jittery every time I go there. Last time I was there on 3/11/16 she was sick as a dog and kept coughing into her arm while making sandwiches which was disgusting. Not sure why they let people work if they're sick. She's terrible at making sandwiches either adds too much of something or not enough and has a BAD attitude like anything you say or ask her for bugs her. They have no customer service training and their employees look miserable. Manager doesn't give a damn about what you complain about. He called me once after I complained, seem nonchalant like his employees did no wrong. If this wasn't the only subway close to my job, I'd go elsewhere.Ǿ
Extremely clean and polite employees. Food area clean enough. No wait time also a plus. Better than most subways in this area.Ǿ
First time I have been to this location, usually I go to Tropicana and Jones.  Sunday morning at 10am, they are all out of egg (white and yellow) for breakfast sandwiches which are by the way, are served all day.  Also out of olives, and something else (I forget right now).Ǿ
I'm still in the store writing this review.... if that doesn't show how annoyed I am I don't know what will. But while me and another person were waiting to be taken care of, the "owner" was behind the counter telling the girl working what sandwiches to make for his 5 children so they can go hiking. This girl was working alone so there was no one else to help her, and he was just standing there watching her. I'm not sure what kind of customer service that is but he wasn't a PAYING guest. He was behind the counter ordering his employee around, getting sandwiches for free while two paying guest sat there and waited. The guest behind me left, that's how long it too. He could of easily waited for our TWO sandwiches to be made, to continue with his. But I guess he doesn't understand what customer service is. Hope he has a gooooooooood hike.