Another late dinner, this time we were craving Mexican food, so we came to Ricardo's on a recommendation.  I ordered the Enchiladas de Verduras, when my food arrived, I was surprised to see my enchiladas smothered in Cheez Whiz...Yuck.

I asked the waitress if she could get me a new plate with regular enchilada sauce and melted cheese, she was happy to oblige.  Overall, the food was not bad, but nothing to write home about.

The waitress was wearing this odd country style flouncy mini dress complete with petticoat and her hair styled in 2 side buns...Only in Vegas...?笑
This restaurant was great had a party of 55 people and we were left full and a wonderful experience. The staff couldn't have been more attentive & meet all our needs .. Thank you to the staff & the chef .. Can't wait to return next year!---笑
Came here for the brunch buffet on Sunday and I am blown away. Everything is so amazing and authentic. It's a clean atmosphere and staff is friendly and attentive. Will be returning here for sure.笑
This is a pretty standard Mexican fare in Las Vegas... the food was good and the service extremely friendly. I had the carnitas meal and a friend had the carne asada tacos. Both of the meals were served with refried beans, rice, and choice of corn or flour tortilla. The meat was actually not dry and was very flavorful. The chips they serve are fresh and go amazing with the bean dip. The prices are reasonable and the service was attentive and friendly. I would say they are on par with Bonito/Lindos.笑
I've been here a few times. The first couple of times was for work functions. We had a good sized group of people and the restaurant was very accomodating giving us a the baquet room in the back. The first year we all got the lunch buffet. I don't personally recommend that. Its fine but as it is a buffet it is not always the most fresh. I prefer ordering off the menu.  The food is generally good. The taco filling is great whether it be shredded beef or chicken. The shell, however, is premade and fresh out of a box. The tamales are good. A nice balance of meat and mazza. The rice is on par with most other places. The beans are loaded with cheese. Tonight I saw the biggest bowl of menudo I've ever seen. I was amazed at how much of it a 10 year old was able to eat though he could not even come close to finishing it. I would not have finished one bite. I smelled it and and lost my appetite. It smells like poo. I mean no offense to all of the people who do like menudo. I just don't want my food smelling like the farm I grew up on. I'll pass. Everything else though is all right by me.笑
Food was exception as always. Larger servings so we had a bunch of leftovers to take home. Great service and well-mixed margaritas.笑
Came here for happy hour after work. I got a beef fajita quesadilla and a couple of beers to was it down. 
The quesadilla was really good. I asked for roasted jalapeños inside and extra crispy and they hit the mark. I couldn't have been happier. And pints for $2.50 isn't bad either. 
When I got in it was dead and 30 mins later the bar was packed. I felt bad for the only one bartender on duty.笑
Amazing food and amazing place. I go there after work sometimes at 3am, and I love the food and the drinks!! Great margaritas, great chips and dip, and great food all around. They also have some of the nicest bartenders and even the kitchen and the dishwasher staff wave bye to me when I leave. I love this place!!笑
Very dissatisfied, slow service, food was tasteless disgusting. No flavor at all. Got home  my 5 year was throwing up chicken tacos were terrible. My husband is in a high fever stomach pains after eating chicken enchiladas, so NEVER ever going to this place again !!!笑
Always love the lunch Buffett. The only problem is I eat more than I should! Definitely a must place to eat! Great friendly service as well!笑
Great service, the food was amazing and with great portions. I had the chile verde burrito and I highly recommend it. Also it might of been because we where hungry, but even the salsas and beans with chips where good.笑
We went there as a party of 6. They practically forgot about us after the food was served. They advertise the biggest margarita in town. It should advertise as the margarita with the most ice in town. Oh well we tidied it was a swing and a miss.笑
Ok I love that I can stumble in here at 3 am and get service that doesn't come with a drive through window. 

The decor is what you would expect a Mexican restaurant to be. The walls yellow, the wood tables and chairs and some little embellishments hanging on the wall that scream pancho via might have had some carne asada from here.  

The food is ok. I do love that they give you two salsas and bean dip for your chips!!! I eat like two servings of dip on my own. Bad side is after the bean dip and chips I'm too full for my food. The flautas are good. Deep fried flour tortillas filled with chicken. 

Corn allergy alert!!! They put corn in pretty much everything! So if you are allergic let them know. 

All in all I've had better but generally not at 3 am lol!笑
So I went here with bf since we were in the area and he loves Mexican food. . .

Anyhow, the chips and salsa were awesome!  When I say salsa. . .I mean they bring you a trio. . .a normal red salsa, bean dip and a green salsa that is NOT salsa verde.  The green salsa almost tasted like it had a little bit of avocado in it???  It was creamy but still thin with chunks of onions and cilantro running through it.  Would I go back for just the salsa trio that comes out with chips?  That would have to be a yes. . .I am not a fan of the bean dip. . .but OMG the green one was da bomb!!!  =)  And did I mention that the salsa trio and chips are FREE!  LOL  =D

Onto the entrees. . .

I had the nachos with beef. . .it was really really good. . .It came with sour cream, gucamole. . .well pretty much the fixings. . .and no pics cuz someone. . .mainly me. . .was starving!  The meat was tender and no it was not ground beef it was shredded meat.  The only bad thing were the beans and that was my bad since I forgot to ask for it with no beans.  

The bf had the enchilada and taco combination.  He said that it was really really good.  He barely talked to me. . .he was so busy eating. . .now you know that means that it has to be good!  LOL  ;)

Service was where I took off the 1 star.  We had to wait to get them to bring us our ticket. . .and then when we wanted to use credit card we had to go into the bar to pay as the bartender was the only one that knew how to use a credit card swiper. . .weird I know!

So yes I will definitely be back!!!  And the cool thing?  They are open 24/7. . .now I know where to go and eat when nothing is open late night!  LOL  =)笑
The bartender was amazing.  It was 2 of the 3 peoples first time to Vegas and this was our first stop off the long 11 hour drive in from Colorado.  You can play video poker while you wait for your food.  

They are 24 hours and the food is, well....it's Tex Mex Mexican food, so it's not great, but it will do the trick.

I am only leaving 5 stars because of the bartender, he was friendly, helpful and professional.
The food is not great, but you are not in Vegas for the food are you????笑
Great Ambience, away from the strip & quieter. Has large booths in the back. Great food! Guac needed a little more salt & pepper but that's my taste buds....Chicken taco was good! Enchilada - chicken & vegetarian - AWESOME!! Chicken quesadilla - great! Loved the ambience. Loved the service, attentive & prompt & polite. Will definitely come again!笑
In town for the weekend and a friend wanted Mexican food. We went to this place right after the lunch hour. Great chips and various dips, GREAT margaritas, and Great food! We were so happy with the food and drank....yes drank! I need a nap from one margarita.笑
Great food....service and atmosphere!  The shrimp and lobster enchilada was excellent!  Very clean and great service!笑
My family got there just in time for happy hour but they don't serve happy hour at the table, you have to literally goto the bar.  We also don't know what was available for happy hour because you only get to see that menu/special in the bar area.  So we were VERY disappointed.  At the very least they should advertise it in the regular dining room so people will know for next time and will come back and goto the bar area.  Dinner was good, but not great.  We were going to order some margaritas and they sounded really yummy on the menu and even saw another table with some, but there were no prices on the menu which means EXPENSIVE!!  So we didn't order any drinks.  No real complaints.  We of course waited for our check and that took awhile (not uncommon for most places)  

We came back about 2 weeks later for the fajita lunch buffet and we were the only ones enjoying the buffet and it was yummy but they weren't setup for it and some of the items were cold.  We were disappointed and won't be back for it.笑
This place is great. They give you two salsa's and a bean dip to start. Great food choices. Service was outstanding. Verde burrito was great笑
A few years ago, I attended a blow out pre- Jimmy Buffet party at Ricardo's in the MGM.
I mentioned that to a friend and he said - "it moved to Flamingo road and Decatur." He said Ricardo's had been in and out of the MGM on a few occasions.
Remembering the good time I had previously, I could not wait to try it again.

Ricardo's looks like a hacienda sitting on the corner of a strip mall.
The entrance is tiled and the decor is very traditional - other than the many awards they have posted for "vegas best restaurant. "

The service was good - they thought I would want to eat in the cantina, rather han the dining room since I was alone.....
but I got seated in the dining room eventually

The margaritas are made with Cuervo, and were very good.

The menu had an amazing number of choices ... and in addition the restaurant had a dinner buffet featuring a wide variety of dishes.
Wanting to try a little of everything I went for the buffet and was glad I did.

Even tried a little fried ice cream to finish the meal.

A very enjoyable dinner.
Nothing spectacular, but an enjoyable dinner.笑
First time eating there was last night!  I visit LV a couple times a year and have not ventured far from where I stay.  I am so glad we did!  The enchiladas were awesome!!!  Service was great and the prices were not bad at all!笑
Since I have a taste for menudo, the wife always searches out places that 1) have it and 2) are good at it. This is the place. I CANNOT stress how wonderful the menudo at Ricardo's is. 
We went right around lunch and the peak of the rush was over, so we were seated right away. The place is decked out like many other Mexican places. Stucco and color are the deals of the day. Nothing overly done, but certainly not bare. Sacramento was our server and he was awesome. The timing on our food was spot on and he kept checking to make sure we were good to go.

As this was a menudo recon mission, I ordered the bowl of menudo and then went with a Colorado Burrito plate. Wife had the Chili Rellenos (and a taste of my menudo). The menudo was wonderful. The broth was rich and loaded with taste. Just enough hominy. The tripe was not that spongey smooth tripe you normally get, but honeycomb! It is served with lime, oregano, red pepper flakes and cilantro. Did I mention how wonderful it is? It is by far, bar none, absolutely the best menudo I have ever had (from FL to CA, MI to TX). It tastes almost like they have vats of it brewing away in the back all the time. So rich and delicious.
 
The Colorado Burrito was good, but after the bowl of menudo (did I mention how great it was?), I could do no more than taste it. The sauce was rich and worked well with the meat, but seemed a bit on the small side. The beans and rice were plain and portions were small. Overall the plate was "OK". Other than portion size, I really had no issues. The wife's Chili Rellenos were good. She told me they were done VERY well. The creams and toppings played right to the chili's and she thoroughly enjoyed it. In her case, she could eat half and take the rest home (to be honest, I took most of my burrito home - due to the menudofest). 

Overall, we have now found our go-to place for menudo (sorry, Stations). I am less concerned with the rest of the menu items. They all look good and if they are like what we had, they will satisfy and please. BUT, this is THE place for menudo. Do yourself a favor and try it out.

http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g45963-d422711-r340063958-Ricardo_s_Mexican_Restaurant-Las_Vegas_Nevada.html#笑
Ricardo's still hits the spot for me.  I hadn't been in a couple of years so I was worried based on some reviews. My Chile Colorado was exactly what i remember; tender and flavorful.  Don't forget about this institution just because it left the strip. Want another reason to go,  its now open 24 hours.笑
Great, good service staff, good food, good lunch buffet, price is fair and very nice looking place.  I have eaten there about 50 times in the last 4 years and it never misses the mark.  Traditional mexican food and a family run place good for lunch or the family.  Also they have a quiet bar if you like to go for a quite date.  Always plenty of parking and rarely a wait to get seated.  My kid likes it too and the kid menu is affordable.笑
The place was good ... But on the pricey side butbgood none the less ... Worth a try ... Most likey come back due to it being open so late笑
Overall a great experience. It took a little bit yo get seated, they overlooked us ( each thought the other already took care of us). Once seated it was about 5 min til they took our drink order. After that, our service was great. Food was very good, nice to see bean dip with the chips. I had carnitas enchiladas, would highly recommend.笑
Went there last night. My husband  ordered  a chile relleno and it was terrible  tasted old and stale. We told the manager and she took it away and brought an enchilada  it too tasted stale. I ordered  taquitos $8 (4 rolled tacos)  and they were  burnt and tasted like they were defrosted and reheated in stale oil. Very  greasy,  No rice and beans  like other restaurants,  just sour cream  and  Pico on a tiny bit of lettuce.  When I told them they didn't taste good they said  their food was fresh. 10% discount but i still had to pay for the whole meal. Never eating  there ever!!!!笑
My husband and I go to Ricardo's about once a month.  We used to go more often but not so much anymore.  The food and service is alright, its excellent when the owner is present.  Its actually kinda funny since my husband I go there so much we know exactly when the BIG BOSS MAN is there just from the way the staff act...Suddenly we get the best customer service from the waitresses and waiters, & our food comes out super fresh & pronto!  BUT only when BIG BOSS MAN is in the restaurant otherwise you get lazy hostesses & so so service.  We ate last night, we were greeted by the staff which was amazing because normally the hostess has her head down as if she is too busy.   (Busy with god knows what when the restaurant is empty???) Tonight must be different  ahhh, I figured BIG BOSS MAN must be in.  The waitress took our order, food came out, super fast & fresh!  Wonderful.  We ate then waitress was no where in sight.  Ahhhh, BIG BOSS MAN left for the night.  BOO HOO.  Our waitress didn't come back to check on us to give us our check for another 15 minutes after we were already finished eating.  From what we have noticed, BIG BOSS MAN aka the owner is usually in late evenings after 9:00pm.笑
I used to love this place-authentic Mexican food. No more. Bad service and poor quality ingredients.笑
Meh....

Yesterday, my fella and I had planned to go to a reopening of a popular restaurant, but they've pushed their opening back, so we had to find something else for dinner.

We finally decided on Ricardo's, which I'd never had.  

Walking in, the inside is a little run down, and shabby.  Its a little on the dark side, and each booth in the bar area we were seated in had a TV IN the booth.  I don't like this...If I wanted to watch TV, I'd sit at the bar.  

We got there in time for happy hour, and so I had a "small" regular margarita for $4.50.  
This wasn't small!  I'm glad I only got the small, because it was so big I couldn't finish it.  This was my favorite part of the evening.  It was a good, strong margarita, and I'd go back for happy hour just to have a couple of these, for sure.  

For dinner, I ordered the nachos, no meat (also on the happy hour menu: $7).  
Morgan had the combo carnitas taco and shredded beef enchilada, served with rice and beans. 

Meh. 

The portions were enormous.  I ate a ton of food, and it looked like I didn't touch my nachos.  The waitress actually came over and said "You didn't like them?"  No...there's just WAY too much food on the plate!  They tasted ok, but I've had better at Qdoba. 

Morgan wasn't impressed with his, either.  The enchilada was good, but we make better at home.  The carnitas taco was bland.  

Service was awkward too...our waitress was nice, but had 0 personality.  She disappeared at random times, and the checked on us twice within about 3 minutes...space it out! Its ok to let us eat for a minute.  Really.

Food was pricey for the quality.   I don't know that I'd come back for anything other than a margarita during happy hour.笑
Really fast service for a Friday night. They brought out our drinks quickly, with chips and 3 kinds of salsa [mild, hot, and omgwtfhot]. The guacamole was pretty onion-y. Lay back guys.

Two of us ordered cheese enchiladas. It was one of the cheaper meals, at 10.95. It came with rice and beans. The other ordered a burrito verde. Pretty huge, and a bit more [$13.95, I think] but very good.笑
I had lunch here the other day with my wife and sadly I was very disappointed.  It's pretty bad when you can't even eat the meat of a serving because it taste that bad.

I ordered taquitos for lunch and the beef was so bland and not flavorful.  It was also smothered in cooking oil as if they took a shortcut to cook the meat.  It was just flat out awful and I would never recommend.  After seeing the burrito, which was not presentable at all, one could only wonder what was used in the chimichanga, because that also tasted burnt and no flavor.  The only thing great about our meal was my iced tea.  I also didn't care for the dumb mini tvs while trying to eat my meal, very distracting.  Will never be back, sorry.笑
Decent Mexican. Good food. Try the enchiladas. They are excellent. If you want something filling try the tamales.笑
This is my go to place if you just need a fast drink, chips and bean dip. I enjoy sitting at the bar just taking a breather. The quiet atmosphere and attentive waitresses are always pleasing to me. The food is not the best and the price I think is a little too much for what you get. Either way I like to stop here for the drinks....plus it's close to home so I can't beat that! Oh and did a mention they are open 24hrs and have a full menu !!!!!! #score!笑
I think the atmosphere is cute and the restaurant is very clean. We were seated immediately and the staff was pretty attentive to our needs.

I ordered a cheese enchilada and chile relleno. I think it would have been better if they weren't so heavy handed on the salt. So needless to say this didn't really hit the spot. My friend, however, ordered the fish tacos and was really satisfied.

If you buy a combo plate like us, the average price to spend is  $15-20 with a drink.笑
I'm surprised to see so many bad reviews about the quality of the food because everything I ordered was absolutely delicious. The complimentary bean dip was a great surprise. My mango margarita as large and strong. The Baja fingers were spicy and perfectly cooked. My carnitas plate was well seasoned and flavorful- some of the better carnitas that I have eaten. I like little homey details like pulling a whole bay leaf from my dish. My server didn't completely understand me but he was polite and generous, and a second server came out to clarify my order, just in case. The only thing I really didn't like was the peppery room-temperature cabbage salad that accompanied the carnitas plate. All in all, my boyfriend and I will be returning to Ricardo's and hope to see consistency in this quality.笑
The food was on point at this place.  My waiter was really forgetful, but the food came out really fast and was just really good. Reasonable prices and 5 minutes off the Strip. I will definitely be back.笑
Was invited to a surprise party at this location over the weekend.... didn't know what to expect, but as soon as you walked in, u felt welcome. It has a warm, friendly atmosphere.  Perfect place to hold such gatherings, as they had a few different private areas.  We also had our own buffet, which worked out great for such an event.  The workers were all attentive and the food was good! Would be back another time for some dinner and drinks! Great place for large parties too!!!笑
Well I had to try new to Vegas I found it horrible :(. Food was covered in white cheese. Tamale's were all masa no chili couldn't even identify what kind of meat it was.Tacos were in a corn tortilla not fired( did not order taquitos)  They had a food bar and all the food on their was dried out and rice had mixed vegetables in it. For the money I spent for my family and I not happy. Will not go back.笑
Love this place !!!, 
Pros:
variety of food
Flavor of food
Price 

Cons:
We live in San Jose and there is not Ricardo's there笑
Hello Ricardo's - We would like to THANK YOU for catering our Wedding Reception at Desert Rose Resort March 14th for 45 people. The service was on time. The display was amazing. Most of all the food was Awesome! Everyone went back for seconds! I would recommend your service to anyone! Thank you so much for the incredible food and service! We love you!

Gerry and Carin Lopez笑
Excellent food and service.   I always love to come here when I go to Las Vegas.  I will be going there one more time before leaving Las Vegas.笑
I thought this place was awful. The service was super slow. The portions were small, prices were mid range but given the portion size disappointing. The food was generic. I could have made a better meal at home. I will not return.笑
I will totally be back!!

The service was great! They were pretty busy for lunch and our server was very attentive. 
 

The food was great and so were the prices. I wasnt sure if it was family owned, but I totally got that feel.笑
I just enjoyed an hour at Ricardo's!! Great food, atmosphere, and wonderful staff!!  I highly recommend this place for the entire family!!笑
We were in town for a birthday celebration. The food was okay. The margaritas were a little weak, but since I'm not a drinker that was okay. The service was great. My autistic daughter had a melt down in the middle of the restaurant and the manager was gracious and the servers were kind. For that they get 5 stars.笑
My first time at Ricardo's was for a celebration of life for a friend who recently passed away. We had a mini-buffet style/appetizers and everything was delicious! Staff was extremely attentive and good at their jobs. Can't wait to go back and try out their full lunch buffet.笑
worst service. sat at the disgusting, dirty, sticky bar they didn't keep clean, patron next to me left, her dirty left over dinner sat there with the dirty napkin and empty drink for at least 15 minutes...nasty.....about 6 people working behind the small bar, one bar tender made eye contact with me as i sat there another 5 minutes and was pretty unfriendly as i ordered, he took his sweet ass time......i was pissed..........i ordered a double margarita on the rocks, he gave  me some peach flavored crap.....it had ice but was warm, the mixers aren't refrigerated.....ordered a second one, it was just as warm.....place was a disaster.....they were far busier counting dollars openly than tending to the bar or observing the patrons needs at the bar.........bar was disgustingly dirty....didn't even want to rest my arm on it......笑
Great place. Our server, Chelsey, was fantastic, fun and friendly. You have to take advantage of the happy hour specials. This place is locally owned, which I would rather support over the big chain places.

Chelsey served us chips with three different sauces. The warm bean dip may not sound inviting but it was delicious. The drinks were on point and my date and I shared the happy hour priced sampler platter and were stuffed. Good times. Will try to make it back on my next trip to Vegas.笑
My boo and I came here for dinner since I was craving some chips and salsa. It was super easy to get a table with absolutely no wait on a Tuesday around 6:30 pm. The waitress was very friendly and fast to come greet us. 

I started my meal with a melon margarita, naturally, and it was delicious. Very strong, just how I like it! The complimentary chips and salsa was great too. It came with a red and green salsa as well as beans. For an entree we split the steak fajitas. This I was somewhat disappointed in. The veggies were great but the steak seemed a bit bland. I would definitely try something different next time.

Overall they had great service and decently priced food. I also love that the location is pretty centrally located. I'm sure I'll be back for more.笑
Our food was just ok, but Miguel the bartender/server made our night awesome with his ol'school music mix.  We were eating and jamming.  I ONLY want to come back when he's working.

I gave only 4 stars because I didn't think the tortillas were homemade and in a place that nice I hoped for that.  I also prefer my carne asada in larger pieces so that the meat is more tender. My tiny meat pieces were too well done.笑
Impressed, impressed, impressed!

I went last week for the first time for my boyfriend's parents' anniversary. We got to the dinner 20 minutes later than the rest of the party, but our orders were taken promptly and we were served almost immediately after. Great service =)

They do give chips, guacamole (GOOD guacamole) and dips before the entrees. I ordered the Chicken Ranchero and my boyfriend got a Mexican pizza. The portions are big, chicken was juicy, sauces and spices are bold and give lots of flavor to the dishes. Mucho bueno. It was enough to pack up and have for another two meals. 

Real authentic and delicious meals. I love having multiple little dips and plates of different options in front of me (which is probably why I love AYCE sushi and Korean BBQ so much too.) Some entrees give you so many sides to add on to your meal, which is fun. And there's huge margaritas! Fiesta ;-)笑
Ricardo's is/has been my one-and-only, legit Mexican restaurant for as long as my memory recalls. I even remember having my like 4th or 5th birthday here! Sidenote: They used to have one of those Southwest-style-decor lookin cow skulls on a wall in the back dining room just to scare my little girl pants off. Haha! 

I've grown up (a little) now, and the scary-cow-head decor is long gone, but I still love to come here whenever Mexican food is what I'm craving. Their margaritas are seriously amazing, especially the PRICKLY PEAR, mmmm!!! A pitcher pours you like four fatty margs, and for less than $20/pitcher, that's cheap as shit for the quality and the location. Seriously, I dare you to find a better marg in Vegas. Plus, everything that I've tried on the menu has been great, from tacos and tamales, to fajitas and chile rellenos. I don't think you can possibly go wrong with any type margarita or food you may choose to order at Ricardo's. :]

x笑
I went here two weeks ago while in vegas with my boyfriend.  I LOVE that this place is open 24hrs. Who doesn't love 24hr Mexican food. The chips and salsa are amazing.  They even give you refried beans with your sauces.  Margaritas are strong and a reasonable price.  Food was pretty good as well. Only con was the service. They weren't very attentive at times.  Over all great place.  With good food and don't forget it's open 24hrs!!笑
This is an amazing restaurant that is located about 10 min away from the Las Vegas Strip. I recommend traveling here to eat the food is delicious and will leave you wanting more. The variety of food here is exceptional I ordered a NY steak and it was delicious. The menudo here is always very good and will help cure those Las Vegas hang overs you might have and the best part is it's not even expensive the large menudo plate was 9.99 you can't beat that. I will definitely be checking this place out again when I'm in town.笑
Good atmoshpere.  Prices were a little high considering it's mexican.  But the enchiladas were too salty and the guacamole was flavorless.  You guys ever heard of LIME?  Its not just for tequila shots!笑
I love the lunch buffet here. It's always fresh. You can make your own tacos or tostadas with diced chicken or beef, or ground beef. There are tangy fajitas, chicken and beef, and rice and beans. The enchiladas are my favorite though they can sometimes be a bit salty. There are a variety of toppings--sour cream, lettuce, black olives, onions, salsa, and a tasty guacomole. And they give you chips with three dips.The weekday buffet is a bit less expensive at $12.99(beverage included) than the weekend buffet at $14.99(with beverage).笑
A good place to eat a lot of Mexican food varieties! Pricey but food was hella bomb! I guarantee you that this place is really the best. From the free chips and salsas to all our other orders were all good!

We'll be back here again! 

Seems this place has good liquor stuff too, better try it!!笑
Second time here and this visit was really good.What I liked is that  they gave us a decanter of tea and the chips, salsas and bean dip was good . I had the Chili Verde served in a shell and was very yummy !! The service was good . 

The Chili's in the verde were perfect and the pork was very tender. The Mexican Street style corns was awesome . They should work at updating the inside and out backseat the Food is Delish!!笑
The server was very kind and helpful. Even brought out the margarita glasses to show us the differences in size. Chips and salsas were brought out and quickly refilled. They were also pretty good.  I had the Mexican combination plate which included one taco and one tamale served with rice and beans. I ordered the house margarita and it came out perfectly and delicious. My taco was amazing the tamale was good. All in all this was a great place to stop in at 3:00 AM.笑
A great place to have a business lunch or dinner with family. The food and service are top notch quality.笑
We found this place accidentally. It was super late at night and we were looking for another Mexican restaurant. We finally settled on this one after we couldn't find the other. How lucky were we?!

Ricardo's is amazing. Staff is kind and respectful and friendly. The food is simply delicious. Doesn't matter what you order, it's gonna be good. They've got a nice buffet during the day too. 

Their margaritas are giant and strong, so be careful if you have to drive. Best part? The warm chips and 3 types of dip they bring to the table! A hot salsa, a green sauce and a bean dip that's out of this world.

My only complaint is that they are a little expensive, but it's Vegas, baby!笑
Best bbq pork sandwich I've ever had! Delicious complimentary chips and dips...and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended!笑
Hi,  2 am. Had the lobster flounta and man it  was good. Love their fried shrimp.
Waitress was attentive, kept saying amigos, but then go t busy and we were left waitng on the tasty fried shrimp. Was wortht it they were tasty.
Had some drinks,  & the  food is good, service good. Very pricey is  Why not 5 stars. Good place, since right down the street. 
I recommend.笑
Ricardo's is a great Mexican restaurant for Las Vegas but being from So Cal - the Mexican food there is at a whole new level of amazing.  

The owner really cares about this restaurant and his employees and it shows.  When he is there when we have visited he walks from table to table and asks how we are doing.  And most of the waiters and waitresses are very kind and your food will come out quickly after ordering.

Their complimentary chips with two different salsas and bean dip are delicious and are a perfect compliment to their amazing margaritas.

Prices are very reasonable and the food is plentiful.  Standard Mexican "comfort" food.  I normally get their steak and shrimp fajitas.

A nice side note... I love that this restaurant has credit card machines that go directly to your table to pay for your food - no sending the card to Siberia sometimes waiting for your slip to sign - the waiter doesn't even see your card.笑
We love Ricardo's. I have lived in Las Vegas for 10 years and I try to get in there once a month. My favorite dish is the chicken enchilada. I love their salsa and the large margarita, perfect dinner combination. We were there a few years back when they did the worlds largest margarita for the Guinness record. If my memory serves me correctly, they were pink margaritas in honor of breast cancer awareness month. The booths in the bar have tv's in them if you wanna catch a game while having dinner. The lunch buffet is fantastic too!笑
I q u $-- e quality qq of qanao mwy a w times geet a w okw ja Qin I w the slicenr ownp utensils , but笑
I usually love this place, their Pollo De Ricardo is my favorite dish. Unfortunately I went there last night and was not very impressed. Their food wasn't as good as it usually is, and my chicken had a bone in it. I completely understand things happen, and hopefully it was a rare case. I don't understand that they didn't really take it all that seriously. They just took the bone away and said sorry. Whenever I had a problem with my food, the restaurant would give a small discount or at least take it seriously. Honestly last night changed my opinion of this place quite a bit!笑
Terrible service. The bus boy was way more attentive that the actual waiter. Terrible food. The salsa you get with the chips tastes like Pace Picante sauce out of a jar.  The beans were way too salty. The rice smelled like dirty mop water. The pork tamale was probably the best thing on our plates. The Chile Colorado was disgusting, it was basically meat in a soup of red oil with bell peppers. Worst excuse for Mexican food ever! And is was extremely over priced, especially for the quality of food you get. Average of $12 per plate. For that price, it better be amazing, but sadly is just expensive disgustingness!笑
Fabulous service and wonderful food. Thank you Lee and Freddie for our amazing service today!笑
Yesterday I went straight from work to the LV Wranglers game, to see them get smoked by ontario. Needless to say, after a 10 hour shift at the pool, an awful hockey game, and 2 double jack and diets, I was craving some good mexican food. I used to live in San Diego, so I'll admit I can be a little snobbish when it comes to authenticity. So, I'll just start with that: this is not authentic, but still tastes good.
From the start I was unsure what they were trying to be. From Flamingo I could see drink-promo banners and a neon "open all night sign".....standard for Vegas. The hostess wearing a flowy, brightly-colored salsa-dance dress led us past the gaming bar, to our booth which had a miniature television tuned to ESPN.  See why I was confused as to their overall goal? But, then they immediately served bean dip and 2 kinds of salsas with slightly stale tortilla chips....but don't worry I still ate them all. 
I ordered steak fajitas and the steak, peppers, onions, and sauteed mushrooms (?surprise!) were all very good. The condiments, tortillas, rice and beans, were only so-so. 
Overall, if you are tipsy, hungry, in the area, and its late night.... then its worth a stop-in. But, I wouldn't drive out of my way for it. 
However, I did grab a handful of Vegas mags on the way out: LV Weekly, Dine Out, Where, and CityLife..... all of which satisfied my Sunday morning coffee-reading ritual. So...thanks for that, and for my boyfriends bean-breath.笑
Well I have to say that I really liked Ricardo's until the other night. I ordered a simple chicken taco salad. Soggy and.....as I took a bite, there was definitely something that didn't belong. I took it out of my mouth and it was a chewed up sunflower seed! The thought of that seed being in a strangers mouth made me start gagging. Although I was not charged for it, it still makes me nauseous thinking about it. Then to make things worse, I was told the day before the exterminator was there for...... Wait for it...... FREAKING RATS!!!! So if you haven't guessed by now, I will not ever eat there again.笑
More of the same from this place, I'm afraid. The food has gotten more and more bland over the years. There really isn't anything I love on the menu and the only thing I kind of like here is the Ricardo's chicken, which is definitely a little overpriced. There are plenty of items that are ok, but just ok. Nothing amazing.

The service is great and there is no shortage of people to refill your glass or take your order. That's a plus. I really want to love this place. The atmosphere is nice and it's still a great location for large parties with the expansive space they have and plenty of private areas, but the food just gets in the way of me loving this place. If you do come, I highly recommend their lunch buffet. Great deal, for what you get.

If the food was better, this place would be heaven.笑
Ricardo's is one of my favorite 24 hr Mexican food restaurants. It's not a hole in the wall it's a nice place but has a casual feel. Good food. They have great Large Margaritas. But one of my favorite things about them is that they have chips, two types of salsa & beans. All for dipping before you order. Love it. 

I like the fajitas good portion size. Rice & beans. I've tried the chicken Caesar and shrimp tacos. My hubby, Adrian had the Chicken chimichanga looked quite large portion size. All their portions are really good size. Good prices. The staff is nice and helpful.笑
Best mexican food I've ever had (no joke, the food is amazing! I had the super tender cheese covered New York steak)
...but the overweight waitress (that wasnt even my table's waitress) was such a total ***** at the register, it ruined this restaurants review.

I had a restaurant.com gift card for $25 off a $50 bill. She said It had to be over $50 and my check happened to total $49.83... She said it had to be over $50  before tax (huh? Tax on food? Guess I never payed any attention to that before). She rang me up a small drink worth about $2 but charged me $10. My new bill after my gift card now totaled $35. It's actually quite hard to spend $50 here for two people, everything is priced pretty fairly.
Also:   Literally all of the other restaurants I've used these gift cards at don't even care if you don't meet the minimum purchase requirement.
Honestly the whole gift card thing wouldn't have even bothered me if it wasn't for her absolute terrible manor how she talks to her customers. 
If you are the owner/manager reading this: Fire her asap.笑
I was a first time customer and asked the total on the phone. When I went to pick it up, they had added a $1.00 "packaging fee" that they neither mentioned then nor on the phone.

When I discovered it, they said, "Most people do it and you get chips."

No big deal? To me it was, in principle, so I left.笑
Food came quick which was nice and I loved the comp salsas and bean dip! It was a littttle over priced in the end. My steak fajitas were great, seemed like everybody else likes them too cause I was 1/3 people who ordered them while I was there,  although I only really got 2 fajitas out of my "serving" ($15 something I believe), just needed more meat, had lots of veggies, good taste tho. My bf's carne asada burrito wasn't anything to brag about. May or may not be back.笑
This is not authentic or even good Mexican food WHATSOEVER. Everything tastes like it came out of a can. Atrocious.笑
Best lobster and shrimp enchiladas I have ever eaten.. the carnitas plate was very good also... kids liked the taco meat plate.. great rice n beans...笑
Have wekly network meeting. They are very accomodating, reasonably priced and have great food.笑
Felt unwanted at the bar while I put money in the machine. Clueless bartender and horrible service. Will not give them a second chance笑
Drove 7 hours back for more love this place and the food the waiters are very nice and the buffet love it. When I am back here in Las Vegas gonna eat here again笑
Nice lunch buffet and service is average. Open 24/7 which is a plus笑
Walked in and everyone was very friendly, we were seated fast and I never had an empty drink or ran out of chips, food was great and the beer was cold and crisp. Anyone wanting good mexican food I highly recommend you won't be disappointed笑
I just had the best tasting pork burrito with green sauce ever. Fabulous. Fresh ingredients and excellent service, too.  I'll be back.笑
No, no, no, no NO! I have no idea how this place is so highly rated except for nostalgia factor, perhaps? Lack of knowledge of authentic Mexican from any region...it is not even Tex Mex. Heck, Taco Bell is more authentic and imaginative. Really a 2.5* for food IMHO, but since I only go here with one colleague who is a frequent flyer = the service we receive is impeccable. Alas, impeccable service with completely bland food does not  make it much better.

They make guacamole tasteless. That is hard to do! The beans are a salty mushy baby food consistency. Even the Iceberg lettuce seems to be wilted from embarrassment...so like I hope to have conveyed, do not go here. Unless forced to by the inexplicable love of the place by one of this town's hardcore, been here forever people. Then, you go, try not to eat and "forget" your take away after a truly fascinating two hours of "How We Built Las Vegas" commences. 

Again. 2* food, the servers are soooo nice! But my frientor is a fixture here. Not sure it would be the case for all...笑
Nothing great, but it is very affordable.  Enjoyed all the food we have tried, but still nothing keeping us coming back.笑
Terrible customer service, (especially at the bar)
Mediocre food. Being a Vegas native I've tried to give Ricardo's multiple chances but after my last experience I will not be going back. I've never been a big fan of the food since there are some great Mexican spots in Vegas , but the location is convenient. Not a complainer just giving my fellow yelpers a heads up. This place is garbage!笑
We just came back for a Father's Day dinner. The ambiance was very nice, the inside was very clean, and the staff is exceptionally friendly, always checking on you to make sure you are content.

So why three stars? 

Simply put, the food is mediocre at best. The two dishes we had came with wonderful presentation, but the food was bland. Meat had very little flavor. All in all, we were very underwhelmed.

But the cocktails are really good.笑
I classify Mexican food into two categories: "Tex-Mex" and "Authentic Mexican". I usually don't eat Authentic Mexican food unless I'm in Mexico, New Mexico, East Los Angeles, or Texas. 
I've been to this place a few times in the past usually between 11AM and 3PM, but I woke up at 7AM this morning with a craving for Tex-Mex, so I went there at 8AM because they're open 24hr/day. 
I really didn't know what to expect at that hour (maybe they only served Mexican omelets or huevos rancheros, etc.), but it turned out that they offered the regular full menu.
I got the combination plate, which is usually what I get if I go to Cabo's or Garduno's, but I'd have to say that Ricardo's was better than the two aforementioned restaurants.
I can't explain how it was better, but there was something in the seasoning that reminded me of the food in Mexico. The rice was very soft and the refried beans had no lumps of beans, both of which I liked very much and is not the case with other restaurants.
There was only one man there, who acted as host and server, and he treated me like family. He even said, "Would you like chips and salsa, or is it too early?", which I thought was very efficient, and it would be the same thing that I would say at 8AM (of course I answered, "Absolutely").
I drink a lot of iced tea, and after I downed the first glass in 60 seconds, he put a carafe of it on my table, which is what I would do as well (I ended up drinking two carafes). 
I wish that I brought my i-phone so I could've taken a picture of the combination plate, because the taco shell was not a regular taco shell, but more like a tortilla that was deep-fried. They also took the stem off of the chili relleno, which again, I thought was great, and I can't remember any other restaurant doing that.
I told the waiter exactly what I just wrote, and he was very gracious and said that he would relay my sentiment to the chef. He also mentioned that they get all their ingredients from California, which made sense.
I don't know what more I can say. It was very, very good.
Now, I have to add a third category for Mexican food: "Authentic Tex-Mex".笑
Wow my family came once and so we came here for my bday today.
They got us in as a party of 10 right away and were very accommodating! 
The server was AMAZING and interacted well with everyone including children... Honestly it was very impressive. 
They gave me an awesome flan for my bday dessert and sang for me:)
The manager came over and everyone was very pleasant.
Now, the food was off the chain with the lobster tacos, the halibut, and the peach margaritas!!! Simply just a great place for a friendly atmosphere:)笑
This place deserves 3.5 stars.  The food was tasty and I love the salsa!  Their menu contains all the usual suspects.  Service was a bit slow, even on a slow afternoon.  I was a bit taken aback that there was a tip factored in the bill already even though we were a party of 5.笑
Best Mexican ever!!!
Great prices. Delicious food and excellent service. And open 24 hours!!!! Yes Vegas... eat here. Thank you erin m. U r the best!!!!笑
I really like the atmosphere in the dining room at Ricardo's, but every time I visit, there seem to be problems.

It was a bit late when four of us went for dinner.  We were ushered to a table in the lounge, but asked to be seated in the dining room.  We didn't know it was already closed, but nevertheless, the hostess seated us there.  Definite props for that.

We started with an appetizer combo plate, which was very good.  For the main course, I ordered Carne Asada, medium rare.  At other Mexican restaurants, this steak has an inimitable flavor. It came out of the kitchen fully well-done, and the only flavor I tasted was salt.  By this time, I was full enough from the appetizers that I just sipped my margarita and didn't have them replace it.  I knew that without that special flavor that I know and love, a less-cooked replacement wouldn't be much better.  And that's the big disappointment at Ricardo's.  The food just isn't worth the trip.笑
If you like Mexican food, you must try Ricardo's! Lunch buffet for 13.95 with all your favorite items, can't beat it anywhere! Oh and did I mention the bean dip, a trio of bean dip, avocado salsa and fresh tomato salsa along with fresh tortilla chips is brought to table to start you off, delicious笑
Was looking for a decent Mexican restaurant off the strip and came across this little gem. I'll break down this review based off of the items I had to eat & drink.

Chips: Were super crisp fresh and delicious.  I found these chips much better than the average fair you find at a Mexican restaurant.

Salsa: They give you three different dips to try.  The bean dip is out of this world delicious, like others have mentioned it is really good.  The green salsa was more of a light Avocado salsa and had a nice flavor and just enough heat. The tomato red salsa was bland and watery with no flavor at all.  Was really disappointed with the red salsa compared to how good the others were.  

Cheese Enchilada: Probably one of the BEST I've had in quite awhile. The sauce had a rich deep flavor and the spices were balanced well. The tortilla was not soggy and filled with delicious gooey cheeses. 

Chicken Taco: The chicken was very flavorful although the tortilla was a little on the stale side.  The toppings were good but very minimal.  

Beans & Rice: One word OUTSTANDING! Really creamy beans that had a nice texture and the rice had some great flavor with the traditional peas in the rice.

Margarita: Had a Mango Margarita and it was average to good.  Nothing to special but nothing bad either.  

Overall a great experience with a very friendly staff.  "Freddie" was a great waiter who was super attentive and funny.  Well be back!笑
Excellent service.First, restaurant I like the service delicious food .. Respectful waiters , beautiful clean restaurant..笑
Wonderful experience for Cinco de Mayo! We made a reservation for 6:30 a half hour before we arrived (at 6:30) and we were seated within 3 minutes of arrival. The place was definitely in full Fiesta mode, complete with a live strolling band playing familiar tunes, and they took requests! The waiter we had was in the mood to be open to our general jovial ways, and he added to the fun. We observed waiters who often made their clients enjoy healthy belly laughs at their jokes, and everyone was being served from the bar as well as the kitchen in very reasonable time. Food and margaritas were delicious and we had a blast - and we are in the great grandparent stage of our lives. Ole' !笑
Yes! So wonderful. Staff was excellent was food was yummy, a little pricey for above average Mexican food but still a wonderful experience.笑
Sad. I really wanted to give this place a a 5 star. The service and decor were exceptional. However did not like the chips, my chicken enchilada or chili relleno very well. The chicken seemed stewed with a really weird aftertaste. The enchilada sauce was just not great (and I love all enchiladas). The chili relleno had a fridge or freezer taste to the outside breaded part. The rice was a tad soft as tho too much water had been put into it. My husband liked the thick chips but they didn't taste completely homemade and they were salty to the core. I hope the owners read this review so they can be aware.笑
Good food . great service. Enchilada/relleno plate is very good.
Ill came back next time i visit Vegas笑
Came in around 8ish. I had to help myself to silverware. The food came out cold and looked as if it sat in the window for a long time. I usually don't give bad reviews, but this was bad. Had enchilada suizas.笑
Fantastic,
I have been going to Ricardo's for years for their excellent food, so we decided to have them cater our company party.
The food was excellent, everyone loved it, plenty to go around and the cost was very reasonable.
Thank you!笑
Typical Ricardo's.  Not my first meal here. Still good (for a 24 HR restaurant) .... Had the steak fajitas this time.   Really good.  Filled me up totally. No room for the fried ice cream this time. Don't fill up on tortilla chips and salsa because you will (and they keep refilling it) .... Margaritas good.笑
Very nice; fine interiors, large spaces with big tables and booths. I suspect they'd welcome group functions. Great traditional Mexican fair, kids menu, friendly staff. Super chips! I'd be a regular if I lived in the same state.笑
I ate at Ricardo's and the food is amazing and the service is impeccable.  My wife and I came and both of us were in agreement that this will be one of our regulars.  Prices are good too.  This is not just a Mexican food place - so much more!笑
The owner contacted my husband a few days later and was shocked to hear of our experience and offered a free lunch. However, I find it hard to believe he was shocked of this experience considering all the negative posts on  Yelp!

There are many other Mexican food restaurants in this town to with better food, excellent service and at a great value!笑
So it helps when you visit this place and  get seated in the main section. The last  time we were here we sat in the bar, and everything was fine. This time we came in with some friends, and sat in the main area. 
We were greeted promptly by the friendly staff. I have to give some credit to our waitress as our group had two english only speakers, one spanish only speaker, someone who was bilingual and a child. Our waitress was able to easily switch back and forth between english and spanish to assist us. 
The salsa has definitely improved since our last visit. The medium was really chunky and the mild had much more flavor. The chips really are incredible here...probably the best I've had it town. Very crunchy, a bit oily but they are also very large. 
I had the taco salad. Its more of a hard shelled burrito than a salad. There is lettuce, but there are more beans and cheese than lettuce. The salad also has guacamole, salsa, sour cream and olives. I had without the meat, but you can get the meat on it. The portion was huge. After indulging in chips and salsa, I maybe conquered half of it. 
This place does have a roving magician/balloon animal artist. He was a little less aggressive than others I've seen, which was nice. 

We definitely had a better experience, and will probably be back.笑
Came in and really liked the decor. Decorated very festive. Chips were better than the salsa which was pretty runny. The guacamole was bland. My husband and I both ordered burritos. They were just ok. Nothing too spectacular and mine wasn't that hot. I did like their rice which was probably the best thing I had there. Server was friendly but seemed kinda lost and forgetful which was weird since we were like only the third table there. Probably won't be back to try again for you don't really get your moneys worth.笑
Well, my search for good Mexican food in Las Vegas continues.  I really wanted to like this place because the service was so friendly.  Unfortunately, my San Diego taste buds will not be returning.  

The Good:
+Great Service
+Fresh chips
+Complimentary bean dip
+Carne Asada flavor
+Large side of sour cream for only $1

The not-so-good:
-Iced tea
-Salsa
-Mushy rice
-Dried out tortillas
-Prices
-Refried beans flavor and texture笑
My friend and I stopped in here for margaritas on Thu/15 Nov around midnight.

5-stars because:
- Both the bar & kitchen are now open 24/7 (awesome for late night munchies).
- Margaritas come in three sizes and we each had a "small" for $7.50/ea.  The smalls were a pretty good size, margarita tasted great.  
- Waiter also provided a free basket of chips (with regular and those black nacho chips) with 3 dips (salsa, bean, guacamole).  Even though we weren't ordering any food when my friend asked for a chips & dip refill the waiter happily obliged with bringing us a new batch of chips (both types) and dips (all 3 types).
- So, awesome service.笑
I love this Ricardo's. It has been around since I was a little kid! They have great chips, salsa and they serve bean dip for free. And the Margaritas are the bomb! 

They have a lunch buffet, but I also go with the enchiladas or the combo plate. I love love the pork tamales. The corn isnt too dry and the meat is nice and tender. The shredded chicken tacos are also very yummy. Good solid Mexican food any day of the week.笑
I met a customer here for lunch on Friday. Ricardo's Mexican Restaurant is a large restaurant with plenty of parking and offers a lunch buffet in addition to their regular menu.

We sat in the bar where each booth contains a flat screen TV.
I ordered the killer guacamole and chips which were awesome and so addicting!  For my lunch entree I ordered  the combo - choices were a chili relleno and a beef enchilada which also came with beans and rice. The beef enchilada contained shredded beef and was tasty and the chili relleno was yummy too. 

The portion was large and I ate so many chips and guacamole that I couldn't finish everything.  Thank goodness I didn't go for the buffet.

I'll return here again since this is my clients favorite place to dine.笑
Far from being good Mexican food. The rice has no flavor, tastes like plastic. The only thing that has good taste are the chips because both the salsa and the homemade beans are bland. We had a really nice server but he only stopped to see if we needed anything else hmmm...0 times! I did like how they bring you a mini pitcher for your beverage refills. Overall I thought I was way too expensive for the bland food that doesn't even deserve to be called a Mexican Restaurant.笑
This was my first visit to Ricardo's as this was where my Mom decided to take me for my birthday dinner.

I had heard both good and bad reviews so I kept an open mind to decide for myself.

It kind of reminds me of the American style Mexican food of El Torito's from back in the day.

I decided to get the steak fajitas and my Mom decided on a combination plate that included an enchilada, taco and chile relleno. The taco was horrible, she took two bites and was done with it, the enchilada was sad however she liked the chile relleno.

I enjoyed the chips and dips they bring out to enjoy prior to your meal being served.

My iced tea was good and I like that they give you a carafe so that you can refill yourself, maybe because the food is a bit dry?

My steak fajitas was not that great, dry and almost too much of that charred burnt taste as I think they really let them sizzle for way to long prior to serving them. The rice and beans were bland and cold. 

I really wanted to like Ricardo's more than I did and it was actually disappointing to say the least.

Well I can scratch this restaurant off my list for places to try and revisit. 

It was my birthday, not sure how they found out but they did bring me a tasty piece of complimentary flan with a candle and sung to me. However as sweet as that was, it was not enough to salvage the poor quality of fake Mexican/Spanish food they serve.

When the complimentary chips and dip is better than the meal, that is not a good sign!笑
Mexican only has about 5 ingredients, but Ricardo's does them in about a million combinations! As well as having the traditional meats they also offer a lot of fish (pescado) & even lobster (tho we had the lob tacos & I was a little creeped out...) On weekends there is a buffet which is only $10, less than most entrees, & it looked pretty decent.
Overall, I would say its good but not great. The margaritas are worth a trip though.笑
First time here, great service and the green salsa was fantastic, definitely recommend for a great meal.笑
Pretty irritated with some of these down right RIDICULOUS reviews such as Rudy's.  Get it together people, complaining about SALT on chips!  I mean seriously?  Ricardo's is making chips for a mass of people, NOT YOU SPECIFICALLY RUDY!  I assure you, there is salt on the table.  Here is an idea, pick it up and use it!  "Here's your sign."

Now for my positive review.  Ricardo's did a downright amazing job catering my husband and I's wedding.  Every single one of out 120+ guests loved the food and I am sure many will be revisiting the restaurant.  I didn't hear one complaint and everyone left fat and sassy.  The drinks and service were unsurpassed and management was involved in every single step of the way...free of charge.  

I have been going to Ricardo's since I was a kid....20+ years.  The owner and his wife work Friday and Saturday and they know you by name and always have a smile on their face.  This is a touch of special for me, they are a great pair.

They have delicious food that I cannot seem to get out of my head.  The chicken Ricardo's is my favorite and melts in your mouth.

As for those chips and salsa you some ding-dongs seem to be complaining about.  Why are you complaining when you have a selection of three sauces?  You don't like one, here's an idea, try the other.  Most restaurants offer one selection and that's it.  What's the mean?  You don't like it and you are stuck.  

Don't rely on the YELP reviews of morons, try it for yourself!笑
i went here almost 6 months ago. Solid fajitas, decent margaritas, good service. I really remember their guacamole standing out笑
Ricardo's is a staple in my Vegas outings. It's open late (maybe even 24 hours? I forget) and their food is always high quality. We usually have to be wheelbarrowed out! I've been here with Emijandro, the BGB Harry, and even my parents The Griswolds, and it's always great service, strong margaritas, and plenty of great food. I personally recommend their breakfast burrito, or their Burrito Ricardo's. I'm certain I'll be back again, I'm sure.笑
Waiter was great and would give him 5 stars, but the food was just average. Nothing really blew us away in our party of 4, but it satisfied our craving for Mexican food that day.笑
Ricardo's is a nostalgic place for me. I began eating at the old Trop/Eastern location when I was a young child. I remember a school friend's dad being a waiter... YEARS later, to my surprise, he still works at the remaining location. loved it then, I love it now. I can't say the service or food is mind-blowing but I like the ambiance & appreciate the consistency & the tradition of dining there. The chips & salsa are always yummy in my tummy & devoured in the blink of an eye. I almost always have the fajitas. They are perfect, except the tragically disproportionate onion/bell pepper/mushroom ratio: 96 onions, 2 green peppers, 1 red pepper & 1 mushroom. I've since started ordering the veggie ones. Don't be alarmed to see broccoli, carrots & cauliflower added in lieu of the meat. The texture & flavor is out of this world. There is a lunch buffet patrons favorite, as well. Their chile relleno isn't the best. The chile Colorado is flavorful. The enchiladas aren't too shabby. Their strawberry margarita tastes mildly of tomato. But, overall, I highly recommend this Vegas oldie but goodie for your Mexican food fix.笑
Easy to find, nice atmosphere, really good food, I would return.笑
Don't waste your money or time. Food was absolutely HORRIBLE! We ordered the fish taco's with rice and beans & two house margarita's. Fish Taco's $14.95 and had absolutely no taste at all. Clearly the kitchen doesn't taste what they send out. It was very fast though ... probably microwaved. No lime/spanish seasoning/flavor what so ever. And the deciding factor? This is our second time because we thought we might have caught them on a bad day two months ago when we tried them. I used come here in the 1980's and it was always awesome and you had to wait to get in. No so anymore. Very few customers. The frozen cod called fish is flavorless as is the rice. Try Jalisco's up on Durango and near the 215. Worth the drive and has authentic flavor. They also are friendly with excellent prices far below this worn out old, canned sauce, microwave tasteless fare. Too bad. It used to be the "gold standard" now it's worse than Del Taco. I warned you!!!笑
Good, very authentic Mexican food. You can nit pick about anything in any restaurant, but if you want a real Mexican food experience that isn't one of the million Roberto's in town, this is perfect. Our server Jeronimo was really nice and helpful, and knew a lot about the food. I got the taco, enchilada, and tamale combo plate, and the shredded beef was marinated perfectly.  My girl got the lobster and shrimp enchiladas, and she loved them. The chips and salsa came with two different types of salsa and bean dip, which were awesome. A great place.笑
Hands down, the best Mexican food I've had since being in Mexico!!!! Love love love. The prices are really decent, the atmosphere is good, food authentic, and the waiters gave fantastic service. They work very hard here and it shows. I will be a loyal customer every trip back to Las Vegas!!!笑
This restaurant was absolutely delicious!!! I would highly recommend it to anyone. I came from out of town and was looking for good Mexican food and I was so pleased with what I found!笑
From the chips and salsa to the end of the meal it was delicious and satisfying. Freddie our waiter was tip notch and very friendly and helpful. It was just by pure chance we stopped to eat there but definitely will be a frequent spot from now on. I recommend it highly. Plus they swipe your card right at the table when your ready to pay. It was awesome笑
This place is always a good place to eat. And now they r open late, very late for those drinking hungry people. Lol food has always been good and the service has always been good as far as I can remember, haven't been here in a while ,but we were staying down the road in a date night out. The Margarita's r always good. This place is a must try least one time if u come to Vegas.笑
I've come here twice already. The first night I came it was for a late night eat. This place is open from 11am - 6am, so it was perfect after a night of partying. 

We were seated and given chips, 3 different types of salsa, and water right away. The chips were very warm and fresh, which was surprising considering it was 2am.

I opted for the Tostada Fiesta without sour cream (9.95) and my boyfriend got sirloin steak fajitas (14.95). It came within 10 minutes and boy did it look yummy! We both took a bite and it tasted just as good. The portions were very big, so we weren't able to finish, but we had some awesome leftovers. 

I highly recommend this place for late night dining. It's very mellow since there aren't many people dining and the lights are dimmed a bit to give it a romantic/relaxing mood. 

The second time we came here, it was for the $10 taco buffet. We found out about the it the first time we were here because the waitress suggested it. 

The place was a little more poppin' this time since it was around lunchtime and I'm sure there's a lot of regulars that enjoy the buffet. We were seated and given chips and salsa right away. Pretty awesome considering we were paying for the buffet and we still got complimentary chips n salsa. I also ordered a cherry coke and the waitress brought it with a couple maraschino cherries in the cup, which was a tasty little treat. 

We headed down the steps and to the buffet. It was rather small, but it had all the necessities to get your tummy to grow twice its size. There were tacos, chile relleno, enchiladas, rice, beans, fresh guacamole, salsas, carnitas, carne asada, shredded pollo, and even tostada bowls to make your own crazy concoctions, 

We both put as much food on our plates as we could possibly fit. We just wanted to make sure we tried everything and we sure did. Needless to say, by the end of our meals we were extremely full and very satisfied. The quality of the food was great, especially for the low price that you pay. 

I'd definitely come back again. You get the most bang for you buck with the buffet, but if you want a nice low key dining experience then come here for a late night dine.笑
the food here is great ! i really enjoyed the bean dip delicious !!! not to metion its open 24 hrs !!!!笑
Happy hour discounts only in the bar!!  Bean dip is nice to have but not anything special.. Chips are great.. Red salsa is horrible..  The green is ok chicken enchilada gets a 3/5 pork tamale 2/5 rice 4/5 quesadilla 3/5 iced tea 5/5笑
Had Ricardo's for the first time today. Greatly pleased! I had the Chile Verde burrito. Stuffed with pork, beans and topped with delicious green chile sauce. Hubby had the carne asada plate. Steak was super thick, served with a grilled cream corn. Large strawberry margarita hit the spot! Strong enough and delish. Finished the meal with a fried ice cream. Definitely will be coming here again! They deliver too笑
Remember when Ricardo's was a place to be reckoned with? Now it's becoming a place to be worth wrecking. But to be honest I arrived after 1:30 so the buffet items seemed really dry. It's been awhile since I've been here, I'm afraid to say it will be another while....笑
It used to be great... Lunch buffet mid week is still good.. We went for dinner 2 times now.. and Its expensive.. and the service SUCKED!
I just find it pricy for the quality and quantity.. and the service was extremely lacking... we waited 15 minutes to get a refill on an iced t..  I cannot recommend it anymore. It used to be one of my favorite spots too!笑
Food was good but messed up order twice on take out. Replace meal second time and the third time was the charm. Friendly environment though.笑
I love that this place is open for when you want to sit down with some friends for late night grub and you want something fancier than fast food. 

Been here a couple of times. Tried their margaritas, lobster flautas, and burritos. Their chips and beans in the beginning are good. The lobster flautas had a weird tang to them. Burritos were standard Mexican restaurant quality. 

The service is super hit or miss. Sometimes we have been ignored for a long time or it always ends up being a hassle when paying our bills where credit card machines are broken or it takes so long.笑
***Late Night***

I had no idea this place was open until 6AM! I thought it was a restaurant-lunch-dinner type place- but no, not only do they serve food all night- but they have a bar and gaming open as well. And can I just say that the set up is pretty sweet, comfortable, chairs and booths plenty of room. This was my second time grabbin a bite at Ricardo's. The first time I fell in love with their mini rolled taquitos (chicken) which were meant to be an appetizer but the plate was so big it was the only plate I had- it was the only plate I NEEDED. YUMMY. The second time I had PORK ENCHILADAS- on the menu it states the flavor is AMAZING.. I dont know about amazing but it was very good! Once again the proportions were huge and I barely got through half the plate. 

Chips, salsa, and bean dip were delicious as well! I was impressed :D This place is a little pricey($11-15$ per plate) but I believe well worth the price.笑
DO NOT waste your time with this place.
$19 "appetizer sampler" was a total waste of money! Soggy nachos, re-fried taquitos,  and a condescending manager named Sandy who did absolutely nothing to rectify the situation. She did offer us a $10 gift certificate to patronize this business in the future and blamed the quality of food on their third party delivery service Road Runner. 

I give this place a negative 5 stars. 
Keep your gift certificate Sandy, we will not be back in the future

F笑
This restaurant has the best selection of Spanish dishes. I go there a lot,and I recommend everyone try the carniasad its great.笑
Just went to Ricardo's restaurant for the first time tonight.Food was very good and great service.Had Steak Fajita,wife and son had steak and shrimp.Only problem we had was they brought out 3 steak and shrimp but they let us keep the shrimp and brought out extra order of steak,so NO PROBLEM!!!!!!!!! Our waiter was Pancho and he was great.Excellent service.I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that's looking for a good Mexican restaurant in town.Reasonably priced,very good food,excellent service.I left there stuffed and had food to take home.笑
The best chimichanga around.....great service, nice atmosphere.  Always a great las Vegas meal.笑
Make sure to double check your tab if you sit at the bar. I had 4 extra beers and lobster tacos on my check and never would have noticed if I didn't double check.笑
My group of 4 went to Ricardo's on New Year's Eve for dinner.  Sadly, we were very disappointed.  The food was very mediocre.  It doesnt compare with the better Mexican restaurants in town. The service was pretty good, though.笑
I love this place. Open 24 hours and great staff. Plenty of parking and the food is great. Even has salads in the menu! I would rather go here instead of the more popular hangover go-to spots.笑
It was easy to get a seat, considering it was on a weekday night and the place was virtually empty. The atmosphere is inviting and cultural, with a comfortable vibe and color everywhere. The booth we were at even had its own little television to watch! I really like the decoration of the place, it definitely invites you into the experience.

Unfortunately, the food was bland at best. The bean dip with chips was okay, but the two other sides of what I thought was salsa and spicy salsa were too watered down and bland. Even the chips themselves didn't have any real kick or substance to them. I ordered the plan bean burrito, in which the rice was very bland and a little mushy. The burrito itself was nothing exciting, and I only ended up finishing half of my meal (and not taking the rest of it home with me).

My boyfriend ended up finding a long, thick black hair in his food. We immediately told the bus boy, and while it took the manager a good minute to head over to our table, she was nice enough on removing the item from the bill. Our server also gave us a free margarita in place of it. While having a taste of the margarita (and minding they made that margarita kick!), their server either forgot to card him or felt obligated to get him his drink for free. Either way, there is absolutely no reason why he shouldn't have asked for ID in a town like this. That automatically wanted me to drop this review down to a one star.

My conclusion is this place draws you in with the decor and beauty of the atmosphere, but it doesn't make up for the food. Ricardo's has a lot of potential if they offered new menu items if they decided to revamp what they already have with more flavor. Otherwise, I'd pass on this place.笑
Really enjoyed the service and the way they treated me.
Food.. love the bean dip and green sauce it was amazing with the chips 
Enchiladas suizas were really good lil dry but good
Albóndiga soup dont recommend it won't fill you up and not so good 
Rice delishes 

Are.far as drinks good selection agua the pina effen sweet not so good..笑
I love Mexican Food, it is probably my third favorite food group ;) 

I was craving some Margaritas and Fajitas. Luckily we live in Vegas and there are restaurants that are open very late- so I found this little spot in the Southwest area. 

We sat in the bar area, where they offered gambling as well. 

I ordered a Medium size Mango Margarita- Delicious and was definitely very big! 

My boyfriend and I shared the Fajitas for two, and we ordered half chicken and half steak. The fajitas came on a sizilling hot plate, with guacamole, pico, sour cream, rice, beans, roasted onions tomato's mushrooms and peppers topped with cilantro ..... YUM

They also give you free table side chips with salsa and bean dip. 
I am not a huge fan of bean dip, but their bean dip was amazing. 

The service was okay nothing over the top, and our server Kim was very nice, even when our order was messed up. 

I had a great time and we had enough for leftovers. Definitely a great place for a midnight snack :)笑
Had dinner here last week.  It was wonderful.  Service was very efficient.  Food was quite good.  Atmosphere was A-ok.  Prices were reasonable.  Definitely plan on returning.笑
The food was ok and the service was average. We ordered a burrito and enchiladas to share and it was good but nothing that was a wow factor. They do have good salsa that they serve with chips.笑
GREAT food! I love supporting local family owned businesses in Las Vegas. They've been here for 35 years, which says a lot in this town. They were even in the Guinness book of world records for the largest margarita! 
Being centrally located on Flamingo and Decatur is awesome, and you can't beat being open 24 hours! 
I've got nothing bad to say about this place. It's a must try, that is, if you haven't already.笑
When we had regular business meetings with managers of our staff, we chose Ricardo's for their great food, good service and affordable prices. We recommend them for any business meetings or employee outings.笑
This was the consensus of the group of 4 of us that visited Ricardo's for lunch.  We did not partake in the lunch buffet for $11.99, but instead ordered off the menu.  Guess that was a mistake!

Two of us ordered carnitas tacos - it was dry, hard strips of meat (not shredded or cubed), more like leftover from the fajitas, with a teaspoon of diced onion, but NO cheese, no salsa, no tomato, no lettuce, that's it.  Tasteless, hard meat.  Two of them.  The beans were fine, but it's hard to screw those up, as was the rice. 

One person had enchiladas, very average enchiladas with very little filling and a whole lot of sauce on top!  Nothing to make your belly smile, that's for sure. 

Another person had the tortilla soup -- and there was NO CHICKEN, but loads of celery!!  Must've been cheap that day . . . it was more of a veggie loaded soup with chicken broth.  

Another person had the meatball soup (not sure what the proper Mexica name is), but there were TWO tiny meat balls.  That's it.  And a whole lot of dark broth.   

I LOVE chips n salsa -- they also had a bean dip and green salsa, all were pretty good, not the best ever, but enough to have me optimistic about my meal.  The chips were the kind I like, crispy, corny with just enough salt.  It is because of the chips n salsa that this is a 2-star (and not a 1-star) visit.  

The place was pretty busy for lunch, but most dined at the buffet.  Perhaps that's your best bet.  They do make some nice sized margaritas, but we didn't have any this trip.  

It wasn't good, it's highly unlikely I'll revisit, but I'm glad I tried it as I drive by it enough and have always wondered.  Now I know ! :)笑
Visited on a slow Sunday... tried the $15.50  Buffett with Unlimited Soft drinks... slow service... went to the Buffett before the Waiter came to our table (Long wait).  Small selection at Buffett, no Desserts or Soups.   Location was nice & large.  Food was of the "El Torito" style not Authentic. Plus was the 3 "Salsas" with the Chips.笑
I was invited to this place for lunch and they were serving a lunch buffet. The food buffet didn't look so good or fresh. At the same time, it wasn't really a buffet either because there was a lady serving it. Anyway, I tried the chili relleno, enchilada, rice, bean and a carne asada taco. All of it tasted like frozen food being microwaved, not to mention the cheese on top of the enchilada was burnt and had a weird taste to it. 

My tummy hurt as soon as I finished tasting these items. So gross. I should have eaten just the chips and salsa only. Don't know how much the lunch costs but really, who'd pay for this?笑
I hope the Owner and Staff read this review. 
One weekend day I visited your buffet. Little did you know that was a very hard day for me. 
I had visited many times in the past. That day I came to eat because I knew I could count on it being: easy, fast, good quality and everyone in my small group of 3 people would be able to find something they liked. What I got was something more. I had been suffering from a emotional incident. As I sat there eating....trying to just get through the day. Feeling like I was all alone in the word. I was very sad and speechless. Just then I heard a sweet voice behind me  say "I brought these for you" as she sat down on the table a bowl of Spicy Carrots. You see there normally are spicy carrots and jalapenos on the buffet. I like to eat lots of them every time I visit the buffet. Some days I will drive out of my way....just to eat the Guacamole Salad with a plate of carrots. But, that day there were no carrots to enjoy. Your female employee not only noticed I was not the same that day, But went out of her way to make every guest (me) feel important. She will never know that little act of kindness will stay with me forever. She is management material and I hope her bosses see that in her too.笑
Clean place 
Good service
Good food 
Ordered lobster & shrimp enchilada very flavorful 
We got chips and as dips we got salsa, guacamole salsa and beans i dont like beans much and these were pretty good the guacamole salsa delishes and spicy which i like alot . 
Overall i recommend it笑
This place has some amazing tacos! I love the vibe of the place and how everything clicks! They truly know how to spoil me and my family every time we come wether we dine in or take out!笑
I hear people all the time say "aww..its not real Mexican"...   I say... "if it isn't.. I don't care".  This is great food folks.  Awesome flavors and a great atmosphere.  Bring the kids or go to watch the game.  Excellent buffet lunch too.   I think they've got the best chips in the western hemisphere.笑
The guacamole and the menudo were awesome. Good fast service, it's suppose to be a typical Mexican restaurant but it had heavy metal rock playing in the background lol笑
In desperation to get away from endless cigarette smoke and overpriced food options the casinos offer, we stumbled upon this place for lunch (after checking other reviews of course).

This place is like a El Torito/Whole Enchilada restaurant. There was a sunday buffet available, but we ordered fajitas. 

The food is just 3 stars, and slightly overpriced to me for Vegas (13 bucks for fajitas) but what made this place special to me is the waiter named Freddie. SERIOUSLY this guy made us laugh constantly! Very personable, and he is the reason that I would come back here.   Waiters like him are rare.   

I would do the buffet next time or eat here for dinner, but if you are in the area, stop by and ask for Freddie to serve you!!!!笑
Came Friday night about 9pm & was immediately seated.Waiter soon after took our drink order.
Chips, Bean Dip & 2 side salsas arrived shortly thereafter. Chips were warm, crispy & fresh. I know some have complained  about the chips but ours was very fresh & warm. Bean dip was awesome as others have raved. Especially when dipped into the guacamole like salsa, which was very good. The other salsa (red) was somewhat watery & too mild. 
I love breakfast regardless of time of day, so ordered Chorizo con Huevos & wife ordered the special Lobster seafood Enchiladas. Both orders came with rice & beans and Chorizo came with tortillas.
Chorizo was cooked the way I like & tasted ok but lacked that reddish residue oil which would have greatly improved taste & moisture? Wife's Lobster enchiladas was great. She would order same again. 
Beans were ok but better after adding some salsa. Rice was tasteless, bland & watery, like it was re-steamed? but better than dry undercooked rice like some restaurants serve. Again better when sprinkled with salsa. Flour Tortillas were wax paper like & thin similar to those low fat tortillas?

Service was great! Waiter continuously returned to check on us.

Would be 4 stars if not for the negatives listed above.

We would definitely return again. Especially since they are open 24/7 & food is good.

Understood, is that, everyone has their own taste! And everyone's comments, including mine, are therefore subjective.笑
Open 24 hour we decided to check the place out last night around midnight. They have half off happy hour drinks, and appetizers. Great service and food.  I recommend the Camarones Chipotles con Ajo.笑
I came here for an event being hosted by the National Hispanic Republican Assembly. The starters were okay. The weekend buffet was mediocre. I wouldn't return nor suggest you to attend.笑
Good fajitas!  Best margaritas in town, but a little pricey for the big one. We visit often and are never disappointed.笑
Word of mouth led me here, the food will keep me coming back. We arrived at the 3pm happy hour and enjoyed lobster flautas, chicken flautas, and chicken wings, along with the customary chips and dips as well as margaritas. Everything tastes home made, as is probably the best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed the bean dip & lobster flautas! Sadly, the lobster flautas never seem to be available at the midnight happy hour.笑
Thank God for rental cars in Vegas.  Ricardo's used to be located on the MGM walk.  This is where a friend and I got hooked on the best Mexican food in Vegas.  Then, to my disappointment, I found out they had to relocate!!  After two hours of getting lost on Flamingo in the total wrong direction, we finally found it.  And never shall we part again!  Ricardo's has some of the best chicken taquitos Ive ever had in my life!  Everything else is GREAT too.  It all comes down to the sauce and cheese doesnt it?  Sauce and cheese over already great food?  Come on now.  If you are a drinker, you wont be disappointed here either--they offer these HUGE margaritas and let's just say you can tell this is their specialty too. So if you are looking for a mex food fix in Sin City, just drive about a mile past the Rio and Ricardo's holds the corner spot in a strip mall.  You won't regret it...  Oh, great chips, salsa and service too.  I believe they even have Mariachis, at times.  Or maybe that was just the Margarita making the pictures sing.笑
I am from Texas and did not know what to expect from a Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.  I opted for the buffet for $13.99 ($14.99 with beverage).  The cheese enchiladas were sooooo gooooood!!!  Also, on the buffet was beef and chicken breast fajitas (not thigh meat), build your own tacos and taco salad, and flour and corn tortillas.  Chips with three different kinds of dipping sauces were delivered to our table.  Our waiter was extremely friendly, encouraging us to "stat as long as you like...it's hot out there."  Two thumbs way up!!笑
I love this place I have ate here many many times. The nachos are great but everything is amazing. The service is great and the new bartender is super cool! 5 starts is and easy rating.笑
I recently had a work luncheon at Ricardo's, I had been before years ago and it was extremely unmemorable. This visit would be more memorable but for the wrong reasons. 

When given the choice, I prefer to order off the menu than choose a buffet. But the whole group went to the buffet and I didn't want to be the oddball. I had two carne asada tacos, cheese enchilada and chips & salsa. The enchilada was bland the only hint of flavor was the acidity from the tomatoes. The salsa, too, was bland and watery. The chips were pretty generic. The first taco was ok, a bit bland, but tender. The second was filled with grizzly meat. It really turned my stomach. Fortunately, the service was friendly and they were able to accomodate our large group.笑
The lobster tacos were really good.  My wife had the lobster and shrimp enchiladas that she could not stop talking about.   

Great salsa and dips and it is open 24 hours  a day.  They have a buffet at lunch.

Jesse笑
Good food nice atmosphere. Great Ritas.  And very close to me And they are alwasys open.   You can go late at night and still have good service and good food笑
Lobster tacos are perfect!  It's only been an hour since I've had them and I already want more.  Great location, food, drinks and service. I'm a pretty hard person to please and this place more than met me expectations. Must try.笑
They have an awesome been dip...! Margarita's are pretty desent.  

My friend had her wedding reception here and it was lovely. They had a gorgeous Mexican theme table setting. 

The food was delicious, the variety was huge... my favorite was the Green Salsa with meat & guacamole was great, very fresh...!笑
The food is just OK. I remember when Ricardos used to be a great place for Mexican food.  Today, not so much.  The main reason for the single star is how tue staff treated a 12 year old girl.  When asking for a kids menu for her the waiter actually asked "are you serious". He then leaves the table and comes back a few minutes later and ask if we're ready to order. Mind you he did not bring a kids menu. He was reminded that we had asked for one and he actually said " I thought you were joking". A couple minutes later this old biddy comes by with what looked to be a kids menu and says with a real snarky attitude "children's menus are for 10 and under". She the proceeds to snidely comment at the child "you're a big girl now".  Some people you just want to smack. But seriously, what's the big deal, she's a picky eater that doesn't eat much. So instead she was forced to order a full meal which she maybe ate 30% of. What a waste of food not to mention money. I'm not saying I won't go back to Ricardo's, but I guarantee it will be at least 1 year from now. With that and maybe this review dissuading at least one person will cost them more than if they would have just let a kid eat a kids meal.笑
Open 24 hours. Good food and very nice late night service.笑
This place is great for late night Mexican food, it's prolly been here for million years and has been 24 hours as well. have a good selection of Mexican food . Have complementary chips , salsa and bean dip.
They also have a huge selection of margaritas. Prices are reasonable staff is very friendly and nice笑
First the service.  We asked for a kids menu for our 12 year old daughter, and the server thought we were kidding, ok.  
I asked our server a second time and then the manager came by and informed us that the kids menu was for 10 and younger, making a joke that  fell flat about how my daughter needed to grow up and be a big girl and order from the regular menu.
Why would a restaurant not allow her to order from the kids menu?  
The food is priced acording to portion size any way, so whats in it for them to say no?
The service was adequate but the experience was soured by the kids menu thing.  As for food its ok, i feel the food from robertos is far superior and less expensive.  Ricardos is a nice atmosphere for a meal, just dont bring your kids.笑
I have been coming here since I was 8 with my family. This place still has the same people. I love their food and still love coming here. Miss the days they had a guitarist though, but still love it.笑
Wife and i had lunch there 2 weeks ago.  Food and service outstanding.   We are going back to Vegas in December.  We will be returning there for lunch, maybe dinner or who knows maybe both. We highly recommend Ricardos for a meal.笑
Lesson learned: gotta make reservations for a tequila bar/restaurant on Cinco de Mayo or arrive early and plan to stay. But this place wasn't so bad. We got a table without waiting super long. It was packed of course. And we only came for drinks and dessert anyway.

Since our stay was short lived, my review just as well. Three star service. This however, took longer than general for a server/waiter to attend to us. Pardon them for the crazy mass of diners. They were trying their best you can see. Alright I'll say it, they needed clones. Somebody had a birthday and they were able to squeeze in a song for that celebrant.

Drinks and dessert... Oh yes! It's worth a non-meal. Oh but the purple margarita was a bit sour. Go with the blue. Coffee lovers who enjoy both a caffeine and relaxation buzz, definitely get Ricardo's special coffee. We gotta come back though boks and friends. I wanna try their food.笑
Came here on a slow day. Server was very slow & wasn't very attentive. The food service was also soooo slow! Our food took almost 40 minutes. Probably won't be back.笑
we had a great server but we came with a whole soccer team and apparently the other server helping them can't do her job and the manager didn't seem too concerned with the poor service.笑
The food was good, would have given 5 stars,but our server Manny was a little rude and inpatient. Manny did seem to pull it together when he took our order for dinner. Overall I recommend for good tasting Mexican food,but management needs to teach Manny some manners.笑
I LOVE HAPPY HOUR HERE! cheap drinks and appetizers Monday-Friday 3-6pm and the super late night happy hour Midnight-4am.
Try the Pineapple/mango margarita on the rocks with Patron. My favorite!!  The chips and salsa are pretty darn good. 
Although I came for happy hour we also had a birthday dinner here after happy hour. our party was seated immediately and our orders were taken pretty quickly, they divided our checks for us, I thought that was nice of them allot of places don't like to divide checks. The food came quickly and our waiter was pleasant. The food was not bad but it was not the BEST Mexican food I've had either. The restaurant seemed a little stuffy and warm. I asked our waiter if he could adjust the temp. and that was taken care of as well.
I recommend this place for large parties and for Happy hour!笑
Very happy I chose Ricardo's for our wedding reception.  It looks months of searching for a "casual" but still nice of enough place to have a wedding reception in Vegas to fit our large group.  It was very easy to book and the prices were great!  The only disadvantage was the room was supposed to hold up to 100 people, and we had 70 and it was too crowded for the buffet and all the tables, I couldn't imagine much more than what we had.  There was another wedding party at the same time, so I'm assuming we weren't in the room to hold up to 100 people.  Otherwise I was very happy with the location.笑
Great Mexican restaurant.  The Bar Side is dimily lit and has a dark ambiance.  The Restaurant side is larger and well lit and comfortable.  Visited here after New Years Eve on the Bar side and also during the Days in the restaurant.  The service has been excellent.  The food has been just as excellent.  Whether having an entree or the buffet style, the food has been fresh.  Check it out after work, or after the club, even the late night or is that early morning munchies.笑
I was given a gift card to this place from work, so we thought we'd give it a try and MAN im glad we did!
The fresh chips and salsa (2 salsas actually, and warm beans too) kept coming and were always fresh. Then I had a large margarita...it is LARGE!!! Very good, and very big (the wife drove home!). 
Taco and enchilada were great, my wife had a chimi which she said was moist and great. Our daughter loved her chicken fingers (i also liked her french fries).
Our waiter, Sacramento, was 100% AMAZING. Funny, nice, treated our daughter like she was a grown adult (shes 3) and was very nice and punctual.

Between the great food and Sacramento's service, we will be back!!!笑
Not great. Mexican food is not hard to make. I understand they are cooking for the masses but the food needs a revamp. The beef is bland. Almost like it came from a can. It's just NOT great. 

We ordered the lunch menu Ricardo's burrito and the beef taquitos. The taquitos were over fried and my burrito was topped with some sauce, not chili nor beans. It was a weird sauce with chunks of something unidentifiable. 

I picked at my food and waited for the waitress to come by and ask if something was wrong because I placed my burrito off the to the side and waited for her. She never came back (She got busy with 2 other tables and attended to their order). In the meantime, the bus girl came over an refilled or drinks but couldn't do anything about the food.  When our waitress finally remembered us was when she was walking by our booth to get refills for the other tables, and I asked her for the check (at this point I was done with this whole experience). We paid the $26.00 for our food and left. 

We will never be back again. It USED to be a great place to eat. The service was ok. The place have changed their food suppliers, or recipes to cut costs or chef because the food is not what it used to be. Very sad.笑
Found this gem coming back fork a doctor appt. decided to check it out .. Right when you walk in you are greeted with hellos and welcomes from all the employees. Right away they bring you chips and a trio of two different salsas and bean dip. Food is delicious and service it great! Will definitely come back笑
The only downside from this place is that they use store bought shells for their hard tacos. They literally look like dell taco shells. If they would have made their own, it would have been better. The meatballs in the albondigas soup also tasted store bought. Service was okay, after we were done we waited about 15 minutes for the check. Everything else was very good. Loved the three different choices to dip the chips in (salsa, cilantro sauce/salsa, bean dip)笑
I had high hopes for this place. For me; and this might not be the case for everybody, but the best way to check a restaurant on authenticity is by the way the food is prepared. The place was nice and welcoming and the fact that it's 24 hrs is great! Who wants to always go to Denny's? So this is very good, but I was here for the food.  I ordered #14, taco, enchilada and chile relleno. 
The good: the relleno and enchilada(cheese) were good, not excellent, but above average.
The bad: the taco...I requested a hard shell taco with shredded beef. This is where authenticity comes in. Mexicans will relate; a hard shell taco is a corn tortilla folded and  deep fried with the meat inside. Then the cheese, lettuce and salsa are added by the eater or cook after. What came to me was a mission tortilla hardshell. Something you get at Taco Bell and Del taco, it wasn't good. This is what we call a lazy Mexican taco. Now, they might have their reasons, but I don't think it's reason enough to offer this atrocity. The beans were bland and undercooked and the rice was salty. I don't want to knock it too much, but, I hope this helps them improve. I will give it another try for breakfast.笑
This place needs a facelift. It is definitely running down. The quality of food was no better than a Supermex used to offer. The server Jose was very nice thou.笑
I just had an amazing dinner-- service was excellent they were on top of everything especially during Super Bowl --- and the food was delicious - thank you Juan and  Tovar for great service and to the friendly hostess笑
Staff is very friendly, they have a great selection, with numerous lunch-portion options.  Our meals were great, portion sizes were good.  

My biggest disappointment was dessert - the fried ice cream, which ended up being ice cream covered with corn flakes (something I have seen before, and am always disappointed with, as that's not fried ice cream), and the flan, which was more cake than custard.  Easy enough to skip dessert all together.  Everything else was good tho!笑
This was my first time here.  Had a nice time. The food was good, the staff pleasant and menu selections gives a wide variety to choose from.

I really liked the pitcher of margarita options.  Mango was the BOMB!!!  Next time I will have them mix the pineapple & strawberry together--sounds good to me.

Everyone enjoyed their meals so that was a plus++++

When time to pay up--it was great to see how they handle credit cards.  Instead of taking your card away to process, they do it at the table on a hand held charge machine.  GREAT!!!!笑
After taking a recommendation from our Lyft driver, we decided to give Ricardo's a try. We're glad we did. She had the Camarones Chipotle. Delicious. I had a modified order of Fajitas based on a food allergy. Again, Delicious. The bartender (Ever) and a busser (Luis) were excellent. Luis made great recommendations and Ever's services were on point. A definite must if you want great Mexican food off of the strip.笑
Man havent been here in ages. Ricardos is #oldschool笑
Ill nvr eat this bullshit again, rip off, defiantly not wor the money or the time,,,hostess ok 10 minutes to seat us o a table笑
Best authentic mexican food I've had in Vegas! I definitely recommend the Camarones in Chipotle sauce over rice! Poncho gave us great service! Love the fact that they are open 24/7.. we will be back for sure :)笑
Ricardo's, Ricardo's what can I say? Well I am a bit upset with myself that I am just now trying out this place! It was very good and the service was fantastic! I went with my best friend on the spur of the moment! I forgot they are available with opentable.com and we were both in the mood for Mexican and looked up some things that were in the area! Ricardo's appears and sure enough we booked a reservation for two please! As soon as we arrived we were greeted immediately from the host and a server that was already available! Seated swiftly! I think we are on a roll here! After we were seated our server came over introduced himself and made some great recommendations! I had a huge burrito that was filled with I believe rib tips or something in that nature can't remember all I know is that it was very filing and good! I will be returning soon!笑
This restaurant's been around forever. It's been through a lot of changes like now theyre open 24hrs. Sorry food is "so so", nothing memorable that I've eaten here! Sometimes they've had Live music..but all in all its not too fun to dine here. It's beautiful inside, they would do better if they could have done type of event schedule like Mariachi on some nights..Karaoke, just to bring in more customers. The food is good, but all in all no matter what you order the bill climbs up there by the time you order. The menu is set up to make you end up paying more than you should? I've been here with friends for lunch and its still a bit  too steep for that. They don't have special lunch prices..etc. To me, it's a 5 between 1-10. It has a bland atmosphere, no enthusiasm by the staff. Somethings missing, cant put my finger on it.....笑
My friend and I went here two days ago, neither had been but drive by all the time, thought looked nice.  Sat in the bar area.  Took forever to get a drink, then waiter got the order for soup wrong, my friend's soup was cold, when mine finally came a bug jumped off of it????  Yeah, then the waiter actually asked if I wanted a new order, of course not.  Then asked if i wanted the bill.  Of course not paying for food with bugs jumping off food.  We left immediately.  Never going back.笑
My friends and I stopped by here for the first time before we headed back to California and I am glad we did. Pancho was our waiter and he was AWESOME!!! So nice and he was on top of everything. The rest of the staff were just as nice. I'm definitely coming back here and I recommend you do too!! Chips were so yummy and the menudo was great!笑
Love, LoVe, LOVE Ricardo's Mexican Restaurant. My family has been going there for  more than a decade and has followed the restaurant through it's various locations over the years. It's worth it. Hands down best mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Not only is their food top-notch, but the service is always friendly. 

When we moved here from Phoenix we missed a certain appetizer our old Mexican restaurant offered (melted cheese and mushrooms inside a warm tortilla). While Ricardo's doesn't offer this dish, they're still willing to make it when we ask every time we come in, providing a little taste of home in the big city.

My #1 recommendation - The margaritas are superb. Order the largest one they have (we affectionately call it "the trough" in my family). Also, paying the extra for top shelf tequila is definitely worth it. You won't regret it.  

Hope you find this review helpful.笑
The bartender Juan is a great guy and very attentive and makes great drinks...the staff overall are very friendly and alot of the food ive tried here is good.笑
I love Mexican food, and I absolutely love Ricardo's. Highly recommend. Great food, great service, and awesome atmosphere. Ricardo's is my favorite spot for Mexican food.笑
Food is very good! The chips, salsas and bean dip were our favorite part! Not very many Mexican restaurants have bean dip with their chips and we were so excited that they did.

Food portions are very good, we saved the rest of our food, and chips and dips, for later and it tasted just as good. Horchata is sweeter than most places, but with enough ice it'll be balanced.

The minus one star is only because the staff was not doing very good. We had to flag down our waiter every time we needed something... Including to order, even though we had been waiting for over 20 minutes. We saw that this was happening with every table.笑
The lunch buffet is a great value. For ~$13 a person, you'll get unlimited tacos, chimichangas, enchiladas, tostadas, salads, and soft drinks. The horchata is recommended and is included in the lunch buffet. Try it! It's sweet with a touch of cinnamon. I prefer it to horchata from some Mexican eateries in Los Angeles, even. When you're seated at a table, you're given tortilla chips and 3 different salsas. The salsas given with the chips are great. One is refried beans; another is avocado-based; the other is tomato-based. My favorite is the avocado-based salsa since it has great flavor and a little spice kick. The chicken tacos at the buffet were awesome. The lady assisting customers at the buffet was so friendly. There were only corn tortillas for tacos, but you can order flour tortillas at your table. I also really enjoyed the rice. It was flavorful without being too salty. The chicken chimichanga is nothing to rave about but still pretty good. For dessert, my party of 4 had split a banana foster. It was a bit too runny for my taste. I'm used to a more syrup-like consistency. Overall, I liked this place and would recommend to others. When I return, I'd like to try a margarita since they're known for having made the largest margarita in the world!笑
Extremely expensive over the top prices, trying to be elegant.  $9.00 Margaritas are the worst ripoff during the day, weak and watered down slop. With no taste or flavor.  All ice ripp-off... But but but , delicious and strong after mid nite ( different bartender).. Happy hour prices good.....p.s. Frequented by allCaucasians during the day and Blacks  after mid nite.......笑
Their customer service is horrible, food horrible, the establishment it's self not clean has a weird smell to it their floor is like tiled some of it lifting up or crooked I've seen so many ppl trip and fall because their dirty lifter tiled floor笑
This place sucks...... no seafood..... service is not great and people are not too friendly.after asking the waiter if they offered any seafood at all he just replied with" you have the menu,read it,I will be back"笑
Stopped here for late night takeout after gambling earlier (I was the sober driver for some very drunk friends). The service was OK at best. We couldn't believe how long it took them to get the food together, even though we placed our order quite a bit ahead of time. Food was OK. We only went there because Taco Bell was much further away.
might have been a total different experience if we ate in the restaurant, but oh well!笑
Right off the bat, we liked the decor and atmosphere. Not too loud, casual, and not overly decorated as many Mexican restaurants can be. Our waiter, Freddie, had a great personality and made jokes keeping it interesting. They give an extra small soda pitcher so you're never out. Kept checking on us, food was great. Boyfriend had the diablo steak which has a spicy sauce he raved about. Mom had the chile colorado and said meat was perfectly tender, sauce was fairly good but not the absolute best. I had the chicken burrito and I couldn't complain- simple and good. My margarita was good, didn't specify a size and was given a medium which was pretty big.. Only $10! We will definitely be back. :)笑
Ever since we first tried Ricardo's during one of our "Viva Las Vegas" weekends. I'm always looking for a good Mexican restaurant.  We found Ricardos & its great!  We love the food & drinks.. service has always been great as well. Can't wait for the next VLV weekend笑
Great food, great ambiance and the people are so friendly. Great choice from my uncle!!笑
Chips n bean dip and salsa was good... My tostada salad with shredded beef was good! My husbands enchiladas seemed to be heated in a microwave. So I'll say 3 stars but open 24/7 was awesome!笑
Awesome restaurant all around. The chips, salsa, and bean dip are great. Recommend carne asada, chicken ricardo's, and chicken picado. The margarita are awesome! Go here every time I am in town.笑
We went on a Friday night at 6pm and there was barely anyone there! Though there was barely anyone in the restaurant the service kind of sucked.... the food came out cold and not very good. I did enjoy the mariachi band that came over.笑
I'm from Tucson and have been looking for a great Mexican restaurant in Vegas. This is it it appears. The food was outstanding. I had the carne assada  and it was a little tough but not overly so because of the cut but it was very tasty. Chips were warm and andnot overly salty. Salsa was a bit weak but I like it hot. Great service. Very friendly. Decatur and West Flamingo Rd. Location.笑
I had my wedding reception here march 12 2011 and was completely satisfied. Susan is amazing! She helped me coordinate everything from the cake that was delivered from freeds bakery to the mariachi that played for us for hours. The staff was extremely attentive to all of our needs. I'm actually going back for our anniversary this year笑
Come here and drink with Chelsey. She's great and will keep the drinksdi cominng i'Ve been dr ur jking damnt i mean drinking and this is really good corn. HEY I ASKED FOR GUACAMOLE... darrn mcdonalds clow. Just took my banana. America #1 ARRIBA LOS CHURROS笑
The last two times we've been in Vegas we have eaten here. A little off the strip, but worth it for the food and service! The margaritas are great too!!笑
Not really my choice for lunch today, just went along with coworkers. 

First time trying this place. I've passed by the restaurant many times but never followed through with trying it. 

Overall, I'm not a fan of Mexican food. I'll take Chipotle any day and after today's meal I'm reminded why.

Not that it was bad. But definitely not worth the price. I got the shrimp and lobster enchilada and it came with beans, rice, and pico. Prior to our main meal we got chips with 3 dips (beans, green sauce salsa, and regular).

When I think lunch special, I think the meal should be below $10.00. I think my meal was the day's "special" but I did peruse the lunch special menu and most of the items were over $10.00. Mine came out to be $17.00 with tax and tip, ugh.

I like the setup and decor of the restaurant. It's also a cute touch that the female servers are in their outfits (sorry I don't know what their called). 

I just don't know if I want to pay this much for Mexican food.笑
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE!!!!!!!
We were at Ricardos on July12,2014 for a dinner after a wedding and I was truly impressed with both the food and the service. Our Waiter, Freddie was beyond EXCELLENT. This guy has a huge personality and was really engaged with our entire group. You really don't find servers like him in most places. 
The food was excellent. I had the fajitas and being from Texas I can say I was very impressed, they were delicious.

If you get to Vegas, this place is a short trip from the strip and 
WELL WORTH IT

EXCELLENT JOB笑
Being raised in San Diego and visiting the Mexican restaurants there, I would have to say that I was a little spoiled. The food here was good, the price Fair. And the staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.笑
My best friends and I had dinner here on my last evening in Las Vegas. I was thinking, hmmm, Mexican. Not my favorite cuisine but I was willing  and it's all we could think of last minute. None of us were in the mood for anything else. No sushi, no Mediterranean, no Korean, no Greek... so we settled on Mexican.

The servers name, and I'm not kidding, was Pancho Villa. He knew that was good for a laugh. Since my friend Joe speaks Spanish we got extra good treatment. Joe had a Margarita and Deb, a beer. There I sat with my water, casually mentioning to Joe that I prefer the frozen style Margarita. He rattled something off to the server and the next thing I knew, I had a frozen Margarita in front of me. Though I don't drink much anymore, I really appreciated that one and it was very well made.

The chips were really good. Not sure if they make them on the premises but they tasted like they sure could have. I love the chips and salsa thing, even though it tends to destroy your appetite and then you have to fight to get your dinner down.

Great atmosphere, service and the food was good. It was pretty typical Americanized Mexican fare but overall, it was pretty good. It didn't feel like a chain and I'm not even sure if it is. No matter, it was good and in the end, that's all that really matters.笑
I went to Ricardo's mid-week with a large group from work. We were not offered menus, but it may have been pre-arranged that we were all getting the buffet. Our party was seated in the buffet area with some literally having those lining up for the buffet rubbing up against them. 

The carne asada tacos at the buffet were outstanding. The remaining items were all middle-of-the-road, standard buffet grub you can get at any casino buffet.

The staff was very friendly and did a good job keeping up with drink refills and clearing empty plates. I have yelped before that I am not a big fan of mandatory gratuities, especially eighteen percent at a buffet. I still think it is ridiculous, but after our waitress Debra told us she had been with Ricardo's for thirty-four years, it was a little more tolerable. Hats off to Debra for her years of service. Ricardo's must be a great place to work, as all of the employees I encountered seemed to be happy and eager to please.

The buffet was $12.50 including a beverage and was average at best, except for the CA tacos. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Average food.笑
We had not been in years and forgot about it until this weekend we had our child with us and wanted a great place for kids and not a casino environment (smoke) so we went here...and I was not disappointed...it was great I had the Fajitas... and the appetizer lobster flautas....OMG GOOD !!! My husband had the carnitas...(thumbs up) And the Margarita was HUGE!!!! and VERY tasty....Had no idea it was open 24 hours...so we will be back if we are hungry on a adult trip next time (wink wink)笑
Hmm. This place was pretty lame. The food is not yummy, and I cant believe the prices! 6.95 for a kids meal!? NUTS! The food is blah and the staff is nice. 

I woulda rather went to Viva Michoacan.笑
The Halibut was the best we ever had.....moist, juicy with superb sauce.   Trump Towers recommend.......must have and very inexpensive笑
Last Friday night when my flight got in late around midnight I was ready for some hot grub, but not fast food.  So, after some quick research, yelp reminded me that Ricardo's is 24 hours.  It's been a long while since we've ate there because we're quite fond on Bonito Michoacan, but at midnight their doors were already long closed.   The first thing we noticed was that their prices are quite high when compared to similar restaurants in the area.  Being quite hungry, I ordered one of the steaks that was described like adabada style seasoning.  I was really disappointed; it tasted so bad I didn't finish it and I didn't desire a doggy bag to save it.  I just had them toss it out.  Bf ordered the Huevos Rancheros and said it was just OK.  I had remembered this place being much better in my recollections.笑
one of my favorites of all time. excellent food, great service, can't miss.笑
Atmosphere is great. Good food. Service could be better. 

A good friend was visiting from out of town, so we got together for dinner, with a few other friends. There was a large party- maybe Graduation or a wedding, we weren't sure- but it was buffet style. There was entertainment in two forms- (1) a singer who looked like he was from the wild west or was it mariachi-like? It was black- had adornments all throughout- what do you think? (2) a balloon twister animal shaper maker- ok, I don't know what the exact term is, sorry- but anyway, he made some pretty neat shapes for the kids. 

Salsa and chips were very good- we needed more. Refills on water took forever. Our food took a while too, come to think of it. I had the fish tacos, which was good, not great, but good. I don't know if the poor service was because of the large party, but it could've been better. The tables were all occupied, where we were seated. So, it was busy all around. The bill was pretty good for our group of five, so the prices were not bad.

I would be willing to try it again. Maybe it was an off night. The first time I ate here, was in college, and the restaurant was located either on Tropicana/Eastern corner or the Flamingo/Eastern corner. I did remember that the rice chicken dish that I had was really good.笑
The bartender was very unprofessional, had attitude when we asked how much alcohol is in the drink we ordered. After we got our drinks we did not like the way they tasted and asked to have it remade. He was very rude.笑
I saw lobster floutas on the menu and knew this was the place for me!
Unfortunately, my appetite didn't cooperate and I only had room for an entree. The seafood enchiladas were good, but lacked seasoning. There was plenty of fish and less shrimp, but both needed some flavor. I dumped the salsa from our chips 'n salsa on the enchiladas to add that flavor. I also asked for some hot salsa and got a fruit based hot salsa which was very good. The rice was not the traditional Mexican rice I'm used to, it was white rice and was probably better. 

I liked the ambiance of the bar/dining room where we ate. They have cool globe lights on the ceiling and the backdrop of the bar is very inviting. I had a prickly pear margarita which I think is hard to find around here and it was very good!笑
Brought my girlfriend here to celebrate her birthday. They staff was amazingly attentive and so much fun to talk to. The food was delicious, as usual, but I thoroughly loved how they brought my friend a delicious flan and candle on top. It feels like home being here.笑
The bartenders and waitresses are very attentive and the food is excellent with good sized portions.笑
This is actually a 2.5 star review. 

Wonderful service but the food is very "white" as far as Mexican food goes and a bit pricey as well. I prefer more authentic grub and items that look a bit more fresh. I did not like my Carnitas Verde Burrito at ALL but thankfully my husband agreed to trade and his Colorado Burrito was good. My favorite thing about my lunch was the bean dip that came with our chips!

We will NOT be returning to Ricardo's.笑
Very good the place is nice. Its not dirty but it could use a good washing.  Food was tasty gambling at the bar not so hot.  Bartender was friendly but a hooker and her pimp made us a little weirded out.笑
This is a review primarily for the bar and lounge - 

Ricardo's is one of my favorite spots for drinks and chips/salsa. Service is great, the bussers, runners, servers and bartenders are nice people. I believe it's a family run business and it feels that way.

Their margaritas are some of my favorites in Vegas. The bartenders have made some custom margs when requested that I and my guests have enjoyed.

Their green salsa is one of my favorite salsas of all time. I don't eat the bean dip, but it's usually good when I try it. The red is acceptable, but that green salsa is amazing.笑
My boyfriend and I were looking for a place that was open 24/7 when we looked online we found this great place! The service was quick and the food was delicious. Very friendly staff and great customer service. I will definitely be coming here again :)笑
This place was great! We had just gotten into town and wanted some good food in a no hustle and bustle environment! The staff was extremely friendly and the food was delicious. We both had the week say lunch buffet!笑
I came hear at the recommendation of my client at The Orleans hotel. This was a great choice! I loved the lunch buffet and the tortilla chips were the best that I've ever had, hands down! I will definitely come back on my frequent business trips to Vegas!笑
Average Mexican food here. Prices run  between $15 - 20  for most plates.  Don't bother with the Margaritas.  They are made in a freezer( machine and have very little tequila in them.  No hurry to go back.笑
This is Mexican food for white people. Not horrible, but rather bland and boring.

Carne Asada = over cooked and way too under spiced

Ground Taco Meat = way too much chipotle and not enough cumin

Chimichanga = tasty, but super greasy 

Fajita Chicken = not enough Adobo seasoning

Refried Beans = pretty darned good for retried beans 

Salads = both are surprisingly flavorful

Store bought flour and corn tortillas (lame)笑
My first date with my husband was at a Ricardo's location that no longer exists so I have a certain fondness for this restaurant.  A good feature is they are open late so swing shift employees can get a bite to eat after work.  However, I find the food to be middle of the road Mexican.  Not disgusting but certainly not great.笑
Authentic and fantastic, that's all I am going to say.  Well make sure you try the chicken taquitos.笑
Effen awesome! Even at 11:30pm but happy hour starts at 12:00am. Chips, entree笑
This location is quite a way from our home so we usually meet for date night right after work.  I know there are a lot of Mexican restaurants in town but this is one of the best to me.  We had family in last time there.  All of our food was great and the server was funny (I believe his name was Poncho), personable and helped us celebrate the occasion.笑
Horrible Customer Service from the Owners. 

And I'm sure it all rolls downhill from there! 

My advice? Run!!!笑
Other then the hostess trying to send me and my boyfriend to go eat at their noisy bar side , which she didn't even bother to Ask us where we wanted to sit. I had to ask her if there was a quieter area to eat at , hesitating the hostess said the dining area was 'packed' and will try to find a booth for us.. but when we where taken to the dining area it was not full and had nothing but older people in the booths . I felt discriminated and was already upset to be treated like we where only the 'type' to sit at the noisy bar side . But we where hungry lol. Took forever to get our meal and Food was mediocre at best, being Latin I know what good authentic Mexican food should taste like . Beans where from a can and the dishes where bland in flavor (we had the carne asada dish) won't go there again , I'm sure there's better quality Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.笑
Service was great. Food was moderate. The waiter checked back on us several times- great customer service.笑
Great drinks, friendly staff, creative food (I am talkin' Lobster Floutas for God's Sake These people are not fooling around here)what the devil else do you people want? Good prices you say? Well here you go, you have found your place!And lets talk happy Hour for a second shall we. I had more than a Touch Of The Creature and my bill was so low, I was sure either they had made a mistake, or my vision was so blurry I was reading my tab wrong. I asked (hey I am an honest kind of Cat) they assured me it was correct. In short get out to this place and enjoy the great food, drink and staff! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!笑
Touristy. Service was OK, but their food is probably the worst Mexican food we've ever had in Vegas. Ingredients are not fresh. Any other hole-in-the-wall we've tried has turned out to be better than Ricardo's -- a lot of other places won't charge you an arm & a leg, too.笑
Food was not great, but they definitely put alcohol in those margaritas. Probably won't return for food, but possibly for happy hour drinks.笑
This was the first time coming to this place.  The staff was very friendly. The food was awesome. Greatest menudo I have had ever. I will be returning笑
Something that has always baffled me after 15 years as a Las Vegas local is that this is the worst town to find good Mexican food.  I'm from a small town in Southeast Texas and even the franchise Mexican food in that area is amazing.  Still, I had made a plan with my father and sister to check out Bonito Michoacán, but when we got there, they had NO parking, in the front or back of the building.  So, we drove down Flamingo and found this restaurant and decided to give it a try instead.

Their food is pretty good.  Not amazing, but not horrible.  The jalapeno popper appetizer was my favorite item and it's served with a very sweet sauce that complimented it very well.  My chicken quesadilla was good, but my sister and dad both ordered the cheese enchilada meal and while they didn't hate it, they weren't impressed.  At one point, the manager came by our table to check on us and when we mentioned how we'd come by Ricardo's, she screwed up her face and told us that we didn't want to eat at Bonito Michoacán.  We asked her why and she couldn't give us a straight answer, just kept shaking her head and scrunching up her nose...that kinda irritated me.

My main complaint came when we received the check and I handed over my debit card to pay.  The waitress walked away and came back with a handheld device to swipe my card.  She then handed it to me to choose my tip of 10%, 15% or other and stood at our table while I chose.  I'm sorry, but I like to take my time on calculating a tip and I definitely didn't appreciate having to rush through it while she watched me.  Especially since the service might not have been horrible, but it also wasn't that great.  I'm still unsure if I'll ever go back or just keep trying to find a stellar Mexican food restaurant in town.笑
I got the chimichanga burrito to go and it was overall good other than a few pieces of chicken that were overly cooked and unfortunately when I was almost done I found some sort blue food wrapping small piece in my chicken just a tiny piece but still it shouldn't have been there, I put a picture up of it next to green chive so you could see the difference in color and that it is actually a blue piece of something. Before I end I'd just like to add I would never write something that wasn't true if the food was great with no issues I would totally write a review that was overall great I've got other food from here that was good with no issues such as the nachos but was very disappointed this time with the chimichanga, I'll probably try again and hope this was just a one time mistake because they are overall a great restaurant with good service.笑
I found this place decades ago. I was tired of eating at the hotels and had to venture out to search for a good place to call my own.

Found this place by driving by and took a chance.Great place to eat If you want some good Mexican food.

Place was quiet and clean.

I had to bring my riend to try it out.Our server was efficient and served us right away. 

Prices are moderate. For 2 people  with an alcohol beverage $45.00.

I had 2 beef soft tacos and it came with rice and beans, also a strawberry margarita that was good! bartender wasnt selfish on the tequila:-) I forgot what my friend had, but he loved it! 

We are happy customers!笑
This feels like a breakup, because after a ton of trips here with good meals, we will never come back. The other night 3 of us came late and had at the time really good meals. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with GRILLED chicken, and my other party members had Chicken Nachos and Chicken Tacos, both with SHREDDED chicken. My dinner was good, maybe one of the bests it's ever been, however both of my other guests the next day had HORRIBLE food poisoning. One of my guests got so sick that he had to even go to a local UMC hospital.

The only answer we can assume is that it was the type of chicken they had, as I had different style of chicken and have had no ill effects. It's a shame they had to get so sick, because now after hundreds of visits and thousands of dollars spent, this place is now on top of our blacklist, and we won't return. In the end, if you visit, stick with grilled chicken if you want chicken, because never again will shredded be looked at the same by us.笑
The food was pretty good but the service was not. I didn't catch our waiters name but he seemed like he was very bothered. Some of the other employees seemed the same way as well. Don't think I'll be going back. There are other Mexican restaurants that have great food with better customer service.笑
Ricardo's is a good spot open 24 hours, so if you get a need for fajitas at 3am I do recommend them! The staff has always been very friendly and helpful. The food is good, and so are the drinks. They have plenty of space so large groups are not a problem.笑
After saying hello to the owner, Mr Ansara, we were seated immediately. The servers were so nice & eager to refill drinks & chips. The food was as wonderful as I have always remembered. I pray this location never closes!!!笑
As a fan of Mexican food, even I'm a bit surprised I've never eaten at a Ricardo's restaurant before. 

The best thing about Ricardo's are the chips and salsa. These chips are fresh and you get three different kinds of dip. The bean dip is my personal favorite but all three were very good. 

The rest of the food is not as good as the chips unfortunately. I ordered the Carna Asada plate. I expected thinly slices carna asada, marinated in lime juices. I got a top sirloin steak that was dry. I shouldn't have to saw into my steak like a lumberjack taking down a redwood. The plate did come with a cheese enchilada, rice, and beans, which were actually good. It's possible that Ricardo's knows their meat was going to be disappointing so they throw in other food in there.

If you were thinking about the lobster flautas, you should keep looking as well. That one is disappointing as well (bland and dry), and that meal doesn't come with enchiladas or rice. Non-meat items are probably the way to go.

As for drinks, we got a small margarita. It wasn't terribly bad. Not a huge fan of margaritas in general. I tend to prefer margaritas that have some sweetness to it but the alcohol should still be tasted. This margarita was all sweetness.

It's not the worst Mexican restaurant. If you want some late night Mexican food and you rather not deal with the shadiness of Roberto's at night, this is an acceptable substitution.笑
Jeronimo was a great server. As this was our first time there, it was as nice to have a server who, even while busy, was willing to answer our questions. The baja chicken finger appetizer(with the sauce-similar to buffalo sauce-on the side since I am a wimp when it comes to spice) includes the best chicken fingers ever along with really good, thick ranch. The halibut saute was perfectly seasoned and didn't require any additions other that the lemon included on the plate. The house entrees include refried beans-with cheese-, rice and their a version of street corn(in this case, it was sort of like creamed corn). The portion of flan is rather small but the brownie(more of a cake-like texture) with ice cream is a substantial portion(and it doesn't include nuts).笑
Just went to the bar for a drink. Juan, the bartender apparently doesn't know he can get tips for even adequate service. Instead, patrons seem to be an annoyance to him. I thought it might just be me, until I heard the same from others at the bar. He was aloof, unattentive and surprisingly disrespectful if you actually cashed out from any of the poker machines with a profit. Maybe they have him on profit-sharing. Well 100% of nothing is nothing. That's what you'll get from me in the future! Adios, Ricardo!笑
They have a great little buffet that changes every day. Sat have fajitas and they are super yummy. 

But I highly recommend asking to to sit with Debbie, she has been here forever. And even after on the away she remembers your order. 
And the chips and dips are great.笑
Would give less then a star if I knew how. my girlfriend had a meeting in the area so we decided to grab a quick dinner. chips and Salas were decent.  my girlfriends Margarita tasted like mountain dew and salt.  she got a cold Mexican pizza  and I got the chicken taco combination plate. My girlfriend didn't eat lunch, so she forced down a quarter of her frost bit meal. I took one bite of my taco, attempted to eat my rice and cheese soaked beans, but they tasted dirty.  I quickly ask for my check and 15 minutes later got to pay and leave.  Terrible Mexican food, terrible service, bar area or customers in bar area which I was force to sit in, although I stated I did not want to repeatedly, wreaked of smoke. Will never consider going back, would rather get a rat burrito from the taco bell across the street.笑
Horrible customer service but good food. Had to seat myself then wait 30 min for a waitress to come and take my order, and the worst part about it, the restaurant was no where close to being busy.笑
My friend suggested this place for dinner last. When I walked in, I thought it looked nice, clean, spacious & empty. I noticed they had a huge lunch buffet table when we were getting seated. 

Service was on point. Great staff. The chips were good, but I've had better salsa. The food was bland. I noticed that among our party of 6, none of us finsished our entire meal. The only reason I ate half of mine was because I didn't eat since 9am so I was famished. The food was no bueno. No wonder the restaurant was so empty. 

I thought for same price, I would rather go to Lindo Michoacan. At least they give you that really good soup w/ your meal. Sorry, maybe I'm just spoiled by the many options of other restaurants. When they were asking if we wanted to go boxes, I was thinking to myself. Hell no!  I thought their portable credit card machine was cool. It even has a button for you to have the choice of leaving a 15% or 18% tip.笑
I have been to Ricardo's quite a few times.  Although not in the best part of town, the restaurant inside makes you forget the surroundings.

I have been there for Happy Hour and dinner.  Happy Hour is great!  You can have the drinks and any of the appetizers for HALF PRICE!  You can really eat a lot for very little.  Most of the appetizers are a lot of food.  One appetizer can be a meal.  

There are flat screen TV's with closed caption at every booth.  Really cool.  It is a great place to hang alone or with friends.    

You definitely have to try it! 

P.S. The dinners are great and priced just right.  Service is good too.笑
Best Mexican food in Las Vegas.  There is a reason this place has been around for 30+ years.  Open 24 hours.  Lunch buffet is a great deal.  Love the chips and dips that come with every meal.  I recently tried the lobster taco special and it was excellent.笑
Went based on a nbrs high rave review.  
Worst.food.ever.  
Everyone had leftovers, no one thought it was good enough to take back home.
I generally don't take leftovers home anyways because no one really eats it...but my husband ALWAYS wants to take left overs home...even if no one eats it later.  
He had to leave in the middle of our meal and DID NOT ask to take the leftovers home.  
WOW.

Best part:  the free chips and trio dipping selection (beans, salsa, and green dip)
They brought this out first, we thought wow!  We're in for a treat!  if this is THIS GOOD, that neighbor must have been right when he said we're in for a treat at this place.  
we were so wrong.  It goes to show everyone had different taste buds, and his and ours are incompatible.笑
HORRIBLE service and HORRIBLE FOOD.... We only ordered 3 drinks and chicken nachos... Nachos was so nasty!!! Anyway.... It was 3am no one greeted us nicely just said just sit anywhere w/o eye contact or directed us were to sit anyway we waited long just to be helped and were the one who got out menus everything took forever to get to our table... We suppose to order more but how the service is we didn't... To make the story short the reason why I gave 1 star Is when I paid the bill I didn't put any tip yes I didn't because of how they treated us and how the service was... They bother asking the other table how their doing but didn't bother asking us if we want anything else or hot sauce for our nachos we have to ask for it for several times before it came... The person who got our check said to me "WE WILL SURVIVE WITHOUT YOUR TIP" so unprofessional I'm a good tipper but the way you guys treated would NEVER make me go back... Plus tip must be base on how you take good care of your customer!!!!!!!笑
Ricardo's is just up the street from my work, and since my boss loves Mexican food it's another spot we end up going to a lot for our Friday office lunches. 

I always get the $9.99 lunch buffet. When there is a buffet that offers a full taco bar (chicken, carne asada and ground beef), enchiladas, tamales, rice, beans and more... why limit yourself by choosing off the menu?? 

We usually sit in the bar area, the service there is always on point. And the booths in the bar areas have their own televisions, great for my sport-obsessed coworkers.笑
Went to celebrate a birthday, we were a party of 10...the waiter was slow and had no clue as to what he was doing. He didn't ask for our drink order, until we requested beverages, he was always MIA, VERY, VERY ANNOYING!!!! I felt like we had to track him down for everything. OH!! and the food is far from Mexican, it gives REAL Mexican food a BAD name!! Everything tasted reheated and old! Will never go again much less recommend this place to anyone! HORRIBLE!!!笑
We used to be regulars but the quality has gone downhill. The staff has always been friendly,the food is just not what it used to be.  Juans flaming fajitas is so much better.笑
I've visited Ricardo's so many times and it's always been very good. However, today the experience was less than what I expected and unfortunately I brought a guest who was visibly not impressed. Food was mediocre with very dry chicken in both entrees and salsa was bland. Iced tea was weak. Service has always been very good and this trip was no exception which is why I give this site 2 stars instead of 1.  I'll give it another chance but not right away.笑
The food was great they're open 24/7 you even could order online. I had order chile relleno plate comes with beans and rice, another plate was fajitas and carne asada plate and enchiladas swissas means swiss cheese it was delicious. Also before you eat they give two type of sauce hot and mild and aside bean dip very good and their aguas frescas Jamaica y horchata very good笑
This makes me really sad because the food was actually pretty decent but the service was horrendous. I got cursed out by my waiter/bartender! 
First we walked in and weren't offered a seat or menus, we eventually figured out that we had to do that ourselves. At the end He was taking so long to pick up my card to pay, so I walked over to the bar myself to save him a trip back and forth and me some time as well. He took forever even noticing that I was standing at the bar waiting for him to run my card. When he finally took my card he asked me if it was mine...?! He then ran it in front of me and asked for my pin which then prompted me to give a tip amount... Now this is when it got uncomfortable. I asked that he not run it as debit and instead run it as credit to print out the receipt so that I may take it back to my table to figure out the tip in private and not while he stood there rudely staring at me. He then got upset when he canceled the transaction and tried to do it again but the machine died which pissed him off further... While being flustered he completely forgot to run it as credit again and made the same mistake AGAIN and when I tried to point it out to him he began screaming and telling me to put the tip amount and that it was supposed to be a simple thing. Pretty much embarrassing me at the bar and telling me to just put 0 for his tip... I explained that I wasn't trying to not tip him and that I just felt uncomfortable doing it that way. 

I myself was a server and know that I would never put down the bill in front of someone and ask that they put the tip amount down while I starred them down. He would have gotten a tip had he not yelled and embarrassed me for HIS NEGLIGENCE.笑
First time here. I came here with my parents who have been here many times. I gotta say it was great. The food was good. The service was good. I had the 2 fish taco meal. I would definitely come here again.笑
Ricardo's did not disappoint! The chips & salsa were amazing....the servers were extremely helpful & attentive. But more importantly, the food was excellent! I would highly recommend this restaurant if you want great food away from the craziness of being on the strip!笑
Great Mexican! Taste like straight from Mexico . Also great discounts for the employees who work for the MGM PROPERTIES! Waters my mouth just by thinking about it笑
I have to say the best manager/customer service. *Anna the manager is the best and she truly cares about her customers. She goes above and beyond to make your meal happy and complete! Thanks again for accommodating me and my family :)笑
No happy hour for cinco de mayo!!! And they don't tell you ahead of time. Never coming here again. Complained to management and his response was that there was happy hour every other week of the year just not this day. He was condescending when I told him I'm never coming back and that the sign outside that said happy hour was false advertising.笑
Very very dissapointed
I bookmarked this location & have been asking my husband to bring me here for the longest time & he finally did last night. Atmosphere was nice & quiet the service was ehhh ok 
I was very very dissapointed with the food & my husband felt sick after he ate. 
When our food was brought out the plates were hot but my food wasn't as hot, that I don't like. I ordered a beef enchilada & chili relleno & was so dissapointed (I've tasted better) it was very disappointing my chili relleno was very bland no taste at all $13.00-14.00 for a 2 item combo is RIDICULOUS!! Especially because the portions are very small for the expensive price paid.
My husband ordered a chili Colorado burritos & had to pay $1.00 extra for all meat because he didn't want all the beans which he ended up getting anyway his plate was about $15.00-16.00 which is RIDICULOUS!! 
$40.00 for 2 people & I didn't even order a drink is sad. We were better off going to a little taco shop or Roberto's up the street. Very dissapointed we won't be going back笑
Wish I could give negative stars...

Went out with a group of 4 people. 
The server came over after 10 min of us sitting there to tell us he is busy and he may take a while to come back for drink orders. 

Finally he comes by again clearly hassled. 

And angrily takes our order for drinks. We also order our food since we had sat there for so long. 

Our food came out completely uncooked. The steak had frost on it. Nobody came by to ask how the food was so we walked the steak back to the kitchen. The guy yelled at my friend for coming back to the kitchen. 

The waiter stepped on both me and my friends feet. And did not apologize and not to mention he was sweating into the food he was serving us. 
When we complained he ignored the complaint and just rang us up. 

Overall the worst service ever!!! 
Will never come back.笑
This is one of my favorite late night spots after getting off work! Around 2:00 am I come strolling in ready to drink happy hour margaritas (they're better than regular margaritas) and chat with my favorite bartender Miguel ! I have never had a regular bar I go to but Miguel is hands down one of the best bartenders in Las Vegas! Ricardos wouldn't be the same without him. He makes the best micheladas,margaritas or anything for that matter . The food here is a solid 9/10 the chicken fingers and Mexican pizza is among the best items. Happy hour chicken taquitos for 5 bucks always gets me! As you have read the complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip is a 10! Been here for lunch one time but wasn't the same as the dining experience you will get after midnight during the week with Miguel!笑
Visited:  Monday for lunch with work colleagues. We came specifically for the $12.95 lunch buffet. 

Service: 5.0/5.0 Great service from beginning to end.  We had a party of 10 and the hostess sat us immediately. Our server brought chips and 3 different types of salsa immediately uppn seating.  Our drinks came out quickly, and everyone was provided with their own craft filled with their beverages so you didn't have to worry about refills.  (see pic)  Plates were cleared quickly and the check was brought immediately when requested as we had to return to work.

Food: 3.0/5.0 The lunch buffet had a friendly attendant who would put together your tacos for you.  Choices were chicken, Beef and Carne Asada.  I had the Carne Asada tacos with tortillas, cheese enchiladas and rice and beans.  Although not bad, it seemed like the ingredients came from a can or items you can purchase from the grocery store. The lettuce, Guacamole, cheese, and sour cream I added to the tacos were fresh.

Value: 4.0/5.0  $12.95 for and AYCE Mexican food buffet, bottomless soft drinks and chips and salsa is great value.  For the value alone, I'll be back for another visit.  If the food at the buffet was higher quality, this is 5 stars easily.

Ambiance: 3.0/5.0 Tables and seating was comfortable with the typical decor of a Mexican restaurant for casual dining.  Nothing special but no complaints either.

Summary: 3.5/5.0 The service and the value for the lunch buffet was great.  I can't reiterate enough great the staff was.  However, the quality of the ingredients used in the lunch buffet leaves more to be desired.  I'll swing by for dinner or lunch and order off the menu to see if the quality of ingredients utilized for the dishes is better.笑
Time to update my review since it had almost been two years since I last visited. 

Walked in on a Saturday night and it was very quiet and empty, we were greeted by a friendly hostess and we were seated promptly. There were only 4 other tables occupied. I had been craving a shrimp salad from Lindo's for the past few weeks so I was a bit upset at my husband for not wanting to take me, we were going to catch a movie at the Palms so we needed to eat at a restaurant in close proximity, boo! From what we remembered, the food and service here was good so we drove right over.

We were seated promptly but we waited a few minutes for our server to appear. My husband and I both ordered waters with lemon and a waiter brought out chips along with bean dip, red salsa, and an avocado salsa. The avocado salsa was the best, they only times I've ever seen it made are at catered parties so that was quite a treat, loved it! 

For my entree I ordered a chicken caesar salad ($10.99), they don't have a shrimp salad which was a let down for me. I asked our server if I could substitute the chicken for shrimp, he said he'd ask the chef and that he'd be right back. I knew that if he agreed I would pay a few more dollars which was fine with me. When the server came back out he said that I would have to be charged $20 for the salad if I wanted it with shrimp, I was expecting to be charged a few more dollars but not almost double, so I stuck with the chicken. My husband ordered a steak chimichanga for his entree. We didn't have to wait long for our food to come out, maybe 15 minutes tops. My salad was topped with cotija cheese which gave it a different flavor, not bad, just different. The chicken was a bit on the dry side but seasoned well, it was your average salad, decent. My husband did not like his entree very much, he said the steak was too fatty which is something he detests. Overall, we were not very pleased with our meals. It was subpar. 

Now on to the service. The server didn't even check on us once when he dropped off the food, he only came back to ask if we wanted dessert or the bill. I wanted a flan so I ordered, he came back out with the flan and bill. The flan was bland to me and it had a different texture than what I'm used to, it was not very sweet and if it had caramel, I couldn't taste it, the best part of it was the whipped cream and cherry on top. Overall we spent $28 on our meal which isn't bad but the food isn't that good anymore, I might be back, I might not, for now, I have much better options for mexican food elsewhere.笑
The food is just ok but the reason I wont be coming back is that the service is horrible. This was my 2nd time here and thought I would give it another chance.  Big mistake...it didn't take long to get the meals, but trying to get a drink, or our check or our change was. From the time we finished our meal it took us about a half hour to get our check, pay and leave.笑
I had just eaten at Javier's in the Aria the evening before - I know Mexican food two nights in a row is not my usual strategy... Any way I took the opportunity to really compare the two ordering almost the exact same meal at both locations.

The food here at Ricardo's was good solid food - nothing special that made me think "Wow, this is the best Mexican food I have ever had!" It did however help me better understand that there can be differences in Mexican restaurant food - it was not really in the same league Javier's was as far as the food - Javier's really is a high end Mexican restaurant which I never would have guessed existed (the high end restaurant part...)

Ricardo's was fine, the service was excellent and the atmosphere what you would expect.  I would visit again as overall the experience was good and the cost reasonable.笑
Locally owned an operated and I love that about it!  The owner is there all the time to greet you and take care of you.  The food is really good.  BEWARE: Chips are yummy and addictive!!笑
Food was good, service was excellent...Server followed up with us just enough times....First time here, ordered the green Chilaquiles, they were good...笑
FANTASTIC!

I don't know which was better the food or the service!

The chips were homemade, and delicious.  They give you two different kinds of salsa and some beans for dipping.

I had one of the more non-traditional dishes which was the Ricardo's Pollo dish - it was recommended by our server and my stomach thanks you!笑
Place is way over priced. Asked for a side enchilada and side rice but within a few seconds didn't want the rice asked we could just get the side enchilada and he said no that he had already put order in and we had no choice but to eat the rice. Food wasn't that great for the high price. Will never come here again. We were charged 10.95 for one side enchilada and a side of rice how freaking ridiculous is that??!!笑
My husband was craving Menudo like his Momused to make. Couldn't find it anywhere in town 7 days a week. He was so happy and the food was delicious!  The amount of food they give you is enough for 2 meals. The waitress was very attentive as well. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting authentic Mexican food.笑
Ate here a a few hours ago with a friend of mine for the first time and my first impression is i like the decor in the inside it reminds me of this restaurant in California called el tio pepe or however the restaurant is said next the service is good are waiter kept checking on us to see if we wanted refills or anything else on the menu very nice guy. Finally the food itself was okay the chips and salsa were good and the nachos as the appetizers were good but I was really disappointed in the enchiladas I thought they would taste better then what I thought they were terrible the meat had a weird taste to it and the sauce tasted like bland nasty gravy overall did not enjoy the main course overall outside of that everything else is good and I can see myself returning again one day.笑
I'm a semi-frequent visitor to Vegas.  Mexican food is my favorite, so I went online to check out reviews and decided to try Ricardo's.  There was a crowd out front, so I almost didn't go in, since I was traveling for business and was dining by myself.  I thought the host of people outisde indicated a queue inside for a table, but it turns out that the 'queue'  was just smokers.  Having to walk through a cloud of smoke was a bit of a turn-off, but tt is what it is and I went inside.  I was seated immediately.  They have an extensive menu.  I was waited on immediately for my beverage order.  I order a marquarita and ice water.  Margarita was very good.  They offer a small, medium and large.  Other reviews commented that their chips, beans and salsa were good.  Their chips come with a guac dip, tomato salsa and beans.  The guac dip and beans were great, but the tomato salsa was very bland; there was no flavor.  The chicken enchilada was very good in flavor.  The chicken could have been cut up a bit more; it was in big chunks.  The carnitas taco was very good.  The rice was full of vegetables - corn, which is typical for Mexican food, but it also had peas, carrots, green beans and lima beans.  I've never had Mexican rice with these vegetables in themn before and did not care for it at all.  The service was good up to the point of getting my check.  It seemed to take forever and I ended up having to ask for it.  I put a credit card in the check holder and after waiting a lengthy time, was presented with a handheld credit card machine where I had to run my own card and punch in my own tip amount and print out my own receipts.  I've utlized self-service tablets at restaurants before, but this felt like I was doing the waiter's job as this was not a true self-service tablet.  The decor and ambience of the restaurant was good.笑
I LOOOOOVE this place, always come here when I'm in Vegas, LOVE that its open 24 hours so we can come here after a night of partying, or just to have more drinks.... after a night of partying. They have good Margaritas (Small, Medium, and Large) good prices, and the dip trio and fresh chips are tasty. Service is always friendly, and that's a plus. I haven't tried the food yet, however my friend had their Huevos Rancheros and it looked amazing! The only reason I give them a 4 out of 5 instead of a 5 is because I had my mouth set on trying their Lobster Flautas and they ran out of lobster when I was there, and I live in California, so I'm not there often. I'm going back for my birthday next week, so hopefully they have an abundant and fresh supply of lobster... Salud!!!笑
A very good place to eat Mexican food. The staff is very friendly and the place is well decorated. I love their fish tacos!!!  I eat there about 1-2 times a month with my friend over the last 3 years. I have not had a bad experience.  I strongly recommend.笑
I completely forgot how great the food and the service is here. I remember eating here years ago and don't know why we ever stopped eating here, but now that we have found it again, this will be my goto Mexican restaurant again.笑
Chips and salsa are good , food very tasty .. Service not so well , server didn't check on us at all .. No refills on our drinks .. If I was a bad person I would walk out without paying , had to wait for my check to be drop at my table !笑
The food was delicious and the service was great; The staff was very attentive and friendly. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar and my husband ordered the Carne Diabla and both were very good. We will definitely be returning.笑
Good solid Mexican fare.   The place was hopping and they seated us in the small bar dining room.  Our server was hustling to take care of all the tables in the room and she did a fantastic job 

The food was tasty and delivered at the proper temperature.   The prices are fair for the size of the dishes and the quality.   I would not hesitate to come here again as we really enjoyed it.笑
Excelente Servicio ( Sr. Raul) su experiencia la demuestra dando un ejemplar servicio al cliente. Todo el personal muy amable. Mánager muy atento. Y porque no mencionar la comida deliciosa!!!! Gracias por hacer mi cumpleaños especial!!!笑
We were looking for a Midnight snack, and this place was the only place open. The plates were delicious, but pricey. I'm not sure I would pay $30+ for two take out plates of Mexican food again ://笑
Fabulous!!!! The food was GREAT. They have the best tamal Ive ever eatten. I ordered Steak Picado. It was great. Portions are huge. Margarita was big, strong and tasty.笑
I liked the staff. Very friendly waiters. I also liked that it's open 24 hrs a day. My friend and I went in because it was 1am and it was open so we figured, why not? 

The chips and salsa were good. Very tasty salsa. The actual entrees... that's another story. I ordered the chile relleno meal. It came with rice and beans. It is really DISGUSTING. The batter on the chile is super thick and greasy. I seriously couldn't get past two bites. I felt like throwing up immediately. The rice tasted old. Like it was starting to get a metallic flavor from sitting in the pan too long... that's the best I could describe it. 

I was going to give it just one star, but my friend said her chicken flautas were ok. I definitely  wouldn't go back though.笑
my last meal in las vegas
I Whent for the brunch at 2 pm
 sm seleccion in the brunch $12 
soft tacos,crispi tacos,tamales,salad bar  margaritas are the best I drink 1 regular frozen o man i get tipsy  rigth away 
the only thing the lady was serving the tacos she was on lunch time next to the buffet so first and second time I have to wait  she's  done w/her meal so she can make my tacos笑
I recently revisited Ricardo's last week (I hadn't been since 10 years prior). Service and service were good and efficient. Its open 24 hours and for us coming in so late all of the staff were in a pretty good mood. Margaritas were yummy! They also provided complimentary chips, salsa, and bean dip! 
Growing up in a hispanic household it is sometimes difficult to find good authentic mexican restaurants, Ricardos did it for me.笑
I would love to give Ricardos 5 stars cuz it has always been a favorite for a long time... but the salads were sooooo disappointing. My boyfriend got his salad first and it was so watery, he tipped the plate to the side and atleast a fourth cup of water came off the plate. ewww, he was grossed out, so then I got my cesar salad and it was also old lettuce, and very watery/ soggy. The leaves were so wet that it watered down the dressing and also LOADED with water at the bottom. I am not sure maybe they didn't spin their lettuce.... The main food was good I have to say and usually always is.... tasty.He got the Chimichanga and My kids got cheeseburgers and chicken strips... they liked them. The fries are really good by the way... The chips and salsa and bean dip is the best. So Ricardo, if u are reading this Step it up on ur salads... they're swimmin.......笑
Shredded beef enchilada is good the ground beef taco and carne Asada fries are not worth it rather have bad case of gas from Taco Bell then eat that ever!!!! Service for take out was decent but was bar tender.笑
My wife and I were pleasantly surprised at Ricardo's a few days ago for its half-off "Happy Hour" and discounted "Early Dinners".
- We had Large Margaritas on the rocks with salt (~$6.50@ happy hour);Quesadillas and Pollo de Ricardo's off their "Early Dinner Menu". Our Margaritas were wonderful in taste and GIGANTIC in size; dinner dishes were absolutely delicious and sufficient in quantity. We also loved its warm and crispy tortilla chips, as well as the two different salsas and bean paste! The HOT version of salsa could have been a touch spicier, though.

- The hostess and waiting staff (waitress and the one who brought out chips and water) were friendly and efficient. Our waitress was also quite helpful in offering her recommendations and explanations of house specialties.

- The restaurant is huge and its Mexican decor tasteful and inviting. Some quarters can be very nice for private groups. Yes, it has a nice, intimate bar area, but one can have HH anywhere in the dining room, too, besides its bar. We will definitely go back to Ricardo's again!

Peterskis, Mar 2012
----笑
The good:  This is a nice space, with traditional Mexican restaurant decor (of the American-touristy variety), high ceilings, and a huge frosted glass skylight.  The service (at lunch on a Friday) was quick, friendly, and attentive.  The margaritas were well-made and reasonably priced.  The chips were fresh and hot, and came with three kinds of salsa - all good.

The bad:  Most of the food was over-spiced, dry, or both.  I'll give them a pass on my food, because I had the lunch buffet.  The buffet was pretty much indistinguishable from the Mexican station at any hotel buffet.  But my wife's combination meal off the menu was pretty much the same.  She also ordered some cheese-only nachos, which had obviously spent too much time under the broiler and tasted burnt. 

We will give Ricardo's another chance, but for now I can't say that this is the "treasure" of a Mexican restaurant that we always hope to find when we try a new one.笑
I don't even like buffets, but I can't really see how anyone could complain about a $9.99 taco bar on steroids! Throw in some fresh pico and guac and you've got a deal that puts that Speedy Gonzalez plate to shame!

We were staying on the strip and in need of a quick lunch. I remembered Jessie B's buffet find of the week, and I had my husband sold at buff... 

The restaurant is big and clean. We were seated promptly, and from there, it was all corn tortillas and smiles. First, I was actually impressed that they still bring out a basket of chips, two salsas and bean dip when you are going for the buffet. I half expected them to withhold these treats from the gluttonous buffet eaters! 

The buffet offers cheese enchiladas ready to snap up, or they will roll you up beef or chicken with either a red or green sauce on top. For the tacos, they have small, corn tortillas that they double up and fill with carne asada, chicken or ground beef, plus cilantro and onions. You can also get a crispy taco shell. Then there is a little fixins bar with pico, guac, lettuce, cheese, jalapenos, and so on. My only complaint is that perhaps the food could have been a tad warmer, but everything tasted great, especially for a $9.99 buffet! I was actually very impressed with the guacamole. You can tell from the partially smashed avocados that it is made fresh. I actually went back just for a plate of it and some pico. I am a lady who loves her vegetables. 

Equally impressive was the service. You generally don't expect much service at a buffet, but our water glasses were never less than half empty! That alone is better than most of the magic tricks in Vegas, and they have a table side credit card machine, which is an unexpected, but appreciated convenience. 

This was our first trip, but I am sure it won't be our last! Quick, good value and tasty is a winning trifecta we are unable to resist!笑
We asked our Lyft driver, Rohit for a decent Mexican food place and he brought us here. Great, authentic food and the bartender Ever and wait staff Luis are very attentive and helpful.笑
Excellent food and the best service one can ask for. Local favorite that's been established in Vegas for quite a while. Try the Burrito De Carne Asada.笑
The only reason I am giving this 1 star is because the waitress/bartender was super nice.

This place is disgusting. We came to eat in the morning around 10am, and were seated in the dining area by the bar.  There is this streamer decoration hanging over the seating area. It was caked with dust which was falling into our food, drinks and you could see the dust in the air.

The food was really gross and soggy. It wasnt flavorful at all. The tables were caked with dirt. Somebody had actually scratched the caked dirt on the table and wrote 'dirty'. How can you not notice that when cleaning? The plates were chipped and had some dry food caked to it. I am very thankful that I didnt get food poisoning at this place. We will NOT be back.笑
I love the BBQ pork sandwich. The portions of mine and my company were big for the  price. The bean dip IS amazing. The service was prompt and on top of it from beginning to the end. The place is well-decorated and spacious. Lunch hour wasn't too busy or noisy. And there's a bar area which is a plus for a gamer like me ;)笑
The food was excellent including the bean dip. Great margaritas too. We were there for lunch and the service was quick and efficient. However we were not rushed笑
The food is tasty. It's nothing that's incredibly unique compared to other americanized mexican restaurants, but they serve a pretty scrumptious bean dip with the salsa and they have a billion flavors of margarita. The atmosphere is ok, Oh, and they're open late! Its a great place to keep in mind when you're super hungry, and its after most restaurants have closed. A good back pocket restaurant for sure!笑
Since moving cloeer to this area, I needed to find a new closer Place to get my burrito and Margarita fix without driving so far.

I am VERY dissapointed usually with the margaritas and most places, they are from the machines and are disgusting... 
BUT i asked for a Blended Fruity Margarita and got the MOST delicious smooth fruitiest Margarit ever! OMG delicious!

The food was amazing, we had the special. A Lobster Shrimp Enchilada. There was a lot of Shrimp in there, not so much Lobster. But anyways, it was like an orgasm on a plate. I swear!

The chips and salsa was nice as well, the hot and mild salsa is awesome and they give you a great bean dip. 
Since I LOVE beans but yet had to go to work... i didnt have to much of it. But the little amount I had, was SO good!!

The staff is SO friendly, and SO fast. Awesome for a close to the strip restaurant.
The prices are ... a little higher.. but yet we are closer to the strip.笑
Aammaazzing!!! So delicious, very flavorful!!! Had their buffet, chile verde, chile rojo enchiladas!!! MARGARITAS!!! Out of this world!! Definitely 5 stars!!! Will come back again!!! Yummy!!!笑
This restaurant WAS HORRIBLE....The guacamole was horrible, chips are crap....I wanted to give the food a try....The Fajitas came and AGAIN....HORRIBLE, No flavor nothing...Hubby had ground beef enchiladas; again NO FLAVOR....So sad...I expected more...I'm horribly dissatisfied!!!!!! :(笑
Had a great meal after tons of gambling around Henderson and the Strip, was fortunate to win a little as Dinner was almost free, the Bean Dip is all you need to know, makes all visits worthwhile , then you order a Chile Relleno, washed with a Great Coconut Margarita, Nuff Said,"Ricardo Que Rico"笑
We were planning a sushi trip after martial arts training but one person in our party didnt like sushi so we decided to have Mexican. I do not normally eat much mexican food and I had no heard of Ricardo's before as i've only been in Vegas a few years. 

The service was great, we had a really cool waiter who was on the ball the whole time. The chips were good and came with 3 dips (salsa, bean, green dip) to snack on before the meal.  I have not been eating alot of red meat in general lately but Carne Asada is a go to that usually is great no matter where you go.  I think it was probably my fault, I wanted just some carne asada tacos but instead got a whole carne asada steak huge meal that was hard to finish.  It wasnt bad but not what i was expecting so i was a bit disappointed.  Everyone else loved their dishes. It is a pretty high quality Mexican restaurant. I think it might be a bit expensive but I did not get to see the tab as it was picked up by another member of our group. 

I would go back but I would be more careful ordering next time to make sure I actually got what i wanted.笑
Ask around and was told this place was excellent.  I was disappointed to say the least. Staff never came back to fill our glasses. The food was okay, not great at all. The chicken chimi was small. The chicken was bland. The best thing was chips and salsa. Bean dip and what ever the white sauce was not. I guess if you are drunk it may be the place to be, since it is open 24 hours笑
The three dip platter they give you with the fresh tortilla chips as a free starter are incredible all on their own. We got Carne asada and carnitas burritos, and the meat was so tender that the pork fell apart when trying to share bites. Don't spend extra money on larger sized margaritas because the glasses are all the same volume regardless of shape, but definitely treat yourself to a small with a salted rim. 

Overall, very nice and attentive waitstaff, impressive food, and this restaurant honestly made my night after an awful day at work.笑
Service was okay. They were good until after we ordered then pretty much forgot about us. I ordered a large menudo and two Carne Asada Tacos. With my first sip of the soup I was smacked in the mouth with salt. I tried adding lots of lime but couldn't cut through the saltiness. I tried some of the meat and had to spit it out. I swear it was old. I moved on to the tacos. They were okay,  though the meat was very bland and the tortillas were stiff. Never coming here again笑
I have the only eaten at Ricardo's for weekday lunches. I have had their lunch buffet and have also ordered from the menu for lunch. If you are in a hurry, the lunch buffet is very quick and offers most Mexican restaurant staple items. 

As for ordering from the menu for lunch, be sure you have a little extra time as the service is more of a dining experience than a 1-hour lunch service. 

Ricardo's has been in Vegas for a really long time serving Mexican food and their margaritas are pretty good too. It feels like a family owned and run business, which is a good thing.笑
On more than a few occasions, I refrained from writing a review because I didn't want to hurt a struggling new restaurant, even though I didn't have a good meal there.  You get to know the owners a bit, see how hard they're working, and you just don't have the heart to write a bad Yelp review.  Luckily for all parties involved, Ricardo's has been around for decades, which means that my little Yelp review won't make the slightest dent in their future.  But hopefully it will make a few foodies out there think twice about going.

Want good Mexican?  Don't go to Ricardo's.  First came out a giant bowl of free chips & salsas - ranchero, tomato, and some green sauce.  Red salsa was OK, green salsa was yucky, ranchero (what's in it?) was the best of the three, but that's not saying much.  Also, I have a really low salt taste, and the chips were actually under-salted to me.  I got the guacamole appetizer, which was pretty good, I guess (I haven't had guacamole in a really great Mex restaurant).  I got the Chile Colorado, short ribs cooked in red chilies, onions & spices - OK, but too salty for my low-salt-taste palate.  Unfortunately, I was burping this dish back up all the next day (sorry if that was TMI).  For dessert, crazy bananas - hot bananas cooked in caramel syrup with vanilla ice cream and chocolate (although I nixed the chocolate).  Too sweet, not great, like something you would get from TGIFriday's Mexican menu.

I have to commend Ricardo's on their service, which was absolutely first-rate.  In fact, it was so good that I held off writing this downer of a review for a few days.  I got to Ricardo's after 1 a.m., and pleasant, friendly, attentive service during graveyard shift is about as hard to find in Las Vegas as an un-augmented dancer at the Rhino.  Ricardo's clearly believes in taking care of their customers, and gotta say, the portions were very large.  Huge portions plus a great staff have kept Ricardo's going through thick & thin (and there's been plenty of thin) for over three decades.  I wish them all the best.笑
Margaritas were good, but the chips tasted worse than pre bagged chips. Even asked for a fresh batch at it tasted like they took their pre bagged chips and microwaved them.笑
Great service always.  Excellent place to grub and for you night owls it's open till 6am every night.  Most people are happy with the burrito Colorado, but I prefer the seafood enchiladas.  But they have a large variety.  The prices are from $9 to $20 ish.  As usual this venue does not fit the yelp $$ scale. :)笑
Have been going to Ricardo's since I was a little girl and they were located in the Meadows Mall too.  Still love this place! The bottomless salsa trio and chips is just the starter, but is easy to fill up on and not be able to eat your meal. Had the shrimp and lobster enchiladas and they were FANTASTIC! Mostly lobster made them even better. As someone else posted, they have a barbeque pork sandwich, which my teen ordered, I was thinking, it can't be very good from a Mexican restaurant. I was horribly wrong! He said it was one of the best sandwiches he had ever had and it came with fries and a large side salad. The service can't be beat! Very attentive, never an empty glass on the table and they're extremely friendly and always smiling. Will continue to go back again and again.笑
Had 2grab last minute party tray. Went in & saw incredible marketing promotion. U sign up 4 free 2 their loyalty program, every time u eat there u get Cashback, + their card is accepted & 50k biz as well 4 Cashback. No stings, TY Ricardos 4 this great gift of free Cashback card笑
I was very impressed with the food and atmosphere. The chips and salsa are very appetizing while you find what to order. I felt the food that was served was of great quality and fresh. The service was top notch and our waiter had great hospitality. It kind of reminded me of bonito michoacan that happens to be across the street but better!笑
Service was GREAT! Hostess was extremely nice and very friendly. Restaurant wasn't busy so we got seated right away. The green cilantro salsa was delicious, definitely my fav. This is a descent family restaurant with good food and drinks. They have shrimp and lobster, but no oysters. Overall we had a good time and experience.笑
Best carne asada steak. Very tender and juicy.  Free fresh chips with 3 dips was a nice plus.笑
We have been in search of a great, local Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas for quite some time.  My husband has lived here for 20 years, but I've recently moved from California, which is where we would usually indulge.  After driving by this place for the last several years, we finally decided to give it a try, having friends with us from out of town who were craving some tacos and margaritas.  
The ambience is great, the service is really good, and the food was better than we expected.  My husband and I shared the chicken & shrimp fajitas, with were extremely generous.  Our kids and friends were happy with their entrees, as well.  The adults each had margaritas, which they offer in different sizes, and kids had Shirley Temples & Rob Roy's... very fancy!  
With their chips, they serve a few different types of salsa and warm pinto beans.  Their entrees are appropriately priced for the large portion you get.  We managed to save room for dessert, and ordered deep fried ice cream and flan.  SOOOO GOOD!  
On the evening we dined there, they had a magician roaming around to entertain the diners.  Initially, we were a bit put off, but he was so entertaining that we asked for his business card before he left.  
They are usually pretty busy around dinner time, so keep that in mind if you are hungry and don't want to wait.  So far, we haven't had any problem getting seated right away, but you never know.  It's not too far off the strip, so you can easily take a cab without having to pay for a drive clear across town.  
Overall, we have been very satisfied with our dining experiences here, and would recommend it to anyone wanting to try a good, local Mexican restaurant.笑
This family-owned and operated fine Mexican restaurant was first established in 1979, with more than one location, but now has only this one place, on the NW corner of Flamingo at Decatur.

The food is terrific, the service is superb, and the live entertainment (when they have it) reminds you of an old-style Mexican cantina.

I dine there as often as I can, and it's a 10-mile trip in one direction, but well worth it.

They have been voted the #1 Mexican restaurant (in the Las Vegas Review-Journal poll) for 22 years, since first making that prestigious list in 1983, 29 years ago.

On October 19, 2010, Ricardo's Mexican Restaurant and ROSANGEL™ Tequila broke the Guinness World Record for "World's Biggest Pink Margarita."  In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness month, ROSANGEL™, the world's premier hibiscus-infused tequila, gave the Margarita a pink hue.  A portion of the event's proceeds benefitted Susan G. Komen for the Cure® of Southern Nevada.

Ricardo's and ROSANGEL's new Guinness World Record for the "World's Largest Pink Margarita" was certified at 7,627 gallons, surpassing the previous record of 7,039 gallons.  To break this record Ricardo's used a 14 ft. tall 10 ft. wide tank, 4,600 liters of ROSANGEL Tequila (1,215 gallons), 5,000 gallons of spring water, 750 quarts of Kelly Y Gonzalez lime juice, 750 gallons of La Paz Sweet and Sour, 1,500 liters of triple sec (396 gallons), and 20 pounds of salt.  This record-breaking libation will make a total of 81,355 -12 oz. pink infused margaritas.

"There is nothing more rewarding than being able to involve one's profession with charity.  We are truly grateful to have the ability to give back and have people really enjoy themselves.  It's a mega-feat for a mega-cause," said Scott Schiller, brand manager for ROSANGEL™.

"We are beyond excited to break the Guinness World Record for the 'World's Largest Pink Margarita'," said Ricardo's owner, Bob Ansara. "After over a year of planning this event it is exhilarating to make history and complete this project.  We are so grateful to celebrate 30 years of business and could not think of a better way to celebrate with our community."

"Susan G. Komen Southern Nevada is so grateful for the generosity of Bob Ansara.  Eighteen months ago, he had this grand vision and never once lost sight of the tremendous charitable aspect of this event.  We are honored to have been chosen as the recipient of such benevolence and are truly touched by the friendships we've made," said Stephanie Kirby, executive director of Susan G. Komen for the Cure of Southern Nevada.

That's yet another reason why you should visit them; to claim that you've actually been to a place where a Guinness World Record was set.

To read the original article and see the photos, click here:

http://funbaath.blogspot.com/2010/10/worlds-largest-pink-margarita-guinness.html#more

You'll enjoy the food and the fun!笑
I can't believe this place has been here for so long and I am the 1st to review it.  Weird.  Anyways...this place is just ok to me.  I like that its open til 6am, I like that they make strong drinks and the mini TV's at each booth for sports is cool too.  If I was with a group, this isn't a bad place to bs and do shots etc.  But the food just isn't great here.  Its just average Mexican imo.  3.5 stars is what I would give this place if I could.笑
Ricardo's failed at almost everything for me this weekend. The two stars are for the guacamole that was fresh and creamy and was portioned perfectly for sharing. Second star for the tasty cocktails that hit the spot for all of us. 

Dirty laundry list: 
Horrible service. Not only did our waitress seem to never be around when we did see her she avoided eye contact with our table like we were Medusa or something...strange. On two of her visits to our table she made rude remarks to us! The group of people I was with was not rowdy or obnoxious so I was really surprised to have such a hormonal waitress treat us so poorly. 

The food. Let's start with the basics. Chips and salsa. Chips, no complaints. Salsa, wait, there was salsa on my table? I thought that was red water with tomato chunks floating in it? Wow. It was awful, kids. They serve chips with two salsas and beans and neither salsa worked. It needed more salt, cilantro and onion. It was like baby food level of heat. Bullshit. Next I had cheese enchiladas with rice and beans and it was just alright. Boring at best. 

Ricardo's is a beautiful, clean restaurant but their delivery is all off. They've gotten lazy over the years and really need to work on their recipes and service so I'm not the last local native to be disappointed. No bueno Ricardo's.笑
I live 3 minutes away from Ricardo's and I went on my birthday a couple weeks ago. The food was pretty alright but the what really sold me was their cocktails. They have a great variety and I got some coconut margaritas . Those were surprisingly good! My server was great and helpful when it came down to choosing drinks. I'll be back ! :))笑
Came here after a long day spending at casino waiting for friend finishing playing.
Then came to Ricardos for a nice greeting crew, and margaritas.
Then have Vero our waitress which outstand the service.
The food was cook properly and then the end was amazing.

Price is ok, and definitely recommended.笑
Dined with Erin for lunch. She was very helpful with menu selections and also very attentive. It was a good experience overall! The food was great.笑
Anna was very rude to us and the food had no flavor.the beans and salsa are from a can.very disappointed笑
Do not go for the Sunday buffet! It's garbage!!! 

Me and my family come here when we are in town, the menudo is good and most of the food you order is good. However, do not go fit the buffet it was bad!!! Small selection and food quality was bad! 

The service was BAD!! They took our drink order late and the food came out 30 minutes later and all we ordered was menudo and a quesadilla... How long does that take!?! 

Im giving it 2 stars because the menudo was delicious and the quesadilla was really good. But if it wasn't for that they would get nothing!!! 

Sorry Ricardo's this is the last time we go here, it's not worth the drive off the strip for bad service笑
Dirty plates were never removed from our table. The quality and portion sizes were not worth the price. The worst Mexican food I have ever had.笑
This has become my favorite Mexican restaurant! The food is delicious and the service is quick and friendly! The taco,enchilada plate is unforgettable! They have a variety of Margaritas but watch out because they are really potent! This place stays open 24 hours! 
I will be going there again!笑
Great Mexican food at a great price.  The restarunt has won many awards and is a local favorite.  Well worth the trip.笑
We love this place. What is there not to like? Open 24/7, great atmosphere, salsa dip trays the best, huge Margaritas, good food. Price is right. Only negative is running your credit card at your table and asking how much tip to put on it. Com'on, have a little more class, your place is too nice for this kind of behavior.笑
This was my second visit to this place and we all were in agreement the bean dip and chips were the bomb! Actually most of our meal was good! The only bad or down side is how can you only get two small meatballs in a albondigas soup? Come on man!! Really!?!?? Otherwise the lunch was fine!

Now, this does not mean I will not be going back..for lunch. :-)笑
Bar none, they have the best Fajitas in town...and I've been to literally every other mexican restaurant of note.  Always a nice atmosphere and service, too.  We literally drive about 20 minutes out of our way just to go here when we get a hankering for fajitas.

I've had friends order other dishes and it looked pretty run-of-the-mill and they were not particularly impressed.

I would give it 5 stars on Fajitas and 3 on the other stuff, so 4 averaged.笑
So far this is the best Mexican food I've had in town.

I'm a Texan and the bar is high. 

The margaritas are really *really* good. The burritos are everything you'd expect. No bullshit, easy going place, great food. 

The salsa Verde knocks my socks off.笑
I have to say that I don't like to give bad reviews unless it totally warrants it. This is one of those cases. I went there with my four daughters. None of us enjoyed our food. My Twins both ordered Carne Asad a burritos. They each had about two bites saying that it didn't taste anything like Carne Asad a. One of my girls actually took the side of beans next to the burrito and put it in a tortilla and ate that instead if her $13 burrito. My oldest daughter got a ck chimichanga.  I mean how hard is it to mess that up. She ate about 4 bites of it. My other daughter got the enchilada suiza which is the same thing I got. It had ck machaca in it and sour cream. The ck was cold and had a horrible flavor. I NEVER complain to an establishment I normally just leave and never go back. I had to in this case say something. They sent the manager over. Her name was Soraya.  She was not accommodating at all. I have to say I wasn't asking for a discount but when the entire table doesn't eat or take their food home maybe you should discount down the bill. Just my thought. After I spoke to the manager our server who was really cool at first became really short with us and him and the other servers gathered and I'm sure discussed that I had complained. Thanks for making it completely uncomfortable. I ended up paying $86 for the meal and I still tipped the server 25%. I will definitely never go back and tell all of my friends and family to stay far away from this establishment.  It is the most non authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten.笑
Good food, good service. Happy hour in bar only! Daily specials!! I will definitely go back.