Small place with limited seating. It's mostly take-out food for those who need organic, plant-based meals, desserts or snacks; and relatively quick. Unless you get something from their pre-stocked fridge, everything is freshly prepped and made to order. 

I've tried their raw falafel in a collard wrap with cauliflower tabouli and raw burrito with cashew sour cream. I haven't touched a lick of sour cream in almost a year or so, and their version tastes like the "real" thing. Falafels were a bit dry and crunchy for my liking, but taste-wise, it's on the money. 

I have one misgiving that is, perhaps, highly subjective. I found my meals to be very salty. As in, so salty, I had trouble enjoying the freshness and flavour of the food. If there is one thing that troubles me most in even vegetarian/vegan food, it's how much sodium is added for fear of being "bland". Vegan Duchess has some inventive and very solid meal options, but I would love if they let the plants speak up for themselves.Ǿ
Finally an independent vegan option in Midtown! 
The owners and the staff are super kind.
The cashew berry cheesecake is amazing!!!Ǿ
The food I tried here was very good. I've had the zucchini spaghetti and Vegan meatballs with a tomato sauce and the tostadas. The vegan meat was made of nuts and sun-dried tomatoes (I think). It was absolutely delicious and filing. I love fresh juice so I always get one too. 

The only downside is that it is a bit expensive. If I get a simple lunch dish (like tacos or the pasta) and a juice it costs me about $30.00. I understand it's raw, vegan and organic but $30.00 is too much to spend on a casual solo lunch. I would come here way more often if the price was more affordable. Another suggestion for the restaurant is to put in more tables so more people can dine in. There seems to be empty space in the front. If there was more of an atmosphere for dining here, maybe then the price would be justified.

Overall, the food is delicious and healthy, and I will definitely be back, but not too often because of the price.Ǿ
Doug McNish was in when I went and he was so welcoming and nice!!! I was starstruck. I ordered the pad Thai and OMG SO GOOOOD you won't even notice that it's all raw, it was delicious - definitely recommend and definitely going backǾ
Just opened at Yonge and Eglinton. Staff were incredibly kind, welcoming and knowledgable on their ingredients. The owner even offered me a free protein bar to try out a new recipe!

I had the "Chocolate Coffee" Smoothie. It tasted like a delicious frappacino! 

I can't wait to come back here and try the food!Ǿ
I haven't eaten vegan/raw food for a while. But it was nice to see a new vegan place in the Yonge & Eglinton area. I tried the Italian Pizza. While it was small it was dense & filled me up for longer than I expected. The pizza was also delicious though my carnivore hubby wasn't so enamoured with it. lol. It's expensive compared to traditional restaurants but that's pretty normal for raw vegan food in my experience. I would consider coming back here again to try more food. Their pasta looks yummy! 

At the time we were there it seemed they were having problems with their credit card processing so maybe it's a good idea to carry cash with you! Oh and this place is just a take out place. They do have some space at the front of the shop to eat but it's very small & stand up only.Ǿ
I went and tried the pizza, tacos and smoothies.  

I thought the tacos were the real standout and the closest tasting to the non-vegan version of the dish.  The seasoning on the walnut "meat" was spot on and it was simply a tasty taco.  Period.  The pizza was tasty as well, though a little salty for me.  Both the "banana cream pie" and the "berry in love" smoothie were good although I liked the BIL smoothie better.  The food is also deceptively filling.

The owner was really friendly.  Would go back!Ǿ
I had lunch at The Vegan Duchess after walking with my dog at Sherwood park yesterday.  I learnt about tgem from toronto vegetarian association website.  It is a newly open takeout restaurant with very few seats.   I was impressed by their raw crepe and pizza.   Comparing to rawlicious, I think they have better food.   I definitely return to the restaurant.   Their location is so close to eglinton station.  Good pick!Ǿ
Definitely not $$. This place is very expensive $$$$. I was going to buy a small brownie which they called a chocolate cake but I put it back when I realized it was $9.

I had a Matcha Iced Tea which was really good but really small. There aren't enough places to sit. We stood the whole time. It is advertised as a restaurant but you can't really sit and eat here.Ǿ
Excellent service! You gotta try their berry macarons! They are as fragrant as they are delicious, and only costs $1 each! We have had smaller macarons at the Farmer's Market that cost us double.

For mains I ordered the 'meatball' pasta and the 'Italian Pizza'. The latter was a bit salty for my taste but both were flavourful and wholesome. 

We bought their chia parfait to go, and wish we bought two so we didn't have to fight over it....It was heavenly!Ǿ
stopped by today after work for the first time I must have walked past it a million times and now I'm regretting waiting so long to check it out! I ordered the zucchini pad Thai and was thoroughly impressed, very tasty the maca almond sauce is to die for. the staff weren't overly friendly, but not rude by any means. it's a cute little whole in the wall, a must stop by for vegans in midtown!Ǿ
It's way too expensive for what you get. I had zucchini pasta with meatballs. Taste is very average, portions are so small. That dish was not filling at all. There were only three tiny baby meatballs which tasted okay. 
The staff could not process my order right. After having confirmed with the other staff member that the smoothie I ordered could be made, I found on the receipt that they charged me for a totally different smoothie. When I pointed that out, the guy said that oh, no, they couldn't make the smoothie I asked for. What kind of customer service is that?!
More than half of the items listed on the menu could not be made. There are no tables to dine-in, so it's more like a take-out. 
The owner is very rude and unprofessional. There are plenty of issues with this place, and those are just the outcome of a horrible owner. 
I just would not come back there ever again and not recommend this place to anyone I like. This saddens me because I am a vegan and would become a regular customer at a raw vegan restaurant.