This is the ULTIMATE Mexican munchies spot!! They have everything delicious and weird we like :) mango loko, obispos, banana split, Thrifty ice cream, Tosti lokos, elotes, fresas con crema, coco rayado con limón y Chile, regular ice cream smoothies, and Mexican candies like borrachines, Carlos quinto, duvalines, mazapanes, etc., etc.,. The people are really friendly and helpful, the place is immaculately clean, the hours are great... AH! Nothing bad to say :)笑
Only got a one star because I had no option for 0 stars.! Came to quenche my elote craving...and let me tell u it, it was NOT quenched.! Corn had no flavor. And just gross.!笑
YUMMY !

Thrifty's Ice Cream, Raspados, Mexican Candy, every sweet and delicious Mexican thing you can think of is in this tiny stop. 

I got this fresas con creme. A M A Z I N G.  A little pricey ($8) but definitely big enough for 2+ people to share. What I loved most about it is, that its not too sweet where you can't eat more than a few scoops, there was a TON of fresh strawberries, and its topped with thrifty's ice cream! Seriously, was better than heaven. 

Theres only a couple tables with chairs so expect to take these goodies to go. 

Environment: 3/5
Food: 5/5
Price: 3.5/5
Service: 5/5笑
Been going here for years! Even though it's still average it's close and open!!!!! I would give it 3.5 stars!笑
My boyfriend and I love trying new little places. We were having a hard time picking something because everything from the menu looked so good. It was also hard to pick because the menu only had the name of the item and the picture but no description on what the item contained. Also, their menu did not include prices which made it a little frustrating because I like to know exactly how much I'm spending. Other than that I think they are doing great.

We ordered the small Tosti Elote $4.50 and Mitotero $7. They were both delicious and very different from what I had before. I think the Tosti Elote was a reasonable price but for the Mitotero I think it was a little too high. 

In conclusion the place was nice and clean, and we were happy with what we ordered. We will definitely come back again and try something different from their menu.笑
These Raspados shops have been popping up all over town lately.  This place is the first one my wife and I tried, and it was amazing the first time we went.

Not only are all the combinations of ice cream, shaved ice, fruit, etc really really good, but they have an assortment of salty snacks like Tostitos de Elote, which are really awesome as well.

There is one problem: the prices have gotten insane.  We first started going here, and while it was never a cheap snack, it wasn't too bad.  We recently went back and spent over $8 on one dessert which used to be closer to $5-6.  With all the other Raspados shops around now, I'd say you can travel just a short distance to find the same treats at better prices.笑
Small place but there deserts and treats are very worth a stop. The fresas con Crema come with a lot of strawberries and it's not overly sweet and come in sizes. The tostilokos are loaded and they come in two different sizes as well. The location is a little sketchy and small but very good place to stop for a sweet snack.笑
Out of the handful of times I have visited this location customer service is either okay or good, nothing too bad or too good. The food is awesome and hits the spot if you are looking for some delicious mexican snacks! This is my favorite place to get chamoyadas and taki elotes. Whether this location or the one on Van Buren. The food is worth it!笑
Very disappointed!!! The service was horrible. The young guys behind the counter had no customer service skills whatsoever and were rude to the customers especially an elderly gentleman who was asking a question about his cocoloco. They completely ignored him.  I felt so bad. The items we ordered had more ice than ingredients.笑
Amazing!! Fresh, fun and a party in your mouth! Especially LOVE the Tosti Elote!

Yum!!!!笑
Me and my family always come down here for sweets and cravings.. whether it be raspados, ice cream, elotes, nachos, etc. options are endless it seems. It's a small spot and does get packed, but the quality of product is good.笑
Great find! They have everything you might need for that hot AZ day! Raspados are delicious. Very friendly, highly recommend when you are looking for a sweet or even salty treat.笑
Amazing ! Small mom and pop shop BUT everything is delicious. Looks family owned and ran. 

There is always a line. Never anywhere to sit. I normally go on the weekends so that could be why BUT every time I've gone they are busy. My fave is the Mango Loco and the Fresas con creme !笑
Best elote, tosti elotes and nachos! Everything there is delicious! It's authentic Mexican munchies