The 1-star reviews are solely complaining about delivery.  I ate in here on a Saturday night, and I had a great experience--needless to say, just visit after a night at the bars and don't order delivery if they're slow.

I came here after a night on the town and got $5 medium pizzas (Feta, Sausage), and both were terrific.  Much better than the previous owners (One World).  Turns outDrew's sold their recipe to One Worlds back in 2000, but then One World changed the recipe and made sh!t pizzas.

Drew's is much better.  Crispy crust, soft insides, and delicious toppings--all for the Saturday night special of $5 for a medium pizza.  Definitely worth a stop by--I would have given 4 stars but they need some 5 stars reviews to bring the rating of the pizza joint up.  It is definitely a solid joint and I would visit again if I was still on campus.Ǿ
This is a weird place. Bright white walls, no decor. Kind of sketchy looking. But...

Surprisingly good pizza! Late night special $5 (cash) will get ya a cheese, sausage, or pepperoni pie. Good and crispy, yum!

Super quick transactions - give 'em a five spot, get a pizza. 

And in case the bars close and you didn't know you wanted a $5 pizza, you might be lucky enough to hear someone from Drew's yelling in the street. That's brilliant business right there. 

Overall good experiences here, but I still think it's creepy. Creepy, but delicious.Ǿ
With Gumby's closed it was hard to find good pizza in the CU area. Drew's definitely fills the Gumby gap. It reminds me of my favorite place in Chicago, Piece. The pizza is extra cheesy, and the crust actually tastes like it was made -- not picked up out of cardboard box in the back of a warehouse freezer. Drew's is definitely my go to from now on.Ǿ
Free pizza for girls who flash the cashier?  This place is a shit-show.   No thanks.Ǿ
Wow, over 2 hours for a small pizza? Plus rude service when I called to see if they had gotten my order? This was my first and last time ordering here, and I can't imagine they'll be in business for long if this is how they treat every order.Ǿ
I thought Drews was great. Its best if you order online because they get the order faster. I ordered cause  they had a deal on cieats and I couldn't have been happier. Hot and cheesy goodness in 20 minutes at my door. It's basically Pappa Johns prices but much much better quality. I'll be ordering from Drews from now onǾ
Sexist place gives free pizza to drunk girls who flash the employees: http://www.dailyillini.com/opinion/columns/article_24fa819a-1e8f-11e3-a112-001a4bcf6878.html
and the pizza isn't greatǾ
Is Drew's sleazy? Oh, most definitely. The place looks like it's one step above selling pizzas out of the back of a van and it did not shock me in the very least that they were offering food for boobs: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/12/drews-pizza-free-pies-women-who-flash_n_3913473.html

But Drew's is cheap and delicious, especially after a late night at Murphys or one of the other campus bars. The pepperoni is priced at Little Caesar's levels and tastes like... well, pretty good pizza. I'll do barcrawls in Campustown with friends during the summer, and this is always a nice place to stop for some grease to prevent hangovers.Ǿ
I rarely write reviews, but I'm a big fan of local businesses--and this one deserves a solid rating! My roommate and I were craving pizza, but looking for something we hadn't tried yet. I was excited that Drew's menu included several specialty pizzas, which all sounded really interesting. We placed an order online for one small Loaded Baked Potato pizza and one small Taj Majal pizza (note: online ordering was easy, as opposed to other websites, which can be difficult to navigate, or make it hard to complete your order). 

Pizza was hot and ready on time, service was prompt and friendly. And the pizza was delicious. The Taj Majal was very rich, flavor-wise--but in a good way. The Loaded Baked Potato was the perfect proportion of creamy ingredients to crispy bacon and chives (my roommate had worried about it being too rich or creamy, and this wasn't the case). 

The small pizzas were a reasonable size (we had leftovers for a couple of days). The dough was delicious: the perfect thickness, a good, chewy texture, and seasoned nicely. I'll be ordering from here again!Ǿ
I'm not sure who the previous reviewers were dealing with, but my experience with Drew's Pizzeria was much more pleasant. 

I found the deal for a large speciality pizza for $9.99 online at eatcu.com, and proceeded to call them and order a large Thai Chicken pizza. What was slightly disappointing was that they accidentally made a Taj Mahal (pizza with tikka sauce and tandoori chicken) and I had to wait an additional 10 minutes. 

My disappointment quickly went away when I saw them bring out 2 pizza boxes to me, giving me both the Thai Chicken and Taj Mahal pizza (for free).  

The pizza itself was slightly dry, but overall delicious. The Taj Mahal was actually my favorite but the Thai Chicken was good as well. I'm glad for the mix up since I was able to get a taste of 2 speciality pizzas. 

I'd recommend trying their pizza out, especially while the $9.99 special lasts.Ǿ
The pizza was ok, but arrived like the driver had been playing frisbee with it. Seriously, shouldn't pizza toppings be on top of the pizza?

Delivery to my office, a normal classroom & office building on campus, mid afternoon. The driver called me up and said "I don't know if the doors are open or not, so I'm out in the street." Really. If I were ordering a pizza at home, you wouldn't call and say, "Hey, I'm in the neighborhood, come get it." So why is it appropriate to do that at my office? I don't get it.Ǿ
This place is AWFUL!  It took them 116 minutes to deliver a pizza 8 blocks away from the store.  No apologies, no excuses, no phone call.  I will never order from them again.  In fact, when the driver finally arrived, he slammed the pizza at the base of the door and walked away.  Worst service ever.Ǿ
I just called to try and ask a few questions before ordering. Because their menu is so strange, I felt like I ought to see what the employees thought was the best specialty pizza. Seriously, all I wanted was to give them a chance. The guy was SO RUDE I honestly couldn't believe it. Aren't they trying to open a small business? That isn't the attitude to make it work. The guy asked if I hadn't ever eaten a pizza before. Then I said I hadn't had a "Korean pizza" and he responded by saying that their menu was the same as one world. First of all, that is a blatant lie. Second of all, even if it were true, that's not how you should present your business to your customers. Whatever. I've never tried it and now I never will.