This place wasn't terrible, but wasn't really up to par with the east side joints I've been to. 
The service was not the best by any means. They were nice kids but they lacked any personality or knowledge of the menu. 
Someone mentioned hard rice which I did get on one out of my seven rolls. The flavors in the rolls did not Come out as much as I would've liked as there was always something overpowering the rest. Lastly, the presentation was sub par and sort of look squished together.
Overall nothing was terrible, but nothing was there to make me return.笑
Excellent sushi.  The service and quality of fish are excellent.  The owner Naka, works the bar all day everyday.  He also personally picks out the fish.  If you like quality sushi at a great price you need to try this place.笑
Food ans sevice is good.  Get here early otherwise you may have a wait.  Restaurant is cozy and intimate.  Definitely a gem.笑
I came too Naka Sushi after solid 16 mile bike ride with friends. So talk about hungry and one of my friends suggested Naka Sushi since we were riding in the area and raving about how cheap the AYCE lunch is here. I like "WHAT" AYCE for lunch under twenty bucks. NO WAY. I love sushi and firm believer AYCE the only way too go with sushi. It got me worried thinking since its so cheap maybe something not quite right. I was really happy with all the sushi I ordered and the other ones I tried that friends ordered (we all did AYCE).. They have average size menu with lots of the normal things find at any other AYCE spots. I felt the fish was good not the best that I had in Vegas. Freshness. Still for the price nothing too complain about besides the fact they were bringing out our orders pretty fast. Service was great! We asked for four separate checks not problem at all. Never had my soda cup empty the whole time. The sushi chef even though not sit at the sushi bar love the positive, happy, and excited about life vibe from them. Those guys constantly smiling on the way in and leaving. The decor was nice nothing out of the ordinary. I did find it interesting they were playing lot of Hawaiian local music from the 808. Anything reminds me of home and the 808 worth extra star all on its own. 

Naka Sushi great bang for your FISH!!!! It not on my side of town but if in the area and want too get cheap sushi on Naka the way too go. Just don't come in expecting too be blown away with the freshness or wow factor comes too the fish. Still something too be said about good food at great price...笑
I tried this place after another yelper gave me the tip to try it. This place is absolutely delish. 

The server happens to be Naka's wife and she was very attentive and she offered many new dishes to try. 

There were different appetizers to try out (as usual with AYCE) we tried their steak wrapped over asparagus rolls and yuuum the steak was really good. 

We were able to order 1/2 rolls so we got to try more. We tried the Toyota roll which is a baked roll and it was delish! It's similar to a japanese lasagna. I wasn't able take pictures of sushi because by the time it hit the table it's gone. 


This place is cozy and the AYCE is 21.95 definitely a good place to check out in the Summerlin area. 

I asked about the peanut butter mochi and its not on the menu nor do they have it in stock :( 

The whole BOGO discrepancy was that they asked someone from the LVRJ to post a deal on BOGO asahi beer but the journalist posted BOGO on asahi beef -- (is what we were explained) I believe it, I honestly don't think a restaurant would try to scam people that bad in desperation to come in, especially if they're food is good quality.笑
Great food, service and they are all around nice people.  Always remember us when we go in!  Love the food and will accommodate most special requests.笑
Service was good, but quality was sub par. I noticed soon after entering thay the restaurant was fairly empty (3-5 tanles being used) during peak dinner hours on a Thursday night. My roommate and I ventured here to check out their AYCE sushi, which was the least expensive around. During and after dinning, it was apparent why their price was slightly lower. The food quality did not match competitions in the area and their selection was also quite limited when compared to others. I can normally set large amounts of food at higher quality sushi restaurants, however, I only ate 2-3 rolls (which were merely rice, fish, and avocado, no better options) along with a few orders of nigiri. After that, my stomach became upset and quite bloated. I also noted immediately that the rice was VERY warm compared to other sushi bars. Whole the rice is normally cool or room temperature, the heat of the rice was very off-putting and altered the taste of the already lowER quality fish. I won't be returning here and will gladly pay $3-5 more for an AYCE option down the road for a better variety, higher quality, and improved overall experience.笑
Expected to much more from this place.
They are missing all the basics.
Don't want to say bad stuff it is not my style but I will personally won't come back to a second round.笑
My husband and i decided on Naka based on a friends recommendation. Didn't know what to expect, but we were totally in the mood for sushi.
The restaurant is small, but we did not have to wait for a table as there happened to be just one available. The AYCE menu does not lack options and the service from the staff is very pleasant. We even ordered a roll to go for my son and daughter.
I will definitely go back as i look forward to sitting at the bar to watch the Chef at work.笑
Excellent  sushi and awesome sushi chefs. Hats off to Naka and his crew! I go every Payday and it's always great! They remember what I like and even mix it up with the occasional "make me something " not on the menu.笑
My family of five went here on 9/28/2013 to celebrate my daughter's 16th birthday.  We had ordered take out from here a couple of months ago and it was delicious so we returned for an AYCE sit-down dinner.  Our servers were so nice and accommodating; at one point, about halfway through the meal, they both noticed a large order of sashimi that had hardly been touched and asked if it was okay.  When I mentioned it was fine, just a little too much raw fish for the group, they offered to take it back to the kitchen and cook it all tempura-style for us.  They came back a few minutes later with the tempura fish piping hot and absolutely delicious.  It was gone in minutes!  The servers explained everything to us and brought us our food very quickly.  When they found out it was my daughter's birthday, they brought her a pretty fan at the end of the meal.  Upon entering and exiting the majority of the staff greets you and/or bids you farewell.  All the food we ate there was delicious, fresh, etc.  Can't think of much more to say...just go there and see for yourself how great it is!笑
Great affordable AYCE sushi option in Summerlin.  It's a smaller more quiet spot with a location and interior that won't wow you... but the service, price, and food quality / taste are very good.  I'll be back again soon.笑
Have now come here about a dozen times since finding it and it's always consistent. The people you meet at the bar who are also regulars have also been to AYCE sushi joints all over Vegas and we comment to each other about how we've all stumbled upon this gem and are glad we have. Owner and staff and quality of food all 5 stars. I feel I owe it to Naka to throw another 5 star update his way (since I eat a lot!).

Go Naka Sushi!笑
I've lived in this neighborhood for years and always walked past this restaurant.  The outside looked so dark.  On a whim decided to try it.  opened the door and there was a bright, happy delicious world waiting!  Why didn't I come sooner?!?!  The staff was friendly, the food delicious and original, it was early on a Saturday and the place was jammed.  It's like a secret!  I almost didn't want to write a review because it is so good and don't want anyone to know.笑
Came here on my birthday with my husband and my son for dinner. There was no wait and the employees were very kind towards us. The guy immediately took our order and the sushi came out within the next 5 minutes! We did the AYCE that night and I LOVE the variety they have on their menu. From the simple sushi rolls, hand rolls, sashimi, baked rolls, desserts, and their special menu. Everything was delicious and I like how they make their portions smaller so you have room to try different things off their menu. Their AYCE dinner menu has a few more things than the lunch menu which makes up for the extra $3 during dinner. Definitely coming back! You can't beat quality AYCE for $23 for dinner and $20 for lunch!笑
All you can eat lunch and dinner. Lunch costs about 18 dollars, dinner costs about 22 dollars. 

I like this place because it's near my house and the staff are nice. I feel like it's a knock off version of Sushi Mon, but better at some aspects. Like the pricing is cheaper, and it's conveniently right there by Durango and Lakemead.

My favorite rolls are the Dragon Roll and the TED Roll. I recommend this place because of pricing and the sushi tastes pretty good. Water doesn't taste like sink water. They have green tea ice cream and mochi. The place is pretty good. The only thing that bugs me would be the size of the place. It's okay though since it's a newer business. It's worth my money and I'll definitely be coming back here.笑
Great all you can eat menu. Fish is very fresh. Fresh wasabi available. Nice selection of rolls and salmon Kama was excellent.  Naka always here working and very attentive to entire place.  Fresh scallop sushi available on the all you can eat menu. The naka special salad is another favorite笑
Have eaten here multiple times and every thing is always great.  Good food, great service and low prices.  The sushi is very good, but we usually go for the dinners with some sushi for an appetizer or as part of the dinner.  Their beef sukiyaki is oustanding with the beef very thin, tender, and flavorful.  Add in a Negihama roll and some $1 hot sake: YUMMM.  The bento boxes all offer a great diversity of Japanese goodness.  Evenings on weekends can be crowded, so get there early or be prepared to wait.笑
I really like this place food was great and it was pretty cheap for lunch Service was prompt The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is one of the waitresses had a little bit of an attitude but i didn't let it ruin my experience Will definitely be back笑
I absolutely love this place! My girlfriend and I go here all the time! Great service and friendly staff. They always remember us and talk to us when we come in. The food is amazing and great prices for all you can eat and it's always fresh! Love it笑
service was nothing special.. food all tastes the same and for me and my husband the flavors did not stand out. 
this was our first time so there is a possible second chance in the future. 

It is nice to have an AYCE sushi spot in this area though.笑
This place was amazing! From the service to the fish. The prices were more than reasonable and the sashimi was so fresh and tender. The salmon, tuna, and yellowtail just fell apart when you ate it, and the portions were very generous. Our server was amazing and attentive and answered any and all questions we had. The nacho roll is easily my favorite so far! I highly suggest this place.笑
Awesome prices for dinner ayce($22.95), way cheaper than most places. The fish is fresh and they give you more fish to rice. I tried the poke salad, i had better at other sushi places but they give a lot of larger tuna pieces as oppose to a little bit of smaller pieces. The place gets packed, my husband and I went on a wednesday evening around 6pm and all the seats including the bar was taken. I will definitely be back笑
As a fan of authentic Japanese food, this place ranks among the best! It's not only the rolls that makes this place awesome, one should try "Katsuju" - definitely one of the best in town.  

The bento boxes that they have are must-try's as well.  Dynamite, Volcano... A definitely yum.  I have to stop cause writing about their food just makes me hungry!!笑
Naka sushi is good for all you can eat.  It's a small place by Savers and Big Lots.  Staff is friendly and they have chop stick cheaters for the kids!笑
Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. The Brian roll was so unique and delicious. I really like that the rolls aren't huge and the quality is high. Delicious!!! Will go be back ASAP.笑
A great casual sushi spot. The rolls are made fresh. The sushi tastes great. The all you can eat sushi option for about $20 allows you to try as many rolls/half rolls as you can. One of the best part is the $1 small saki and the $2 large saki. Also the service is phenomenal. I'd recommend going with 2 or more people, do the all you can eat sushi, and enjoy the saki with the food.笑
This place is run by a JAPANESE Sushi chef which I love most about it. Best tuna sashimi and Uni I've had in Vegas.笑
Terrible place. This is not sushi, god only knows what it is! Don't waste your money!!!!! All the staff including the chef were not even Asian they were Latino.笑
I am currently on the hunt for a great place to enjoy AYCE sushi with family and friends, since YamaSushi is way too far a distance from my home right now, and I decided to give this place a try because they had a good average of reviews. 
The fish they have is definitely fresh, which was great, and a big bonus was the variety they had to offer (ex. special rolls). Price is also good, and is the cheapest that I've found thus far. The presentation of the site and food is alright. The service they had was not totally commendable.
I have to say that my boyfriend and his brother are not the easiest to get along with, but if you can put up with them, you're great, and my boyfriend likes to thank you with a really big tip. I, on the other hand, am nice to you so long as you're good to me, which still ends up getting you a decent tip. With all that said...
The waitress/server we initially had was alright to begin with, but her service started lagging because of the amount my companions kept bugging her about food information. I realize this isn't fine dining, but you could at least have the basic knowledge about the dishes you serve and inform us all. We had also modified a few orders, and the kitchen hadn't followed, so we sent it back, expecting to get it all corrected. Didn't happen - became ghost orders. The most irritating factor about this particular server was that she started ignoring us. We tried flagging her down to simply order more, and she constantly breezed by our table. 
The savior of the night was a young man who was supposed to be her helping hand. He created small chat with us, entertaining my boyfriend's 6 year old nephew, and tended to us when she ignored us. We gave him a 25% tip, and we gave her the coin change from the bill. I actually gave him the tip personally, and left her looking after us dumbfounded. 
Tip is based off the service you give, and is not required, and that is exactly what we practiced.笑
Food is good.  Service is not good.

We were distracted by the horrible music but everything we ordered was delicious.

Our waitresses were hard to communicate with, we could barely understand what they said and it was frustrating.  Also strange for them to be speaking Spanish in that kind of restaurant...笑
Great sushi , Always fresh , friendly employees and very affordable prices! Best sushi in town!笑
The service is superb, fish is amazing and so fresh. The sushi chefs are great. They do half rolls    Which is awesome so you can have a bite of everything. They take such good care of you and it's a place where you can get in and out in 30 minutes. Definitely a must try. So good!!笑
OMG this place is AMAZING!! Me and my brother come here often even tho we live across town, the people are so nice and attentive to everyone even when they are packed, we haven't had a roll we didn't like, and definitely try the mochi, no matter how full you are you will want a million orders of mochi!! If I could afford it I would be here every day!笑
Best place for real Japanese Sushi! Most of the places in town are run by Koreans and Chinese who don't understand the true art of Nigiri, but Naka Sushi does!笑
This may not be saying much because I am not a fan of Vegas, but Naka Sushi was the highlight of my trip out to Nevada last weekend. As a local, my cousin has talked about this magical place where you can eat your fill for $22.95 a person for quite some time now. And it might nauseate you to know that four people finished all the food we ordered, but we did it because who wants to pay additional for leftovers? Not me!

We deduced that they must use cumin in their frying batter, which gives the chicken karaage and the fried oysters really interesting flavor. And that soft shell crab is pretty ridiculous. The albacore, yellowtail, and salmon sushi were each fresh and delicious. The rolls were a little on the heavy side, especially those featuring their signature yum yum sauce, but all were exactly as described. Though we were limited to just one a person, the fresh oysters were fantastic. My favorite thing may have been the spicy baby octopus. And let us not forget that they have tempura ice cream and tempura banana on the menu for dessert, which I let other people order so I could steal bites. I opted for their daily special mint chocolate chip mochi ice cream, which was heavenly.

If you're not super hungry and just want a couple of rolls to split, this place seems like a great option for that as well. But I have to believe I will be here every time I found myself out that way if only for the love of a bargain.笑
This place has the best sushi! All you can eat is the best value, because you can try pretty much everything on the menu. I come here often and have never been disappointed!笑
This is for take out only since I have kids and much rather eat at home(in peace) lol...we LOVE their prices we always get the special of the 2 rolls for less thn $10. When we go pick up its ALWAYS packed which again makes me feel better about my take out choice...笑
Came here for the $20 AYCE for lunch ($23 for dinner) and I was not disappointed. They have a decent amount of different specials, and the rolls are pretty good too. The service is great and the staff is friendly. I had someone come check up on me every 5 minutes, and it was pretty busy. I will definitely be back in the foreseeable future!笑
I literally eat here every single day. Large menu, many authentic Japanese dishes besides sushi available. Extensive All You Can Eat menu. This place can get very busy during lunch and dinner time as it is very small. They have a reserved area for regulars which I find very nice. VERY INEXPENSIVE which helps me waive the fact that sometimes the service isnt the best. I personally just try to converse with Naka as he is always in a great mood and makes sure my guests and I are taken care of.笑
I had a terrible experience. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone. I had just signed my check and was talking to my party when the waiter walks up and asked us to leave so he could seat other parties waiting at the door. When you go out to dinner you expect reasonable food and a relaxing evening. The staff was staring at us and circling us like vultures waiting for us to finish so they could hurry us out. It was the most tense and awkward night out in my life. There is a good sushi place right across the street with plenty of seating. Go there! Not to Naka!!!笑
Best cheap eats!  Great quality at an affordable price!  $21.50 for all you can eat!  It just can't get any better than this.笑
This place is new  . . . well, the owners are new.  Previously, it was Fuji-San Sushi, which I loved . . . . and miss. 

Naka Sushi isn't bad, their AYCE is $21 which is as good as it gets in Vegas, but they also have restrictions on how many times you can order a certain thing, not unheard of, but if I'm paying $21 and want two orders of oysters, I should be able to have it.  They are seemingly accomodating with any "special requests" and their fish is fresh, which is worth a million.  

My husband ordered the bento box dinners and it was a pretty generous portion -- the food is pretty good, although the yakisoba did not go over well with my kids.  Also disappointing is there is no AYCE for kids.  Fuji-San used to have a kids rate of $9.99 which was a lot more reasonable for the one roll and one mochi ice cream they typically eat! :) 

Anyway, stop in . . . . it's not the best ever, but it will likely make your belly smile!笑
If you're looking for great Japanese food,  look no further.  Service is exceptionally good.  Superb prices.笑
Good quality of fish, and always fresh. Staff are very friendly. The owner is always present to make you feel comfortable.i highly recommend it.笑
My new favorite sushi place, everything I ordered was great! Me and my party did the all you can eat and we're very impressed and happy. I ate like a slob lol笑
Food:  was slightly below average for a sushi place.  The fish was alright, but not as fresh as I would have liked.  The chicken teriyaki was slightly burnt and not very plentiful.

Service:  even though I came in 45 minutes before closing, I was told I could not do the all-you-can-eat sushi dinner, which I think was unreasonable.  My server was not the most friendly, but the sushi chefs were nice.

Ambiance:  is clean and basic with a tv, tables, and sushi bar.

Value:  is not great given what you get.  Perhaps the all-you-can-eat is worth it, but I am not convinced of the quality of the fish.笑
Naka Sushi prices are great for AYCE.             Fish quality and quantity are amazing. Cool thing if you have people in your group that are not raw fish eaters they also offer an amazing selection of cooked foods!! Beef Bowl is one of my favorites笑
I was really disappointed with this place. The reviews sounded so promising. I placed a reservation for a party of 6 as a tentative headcount for 7:30 on a Friday evening. When a seventh person arrived, our server didn't even offer to pull over another chair and he had to squish himself at the edge of the booth. The meal was very uncomfortable because our server did not smile, AT ALL. He just hovered over us looking angry...not sure if it was a bad day or if he was upset that he got stuck with a big party doing AYCE. Sorry to tell you that if it was the latter, that is part of your job working at a sushi restaurant who offers AYCE and you should not take it out on your customers. There was another waitress who stepped in and took a few of our orders and she was nice, so it's not the whole staff. 

Anyway. We each paid $22.95 for AYCE dinner, with an additional gratuity for the large size of our group. The fish quality here was questionable. No pride was apparent in the sushi quality or craftsmanship, which was odd because the nigiri in the Yelp photos looked fresh. Ahi and hamachi looked old and sad. The unagi was good, but that's about all. We ordered some rolls and they were forgettable. Dessert is limited to one item per person, and the green tea mochi ice cream was hard and flavorless. 

I wanted to like Naka, as it has been on my bookmarked list of places to try for quite some time now. However, with the sub-par sushi quality  and spotty service, I won't be returning here; I would rather pay a little more for AYCE at Sushi Goyemon.笑
The servers are typically not friendly.  And the sushi is sloppy.  They cut corners.  The macaroni salad is hardly edible.  The udon is great though.  I wish they wouldn't have servers come to work sick either.笑
Always enjoy Naka Sushi.  Good value and good sushi..especially the Lupio Roll..if I spelled that right!笑
So happy we found this place! My brothers and I came here for AYCE dinner. There was a little bit of a wait, but they seated us within 15 mins. They have a wide variety of rolls, but they also have some a la carte items that aren't included in the AYCE price. I personally like cooked fish in my sushi and they have plenty options for fried and baked rolls. Service was on par as we never waited long for our rolls. The wait staff was very attentive and available. A great place for AYCE if you live near the area! I'll definitely be coming back!笑
About a month ago, I was up in the area and decided to give Naka Sushi a try because I had been to my normal sushi joint, Yummy Sushi, three times in the past two weeks and I thought I'd change it up. I wish I had stuck to what I had known.

I'll make this absolutely clear...Naka Sushi is NOT bad. 

The service is fantastic, the people who work there are very friendly and the rolls actually come at a pretty quick rate when you order them. 

Their downfall is simply how un-rememberable and bland the sushi and food is. It's not bad food by any means...it's just there. 

With All You Can Eat for $21, you can certainly fill up your stomach, but it won't have much of a unique flavor to it. I would almost suggest this place to someone who has never had sushi before, because it would be a good safe place to start and every place that you would try afterwards would have more flavor.

Naka Sushi is just not for me.笑
Right when i walked in i knew i wasn't going to like it. i don't know how this place has 4stars! disappointed. i wanted sushi and on my husband lunch break we came here. the service was horrible the waitress looked like she was mad or something. the rolls kept falling apart, it wasn't even busy, the rolls tasted so plain. will not come here again!笑
Way not worth it. Ordered a bit of everything. Hand Rolls. Specialty Rolls. nigiri. Even things which "you have to order specially cause they arent on the menu." Long story short. Yes it is a fantastic price to get full. But hell, many off the strip casinos have buffets where you an gorge on smashed garlic potatoes and get full. 

This will not be my neighborhood sushi place. I guess I will keep hunting. 

PS...The Christmas Roll is good if you want a fried roll. That Is the saving virtue and the third star.笑
AYCE lunch $18.95, dinner $21.95. Decent food. The bar is set pretty high for AYCE sushi joints in Vegas, lots of competition around town. 

My honey and I were craving sushi and decided to try some place new, so I found this place on my trusted yelp app. Sushi was good quality, thin slices of fish on a slightly large pieces of rice. White tuna is a rare find, which they do have, but no Uni. Spicy baby octopus turned out to be squid heads, pretty tasty still. Menu had a variety of rolls and all the ones we ordered were good. 

Service is pretty fast compared to most sushi places in town. Bathrooms are reasonably clean. I still love Yama, for $1 more, I get Uni, soft shell crabs & limited seafood salad with no rice.笑
Great place! Service is perfect score. Polite, attentive, and fast! Food is way better then expected. This is the place to be in Vegas. Price is more then reasonable for sushi笑
After living in Japan for the last 3 years this was a treat. The staff was great and the nigiri was perfect. I'm in town from NM and needed to get my fix. This did the job and I will definitely return before I leave. The all you can eat is your best bet. You won't regret it. (The staff is actually Japanese too which isn't always the case and makes a big deal to me)笑
This is one of the best sushi joints in Las Vegas. 
Everything on the menu is fantastic. Naka (the owner and chef) is one of the nicest guys I've ever met. Good vibes in this place!
Try the lunch special. It's the prefect amount of food, and is ridiculously cheap! Really hits the spot笑
OH MY GOD IS THIS REAL LIFE.

This place is so bomb. 7 of us came and we all got the "all you can eat" dinner special, and we gladly paid the 18% gratuity for big parties. We are from LA so we thought maybe since Vegas in inland, the sushi here wouldn't be that great. We were so wrong, and I've never been happier. 

The range for the all you can eat is incredible. We had everything from tuna sushi to shrimp tempura to green tea tempura ice cream to seaweed salad to beef tataki to fried calamari to mochi ice cream. Incredible. All for $27 (tax, tip, etc).笑
Great Sushi

This is one of my favorite sushi bars in Summerlin. Located on Rampart and West Lake Mead, Naka Sushi is in the small corner of the strip mall next to a Dance studio, OmG Boba and Savers.

The sushi here is always great, the service is also pretty prompt. The chefs are always friendly and personable. I recommend the Brian Roll, the Miso is good and the Nacho Roll are all bomb. Usually the custom hand rolls are also pretty Legit, one being the Nitro

Great AYCE lunch and dinner specials are great value. Remember they are open on split shifts and not right through the day.

They have high chairs and are very good with the little ones. The last time I was in there had to be at least 4 other tables with kids and were all catered to with either high chairs or custom rolls from them to eat.

Overall
Drink: 3-5
Food: 4-5
Service: 4-5
Coming back: every chance I get笑
Im a regular here, the owners are extremely friendly and the staff is very hospital. They're food is never dissapointing and the mochi is the best. Definatly worth going to.笑
After being spoiled in LA by my absolute favorite sushi joint, Oki Doki..... I've had to keep my eye open when I moved back to Vegas on where to eat good sushi here.

I had tried around 5 places or so from 2008-2009, and all were fairly good, but I hadn't found a "spot". I shop at Smith's, Big Lots, and Savers often, so when I saw Naka Sushi with the grand opening sign with All You Can Eat.... I figured why not?

Beforehand, I tried Yummy Grill and Sushi once, and it wasn't bad, but again... I wasn't blown away either.

So I can say now, after more than a year of eating here; I come atleast once, sometimes twice a month. I've felt more than welcome each and every time. They know me by name. I've brought numerous friends in (even some that have had my favorite place mentioned above, Oki Doki)..... and we all agree. We absolutely love it.

I see numerous sushi places everywhere, and believe me. I want to try them all. But it's hard to want to when I feel so at home in Naka.

Maria Roll, Santa Maria Roll, Spicy Baby Octopus, Salmon Skin Handroll, Teriyaki Chicken and Cheese Roll, Octopus nigiri, Surf Clam nigiri...... those are my "must haves", and then I usually pick out 2-5 other new things to try every time I go. I've probably had about 85% of the menu and there's maybe less than a handful of things I wouldn't have again and that's mostly due to my personal tastes, not because it was terrible.

I'll get around to trying some other sushi places eventually. But my permanent Go-To spot is definitely Naka.

For the price: you get quality service, always familiar faces, a very large amount of choices for "all you can eat", diverse musical selection along with the perfect home-feeling ambiance, there's always sports on if you're into that, food that rarely (if ever) disappoints...... it's all good.笑
I was pretty excited to try this place based on the mostly positive reviews.   Sadly, mine is not one of them.  

My wife and I came for lunch and was seated pretty quickly.   We ordered our usual quantity of nigiri and appetizers for the first round.  

Appetizers were ok.  The dynamite was below average.  Nigiri sushi had way too much rice and the slices of fish were not top quality and were inconsistent.   We noticed that when we picked up the nigiri sushi to eat, the rice fell apart, making it difficult to dip into the soy sauce.

We had ordered 8 orders of salmon nigiri on the first round but 8 orders of red snapper came out instead, which my wife tried and commented that it looked and tasted like talapia.  The waitress commented that she had thought we wanted snapper, not salmon.   Do they sound alike?

Anyway, after the initial order, we ordered maybe a few more appetizers and a couple more nigiri.  Not much better.  The karaage chicken tasted microwaved and was not crisp.  We lost all appetite and opted to just finish what we had and leave.  Usually when I leave a ayce sushi bar for lunch, I don't even want to think of dinner.  Today I left hungry.

We keep comparing other sushi places to Doh Sushi on Spring Mountain and have not found anyplace that has the same quality, service and menu as they have.
Of all the ayce sushi places we have tried, Naka Sushi is definitely on the bottom of the list.笑
Great quality and great prices. The kara roll, yellowtail, and red snapper are my favorites. Naka is my go to and never fails me! Usually when I go to other places, they are way overpriced and the sushi is not as satisfying. I see that people also complain about sharing AYCE but they also have to understand that any sushi place you go will not allow sharing unless you are eating with another person doing AYCE. The fish is always fresh and they give a good ratio of rice and fish.笑
Wasn't bad. Mike's favorite is a pretty tasty order. One of my orders was forgotten in the oven since it was baked and instead of them offering a new one I was given an over cooked order.笑
I don't write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so with this establishment. The nigiri sushi was very heavy on the rice and light on the fish.We stayed away from the rolls and stuck with the nigiri sushi. The owner/chef, noticing us going for the more "costly" alternative, decided to load the sushi with an overwhelming amount of rice. It was an obviously underhanded way to get us to order less and get us full faster. Do not be fooled by the posted photograph. We've been to many AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas and this by far is the worst. Do yourselves a favor and avoid this place like the plague.笑
This was my second trip here. My wife and I sat at the counter and had All You Can Eat (AYCE). The rolls are very similar to themselves and to other places, nothing extraordinary. There service was pretty good though. Last time, we had to wave in service, this time, the sushi chefs were attentive and on top of it. Everything was good, though nothing stood out. If you live nearby, this is a good place to get full on yummy sushi. But there isn't anything standout here either. As I was looking around, I saw ice crystals on some of the fish, no telling if it had been frozen, or if it had just been over-refrigerator. But there wasn't any cold burns on anything, so it's probably a case of over refrigeration. One thing I did like, is that many places charge a little extra to have Toro sushi with AYCE, Naka doesn't.笑
A great place to get sushi. It's on the smaller side. The wait staff are friendly. The sushi is good and fresh. The tables are sometimes a little sticky but that doesn't bother me. Pretty good place to get sushi!笑
I come here everyday for lunch and dinner.
I really enjoyed eating at Naka Sushi.
I highly recommend.笑
First all, I swear that I've eaten at this Sushi Restaurant at least 3 times before.  Those visits were not so good and I wasn't impressed  However, I have changed my opinion just off my last couple of visits.  

My visits here have always been lunch and it's usually their AYCE.  AYCE Lunch is $18.95 and Dinner is $21.95. Price is about average for Las Vegas.  What I like about Naka is that you can get half rolls, which means more sampling for me.  

My Ratings:
-Teriyaki Chicken w/Brown Rice:  Pretty good.  I admit that it taste better with white rice. But I feel better about myself if I get the brown rice.

-Calamari:  Literally 4-5 pieces.  Taste good, but don't expect a dish full of fried squid. 

-Mr O Roll:  This is basically a lobster roll and very tasty.  The roll isn't tight like other places and I use to be a snob about this.  But it all goes down the same and its the taste that counts.  Besides, a loose roll to me is basically a mini hand roll. 

-Arizona Roll:  When it comes to sushi, I am bit boring. Regardless where I eat sushi, I usually get a Spicy Tuna, something with tempura shrimp inside, and an Philly Roll.  The AZ Roll is basically all three in one.  Good combination and the best of both worlds. 

-Tuna Nigiri:  They requested that I try it. Pretty good.

-Yellow-tail Nigiri:  My 2nd favorite.  Small, but fresh.  Besides it's all you can eat so order more. 

-Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream:  I have yet to find someone that makes a really good deep fried ice cream or tempura ice cream.  Best I've had was in a Chinese Restaurant in Rome Italy.  Not flying out there for tempura ice cream so this will have to do.  Still good, but wish the ice cream was softer

Service is great from the bar.  Like most sushi restaurants, you are not neglected if you are sitting at the bar.  I did notice that guest in the normal dining area had to wait a little longer for their waiter to get them their food while I got mine with the quickness. 

My only issue, which is not a big deal since I only go here for lunch, is the size of this restaurant. It's small and I can't imagine what a busy night must feel like.笑
I'm not really into "all you can eat sushi". I guess I've had bad experiences. But, Naka isn't only the best "AYCE" sushi but it's one of the better sushi places I've ever eaten. Period. We recently went to the fancy Roku at Caesars Palace and Naka blows it away. At a fraction of the cost. 
Must check it out.笑
This place is awesome. It has become my new regular spot. The prices are awesome, The menu is great, and it's very delicious. What a hidden gem definitely be back for more笑
I've been wanting to find a AYCe place a bit more close-ish to the house than some of our other side of town haunts and so far this seems like a good contender. Dinner was $21.95 and lunch was $19.95 which is a bit cheaper than average, but offers a lot on the menu. 

Appetizers - 
Softshell crab - standard, but good. Nice crisp batter. 
Spicy baby octopus - this was meh, just some boiled chewy octi with some teriyaki sauce. 
Tuna tataki - this was pretty good! Seared tuna, ponzu and some onions. 
Sashimi side (2 pc of each fish) - Salmon was pretty fresh, the yellowtail was good, albacore was OK but still acceptable. 
Jalapeno popper - theirs was really good. I like the thin sliced bite size pieces over whole ones. 

Nigiri - 
Cajun Albacore - was really on point! Ordered several rounds. 
Super White - pretty  decent range of freshness, 
Yellowtail - pretty good as well 
Habanero masago - this was awesome and spicy 
Uni - very fresh, sweet and creamy 
Masago - good stuff with some quail egg. 

I think the rice to fish ratio here is pretty good actually. They do put wasabi in their cuts, so if you are sensitive to it, then you might want to let them know. The sumeshi rice had good seasoning as well and right on consistency.

We also had a mike roll which I liked the crunch texture on, and a albacore roll which was also pretty good. The salmon skin handroll is one of my favorite things and there's was one of the best I've had. 

Service here was great. It was a slower late weeknight, but the sushi chef was very nice and attentive. Things just came in succession so we got in a lot of dishes in a short amount of time. The server kept out drinks filled and plates cleared. 

I don't think they do a stamp card, or at least none was offered to me. I'm pleased with the selection and quality for this first visit so I'll be back and see how consistent this place is.笑
It says a lot when an establishment can keep their ratings and expectations for quality consistent throughout the year.

This is the place we go for AYCE sushi.  Nestled in on the Northeast corner of Rampart and Lake Mead, just to the left of Savers.

The people here are friendly and all about service.  The owner, Naka, has one heck of a laugh and is very enjoyable.

The music and ambiance here can range from romantic to casual.  The music makes me laugh and smile.

My favorite go to rolls lately have been the SSS Roll, LA Boxing, Brian Roll, and Christmas Roll.

Other items on the AYCE menu include: Miso Soup, Poke Salad and Tempura Vanilla Ice Cream!

I never wince at the check when it comes because I feel that I've gotten mounds of value without sacrificing quality.

And without fail, every time we leave, we hear the friendly words: "See you tomorrow!" 

Sorry, maybe not tomorrow, but very soon!

Highly recommended.  

Just do it.

Your stomach will love you for it!笑
A sushi novice, I was glad to visit this place! The staff was very friendly and even recommended some great rolls to try. The sushi was fresh and the service, even when asking for a kitchen item, was fast...and the shrimp tempura is AMAZING.

***At $21 this place is a steal. You will not be disappointed***笑
I love this place.  Not only do the have great sushi at reasonable prices, they have $1 hot sake! $2 for a big bottle. The staff is very friendly and always offers great service. It gets a little crowded so feel free to call for reservations. Also, one of the best all you can eat deals in town.笑
Came here for lunch with a couple friends (it's $18.95 plus tax) and I really enjoyed it. I've been to a lot of AYCE sushi restaurants and this place hands down has had the best service I've experienced. Our server did not rush us and was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of despite her other tables. She had a really nice attitude even after the numerous questions we had. We came about an hour before close and she made sure to let us know that we had a couple minutes left if we wanted to order anymore. 

The food was pretty good, Muscle Blaster was a really good roll and the chef made the sushi pretty quick. Overall amazing experience.笑
I love sushi, but sometimes it's hard to find a good AYCE sushi spot away from china town. It's sure a hidden spot and I'm so glad I found out. Their rolls are absolutely delicious and full of flavor. Most of them are unique to Naka and Mr. Naka himself takes great pride in his work, as he should!! 

My favorite sushi rolls have to be the Spicy Christmas roll and the Nitro Hand Roll, they are a must try, especially if you're like me and you enjoy a little bit of spice in your sushi.

I will recommend this place over and over again because for the price, the quality is above and beyond. Not only that, but such a great staff and quick service!笑
We were running errands in the Summerlin area, so I checked Yelp to find an AYCE sushi place nearby. Naka Sushi was highly recommended, so I thought we'd give it a shot. Although it's not the best sushi I've ever had (or even the best AYCE sushi I've ever had), this was moderately priced and offered a wide selection of sushi, rolls, and side dishes.

We arrived around 5, and there were plenty of open tables. This was a plus, because service was fast and our servers were super attentive. My husband and I split everything: from poke salad and edamame, to eel sushi and a variety of rolls. The caterpillar and rainbow rolls were my favorite, and although the TED and Muscle Buster rolls were good, they were HUGE -- it was a struggle to eat a piece in one bite.

I know the food was fresh, because I saw the chefs making it, but some of the fish seemed a little "off." It also seemed like some of the cold rolls were a little too warm, and some of the warm food was a little cool, but maybe that's just me. I liked most of our choices, and for $22 each, you can't really complain.

It seemed like most of the other customers were regulars, because the staff greeted many of them by name, so it's obvious this place is doing something right. Overall, Naka seems like a solid choice if you're craving sushi (for a reasonable price) in the Summerlin area.笑
I wanted sushi and looked on Yelp to find a new place close to my house. I thought I would try Naka because of all of the reviews. The restaurant is clean and nice looking. They even have some booths. The  service was great; from the waitresses to the chefs behind the counter. The food was outstanding! I got the Naka roll and the Toyota roll and the Dynamite. I highly recommend the Naka roll. So good! Oh yeah, they also have chardonnay for $4.50 a glass and it is actually tasty.笑
We've always drove out of our way from Aliante and ate here. Big mistake, we will never ever come back here again. We have always ate here bit this time our 2 year old child was having 2 shrimp tempura, 1 siomai, and my left over miso soup. The server and owner  says to us she soul don't be eating my food food because she wasn't doing all you can eat.  We have to pay for her eating some of my food, I thought he was kidding but he wasnt. I lost my eppetite and was disgusted.  He says there's no free food. Are you kidding me? I said fine, charge me but it's the last. I knew we should've just drove up farther and went to Sushi Bomb. Then after all of that the server Alex don't charge us. I asked him, why go thru all of that fuss, confrontation and inconvenience when you weren't charging us after all? Why create a fire? All he can do is apologize.笑
What a novel idea: a Japanese restaurant owned and operated by a Japanese Chef. 

The food was fantastic. Probably the best AYCE sushi deal in Vegas. 

The staff was friendly and the food was great. I will be back!笑
Disappointed. After reading previous reviews I had higher hopes. I won't be going back.笑
We really, really like this neighborhood eatery.  Naka Sushi has quality food with great service at a reasonable price.  Wow...that's a combination we always enjoy.   Menu offers a wide selection of rolls and fresh fish.  Left hand side offers a smaller selection of other than sushi Japanese food.  Salad dressing is yummy.  Naka gets busy on the weekends with waiting lines but week night visits finds a short wait at worst.  We repeat often.  Try an Okinawan treat...Orion beer.笑
WARNING:  Don't fall for the intentionally deceptive coupon that appears to be a BOGO!  I will NEVER return to Naka Sushi, as I don't believe in supporting places with questionable business practices.  Clearly they're not looking to develop a loyal customer base by stooping to trickery to get people in the door.  I am beyond personally offended by their tactics.

I won't be your fool again Naka, and hopefully no other yelpers will fall for your scheming ways.笑
I can eat here everyday! No joke! Food was the delicious and came fast. Our server was really friendly and made us really feel comfortable and made great suggestions. Definitely one, if not the best, sushis I've ever had in Vegas  try the Santa Maria Roll. That one is REALLY good!笑
Always wonderful!!!!

If you are looking for haute cuisine--this is not your place.  However, if you are looking for good sushi at reasonable prices with a neighborhood feel, this is your place.  We frequent this  place at least once a week.  We have brought numerous friends here, and now they are regulars as well.  The food is really fresh and tasty.  Chef Naka is very friendly, and he does his best to satisfy all--which is a feat.  My only recommendations is to TURN down the music, and perhaps use a little less rice.  I always ask for easy rice.  The women staff are friendly and courteous.  The male staff needs to smile and be more accommodating.  Overall, I give it an A+--and I shall return and return and return and return..lol笑
We wanted to try a different place that we have not been before, so we decided to have AYCE at Naka-sushi since the Chef, Naka used to work at Sushi-mon which is our go-to sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. 

First of all, we noticed the place had a fishy smell as we entered. The waitress noticed us right away and welcomed us with a smile in cheerful tone of voice so that was a good impression. The interior was like a very old looking restaurant - Back to the 80's. The background music was also totally random which ranged from old Japanese music, to Jazz, to the Beatles sound tracks. Not good or bad at this point, just little classic feeling.

We had counter seats and the chef Naka served us. Even though there were only 3 groups including us at that time, he kept forgetting our orders. The fish in show case looked dry and some white fish had a slight browning to the color, which shows that they are not fresh at all. 

I saw some small blocks of tuna that were sitting out of plate in the show case, and when we ordered Poke Salad, he used THE blocks that were not on plates and served it with way too much sauce. The salad bowl was almost half full with sauce. We didn't want to finish the salad because of where the tuna came from and the overly strong sauce taste.

They have a huge choice on Rolls instead of Nigiri and most of Nigiri is limited to 1 order per person. Fresh oyster looked fresh but there was a fishy smell that savored in my mouth. Grilled Shrimp comes in a skewer with 3 TINY shrimps with LOTS of sweet sauce on top. An order of Sweet Shrimp and the Scallop come with 2 pieces of Sushi, but the Shrimp/Scallop a single piece was cut into 2 pieces to fulfill the orders.  On top of that, there was only 3 choices on dessert which were coconut mochi, cookies&cream mochi, or rainbow sorbet. They were also on the 1-order-per-person list. Very stingy.

Side dishes were lined up with diverse of Tempura and fried food etc. Our shrimp tempura was crispy and Agedashi-Tofu was good! They had Salmon-kama which the size was reasonable though the fishy smell was still there.

The waitress/waiter was a good impression at our check-in, but they weren't as attentive as we thought. Our counter was immediately full of empty plates and none of them cleaned them up until they stop looking around and stand at "their position" to look over other tables.

As I mentioned. the freshness of fish and how they take care of them were questionable. We were hesitant to keep ordering more food. We finished our meal with a small cookies&cream mochi ice cream cut in half and left the place behind....

I guess we sacrifice some things for saving a few bucks.

We will never come back there even if somebody is paying for us. That's for sure.笑
I come here for the all you can eat sushi. Its great for the price. I wish I can eat oysters unlimited too though otherwise I don't have any complaints.笑
I usually eat here once a week. Everyone is very nice and accommodating.  My favorite roll is LA Boxing with a fresh slice of very thin lemon on top. Yummy! The food is great and staff is fun to spend lunch with. I never order my drink anymore  because the waitress knows my order! Love  sushi and this is my favorite.笑
6 piece sashimi included in AYCE really caught my eye and decided to go give it a try, and I absolutely love it!!!!! I was shocked about the price too, lunch is $18.95 and dinner price is $21.95, keep in mind if you want 6 piece sashimi you will have to pay dinner price, but it's totally worth it.  All the fish taste fresh and got nice cold temperature to it, I love the cajun albacore a lot, I even tried their fresh oyster and I had no allergic reaction (that means it's fresh).  Sushi chef seems to work alone by himself but he deliver everything so quickly, not sure how he did it but I think he's amazing, really nice and friendly too.  Will definitely go back again! great price, great sushi, and great service!笑
I love Naka Sushi and have eaten here countless times.  The service is great, and the sushi is CHEAP! It doesn't taste cheap though.  

I recommend getting the #3 if you're on a budget.  2 rolls, miso soup, salad, and edamame for $8.50. They have other combinations like this too, but this is the cheapest one, so it's my go-to! Ha笑
Love this place. I always get the combo plate for $9.50 which gives me what I always want: a sushi roll, teriyaki chicken (so yum here and such a big amount!), miso soup, salad and of course a good helping of rice. My husband usually gets all you can eat and has been pleased. Def my go to place.笑
Naka is a great man and his customer service is excellent. I love family owned places and him, his wife, employees make it worth coming back to.笑
3.5 stars for Naka Sushi

Pros
1. Not busy during lunch
2. Sushi chef EXTREMELY quick.
3. Rolls are pretty good.
4. Customer service was good with some singing and grunting from the chef. 

Cons
1. Nigiri quality wasn't up to par. Definitely not as fresh as other places and the salmon was very slimey and gooey. Yuck!
2. Not a huge selection of nigiri.
3. I would say 90% off the rolls contained spicy tuna...which I'm unable to eat right now so boo! 

Overall it's a decent sushi joint but I won't be making any special trips to this side of town to eat here.笑
As far as service 5 stars.  Everyone is really really nice, I love that.

I'm giving sushi 4 stars for now.  Most of the nigiri and rolls are on point, but some AYCE places tend to make rolls reallyyyy big and messy with rice going everywhere, and it happens here on some of the rolls.  But you know what, for $20 bucks, not sure I can really complain here.  But I recommend the tiger roll, simple and delectable, my goodness!  They do a good one here

Favorites are (as I mentioned earlier) the tiger roll and the paradise roll.  Those are a must and their house salad is one of the best I've ever had.  Homemade ginger dressing, can't go wrong with that.

So glad there is an AYCE in Summerlin!笑
All you can eat sushi can be very hit and miss, and this one was a great hit!!!! The fish was fresh, the rolls had a nice balance of fish and rice and the price was just right. Will be coming back here plenty :) lunch is 19.95 and dinner is 22.95 and it includes lots of yummy sides. As a plus for me, they kept my water glass full which is instant points for me.笑
BARGAIN ALERT:  This little sushi place has big lunch specials!  With a craving for some tempura, I tried Naka, which is right in my neighborhood. They offer $5.95 lunch specials, where customers can order two entree items (e.g. teriyaki, tempura, California Roll) and also get miso soup, rice, and a side salad:  that's a deal!  I decided to double up on the tempura shrimp and vegetables, so I ended up with 4 tempura shrimp and a lot of veggies.  I realize that it's a LOT of fried food, but sometimes you just have to give in to the boss (my stomach).  My boss also wanted strawberry mochi, so I got that, too.  All in all, with my iced tea, the meal cost me a whopping $9.67 (without tip).  Friendly, fast service, and cheap food near me means that I'll be back when the boss wants some Japanese in a jiffy!笑
First time to this place, amazed with their fresh and delicuous food! Will definitely home back!笑
Visited Naka again last night.  Been there many, many times, but haven't been for about three months.  While service and food was generally very fresh and tasty, there was a noticeable change,  they have done away with their specials, no more oysters, scallop, wasabi masago, habanero masago.  Also there was noticably more rice with each serving of everything. 

The serves and sushi chefs were very attentive as usual.笑
What a fun little AYCE sushi spot! Sit at the bar in the back, it's covered with Japanese toys and trinkets to play with and talk about. The menu is surprisingly vegetarian-friendly, with several standard and special veggie-only rolls!

But I came for real sushi. The nigiri was okay, everything seemed fresh enough. The list of rolls is extensive, and I appreciate that you can order half rolls if you want. The dishes and rolls were ordered were fine but nothing especially stood out- I typically avoid rolls with cream cheese but I would especially do so here, as they're heavy-handed with it.

The sushi chef who was helping us was nice and laid back, to the point that he forgot a couple of our rolls. I really liked the atmosphere here but I think they need to step up the sushi a bit.笑
We normally go to an AYCE place in spring valley that is awesome but 45 min wait is the norm there. We were crunched for time and luckily we wandered in here. Zero wait for table or bar, so we went for the bar. The chef is super friendly and everything we ordered fresh and delicious. 

I tried some rolls I'd not seen before - like the muscle buster that had crab and a dumpling inside the roll with spicy tuna and avacado on the outside. 

We will definitely come here again and bring out of town guests!!笑
This is probably my favorite sushi joint in Vegas. Their prices are a little cheaper than the competition. I absolutely love their rolls! The 007, Muscle Buster, and Maria rolls are my favorites. I also love that they have dessert options other than a teeny little mochi ball. They actually have tempura ice cream as part of the all you can eat price. It's one of the few places that doesn't skimp out on giving the cheapest and smallest dessert they can. 

The staff is good as well. I have never had any issues with them. The head chef is very funny and friendly. He seems to absolutely love what he does and his great attitude shines through!

The only key points to keep in mind is that the location isn't the prettiest. It's next to a Saver's and is pretty small so dinner time is busy. However, you won't wait more than 5-10 minutes for a table. It's a more hole in the wall place so probably wouldn't fit your needs if you're looking for a fancy place to take an important client to, lol. In my opinion, I love that they focus more on their food quality over making it a hip place. Although they did recently remodel. It's very clean just not a fancy shmancy place. 

It's always my go-to sushi spot!笑
I am addicted to this place. Very causal, and friendly.  Everyone is very attentive to make sure you are taken care of. The sushi chef is a cool man.like to joke around and make everyone feel at home. I seriously am at Naka sushi every week.  Perfect way to end my visit its with some green tea mochi. Highly recommended, the fish is fresh, staff is friendly, environment is chill. Perfect for families, and date nights.笑
Came for lunch today with a friend.  We both wanted at least 2 rolls and didn't want to go broke paying for them.  Quality was good. Service was a little slow.. there was only 1 waitress hopping between all of the tables, and they were all filled up by the time we were done eating.

We both had AYCE for $19 with an iced tea each.  With tax it came to $22.11.  I ordered a 911 roll, shrimp tempura roll and a spider roll.  All 3 were very good.  Wish I had saved money for tempura ice cream.  I'll be coming back for dinner which is $22 for AYCE with my husband one night in the future.笑
Good food and very friendly staff. Highly recommended. They have sashimi included for ayce.笑
High quality nice sushi. I had the madai from Japan. Very good deal. Quick and great service.笑
We went for the 1st time Monday night while staying at the JW. Good food, great service, terrific value. Our 9 year old loved the variety he could choose from. I liked there were a few non- rice options. 
We will visit again when in the area. 
Enjoy!笑
The sushi was really good. Tuna was very fresh. However my kids had the teriyaki chicken and it was raw in the middle. Not good everyone knows you can get sick from raw chicken. No one apologized  for the chicken and just kind of looked at it.笑
This es the best suchi place I ever been the fish was fresh the statt was súper friendly I deffiinnetly recomended

Thank you Naka笑
Came here recently because my other local sushi place closed early.  Wow, what a great little gem hidden away in the corner of a strip mall.  Check it out.笑
I HEART NAKA SUSHI...WITH EVERY FIBER OF MY STOMACH!! 

everyone is amazing especially Naka and all the other sushi chefs. Infact all the servers are amazing as well...I don't know I don't have a bad thing or anything bad to say PERIOD.  Its me and my boyfriends AYCE sushi spot since its in our neighborhood..and everytime we go they don't disappoint, its consistent and the price is right. All the rolls and sides are waaay worth the AYCE price. 

This is the place to be for delicious decent sushi and the best ASIAN customer service.笑
This place was so good, my husband was happy because he got toro and salmon belly!!! There was a wait for a table, no biggy! But, as soon as we ordered the food kept coming, we really didn't wait long. Perhaps, because we only eat nigiri not the Americanized stuff (creamy cheesy rolls, some call sushi). Shrimp tempura was sweet, I've never had sweet hot delish shrimp tempura. Sushi and service was great!! Will def be back!!笑
Venturing out and trying new AYCE spots in town! 

I am really anxious when trying new places, because very rarely does it surprise...in a good way at least.  But Naka does well!

Some highlights :

Great quality nigiri here!  They had very fresh Ahi, Sake, Fresh Sea Scallops and Hamachi.  I was surprised they had Anago on the AYCE menu, and it was pretty fresh.  The Uni was a bit watery in consistency but it still had a smooth flavor/finish.

Fresh Oysters....these were great! Love the ponzu like sauce and hot sauce combination!

Soft Shell Crab appetizer. This was a large crab, cooked well, and surprisingly meaty! Yum :)

Sashimi Salad. Lots of great tasting ahi with a tasty dressing and greens. 

Fried Jalapeno Popper...surprisingly spicy! Loved the spicy mayo concoction on top.

Service was fast and friendly.  I say if you are on this side of town, you should give it a go!笑
They had really fresh, good quality sushi at an amazing price of $24 for dinner. They offer something I've never seen apart of AYCE, Sashimi. They were pretty thick pieces too.笑
You can get sushi anywhere. What you can't get anywhere else is the awesome soundtrack to your sushi experience. Ask the chef about his playlist. It will make his day and make you a sushi tender for life笑
Stumbled on this place after dodging a terrible hibachi experience nearby. Ridiculously good deal for AYCE, especially given what's included - side sashimi plate of yellowtail, tuna & salmon; creative rolls (pictured had a gyoza in it!); fresh nigiri and oysters on the half shell; plus excellent service. $2 for a large hot sake - can't be beat! I'll definitely be back soon.笑
We stopped into the little gem of a place not knowing what to expect. It was a very friendly atmosphere, with very quick service. My husband ordered the 19.95 all you can eat for lunch, and really loved the Joni Joni roll. I wasn't too hungry, but for 13.95 I got soup, salad, and two special rolls of my choosing...which was a darn good deal in my mind!  The presentation wasn't all there, but the extremely fresh fish and veggies make up for all of that. The owner was making our rolls and you can tell he loves what he does and puts his heart into it. The rolls were perfectly made that day (can't speak for other days) and the service was really quick and the server we had was pretty patient while we absorbed the menu and all the offerings. 
We will definitely be coming back to Naka Sushi笑
Reasonable AYCE sushi...

As I was searching on Yelp for All you can eat sushi, this place popped up and since I never tried this spot out I said "Why Not." My bf and I hasn't had sushi in a while and since we were craving for it for months it seemed like a perfect time to go.

Naka Sushi was not a disappointment. It sure served us justice! The staff was on point with drinks and ordering sides. The sushi chef was very friendly as well. I looked at the menu and noticed that AYCE was $21.95 for dinner and $19.95 for lunch. Now that is not bad at all! 

The sushi was delicious and they had a lot of rolls to choose from. My favorite was the SSS roll...it was amazing! We also ordered some yellow tail, octopus, surf clam, and Cajun albacore. All delicious and not overloaded with rice. They also had $1 hot sake, I'm not a sake fan but that is not a bad price at all!笑
My husband and I just moved to this side of town and love this place already. Our waitress is funny and always friendly. As are the others. The sushi is good. Small place and neighborhood feel. We love it.笑
This is the best AYCE sushi place I've ever visited. Fish is high quality, service is great (owner Naka is always there and gives excellent fist-bumps!) Also a very large assortment of specialty house rolls that I am addicted to and cannot find anywhere else! I hope I never have to move away so I can always get my Naka fix!笑
This place had pretty good reviews.  But really wasn't what I expected after reading about this place.  The nigiri had way too much rice and the fish was way too small.  The service was good, but when you come for the food, it really doesn't make up for it.  My wife had the dinner and it looked more appetizing than my sushi!  I really liked the unagi which could have used a little more sauce on it but it was good.  The sashimi plate was also good but the beef tataki seemed like slivers of meat.  Wouldn't recommend the sushi but the dinner selections are numerous...笑
This is my new sushi place!

I recently moved to this side of town and based upon the solid Yelp reviews I gave this place a try.  I am so glad I did. The AYCE menu had so many rolls and I had a hard time deciding which ones to gorge on.  Every roll I tried was awesome.  I loved the soft shell crab and shrimp tempura rolls.  Perfect nigiri too!笑
3 Stars, the place was busy on a saturday afternoon, but I don't see it much better if it was tuesday at opening either.
The food is simple, the presentation is zero. It's not bad sushi and it's not great either. Yes, the server was not smiling, but I don't care if he does or not.
If you want to see a smiling clown, go to the circus. He was prompt in seating us, we waited just a few minutes, took our drink order and then on with the sushi in the All you can eat mode.
The first order of various rolls were good and as I said before it's just little round plastic like plates and no presentation points, not too overly sauced and was ok. We didn't get the small soy sauce dishes, but just put the sauce in the larger plate that had the wasabi and ginger on it. The sign on the wall said "Fresh Wasabi" $1, but the wasabi that came with the sushi was fresh as can be and had the punch to the nose zip! We started out with one server and then another one started to serve us, which was kind of odd, but it worked. The two guys are busy and if they hired just a single table busser they could take care of business much better. It's not a good thing when suddenly a plate drops down like a stone from heaven and you don't know what the item is, they are too busy to tell you. We actually had one roll fall on our table that we didn't know it was for someone else until we ate it. I'm like, "We didn't order this", but it was good so thanks to whoever didn't get it. LOL! I also order a few nigiri sushi (the small bites) and it took a while for it to arrive, I could see it was ready up at the sushi bar, but it sat for a few minutes. Then when it came the rice was noticeably warm which meant they didn't make enough during prep time because it should be cool to compliment the fish. 
The restaurant is tiny inside, but somehow they manage to seat everyone the best they can. Random signs on the walls with specials such as $1 sake and different beers. I had a Sapporo light and it was good, I guess they don't offer the giant godzilla size bottle like most places, but that is ok by me. I am in Summerlin and have a long drive back to Henderson so, no buzz is a good thing. My second drink was Asahi Zero which is a low carb and no alcohol "beer", it was cold and good with enough bubbles to satisfy like a coke, but with no sugar overload. The also offer a Mango soda in a bottle and it was good too.
The restaurant is located in or near Summerlin, but I will have to admit there was some skectchy looking people in that parking lot, but that is no fault of the restaurant. Probably just a product of their environment with a thrift store on one side and big lots on the other? Just saying.
Decent sushi option if you are in the Summerlin area, Rampart and Lake Mead. Lunch is $19.95 and dinner is a few bux more.
Mushay mushay! LOL.笑
Naka seems to be an average hole-in-the-wall style sushi place. You won't find anything amazing, and you won't find anything particularly wrong, either. I didn't find anything unique on the menu... it's a pretty standard run of the Las Vegas "funny roll names" you find everywhere, with a few chef's specials.

The all-you-can-eat and lunch specials are reasonably priced. It's supposed to be $21.95 for AYCE dinner, but somehow the check graduated to $27+.

Since my last review, I would say the wait staff has been getting worse. They are inattentive and seem grouchy about taking the AYCE orders... in fact, our table had to kind of flag them down aggressively.笑
I consider myself a sushi snob. I went into this restaurant with average expectation but came out with a five star review. The pricing was fair. The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. And the food was DELICIOUS! I have never seen so many sushi and roll choices for a price that won't leave you broke. This place will always b a sushi must when I am in Vegas.笑
$21.95 (dinner) for all you can eat, and they really mean it.   We sat at the sushi bar and got to order as many of their premium sushi rolls as we wanted which were freshly prepared.  The sushi chef continued asking all through dinner if we wanted something else.   We also got to order hot food directly from our waitress, who provided quick and excellent service.  Even dessert was included.  Wish we had a sushi place like this in San Diego.笑
Bomb deal with their all you can eat sushi. So many dishes and rolls to choose from for $22 bucks. Would definitely come back. Highly recommend their soft shell crab.笑
This is a convenient place for ayce in summerlin... Went to this place looking for a place near red rock. I sat at the bar and had a positive experience. 
The service was very good and attentive. Kept my drink full and kept my plate of ginger full.... They saw my plates empty and asked if I wanted anything else efficiently. They talked to me and had nice discussion. 
I really liked the fireball and the nitro hand roll... There are a few more I want to try so ill have to go back as I was too full. The rolls were good with really good combinations. They even said next time I can get different combos or make my own. And I can order half rolls! They gave me a side of eel sauce too! That is a good ayce place...
The only reason lost a star is they told me the above important info about making my own and half rolls after I was done! That would have changed what I ate as would have been able to try more. Their spicy tuna wasn't too spicy either and I like it with a kick!
I have a lot of sushi places to try but based on service, location and variety of rolls I would go back here....笑
The sushi is OK some days the rolls are falling apart other days they are great. Have had a few not so good rolls overall mediocre VERY cheap though. .When busy service is bad they only have 2 waitresses笑
Food is good fresh but the service is baaaaad..! Waiters too busy to explain you the menu笑
We came here on a whim based on yelp. It turned out to be excellent! The fish was delicious and it didn't taste like it was previously frozen. I loved that they do half rolls on almost all of them. They have soft shell crab and also they do shrimp heads if you're into that. I loved the la boxing roll and also the green tea tempura ice cream was great. The service was friendly and they kept up with the refills. Definitely going back!!!笑
So glad we found this place within our first two weeks of moving to Las Vegas. We've checked out a few different sushi spots - but this is most definitely moving into our regular rotation. 

You've got to get the combo - it's the obvious choice. You choose either two specialty rolls or two basic rolls and receive a ginger salad, miso soup and edamame all for $13!! This is incredible! The sushi is great - they also have an all-you-can-eat option which is freaking fantastic...and get this - $1 sake every day of the week. 

Not only is the food fantastic, but the service was superb!! I highly recommend Naka Sushi to any- and everyone!笑
Good qualities of nigiri here, I mean I like the rolls such as ( kara rolls, la boxing ) some of the raw fish rolls. Services were very great. Chef Gap is awesome ! and the owner Chef Naka is very friendly and greetings! Servers were good service such as Dao and another server japanese girls. I would highly recommand you to choose here than another sushi's places. Its too far from my house but I would rather drive 10 miles just for some good dinners. Btw prices were so cheap! 23.95$ ?! For all you can eat dinner ? That is not something to be missed!!!笑
Really enjoyed the sushi on Friday evening.  The All You Can Eat dinner is a great deal and the food was spectacular.   Tasted a lot fresher than some of the other places I have tried lately.  Will definitely be back for more!笑
Context: visited Vegas with family and coming from California's "AYCE Sushi", this beats it by a landslide. In Cali, the AYCE Sushi quality of fish is not good and cold, everything comes in slabs and there's really no selection. Every menu is the same as every other place. So here was so refreshing to have good quality fish, and a HUGE selection of items. And of course, only $21! Um, what?! 

Sushi: They have a huge selection of rolls and categorize the menu whether you want baked items, fried rolls, spicy rolls, raw fish rolls. There's so much to choose from! My dad, who can only eat baked and cooked food, had a huge selection from the cooked rolls. 

- Baked Salmon Roll: Soft and delicious! They fill it with baked salmon inside! Very flavorful.
- Salmon roll: Raw salmon inside and very fresh fish. They have a choice of putting different stuff inside your roll like asparagus or cucumbers, etc.
- Rainbow roll: This roll was super good! It was our first roll that came out and you could tell immediately the fish here is fresh and not stale and hard. It's a mix of all types of raw fish like albacore, salmon, tuna, etc.
- Cajun albacore sushi: Pretty good, a nice seared style and more spicy flavor
- Ikura (Salmon Egg): You have to already like Ikura to like it anywhere really. I'm not a huge fan, it's really salty but it's not really their fault, just felt like ordering it to try again.
- Salmon sushi: I love Salmon so this was super tasty and fresh
- Surf clam sushi: Not my favorite, but then again you've had to already like surf clam 
- Salmon skin salad: Yummy and delicious! A nice small portion so it's a small taste of it
- Miso Soup

They have a list of items, and you can choose only 1 item per person since they're specialty items! I absolutely loved this idea because at AYCE in Cali they don't even have this option! They have items like Uni Sushi, 6 pieces of sashimi, sweet shrimp, etc. Such a great deal.

- Soft shell tempura: Great item! Comes with a ponzu like sauce, so good!
- Fresh oysters: These were pretty good! Not the best compared to expensive freshwater ones but I'm happy since it's on the menu.
- Kama fish (Grilled Yellowtail): This was DELICIOUS. I'm surprised they even had this on the menu because at sushi restaurants it's about $12-$15 by itself! A must order

Dessert: They have a wide selection of dessert including Green tempura ice cream, banana tempura with ice cream, and a list of normal ice cream selection. I got the GT ice cream and it was tasty and amazing! 

Drinks: We tried this new mango soda and it was so good! (Additional charge) Very refreshing

Environment: I really liked this environment, it's a small restaurant so I wouldn't recommend a huge party. They have a bar and normal seating which I like. 

Service: Their service is a little bit slow because they had 2 huge parties, but we were sitting in front of the sushi chef so that was helpful because they took our order there. But everyone's really friendly and nice! 

So yes, I loved this place because of their wide selection, their choice of dessert, and overall was great.笑
typical ayce sushi joint. i got the typical order. yellowtail, tuna, eel, smelt roe, vegetable tempura, udon, and ice cream. i usually dont get rolls because its too much rice. the portions were good. the eel was very thin but tastey. some places the eel is meaty but dont have much taste except for the sauce. this one was pretty good. 

attentive service and clean.笑
Unfortunately, this place has become hit or miss for me. HOWEVER, when it's a hit, it's a home run! I keep coming back! I kove the intamite enviornment and that Naka himself is right there, making Sushi. The waitresses are a bit stand offish, but nice. Service, eh. Food, usually, A++++++++++ 

P.S. If you buy Naka a shot, he'll take it!笑
I was meeting up with my sister for lunch and was instructed to go ahead and get a table while I wait for my lunch date. Some forces were trying to stop me (a nose that won't stop bleeding) but this place is highly rated so I wanted to give it a try. But I was rather disappointed. The rice seemed like it's been sitting there for a while. Although the fish was fresh, it was a bit thinly sliced.

We did AYCE for $19/person and we tried tuna and salmon nigiri, Naka Roll, Tracy II, LA Boxing, salmon skin handroll, agedashi tofu, calamari tempura, chicken tempura and shrimp tempura. For dessert, we got banana tempura and plum wine ice cream.

LA Boxing Roll:
Tuna, shrimp, avocado with salmon and lemon on top and ponzu sauce on the side. 

Naka Roll:
Soft-shell crab, crunch topped with smelt egg.

Tracy II Roll:
Salmon, jalapeño, avocado with salmon and lemon on top. You might want to remove some of the jalapeños in this roll. 

Salmon Skin Handroll:
The salmon skin was not crispy like it should be.

Calamari Tempura, Chicken Tempura, Shrimp Tempura:
Nothing to write home about.

I'm not sure I'll come back here. So, they have sashimi, soft-shell crab, uni, poke salad as part of their dinner AYCE for $22/person - I'll probably just go somewhere else for that especially if the experience I've had with the rice wasn't all that great. I didn't see anything special/ unique about this place for it to have 4.5 stars.笑
been to many sushi places in vegas, and this one is definitely one of the best! marie is very accommodating, down to earth person knowing that she's one of the owners but she serves, take orders, take the dishes out, makes sure everyone is taken cared of. sushi wise, lots of varieties that u cant find in other sushi places. i recommend this sushi place! will definitely go back..笑
Amazing AYCE sushi place. It's small and when busy you'll either be waiting for a table or have to go to the sushi bar (personally I prefer tavles). But the staff is very quick, rolls are made quick, over all very fast service which I appreciate. I've done other AYCE sushi in Vegas and none have matched the speed of service this place offers. Also the sushi is great. Fresh ingredients, huge selection of rolls. Now it's my favorite sushi place in Vegas.笑
Hello fellow yelpers! Ive been meaning to do this for quite some time so please forgive me, lets jump right into it: Naka sushi is the best neighborhood sushi in the north summerlin area!!! Food is amazing!, Service in top notch! Naka san will never turn down a ochoko of sake...awesome!... all mixed in with a well balance family atmosphere, what more can you ask for ?! We patrons go out for great food at a reasonable price with a great atmosphere that makes us feel at home. Great job Naka's. Keep up the good work!笑
Bomb!!! One of the most horrible sushi place in vegas  terrible!!! too much rice on nigiri
Nigiri has too much sauces because its not fresh
I had sickness after i ate naka
Bad service 
More than 10 tables and one server, one sushi man
Have to wait more than 20 min to get your salad
Never come to table..you should yelled to call the server
Servers act like a king
They think Customers are just a money!
Do not go there plz. For yor health笑
This is a solid 4 starts because of the value.  It is not the best place I have eaten nor is it the cheapest but it is probably in my top three cheap good places on the planet.  If you are trying to impress someone who is cheap this is your place.  If you just want good food you don't have to pay through the nose for this is your place.  If you want fancy schmancy top of the line show plus art plus good food this is not your place.笑
Great prices and great sushi!! Can't go wrong. $1 sake and specials besides AYCE. It looks like a sketchy place from the outside but fear not, the fish is fresh!笑
Definitely one of my top 2 sushi bars in Vegas (I can't choose between it and Yama), and by far the best in the Summerlin area.  I've never done the AYCE because I am generally full on a couple of rolls, and these do not disappoint!  Plus I have a couple of times shown up and ordered to-go on the spot, and I've waited only like 15 min for a delicious meal to take home and get some work done with.  I really enjoy their dinner specials!  Edamame, soup, salad, and two rolls for between $10-15 (depending on the rolls)?! Yes, please!!  The sushi is so fresh and delicious, and the mochi is also yummy.  And when you eat rolls incorrectly, they don't laugh at you, but instead kindly come correct you :D Soon after discovering Naka, we ate it three times in one week.  Stop by, and if you live in Summerlin, make this your go-to sushi place!笑
Had a chance to do a weekend dinner here.  The atmosphere was nice and the decor was pretty standard for a sushi restaurant.  The service was quite excellent.  Our server made a couple suggestions that allowed us to get the items we wanted for the most efficient price.  The restaurant offers all you can eat options, dinner specials and individual options.

We had the japanese lasagna roll, baked green mussels, california roll, scallop roll with yum sauce, and a salmon/jalapeno/avacado roll.  The ingredients were fresh and well made.  The rolls were tight, but the hot sushi didn't keep its integrity.  I don't think it is fair to expect hot sushi rolls to stay super tight.  The appetizer miso soup and salad were good as well.  The pricing was quite fair for all dishes.

I would recommend people go here for great sushi and the great service.  I'm not sure where all the negative reviews come from.  I get that there are people who know more about sushi than me.  That being said, I cannot see calling this one of the most horrible sushi places in Las Vegas.  That just seems a little ridiculous.笑
They use Japanese wooden serving trays instead of plain plates. It really enhances the authenticity. They also have real Japanese people working there! The menu covers a lot of traditional Japanese food including some hard to find things like cold soba noodles. On the outside it looks like any of the other Japanese restaurants and even on the inside it looks normal and plain. But once you get your food and taste it, you'll see it's definitely an exception in the flood of Japanese and imitation Japanese restaurants in Vegas.笑
This my 2nd time here with my family. Came here last year for my niece's birthday and again this year because she likes it. Too bad I didnt review it last time because I enjoyed it then. We had good service and decent sushi for all you can eat. But unfortunately this time not so great. So I can only give it 3 stars. 

They werent as attentive this time with the service. It started out ok but then they kinda forgot about us. At one point we ordered several different rolls and it took so long that 1 of the servers asked if we had ordered anything. Then they also forgot to bring a couple things we ordered. Also never asked if my sister or I wanted another beer. I finished mine well before we left. 

Now here is where the worst part is, and Im kinda upset that we didnt say anything. My niece 1st discovered a hair on 1 of the sushi rolls but just took it off and threw it on the ground but I had a piece and actually had a strand of hair stuck in my throat! So didnt eat much after that.笑
What can I say this place was amazing... The owners Marie and her husband are so sweet... Waiters are so nice and so friendly, we looved this place, the food was amazing and fresh tasting.. We had L.A boxing roll yummy this was fresh, lasagna roll yummy with yum yum sauce and cream cheese, tuna roll, and so much more the Poki was amazing.
 We laughed with the staff and they told us how they came about opening and working for Naka Sushi. We made a reservation so they had a reserved table for us thank GOD the place was packed, make sure you male a reservation especially anytime after 6pm. The only down side was they were out of fresh oysters but who cares the place was so awesome we will defiantly be going back sooner than soon.. They were so kind to our baby girl, they even gave her some special cookies... The staff was so sweet I been saw the waiter Nick assist an elderly couple out of there booth... We loved Naka Sushi : ) the staff made the whole experience even better. 

Price for all you can eat is so reasonable lunch is around $18 and dinner was $21 per person.

Thanks Jen笑
If I could give this a - 5 stars I would. We went to this place in high hopes. First of all they are the only place we have been to for ayce that would charge more than a dollar or two for a two year old for sushi. Most are free since they don't really eat more than a few things. They were going to charge 9.95 but after only eating a couple things and the roll taking an hour to make they didn't charge. The rolls do not taste good. We first ordered nigiri. The tuna and salmon were cut very irregularly and uneven. The rice was loosely rolled and did not hold together. This was the highlight of the meal. We next tried some of their rolls. Once again the rolls were loosely rolled and all of the rice fell off before being picked up. The rolls were overly sauced. I was unable to distinguish a mango sauce from the eel sauce (except the color of the sauce). All of the rolls we tried seemed to be overly sweet or super spicy. Their yum yum sauce seemed to be nothing more than mayonnaise. Also we had to send a couple pieces back because the fish had discoloration and we didn't want to eat it. We finally opted to leave before having dessert because we felt it was not worth it at all.笑
disgusting. how did this place even get such high ratings??? 

service was not that great and friendly either.笑
Great sushi, you can do all you can eat or order ala carte. All you can eat includes side orders like tempura, soup, yakisoba and dessert. My family's been coming her for a couple of years now.  Great  service and atmosphere. Love this place!!!!笑
We come here everytime we're in Vegas.  Aside from the sushi their dinners are actually quite good.  I've had their udon which is very good and their combo meals which are also very good.  AYCE Sushi is very popular here and the variety is quite extensive, the quality is pretty good.  Service is pretty attentive considering how busy they get.  Yes, I'll be back!笑
I've been going here since it opened. Never had a bad experience. Naka and his family are great people and really go out of their way to make you feel at home. I usually come here at least every month if not more often. AYCE here is the best value in the city. Great local's spot and suggest anyone to come and become a regular here.笑
Awesome sushi, staff is always super welcoming and friendly. Can't go wrong with naka! Make sure to take a trip down here and you won't be disappointed!笑
Go to the bar and ask for Justin.  Fresh sushi and good atmosphere with friendly staff笑
Great little sushi place in Summerlin.

There is an all you can eat menu for lunch & dinner. $18-$21. Plates on their own are around $5. 

Great variety sushi available to choose from teriyaki chicken to eel & seafood sushi's. 

Japanese beer, miso soup, desserts available.笑
I would give this place zero stars if I could. They have horrible customer service - my husband and I came to try this place; we were really looking forward to it based on the reviews. Well, as soon as we arrived, they attempted to seat us and asked if we were doing the AYCE. We said yes, and asked about the prices. The waitress said it was $22/person, but it would be an additional $9.99 for our two year old to join us. (Which is the same price as an eight year old.)  WTH? You're gonna charge $9.99 for a two year old when kids this young are usually free? Toddlers hardly eat anything and mine sure as hell doesn't eat seafood. You've gotta be kidding me. The waitress just kept pointing to the menu and repeating, "$9.99" If that's how your restaurant makes your money, you're doing something wrong. PASS ON THIS SCAMMY PLACE!笑
I'm not much of an AYCE sushi person and neither is my family so when we feel like eating Japanese, this is our go to place because of the bento boxes they offer. 

I'm a fan of their teriyaki dishes. If I feel like I need to order something on the healthier side, I would get the teriyaki chicken with brown rice. Today, I ordered the bento for more taste options. Their chicken katsu potion was a little small but since i had a lot of other dishes on my plate, I understood. Super crunchy though! Shrimp tempura was cooked to perfection. The Alaskan Roll wasn't all that impressive but I didn't expect it to be being that it was in the "regular roll" section and not one of their "special rolls".

As for the service, the waitresses were moving as quickly as they could but the sushi chef did yell at them multiple times to move faster. Not sure what was up with that but I thought it was kinda rude of him. Overall always satisfied with their food and service. Will always be back.

Also, I wish this place was a little bigger. I feel like every time we come, there's never any seats for a party of 6. We always have to wait.笑
recently visited family in vegas and had the pleasure of grubbin' on some naka-ness.  food is off the chain.  eat here, you won't be disappointed!  i'll most definitely be back when i hit vegas again :) thank you naka!笑
The service is not very good. We had a server that barely looked at us when we spoke to her, she did not smile and we practically had to flag her down each time for water or extra napkins. 
We went in with the family and it was so crowded. Like claustrophobic crowded. There was a seat right in front of the door. The flow of the place wasn't right.
The food was so bland. The fresh oysters tasted like oysters without the saltiness of the sea, soaked in tap water. The sashimi was tasteless. The tempura items were battered in a thick batter with barely any tempura sauce on the side. 
The Spider roll was soaked in a sweet sauce. My b.f. noticed they didn't prepare the rice with rice vinegar and the rice with the nigiri was hot. Hot rice in nigiri!!! What?!! 
Anyway, I wouldn't come back, even if you paid me.笑
So far one of the best sushi places out here. Fish is super fresh, sushi rice is cooked perfectly and staff is super attentive. I would recommend to anyone!! And for $22 for dinner, all you can eat.笑
When the sushi monster hits, all you can eat sushi seems to be the only thought in our minds. Lucky for us, we live close to a huge selection of AYCE sushi restaurants. In order to narrow it down, I phoned around checking AYCE prices and Naka was the only one that had a great affordable dinner price - $21.95. The other places were asking about $24 and up. 

This place is a legit Japanese owned and run establishment (The chefs, all of the waitresses, and a lot of locals at the bar were Japanese). This place is a local gem and I'm so glad we came here. Great price for AYCE sushi, a nice big selection, the fish was super fresh and tasty, the fish to rice ratio wasn't too bad, and the service was great! 

Let's talk about what we ordered:

Sashimi plate (1 per person) - the sashimi was fresh and sweet. We got salmon, yellow tail, and tuna. 5/5

Salmon - my first love, they are sweet and buttery 5/5

White tuna - not bad, just not my favorite 4/5

Albacore - great firm texture and sweetness 5/5

Halibut - very fresh and sweet and melts in your mouth 5/5

Yellow tail - super sweet, buttery and fresh 5/5

Unagi - not bad, just not my favorite 4/5

Ama ebi - (1 per person) we loved that they offer sweet shrimp in the all you can eat meal, yet, it was ok, the sweet shrimp was small and a little different than what we're used to - maybe it wasn't as fresh? We loved the fried heads though. It was fried to perfection! 3/5

Uni - (1 per person) my boyfriend loved it, he said it was very sweet, very fresh, and very good uni. 5/5

Tamago - I loved it! It was homemade and tasted like it was made with love. 5/5

Miso soup x 3 - the miso soup here is so good. They came out at the perfect hot temperature. Nice bits of tofu and seaweed. Great miso flavor but not too salty. This is how a miso soup should taste! 5/5

2 different rolls (Mark and Kara) - the rolls weren't bad, simple and filling. I probably would just stick to nigiri next time. 3/5

Baked mussels (2) - very simple and not impressive, I would skip it next time. 2/5

Fried tempura jalapeños - they were hot and crispy - not spicy at all - but we enjoyed them. 5/5

Beef wrapped asparagus - these were in a teriyaki sauce, the beef was super tender and flavorful. I loved these! I could eat 5 more plates. 5/5

Strawberry Mochi - (1 sliced in half) typical boxed mochi ice cream, but it was yummy and a great palate cleanser! 5/5

Green tea ice cream - nice green tea flavor and we both loved how it wasn't too sweet. 5/5

This is a perfect option for the budget conscious AYCE connoisseur, but I have become obsessed with Sakana lately so you might catch me over there AYCE'ing it up.笑
We have found the place about a year ago. It has great service, good selection of menu, big portion, and very reasonable.  There are other Japanese restaurants which have better taste or prettier decor, but overall this place give me more than other place offer. We keep going back. If you go there for lunch, it is cheaper  and fill you up more than Asian fast food restaurants.笑
Thought I would try this place because of pics and a lot of previous reviews. The quality of the food was good but service could have been much better. The rice portions were huge compared to the pieces of fish on top. One of the servers kept misunderstanding everything we said or ordered. Also during our dinner, the owner asked us if he can scoot our table further down to make more space for other guests. Super disappointed and will not be back. Oh and they have only one high chair and one booster seat, but they state the place is good for kids.笑
I love this place!  The place is named after the owner and sushi chef Naka.  He is so friendly every time I go.  I am always greeted right away and always have great service.   The food is delicious and the menu varied.  I have never had bad service or a bad meal here.  The prices are reasonable: I always get a roll which also comes with miso soup and salad for less than $10.  I came here on a whim one day on my lunch break and I am so glad I did.  This is a wonderful restaurant with a nice environment and free wifi for guests.笑
I love this place. I came here thanks to Rob whose a regular. Naka is the most friendliest chef I know and everybody is smiling. All the dishes are very good and the all you can eat deal is awesome especially combined with the $1 Sake which Naka also likes.

I wish there was a place like this in Belgium! I know that they'll see me every time i'm in Vegas笑
Naka has been killing the sushi game !! This place is always amazing when me and my wife go nigiri is perfect not a lot of rice and his rolls are amazing we've been going for about two years so they know us and what we want笑
For the price paid for AYCE I can't complain. They were out of a couple of items that were on their daily special menu but whatever. Sushi was good and its close to home so I can't complain. There was one male server there not sure what his name was but he is very rude and has no personality. I'm not sure if there's a language barrier there, but you have to repeat everything you order at least two or three times and he gives you this look like you're stupid. Other than that I will definitely be going back. Hopefully the next time we will get a different server or we will just sit at the sushi bar.笑
I love Naka Sushi. The ambiance is a casual.. almost diner feel, with the orange walls and the cheery music playing on the radio. The music ranges from Bob Marley to Japanese traditional, whatever Naka's into that day I guess. The price is super cheap for AYCE, and they have lots of great specials for those not interested in AYCE. Oh, and they have dollar Sake. Not my thing, but worth mentioning. 
The owner and his wife are super sweet and attentive. If Naka sees you looking around for someone he will come immediately himself if he thinks you'll have to wait. 
The fish is not the absolute best in town, but it's fresh and tasty. The rolls are all pretty standard. If you're getting dinner pretty much everything is available for AYCE. I'm particularly fond of the DMV and the This is How I Roll roll.笑
The AYCE menu is honestly the best in the city for the price. My family and I come here for Friday night dinner at least once a month. 

It's PACKED on Friday nights but I've never felt like the service was busy. Our food comes out in a timely manner. 

The only all you can eat where they serve a sashimi order - 2 yellowtail, 2 tuna, 2 salmon. 
Honestly, I think that makes it worth it. 

If you're on the west side, I think this is as good as it gets.笑
Probably the best sushi place with the best prices....The chef (usual) is really nice with great attitude...Food is fresh, floors could be cleaner, bathroom little dirty...Nice quaint place with good atmosphere...Bento box's are fantastic!笑
I am here at least once a week! I believe it is a little family owned place and I like it. 
I have to say my only gripe is some of the rolls for the price could be better. The Mr. O and Mr. I roll are not overly tasty for the price. 
I had one last week that I wasn't thrilled with, but I will try all the rolls on the menu just because I am that person. 
The sushi chef is use to seeing my boyfriend and I now as he said last time I was leaving "see you tomorrow" HA. a comedian and sushi chef. 
The all you can eat is great, the price is good, and THEY HAVE 1.00 SAKE!!!
I'll be back there probably today is my palate is feeling it. YUM SUSHI!!笑
Great sushi, great staff and great prices on all you can eat! Very authentic Japanese food.笑
$18.95 for AYCE lunch?! WINNING! My tummy, as well as my brother's & daughter's tummy, left happy after eating here.

Service: Pretty good. Water and food were brought out right away, and the waitress was super nice. Whatever we needed, she brought it right out for us. Chef Naka (also owner of the establishment) is suuuper nice! You can find him behind the sushi bar and always with a smile on his face. 

Food: Food was pretty yummy. The nigiri had wasabi in it which I absolutely LOVE. You know you're at a Japanese-run sushi restaurant when there's wasabi in the nigiri! Mmm, mmm good. Nigiri fish slices were just alright. They were good and fresh, but I wish the size was a bit bigger. The nori/seaweed for the rolls were a bit rubbery though, but other than that all of the rolls that we tried were very delish! It wasn't overwhelmed with too much sauce. Though I wish it was packed a little bit tighter and the seaweed would be less rubbery, haha.

Price: Price is VERY cheap compared to all of the AYCE restaurants I've been to. Food isn't bad at all if you were to compare to the price. Fish is FRESH! One thing I don't like is that it's $9 for children under 8. I wish they made it where kids under 3 are free because my 3 year old doesn't eat much at all.

Other than that, this place is great! I would definitely come here again!笑
The prices here are great. I had a sushi combo, 2 special rolls, edamame, salad and miso soup for $14. Each roll was 8 pieces. I had the Santa Maria and the 911, both were very delicious. They were a bit heavy on the rice and I would would have been bummed if I had ordered AYCE. I would recommend this place if you live in the neighborhood and don't feel like driving far for any easy, yummy meal.笑
I was very excited to try this place out! I mean, $19.95?! For ALL YOU CAN EAT?! It's the best deal  I've come across so far in the Valley. Naka is located in a "feels like it's old or run down" shopping center. When entering there's a light fishy smell, but you quickly get used to it. Your eyes take a moment to adjust because they keep the seating area dark.

To give some background, I am no rookie to the AYCE sushi game. I can hold it down, and have impressed many a person with my skills. I let the game down today. I can't be blamed though, and you'll understand.

My boyfriend and I sat ourselves in a booth and studied their menu. We came during lunch which had a good and steady crowd. After 10 min passed, we realized that they take longer than what we're used to make a roll. When we finally got our first rolls, it was to our dismay to see the amount of rice used. Don't get me wrong, I love rice, just not in the proportion that it was to the rest of the food in every roll. That tiny detail was what made us tap out after 3-4 rolls each.

The "Muscle Blaster" was a favorite of ours because we love gyoza. This roll had 5 pieces of a gyoza  in each. "The Brian" roll was so different. The banana was a refreshing taste for your palette. Once the banana is gone it gets kind of bland except for the little kick at the end from the jalapeno. Today the fish wasn't the freshest. The staff was attentive though. The choice in music was interesting. It was a mix different types. They do have a separate menu for regular dining, but I didn't take a look. For those of us familiar with the China town area here in Vegas, this place reminds me of Ichiza, but with more sushi options. It was disappointing, but it was for $20.笑
Yummy yummy yummy! 
This place is comfortable, clean, affordable, and has wonderful sushi! 
the owners are so nice and there pretty much everyday! I have been coming here since a few months after they opened and have always been greeted warmly and served promply. When I lived closer, I would come about 3 times a month but now its about once a month. The prices they have are the best of what i've seen. This is definitely my favorite sushi spot. The only thing i have experienced that is a bit of a let-down is that the two lady waitresses that were hired within the last 6 months are a hit or miss when it comes to service. You could get someone who is happy and prompt in taking your order or someone who looks a bit unhappy to be there. I enjoy the naka roll, spider roll, nirto hand roll, L.A boxing roll, and the mochi is yummy too- but then again, everything i have tried has been :)笑
After my daily gym session it was my fish diet day and I was looking for an all you can eat (AYCE) sushi spot.  I turned on my Yelp app and found a place that just recently opened with no reviews yet.  A new spot wants to impress so it has to be good right?  That's why we're here to find out while getting our fish diet on!  I came here but I was only really looking to order nothing but 20-25 orders of nigiri.

You really can't beat their $21 all you can eat dinner price, most places it ranges from $24-$26.  Lunch was $18 and that's what I had.  I sat at the bar because I wanted my sushi fix fast!  My first order was 3 tuna, 2 salmon, 1 white tuna, 1 fresh eel, (NO TORO), (Out of Uni).

The sushi chef was actually "Naka"mura, the owner!  How awesome was that??  His wife was working the front desk area.  Naka was sociable and enjoys what he does.

He gave me the tuna and salmon order first and waited until I was almost done to prepare the rest, I downed those quickly.  If I order a bunch, it's because I can eat it in one setting.  

I hate waiting or watching my sushi orders wait on the counter.  And I'll sometimes secretly wish that it's someone elses order that is sitting just waiting there.

While I was eating though, he was persistent on me trying some of their special rolls.  I wasn't interested but I did find out that they do half rolls.  Looking over the menu, none of the rolls really jumped out at me.  For the sake of an honest review I ordered 3 rolls, the first being a mountain roll, second is the naka roll, and finally a scallop roll.  They were all okay but nothing outstanding.  I need to find some sweeter rolls, deep fried rolls, or chefs recommended roll.  

All nigiri comes with a dab of wasabi underneath.  Chef Naka was surprised that I didn't use soy sauce for any of my sushi roll or nigiri, and he was extra surprised that I applied extra wasabi on all my orders.  

They have a facebook page where they'll ask if they can take your picture to promote their shop, I participated.  :D   Definitely give this sushi spot a try, it's not the best, it's not bad, it's good and convenient if you need your sushi fix in the area.

I tried their banana split dessert, I posted a pic on here and the banana is deep fried with ice cream and whip cream.  It was good but I wanted to try more than I needed.  Happy eating Sun City!笑
Today was again excellent ! AYCE for two : Dream roll , Kelly's roll, Christmas roll, Brian's roll,  Kara roll and Nacho roll , multiple orders of shrimp and vegetable tempura , and banana tempura green tea ice cream!  This place never disappoints us ! The owner is so gracious!笑
I came here back when Yelp had Naka at 4.5 stars and I must say that I was extremely disappointed. The nigiri had too much rice and the rolls weren't that great. Not to mention there was only one server/waiter taking care of all the tables. Since I don't want to be a total downer I will say that the quality of fish wasn't bad. 

There are many better ayce sushi places in Vegas, don't waste your time and money coming here!笑
Excellent sushi.  I especially enjoyed the Mr. O Roll.  The chef Mr. Nakamura is very friendly and made me 6 half rolls faster than any other chef I've seen.  The place was packed for lunch and I never had time to get hungry between rolls.    The spicy mayo was delicious and much thinner than it usually seems at other restaurants (which is a good thing as it might be less fattening).  They do not stuff all of the rolls on the all you can eat with crab mix or imitation crab like other restaurants do.  If there was something I would add it would be rolls with garlic ponzu like they serve at The Sushi across the street.  The fried banana dessert was awesome.  I will be back.笑
Never coming here again! Ordered food to go and there was a long piece of hair that came out of my spider roll! DISGUSTING! And the staff was so rude!笑
I'm sorry to say, worst sushi I've had in Las Vegas, even for a AYCE sushi.  I'm not expecting high end sushi at a AYCE, but most fish was tasteless and some of the nigiri I couldn't even eat, it didn't look fresh, and too much rice.  It was a Sunday though, not the best night for fish, but overall disappointing experience, not worth a second chance.笑
This is my go-to local AYCE sushi place. Mr. Naka and his staff are so friendly! For $22 + tax and tip, you can enjoy some tasty sushi, rolls, appetizers, and dessert. I prefer sitting at the bar, but the dining tables a nice when I'm with a larger group. Don't forget to try the plum wine ice cream!笑
This was my first time here and everything was wonderful! The sushi and oysters were fresh; however, I probably wouldn't order the uni again..it wasn't bad but not the best (my personal preference). I loved the Brian roll! It was well balanced between sweet and spicy..who would of thought deep fried bananas with imitation crab, jalapeños, and eel sauce. Yum!笑
I love sushi l went to naka sushi and I got the la boxing and the dream roll, lupio roll and some gyoza and shrimp tempura and for drink water and that is a good idea .笑
I love going to Naka sushi, the food is great  and the atmosphere is wonderful. Everyone is always so friendly and nice!!笑
I've been going back to Naka Sushi ever since I first discovered it 3 months ago.  Naka and his staff are awesome and friendly, and I'd feel guilty if I went to another sushi shop since they are so nice.  They have a bunch of items that are "1 per person" but Naka always bends the rules and hands me plate after plate of these items.  I sit down and he hands me a plate of sashimi, and later in the meal I always end up with an order of sweet shrimp and toro.  I'm not sure how liberal he is with people he doesn't know, so it might pay to be a regular.

I was telling Naka how my favorite scotch is Japanese (Yamazaki), and he said he never tried it.  So I picked up a bottle from Total Wine and went in with some friends last night.  All the staff was drinking with us, as well as the $1 sake, and we had a blast.  We learned how to say more in Japanese as we were all yelling "Moto Yamazaki!!!"  Funnest experience in an AYCE sushi joint ever.

I'm heading out of town for a month and a half and I sure am going to miss this joint!  

P.S. - If you go, ask to try their peanut butter mochi (WARNING: they may be out of it)笑
So much for my previous positive experiences. I stopped by this evening, and sadly, the staff no longer greets you with a perky "irashaimase".  The waitress looked annoyed, and couldn't be bothered to bring me a menu or take my order, so I went somewhere else.笑
Service is just ok. Not the best, not the worst either. The sushi is really good.
All the tuna rolls were great. $18.95 for AYCE lunch is a good price. Would recommend if you are looking to try somewhere new.笑
As a Vegas local, I try to avoid the strip & it's over-the-top restaurants with expensive menus. When comparing the local sushi restaurants on the west side of town and their AYCE quality/prices, Naka is by far the best. It's $21 for AYCE dinner, which most other places charge at least $25+, and the quality is amazing!! It's some of the best sushi I've ever had and the atmosphere is so nice. It's kind of like every server is your server, so whenever anyone sees that your table is empty or your glass needs refilling they will come over. It's pretty efficient despite sounding confusing. And it's ALWAYS packed! In my opinion, if you have to wait for a table at a sushi restaurant where there are tons of local regulars and a packed bar, you know that this place is worth giving a shot. There are a lot of items on the menu that I haven't tried, I generally stick to the individual sushi and a few rolls. But I have always had a good experience and plan on coming back often.笑
Naka (named after the owner and primary sushi chef) never fails to disappoint. For those that dont' know, most of the employees here are transplants from Sushi Factory in Henderson (which shut down over a year ago)

They always have the freshest fish and the staff is very helpful and will serve you "surprises" for you to try. Just to put this in perspective, once Naka and Aki moved from Sushi Factory, it was hard for me to eat at any other sushi place because the quality and service just couldn't match Naka and Aki's

The best things my family usually orders are:
(1) Saba (Mackerel) (I'm known as Mr. Saba there cause most people don't order it but I order a TON of it)
(2) Naka special hand roll (rice, spicy tune, crab, etc.)
(3) Udon noodle Soup (amazing broth and huge noodles! my daughter literlly DRINKS the broth)
(4) Sheryl roll (a more dessert like hot roll with cream cheese and crab)
(5) Super white tuna
(6) cajun albacore
(7) nitro roll (a spicy roll)
(8) Tamago (cold sweet egg tastes like dessert... this is homemade and the BEST)

this place is about $5 cheaper than most other AYCE restaurants. If you go there, thell them "Mr. Saba" sent you! :)笑
A very good place for dinner with friends. Great atmosphere, very good food and reasonable prices. Definitely one of our default go-to locations.笑
Compared to other AYCE this is the cheapest in town. Last time I went, the service wasn't that good. Server seemed to be in a bad mood and didn't get checked up on much. But, the sushi and selection is good for the price, that's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 3. Will be coming back to this place again but I sure hope the service will be better!笑
Awesome place that I randomly stumbled in on while looking for another AYCE place. The lunch and dinner prices are cheap and service is top notch. It's a small location in the corner of a strip mall but totally worth you checking out. Turns out it is run by the same guy who used to run Sushi Factory on S. Eastern which I used to go to regularly. 

The rolls are solid and the sashimi as well. I really wish this place wasn't so far from my house but alas, when I am in the area, I will definitely make it a point to stop by.笑
Today is my second time here with my girlfriend and bestfriend. so far we walked in and were not greeted. Our server today doesn't seem happy, seems more irritated to serve us because we are young or something. As she was taking our order she was rushing us as we took our time to order because there is alot of good sushi on the menu. Giving is our drink we said "thank you" to be polite, but we didn't get a "your welcome". We got our food in a good amount of time. it's been 5 min since we been done with our food and the waitress still has come by to ask if we still want anything else! WHAT KIND OF SERVICE IS THIS! Customer service isn't this place strong point honestly, their food is great though so definitely worth it.  I would recommend people to come here if they don't mind the little things I pointed out. I'm just speaking the truth.  Lunch all you can eat $18.95 a person and dinner $21.95 a person. by far cheaper than most ayce sushi place I've been to.笑
Came here because I keep seeing the advertisement for AYCE sushi whenever I go to Smith's. Figured I give it a try especially since my last name is "Naka". Overall the service is good but could be a bit faster. There was a moment when I looked around and saw the servers all standing around. Could've been because they're waiting for the sushi makers to make their orders. Food was good, fish was fresh. Lots to order from. Really can't go wrong especially since it was only $22.95 for AYCE Dinner. I just hope they're still in business after all of the sushi that my friends and I consumed.笑
This place is awesome.  $13.95 for two specialty rolls, salad, miso soup, and edamame?  Can't beat that anywhere and the sushi was fantastic.  Had the 911 roll and the Caterpillar roll.  Glad this place is around the corner, it might be my new lunch spot.  Good stuff.笑
First time coming to this place. Nice and cozy with a reasonable price for all you can eat lunch. But, if you are going to do sushi, do sushi. For example, Nacho Roll with salmon and avocado, rolled with rice, jalapeño  and cilantro. Garnished with a spicy sauce. Not a fan of this creation, just a tomato base hot sauce roll with no other flavor. And then, you have the Tokyo Blaze roll. After eating this, I felt like licking my own hole to get the flavor off my tounge. Would I come back, that depends on if I was stoned enough to forget about the flavors.笑
This place here is off the hook. One dollar sake..... For real .... Food is Incredible Tasting ....   Yummy Yum yummy笑
You can't go wrong with sushi! Very yummy sushi, especially the original ones. The service could be quicker, perhaps hiring extra help as this place seems to get busy often, more than 2 waitresses is needed.笑
We came in on a cold Wednesday night.  It was quite crowded.   We could have sat at a table reserved for others later but, had to be finished by a certain time.  We decided to wait for another table to open up, though I guess we could have sat at the sushi counter too.  Noticed others coming in for take out to avoid this problem.

 I got a beef sukiyaki dinner and my husband got the tempura/teriyaki combo.  My sukiyaki hit the spot.  I thought the broth was tasty and it had a good portion of beef in it too.  My husband said there was a a lot of food in his combo and thought everything was delicious.  We were both stuffed and had no room for dessert.  My dinner came with soup, salad, and rice as did my husband's so it was a very good value.  
 
 Noticed a review complaining about the service but we had no problem. The staff brought our food promptly,  asked if everything was okay and seemed friendly enough to me.  We noticed there were a lot of families with children who came to the restaurant and the staff seemed very accommodating.笑
Awful sushi! Not friendly at all. The waitress had such a bad attitude. Never again. Not even for free!!!!!!笑
Japanese cuisine, love the Teshuko,  chicken teriyaki, salmon teriyaki and several different fresh sashimi sushi's.   I love teshoku's.  You get to try a little of everything.  I had the chicken n  shrimp tempura w/fresh ahi sushi.  They give a lot of food so, go hungry.笑
Awesome sushi. Their hot rolls with the yum yum sauce are pretty yum yum. Also you have to try their salmon necks I forget what they called them.笑
Been going here on a regular basis. I like this place. They do have AYCE sushi here, but I'm always more interested on the food more than the sushi. 

The food here is good, tasty and worth the price. 
The environment here is good. The waitress is good at taking care of you.笑
Naka wins the value crown for Japanese lunch specials, hands-down. $5.95 for a 2-item lunch combo is ridonkulously cheap. Unfortunately, the quality leaves much to be desired.

We've visited for lunch on 2 occasions and tried various choices including veggie tempura, tonkatsu, chicken katsu, sashimi, and California and spicy tuna rolls. While the katsu items are decent and generously sized, they are a bit on the oily and soggy side. The tempura batter is too thick and more like a beer batter than actual tempura. The sashimi and rolls were disappointing. The freshness and quality of the fish was mediocre. The lunch combos also come with a decent miso soup and salad.

Service was a bit slow and our server seemed a bit confused and disengaged. Both times, it was not that busy, but it took awhile to get drink refills and our check.

The food rates about 2-2.5 stars, but we'll round up to 3 stars because of the inexpensive value. Will we return? Probably not. We'd rather spend a bit more for better quality.笑
Just found out about this place last night, and thanks to the Yelp reviews for making me try it!  Everyone was super friendly, sushi is delicious and fresh, and the mango ice cream was the perfect dessert.   I can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner.

Favorites:  
* They have SASHIMI!  One order per person, and it's tuna, yellowtail, and salmon, but it was fantastic!
*Mango Ice Cream
*TED roll - it was so big it was difficult to eat, but the flavors were incredible
*They do half rolls, even at the tables!  So much nicer to try a big variety of food
*Can't beat the price, $21.95 for AYCE dinner?  Awesome.

A little meh:
*They used a LOT of wasabi on the nigiri to hold the fish to the rice.  It was actually a bit overwhelming (and scary at first, since it made the yellowtail look like it had a green spot on it)

Come to think of it, that (above) is my only complaint on the evening.  I'm a huge fan, will definitely be back, so glad to have found a great AYCE sushi close by!笑
Our first time dining there was Christmas Eve of last year. Since then, we dine-in on a weekly basis. Sometimes I even order to go on my way to work. Can't go wrong with the $5.95 lunch specials. 

Love it!笑
Still some of the best sushi in town even though they raised the price.  $19.95 for Lunch and $22.95 for dinner.  Still worth every penny.  What I like best about this place is that they have more than just Tuna, Salmon and Yellowtail.  They have toro, sweet shrimp, aji, oysters, tataki, fresh scallop, and plenty more.  I like variety in my sushi.笑
I love this place. Always nice, close to home, great service, awesome rolls and the AYCE is cheaper here than anywhere else. My new go to sushi spoy.笑
Ok, I am a bit of a raw fish fan and like to think I know the good places in town to find said raw fish. I feel more confident with this self proclaimed title now that I have come to Naka Sushi. 

What makes Naka stand out in my oh so worth while opinion is the price to quality ratio going on over here. at 21 dollars or less for either lunch or dinner AYCE your making yourself look really good. Add to those looks great tasting fish and roll varieties and your making friends. This place is small and easily missed off of Rampart and Lake mead, but when you find it I recommend stopping in for a try. You may find me here again, stuffing my face with copious amount of Unagi covered rice.笑
I can't tell you enough about how great this place is. The chefs know me and my order. They go above and beyond. Chefu Nakamura-san went out of his way to make me a sample of okonomiyaki in preparation for my trip to Japan. Lupin-san knows his way around the sushi bar and never dissapoints. The sushi is always fresh, they make their own Ponzu, and they are always getting new Japanese items in. If your coming mid lunch or dinner be prepared to wait for a table.笑
Been here before so many time s but every time I write a review it get erased. So like always great food and great service. Today was super busy but still superb service. Keep the great work.笑
Major disappointment. Was hoping the all-you-can-eat would be good enough to pull me away from my favorite in town (Goyemon, which is far from me and has declined a bit in quality lately) but Naka falls short. The fish is reasonably fresh and portions are good for nigiri but the amount of rice is too large, disproportionate to the fish and too glutinous with the grains lacking separation. For sushi, the rice quality is paramount, something that is lost in many sushi places in the US. Sloppy presentation and a lack of refinement. Number of choices for nigiri is also limited compared to other places. Won't be back and better to pay more at another sushi joint.笑
AYCE Sushi for about $21? Really, you can't beat that. The prices here are some of the lowest in town for AYCE. Naturally, that enticed me to want to give Naka Sushi a try.

The restaurant can be considered a hole in the wall spot. Its location is one of the last places I'd ever guess a sushi restaurant existed. Its desolate strip mall location it shares with a Big Lots and Chase threw me off. Naka's a small restaurant that seems to fill up fast, especially during the weekends. I was surprised we were able to find a seat at 7pm on a Friday.

Though we ordered plenty of food, most of what we ordered was forgettable, unfortunately. 

Poke: The only thing that stood out was how watery this was.

Dynamite: 90% imitation crab. The scallops were tough and dry.

Brian's Roll: A unique sweet and savory combination. The basis was a California roll -- if memory serves me right -- wrapped in soy paper with slices of banana tucked inside. To me, I need to have an acquired taste for this.

Spicy Christmas Roll: I can't exactly recall its official title, but it's listed beneath the fried rolls section. This one was probably my favorite roll that I ordered. It's one of the heavier fried rolls on the menu, so I wouldn't advise ordering it towards the end of your meal like I did. 

Mike's Roll: Another roll I'd suggest ordering if you want to try a deep fried roll, and it's much lighter than the Chiristmas roll. Plus, it wasn't bathing in sauces. It's a decent one to start your meal off. 

If you're a visual person and are accustomed to neatly prepared rolls, you might be disappointed with the presentation of the sushi. Some of the rolls we received had a sloppy appearance that didn't entice my appetite. 

Service was fine, but we didn't have one server. Instead, we had four different servers attending to our table. At times, it did cause some confusion. 

Naka's AYCE was unimpressive. I guess for $21 we got what we paid for. I would've gladly spent several more bucks on higher quality food.笑
The service was good but the rolls looked like they were thrown together. The rolls at the gas station looked more appealing than these. The taste was ok but there wasn't much variety in the rolls offered. For $21 though, guess you get what you paid.笑
Great food. Enjoyed dinner with friends at Naka sushi tonight. They have more than just sushi for all you can eat menu such as tempra, tofu, seafood salad,  calamari,  and so on. That is why I go there.  Non-sushi eaters can enjoy this place very much.笑
Im grading on a little bit of a curve here but I found the place offered excellent value. The food quality was very good. The service was very efficient only the room was a little divey. I will be back for sure.笑
Naka OUT!
What a great experience, I have not enjoyed an AYCE sushi experience like this in years. I was the first customer at Sushi in Summerland and a weekly visitor for 7 years, till the original owner sold the location and left for Henderson. After he left, the location took a fast and steady decline. I have spent the last 5 years in sushi limbo, trying one place after another. Then I found Naka Sushi! Not only is the original owner of Sushi in Summerland in the kitchen, the namesake Naka is behind the counter serving up the best quality and variety of AYCE I have had in years. The restaurant is well staffed and Naka is crazy fast with a happy go lucky attitude that is a breath of fresh air.
You have to appreciate a Chef that is willing to say no when ordering an item because he does not feel it is up to par. When was the last time that happened in an AYCE Sushi Restaurant? My biggest thrill was enjoying some of their kitchen specialties I enjoyed years ago, but have been unable to find equal; Spicy Baby Octopus, Dynamite, Green Mussels, HOT Shrimp Heads, Etc.
With the talent running this Restaurant, I would expect to spend the next 7 years back in AYCE Sushi Heaven!
FYI. I joined Yelp just to post this review, so you know this comes from the heart!笑
Great service, great food. We had a party of 10 and the food came out quick. Loved it. We made a reservation earlier in the day and they had the table ready when we got there. No troubles at all.笑
When you first walk in "hehakaohfneolahjvomenfhkepwbowjfhepn" I laugh every time because I don't know what the hell Naka is saying. He's a great guy and funny enough the sushi is great too. They sometimes use too much rice, but I don't really care I take some off a little bit Lololol! 
This is my every week place when I'm craving sushi. 
I like to get with this sushi and go at it with it all night ;)
When the fish hits your tongue with soy sauce you just think about the waves crashing on the shore then you come back to reality. I love this place :)笑
Went here for ayce dinner this time.  I'm giving this place a 5 star now because I thought that both their food and service had improved, at least compared to the lunch service we've had previously.  The sushi is still not at Yama or Goyemon level but is getting close.  Ayce dinner is at $21.95 and is an awesome value considering they serve sashimi, even though you're limited to one order per person (6 pieces).  They also have many more staff for dinner so the service was really fast.  We couldn't eat our food fast enough and they're already delivering our next order.  I'm happy to have come across this sushi bar and I'm looking forward to eating many more of their sushi.笑
I haved lived in Vegas for 14 years and can assuredly say that Naka Sushi is hands down the best sushi in town. The only restaurant in the city that prepares sushi comparable to Naka's is Soho Sushi, which is the highest rated sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. Chef Nakamura is the best sushi chef in town and prepares a massive diversity of delectable, authentic plates that will make sushi your favorite food. All you can eat is a must. TED Roll, Whitefish Tempura Roll, and Chicken Teriyaki Rolls are great. All nori is fantastic as well at Naka, as the fish is always as fresh as possible.笑
It's mediocre at best. 

Why? And how did this place get 4stars. Truth is I rely on Yelp a lot. And that's the reason why we ended up here. But there wasn't anything special about this place. (That's right yelpers, I'm disappointed with ya'll!!!)

First, it is located on the big lots/terrible herbst complex at lake mead. We went on a Sunday night, 8pm. And it's dead over there. It is kinda sketchy and I'd be scared to go there by myself. Don't get me wrong, I love mom and pop, hole in the wall type places, but this didn't hit the spot.

Second, the food.
No, no, and no. I mean I'd eat anything. But if you're a fatty/self proclaimed foodie, and you're expecting really awesome sushi, this is not the place to go. 
The nigiri, fish and rice ratio was bad. Too much chubby weird shaped rice with super thinly sliced fish. Then I got excited that they have sashimi as part of their ayce. But the fish wasn't fresh, was brown on the edge, and one had a piece of bone on the super thinly sliced salmon. The rolls were blah, and looked really sloppy. Good thing they have half rolls, so you won't have to eat a full roll of disappointment.

Anyway, I guess they do deserve one star.... For the service was prompt and decent.

Thank you Naka, but I won't be coming back.笑
$1 hot sake? Yes, please!

This is a new AYCE sushi joint that has popped up in Summerlin, and I am definitely a fan.  I usually avoid AYCE and order my favorite nigiri and sashimi items instead, but since my in-laws were visiting (and they looooove AYCE), I joined in on the gluttonous feast.  And at $21.95, how could I say no.  I started with the "1 order per person" section: uni, raw oysters, sweet shrimp, and the sashimi trio.  Mmm, mmm, mmm.  So far, so good!  I also added 2 orders of agedashi tofu and a spicy tuna hand roll.  Topped it off with green tea ice cream and I was quite the happy camper. 

The rest of my family definitely took advantage of the AYCE, and ordered rolls, dynamite, salads, tempura, and sushi galore.  And they enjoyed every single bite.  Everything was delicious and the service was fabulous and very welcoming.  The owner, Mr. Nakamura, was even the one behind the sushi bar masterfully creating these tasty masterpieces.  And we learned that the chef in the kitchen serving up the warm dishes is also Japanese.   

I'm so glad that I took a chance on this new restaurant because now I know where to go when I need to satisfy that sushi craving.  And with Lent in full swing, you can bet that we will be regulars!笑
Cheap AYCE but everything spells poor hygiene and sloppy.  Everything is sticky...menu, table, chair, dishes, soup spoon, etc.  The floor looks like it hasn't been mopped in years.

The rolls lean more than the Tower of Piza. Heaven forbid you try to dip a piece into soy sauce.  Good luck trying to salvage your sushi piece.  

The fish used here is also a low grade and you can really tell with the old fish smell with snapper.  This is a popular spot because there's no other AYCE near Sun City and the senior citizens love their discounts.笑
This is really spot to eat sushi. The food and the price is very well price. Special #2 sashimi + tempura + rice + soup + salad for $9 is excellent. The quality of the fish is pretty good too. Customer service is not as good as SushiMon in the southeast but special deal and value for the buck is good! Decoration is not good. Kinda cheesy Mexican style. Orange wall and well decoration and position. Nothing neutral color and arrangement like other Japanese sushi places. I bet it's a Mexican interior decorator that did it! Mexican + Japanese Infusion.笑
Went here last night for mothers day and absolutely loved it. We had a reservation and arises with a warm welcome. We sat down and had sushi and drinks in front of us in 2 mins. They have ayce and is very inexpensive. The fish was exactly the way it should be. Tried all kinds of new rolls that have not seen at other shops. Would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys sushi. A must spot for a vegas local or out of towner. A++++++++++笑
Nakamura has always been my favorite. The downfall, he moved to Summerlin. While we can't get to his location as often as when he was in Henderson, he is ALWAYS our favorite. He will remember you and make every roll the best thing you have ever tasted.笑
Used to come here just about every other week, sometimes every week. It got out of control because were spending about $50.00 every time we went. Naka (the owner) is always so sweet and remembers what we get. He knows when we walk though that door we want 2 lemonades, 2 mark rolls, an order of tempura shrimp, California roll, and my Special Role he named after me "Reanna Role" lol... It included (Shrimp tempura, crab, avocado, cucumber, topped with spicy crab, spicy mayo, eel sauce and the crunchies)笑
I had a great experience eating here at Naka! There are few places in Las Vegas where you immediately feel at home while eating. The atmosphere is very inviting and the servixlce is wonderful. The owner takes time to talk to you and get to know you. I will definitely be coming back. The food itself is amaaaazing too. The portions are just right when you go for the all you can eat option. Love this humble sushi bar.笑
I still like going to eat here. They have a good menu and I love the energy from the owner, Naka. He is there every day and prepares the sushi. They have a good dinner menu with decently priced dinner options.  Their AYCE is $21.95 per person, which is a really good price. My only complaint is about one of the waitresses and her bad attitude. She is not afraid to tell you no and will not compensate for any thing you ask. If you talk to Naka directly he will. So I advise you to sit at the bar because you get better service. I recommend going their over any other sushi restaurant.笑
We come here every single week like clockwork... we love this place, we have been coming to see Naka for many many years, way before he opened his own place... Never disappointed : )笑
One of those places where it sucked so bad that you just had to review it right away. 

First off, when we arrived no one was there to greet us. We just stood there like idiots. I had to ask the chef if we're suppose to sit ourselves. And I guess.. Yes you are suppose to sit yourselves if no one acknowledges you ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

Not a busy day. Our waters came out 10 minutes from sitting down, which is a pretty long time for just waters. And than a waiter came by and asked if anyone has taken our orders, uhhh no you haven't taken our orders! 

Let me tell you, this is by far the worse presentation of sushi I have ever seen. The sushi you buy at the grocery store has a better presentation. The fish is falling off the sushi, the sushi is falling apart, the seaweed is not properly sticking. What a mess! It was just a visual disaster. As seen on my pictures.

The rice looked like it had been sitting out too long. You can tell by the picture I posted, it was pretty hard. 

I do not even know what sushi roll came out because when they were brought out they didn't even tell us which roll was which. So that is why in my pictures I do not have the name of the roll. 

Even the edamame tasted old. Looked like they just sprinkled salt on top of the frozen ones you buy at albertsons. 

The workers looked like they were tired and having a bad day. 

I will not returning... Ever. Sushi craving was NOT satisfied! What a waste of a sushi day.笑
Hubby and I came here on a Wednesday night for some spur of the moment sushi. We usually go to Sushi Kaya but we didn't feel like waiting an hour to be seated so we settled on trying something new. We had high hopes to the 4 star sushi spot... Were still scratching our heads on how this score came to be.

Naka Sushi is located on Lake Mead and Rampart in a Smiths shopping center. We walked in and were immediately seated. We both opted for the AYCE for $22.00 and were greeted by a not so cheerful server. Never caught her name but she was absent for the most part. The bus boy was constantly taking our orders and filling our drinks. 

We ordered a few specialty rolls and sashimi. Out of about 20 items we ordered we only liked 2. The Brian Roll and Mark Roll were both fantastic. But they didnt make up for the rest. Hafl of the sashimi we were afraid to eat because of the strong "fishy" smell and taste. 

Overall we probably wont be back, We will stick to authentic sushi spots.笑
I love this place, I've been here at least 20 times. The parking lot is not sketchy, you guys are silly. I've always had great sushi here. Most of the time the service is great. I always sit at the bar so I don't have to wait. I love all the anime stuff and the music they play is always different, currently it's in Japanese and very relaxing. I love the LA Boxing and dream roll. I only wish they had a seafood salad and no name roll like Yama Sushi!笑
Visited this restaurant during a recent trip to Vegas. It's in a strip mall in Summerlin about 10 minutes outside of Vegas strip. We came here because of the positive Yelp reviews and also because they took reservation for our big party, and the price of $21.95 for ayce was very reasonable. Seven people in our party went for the ayce option and two grandmas went for fixed meals. For the ayce crowd, we ordered a variety of cut rolls, including the 911, rainbow, and several others. We also ordered a variety of nigiri sushi, including uni which was on the 'only one serving per person' list (also on the list was soft shell crab, which was quite delicious). Overall I would rate the restaurant just 3 stars mostly due to the quality of the fish, which was just okay and not 4 or 5 star quality. The service was good and we had no complaints. I would try this place again rather than a generic Vegas buffet.笑
Pretty good sushi spot and has AYCE.

Our waiter was okay, but we were also helped by a female Hispanic lady that kind of slowly took over and she was on point !

I took one star down for the first waiter and because the place is really small ! And in a weird shape where it feels like everyone around you are to close

Sushi is good though.笑
Despite frequenting this restaurant for the last 3-4 months, we finally decided to go elsewhere.  The restaurant is 3 minutes from our home and the food is pretty good, but we feel so unwelcome by the owner.  

Sure, I have three boys who love sushi. Sure, they each probably eat more food than the $22 cost of dinner.  But it's disturbing that the owner (and sushi chef) glares at my family when we walk in.  Haha.  I would prefer that they raise prices than cringe when big sushi eaters take advantage of their pricing structure. 

We used to laugh about it amongst ourselves, but quite frankly, I can't support a business owner who doesn't appreciate their regular customers.  

We went to Sasa Sushi on Cheyenne the other night and service was much better.笑
4 stars it is. I got the chirashi, and for $9.95, it was a good value. Presentation was different, but pleasant. Place is skittle cramped.笑
This is the place! If you are looking for good sushi, good prices, nice owners, fun deserts, fresh sashimi The Naka sushi is it! I'm gonna mention some potential source of bias. Naka sushi I s owned by a friend of a friend of mine. And she's a great person. But really, I'm not writing the review because of that. I'm writing it because I like good sushi, I like new and different foods, I like good prices. Try it, see if you agree, tell me if you do!笑
Hidden gem found by accident one day last summer that has become our favorite. Very good, fresh food and the service is very good. GREAT prices for the food.  With all of the choices for Sushi it is nice to find one close to home that is good.笑
I used to go pick up dinner to go 3-4 times a week but now I'm down to once a week. Why? Well, I was getting too much sushi in my diet and I want to change it up as I'm working on getting into shape. To help me with that, Naka assists me by putting very little rice in my two combo roll dinner.I've had occasions here where there was a small supply of fish in my rolls and it made me forlorn. Then, the next day the rolls were exceptional with chunks of yellowtail and salmon to support the Alaska roll. REALLY TREAT YOURSELF TO THE MARIA ROLL. It is really terrific. Maria is the wait staff that you want on your side. There is more to her than meets the eye and she is quick to rectify any order confusion. 2 regular rolls with miso soup and salad/edamame for under $10 is hard to beat. Now I just need to learn how to use chopsticks! Thanks for doing what you do, Naka, and keep it up!笑
First time here since I work nearby, and oh my, the sushi was amazing.  I did the AYCE for lunch, great price, $18.95.  I loved the huge selection of rolls, appetizers, and sushi.  I usually stick to sushi when I get AYCE but some of the rolls looked too good to pass up.

The Nacho Roll (sounds like tons of sauce, but it's not) was by far my favorite.  Lots if Salmon and Avocado inside and jalapeño and some spicy (not mayo) on the outside.  It was amazing.

The owner was working behind the sushi bar (as he does 7 days a week) and he was awesome.  Great service, great price, great atmosphere, and excellent fish.  I am a happy customer and will return very soon.

Thank you Naka!!!笑
First time having sushi in Vegas since moving here from Southern California. Boyfriend and I were looking for an all you can eat and this had the best reviews. They have a huge menu plus specialty rolls ! The baked mussels were pretty good, but the sushi portions were SLIM.. Like paper slim. I've been to plenty of all you can eat sushi restaurants and never have I seen such a skimp! And of course you can't leave rice behind so I'm still craving  sushi and filling up on rice. That'd have to be my only bother. The spicy baby octopus was really good too, never seen that served. 

oh and that tempura batter is delicious! Reminded me of a funnel cake. Needless to
say I devoured my deep fried specialty roll. I will be back but I'm curious if you get better sushi when you order a regular dinner vs all you can eat ?笑
$1.00 saki! Warm, strong, and a wonderful compliment to the deliectable array of choices on the ayce menu. The restaurant is intimate, with about 10-15 tables and 6-8 seats at the bar. Very lively chefs who are quick to take your order serve you some fine delicious rolls, soup, nigiri, shumami, and other choices. For $22 a person during dinner for ayce, it's a great bargain for the residents of Northwest Las Vegas.笑
I've been coming to Naka Sushi since they first opened their doors.  I've been meaning to review them because this is our go to sushi restaurant in our area.  The lunch specials are a great deal and you get a lot of food.  My teenagers love coming here for all you can eat sushi and they even have dinner specials.  They always remember who we are and the food is great!  Everybody that I take here always loves the food.  Service is great too.笑
Unique and quality rolls, the Brian Roll w/banana tempura was outstanding!  Even had chicken katsu curry and grapefruit jpop.笑
I definitely recommend coming here. The prices were reasonable, and we ordered AYCE sushi for dinner - they even offered half orders so we could sample more rolls. So yummy!!笑
I guess this is not a bad place for this side of town, however, it's definitely not the best place in town.  The fish is not as fresh and the rolls were literally falling apart. I guess they make it up by offering cheap prices for all you can eat... 18.95 for lunch and 21.95 for dinner. The staff was friendly and the service was fast! I would recommend the la boxing and maria roll there were both delicious!笑
I would definitely eat here again! The sushi is the best here and the prices are good as well. I used to go to the other sushi place across the street until my uncle recommended this place to me. I can see why he likes this place. People are friendly and the all you can eat special is beyond delicious.笑
Best sushi in town. My wife and I go here all the time. Someone must be telling people how great this place is because they are getting crazy busy. Naka San always takes care of his regulars. We walk in and even when it is crazy busy he already knows what we are going to order and starts on it. This is not just the best sushi place in town but the best restaurant with the best chef and service anywhere. You have to try the tiger, Arizona, mountain, that how I roll, and muscle buster rolls. Also, the super white tuna and gyoza are to die for. This used to be a secret spot but people keep telling the secret and I guess people love it. If you go with more than two people around dinner you might have to wait but it is well worth it. I would give ten stars if I could!笑
This is sushi! Always fresh and good!!! I have been there so many times I should have a roll named after me.... Firstly, there lunch special is amazing!!! So much to choose from.... My whole family loves it!!! I bring everyone I know there... I try to get different things whenever I go... But my favorites are... The tuna tataki, the chon monge roll, fried jalapeño, nitro hand roll, chicken katzu, Christmas roll, udon soup, poke salad, Tracy 11, salmon kama, naka special salad and many of the new rolls... Everything is good and fresh!!! Service is excellent and I think I will have lunch there again today, maybe tomorrow too.... Oh yeah, I love the combination meals, especially the salmon lovers and the sashimi dinner!!!! Ok when is it going to be 11 am so I could go... Damn, I just realized I have a meeting.... See you for dinner... Only negative, but it is part of its charm, is the awful decorating and color scheme.... Don't let that fool you!!! Best ayce sushi bar non!!!!笑
I have Naka sushi on my bookmark forever. I have been on sushi craving all week. I guess having Yummy sushi opened up my appetite on sushi even more. Therefore, I decided to come and check out this place since it's closed by work. 

We got there around 6:15 on a Friday night and it was pretty empty but by the time we left, it was a full house. The restaurant is not that big. They have around 10 tables or so. 

For the appetizer, we tried karage, salmon skin salad, fresh oysters( today's special), and vegetable croquettes( today's special). Only vegetable croquettes was notable. However, I don't really taste the veggie besides potato.

I'm a nigiri lover so I usually start my sushi orders there. We tried the following nigiris: salmon, yellowtail, red snapper, spicy tuna, scallop, sweet shrimp, sea urchin, wasabi tobiko, tamago negi toro and eel. Scallop nigiri was on their special of the day and it was pretty fresh. Salmon was decent and buttery. Uni was not bad for ayce. Tamago was looking a little dark but it tasted decent. Negi toro was pretty good. Spicy tuna and red snapper was fishy and mushy. Not a fan of wasabi tobiko either. It was bit fishy as well and it wasn't covered up by the wasabi. The only roll we tried was eel and avocado roll since we were too full. It was not bad. We all had tempura green tea ice cream for dessert . It was yummy. 

Service was decent and attentive. I was amazed that that have 3 or 4 waitress for that small restaurant. With their cheaper ayce price for dinner ($21.95), it's not a bad place to come if you are hungry and in the area.I give this place 3.5 star.笑
This place is absolutely amazing, first of all their prices are soooooo cheap, their variety is amazing, sushi and sashimi is sooooo fresh, choices are endless!笑
This local hole in the wall does not look like much but don't let it stop you. It was a busy night when I went in so that's always a great sign. The AYCE menu is fantastic since they give you several choices. Mikes roll was my favorite. You can also get hot sake for a dollar. I would highly recommend Naka Sushi.笑
I am new to Las Vegas and this is the first place I stopped to eat. This place rocks!!. The food, the presentation, the great prices, and the service make Naka world class in my humble opinion. Best quality in any AYCE sushi bar I have visited. I make Naka a weekly event.笑
A friend took us here because she loved the food and we really enjoyed it. We are from Hawaii so we have a lot of very good Japanese restaurants and this one was very good.  Don't expect fancy fru fru....just good food for a reasonable price. The sushi were really good but the sashimi was great...really fresh pieces of fish. The tempura was good with a nice variety of veggies to go with the shrimp. The place was packed on a Friday night but it was worth the wait.笑
I've been meaning to drop by Naka Sushi for a while, but finally got the chance today after finishing up my work day. The environment itself is very comfortable and they have TVs with ESPN on them so one thing down for myself. The lunch price is very reasonable for AYCE sushi. I didn't stuff my face as full as I usually do, but I did try a few items such as the Tako, Surf Clam, a Tod roll?, muscles, and the white tuna. Everything was really good, the only real complaint I had was that the Tod roll seemed to break apart really easily. While it didn't beat out my favorite sushi joint, I'd be willing to come back to Naka anytime.笑
This is one of my all time favorite sushi places and one of the cheapest all you can eat places we've gound which makes it more my favorite. My favorite roll is the Yellow M roll but without jalapeno. They always remember me when I come in which is also very nice. If you are looking for a new sushi place, this is it!笑
This is my 3rd time to Naka sushi and I found the service to be consistent along with the food, so I felt compelled to write a review. We arrived to Naka for the dinner service that starts at 4:30, and we were greeted by the waitress and sat at a booth. Told her my selections and they arrived quickly. The appetizers are ok, the ahi poki, and mussels weren't to my standards from my experiences at other establishments but the fish is very fresh, the service was timely and I never saw the bottom of my cup. They were always around. Very good sushi imo for the location. I will be going back again.笑
Sushi was great. Good price.  Udon was good but the tempura was a little overly battered\greasy笑
Naka sushi was actually really good!! This place is tucked in a small shopping center in summerlin. It looks kind of ghetto but I think it's family owned. Not too fancy but very hole in the wall.

Everything ordered was delicious! My favorite was their Mochi selection and their smap roll. 

Everything came out in a fast manner and their dinner only items were awesome!!!! They even have tataki and quail egg!!! Their beef tataki sucks though and tastes like lunchables meat so don't get it haha.

The service was kinda slow because we had to ask for more water three times, in an empty restaurant! Overall, I will be back for their delicious food and high quality sushi items :)笑
Stay Far Away!  My friends and I went there because of the reviews and close to our house.  The food didn't look fresh and bright and looked and tasted OLD.  Zero service. Go to Yummy or Sasa sushi.笑
Came back to try the All you can eat, even though i did not try the lot, i liked what i ate.  I understand they are a small place and they do a good job with what they have.  This is definitely a great place to go and eat some good sushi at a great price.笑
I'm from the Pacific Northwest.  I appreciate good sushi.  This place is very good.  If you have an apatite, their all you can eat is a great deal at roughly 20 dollars.  The tastes fresh (for the desert) and their sushi rolls and house combinations are very tasty.  They have several rolls that emphasize spicy flavors, but the spice is not overpowering.  

Recommended.笑
Awesome place! I sat at the bar and had a great time! Food was great and came quick. I was also surprised to find out that the owner of the place Mr. Naka was the person in front of me and making my sushi. He was really humble. I didn't even know it was the owner until I asked for the check and asked what his name was. Really nice place. Would recommend it to my friends.

Great selection and a great price!笑
I've dined here a few times but when we went last Saturday for lunch AYCE, there were a few things that's not included, like the poke salad, select sashimi,  etc. unless I pay for the Dinner AYCE price which is a little disappointing. Most sushi Lunch AYCE places we go to offer the poke salad, which I think one of the main item that should be in the menu whether it's a lunch or dinner AYCE.笑
We can was quite delicious.  The place is not fancy, but the food is excellent.  I was a bit concerned from the looks but the sushi chef prepared everything with care and to perfection.  I really enjoyed it.  I would recommend it if you can lower your standards from thinking sushi needs to be eaten at a fancy gold chair place.笑
Not sure how this got four stars. Not bad, but terribly far from the best sushi in Vegas. I'd definitely recommend Yummy Sushi or Sushi Loca or (for AYCE) Sushi Koma. Small pieces of fish. Dumpy atmosphere. Uninterested staff. Seemingly no care for the customer. Overall: not bad but not impressive.笑
I haven't tried the AYCE yet because Naka has some good dinner combos that allow you to get rolls or sashimi. That's what my wife and I usually get 'cause it's cheaper than the AYCE and fills us up. Everything we have tried there has been good. Unless you're famished, I suggest getting one of their combos. It makes for a filling and inexpensive dinner. We always have one of us order the special roll combo and the other order the sahsimi combo. That way we get a nice variety on the cheap.笑
An absolute deal! All you can eat for under $20 and high quality sushi with a wide selection of rolls. Sides are great and the waiting staff is superb. Definitely worth driving the extra 10 mins from my house.笑
Mmmmmmmm Delicious! We were in Vegas for work and found this gem near the J.W. Marriott. The California roll and Philly rolls were sublime and we tried the shrimp and veggie tempura, spring rolls and a couple dinner combinations, all of which were wonderfully served and tasty. And the price was very reasonable.笑
Anyone who truly thinks the quality here is very good doesn't know their sushi. Its ok at best. I'd much rather pay 5.00 more dollars and go somewhere that has much better quality. Oyshi on Sahara and Goyemon on S. Decatur are hands down tops for ayce sushi.笑
This is place is a little tight (small) but has a great vibe.  The staff is always polite and very attentive.

Their AYCE menu is broad and includes a few special occasion menus as well that you can incorporate into the AYCE price as well.  I would say the taste is great and if you're looking for value, you will definitely find it here.笑
After walking out of Osaka due to their bad service we decided to give Naka Sushi a try. 

We chose the All-You-Can-Eat option for $21.95 for adults and $10.95 for the kids. 

The staff was friendly, the food was good, the Saki was very nice. The included item selection was excellent. My only complaint was the lack of fresh wasabi (Totally different from the regular wasabi that everyone is used to), which is missing in about 3/4 of all sushi places I have been to, but the owner promised to order some for next time.

We'll definitely be back!

more reviews at http://www.thevegasevent.com笑
So we live down the street and every time I pass it I say, "All you can eat sushi...yeah no!" Well, the reviews got me through the door and now I say, "heck yeah." Great food. Great service. The all can eat is really just a way to try more things as some things you can do half rolls. The yummiest items...crab, salmon etc are still on the all you can eat. We tried some ol favorites and new ones too. All great and very authentic if you have ever done sushi go . They have the traditional Japanese ice cream but we didn't have room. In the end, the price ensures you pay for food but it was worth it. A new go to place.笑
Great place! Marina was awesome, friendly and provided great service. Pretty sure the Japanese Lasagna was the best sushi I've ever had! I attempted the All You Can Eat but failed miserably. I was stuffed!!!!!!!! Will definitely be back.笑
We used to go here years ago.  The owner was great, food awsome (made rolls named after us), and the service was over the top.  We were sad to see it close.  Driving by we noticed it reopened so for sure we had to go.  WOW.  The place before was a 5, this one is so much more. 
The All you can Eat Sushi is the way to go.  There is so much on the menu I wish I could have had more.  Oh, lets not forget the $1 sake.  Service rocked.  
The one thing that really stood out was how great they were with our special request.  I've been to other restaurants where the anwser to our "special requests" are no.  One example switching salmon for tuna.  Really!!! Salmon is cheaper.  But, let me tell you they didn't hesitate to go out of their way to make sure we all had a great time.  We will be back.笑
First time here and my boyfriend and I LOVED it!!! Found it while doing a Yelp search because we were in the area. It's in a strip mall and isn't anything fancy but the food is amazing! See my pics. 

The AYCE dinner is a really good deal for $21.95. Fast, friendly service. AYCE even comes with quality sashimi. Excellent grade. Yellowtail was awesome. Homemade ginger dressing on house salad. Mixed tempura was fantastic. Tuna tataki was amazing. There was also a really spicy roll on the board that was awesome but don't remember the name. The rolls were all fabulous. Paradise roll was great. Nacho roll, Kara roll and yellowtail w avocado we ordered as half rolls and they were tasty. It was nice to be able to order a small portion. I don't remember everything we ordered but no complaints here!笑
I absolutely love this place. It's right down the street from my boyfriend's house and we're usually here 3/4 times a month. AYCE is a great deal at 21.95 for dinner. My boyfriend always gets the mountain roll which is amazing. Shrimp tempura roll with fish and crab mix on top with unagi sauce. The owner is extremely hilarious, always taking sake bombs. On our most recent visit, we sat down and ordered. My boyfriend's mountain roll came out within two minutes! Naka saw us and already made the roll! Cmon talk about excellent service. We love this place and we've never had to wait for a table before. It's busy, but there's usually always room.笑
First off I want to give Naka san kudos for doing the work by himself , unless it's crazy busy which it always is. This is due to the size of the restaurant. it is quite small and cramped but does tie a nice cozy environment. I have known Naka san since he worked at various places in town. I am writing not as a acquaintance but as a real review of the food. For the prices that are charged. The food is decent and comes out fairly fast! Naka san knows his clients and can prepare things while they waiting for their main dishes or their larger sushi orders. The Japanese food on the menu is good. Now having said this, I have some issues with the customer service: At times there is no one to greet the customers and people are standing in line to wait for some acknowledgment. If you are NOT a regular there you would not know to seat yourself. Water and tea take a slightly longer time to get to your table. Getting the attention of your server may also take some time and depending on who that is he/she sometimes forgets things such as a tea refill, water, or even an order. This is not on a regular basis but consistent enough to take note. I eat at Naka's at least 3 to 4 times a month and each time there is one issue from the above either at our table or at another diners. To be fair I do not think the servers are given adequate direction in busing and hosting. This is something that will have to be addressed in order to retain and bring in more clients. The food again is nothing unusual or outstanding...it is good.....it ranks better than some sushi places in town but if you want super quality and service go to Osaka in Henderson or Katsuya in SLV. If you just want a family style meal that is good. This is the place to eat. I eat here out of loyalty to Naka san and his family. I can overlook the inconsistent service but some may not...your choice.笑
Went with my sister last night...it was amazing and the price was perfect for AYCE. We loved the side items and the sushi and rolls. Although it is a tight squeeze of a place,  the waitresses are attentive and the sushi chefs are awesome and fast!  I recommend the sunomono salad, the sashimi plate, LA Boxing roll, and the straight sushi (nigiri) is perfectly proportioned!  You will not be let down!笑
They've got high marks on Yelp, but I was disappointed. It's an AYCE spot off of Lake Mead Blvd. and I found most rolls to be poorly crafted. Rolls were falling apart before even picking them up and they seemed to have an excessive amount of rice. The quality wasn't great either with one roll after another leading to more disappointment. The best of the bunch, though was probably the Jony Jony -- a spicy tuna roll wrapped with different cuts of fish. The green tea tempura ice cream wasn't bad too. Although the tempura batter was a little too thick for my liking.笑
This place is absolutely awesome. Amazing prices and fantastic sushi. The service was as great as the food and prices. I have found my new sushi place!!!笑
I am here for my second lunch. The first I enjoyed the sushi bar and was delighted with all I sampled. Where has white tuna been all my life? It was like soft pieces of heaven. Everything was wonderful both visits. Sushi fresh and flavorful.笑
Searching for nearby sushi, I was surprised to see the four star rating. But shortly after ordering, we found ourselves wondering who would ever give this restaurant higher than two stars. Portions are very, very small - like a teaspoon of fish in a ball of rice small. The rice quality is poor. The fish was subpar too. Just bizarre... it was a waste of a dinner!笑
It's Vegas baby - so of course they'd have an all you eat sushi place!  24.00 for ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi??  That's right!  Is it the BEST??  Na, but it's acceptable (3 stars) and it's all you can eat (4 stars)!  So when you have several hungry rock climbers coming in from an entire day climbing at Red Rocks - you can be guaranteed you'll get your fill for not too much cash.  

Service has always been good here too.  If you want spectacular sushi - look elsewhere.  But it's A-OK to me, especially for that price!笑
Love this places food. I especially love the steamed shrimp Shumai with the ponzu type sauce they serve with it. Only reason I give 4 stars is because sometimes when they bring it to me it's not cooked through all the way aka they don't cook it long enough so make sure the shumai is hot and cooked through. Also their sushi rice falls apart a lot for some reason, perhaps they don't use enough rice vinegar idk I'm no sushi expert but the sushi/fish itself is excellent and always fresh. They have many options as well as ALL YOU CAN EAT. I love their California hand rolls, and their nigiri sushi. Their staff is always friendly. It's a small cozy vibe restaurant. I wish they were open later than 10:30pm :) also idk at what time it happens but they close after lunch for a bit before reopening for dinner again at 430/5pm. So make sure you call before you arrive to avoid getting there and find the restaurant is closed. Overall I love this place and I go frequently.笑
This establishment has been a favorite.  Parking is plentiful. Inside is a bit cozy. For dinner, I ordered the teriyaki salmon, California roll, shrimp, & vegetables tempura, combo with soup, brown rice, and salad. Unfortunately, the service was a tad slow considering it was a Saturday and the staff seems new and scarce. $1 hot sake was just right and soothing. The portions were large in which I requested a box for the leftovers. Hopefully, in terms of physical space, this restaurant should expand to accommodate the large number of customers. In conclusion, I highly recommend Naka Sushi because it is affordable, delicious, and friendly.笑
This had been our main sushi ayce place for years and my whole family loves it here, especially for the price, it was hard to beat. Our recent visit, however, did not really leave a good impression. Rice portion to nigiri seemed to have increased as the cuts got thinner, sushi took longer to serve, and we had to constantly remind our waitress about the orders that were missing. Not only that, but our ice cream and mochi took more than 20 min, with two follow ups. When we finally got our ice cream, however, I got a crunchy surprise to my mango ice cream. Crunch? In ice cream? When I checked, oh I got a glittery surprise, chipped nail polish. Wow.笑
I love coming here- either on a date night with the hubby or with the family and out of town guests who like to pig out on sushi like we do! They even have a kids price for AYCE so we don't feel ripped off like another places where you have to pay the adult price for a 6 year old! My kids love eating here too. We love the nigiri sushi, the specials, the sashimi plate is awesome as is the Naka salad, soft shell crab, fried oysters, I could go on and on! Great value, great service. We always see Chef Naka when we come and the food has always been excellent!笑
Came here for a birthday with quite a few people. It was on a weekday so it wasn't very busy. Some of the people in our party had issues getting their orders right.  They would either get someone else's order or wouldn't get an order at all. I had no issues. The service was overall ok. 
We all got different orders and shared amongst us, so we all got to try many rolls. We also got some appetizers. Shrimp tempura was good but nothing else was. The rolls were not very good. Some rolls were better than others but for the most part they were not good. 
We decided to come here because of all the great reviews but it just didn't cut it for any of us. We've all been to different sushi places and this by far is one of our least favorites.笑
I'm broken hearted. My favorite sushi place just ran me off. We eat there once a month, sometimes twice, and spend nearly $150 each time. We ordered all you can eat sushi for five people. My son tried a new roll we hadn't tried before, and it was horrible and he couldn't eat it. Then two people ordered two rolls and couldn't eat the last piece on each roll. Then Tom and I left four pieces from the various rolls we ordered. The owner's wife told us next time we will be charged extra if we don't eat all of the pieces for all the rolls we order. Really? Bye Naka Sushi.笑
My new favorite AYCE sushi bar when I'm back in town. 

Japanese ownership.
Excellent customer service.
Great grade sushi, nigiri or sashimi. 
They have a variety of rolls as well, and you can have them made in half orders.
I love the uni and ama-ebi here. You can also order hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar), which is included in the AYCE, but I believe it is limited to one per person.
$18.95 for lunch. $21.95 for dinner.笑
Did not enjoy at all ... Didn't taste fresh to me and anything fried tasted like old oil... They have weird combos of rolls and we were not fans ... Just fell flat and left with upset tummy :( unfortunately will not be returning笑
I was craving a bento situation and am glad we finally tried this place !! Their cucumber salad is a little different,  it is strung like spaghetti with seaweed on top.. 
I then had shrimp tempura , teriyaki beef and salad with ginger dressing for dinner. 
I definetely recommend this place for both the 
Food and service !!笑
Great price for AYCE. My friends and decided to eat dinner. Service was great. He was very attentive and always came if we needed anything else. Usually I would have to travel far for sushi but luckily it's closer to my house and the quality of fish is pretty good. I like the music they play. Haven't heard Japanese music in so long. I would definitely come back again.笑
Affordable dining...everything was delicious!  My mama loved her shrimp tempura...and if mama is happy, the whole world is happy!笑
Amazing, tasty, fresh fish, can't beat the ayce pricing and deal. Sashimi included, what!?笑
Review for Dinner on a Saturday Night

This place was packed on a Saturday night. .... And they "lost" our reservation.
We only had to wait about 20 minutes and were able to get seated so that wasn't so bad.  But still.... 

After experiencing our dinner here... it's no surprise they didn't record our reservation.  Organization is NOT their strong suit.

Three different people took our drink order.... and it took 2 of them to bring them all out.
Three different people kept asking to take our food order... where we'd place an order with one and the next one would step up to ask what we'd like to order... and then after a bit we would have to flag one of them down to remind them about our order.

The sushi was ok.  I wasn't impressed.  I like Naked Sushi and Sushi Wa better.

The one Good thing was that they don't over sauce their rolls... so that is a plus in my book.  

But they do serve A LOT of rice with their sushi and rolls so that the fish which is normal size portions looks small.

Since this is on the other side of town from me, I'll stick to the sushi places on my side of town that I know and like better.笑
Maybe I came on an off day, but it wasn't as good as the other reviews made it seem. Fish didn't seem fresh enough. It was good, but I've had better. 

Then again, take my review with a grain of salt, because I've been to Japan and had sushi there. So it's hard to find something that comes close. This place is definitely not it.

However, the service was good, everyone was nice, and it was fast. Not worth the $ for all you can eat in my opinion.笑
Service was good but the authenticity of the sushi was lacking. presentations of the rolls could have been better. If this your first time sushi, you probably like it but we have been through better places. I will not be coming back.笑
I'm not a fan of sushi or Asian food in general, so I don't actually eat when I go to Naka Sushi.  This review is more based on the atmosphere, the sake and the approving grunts from my friends as they inhale their food at lightning speed.

First of all, let's all say this together - '$1 SAKE!".  That's worth 4 stars alone.  The service is also great and the servers are super friendly.  The prices are crazy good - $8 for a huge bento box with teriyaki chicken, tempura veggies, rice, several crab rolls... it's massive.  Plus, the sushi is priced great too - a la carte & all you can eat.  You can place orders ahead of time & pick them up.  The bathrooms are clean (always a good thing) and it's super cozy inside.  I may not eat the food but I love hanging out there with my friends!  One last note - my husband is a total sushi snob and loves theirs!笑
Was really looking forward to eating here. It was highly recommended by my bf. The food was great, the service great...However there was one particular incident that turned me off from Naka that occurred while seated at the sushi bar.

It was my first visit and it seemed as though we were not exactly welcomed...just didn't feel comfortable. 

Even been somewhere and the energy was just off?
I will give this place another try.笑
First time here and it was awesome. Sushi was delicious and service was very friendly and kind. Def recommend if you are looking for an inexpensive AYCE spot!! I will be returning very sooooon笑
Great pricing! Service was very fast and friendly. One of the Chefs was very amusing. It was fun listening to him trying to sing along to classic music. They offer half rolls which is nice. The chef also made me a special roll that wasn't on the menu without any trouble. I will most definitely be back!笑
I wish I can eat here everyday, I drive from Henderson jus too eat, thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu笑
All you can eat Sushi for $20/person??? HELLS YEAH!!! And it's fresh too!笑
My friend took me here for the all you can eat for $18.95  lunch. I picked  a few things like salmon sushi, pieces were just the right size and they started me out with 8 pieces. It just kept coming!!! I would have spent over. $100 in LA for what I ate.!!!  The fish was real fresh and tasty!! I'm less concerned  about value then quality. That being said, best sushi I ever had.笑
AYCE lunch sushi for $18.95. Lots of choices, I think more than most I loved their Packard with 1yr and 2nd year anniversary rolls. Good reminders of ones I have forgotten.  
Bring a friend, relax and enjoy the sushi!!!