Service was very nice and pleasant.  I was ridiculously excited when I saw my plate filled with a ton of different type of meats, however I'll keep this short and sweet, unfortunately had to be the blandest tasting food Ive had in years.  Incredibly disappointing.Ǿ
Mediocre at best. We happened to drive through the area and wanted to stop for a bite. We saw it had decent reviews and we love Columbian food so we entered with high hopes. The decor is typical for a Columbian restaurant on Albemarle Rd.


To start we had beef empanadas which were fried well and not overly greasy, well priced but not what we came for.

For entrees we had Carne Asada and the obvious signature dish, a whole rotisserie chicken. The Carne asada was under seasoned and sliced so thin that we could  have ordered it from the deli counter. Rice and beans were fine, but not what you would go for.

The rotisserie chicken was seasoned well, moist and priced right.  We would consider returning for takeout but it's not much better than the 5 dollar Harris Teeter bird. 

Maduros were on point as a side as were the chicorones.

There's just too much competition to return here often.Ǿ
I went there for lunch and ordered the fajitas and received a complementary cup of chicken soup. The meat in the soup was parts of chicken that I have never seen before and I seriously doubt if was even chicken at all, The soup had broken jagged bones in it. The tea was awful, the tea maker probably needs to be cleaned. At no point in time in LIFE will I go back there to eat. After wards my stomach started to bother me and continued to hurt until I went to bed. Once again the meat in the soup did not look like chicken at all. They were weird round shaped pieces attached to rubbery pieces of meat. You would be better off spending less money going across the street to Taco Bell or Pizza Hut.Ǿ
CLOSED DOWN

It's now Pollo Ricos, a Peruvian rotisserie chicken place: 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rotisserie-pollo-rico-charlotte
I've driven by it a couple of times the last few days and wondered if to stop for lunch. The totally empty parking lot dissuaded me from it.Ǿ
We sometimes go here for the Colombian breakfast which is good. The prices have gone up over time and the meat on the breakfast plates get smaller but the complementary hot chocolate is good. I've also been there for there dinner time and not a big fan. It's pricey even though the plates are big. The service wobbles for good to bad depends on the luck of the draw. They changed names but remain with the same menu. The empanadas are quite good and they have it so when you buy 5 you get 2 free now.Ǿ
This is a Colombian restaurant, not Mexican. Very different menu than you will find in a Mexican restaurant. All very large portion entrees but you definitely pay for it. Being in the part of town it is in you would expect it to be inexpensive but that is not true. Entrees range from $13.00 to $25.00 but are, for the most part, worth it. I can only review one dish here as it is the only thing I have had here all 10+ times I've been. I always get the #25. Shrimp in coconut sauce over tostones (crispy fried green plantains) it has been fantastic every time. Their juices are great as well. Also, try the fried Yuca, it has a taste and texture similar to French fries. 

Service at the restaurant is decent. Friendly staff and relatively fast service. I have only been there on slower nights so I cannot speak for their service on a busy night.Ǿ
I'd give it a 3.5, but without the round up!  It's a great place to go and try something different that, as far as I can tell, is one of the only places to get columbian type food.  I had the fajitas, which were rather tasty with a good bit of onion and peppers.   The price is moderate, about 12 bucks a meal and up, with decent wait staff who are mildly attentive.  It looked like they had a good size area that is suitable for groups.  Other than that, nothing really stands out for the Pollos Mario Rest.Ǿ
Susan and I have eaten here twice and have been very impressed with the food.  You get your money worth and do not leave empty.  Our first experience was more than comical.  The waitress no habla English and me no habla espanol. She kept bring us stuff to our table that we did not ask for - extra plates, napkins, etc.  When I asked for the bill, she thought I was ordering desert.  It was a good thing the menu had pictures.  However, the food was so good we went again this past week.  We had a pleasant waitress who spoke English very well and we had no difficulty communicating.  Once again the food was excellent and the prices reasonable for the amount of food your get.  Take the change and have an adventure - if you don't speak the language the menu is full of pictures, just point and smile!Ǿ
Attention Charlotte Restaurant-Goers, Pollos Mario is a hidden gem!

The restaurant is Colombian, with some dishes from other Latin American countries.  Colombian food is tasty, not heavy or spicy like Mexican food, but balanced.  Their specialities include char-grilled meats, fried and sweet plantains, and fruit shakes (mango, pineapple, guava, etc).  

One dinner, consisting of a meat, rice and beans, plantains and a side salad is less than $10!  The service is high-quality; the wait staff and owners are friendly and attentive.  The restaurant is clean.  Restaurants on Albermarle Rd tend to carry the stigma of that side of town, but you won't be dissapointed.

If you're feeling adventurous, try the beef tongue or Postobon soda.