We were only able to eat outside because we had kids, so we opted for drinks and an app.

First, I love tiki culture. I search for tiki bars wherever we go. I spotted this place, but was skeptical because you don't think Tiki in Canada. These guys know their tiki and the decor is perfect.

The drinks-I had a painkiller and the husband had the fog cutter. Both were spot on and STRONG! Truly hold their own with some of our top tiki spots.

The app-fries. The aioli was perfect!

Service was also really good!笑
Comment parler de mon "expérience"au Tiki Bar...une grosse catastrophe?!!!!!!! 
Ayant eu vent du succès de l'établissement, j'ai eu la présence d'esprit de réserver une table avant de m'y présenter! 
Lorsque nous sommes arrivées, nous avons été accueillis par une serveuse qui nous a conduit vers notre table...au milieu de la salle...et surtout complètement dans le passage vers le bar,et les cuisines! 
Dans la salle les chanceux et ceux qui arrivent à 4 ou plus ont le droit à une alcôve avec banquette et confort ou une grande table et nous nous avons eu le droit à une demi table étroite avec tabourets hauts!
On a clairement l'impression qu'ils ont essayé de caser le maximum de tables possibles dans un minimum de place...
Pour la petite histoire j'étais avec ma maman qui est assez petite et pour qui monter sur un tabouret revient à gravir l'Everest...Bref nous avons demandé  à cette même serveuse si il était possible de changer de table et celle-ci nous a gratifié d'une réponse négative agrémentée d'un ton plus que désagréable et condescendant! 
Effectivement l'expérience de cette table s'est révélée quelque peu périlleuse....les plats ont du mal à tenir dessus, il ne faut pas manger avec les coudes trop éloignés du corps, sous peine d'être bouscule toutes les 3 secondes....
À cela, il faut ajouter un service très long et une musique d'ambiance qui prend le dessus sur toutes les conversations!
Mais j'ai quand même quelques notes positives à souligner.....l'autre serveuse en salle était gentille et pétillante et il ne faut pas leur enlever le fait que la cuisine est originale et goûteuse et qu'ils demeurent une référence pour les cocktails! 
Enfin les prix sont clairement dispendieux et pour une telle gamme de prix je m'attendais à des plats un peu plus généreux et surtout à un service de qualité..笑
Went to check out the newly opened snowbird tiki bar in Little Italy with a group of friends and have to say they did a great job with the decor. You can't even tell that this was the old cafe international location. The food on the other hand was so-so at best...nothing to write home about. We sampled a few dishes and were not impressed. The drinks on the other hand were good. Would definately recommend this place if you are looking for a place to grab a few drinks with friends but would skip food.笑
Good decorations inside and the cocktails were great , will definitely be back ..
cool place.笑
We were in town visiting from NY and our friend wanted to try this place out and I'm so glad we did!  It was my boyfriends birthday and we came without a reservation to sit at the bar - Samuel helped us find seating at the bar and made sure we were taken care of.  This restaurant knows how to do business and keep customers coming back.  

We tried a few things from the menu and they were delicious - from the fries to the rangoon and this chicken/rice dish inside a pineapple - everything was delicious. 

I can't wait to come back!  I love feeling valued as a customer.笑
Ok well let me mention how excited I was to try this place out ever since it was Re-Opened. I love tropical drinks and have them all the time when I'm on vacation or during the summer. 

their opening day was a Monday .. I found it super odd and if I didnt know it was the old cafe international I would have totally missed the place. There's no signof their name .. its so dimmed and not a smart move. It Was Dead ...On opening day.. that's a bad sign.

I decided to come here saturday night to see if it was any different. On saturday, I came in to try it out and see their menu. They were not dead but not busy at all. There was no body at the bar.. and maybe 2 other groups. 
It made me freak out! That's sad! I checked the menu and wanted the "cocomono" they didn't have it..
Actually 3 drinks on the menu were unavailable due to missing ingredients. Lolol you guys took months to open up and you just opened and you're missing the ingredients.. terrible service, quality and fake publicity.

The drinks were ok but not superbe. My fiancé complained how his drink was super strong. Aparently they are wasting 3ounces of rum per drink ( a small 1 cup) eesh that's super excessive ! Not really impressed 

Service was mediocre , the place was mediocre and no signs of the new tikki bar .. so disappointed!!笑
Super cute tiki bar in little Italy. The drinks are great and the decor is fabulous (they even have some relics from old closed down tiki bars in Montréal). The drinks are a bit pricey but the generally tend to be at tiki bars. The best part? The staff. Super attentive and helpful. It's a great addition to the neighbourhood