I liked the pizza offered here, good and cheap. It's perfect for the student on the go. The pizza had the right balance between salt, sauce, cheese and crust. 

Service is EXTREMELY fast so if you have only 10 minutes between classes you can be in and out in a flash! Just thinking of it now is getting my mouth watering. 

Check this place out if you get the chance.Ǿ
Having lived right beside Cora Pizza for a year during my early 20's, I can confidently say I have sampled enough to do a full review of Cora Pizza.

Lunch time, dinner time, late night, no matter what time of day a fresh piece of pepperoni pizza from Cora hits the spot.  Like many people have said, the price is right.  The portions are perfect and the old, gross pizzeria feel sets the mood perfectly.

This establishment is for basic pizza lovers only, cheese or pepperoni.  You want something crazy?  Go next door to Papa Ceo and grab a slice of there old crusty pizza with crazy toppings.Ǿ
This is the Only place I come to for pizza , beats any franchise pizza place out there I promise you that.Ǿ
I've eaten at Cora Pizza COUNTLESS times, but most of those times were back in the 90's when at uni. Well I was downtown heading to Scarborough after a few drinks and I found myself back on campus. I was hungry and knew I could get a slice here, even though it was 3am. The pizza is just as good a I remember it and at $4 a slice, reasonable. Let's not kid ourselves though, this pizza isn't gourmet; it's a fast food joint. It just happens to do that really well. It has always amazed me to have two pizza joints side by side (Papa CEO). They're both equally good and both have been here for ages.Ǿ
I'm eating Cora Pizza right now and my tummy is so happy!  They have my favourite rare ingredient - Artichokes!  And unlike their nasty and rude late night competitor, LG Amato, they give you more than one per slice  ^_^  A medium artichoke and garlic party was delivered right to my door for exactly $20, which included a $2 tip.  The super kind driver seemed to be involved in making my pizza as he arrived assuring me there was no cheese on it, YaY! (vegan deluxe).  I'm seriously smiling so hard about this, I have lunch for tomorrow - maybe.. it's so delicious, I can't stop!!!  nom nom nom  ^_^Ǿ
I am involved in an ongoing debate between which is better, this place or Papa Ceo's next door. I have always sided for Papa Ceo's, but these are my points about Cora's:

- often the pizza tastes undercooked, especially the dough, which is a huge no-no for pizza.
- no decent places to sit
- has often skimped through health inspections with a "conditional pass"
- no llbo license
- smaller slices
- staff not as friendly.

I can say what I will, but Cora's is still a place to pick up some cheap pizza. I'd definitely recommend Papa Ceo's next door over this place.Ǿ
Great food, great experience. Majin is an excellent employee of this companyǾ
F*cking delicious  hnmngggg. And they're open TIL 4AM!? Whaaaaaaaaaat! Don't have to get McDonald's anymoreǾ
if you went to u of t, if you lived close to new college, and if you went to the AC. you know what this place is. cheap delish pizza.Ǿ
Do not order. They got my order wrong and when I told the man who delivered he told me they didn't have the item I their menu. He never said sorry and was implement unapologetic. He just looked away and said no no no. When I told him it was on their website he just said no.Ǿ
Got a pizza slice (pepperoni and mushroom). I gave it two stars because unlike Planet Pizza, it didn't make me want to puke. Is there really no decent and affordable pizza place in this whole area??? Stay away from the garlic dip. Ugh.Ǿ
Lived at UofT New College

This was a frequent spot for everyone on residence for good reason.  Pizza slizes are huge and always crispy thin.  Great for late night snack that's not too damaging on your wallet.Ǿ
Pizza was fine, but not great. Tasted like many other independent pizza places I have eaten at -- I prefer more sauce and a more doughy crust.

The worst part was the very slow delivery. We waited 1 hour 5 mins for a pizza to be delivered 2km. Wouldn't buy again.Ǿ
Cora or Papa Ceo? It's Cora for me! The debate will continue to rage on, but I'm settled. There is nothing I can write here that will be of any use in deciding between the two, you just need to try them both and pick your favourite. Simple as that.Ǿ
2 stars. Looked bad upon arrival and was super soggy. Edible, so better than 1 star I guess.Ǿ
Right next door to another late night pizza place. I would say that they have a smaller selection than Papa Ceo, and the staff definitely seems to get grumpier in the wee hours than the joint next door. No place to sit. 

That being said, a decent slice of pizza for a few bucks. Only come when hungry!Ǿ
beyond horrible pizza, toronto sould be ashamed of themselves if they rate this pizza anything more then the trash that it really isǾ
A solid slice for a decent price, Cora Pizza is a good standby when other places let you down.  While they offer significantly less variety in slice toppings (at least of the by-the-slice kind) than next door rival Papa Ceo, I have to say that it's still a damn good slice in and of itself. 

Maybe the closest thing you can find in the core for a NY style slice, Cora offers the kind of drippy, gooey slice that every U of T coed dreams about grabbing after class.  The inside of the restaurant is decidedly tiny, but unless it's the dead of winter you'd probably not sit in the steamy shop to eat unless you're in a rush.  That's what the bench out front and any number of nearby parks are for.  

The slice specials center around the garlic and pepperoni slices - I am more of a garlic fan but the pepperoni slice holds its own as well.  I've tried the handful of specialty slices a few times and would just as soon choose the more basic offerings.  If I want a slice with lots of quality toppings I'd just as soon head next door to Ceo's.  Both are good for their own reasons, and this magical little corner of pizza goodness is a slap in the face to all the cardboard, rubbery-cheesed Pizza Pizzas of the world.Ǿ
It's a student favourite, especially for pizza after a night out. They are open till 4am I think (unless they've changed hours recently). It's cheaper and has larger slices than Pizza Pizza (almost twice as big). 
They have a good variety of slices to choose from. 
It is not a pretty place by any means to sit down and eat, but that's all part of it being geared towards hungry students I assume. One side of their wall is full of pictures of students that come in, and a proud moment for me was being included in that wall a few years ago! So that's always something fun if you go there a lot and you get to point out your picture to friends :) 

I don't try the vegetarian options, but I hear they are good, I normally get something that has pepperoni,  mushrooms and some other topping. Prices range from $3 - $5(ish) a slice if I remember correctly and I think it's worth it for the amount of food you get. 

Of course, expect it to be greasy!Ǿ
Like my checkin, great pizza a little more on the sparse side for the sauce and the onions on the meat lover were a bit over powering but it was delicious nonetheless and very nice man behind the counter :)Ǿ
OKAY GUYS.

I may have been really drunk last night (please  look to the original post for my "stumbling out of a cab onto Harbord" comment, oh and for the record, I did NOT stumble, but you get the idea) BUT I SWEAR that Cora's was open! Here were some indicators: The customer standing inside. The "warm glow" coming from the windows. And the pizza. I swear I saw all 3 of these important factors. I must return later today to confirm this.

UPDATE:
Yes, it is open. I went in last night and you could tell they worked hard to get back in business. Heck, I could smell all the products that went into cleaning the place up. I tried to uphold a conversation with the owner, but his Italian accent got the best of me and I got confused after he said people were "jealous". In which I replied "People were jealous that you got closed down? How does that work?" (Perhaps he meant re-opened?) The owner just chuckled, said something Italian and pointed in the direction of Papa Ceo's. Anyway, I had the pizza. The pizza was good. I never want to partake in this again, so I shall call Cora's Pizza an open and shut 'oven'.Ǿ
Cheap, well-made, delicious pizza. What more could you want? The slices are hugggeee with lots of toppings and great flavor, for only $4 a slice! Definitely a great lunch option if you're looking for a quick meal. They have quite a few selections for toppings, they heat up the pizza in their oven in the back, and it comes out crispy and warm. The only downside here would be the lack of seating -- just one table and a small counter. I imagine that most people grab their pizza to go though, so that's likely the reason for limited seating. However, overall, a great choice for pizza!Ǿ
Cora was a standby when I was at U of T twenty years ago, and it's exactly the same now. The only better pizza joint in this part of donw is Pizza Gigi, which no one will be going to anytime soon. The pizza is good and cheap, and they're open late. Perfect for lunch or a snack after last call.Ǿ
Fairly good pizza giving huge slices for an extremely reasonable price. Only takes cash (but has a debit machine) and doesn't have many places to sit but staying open to 4am is a huge plus. Really quick service if you just buy slices to go and has a buy ten slices get one free loyalty card.Ǿ
Dear, Cora Pizza...

I love you and all the yummy goodness you have provided my stomach over the past two years. As a proud 'card' holder, I will continue to offer you my undying loyalty $4 at a time. Your service, food, pricing, and hours of operation are amazing. Thank you for satisfying my daily pizza cravings. 

PS: I recommend trying every slice they have to offer.Ǿ
We had a craving for a late night extra cheesy pizza. Cora tasted good and the cheese wasn't very greasy (good quality). The delivery was also very quick. However half of the pizza was lost to the lid during delivery because no pizza box lid supports were used. Too bad a lack of a $0.02 piece of plastic ruined this.Ǿ
I've been here dozens of times and there will be more. A great place to grab lunch or a sleazy dinner. $4 slices are a quarter of a pizza, and there is always a good range of toppings (my go-tos are the Emiliana and Romana, with some combination of roast zucchini and peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and ricotta or goat cheese--I can't remember exactly). They give stamps, so if you go in often, every tenth slice is free. They have a nice bench to sit on out front, the crust is always heated up to a nice satisfying crunch, and everyone who has ever served me here has been very sweet. I think the ownership changed sometime in the last year or so, but the prices and quality (=value) are as good as ever.Ǿ
I use to live next door, so this was conveniently there for something quick when my fridge use to be empty. There slices are a great size and greasy enough to fill you up. Friday nights would be playing Madden/NHL and having the craziest cravings, lets call it 'munchies' ... don't know why but I believe my floor had a lot of Marley followers and I would run to this place 2-3am. My friends and I survived Friday nights because of this place :)Ǿ
This joint has been a neighborhood staple for years. Not only is it across from the main UofT residence, but it's open most night's till 4AM and EVERYONE I know has been going there for their delicious crust since I was in high school. The prices are cheap, the pizza is fresh and they have a ton of vegetarian options. It's a legendary Toronto joint, and worth at least one stop off at to compare to your hometown hero pizza place any day.Ǿ
Been going to Cora's since 1994. Nothing much has changed, which is a great thing. That being the slices are heaped with toppings, are the size of your noggin, are well baked and harken to New York style pizza. There's a ton of variety to choose from and the staff are super friendly. Seating is quite tight and most folks just eat at the small counter or, in the warm months, out on  Spadina. There's a great select of drinks and a lovely picture wall capturing the client base over the years. A great place for late night pizza runs and is very popular with U of T students. It has a loyal following for good reason!Ǿ
I love Pizza and eat it more than any other food. I've tried all the major brands, the neighborhood pizzerias but Cora's is special. The crust is perfect, the toppings are well married and the overall taste is phenomenal. I live no where near downtown Toronto but make it a point that if I'm anywhere near there I will go to Cora's to grab a slice or two.
I would give this pizza the "Best Pizza in Toronto" award hands down. If you haven't had a slice you don't know what you're missing !!!Ǿ
it's a great go-to place for a cheap decent meal. It is much better than pizza slice king, which is next door. I love their Canadian pizza slice.Ǿ
One of the best pizza slices in the city.  

Of course, they should have a breathalyzer at the front door.   Especially after 11pm.    I've seen some of the most amazing slurred sloppy orders here from drunken college kids gone wrong.

"I'lll... HAAAVE....DA.....PEEPPPERRR...NO WAIT... THE MAOSCHION...NO WAIT THE... DO YOU HAVE A BARRRTTTHROOM?"

Consider your pizza slice the price of admission.

They're in pretty much constant competition with the other pizza joint next door.   After enough drinks they're probably pretty much indistinguishable.    I figure that the crowds always went to Cora's first because it was easier to pronounce.... or maybe they have a wider front door.  Who knows.Ǿ
Open late, Cora's is the best bet for UofT students to get a good pizza late at night. 

They have great pizzas with great topping combinations and most importantly their slices and pizza's are FRESH (as compared to the place next door to Cora's which looks like their pizza's have been sitting out there for a few hours if not the whole day). 

The owner is super friendly and it has a really cozy feel with all the pictures on the wall showcasing all their customers from 20 years ago.Ǿ
Best pizza in town. I eat it mainly late night but I've had it during the day too to confirm its awesomeness. In fact, I eat it as left overs the next morning and it still tastes great. 

Thin and crispy. I get the ground beef with feta (feta being something custom that the lovely old man puts for me when he sees me coming through the door). In fact, as strange as it sounds, on the random evenings that I do show up, he always has this one slice waiting for me. Says he makes it just in case :)

Service is fast. Considering he is the only one that runs the show all week long (with a help of another).... at his age its very impressive how dedicated he is to his pizza. He is as much of a reason as the pizza itself for my visits.Ǿ
Yup, you get a big slice when you go here. But there's nothing special in the pizza itself I've found. I heard all the talk about Cora, made the trek here, and never went back in all honesty. There are many better food options around.Ǿ
Someone introduced me to Papa Ceo's on Spadina Ave., right south of Harbord St., and I had no idea the love affair I was stepping into. Cora's is the pizza joint right next door, and the two have a friendly rivalry, and have had for years. On any given Friday or Saturday night at about 3 a.m. you can see the line-ups of boozed up merry-makers standing in line for a steaming slice of their favourite pizza. Which is better? Cora's or Papa Ceo's? There is no right answer. I was in the Papa Ceo's camp. Some of my friends swore by Cora's. Cora's slices were huge, fit for three. The bigger the better. The crust was doughy, so was Papa Ceo's. Cora's had a special homemade tomato sauce. So did Papa Ceo's. It didn't really matter. At 3 a.m. people tend to be set in their ways, and want what they want. You could often here people in line having drunken' conversations about which pizza place they liked better. Sometimes there were shouting matches, but people kept either to the left or the right, rarely crossing over.Ǿ
My favorite pizza joint thus far (in Toronto). The crust is thin and light, a good amount of cheese, and the sauce is not too sweet. My favorite slice to order is the margherita. The pizza always tastes fresh to me. The joint is vegetarian friendly with the right amount of selection. I agree that this is the closest thing to NY style pizza in Toronto, though it barely comes close. :) There is barely any seating in Cora's unlike Papa Ceo's which is more sit in friendly with a tv. Love this place though!Ǿ
Delicious!  I've been trying to find a better pizza place in Toronto since I moved here over a year ago but nothing has beat Cora's.  I don't eat out a lot, I've probably only been here 4-5 times, but it is definitely the best pizza!
The inside of the place is really hot during the summer and there isn't really anywhere to sit but I'm just rating the pizza.  So delicious!  The cashiers/cooks have always been super nice too and friendly.  HUGE slices too, I could split one with a friend and still be full! :P