One of the first places I visited on my first trip to Montreal many years ago, and every time I'm in town, I still stop in. 

Great beer selection and the food (all vegetarian) can't be beat. Prices are cheap, but be sure to be generous and leave a big tip to the employees, as it's a collective and they don't get paid to be there. 

Really awesome shows too - the few times I've randomly popped in, the bands have impressed me enough to buy CDs and fall in love. You can also come in and buy tickets for the bigger-name shows that play at La Sala Rossa across the street. 

Definitely one of the coolest places to hang out in the city!笑
Casa is 2 rooms now, one is tables and couches, tasty nachos and sandwiches, zine library - a pretty, ramshackle, dim, perfect space for thinking, drinking, drawing and eating vegetarian tasty inexpensive eats. The second room is a dedicated performance venue accessible from a backside door in the resto/cafe. A perfect little venue for ~100 to cozy up to exceptional music and feel tucked away from the world. The people behind Casa also run the music venue across the street at Sala as well as a sweet space for travelers above Casa called Pensione Popolo, and they do a lot of the booking for Il Motore up on Jean Talon. They also run a festival of resistance music called Suoni Per Il Popolo that brings life-changing music into close encounters with the city. 5 stars fer sure.笑
eclectic, easy chill environment.  I love coming here when i when just want to get out for a beer & snack.  Always hits the spot!  Ps. I wish they had El Jimador tequila & cognac for coffee!!!笑
Casa del popolo (maison du peuple), porte bien son nom. C'est un café intime, aux saveurs végétarienne, où y fourmille la culture sous toutes ses formes.  Plusieurs événements musicaux de la scène underground, prestations artistiques, galerie d'art, c'est un chouette endroit pour déguster un robuste café équitable, le genre d'allongé mousseux qui ressemble à de la crème sans même en avoir ajouté. Une chance que le café en vaut la peine, car leur chocolat chaud, assurément en sachet, est tout simplement infecte, c'en est décevant. En tout cas, ils ont de la bonne bière en fût!...de la McAuslan (griffon et compagnie). La nourriture végétarienne est correcte, sans plus...

On vient partiellement ici pour l'ambiance décontractée. De beaux et grands divans  à la victorienne, une musique éclectique et des rencontres stimulantes. Le service est assez nonchalant, surtout lorsque le personnel est occupé à bavarder... Il n'est pas impossible non plus d'être contraint à s'expliquer en anglais! Oui! Certains serveurs ne comprennent absolument rien du français et à vrai dire, c'est assez embarrassant...à la limite, frustrant, de se voir refuser un service à Montréal dans la langue officielle de la province... Oui, la communauté anglophone montréalaise est en hausse perpétuelle, surtout dans les arrondissement du boulevard St-Laurent, mais ce laxisme linguistique devient de plus en plus problématique pour l'identité franco-culturelle de la ville...笑
This bar is an institution and rightly so. It is a cornerstone of mtl's indie music scene and a great meeting place for musicians, artists, activists, etc.. The prices are decent, the food is tasty and bonus points for rocking the vegetarianism. The place is generally super welcoming and comfortable although be advised that later in the evening/night it gets pretty crowded and loud. In the summer, they have a very charming courtyard with tables. 

My reason for 4 stars instead of 5: I have a friend who has gotten sick from their food a couple times which is a little scary (that being said, I have eaten there dozens of times and never had a problem and am not personally discouraged from eating there).笑
I've hit this bar on every trip I've made to Montreal, and it has never failed to be a good time. The beer selection is always great, the DJs always spinning good tunes, and somehow a seat is always available to be found. This time around we also ordered some nachos (which were delicious), and purchased a little graphic story from a Distroboto (super cool)!笑
Cafe food is usually a snore, but Casa manages to make a very decent everything. I wouldn't recommend only going for the food, but the ambience as well as the terrasse and sometimes, there are bands playing. Oh, and the bar, of course. The food is your typical vegetarian fare, goat cheese everywhere, hummus, pesto, tofu. The hummus does stand out though, and it is wonderfully spicy. Everything is done properly, and the prices are what you'd expect of a hipster cafe (re: a little high, but nothing outrageous). Another stand out is the salsa and chips, or the nachos. As for drinks, the cider is quite good, and they have a few good local beers. My only complaint would be the whiskey sour I ordered. For a hefty 9$, I got a tiny glass filled with tasteless liquid and SALT (!?!?) around the rim. Confusing. Overall, however, this place is quaint, and a wonderful hang out.笑
Meal: (1) Coffee; (2) Drinks and a sandwich.

Rationale: We went here twice. The first time (1) was to stop for a cup of coffee and (I think) steal wi-fi from somewhere to plan our next move. Maybe we weren't stealing. The second time (2) was to grab a sandwich after drinking a bit at Dieu du Ciel! and to spend down some of our last Canadian currency before getting on our return flight the next morning.

Food: (1) Decaf americano. Good. No complaints. (2) Chèvre sandwich. A bit too heavy on the chèvre. A bit too light on the other components. Still tasted okay, but heavier and tougher to get through.

Service/atmosphere: (1) Quiet and easygoing, just like a good coffee shop should be. (2) Given that our first experience of Casa del Popolo was as a quiet coffee shop, it was shocking to see it transformed into a crowded bar, complete with DJ (I forget his name, even though he spliced it into every record he spun). My sandwich took about 30-40 minutes to make. I was sitting at the bar watching it get made, sort of. I didn't follow too intently. But, even with 6-7 tickets ahead of me, is 30-40 minutes reasonable? I'm erring on the side of "yes," because I've never been a half-bartender-half-sandwich-maker and I don't want to cross any lines, here. Maybe they had to go get more goat cheese.

Conclusion: This place is a good, versatile spot to hang out. As long as you're in good company, it doesn't really matter if your sandwich is too cheesy. I'd return.笑
I went here last year with Bridget M. who talked a lot about Godspeed You! Black Emperor and I tried to look like I knew what she was talking about.

For a place that focuses entirely on vegetarian food, there's still plenty to be enjoyed by omnivores. Ardent carnivores (we all know them), will likely be disappointed but for them there is a great beer list that rivals anything in the area. The small menu has a number of unusual and wonderfully fresh sandwiches. The food seems remarkably cheap - especially for the area.

I had a lot of fun with the converted cigarette machine that dispenses mini-CDs of weird music you've never heard of. The music is seriously weird stuff, but some come in hand-made containers that are art in their own right. Maybe I'm just a sucker for machines that take my money and give me things.

The interior is cozy, but a little dark for lunch.  I suppose given this place is more of a night-life kind of place given its enormous calendar of concerts the dark interior shouldn't be an issue for most. Casa del Popolo is definitely a great and unique place to go if you're passing through Montreal.笑
Cheap beers? Check!

Good vegetarian eats? Check!

Broody bartenders? Check! 

Weird hipsters? Check, check, and check!

Casa Del Popolo is mi hogar lejos de casa (that means my home away from home for those who never studied Spanish). I go here to drink the best poured pints of St-Ambroise Blonde and to eat their nachos. Their nachos are topped with homemade salsa, homemade guacamole, sour cream and black beans. For cheese they use old cheddar cheese which really holds everything together for me. Accompanied by a beer (on Mondays and Tuesdays, they sell their pints 4$ each hence all the hipsters) it's the best late night snack. Hell, it can definitely be dinner as well! I love this place.笑
Pretty solid in terms of a neighborhood watering hole. The drinks are very reasonably priced and they even have a decent snack menu (try the nachos).

What I like the most, though, is how the show bar is separate, meaning that you don't have to pay cover or deal with bands if you don't want to. There is also a very decent terrace out back in the summer (perfect for smokers).笑
À mon avis, le meilleur lieu pour découvrir la scène indie à Montréal.
Jolie petite salle, intime, assez bonne sélection de groupes d'un peu partout, on retrouve souvent des groupes qui se produisent à NYC dans une des salles associées au Bowery Ballroom, pour ceux qui connaissent.
Et joie! la bière non seulement n'est pas chère (5$ la pinte), mais en plus on offre toute la sélection des bières de McAusland, et même un cidre, toujours au même bas prix.  Et le son est bon!  Et l'entrée pour les spectacles est généralement très peu dispendieuse (8-12$ pour 2 groupes).
Seul bémol, concernant les spectacles, leur site internet devrait proposer des liens directs aux groupes qui se produisent, et ce serait génial!  Pour l'instant, ça demande de chercher un peu, à moins de connaître intimement tout ce qui se produit comme groupe indépendant à travers l'Amérique du Nord et ailleurs...

La première salle fait un peu restaurant et un peu bar, mais je ne m'y suis jamais attardé, alors je n'en parle pas.
La terrasse arrière est très agréable et confidentielle.  Un plaisir durant l'été!笑
Casa is awesome. I go here several times a month. Either to eat awesome nachos, drink cheap drinks, see a band, or listen to a friend DJ. Really cool place that is good for various times of day/week/year.

I only don't like it too much on weekends as it's too packed and a younger college crowd. But otherwise, great place.笑
I have to give Casa Del Popolo this, after 7 years as a server and bartender, they did show me something new. 

The food was timely and good, the liberal accompaniment of nachos and salsa was greatly appreciated. I had a vegan burrito, it was totally solid and I would definitely have it again. 3/5 on the Burrito.

The service though...

We were there at maybe 6pm on a Saturday in a group of maybe 8. There was probably 12-16 people in the place at the time and 4+ staff. Our orders hit the kitchen in a set of 4 and then another set of 4 maybe 20 minutes later. TL;DR Casa Del Popolo was overstaffed at the time, as it was preceding peak hours.

Which makes the following completed F'd up. 

My friend and I received our orders, we were sitting on the terrasse in the back.  We had no utensils and given the size of the burritos they were needed. My friend asked for utensils and the server responded with... direct quote "Get them yourself."

WTF 1/5.笑
Cheap drinks, comfy seats.
Unimposing atmosphere.
Perf' for tight wallets.笑
Maybe I shouldn't be surprised...but the burrito was really good. Solid selection of nice québécois beer, too. The venue is a classic dark and small CBGB-style Rock box with well-worn floors, a great vibe and a quality sound system.笑
So I'm sitting at the bar killing time until the New Country Rehab set starts.  I'm drinking a Glenlivet & water, which costs me a whole $5.50.  I giggle about that for a good half-hour.  Guy walks up, asks the bright, yummy-looking, and fantastically-sincere barmaid on duty for a couple of Scotches on the rocks.  She pours Glenlivet as the bar Scotch, charges him eleven bucks for the pair.  We stare at each other.

"Did you just order Scotch on the rocks?"

"Yeah, and they poured Glenlivet!"

"I noticed."

Glass of Jameson is $3.50. 

Fantastic light over the bar.  Bartenders are real people.  Patrons aren't assholes.  Top-shelf whiskies at Canadian Tire prices.  McAuslan beers on tap. Tolerable noise levels. Oh, and usable restrooms.

Any questions?笑
I didn't try their sandwiches but I did like hanging out in this place. They had wonderful service and were lucky to be staying in an apartment right above this place. They aren't known for their cocktails so I don't recommend going to this place if you are looking for a classic negroni or old fashioned. I would say this place is a beer-only sort of place.笑
Music is not bad. Live shows are pretty cool. Ok prices Buuuuuut: don't order cocktails. Unfortunately they suck at making them and service was a bit slow. Last time I went, i had to wait while one of the barmaids texted on the job, gasp(I know) and then ignored customers while talking to her boyfriend. Not my favorite place to go for a beer.笑
I'm not sure how you could not love this place.
FOUR DOLLAR PINTS!

I love everything about this bar. Let's start with the room it is broken up into four sections the front part has some couches that you can Loungin and it's right before the bar the middle part of that room has a bar and some bank at seating. The bar is a really good place to sort of loiter and cozy up next to the good-looking person beside you ordering a drink. The back of that room has seating for larger groups and is a great place just catch up with friends.

Then if you go back through the back door turn right you will get to the patio it's a small patio but it's a cozy one. It is certainly not the best patio in Montreal and I would not choose it for the patio, but it is an option if you're smoker
From the back room if you turn to your left it is a small and intimate live music venue with some great bands
This is probably the real gem of the place. It is an entire definitely different room and five, or at least it can be on some nights
This bar is definitely a crowd pleaser
I didn't have any of the food, but everything looked pretty good and large portions
Online you can check out the schedule for live music in the back room. I think they have live music everyday
You'll also figure out pretty quickly that this is a fairly iconic music venue with some of the best indie bands starting from here笑
My group of friends was looking for a fun, hip place to grab a drink and hear some bumpin' music. They didn't have bumpin' music, but they did have pretty good drinks. The servers were lovely and the clientele was youthful and funky. Overall we got great feelings from the bar but disaster struck towards the end of our outing. When I was a still sips away from the end of my whiskey sour, a server came to our table and snatched the drink without asking and without us noticing. 

I would have given this bar 4 stars at least, but taking an unfinished drink is the cardinal sin of bars.

We recommend trying this bar for it's fun atmosphere, good drinks, and cheap prices - just make sure to keep track of your drink.笑
We hung out there between a day's out and going to Nuit Blanche, and the place is great!  I love the ambience there: shabby tables and chairs, modest and old decor, and good music (Belle & Sebastian and Jose Gonzalez were played in the background when we were there).  The staff were friendly and chatted with us.

Would definitely go there when I have more time to just relax with a cup of coffee or tea.笑
As a bar it's pretty decent. As for the food well... If you're going to prepare ALL your food in a microwave, can you at least hide it somewhere in the back. I would also appreciate it if the waitresses could wash their hands in between handling money and preparing my nuke nachos.笑
Cet endroit à tout pour plaire: un menu végétarien plus qu'abordable disponible jusqu'à la fermeture, de la boisson pas chère (les pintes de bières et de cidres à 4$ les lundis et mardis = joie!), un décor un peu bohème, une salle de spectacle et une jolie terrasse.

Après un spectacle donné par mes amis à la Sala Rossa, tout était fermé, on avait faim mais pas envie de McDo. C'est là que la Casa del Popolo est venu à notre rescousse. Si vous hésitez, allez y avec le sandwich au miel et chèvre, il est vraiment délicieux! Mais on passe pour les desserts, ils n'en valent pas tant la peine. C'est agréable d'avoir un endroit où se nourrir sans remords jusqu'à tard, et j'ai bien hâte d'y retourner durant la journée pour boire une bière tranquille en lisant sur leur terrasse!笑
If only there was less than one star. 
As a restauranteur, I consult with many food establishments and where do I start? This was my first introduction to Montreal, I heard good things about this neighborhood and this place has good street cred. Seems like the reputation is on a clique basis. 

The navigation of the menu is poor, which by the way is only on the wall.  (Not bad, but it's poorly categorized) am I ordering a soup or a salad? Not enough information. Service is shoddy. The poor staff has to wash dishes right in the entrance of the bar. It's the first thing the customer sees along with the back of the bartender. Good luck with them acknowledging you.  Another surprise,  CASH ONLY. but do they have that posted on a menu? That's right,  there is no menu to read besides the wall. Maybe on said wall?  NOPE. It's a fun game where you guess how to pay! 

How about getting an order in? If you like to wait 30 minutes for them to accommodate? This place is for you! I think their mission statement is "you're welcome for choosing us" good for your neighberhood friends,  but BAD FOR BUSINESS. 

It may have been the manager cashing my ONE DRINK (would've ordered more if they asked me) I paid my tab, pleading to notice my check and asked to pay. I'm taking my time counting my new found understanding of Canadian coins. The audacity of said manager staring at me  "we work for tips" I haven't even left establishment-I say, "if you pay ahead,  you tip ahead" wtf?! She didn't even talk to me,  if you check earlier, no acknowledgement from this person. No smile,  no hospitality (Some other chick poured my beer, and ask if I can order soon so I should close out with her) 

Didn't even deserve my one Canadian dollar as tip.
Where was the "work"?

Pitiful experience.笑
RUDE SERVICE, WRONG FOOD, 1H WAITING TIME (for a sandwich!).

This place is not even worth one star. I never got such a bad experience in Montreal. 

45 min after having ordered and paid my meal, the cook came to see me and asked me what I ordered. She then told me that as she didn't have what I wanted anymore, she prepared something else, and she gave me the plate without even asking me if I was okay with it. Let's not talk about apologies as they were none. No, no. "Take it or leave it, you stupid customer!"

What's actually better than that? Maybe the fact that she had no problem telling me how dumb I was be for asking cutlery to eat that sandwich I didn't even order in the first place which was falling apart! As she explicitly said: "other costumers manage to eat it like that, so deal with it!" How nice to go out after a long day and hear so many kind words from a person I actually paid and tipped in the first place (fyi, they only take cash: yes, everything about that place is awesome... NOT)!

Coming back? I'd rather stay home for a whole month than set foot there.笑
I only came here for drinks but I enjoyed them either way. This place felt a bit like a college bar but in a good way - your choice of sofas or chairs or outdoors or bar seating. A great cocktail list and a nice beer selection.

I also enjoyed the fact that they were playing Raffi children's songs while I was there. Strange but I'll take it.笑
Hit the revolutionary road only if you are looking for a remarkable night atmosphere. Take a seat near the entrance if you want to enjoy a warm and redden light while admiring the lightly silvered ceiling or move further in the back for a cozy spot. You can still take a seat outside if you feel like being sociable once plunged in the dark.

Well, now content wise, there is not much to blind you. Except their selection of Griffon beers the barmaid didn't not seem very cocktail savvy and her bloody Mary almost felt like an over salted soup. Moreover, there are no actual signature cocktails that would give this spot more personality. Haven't tried the food tho.

Crowd wise, although I agree that the patrons a very nice and open, you won't feel too welcome if you are not part of the hipster crowd.笑
Ok first-off, this place is "run" (as it's not really run since it's a collective) by one of the members of godspeed you! black emperor which makes it immediately awesome (the fact they have broken up however makes me awesomely sad).

It's got a fantastic beer selection, and the food can't be beat (unless you are a cranky carnivore, as it is all vegetarian). 

They put on live shows constantly that usually showcase up and coming darlings of the indie/art music scene. 

One of my favorite things about Casa Del Popolo is that they have a refurbished cigarette vending machine that, instead of vending cigarettes, will provide you with miniature art for $2, with items ranging from cds, minidiscs, buttons, mini dvds, stickers, whatever.

It is by far one of my favorite places to go in the city and by far one of the coolest.笑
Casa 2 rooms, and offers 2 things --- many a moons ago, this was the stomping grounds for such bands as Arcade Fire, Elephant Stone and countless other indie bands, elbow room and pints in hand is all this place could occupy max. before the fire laws were busted as well as the fact that you used to have to buy a samosa plate if you were going to buy pints of beer or glasses of booze. Time changes everything, except that they chucked the samosas, got a real license and opened basically a venue room, with only the load bearing wall in the way. But now you have two bars and people can actually move around and use the washrooms without standing on someone's coat. I've had lunch there and I would say it rivals Aux Vivres in freshness and veggie options and it's cheaper too as well as the fact the bar is open for biz. An institution in the best sense of the word.笑
Chill place.

This place is very different. It's a bit grungy and smells of smoke/mildew/alcohol from the night before, and is more of a 'help yourself' type of atmosphere. The service is relaxed and chill, but do not expect more than that. I sat at the table 45 minutes after I had finished eating (on my computer), and wasn't spoken to once, which leads me to believe it's a 'get up and help yourself' type of place, which I am cool with. If not then the service was despicable.

What I liked about the place is that it was rather empty and had comfortable seating, low lighting, unlike the more popular cafe down the street that is crammed full and bright lights and white surfaces. I was in a chill mood so this was better... until the music volume would shoot up then down again depending on what song played - that was a bit tacky, but completely forgivable.

I had the burrito which was decent. I also had a soy latté which was decent as well.

For a daytime coffee I would not return due to the smell and grunginess. I would return for a beer with some friends for sure. Price is right, and chill atmosphere.笑
I'm a fan
affordables prices, trésor music, nice ambiance and always some history to tell there... 
spécial for whose are looking the music笑
I'm just in love with this place.

During a recent stay in Montreal my friend and I stayed in the rooms upstairs (Pensione Popolo) and we couldn't have asked for a better experience. Not only are the rooms very nice and very inexpensive (double bed in a private room for $40/night), but the staff is super sweet.

We didn't check out the venue nor can I speak to their food or coffee but we enjoyed our fair share of nightcaps in the bar and loved the atmosphere. It gets pretty packed at night but not in an intolerable way. Great place to make friends if you're passing through, lots of interesting travelers come by here.笑
I've always loved the ambience here. Plus it has lots of good lookin' vegetarian and vegan food (and did I hear the bartender say the kitchen was open until 2:30 AM?) and $5 pints of beer. 

It just feels classy, with the high tin ceilings and warm colors. But then it's not too classy, either.
I used to come here for shows. They've still got lots of 'em, and I bet they're fun.笑
I like this place, beers are reasonably priced, bar staff are good and manage to make decent food behind the bar and serve drinks all at the same time. Music was good at times, and even when it wasn't good it was inoffensive which means you can still have a conversation. 

I didn't go to the venue or the terrace so can't speak on those but loved the cafe/bar.笑
I have to say, I use to go to the Casa a lot when I was studying at Concordia University and I went there last Tuesday to see a show by local bands IN DAYS OF YORE (www.idoy.ca) and David Woll (http://davidwoll.ca/)

I was pretty impressed with the design of the building. The interior design of the show room is vintage and visually appealing.  The Casa is locatied in the Mile-End just streets away from the Plateau and the terrasse is super natural with vegetation and trees inside!

I highly recommand the food as well.  The sandwiches are tasty, filling and nutritious! Great combo!  And to top it all, the prices (food, shows) are way affordable for all sorts of budgets (students, young professionnals, etc.)

http://www.casadelpopolo.com/笑
About as French as it gets :)

Great atmosphere, better beer, good eats.

Well worth a visit.

THEY ARE CASH ONLY笑
VERY affordable! Music was a bit too loud though. They had lounge-type music playing. The place is pretty dim and quite cozy!

I got a hot chocolate for $2.75笑
Came here whilst visiting Montreal to catch a show and have a few drinks.  Was not disappointed by either.  There is a nice separation between the bar area and the area where the bands are playing, so if you're waiting for a particular band, or you just want to get out of the noise room for a little while, you can come back to the bar and relax without having to go outside into the cold.

A friend I was with had the queso burrito, and he enjoyed it.  Decent selection of good beers, too.笑
This place is OK.  It's probably better for the coffee/bar than the food.  The sandwiches were alright, but not mind-blowing.  This is more of a hip hang out spot than a place for food.笑
This place is so hipster and cool I felt I am not cool enough to be inside. If you come here be prepared for a different experience. There are so much cool stuff in here first all the menu is vegetarian (WO-HO), second the beer is cheap (6$ a pint. 4.5$ a bottle) and you have a reasonable selection of tap beers and third they have live shows. So sure I may not be pleased with the way they poured my beer (to fast for a stout), but the atmosphere vibe and everything around is worth it. Again clear you mind and come prepared for an adventure.笑
La Casa del Popolo, c'est décontracté rare. 
J'avais super faim en milieu d'après-midi et je m'y suis arrêtée. Mais c'est quoi ce giga sandwich? C'était bon, pas assez pour se rouler par terre, mais bon, ça bouche un coin solide. 
Une p'tite bière avec ça. 

J'ai trouvé ça un peu cher, ce sandwich, honnêtement. Mais c'est pas grave. C'est tellement décontracté. Pas vraiment possible d'être stressé, pour les sous ou pour autre chose. Sauf quand tu parles pas en anglais, et que tout le staff se parle en anglais. Et pour jaser, ben ils jasent. En masse. Si t'es seul, tu pourras te divertir en écoutant leurs conversations. 

J'ai hâte d'aller y voir un show, parce que c'est pas mal ça l'objectif, si je comprends bien. J'avais envie d'aller visiter la salle adjacente, mais j'étais trop gênée devant tant de hipsterness et de queerness. J'pense que c'est mon plus grand complexe, pas être assez queerster. 

Genre d'endroit où j'amènerai une amie vegan pour parler de mes expériences de vie en tant que femme cis homonormative autour de quelques consommations alcoolisées. En étant décontractées.