Husband ordered a cake and some cookies for my birthday. Cake was the best, fresh and looked amazing. The cookies-Italian amaretti cookies were the best I've ever had. We will definitely order from here again!!Ǿ
I recently went in here and ordered a cake. The cake was amazing and tasted like heaven. They have cupcakes, pastries (cannolis and other Italian treats), food like lasagna and chicken Parmesan, deli meats, fresh baked breads and buns, and gelato. 

This place opened fairly recently and deserves a lot more recognition! It's awesome!Ǿ
The best hot food too bad they closed their store front. They indicate on a sign that they still do catering and cakes. I have been calling them today and no response. Not sure how you can contact them to place an order.Ǿ
This little Italian place has amazing food and we had quick service! Their sandwiches are made fresh and the portions of homemade lasagna are huge. Make sure you leave room for their desserts I would definitely recommend giving them a try :)Ǿ
Ora Mangiamo baked cupcakes for our wedding and we ate there several times before deciding. They are always fresh and delicious! The lemon and pistachio were especially our favourites. The staff are very friendly and were willing to be very flexible and accommodating with our requests.Ǿ
I've had better, in other parts of the City especially woodbridge.

Out of all the times I've come here, I've tried a meatball sandwich here, a cupcake, a slice of cake and a cappucino.

The coffee was the best experience for me, a little bitter (the way I like it).

The sandwich was mostly bread, the cakes tasted sugary and not fresh, similar to Costco cakes....not authentically made.

My husband loved his sandwich and dessert, and he is more picky than I am.

But I grew up on authentic desserts.....Ǿ
It was my dads birthday, so we decided to get him a cake. My dad is a huge fan of cheese cake (I'm not at all) but it was his birthday, so obviously I would get him what he likes. So instead of going to metro like we usually would. I went and got a cheese cake from here. OMG!!! This cheese cake was amazing!! I don't even like cheese cake but this was so delicious!! The next day I went in my fridge for some more and to my surprise it was all gone!!! You must try this cheese cake!!! Also my fav thing ever is their salted brownie, talk about addicting!! This is the best brownie I have ever had!! Also their  gelato is pretty kick a**!!!Ǿ
Alright, so I should start by saying, I just happened to be in the area because I had gone to Lamanna Bakery to try to get some Lobster Tails. If you want the full story, go read my review on Lamanna. Anyway, I was so irritated that I went to my car and looked up bakeries in the area, on Yelp and found this place. It was less than 5 minutes down the road. It wasn't busy at all and the pastry case was full of pastries. 

The girl serving me was incredibly nice and very informative. I asked if they had Lobster Tails and she said they sometimes make them but they didn't have any today. She told me I could call in ahead of time to check if they had any. If you ever see a Lobster Tail pastry, buy it immediately. I will definitely be back, even though it's about 30km away from me.