Extremely surprised by this place. I actually avoided it for a while because it looked a bit out of place. 

Went in tonight after my painting class because I was starving!!

I ordered a standard Gyro, cajun fries and baklava. 
When our food arrived, it was well packed. See pictures. 

I love the fact the sauce was on the side. In my opinion, when it isn't, it makes the pita wet and soggy.
The Gyro was well cooked and delicious. I actually ate the entire thing. I ordered a medium and it was plenty. 
The fries were tasty and not overly seasoned. The baklava was rich, nutty and delicious. 

Late night dinner just got a bit easier. 

I'll definitely be back.笑
Excited to try Merchant but disappointed in the quality of customer service.  The staff seemed less than exuberant to wait on customers.  With such an amazing view of the park, and on Taste of Tremont day, none the less, my expectations were set high but were, unfortunately, not met.  
I would not recommend笑
these guys are great !  I crafted my own gyro with chicken, garlic, lettuce, tomatoes, feta, cucumber sauce, and greek olives.   Best Everrrr!!!   Thank you!!!笑
On my way home from the Cedar Lee Show and saw the restaurant, I have not had a Gyro since High School and I had to stop in and savor the flavor of a Gyro from Best Gyros!  It was delicioso!!! Huge portions!  Great price!  Had mine topped with Lamb, Fresh Avocado, Tomatoes, Leaf Spinach, Sweet Onion and Cucumber Sauce!  I wish we had one on the west side!笑
Called in a to go order for 45 minutes later and it was ready upon our arrival.  However, we still had to wait 15 minutes in line to get the to-go order, which kinda defeats the purpose (of avoiding a line) 

The food was hot and tasted great.  The pita was thick and fluffy and the meat was real, not a frozen imitation.  My only request is that they add some GREEK rice to the menu!!笑
Not the best quality food but it excels at quantity. The regular size is huge and I assumed that you would need a trailer for the larger sizes.

The staff is extremely friendly and it is easy to get in and out with street parking right outside the door.

They are open late so it is a great place to pick up a quick bite on your way home.笑
Didn't get to try anything but the baklava. And it is a huge, sweet, honey-soaked baklava. However, it wasn't very flaky or crunchy, it was mostly just a huge pastry globbed with syrup everywhere. Still, I liked it, despite it not being more traditional.  Cashier was funny and nice :-)笑
Horrible food! The chicken is bland. The fries are not salted. The guy taking the order was least interested- felt as if he was doing us a big favor. Will never. Set foot here again.笑
Made to order foods; we had the Gyros and chips, but nothing else.  With 2 eating one entree, it was just about right... and the way I'd suggest ordering food here if you're trying not to burst at the seams. 

Earnest, friendly service is probably the true highlight.  It'll be really interesting to see how this place proceeds to brand itself, and whether it will stay relatively generic.笑
Let me start off by saying that I love how convenient Best Gyros is but location and hours can't make up for sub-par food. Twice I've gotten carryout and each time I asked for extra crispy french fries. I think the fry cook saw "extra crispy" on the ticket and deliberately gave me raw, floppy, greasy "french fries". Clearly no one cares about the food they are putting out and it shows. The lettuce on my gyro was so greasy it became transparent. The tzatziki was warm greek yogurt. The actual gyro meat was tasty but cold. When I first moved to Cleveland Heights I liked Best Gyros. It seemed clean and convenient with a fool proof menu. Now I see the place for what it really is, mediocre college fare that's only edible when drunk.笑
Their new Lee Rd location does great! Their Gyros fully satisfy my cravings and after eating there a half dozen times or so; I have never had a disappointing experience.  People working there are always motivated and they run a tight ship.  Their fried mushrooms are magic in the mouth and it is rumored that they will start delivering soon.   Very happy to see a good Gyro shop open on Lee Rd.  A pleasure to eat in or take out.笑
"Best" Gyros - umm , not.
I've been here twice - once within the first week of opening (so I'll discount that mediocre experience) and then now.  My latest order was at 11:30 AM. I ordered the regular size meat lover's gyro, which, according to the menu, has seasoned, cubed chicken in addition to the gyro meat and regular ingredients. 
 It was highly disappointing; here's why:
1.) I had been looking forward to a gyro for days - so the "Best" sounded like luxury. But,
2.) the gyro meat was dryed out, not slightly charred, not luscious as it should be. More spins without cuts for customers equals more jerky-like product and, lamb jerky, while a heck of a good idea, is not what I had in mind for lunch. Did you guys forget to pay the gas fired spit grill bill?
3.)  I looked up tzatziki after this experience and in all the best reviewed recipes I found - all had a critical component that I felt was gapingly missing from this joint's sauce - acid. Best Gyro's sauce is like cream cheese with herbs - advice to management - walk across the street to the Turkish place and just taste their food, lest you be embarrassed to ask for advice.  This creamy, too stiff sauce was consistent with visit one and would be best served on a mish-mosh bagel.  Please offer cut lemons for people who like gyros.
GOOD THINGS:
1.) the flat bread was griddled perfectly.
2.) "BEST" Actually - After hearing your apparently non-grecian staff handle phone-in orders pronouncing the Establishment's name on greeting I became freed forever of my fear of offending greek restaurant owners everywhere - it shall forever be as I first thought it should be- my "kronos emancipation pronunciation" - 'ghai (like chai, as in tea) -row", ghai-row, not 'yee-ro'.
3.) BEST - when you guys fail, and you're set up to, the physical plant and what you've done to it is perfect for a worthy replacement. The landlord is the winner here. 
Get a grip on the basics guys and I'll be back.笑
Great Service Been There on more than one ocassion and customer service is A1. The Gyros are freaking awesome and they're so many different types of gyros笑
Good gyro, a tad pricey and polite (but slow moving) staff. The place was clean and bright. We'll be back.笑
Anytime a superlative is in the title of a restaurant, I'm weary...and "Best" Gyro is no exception. There's nothing "best" about this place. Average Gyro, Kind of OK Gyro, Nothing else open Gyro. These would be more accurate terms. Not much to say here. If you want the best, try the rest.笑
Really good when you want some late night food! I love their fries, so good. They are also open pretty late which is super convenient and have delivery when you're too lazy to go out!笑
i had phili steak gyros. the pita bread was well made, the meat scrumptious, and their cucumber yogurt was also satisfyingly cooling. definitely a good choice when you have cravings for gyros.笑
I had the "best corned beef in town" and it was not that great.  The sweet potato fries were OK and I like the layout of the place. I want to go back and try a gyro to be fair.笑
So good. The fact that they're open super late makes them even better. The gyros are huge and they have so many items you'll never get bored. Great all around spot.笑
The breakfast special is my go to on a regular basis. It is plenty of food and always hot and f fresh. The environment is very nice its a great place to just chill.笑
I tried it for the first time tonight and I had to run home and write a review about it. I've never posted a review, but this was amazing.  Seriously the best gyro I've ever had.  The lamb was amazing, the pita was fresh, and the sizes are HUGE!!!  +1笑
Not sure why this place has such low ratings. Huge ass gyros for a decent price. And where else can you get fresh cut fries at 3 am? Not even the Melt serves fresh cut fries anymore (despite what the menus say). Lucky to have such a great late night option in the neighborhood.笑
I think there food is really good....also besides their gyros..their philly cheese steak...hamburgers and also the chili cheese fries....its made fresh and it tastes awesum!!! The people are friendly there ..and its also open 24 hours on the weekend :)笑
Ah, the gyro; a sandwich of great joy to me:)

Best Gyros of Lee Road in Cleveland Heights serves the food hot, with great variety and amazing taste. I've never had a bad meal there and they serve a gyro breakfast platter that will satisfy even the biggest appetites. They have even have ice cream, baklava and small mixed drinks for the person in need of a small libation. 

They're hours are good,and there's metered parking in the lot just around the corner, and there's usually plenty of space. 

All together, this little corner gyro restaurant keeps my appetite spinning for more:)笑
Mediterranean Soul Food! Everything is huge and delicious. The falafels are a bit too big though and sometimes don't get cooked all of the way through. They should rename their Mac and Cheese bites to Crack and cheese bites. THEY ARE SOOOOOO GOOD!!! The service is great and they are funny too, especially the late night ones. It's not fine dining by any means, so don't expect that. It's cheap, delicious, good location, and open later than most things in the area. 

Price to tasty ratio - Awesome!笑
I went there a few days ago for a light meal, had a shocking experience...I was sitting outside eating my sandwich when I heard a person shouting, inside the restaurant stood an older man, about 65yo arguing with one of the workers behind the counter, at some point he hit the worker's hand and then threw what looked like a piece of paper across the counter and left in anger, two seconds later the worker, a big guy named Tony, about 45yo ran outside the restaurant and started chasing the disgruntled client, he was extremely angry and was threatening the client and swearing at him, other employees and myself pulled Tony back, but he kept wanting to antagonize the client, which in turns yelled back at him claiming he stole his coupon and lied to him, the client left and Tony went back into the restaurant.       

I was shocked at the stupidity of the client who went to this extreme over a "stolen" coupon, I was even more shocked and appalled with the violent behavior of the worker Tony who should have known better how to deal with a frustrated client in a peaceful manner. 
That was my second time in that eatery, I have no intention of ever going back there.笑
Literally the most disgusting falafel I have ever tasted . Fries were totally undercooked and soggy. Cucumber sauce is tasteless. Took forever to make too. Waited nearly 30 minutes. Gross, just gross笑
I have been eating at this place since it first opened up. I usually go during a late night cravings for gyros and chilli fries and it certainly does satisfy! The owners are very friendly and nice as well! The service is always attentive and assertive no matter how many intoxicated people come in during the late nights ! Their atomic gyros are really good and so are their chilli cheese fries ! One of my other favorites is steak and cheese! The brownie is really good as well! The prices are great! The portions are big! And the food is fantastic !笑
Love this place!  They have a huge variety of food options (way more than just gyros).  They accidentally forgot to include my onion rings once and when I went back they not only replaced them but also gave me a free desert.  They are always really nice and the food is very tasty!笑
This is best gyro is very convenient, and clean. now with that being said, the morning crew is very rude and impatient. Doors open up at 10am, I arrived at 10:02 am, I asked the older guy if he wanted a few more minutes to continue to "set up". After he rolled his eyes, took several deep breaths he says; let's go, let's go, I got other things to do let go with the order! didn't appreciate the way he talked to me an my wife. so the hell with this  place for breakfast.  I recommend late night food with a better group of employees.笑
Munchies late night, well this place is your munchie heaven. I know it's processed meat hell, but it tastes so good and builds strong teeth and healthy bones.  Ok so maybe I'm full of shiz on that one.

So if you want something that is not Rallys and made fresh to order late night,  this your option. And not a bad option either. Food is made to order, the service is amazingly friendly, considering all the drunk azzz degenerates (no judgements whatsoever) that gravitate to this establishment. Prices are reasonable and for being one of the few late night options in the Peoples Republic of Cleveland Hts. you can't do much better than Gyro heaven.笑
This place is clean, the staff is friendly and the food has always been great.  Being up in Cleveland Heights for the summer, I will miss it when I leave, the salads are awesome with a pita under the salad. Everything I have eaten there has been great!笑
I had the bourbon gyro, large.  
It was awesome!  I normally have to ask for extra cucumber sauce but they enclosed 2 sides with it.  I was barely able to find the pita under the mountain of meat on top of it, but once located it was crispy yet chewy.  Freaking perfect!
The sweet potato fries were also really good, they shook some cinnamon and sugar on them.  Yummy!

While waiting for my food I wandered over to their selection of ice cream, they have a decent variety.  I'm most excited to try Eskimo Kisses.  By the end of the meal, however, I was too full to even think about getting a scoop.  
Until next time...笑
Love this place! It's the best gyro I've had on the east side in a long time. The fries are good, a nice complement to the gyros. My only complaint is that there are no fountain drinks. I know, it's a little nit-picky but I much prefer fountain cola to bottled cola. The staff is friendly and on the occasions where I've ordered delivery, my food has arrived well before the promised delivery time.笑
This restaurant has gone downhill in the last year. The help has got to really hard to find. Counter girl got lippy with me. Phone takes priority over guest. Food ice cold. Order was wrong.  The gyros used to be tops and the location is great. The portions are very generous and the blend of ingredients is done well. They got my order wrong. A Greek salad does not have cheddar cheese. Sorry guys:(  I like the Jamaican gyro. They even botched that up.  Food was edible at least. Counter help could use a bit of TLC. I won't be back until they fix that......笑
I misspent my youth doing awful, awful things while working in fast food chains.

I'm sure I'll spend eternity in hell for my sins, but before I die and face judgement, I follow this rule about fast food: if the kitchen staff look like a bunch of deadbeat teens suffering from amotivational disorder, DO NOT EAT THERE.

So when I just want fast food, where to go?

Best Gyros.  The Cleveland gyro is fantastic.  So is the garlic and cheese one.  So are the sweet potato fries.  So are the salad wraps, if you're not in the mood for something gluttonous.  It's all good.

Eat anywhere else, especially at a franchise of  a publicly-traded multinational corporation, and you're playing russian roulette, but instead of bullets in a revolver, well, just imagine the grossest thing some metal kid could do to your food and then consider it's gonna be worse than that.

Best Gyros!笑
Only place I eat gyros best in town. The people that work there are very nice and the place is amazingly clean. My daughter thats super picking never gets when we go out ate her whole huge cheese burger. Great place for families. Go show best gyros some love and you'll teast the love. I will be back soon笑
Giant portions.  More expensive than I'm used to paying for gyros.  We got the garlic and cheese gyro, the philadelphia gyro, and a small order of sweet potato fries.  The garlic and chesse really didn't taste very much like garlic, but it was completely drenched in cheese.  The sweet potato fries were the best part of the meal... nice crunch, sweet, yummy, just what a sweet potato fry should be.

The sauce was off the mark... Tzatziki sauce (if that's what it was supposed to be) is supposed to be a magical blend of cucumber, garlic, lemon, dill, that comes together in a greek yogurt symphony to work magic into your gyro.  Or in this case, it's just a thick blob of some unknown components that really doesn't taste like much anything... such a let down.  

I won't be back unless I'm starving, and it's the only place open near by... but if they are open late, and if you're drunk looking for food, it's cheap and likely to be open.  I guess I've had worse street food when I'm really hammered.  I would probably have given 4* in my drunken younger days.

-----------------------------------
Explanation of my rating system -
5*: Epitome of something, the best I've had, would LOVE to go back
4*: Great food and happy to go back regularly, but not the best of the category
3*: Food is fine.  I may spontaneously decide to go there based on convenience.  But no need to go back either.
2*: If you insist, I guess I'll come along. I'll find something to eat. But I wouldn't have picked it.
1*: No plans to come back.  I'll try to talk companions out of going.笑
Every now and the I want a gyro - I like this place - everything is made to order and good.  I think the food is very consistent, and portions are big.  Prices are reasonable.  I am can't think of anything really bad to say other than sometimes they get a little backed up with orders when busy, but they make everything to order so that is to be expected.  The fries are really good too!笑
Yeah this place is fine. The meat tastes good and is usually filling. Get drunk and enjoy.笑
Not the best gyros in the world, but as far as late night food goes you cannot get much better. They have countless variations on gyros along decent fast food burgers. Also, they turned me on to the feta fries which are out of this world. Best Gyro is the kind of place you go to after a night out in the area or if you want something quick and tasty.笑
Awesome!!
The establishment is Clean, people are friendly and the Gyro was great!!
And very nice clean bathrooms.笑
The location is superb: in the heart of the Cedar-Lee district of awesomeness, just down the street from the Clev. Hts. Public Library. The menu is pretty extensive, almost to the point of being overwhelming-- but once you've perused the menu board a couple of times, you'll find that they have something for almost everyone. So far, my favourite has been a simple gyro with a side of cheese fries, but I'll occasionally venture into different territories. I've never tried their margaritas, burgers, fish 'n chips, etc., so I won't comment on those things.

Fries-- the servings are huge, and it's almost impossible for one person to finish their main dish and the fries in one sitting (and I always go there extremely hungry). I kind of wish they had an option for a smaller-size (and hopefully cheaper) order of fries, especially when ordering them as part of a combo deal.

Sodas are served in the plastic bottle form only, which also means no free refills.

The service is reasonably fast, though no lightning-speed McDonald's stuff to be expected here. Also, they have windows that fully swing open during summer months.

Parking... Is Cedar-Lee parking. Can't hold that stuff against these guys. (And I'm not bitter. At all.)

Definitely will go back... Often.笑
Food Poisoning. I came here on March 20th 2017 for take-out dinner. It was a busy day, and I hadn't eaten anything until then. I ordered a cheese & jalapeño fries and a falafel. The next day I was welcomed with food poisoning symptoms and by nightfall it had gotten much worse. I ended up having to take Wednesday-Friday off work because of this. This food put me in such bad state that even now (03/25/2017) I'm not fully recovered.

I called the restaurant today and asked for the manager, and told her what happened. I was told that the owner would be informed, but did not receive an apology. Whether or not the manager believed me, does not excuse this lack of decorum.

Honestly, I prefer not to write negative reviews. However given my frustration and the lack of immediate receptiveness to my situation, I believe this is my only recourse.   

I would recommend this establishment only if you're fine risking food poisoning.笑
I had a very poor experience with waiting at Best Gyros. I went yesterday evening, 11/19/2013, and ordered a regular chicken gyro. It took 25 minutes to prepare, and the woman at the counter almost gave my food to the wrong person. Further, there was another person who had to wait 20 minutes for his order, and he called 10 minutes before he arrived to place his order.

If you want an experience where the young girl is more interested in flirting with her classmates than taking your order, ready food waits before being delivered to the customer, and the food takes entirely too long to prepare, then you should come to Best Gyros笑
Jesus.  You need to try this place.  Order the Greek Girl, and you'll know what I'm saying.   It's so good I want to cry. ;)笑
Was up late when some cravings hit so we decided to give Best Gyros a shot (they deliver late on the weekends). Included in the order: 1 Jumbo Jerk Gyro (literally a mound of meat) with an extra pita (to help with the mound of meat because 1 pita surely would not get the job done), a side of Fries, and a Cheeseburger. 

1. The gyro was average. The jerk seasoning was a tad salty. They delivered my order so upon opening my tray I discovered one pita (soggy and completely inedible) placed beneath the mound of meat. Luckily I ordered an additional pita but now faced the issue of having more meat than pita bread. This was our first time ordering from Best Gyros so we weren't sure what to expect. If ordering a jumbo gyro I would suggest you request to put all pita's on the side to prevent condensation from destroying the meal (especially if you're having it delivered). Also, lettuce was soggy..lacked crispness. 

2. The cheeseburger was slightly below average. I ordered a plain cheeseburger (which is simply meat, bread, and cheese) but received a plain burger (bread and meat). I explained what I wanted but I guess the guy taking orders was too tired to double check *Shrugs*.笑
Ordered the Aphrodite gyro and zucchini fries; they were both amazingly good!! Portions were so big that I had enough for three meals (and it still tasted good).  This place is awesome!笑
The best place for greasy drunk food (or a quick lunch).
They recently added online ordering, which actually works (unlike other businesses in the area).  Monster-sized delicious wraps are my usual.  You'll always get a crazy amount of food for a cheap price.
A little bummed that they changed their thick-cut Zucchini Fries, to those little shoestring fries though, and they seem to mix up their ranch and cucumber sauce sometimes... That's it though. Everything else is awesome.笑
I had pierogies on a gyro. 

Let those words sink in.

Pierogies. On a gyro. 

Muther-farking pierogies on a muther-farking gyro!

This is a thing that has happened and it was glorious and it was at Best Gyros. 

If you need a place that's open late (midnight most nights, but FOUR IN THE MORNING on weekends) and  that serves yummy non-health foods with booze sold in wee small bottles, you need to go to the Best Gyros on Lee Road (just a block or so south of the Cedar Lee Theater). 

In addition to the obvious, Best Gyros serves breakfast (Hubby got scrambled eggs topped with gyro meat), about seven brands of liquor such as Skyy, Jameson and Captain Morgan in tiny bottles ranging in price from $4 to $7 (which could mix well with the Coke products they also sell) and, per a conversation Hubby had with the manager, they will soon serve ice cream and shakes (they had this conversation in March 2015). 

As for the gyros, there are nine "Seasoned Flavors" (prices vary by size, a regular is $8.99) and FOURTEEN of the "Specialty Flavors" (regular size is $9.49), one of which is the aforementioned "Cleveland Special Gyro" that was topped with deep fried potato and cheese pierogies and sauteed onions. The serving sizes are good - Hubby somehow managed to finish his breakfast, but I was full half  way through my regular size "Cleveland" one and had to take the rest home. I took pictures of our meals with our water/soda bottles in the composition so you can better gauge the serving sizes. I hope that's helpful. 

NOT a health food joint by any stretch of the imagination, but the kind of joint you'd want to visit before or after you hit the Lee Road bars.笑
I had a second experience with Best Gyros, and again, the falafel was outstanding. And hey, this place really does have friendly staff. Even the delivery guy was pleasant. Really, check this place out. They're doing things right.笑
Food is always nice and hot! The service is decent. The establishment is clean. I like how you can look inside the kitchen (that's always a plus) this is a busy place in a busy area. I don't expect outstanding customer service in a place that's always moving.笑
Great customer service and free wifi!!!! My salad was very fresh!笑
Falls far short of the 'best', but an overall good quality product. I am sure you can pick details you would change, but Best Gyros is a solid option, particularly late night on the east side. One of the few places you can find my fav soda, green tea ginger ale.笑
Sooooooo good I seriously don't see why people don't like this place the gyro meat is so flavorful and the bread is very soft plus every time I've been here the service has been great. Best Gyro in Cleveland.笑
Love this place. The staff is really friendly and they have been great about special requests. The trays are great for work/home parties. My only suggestion is a change in the sauce-it's a bit too thick and lacks flavor. They make yummy fresh cut fries (think "county fair fries"). Enjoy!