I just love this place!! Their spicy salmon roll is the best in my opinion :) service is great too. I come here frequently.Ǿ
This place is okay if you're in the area and craving sushi. The food was good, but nothing to write home about. We ordered the T1, which is the Sushi, Sashmi and Maki  party tray. In terms of price, it was excellent - it only cost us $28 for 36 pieces and included a mixture of sushi, sashimi and maki rolls. The sushi was good, but not amazing. The butterfish was not still semi-frozen in the middle, which was a nice! We also ordered the seafood curry to split. I liked the salmon in it, but really disliked the vast amounts of imitation crabmeat that was in there. I'd go there again, if I'm in the area and craving sushi, but I wouldn't go out of my way. Also, I think I'd order a la carte next time instead of getting a pre-selected tray. I'd like to note that although I only gave it 3 stars, the service here was excellent; waitresses were very attentive and super nice.Ǿ
Purchased a Yelp deal ($25 for $50).  The restaurant was clean and spacious.  We ordered a small-ish sushi boat along with some rolls to share amongst 3 of us.  

Miso soup was forgettable, salad was ok.  They use sesame oil in the dressing which was a nice surprise.  I was impressed with the shrimp tempura (came fresh out of the fryer and wasn't too heavily coated) and the spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls.

Dynamite roll was laughable - I forgot to take a picture but the roll was filled with tons rice, 10 strips of cucumber and a sad tempura shrimp.  

Sashimi and sushi were pretty decent.  Service was standard, took a while to get the bill but there was no hassle with using the Yelp deal.     

In conclusion, Double Sushi is good if you're just filling a craving but aren't looking for anything spectacular.  Stick to the small maki rolls and you should be happy :)Ǿ
I like the salmon skin hand roll (cone one piece) I guess they put on bonito flakes for flavour and  crunch. Haven't tried their standard menu items but I return just for the salmon skin.Ǿ
Spider roll, spicy salmon roll, fried dumplings and Octopus are very good. Take out. Very clean place and good service. I went back the next day and ordered the same thing.Ǿ
Awesome service, good price, great food! Every time we go, we order as if it's all you can eat. The wings, curry, green dragon roll and salad with their house dressing are my favorite. The grilled squid is also pretty great. I think they are pretty consistent with their food quality. We don't go super often (maybe once a month) but Michelle already remembers what we like. Really good place to go to have a satisfying meal!Ǿ
Their servers can't even talk properly in English. The problem is they don't want to understand. Their behave like if you wanna order do it or leave. Damn care manner and rude.Ǿ
Naturally, being one of the few good Asian restaurants in the East End, I've found myself here many times.

That isn't what keeps me coming back, though. The food and prices are amazing, and the staff/management always takes care of you. It's super-clean and quiet, even when it's busy. I highly recommend it!!Ǿ
If you've never tried rice tea, this is the place for it. Trying a mildly sweet warm liquid on a cold Saturday is how I spent lunch with my friends. Our waitress kept filling it up so often. This is a nice place that earns my respect because of the service received and a break from the traditional jasmine tea that is complimentary. I wish though that they played traditional music instead of the top 40 that was being played. There were empty seats when we walked in so we got seated immediately. 

I liked that our waitress helped us out to get the best possible value for price when we wanted to order soup separate from our meals. Their meso soup was tasty and unlike the ones I've tried before. There was tofu and greens in it. I wish they cut the salad leaves up into smaller pieces as it was challenging to eat large leaves with chop sticks. The sauce on the salad was the star. All I could taste was a hint of peanuts with the consistency of a thick sauce. I also had the teriyaki chicken with rice. Nothing really special about it except that it was on a bed of soft cooked bean sprouts.Ǿ
Had a very good $7.50 vegetarian lunch here today.  The spring rolls were crispy and not greasy at all. The tempura was fresh--not soggy or greasy.  The tofu was nicely done.  I thought the miso could have been a bit tastier.  The cucumber and avocado rolls were fine. The portions for my bento were generous and I was quite satisfied with my meal.  I try to be forgiving of these places that serve meals on the cheap--what can we expect?  But these folks did a nice job.  ALSO positive: friendly service, no TV, no radio, no music.  QUIET.  Clean bathroom. Comfortable seating.  Really a find.  I'd be curious to really try their sushi--to get a big meal sometime.  I'd come back here any day.Ǿ
Very polite people. Hardworking also. If the restaurant will move to Downtown, the owner will be millionaire soon. Great food!Ǿ
This place is amazing!  They're sushi is always very fresh and very good.  They have awesome lunch specials that are very cheap and filling and even offer brown rice options!  The staff if wonderful and very friendly.  We have never had an issue here and have become regulars.Ǿ
Great gem in the area. There is no sushi places where you can buy a dinner for under $20 near the beaches. Fresh and great salad dressingǾ
This place is average. The sushi and tempura is pretty good. Miso soup? Gross. Calamari? Less than average....I've definitely had better calamari that's for sure. I've only gotten delivery which was pretty pricey so I'm not sure how the prices are while dining in. 

I'd eat here again if I couldn't get anything better.Ǿ
Moved in to the neighborhood recently,  so we have been looking for a new sushi location for the family.  This was our first attempt at finding a new sushi restaurant.  I must say I was expecting better from the reviews i read.  I have had much better at the same price point.   

My son seemed to enjoy all the fried goodies.  Tempura and calamari was good!  The miso soup seemed to be watered down.   Some of the sashimi which should be serve cold was room temp. The fish on the sushi was cut thin with lots of rice.  

In the end it took me a while to receive my bill for which there were only 2 other patrons, so the restaurant was not busy at all.  

Side note, I did notice many people getting take out.Ǿ
This sushi place was amazing! Some of the best sushi I have ever had! The prices are very reasonable and you get huge portions, especially the bento boxes.  The service was great too and the restaurant is very clean and modern.  I honestly have nothing bad to say and will be visiting here again very soon!!Ǿ
(Take out, July 17,2015) Calamari deep fried in what tasted old and burnt oil. Miso soup below average (and I thought that Miso soup should be one hard to miss). Order online, but it wasn't prepared until I got to the restaurant and also got mixed up, we got an extra miso soup and no salad. Special rolls were okay, slightly on the larger size for most women's mouths. If you're badly craving sushi and you're in the area...sure, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this restaurant.Ǿ
I always order take out from this place so keep that in mind when you read my review. This place is pretty average in my opinion, better than an asian grocery store but not as good as the fancy sushi places downtown. I mainly just order appetizers because in my opinion they taste a lot better than the actual sushi they serve. The sushi pizza is my go-to usually. The sushi is so-so, nothing special. If you're in the area, this place will satisfy your sushi cravings but don't make it your first choice.Ǿ
Decided to go based on the reviews here. Not bad quality, but ordered some special rolls and they came with a sliver of fish and the rest was pure rice.Ǿ
We dined here on a weekday, it was not busy and seemed more popular for take out.  We ordered Karage (fried chicken appetizer) and 2 rolls (spicy tuna and one of the dragon rolls). Karage was average, came out more like Taiwanese popcorn chicken. They were uneven small pieces of chicken and the larger pieces were still cold in the centre. 

The salmon on the dragon roll was thin and the avocado they used was browning.

The tuna was the absolute worst I've ever had.  I'm not sure if it was just that particular day we went but the tuna pieces tasted as if it had gone bad. It too looked as if it was brown/greying.  

Prices were on the lower end, but not enough to justify the poor quality of food.  Will not be returning.Ǿ
Beautiful presentation, and yummy as well! What else could you ask @-@. Picture is the combination of Salmon lover, Tuna lover and Vegi lover.Ǿ
Since this is the closest sushi bar, I have made many visits. Waitresses are absolutely adorable and so friendly that it makes up for average food.
If you live close, I do recommend it!Ǿ
I was excited to try this place as it had good reviews and was fairly close to where I live. The food and atmosphere were decent. My overall opinion was that I'm not sure why this place got such high ratings/reviews. It was decent but not any different from any of the other mediocre sushi places all over Toronto. Perhaps because sushi places are scarce in that area of the city? Prices were good but I felt like you're getting what you pay for. The boat we got had enough sushi for the price we were paying. You won't get anything other than the basics either. But considering the price, you can't expect more. 

Have nothing negative really to say about this place but definitely NOT as special as the reviews make it seem.Ǿ
I have a soft spot for this place. It's around the corner from my house and it's a bit of a resto desert out here. I've always found the service to be friendly, especially since I typically have two young boys in tow. Basic - definitely - but I've never been particularly disappointed. I wouldn't recommend the place if you're looking for outstanding fish, but other items are decent. The kids love the sushi pizza, edamame, and miso soup.Ǿ
Due to Double Sushi's location, I was wary when it first opened. After some time, people added some reviews to Yelp and I tried it out. I've visited Double Sushi many times since then.

Double Sushi is generally inexpensive compared to other Japanese restaurants, but the quality of the food is very often higher than restaurants that are 50% more expensive. Double Sushi's menu isn't very big, but out of the many items I've tasted, I haven't received anything that could be considered less than "good." There are certainly other restaurants that I'd go to for specific dishes, but for an overall experience, Double Sushi is a great choice. The owner had clearly decided to concentrate on quality over quantity.

The one dish that no other restaurant has matched is Double Sushi's Tempura Don. I've been disappointed by every other restaurant's take on a Tempura Don.Ǿ
Needed a good sushi place and found Double Sushi from Yelp.  I live around the corner, drove passed it several times and assumed it would not be good (based on location and name of restaurant).  But if Yelp says it's good, it's probably good.  So I checked out their website beforehand, called ahead of time and placed an order for pick up.  

1. Customer Service - Fabulous.  They were cheerful answering the phone.  They were great taking my order, repeating it correctly, offering 10% on cash pick up, gave the total price, and stated how long it would take (it was quicker than they said).  First impression = impressed.

2. Restaurant - It WAS clean like everyone said.  Unexpectedly spacious inside.  No tiny tables squashed together.  Sushi bar with the young sushi chef proudly standing at attention.  2 tables of patrons.  They had my order ready to go.  And even chatted about the freezing weather for a bit.  Very friendly.

3. Presentation - Lovely.  Clear plastic containers showing the nicely displayed sushi.  Small plastic soy sauce containers with the lids (these are great!  I don't enjoy opening those messy tiny soy sauce packets).

3. Sushi - Surprisingly good.  We ordered Black Dragon, Golden Dragon, Spicy Tuna Roll and a Hamachi Pizza.  The flavour was great, the fish was fresh, the unagi sauce was thick and sweet.  

A few friendly tips:
- Improve the website.  Lots of missing pictures, and the ones that were there were small.  Invest the money or ask a nephew / neice to zazz it up.
- The name.  Can you do anything about the name, or is it too late?  It's probably too late, but if you do open your sister restaurant, take the time to find a cool Japanese name.  It's Toronto, we will learn how to pronounce it (ie. Izakayas are all over the place now).
- Decor.  This neighbourhood will likely become the next Leslieville (cross our fingers).  So here are a few of my favourite things: slightly dimmer lighting, soft music (koto is preferable, but modern is great too), greeting closer to the door (I walked in and was asked from the other side of the spacious restaurant how they can help, and I yelled back that I was there for pick up - felt a little silly).  

All in all, a great take out experience.  Looking forward to trying more on their menu next time.Ǿ
Double Sushi is the best kind of surprise.  The quality of sushi served here is definitely incongruous with the surroundings.  As Rosie S. noted it is attached to a Pizza Pizza, and I think it is safe to assume that we don't often equate quality sushi restaurants as being attached to a pizza franchise.  But in the case of DS don't let its close proximity to such fool you.  The food is GOOD, and the prices are more than reasonable.  The service was casual and friendly and our lovely server Michelle informed us that they are opening another Double Sushi further east, but that their new location will be an ALL YOU CAN EAT!  I believe the new location is attached to an existing Popeye's Chicken.Ǿ
Food was pretty sub standard, especially for the premium we paid. Not good quality or quantity as the sashimi was thin and mushy, not thick and chewy. Miso was bland, salads were bland. I'll give this four "meh" 's.Ǿ
Spicy salmon was the best, miso soup was delicious, quality was over average, and prices are mid range.Ǿ
This is close to my place. I love their service.very polite and friendly. I only ordered seafood ramen and salmon sushi. Thats only the best for me.The price is cheaper . They also have delivery.Ǿ
I went there last week. I spent 13.99 on the sashmi combo. Although the service is nice, but they purposely cut the Sashimi way too thin. It was not very joyful experience.Ǿ
Doubled back to Double Sushi and it was just as good as I remembered.

My new go-to sushi place in the East end. We ordered take-out (got the 15% discount), but it's a really nice establishment with cozy booths to relax and enjoy some tempura.Ǿ
I've been buying sushi here for some years now. The food quality is great. The sushi and teriyaki are fresh. The service is professional and pretty fast. The staff is friendly. I've noticed along the years that the portion sizes are slowly starting to shrink but I think this is good idea, considering the obesity epidemic all around us! I would recommend this place.Ǿ
Ordered takeout
The food came within 45 as per door dash.
The maki roll seaweed was very very fishy.
The wings were bland and had zero seasoning so it had that raw chicken smell.
I couldn't eat the food.Ǿ
I get delivery or take-out a lot from here and it's really good every time! They're super quick and the food is always great. I've never eaten in the restaurant but it looks very cozy and clean. The staff are always very friendlyǾ
We love sushi and we have sushi at least once every fortnight. We happened to be in the Danforth area and looked for good places on yelp. Went to Double sushi based on reviews here and was quite disappointed with the quality of the food. We ordered wakame salad, fried calamari, miso soup, the House rolls, spicy tuna rolls and  yakisoba. Besides the salad everything was pretty average...yakisoba was tasteless. We have had much better sushi and I would not recommend this place.Ǿ
I've ordered take-out here a couple times! Soup and salad is very generous size, and sushi is very fresh. The only downsize is the sashimi appetizer... they're very tiny :( otherwise, everything is good! There's also 10% discount when you pay by cash :)Ǿ
Customer service was very poor. And high prices for sushi and they give very little portions for what you pay. The food was decent but compared to a lot of the sushi places in Toronto, this is near the bottom of the list. 

Overall, it's okay, it's a place I would go if I'm in the Dan-forth area and I was desperately craving for sushi. 

Thanks for reading!Ǿ
The sashimi was warm when we got it. They should just be an ayce place due to the food quality. Go elsewhere.Ǿ
Living in this area of this city has a few perks. The major ones being cheap rent and DOUBLE SUSHI! 

I grew up in the east end, so to have a sushi place this good on the east end of the danforth is a blessing. I get take out from here with my gf at least once a week, I think they almost know us by name.

The tempura is super light and crisp and travels well, the edamame are always nice, but could use a bit more salt imo. Spicy maki set is always a sure bet, with equal parts salmon and tuna sushi, served with salad and miso soup. Other sure shots are the yam tempura, tuna and avocado, spicy crispy vegetarian rolls, and my gf swears by the unagi. 

The service is very nice, the young lady in the glasses being a favourite and the delivery is free in our hood. Be sure to thank the chefs on the way out as they do great work here. This isn't high end Hiro sushi, but it is good quality sushi in a hood that needs more variety and needs more people to frequent the quality restaurants such as this one that are around.Ǿ
Been going here for almost three years, and their still the best in food and price in Japanese food this south of Toronto. I love their chicken teriyaki and shrimp tempera and wings. Still excellent service and a wonderful atmosphere.Ǿ
Just ordered delivery today based on hearing how good they were. Delivery was pretty quick and the price is fair. Fish could be better but you get what you pay for. I ordered the sashimi combo as well as the beef teriyaki lunch. 
I also ordered the Hamachi roll but it was way too small. Plus I didn't even get any vegetables aside from the bean sprouts that were on the bottom of the beef teriyaki. 
Not sure if I'll order from them again but at least I gave them a shot and fulfilled my cravings.Ǿ
Ordered for take out here on Friday the 21st.  We ordered the 72 pcs party platter.  Great price at $50.00.  The sushi was a nice assortment of Sashimi, Maki, and Sushi.  Nicely presented and very fresh.  Great value.  We'll be going back for sure.  Great find thanks to yelp!Ǿ
shorts ribs were a huge disappointment. they lacked flavour and were greasy. the mushroom tempura was just awful i think they need to change it to shrimp or veggie.the actual sushi was pretty good and that is what saved my meal.Ǿ
Best sushi on the east end of Toronto for a very reasonable price.

The place is not the nicest looking restaurant and it's in an area of Toronto that you probably wouldn't expect to find good sushi - but it is very good.  I go every couple of weeks.Ǿ
I finally made it into this Sushi restaurant about 2 weeks ago, the decor was nice and it was very clean. The food was excellent for the price. It is nice to see a decent sushi restaurant in this area. My only complaint was the scallop sushi, it was not fresh. I assume its not a popular item on the menu as most of the customers Iam sure are just ordering the standards, tuna , salmon, rolls ect Atleast from what I could see. The rest was very busy for a random Monday night dinner. I highly recommendǾ
I've been there on two separate occasions and cause I'm so boring like that I ordered the same thing, both times. "A4 Combo Special: Tofu teriyaki Avocado&Cucumber Rolls(6pcs) Veg. Tempura, Fresh Fruit"

It was a bento box with sweet potato, avocado, eggplant and broccoli tempura, fried tofu with teriyaki sauce and sesame seeds on a bed of beansprouts, steamed rice, Avocado and Cucumber sushi rolls (6), pickled ginger, wasabi paste and an orange. It comes with green tea and a little salad of iceberg lettuce and carrots. I don't like the salad because of the dressing, I don't know what it is. Everything else is spectacular and all that only for $10.99...WHAT?

I am unsure if the Miso soup came with the combo, but if not I think it is only $1.30 for a bowl. The miso soup is great, so great. The green tea keeps coming, it's unlimited. 

The tofu has amazing flavor, the rolls are fresh, the tempura is fresh, crispy and light even though it's fried. You know something is amazing when it's deep fried but still feels light. 

Hubby ordered "Combo A2: Salmon Teriyaki Sushi:Salmon, Shrimp, Spring Roll(3pcs), Fresh Fruit" for $11.99

We also ordered on the side 3 rolls of Tuna, Salmon and California ($8.99)

The service was great, seriously I care so much about service and the waitress was very attentive and kind. 

The decor is nice, it's a very clean and small restaurant. I love it, I am only sad I don't live within 10 minute walking distance anymore :(Ǿ
This place is amazing! I live about a block away, and walked past it about a hundred times before going in. I wish I had gone sooner.

It's really tiny, but beautiful and CLEAN (an absolute must for anywhere I'm going to eat raw fish). The service was amazing. And the food is REALLY good! Prices are good. Fast service. I have absolutely nothing bad to say about the place.

Can't wait to go back :)Ǿ
Didn't know what to expect before going to this restaurant. Drove by it plenty of times but never went in. Friend and I were craving sushit so we decided to give this place a try. Pleasant atphosephere and cosy. Family owned. Food and service were good providing we were the only ones there. Food quality was good and tastey   Will defiantly go back. 

Ps- place does take out, a lot people came in for pick up while we were there. 

**We had sushi and teriyaki **Ǿ
This place is within walking distance from my gym and is one of the healthier options nearby. It's got a lot of good lunch specials, unfortunately the types of specials they have don't really appeal to me that much. I got a special that came with two 6 piece rolls (salmon and crab). I found the taste to be okay, nothing special there. But the price was realllllllly good. The service was good too. I wish there were more roll specials or rather more choice in the rolls offered in the specials than the usual spicy salmon/spicy crab/etc. I don't think there's anything to crave with this place, however, there also aren't a lot of sushi options in this neck of the woods and if you're really craving sushi, this place will hit the spot.Ǿ
Got their beef teriyaki set takeout yesterday for about $14 after tax. Food is pretty average. Miso soup was a bit too salty, beef teriyaki was ok and the tempura were a bit too greasy. Literally got a headache afterward from the grease. I wonder how often they change the oil used to cook the tempura. The salad was quite fresh surprisingly and the service was fast. Got mine done within 15 minutes. Seeing that it is the only sushi restaurant in this neighborhood, you can't expect a lot outta this place.Ǿ
I've been here several times and every time has been consistent and gooood!

It's very surprising, considering many would just walk by this place since it's in a sketchy part of town, and shares washrooms with the Pizza Pizza next door. 

However, there is a tiny parking lot right next to Double Sushi, which is convenient. They offer excellent lunch specials 7 days a week for a good price. They also have an extensive menu, which offers lots of items that are reasonably priced. 

I really really love their crispy spicy salmon and crispy spicy tuna maki -- some of the best in the city! Everything I've tried here has been great. This place is a hidden gem in the Danforth east area. 

It's usually quiet when I go here, even on weekends. However, don't let that fool you. The place is cozy and offers great prices for great sushi!

They also offer really good lunch specials every day of the week (including weekends) which start at $5.99. :)Ǿ
I'm giving double sushi a 4/5 stars, for the only fact that they don't have an astounding diningroom, but it's comfortable, clean and they do quite well in a typical Japanese restaurant setting. They are incredibly friendly, efficient and their food is great. Great value. I don't feel that they charge you more than they should. Along with sitting in the restaurant they of course let you do pick up, and they also do delivery. If you live in the neighbourhood and want to peruse a good sushi restaurant, definitely give these guys a try, you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
I've been here several times, mainly because I live in the area and it's the only sushi place within walking distance from the station.  However, I've yet to be disappointed!  The atmosphere is always friendly, with someone greeting you as soon as you enter the door and promptly seating you.  Of course, it's a fairly small restaurant without many tables to attend to, but I've always appreciated how attentive the staff are.

The food is your standard Japanese sushi place fare, with bento box combos and tempura appearing on the menu.  My favourite is the Spicy Maki Set, which includes 12 pieces total of the spicy tuna roll and spicy salmon roll.  It also comes with a miso soup and small salad.  They recently improved their salad by switching to mixed greens instead of the iceberg lettuce they used previously.

It's true that the establishment shares a washroom with the Pizza Pizza next door and you require a key, but it's usually not a hassle to obtain it.  Today, one of the staff immediately gave me the key as soon as I approached the door.  The bathrooms aren't glamorous, obviously, but they smell clean and all of the necessities (soap, towels) were there.

I'm giving this place 3/5 stars because the service is reliable and the food is good, but it's nothing out of the ordinary.  Overall, if you're in the neighbourhood and feel like sushi, give Double Sushi a try. :)Ǿ
This place was a surprise. Saw the reviews on Yelp, had to try it. Gross neighbourhood, good restaurant. It's a small place, pretty minimalist in decor, maybe a little tacky with cut out pictures of the food scattered about. It's clean, though. The servers were pretty good. Water was filled quickly. I felt a hint of attitude from one of them when I asked for a table for one, but it resolved itself quickly. On a side note, almost all the tables are set for four. I only saw one two-top and it was already occupied. 

The stuff on the menu looked cheap so I ordered a bunch. Got a combo with soup, salad, california roll, salmon, butterfish, snapper, and tuna. Added a spicy yam tempura roll, yellowtail and tamago nigiri. The salad was good, dressing was tangy with a slight hint of nutty. Miso soup was kind of bland, wouldn't order it if it wasn't free. The spicy yam tempura roll was $4.50 and delicious. Good crunch, yam cooked properly, nice accent from the spicy mayo. The fish nigiri were all awesome. Very well seasoned rice, fish tasted fresh and was melt-in-your-mouth tender. My one complaint is that a couple of the fish were unrecognizable. The "tuna" and the "butterfish" tasted like tuna and butterfish but didn't look like what most places serve. I liked these ones better anyway. The tamago isn't worth ordering here. Bland and terrible texture. The combo was $9.99. Including tax my bill was $20.05 for quite a lot of food. It's probably the best budget sushi I've had in Toronto. When I was done I was hungrier than when I started because it was so tasty. Didn't want to stop eating.

Minus one star for the clientele. One table with two screaming kids, parents not making any effort to resolve the issue. Not acceptable. I know kids will be kids but have some common sense, other people are trying to enjoy a meal. Give them food, pick them up, talk to them, change a diaper, at least make some effort. And more unforgivable, some girl screaming into her cell phone at another table. Like having a full on argument. If I were working there she would have been asked to leave in a hurry. So perhaps take out is the best option.Ǿ
Located on a pretty sketchy section of Danforth East, but this place was a pleasant surprise! Ready quick for pick-up order. Has some parking so you can run in.

Food was decent for a sushi place in this part of the city. Good serving size, price was on par with other sushi places in the east end.

Sushi Pizza was great while the Dynamite Roll, Gyoza and Maki rolls we got were all good too.

Will definitely be headed there again, just not late at night...I value my safety.Ǿ
WOW.  So this is apparently another hidden gem in our new 'hood! SCORE!

My Mom was visiting for the weekend and had a craving for sushi, so I did a little "interweb" sleuthing and found the closest two sushi joints. But the other one had a couple of bad reviews, and this one I only found a few, but they were all positive. That one is literally around the corner, and I've been eyeing it suspiciously for the two months we've been living here. You see, it's attached to a Pizza Pizza. This makes me skeptical. Plus, come on. It's called "Double Sushi". Lame. 

NOT LAME!

OK, so the decor is lame, and the service is lame because it's on super-drive, but the FOOD and the PRICES are fantastic!

Weird location for a yummy sushi place, I know. But this is the best tempura I've had in a while, and the maki was also WONDERFUL. Just how I like it - fresh and sticky, slightly warm rice (Is that a no-no? I don't know but I kind of like it sometimes) in a SMALL amount compared to the topping. VERY well-proportioned. The seaweed was beautifully moist and fresh but not stringy or tough. That is SUCH a pet peeve of mine.

The miso soup ($1.49) is good, but not great - I like mine really salty and FULL of stuff. This one is mild and very refreshing, though. My Mom and Mr. Rosie S. (a.k.a. "D") both loved it.

We also ordered edamame ($3.29) and tempura (assorted with shrimp and various veggies for $3.59 and yam for $3.29) for appetizers, and the other two also had green salads arrive first because of their "combo" orders.

THE TEMPURA SAUCE IS AWESOME. I was caught semi-drinking it.

My Mom went with A2 Combo Special, which is salmon teriyaki (comes with the salmon on top of a veggie medley with bean sprouts, broccoli, green onions, etc.), the aforementioned miso soup and green salad, steamed rice, shrimp and veggie tempura, three pieces of sashimi - crab, salmon and shrimp, your choice between spring rolls or dumplings - pork I think, as well as a fresh segmented orange. Presentation was beautiful. For $11.99 at DINNER! WOW!

D went with A1, which offers a choice between teriyaki chicken or beef. He chose chicken. Again, comes with the previously mentioned miso soup and green salad, steamed rice, shrimp & veggie tempura and fresh orange. It's the same thing as A2, but without choice of spring rolls or dumplings). Also $11.99.

I got two orders of makimono (avocado and yam tempura, 6 rolls each at $1.99 and $3.99 respectively) and they were AWESOME. Totally unexpectedly yummy. Upon getting home and reviewing the take-out menu I brought with me, there are TONS of awesome veggie options I would love to try like inari & avocado, for instance. Never seen that on a menu before!

We came away with TONS of leftovers - the portions are large for a sushi place.

The green tea served upon arrival is not great. It was hot, but pretty mild and not very "yeasty" tasting. Wow that sounds gross. But you know what I mean - I like a flavourful tea to get my tastebuds going.

The price was fantastic as well - three people ate a feast with a ton of leftovers for later tonight, and the bill came to $48. Incredible. I love it.

GET THIS: They offer free delivery (within a certain area), pick-up orders are discounted 10%, and eating in is just fine as well. It's a VERY casual feel, which is obviously heightened because of the location.

Also, while we were there, a couple came in and ordered five orders of avocado maki rolls, but requested the rice be on the OUTSIDE instead of INSIDE the seaweed. The sushi chef graciously obliged. I love a place that is totally amenable to customization. Plus, they were served free tea while they were waiting. I'm always offended when places don't do this.

Why it doesn't get five stars: 
- the host had his coat on when he greeted us and escorted to our table - it was totally weird. I thought maybe it was because he was the delivery guy too, but he wasn't/
- I had to ask for a table setting TWICE... inexcusable. There were only two places set at a four-person table. When three or four people sit down, you MUST immediately bring them the appropriate setting and make them part of the table. COME ON!
- Must learn to pulse out the courses - EVERYTHING had arrived within 7 or 8 minutes of us ordering - WAY too much food to tackle at once. That said, perhaps that means for pick-up or a quick lunch bite, it is an INCREDIBLE choice! Speed seems to be #1 priority here!Ǿ
Pretty delicious. Easy to find location and the service was good.Ǿ
It was never the best quality but it was fair for the price and the service was very friendly. Today I got a real bad experience on the hand roll. It came with only 2 small pieces of salmon... Well I politely joke about it asking if they were saving on the fish (because it wasn't like that before). She just smiled and said 'yeh...'   Well my son asked for one hand roll as well and this time it came with only 1 small piece of salmon!!! WTF? I also asked why (different server) but he didn't even answer just walked away... Well, they got one less customers to serve in the future as I'm not coming back.Ǿ
Told the hostess by phone that I had purchased a Yelp deal ($15 for $30 worth) and would like to redeem it for a delivery order. I was told very quickly and rudely that my deal doesn't apply to delivery- only to dine-in and take-out. The fact that she barely knew how to speak English made it even more stressful to understand. I'm confused as to why they would offer a deal and then only tell you via phone that you have to travel all the way to their location to redeem it. After asking for the manager, she quickly sniped back saying the manager wasn't there and then said good bye.

Complete waste of time. HORRIBLE customer service.Ǿ
I am stunned that anyone would find this place palatable! It is one of the worst resturants I've eaten at. What makes sushi good is the texture, taste, cut and freshness of fish. This place does not deliver on any of those things! On my first and last try, I got sick instantly. Took me 6 months after my horrible experience to be able to eat sushi again.Ǿ
I like this place a lot.
Mostly have ordered it online and the food is always delicious.
It does take time for them to deliver the food sometimes. 
I love the spicy mayo with the chicken ball. One of the minor complains I have about this place is that they always seem to skimp on the spicy mayo, even when you order extra.
My favorite appetizer from this place is Takoyaki. YUM(!) indeed. 
The restaurant is decorated very neatly and always kept clean.Ǿ
Just went here last night with my friends.  The sushi was really good.  I am vegetarian and there selection of veggie oprions was good.  

I had the veggies combo with tempura, fired tofu, avocado, cucumber rolls.  All was very tasty.  I also had a veggie sushi spicy crunch roll too.  

no complaints, I will be going back here, they do take away.