Great comfort food and reasonable prices.笑
This is the "in" place for retirees.  The food is good quality, there are two daily specials, and meals come with soup and salad (or side-dish substitutes).  Very popular on Friday night (when they have all-you-can-eat fish) and on Tuesday (swedish meatballs over noodles).  I also like their chicken steak with sausage gravy.  Most entrees under $10, dinner for two is $18-20 dollars.  Try the home made root beer.笑
I think I can count on 1-2 fingers the amount of 1 star ratings I have ever submitted. The Cafe in Stow has earned the 1 star status. To be honest, I didn't even have high hopes of this place to begin with, but I didn't expect it to be as disappointing. Boyfriend ordered a waffle and it came with a nice long, thick black hair. It was sent back and he ordered something else that wasn't memorable. I think I got bacon and eggs and both were horrible! I ordered hot tea and the waitress had to go find a tea bag in storage, which made me think it was going to be old. The place is very dusty and the rest room is pretty bad.笑
The reason I'm giving this place two stars and not one is the service. The people are great, friendly, and timely here. The food however, was not so impressive. I really wanted to like it here, since its right down the street and its a cute local place. I got a burger, which wasn't terrible but I felt I could have made a better one myself. Or gotten a tasty one at Swensons.笑
The Cafe in Stow is a great little place if you are looking for an inexpensive, classic American meal. Most of the diners are either families or a much older crowd, but I enjoy the laid back, dineresque atmosphere. 

My favorite item on the menu is the grilled cheese which always has a great buttery flavor at reasonably low prices.

It won't win any awards with the outdated decor, but I enjoy it just the same!笑
It was good service but a bit outdated on the restaurant. The food past mustard but needs to also be ramped up.笑
While the ambiance here is nice and works well for the older crowd (sub-50 and you're basically out of place) I can't recommend the food at all. The Cafe isn't very far from a Sam's Club and Giant Eagle is right up the street and you can put together the same meal for less money that way. While there's nothing inherently wrong with that, I'd like there to be something remotely interesting about the meal I'm eating and I have yet to get that here.

Restaurants in the area are usually pretty hit and miss for me and while Rockne's is probably the king of the "I could have made this at home no problem" restaurants, Rockne's at least has some good items on their menu. Absolutely nothing, from the bacon to the eggs even to the cheese, at the Cafe stands out as anything but boring, unimaginative and bland. They will butter the heck out of your toast though! So, there's that.

It's a nice place to visit, but I can't recommend eating there.笑
The food was good,it seemed very laid back and relaxed in the cafe. Great food for low cost笑
Went for Sunday breakfast and was not impressed with the service or the food, out of a can taste. I will not be back.笑
We went here for breakfast on Sunday (today) around 9 we didn't receive our food until 10 and there was only 5 of us. The food was definitely NOT worth the wait. Two meals were sent back for being cold and one was incorrect. It seemed like they were very under staffed. It's not worth the money.笑
Great service but very bland food. Fish was very small and tasteless , "wild rice" was boring boxed rice not even close to wild rice , and over cooked baked potato. Disappointed will not go back.笑
This place is a joke. I ordered a Ruben. Smallest Ruben I have ever seen. The bread was awful tasted like it was two months old. And the sides are soooooo dumb. You get chips from a bag. And then you have to pay a dollar extra if you don't want the chips. You can't  just switch them with  them like a normal restaurant. Are waitress was a rude old lady and the rest of the staff just horsed around. Do not stop here just keep on driving.笑
Went here for the first time today and ordered the veggie omelet. This is a family style restaurant with outdated atmosphere, but nice and clean. There is a lot of the breakfast menu, and the prices are great for the amount of food that you get! Our waitress was very polite and refilled our coffees every time she came around. The problem I had was the wait time, we probably waited about 25 plus minutes for our food, on a MONDAY morning at 10am, when I expected everyone to be a work. By the time I got my omelet, it was room temperature, but it was good. We asked for our hashbrown to be cooked extra which was not how we received them. Overall I would rate the service and food 3 out of 5. I would come back for the cheap prices, but make sure you do not have plans after because you will be rushing to eat and leave.笑
Probably my first and last visit to the Cafe in Stow. The service is fast and friendly (the only reason why I gave it 2 stars), but the food is flavorless and sub-par.  I went t during lunch hours, which may have been the mistake, especially since others rave about their breakfast.  I ordered the grilled whitefish with steamed veggies and wild rice. My husband (a lover of pulled pork sandwiches) ordered a BBQ pork sandwich with skinny french fries and a dinner salad.

Let's start with my plate first.  I prefer my steamed veggies a little crispness. My vegetables were overcooked, soggy and flavorless. All the salt & pepper in the world couldn't help those vegetables.  Next, the wild rice was nothing more bland rice pilaf. I know the difference between wild rice and rice pilaf, since I only eat brown rice or wild rice mix.  Finally my grilled whitefish with cajun seasonings was 3 measily pieces of whitefish, which I think they took 1 fish and split 3 ways.  The fish was definitely not fresh, probably a frozen filet and the cajun seasoning was nothing special. 

Now, my husband's dinner salad was nothing more than a mixture of bagged iceburg lettuce and lettuce greens. There was 1 thin slice of cucumber, 1 slice thick cut green pepper and croutons.  My husband deplores bagged lettuce,  cucumbers give him indigestion and he isn't a lover of green peppers. I guess he liked his fries because he ate those.  Finally, his BBQ pork sandwich leaves nothing to the imagination. I don't eat meat but, to me it looked like that Lloyds pulled pork (in the round container) you can get at your local grocers near the meat section. The old man was not impressed.  If I give them a second try it will be for breakfast because lunch is definitely not their strong suit.笑
Our experience here wasn't horrible but it wasn't good enough for me to want to come back. My girlfriend's water had a big onion stuck to the lemon. The water didn't taste too great either. I didn't try it but my girlfriend didn't like her Reuben and she usually loves them. I got the southwest burger meal with onion rings. The burger was OK,  I think it needed bacon. The onion rings were good. The menu is very strange, all the meals have two options large, and small, and by default instead of fries they come with chips and it's extra for fries. There was also a big crusty coffee stain on the table, and there were a lot of young workers just standing around and it was kind of awkward. Overall it wasn't a terrible experience, more like a "meh" one笑
My brother comes here all the time but this was my 1st time.  We had the hot roast beef sandwich and cafe burger (I added a picture) plus 2 drinks and a slice of pie for $21! It's a greasy spoon so don't expect much, decor is outdated, but otherwise service was good and food was tasty!笑
Very good family restaurant with good ole American food. The breakfasts are very good and consistent. Lunch and dinner are also very good. 

Big hang out for older crowd (50 and up) so their rush hour is much earlier for dinner. My grandfather use to say, "if u find a restaurant where a bunch of old people are, the food is usually good, cause we are picky eaters"

Downside?  Men's bathroom is not very clean. Not as bad as those pics I posted for Daves tip top, but still alot of work needed here笑
I really wanted to give this place a shot because it's usually packed with an older crowd on the weekends. 

My boyfriend ordered a side salad and a pulled pork sandwich. The lettuce seemed to be packaged iceberg and the salad consisted of one slice of cucumber and one strip of green pepper. The pulled pork sandwich was super tiny. The meat resembled baby food and was probably pre-frozen. 

I ordered a salsa skillet breakfast. The eggs were cooked well and tasted alright, but wet and drenched in store bought salsa. The home fries tasted pre-frozen and were very mushy. 

The decor is outdated and seemingly dirty. The food resembled bland cafeteria food. But at least our waitress was super nice. Unfortunately, we are never coming back here.笑
Hands down the BEST fried chicken breast sandwich I have ever had in my life! My whole family loves to come here just for that.  Prices are low too! I love that it's "out dated" it gives it character. It has a mom and pop type feel to it.笑
I like The Cafe in Stow for a quick lunch occasionally.  Their chicken salad is tasty and it is a nice little restaurant.  We frequent it at least once/year.笑
I would not give any stars for the establishment, as it was possibly the worst bite of food I have ever had the displeasure to taste. I recently saw the movie Zombieland and the human flesh consumption in that movie looked and I'm sure tasted considerably better than the putrid pile of slop they tried to serve me.  We were there with a senior group of 30 plus people and they all felt the Pizza Lovers soup was possibly the worst soup they had tasted (those unfortunate enough to have ordered it based on a recommendation from the sever).  That is my only complaint about the service - they will recommend stuff on the menu and there is nothing on that menu they should be recommending.  I only signed up for yelp to express my disgust with this slop shop.  I would never eat there again period end of story. Manager was a first class jerk and a half.笑
I work just up the road a ways, and have eaten many lunches at The Café In Stow during the past couple of decades. Always the staff is friendly, the service is great, the food rates "good" or better. I recommend this as a fine place to relax and eat good food in comfort. Be sure to get their soup, as they're all excellent.