I had a STARFIGHTER with Poutine.
It was too much for me... but they were so awesome that I could have them all!
I wanna try a different burger next time.笑
Something different, so he said. Top Gun Steak is a halal certified restaurant, which is fine and adds another layer of diversity to the market. I had the basic sandwich and fries. Nothing too extraordinary, basically meat on a bun, with some caramelized onions and a mayo-type sauce. Good value for the $6.50 although for my taste it was kinda bland and could use some hot sauce for kick.笑
Went last fall with my family. The food ended up being excellent which is why I am giving 4 stars. The service was not spectacular. My daughter's boyfriend ordered a burger with nothing on it but cheese and we had to send it back twice. The rest of us had ordered various steak sandwiches which arrived one at a time even though the restaurant didn't seem busy. It seemed like they would cook and serve one before starting the next one. We were a group of 6 and 5 of us ordered milkshakes with our meals. I had finished my meal and none of us had gotten our milkshakes. I was getting pretty thirsty. When I asked about the milkshakes they told me they were coming soon. A few minutes later an employee came in the front door carrying 2 bags of milk and then a couple of minutes after that I heard the mixer fire up and one by one the milkshakes were finally delivered. They did bring a couple of free orders of fries to the table to make up for the slow service but I had already eaten my meal and wasn't hungry at all. Overall I enjoyed the food and we have laughed about how bad the service was many times since then. I will definitely give it another shot sometime.笑
As a Philly native I have to say the cheesesteaks here are pretty damn good. Different in some small ways than the Philly original but definitely fills the void in a big way. Staff were very friendly. Everything is confirmed Halal!! Awesome!!笑
If I lived in the area, I would've definitely been a regular here. Their steak sandwiches are always on point. My personal fav here is the Take my Breath Away and Maverick. The servers are always helpful and friendly. Never had a bad experience yet and hope it stays this way笑
I would have given this place 4 start but the poutine cheeseburger combo with a Jones drink came to $17???? 

Decent food, clean and very busy. Would recommend it, just get something cheaper.笑
Very good burgers .. flexible on spices .. steak sandwich was a typical American style Philly steak sandwich with a variety of toppings. Flying zone burger was lip smacking. Sloppy fries were better than poutine .. kids loved their beercat and other beef burgers. Overall amazing experience, and tough competition for burgenator a block away .. will visit again to seek consistency, and figure out the winner :)笑
Not usually a fan of really messy sandwiches but when its beautiful strips of steak falling out its great. Huge sandwich with tons of meat and toppings. Nice variety too. Will definitely be a regular here.笑
Top Gun Burger was a delicious place to go, I had the Maverick Burger and it was very juicy and delicious, the meat was cooked to medium so they got it right and the Top Gun sauce was excellent, I would give it a 5 star but my wife had the B52 steak sandwich and that was just average as I had a sample, overall top notch and would recommend it if you are in the Kensington area.笑
First off the place looks good and the cashier i had was really polite and it gives that family-ran restaurant feel that we all want because it feels like home. I got the firefly burger with fries and i gotta love their buns with the thick patty it came with it. If i have any complains, it would be the fries. It felt like it was store bought fries judging by the slices but other than that, i would recommend the place for someone looking for a place to eat when in Kensington笑
Yes it's a burger but it really is "quality you can taste." That chain has got nothing on Top Gun and this is definitely a cut above Umami Burger - if you're a burger fan, don't skip this place.笑
so i'm walking along the streets of Kensington market, and i see this guy holding a GIGANTIC hamburger, i'm thinking i got to get one of those. I check yelp of course for burger places and this place has 4.5 stars so i try it. This was definitely not the place where he got the burger. These burgers were Tiny. I got the #9 flying zone i think it was called with the chicken, very yummy. one burger and fries and a bottle of water cost me $20.36. I got the fries with all the veggies on ti and it was yummy too. Honestly there are better i probably won't be coming back, but who knows they do have a BIG menu, maybe to try something different. The steak sandwiches coming out looking big.笑
Okay straight off with a name that has 'steak' in it you'd expect a whole piece of meat which wasn't exactly the case. What they serve is a coarse ground chunky 6 ounce burger made from rib eye or sirloin cuts.

Overall it's a tasty burger. Loved the homemade chilly pepper sauce. The  fries are thin cut and crispy, which I like. Everything was nicely seasoned. Service was friendly and accommodating. 

3 1/2 stars because I really was craving for a whole piece of meat rather than ground chuck.笑
I was here top gun steak. The customer service was so good. And chef mohammad made fantastic steak for us :)笑
Surprisingly, I didn't intend to come to Top Gun, I had my sights set on another burger place, but when they decided that they weren't going to serve any more customers even though they were still 15 mins from closing time... I was forced to find another option.  Luckily when walking through Kensington, there seems to be plenty of choices.  I was really looking for a burger and walked past this place and then thought, that could be a decent burger joint.  So I turned back around...

Walking into the place it isn't much, a bunch of tables lined up along the sides with a few benches here and there.  Ordering is dead simple, grab a menu and choose from the 20 or so different combinations of burgers (beef, lamb, chicken).  Then order your fries.  On the back side of the menu is a Sandwich menu.  But I wanted a burger.

Ordered a "Combo" even though it's not on the menu, basically for $5 extra you get fries and a drink.  The gal has having internet issues so she couldn't initially take my credit card to pay... then she just did the swipe.  She put the exact amount in and had me sign.  No Tip.  I wasn't carrying cash, so there was no opportunity for tipping.  I was given my order # and then I took up a seat.  

There were a few tables that were in need of clean up, but there were still quite a few open spaces.  The sign on the outside said they close @ 9p, but well after 9 and they are still serving people (unlike the other place I went to ::cough::nator).  My order was fairly quick to come out and the burger looked delish and the fries were fresh out of the fryer.  

One bite into that burger and it was a winner !  Good Job Top Gun ! The bun was an egg bread bun.  It doesn't hold up as well, but much better tasting than those of the regular bread buns.   Fries were shoestring style (not my fave) but they were still really good.  As I was eating more and more people were piling in and by the time I left there were very few seats left open.  

Overall, Great tasting burgers, and fries, and love the egg bun too.  The place was a bit messy, and a few tables needed to be cleaned up.  But really this was the only fault of the place.  I think I found a new burger joint that I want to keep going to !!笑
4 out of 5
Hey,
Need lunch, so I was debating btw TG steak or burger. Decided with the burger. Ordered the  burger with a runny egg on top(forgot the name)and poutine. Wanted it with grilled cheese but couldnt combine. Overall, thumbs up on the joint and good eats.  Would recommend and will be trying TG steak soons.  Cheers, Happy Nom-ming!!笑
3.5 stars. I've actually dined at Top Gun Steak and sandwich place about half a dozen times since last Spring. As their name suggests, many of the sandwiches are named after the movie of the same name. 

I've tried the Wolfman (6oz. beef, top gun sauce, grilled onions, lettuce; $7.50) and the Chipper (similar to the Wolfman except it comes with cheddar cheese and a pickle; $8.50). Both are delicious, with the Chipper being my fave (who doesn't love melted gooey cheese?) My friend always orders the Cheerful, which includes 6oz of steak, Brie cheese, mushrooms, green and red peppers, top gun sauce, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles ($9.50). These were served on a sesame seed bun.

One thing I noticed on my most recent visit was that the sandwiches that once featured thinly sliced beef now appear more like a burger. Same juicy flavourful meat but texture is different between a philly style steak sandwich and a beef patty. I have a preference for their philly style beef as that to me sets them apart from being just another burger place. If I wanted a burger I could walk down Augusta Avenue and head to their sister shop, Top Gun Burger.

The food is affordable (most menu items less than $12) and leaves you feeling like you've had a warm meat hug (to quote a friend of mine). Their fries are pretty good too. There are maybe about 20 seats in the restaurant but during the summer we sit out on the patio to observe the unique sights and sounds of Kensington market. 

Despite being a little disappointed in the change to beef patty-style meat, I will be back as friends and I appreciate we can get a quick, inexpensive and satisfying lunch.

(34/100)笑
This pace was absolutely incredible! The staff was so welcoming and sweet and the food was just as great! I would suggest to bring a big appetite with you because in my case my eyes were bigger than my stomach (probably from sampling my boyfriends meal too). The neighborhood is one of my favorite places in Toronto so much to explore and admire. I will definitely be back many times to come!!笑
Had a fantastic steak sandwich here. It was the perfect combination between tasty and fresh, the guys behind the counter were real nice and overall I loved the vibe. Can't wait to go back.笑
I had the MIG34 includes Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Onion Rings, Beef Chili, Avocado Garnish & Sour Cream On A Side

*Title:  Messy Goodness*


*Overall, this burger was good
*There was a lot of flavor when all the ingredients were nicely integrated 
*The beef chili was alright and fell outside the frame of the burger at times which is expected
*The choice of bun (egg roll bun) was a good choice, very soft and complimented the burger.  A harder bun would have ruined the experience  
*The beef tasted more like lean ground beef and would be better if they used 50% chuck
*The burger was hand pressed which is a nice touch and preferred!  
*The assembly of the burger could have been a bit better but hard to succeed given all the additional toppings
*The onion rings were NOT paced well within the burger, it was more to the side hence you did not get the taste of the onion rings with every bite
*Did not get the advertised "Avocado Garnish & Sour Cream On A Side"
*I would order this burger again!笑
Made reservations for 10. I think the service was the worst I have ever seen. Never offered us drinks, while we waited for the whole party to arrive. Menus were on pieces of paper, that had the prices marked out the black marker Had to get up ourselves to get cutlery. SOME people got French fries, some didn't. But, when asked, he said all come with pop & fries. The place was freezing ! One guest asked for extra crispy fries, but, got under cooked. I gave it a 2 just because I liked my sandwich, but, will never go back.笑
The food was good. When you are here to eat you get 2 options Burgernator and Top Gun.  The burgers and chicken strip were tasty and everything was great but personally I prefer Burgernator.  The taste was better there. Overall the ambiance, staff, food quality and cleanliness was good.笑
It was a good burger, had the maverick which i believe had pull lamb which could been more tender and fired egg as well other things. The patty was well cooked and flavorful... while it not best burger I had, i was good. Thou I probably stick to Burgernator if Im ever in Kenginton again笑
I tried the Maverick Sandwich (lamb) and was really impressed.

The sandwich was quite large, but that was due to the generous meat portion, and not filler items. Everything tasted great, and it definitely satisfied my hunger. 
Of further note, the fries that came with the combo were also really good.笑
This is a really good halal option for a nice juicy steak burger.笑
I loved the Fly Zone Sandwich, it  was delicious, juicy and amazing special taste. 
I came with my family and I got warm welcome from a worker "Mohammed", he was very friendly, helpful and smily.

I loved the combination of having steak and chicken stripes in the burger. It was light and special.

I definetly recommand that, if you are looking for a special taste.笑
Loved the environment of this place. The burgers were quite much but so worth the money. Pretty quiet spot given it's in a very busy neighbourhood.  If you are looking for an awesome burger joint this place won't disappoint.笑
Was visiting Toronto and heard many great things about this place so decided to try it out.   A little on the expensive side for some menu items but the food is delicious. I ordered the black eagle which came with 4 chicken fingers instead of 5 and didn't have that much steak on it but was very tasty. My girlfriend had the starfighter burger which was delicious and no complaints about it. Would return here if i was in the area again but would definitely order a burger instead of the steak sandwich.笑
As an american wandering around Toronto i was happy to see a cheesesteak place waiting for me when I got to kensington market. Being from San Diego, where a lot of Top Gun was made, it was awesome to see the theme of this place. Usually cheesesteak places have pretty simple menus, but not here. I dont think there is anything you can't get on the sandwich. I went with a standard cheesesteak and sadly it just wasn't that good. Someone might want to take a trip down to Philly and see how the steak sandwiches are supposed to taste.笑
Really good quality burgers here. Enjoyed them and they were very filling.  But with so many burger joints popping up in the city I didn't find that this one stood out.笑
I took note of the empty establishment as soon as we entered it, but my son loved the name and was hooked by the lamb burger offering.  

We didn't like the burgers.  After 1 bite, neither of us could finish eating it.  My son ordered the lamb and I ordered the vegan.  Both were bland.  The staff tried to fix it by adding sauces.  Unfortunately the sauces lacked flavor as well.  Graciously, our money was refunded.笑
Very good beef burger. Staffs are friendly. Burger is juicy and testy. Lovely place to hang out with.笑
The best burgers I've literally ever had. This place is absolute quality. And it's not even overpriced either. Amazing...simply amazing.笑
Top Gun Steak serves good tasting burgers as I discovered on a recent stroll through Kensington Market. I'm around here often and have always been curious about this place, especially since there is a 'Top Gun Burgers' just a few steps south on the same side of the street. For whatever reason, I didn't try them out until now. I'm glad I did. For just $10 I was very satisfied. The everyday special includes a soft drink and fries.

The gentlemen were just opening the shop and were pretty friendly, making conversation with me and cleaning up all of the tables. The cheesesteak doesn't quite look or taste the way I was expecting, but it's still pretty good. I can only describe it as chunks of ground beef with a tangy sauce on top of it. I'll definitely be sampling some of the other offerings here. They're a solid, reliable place to grab a meal under $15.笑
Had heard many great things about this place so decided to try it out whilst in TO.
It's located near Kensington Market alongside many hip and various cultural eateries. We were immediately greeted very warmly by the owner/worker Mustafa and Mohammad... both extremely friendly and helpful. 
Everything sounds amazing in the menu and so I had difficulty choosing. Finally we decided on 'The Freedom Fighter' burger for myself, 'Black Eagle Steak' sandwich for the hubs and Chilli cheese fries. The meal literally blew us both away! Everything was presented well and looked irresistible... the fries were handcut with the skin (my fav) drenched in a delicious meaty chilli! The quality of the meats were amazing and all the ingredients were locally sourced and very fresh. Even the salad inside the burger had a unique crisp to it. This truly was a very 'gourmet' burger and sandwich. The handmade burger patty was the best I have ever tasted and I even tried the meats in my husbands sandwich- that consisted of delicious steak pieces, buffalo chicken strips, pulled maple bbq glazed lamb... ahhhh every piece just melted in your mouth and tasted heavenly! 
Even the toppings such as jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese and the selection of cheese used such as swiss and havarati were all unlike any burger or sandwich I have ever had in my life! These guys are truly creating food masterpieces and you can see the passion and dedication that they put into these creations as they present it with a smile and asked us many times how we found the meal. 
I was truly very impressed and will definitely be recommending the place to everyone I know! Keep up the great work :)笑
I went with a few friends on a weeknight, I personally had wanted to go to their sister restaurant again, Top Gun Steak, but I was happy that I checked it out. So it's much bigger and brighter than top gun steak, which is a plus. 

I ordered the star fighter, this yummy burger that has a patty of portobello mushrooms, cream cheese and cheddar cheese in addition to the beef patty. I also made it a combo. 

While it was delish, it was messy, felt like the bun could have been a bit bigger maybe, but I finished every last bite! It was pricey, I paid with a small tip just about $20.

Customer service was great! The lady at cash took care of us well and gave us extra aioli sauce to dip our fries, which I definitely recommend!笑
This is a 4.5 in disguise, but finally ate here for the first time tonight (review posted in May 2017 but likely was in during fall/winter 2016) and it was awesome!

Service was quick, friendly, and the food was amazing. On that, they have (hand butchered! aka properly done) halal, vegetarian, gluten-free, and possibly vegan options, so really, what's not to like?笑
Omg ... The BEST burger I've had in my life
Better than in and out...
Better than burger priest or any other popular burger joints that are around or atleast that I have tried so far 
I ordered the maverk burger (I think that's what it's called) and my brother ordered something else which I cannot recall. The person over there suggested what to get according to what we like. I had steak and pulled lamb in mine which was so juicy and yummy!!! Best part was that it was halal... The sauce was good... They had to give extra on the side cuz it wasn't spicy enough for me. I will for sure go here again to eat. 
It was very cold inside though.. They do need to get heating or atleast turn it up a bit more when it's -24 outside hehe!b笑
The owner was very welcoming, greeted us at the door. The food tasted exceptional.  The quality of the meat was great. Wide selection and a lot of things to choose from. I had the chicken burger it was amazing.笑
No words need. One of the best burger place in Toronto. It's not easy to take a seat there so it would be easier to take food out. However, they just put food in a bag with no ketchup and paper tissues. That's the only negative point笑
We had the #1 Wolfman Steak Sandwich.  The place is pretty new and clean.  We took our sandwich to-go however it was finished before we had gotten to the next block.  It smelled to good to wait until we got home.  The bun was super soft and fresh.  It could had been toasted a bit more.  Steak was cooked very good (not over done) and very juicy.  The pickle added a great flavour along with the top gun sauce.  Prices are good for the quality and the amount of food that you get.  Looks like a great patio, so we will probably be back when the weather is nicer.笑
This restaurant replaces the previous cheesesteak establishment, Big Al's. I actually went there wanting to eat a simple cheesesteak: steak, cheese, sauteed onions, and perhaps a light seasoning or sauce to coat it. Imagine my surprise when there were no simple cheesesteaks available -- every single steak sandwich on the menu included the kitchen sink. I don't want lettuce and tomatoes on my steak sandwich; give me a real, philly-style cheesesteak!

Turned off by the menu trying too hard to be fancy, I ordered their sloppy fries, which was a mix of cheese curds, mushrooms, peppers, and spicy mayo. It was way too salty, which made me shudder at the thought of trying their poutine.

Big Al's was definitely the better establishment and I'm sorry to see it go. Top Gun Steak doesn't give any options to double the meat or add additional toppings -- you are forced to order whatever crazy setups they have on their menu.笑
Grabbed a quick sandwich while walking around. The service was good and the sandwich tasty. I thought it was a little pricey, paid $18 for a sandwich but added mushroom. While they were pricey they we very worth it, plump portobello! The restaurant is dark but feels like a steak shop, lots of options a fixings!笑
I went here a couple of days ago, there is a cute patio outside. I had the cheesesteak. There was nothing special about this sandwich. The bread was very ordinary, and the steak was decent. The fries were the best part of the meal for me!笑
Well the steak was not quite what I was expecting.  I thought it would be philly cheese-steak style, which it was not.  There's also different sauces, but how did I know that. Given they are listed under the drink section for god's sake!   Move them under where you list your steaks.  And no one asked what sauce I wanted either, I would have tried the garlic sauce....sigh.

What no one is talking about is the AWESOME onion rings.  SERIOUSLY amazing.  And frankly, rings are becoming an extinct species.  Look around, how many rings do you see in restaurants?笑
Mohammad!!!! Amazing chief and gentleman. I had a great experience! Best burger in Toronto also Kal you guys are the best. I Will be back笑
Heard this opened up recently, so I decided to check it out for lunch. They have some seriously great sandwiches here. I tried their Goose, with a generous portion of chicken combined with havarti, guac, chipotle mayo, and jalapeno peppers, and it was both delicious and filling! Their steak sandwiches sound (and look) even better, so I'll have to come back sometime to try those, but definitely worth a visit!笑
Very good burgers... actually pretty damn amazing. Even the kids burger had the best tasting beef I've ever had. Definitely a place worth stopping by when you're in the area. My boyfriend had the destroyer... 4 huge parties stuffed in between a grilled geese sandwich. I had the Take my breath away burger... burger w a big mozzarella cheese stick on top. We're thinking about coming back later to try the cheese steak.笑
I didn't find the steak on its own all that great but the various combinations of toppings intrigue me and I definitely plan on going back some day. Their poutine is the best (halal) poutine I've had and their service sure is friendly.笑
Amazing foood. I had the steak with the pulled lamb with Havarti cheese..incredible..but has lots of fat in the meat笑
Had the Stinger and fries - steak was slightly dry and bland tasting. I also ordered some gravy for the fries and received a watery brown colored beef au jus which had no flavor. When I order gravy, I expect it to be somewhat thick and meaty tasting of which it was neither. We were so disappointed despite the positive reviews.笑
I was pleasantly surprised by the real steak strips in these sandwiches, the broad selection of toppings and the quick and friendly service.

Not a huge fan of the milkshakes and the fact that there's no place to put you used tray (meaning that you have to clean up after others when it's busy), but overall this is a great establishment at a competitive price.笑
I wish there was an option for zero stars. So I was having a bad day and decided to turn it around by ordering a hearty meal (bad idea to change your mood with food I know I know). And I turned to Uber Eats after work to find something nice. Top Gun seemed like a good idea and I ended up getting the Top Gun burger ($22!), the aoili fries ( around $4) and chocolate milkshake ($7!). It was steep but I decided I was going to throw my budget out the window for the day. 

So anyway, food arrived on time, which says more about Uber Eat than the restaurant and the positives end there. Let me break it down:

1) Fries: the fries were not only cold but they had also clearly been refried. They tasted and looked like the leftover fries a restaurant would have before closing time that they'd be about to throw out but instead were able to pawn off on an unsuspecting customer like me. I basically ended up paying $4 for fries as hard has rocks.

2) Burger: I got the Top Gun which includes a grilled chicken fillet and beef along with a deep friend mushroom and cheese patty. The chicken, much like the fries was tough and dry and smelt kind of wonky. The beef smelt off too. So I had a few bites (because I was SO hungry) but gave up cuz it tasted like garbage.

3) Milkshake: The milkshake tasted average but for $7 it was a terribly small portion. 

All in all, 85% of my meal was thrown into the garbage just 15 minutes after being delivered. 

After factoring in the taxes I payed $40s total for the most ridiculously disgusting, stale, smelly meal of my life. NEVER ordering from here again, NEVER going to this place again. NEVER. 

On a personal note, still in a bad mood, my long hard day has just been made worse by the gross taste left in my mouth. 

Rant over.笑
Crazy overpriced. Whats essentially a burger combo (fries + pop) is $18.00
Tastes pretty average. Meat is supposed to be premium but you can't tell when its cut up into well done strips. Random fries. Took 20 min to get the order at 10pm and the place was 40% full.  Drop the price to $12 and use decent not premium beef and its worth it.笑
EDIT : 

UPDATING my review from poor to excellent.

After my following review I received a message from the owner, he offered his apology and sincerely asked for another visit and a gift certificate.

We went in there last night, and we got what we used to at this place, awesome , wholesome food in a family friendly environment.

Everything turn out to be amazing. Thank you Ibrahim and Muhammad for your hospitality. 
You have won us back as your loyal customers.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HORRIBLE Experience. Went in Feb 14, because Bergernator was closed early,
We order Goose, Bollywood and Topgun, First off the guy taking orders was in the rush for no reason, there was only one other table occupied. Goose was ok, properly done, nothing special though. Other two were uncooked from the middle, almost 60% of meat was RED and PINK. When complained they changed the burgers but it was still uncooked. All the time the two asian guys working were bickering, swearing and fighting with each other. WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN笑
Came here on a Sunday around 12:30pm. The place was dead and the workers were in the back preppy food. When he finally came out to take my order, he seem a bit confused when I was ordering. Don't know why though cause you should be use to the menu so I was a little skeptical about this place. I ordered the B52, cheese fries and a coke, which sounds pretty simple to me. 

From the time I order till the time it was ready, it took a good 15 mins. But I guess thats cause I was probably their first customer and they had to make everything fresh. When I got my and took and look I was quite shock at the size of the sandwich. This sandwich was HUGE and is best if you split it between someone. They did not cheap out on the meat, toppings or sauce cause there are places that give you hardly any meat. The meat had tons of flavour and not just plain beef taste and the toppings did help. However, I guess that since it was freshly made, I did find it to be a bit oily to my liking. But you want some greasy food to cure your hangover, I would come here. The cheese fries though were just okay....it was sprinkled with warm cheese. I was expecting like a warm gooey cheese whiz kind of cheese. If you order the cheese fries, I would recommend eating it quick. 

Overall, this place surprised me when I had little expectation going here. Even though I did order just 3 items, the bill came up to be around $23....kind of expensive but totally worth it. I will definitely come back here in the future.笑
Being around downtown toronto i had bookmarked top gun steak .. It was now or never .. Decided to walk there, it was a bit of a scary walk and the neighborhood didnt look very safe but lets get to the real deal ! I was welcomed by Mustafa n Mohammed at the restaurant with a great smile and great hospitality! My better half and I didnt know from where to start and what to order ! 

My dilema was between the destroyer (allot of meat) the Hawk (main feature : pulled lamb) and Black Eagle (main feature: 5 buffalo chicken), i asked if by any chance they can acomodate by putting 2-3 buffalo chicken and some pulled lamb so I can try both and satisfy my cravings.. Allot of restaurants in general refuse such requests but surprisingly they both agreed and told me they will take care of it and ill love it :) i was so happy :) 

We ordered as a side some chili fries, we expected fries sprinkled with chili powder and some cheese but it ended up beeing the "mexican type chili, with ground beef beans and cheese" way more heavy than expected but it was tasty :)

Keep up the great customer service skills and quality of the food 

Cheers !笑
Wow! What a steak!! What a sandwich! The best steak sandwich in town till now!!! I gonna come here and try all items to the end of menu each time. It's a little bit greasy, but can't be delicious in any other way. It's clear it is grilled with natural fat of meat and it is a good point of it. Freshly prepared in a delicious way. Can't recommend it more!笑
Awesome place! There's nothing to complain about other than how much room there is inside. Feels super stuffy and crowded if you go in with a lot of people. But the workers are super friendly and the service is decently fast. The food is out of this world! Best. Burger. Ever. Their burger and fries combos are $9 and totally worth the price cause you get more than enough. I shared the burger combo with a friend and we were both full from the burger alone. Great place overall! 10/10 recommend it to everyone looking for a great burger or steak place.笑
OMG Their food is incredible! 
I forgot to take a picture until we got through some of our poutine, but WOW you have to come here! LOTS of veggy options!笑
I have been wanting to go to Top Gun Steak since I read about the place on BlogTO. Walked by a few times in Kensington Market but was never in the mood for a steak burger.

Today is my lucky day! 

We ordered the Top Gun Birdy (special of the day) and the Cheerful. The special came with deep fried chicken breast, pull beef in BBQ sauce, mozzarella cheese, deep fried onions, lettuce and tomato in a burger bun. The special also came with fries and a pop for $13.99. My boyfriend really enjoyed the burger. Mine came with steaks, Brie cheese, sautéed onions, mushrooms and red peppers for $8.50. What a steal! 

Overall, great value, no-frill and what you see is what you get kind of burger joint! 

Recommend!笑
One of my favourite restaurants! Thank you chef Muhammed for the amazing tasty meals.笑
I tried the steak sandwich was okay but everything is so over priced specially a can of coke...笑
Saw this when I was driving through Kensington and somehow I have never clocked this place before. Went in dor their $9.99 everyday special and was very impressed. Store was dead inside and I got to talk with the workers quite a bit. Was a little feverish while enjoying my Steak and Mushroom sandwich but damn that sandwich was on point. If in the area I would definitely hit this place instead of My Big Fat Burrito hehehe.笑
The lamb sandwich was pretty good. If you're in Kensington pretty late and looking for a place with a nice patio, Top Gun is great.笑
Really love this place! usually sandwiches fall apart and end up crumbling but this really holds up. I add a fried egg to whatever sandwich i get for extra flavor. The staff is pretty friendly too , i just wish the pricing was a little more reasonable.笑
Great food and service. The space and seating is tight but thankfully it wasn't full when I went. Very causal with no servers. Highly recommend.笑
Decided to eat here for dinner. The owner and chef were very welcoming of our group.

Ended up ordering the Iceman along with a milkshake. The food was great and well worth the money.笑
Paid this establishment a visit after frequenting the affiliated Burgernator up the street. Had the Philly cheese steak special, all in all the meal was ok, was turned off that they used a slice of processed cheese, was expecting better quality real cheese. Staff were friendly, I'd visit again and order off the menu next time.