This is the 2nd sushi gem I've been fortunate to find in an unlikely location. Everything was fresh and delicious! The rolls are a very generous size. I recommend ordering half as many add you normally would.Ǿ
Thanks to other Yelpers' reviews we found Kiyoshi's while passing through Pittsburgh. The food was great, the only comment I have was we ordered too much food because we didn't understand how big the portion sizes were. Of course if we were locals we could have had yummy leftovers!  In our case we didn't have a fridge to keep it in.Ǿ
Sushi is ok but the hot and sour soup is the best I ever tasted. The value menu is great if you can make happy hourǾ
Very good and prompt service. I was greeted very quick and they took my order. The sushi was really good and fresh. I even tried some new sushi and it was excellent. I would come back. I only gave it 4 stars because they didn't had ginger tea which I learned to drink from an old friend and is my favorite.Ǿ
Friendly prompt service!  Clean comfortable atmosphere.  The food was hot and fresh!  I ordered hot tea and a lunch special which comes with the entree of your choice, with white or fried rice, and soup or egg roll.  All tables get won ton chips with dipping sauce.  I ordered hunan chicken and egg drop soup.  Both had great flavor and the vegetables were fresh and crisp.  Great place! I wonder if they will deliver to my house in Nebraska ; )Ǿ
Best Asian restaurant in Moon.  Chinese/Japanese.  Had the Maki platter.  Plenty of food and well presented.  The Maki had some of their non-traditional house rolls.  The crispy RMU roll is great.  We also had chicken fried rice it was also good.  Nice to have options other than sushi.  The fried ice cream was supper too.  It was a ice cream ball wrapped with cake batter deep fried and covered with chocolate syrup.Ǿ
Delicious sushi restaurant. Fairly priced for the portions and good quality. Quick and friendly service as well. Would highly recommend.Ǿ
Best Chinese in the area, even better than PF Chang.  Dishes are all good, they have a wide variety on the menu, and decent portions.  No complaints at all.  Great for pick-up or dine in service.  Really good fried rice.Ǿ
I totally recommend the Crispy Chicken Lunch special.  I usually get the general tso's which is my good old stand by..  I tried the Crispy Chicken today and it should have been called AMAZING chicken because it was outstanding!~!!

The chicken is white not dark and breaded and the sauce is a little spicy and its mixed with vegetables - and mix with some steamed rice..  its PERFECTION!!!  

I totally recommend. The orders are always accurate and the food is always delicous.

Thanks Kiyoshi.Ǿ
Best Chinese around!  I don't have to drive up to Sesame Inn or Taiwan 101 anymore unless I want to!Ǿ
Inside is nice with ample parking outside. Service was great, food served very quickly after ordering. But while waiting they give you those chips with duck sauce to munch on. I got the crispy chicken, which was very lightly breaded and plenty of chicken, so I was happy. Prices are very fair. This isn't the typical chinese place with the picture menus! Slightly better than PF Changs.Ǿ
Recently went here for lunch with some co-workers and got the lunch menu. Got the usual General Tso's chicken and it came with soup or egg roll and rice all for less than $10. The quality of the chicken was surprisingly great and it was very delicious. Service was good but that was because it was a slow day but I would highly recommend for a Chinese restaurantǾ
Kiyoshi is a great stop for some affordable Chinese food and great sushi. Lunch specials for $6-7 and great sushi deals. They deliver within a few miles at no extra charge. Also, the service was quick and quite friendly. Quick tip - If you don't want your spicy tuna roll covered in spicy mayo, be sure to let the server know. That was a surprise!Ǿ
I have been here on three separate occasions to attempt to like this place. Trying something a little different every time. Figured third time would be a charm, but alas it was not.

If there were a scale from one to even... I can't.Ǿ
Great food, excellent service. The owner saw me having sushi by myself and sat down to to talk about the game on the HUGE screen behind the sushi bar. Really just old school service and excellent food.Ǿ
Sesame chicken and General Tso tasted almost the same with the sesame being just slight sweeter. Both were excessively battered (i.e. more batter than chicken) and drenched in sauce. Asked for Tso to be on the spicier end, and all I saw was 2 red pepper flakes. 

Side of fried rice was average (no egg, just peas and carrots). Lo mein was bland.Ǿ
Some of the best sushi I have ever had.  Soo fresh and delicious!  Probably not a good thing that it is so close to me because I'm going to be eating here all the time.Ǿ
Rarely disappointing.  Great execution.  Nice mix of Sushi and Chinese fare.  The staff is always willing to accomodate and I've had good times here with bunches of kids, parents, co-workers, and clients.  Service is professional.  Drinks are a little strong--and big.  There's usually something interesting on the specials list.Ǿ
My fiance and I have been (almost) regulars here for about 5 years. I went to school across the road and when we wanted sushi this was the place. After graduation we moved into the city, and tried other sushi places but we had a really hard time finding better sushi than Kiyoshi! We still make the drive out there for our sushi!

The service is ALWAYS on it.  Your glass is never empty, and they are really kind.

Also, we had our engagement party there which was really fun. :) We love Kiyoshi!Ǿ
They have rather good food and amazing service. Delivery is fast and satisfactory, but the prices have a lot to be desired for a starving college student who would like to live off of this kind of food.Ǿ
My (now) wife had our rehearsal dinner at Kiyoshi. To summarize, we could not have been happier with their restaurant, food and service.

We rented out the entire back half of the restaurant (total count was around 45 people). We had a separated area to hold a traditional Korean ceremony. It was a great setup.

The buffet style food was delicious.

The best part was the staff. They were extremely receptive, responsive and respectful.

The entire event was relatively affordable when comparing to other venues in the area.

We had a great time here and my wife and I would strongly recommend Kiyoshi.Ǿ
I used to really like this place.  Two friends and I showed up to eat here for a sushi feast.  After eating and spending like 150 on a ton of sushi one of the waiters made rude comments about how much we ate.  So, I guess I'll cut back.Ǿ
is kind of pricey but the food is great and has big portions. i can usually get two meals out of the entree. recommend the lo mein, general tso chicken, or cashew chicken. 

not a fan of sushi but looks like they have a nice sushi bar. 

the place is never busy so you're pretty much guaranteed a seat right away. 

before the meal you get the crispy wontons with duck sauce and after the meal you get some refreshing orange slices and of course a fortune cookie.Ǿ
I had my order delivered, so for starters, I didn't get to experience the restaurant.  Our delivery came earlier than expected so that was nice. Between my co-worker and myself we got the chicken fried rice and the house special tofu. The fried rice was good but I do NOT recommend the house special tofu, it was overloaded with sauce and way too much tofu.  The tofu was not fried and tasted like it was just taken out of the packaging, cut up, and put in my bowl.  It had very little vegetables and the sauce came spewing out as I took off the lid, made a huge mess.Ǿ
They deliver, are friendly, and all food was delivered steamy  and fresh! The Egg roll was delicious, the wrap around it was tough but the insides more than made up for it. The Egg drop soup was the best I have had in a long time. It had chicken chunks and carrot chunks in it and the broth was not bland. The Steamed dumplings left something to be desired... They were ok. The Crab Rangoons were everything expected: hot sweet, creamy, and made with real crab meat. The Hunan chicken isn't spicy as its indicated on the menu, but it was good. The fried rice was ok, it could have used some spice and more sauce while it cooked because it was slightly dry, but it was edible and a little soy sauce went a long way with it. And the 2 liter sprite of sprite showed up cold.Ǿ
They're consistent if not a little expensive. Good service and they're masters at take-out. Their delivery drivers are friendly and prompt... SUSHI DELIVERY PEOPLE!! That's as rare as seeing a pig fly over a double rainbow!Ǿ
I love that they deliver - and the menu is very large!  Finding a sushi delivery place is even more amazing!  
Food was delicious and arrived on time!Ǿ
I used to love this place. I order enough for a few days and since we are relocating and I'm very busy I placed an order for delivery last night. I didn't know it would be the biggest mistake!  The Singapore rice noodles were tasteless, no flavor at all! Also, don't order more than one sushi roll because they will shove them into one tiny container with little to no wasabi. I called them because honestly, I don't like online reviews.  So, I wanted to give them a chance to make it right. The girl on the phone offered to remake the tasteless dish for me and I could pick it up. Key word, OFFERED! I did not ask. So, I got in my car and headed that way, well the same person called me back to tell me they changed their minds. They will not remake my food. So I'm out $30 and dinner for the next few nights. Please save yourself the overpriced hassle.Ǿ
Unique, relaxing ambience. Wide variety of entrees with excellent presentation. Nice wine list, variety of beers. Highly recommend it.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I walked in at 9:30 on a Friday and the first thing the hostess said to us was "We close at 10:30." Wow, rude, but okay. They were also already cleaning so the entire place smelt like bleach. We were the only ones in the restaurant and everyone was very rude to us and we felt like the just wanted us out. So we decided to just ordered a sushi roll and leave. When we told our waitress we only wanted a roll she rolled her eyes and said, "That's it?" The sushi was great, so I'd like to leave a positive review, but the rudeness here was just astronomical.Ǿ
The food was alright! I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. They differently lacked in the customer service category.Ǿ
Was really surprised at how good this place was!  General Tso, crab ragoons, and sushi including the happy hour roll and salmon were all great!

I have been back again and again for the sushi and it has always been awesome! Think I found my new favorite! Much better and bigger pieces than you find at any of the chain Japanese places.Ǿ
Had lunch delivered, egg drop soup, egg rolls, and chicken and green beans. It was Great! Not salty and tasted very fresh. Today I have ordered again except sesame chicken so well see if they are consistent.Ǿ
Kiyoshi is always a good place if you're in the mood for sushi. Place is nice if you go in person, or they deliver which is even better. We've always had excellent food from them.Ǿ
Great local Chinese restaurant.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  Portions are enormous and delicious.  They even have an excellent sushi bar.

Take out is very quick and when you eat in the staff is very attentive.  I would recommend Kiyoshi for lunch or dinner!Ǿ
Love the place very friendly, and the food is awesome. If you have it delivered the is only 1/2 he.Ǿ
This is by far the best chinese delivery in town! The restaurant is very clean and the staff is very friendly. Never a bad experience! Food is fantastic!Ǿ
We eat here a lot all the food is great! Staff is always very friendly. The only thing I don't line is the orang chicken comes with some orange peels or something they are not my favorite have to pick them out.Ǿ
This is our go to sushi pickup or delivery place.  Actually this is my favorite sushi place in the Pittsburgh area.  We have been regulars here for over a year, and everything that we have had has been great. 

Beer:  They have a full bar, but since I take my meal as takeout, I do not drink there.

Food:  I could probably rave on and on about the food here, the sushi or the cooked food.  My favorite rolls are the Pink Lady and the Rainforest Roll; both are in soy wrappers, and both have a perfect mix of different flavors.  They are a mouth full because the rolls probably are 2 inches in diameter; but, if you have a big mouth like myself, that is not a problem.  As for the cooked food, I enjoy just about everything.  The General Taos is a little better than average, but my go to lately, is the Chicken Mai Fun.  I love the those thin noodles. 

Pros:  It is clean.  The service is always prompt and very friendly, and the delivery people are always nice.  

Cons:  Nothing major that I can think of.  

Conclusion:  Always on the short list of places to go.  If I am in the moon area and want oriental or sushi, it is hard for me to go to anywhere but there.Ǿ
Ordered the Sashimi Dinner, reasonably priced at $20 with soup or salad. It oddly came with a roll (!?). Asked to switch this roll for something else and was told they do not do substitutions. If you don't want people substituting rolls out of your Sashimi then don't put rolls with something that shouldn't be getting them.

Food was delivered quickly and the person was pleasent. Salad dressing was watery and bland. Sashimi portions were nice and the fish seemed fresh. Would have given 4 stars except for the dickish no substitution policy.Ǿ
Good food and great service.

4 stars is given because the size of the egg rolls that you buy has decreased tremendously, it looks like a mini egg roll, for that size the price they charge for it is not worth it, but everything else is good.Ǿ
Ordered delivery and was pumped from reading all these great reviews!  Unfortunately, the food was for the most part a buzzkill.

The spicy salmon roll was solid, the saving grace of the meal.  The salmon itself was very fresh and flavorful and there was a delightful spicy, creamy sauce adorning each roll.  Should have just ordered two of these and left it at that.  But no, I had to spring for some of the Chinese as well.

The value was great for the portions of the Chinese dinner specials, but the actual Crispy Chicken entree left a lot to be desired.  First, the sauce was extremely sweet and there was about a quart of it in the dish.  The chicken was soggy, not crispy, and the veggies were julienned too thin for me to consider eating.  But really, the sauce killed it for me before I could even begin critiquing anything else.Ǿ
Little disappointed with the limited choice of Japanese food. Serves only sushi basically.Ǿ
Went to Kyoshi and was excited to see that the menu had Chinese and Japanese items on the menu. I was able to order some Chinese episodes and sushi but nothing was really good.Ǿ
A perfect sushi dinner as always. Two volcano rolls amongst other basic rolls. Justin was a fun and personable server who remembered us from last time. Now that's service!

Still the best sushi in Pittsburgh.Ǿ
Another weekend was winding down, and Kay's infatuation with Asian cuisine led us to Kiyoshi, a place she's eaten at fairly often given she works nearby. 

They specialize in both Chinese and Japanese but lean more towards Chinese. Being that I seem to be on a sashimi track of late and had been wanting to try Chirashi for some time, I went with that instead of the Una-Ju (boiled eel), which I came very close to ordering. 

I dunno, I keep trying sashimi wherever it is sold, and it's all...good. Kiyoshi's chirashi came with the required salmon and tuna, both so luxuriously lardy you forget you're eating meat. Also in the mix was some crab and shrimp with the everpresent wasabi, daikon, and pickled ginger (never use 'em anymore since I like to taste the fish by itself). The crab and shrimp were both slightly weak partners in that they were just a little tough albeit still more than edible. 

I've read that chirashi rice is supposed to be seasoned, vinegary, but I barely tasted the rice at all. All in all though, I'm glad I ordered it, the salmon and tuna making the artful bowl of grub sing. 

The generous portion of miso soup that came before my chirashi was just as flavorful as any I've had so far with its cloudy broth and tofu cubes bobbing up and down. 

Kay got a sushi combo I can't recall the exact name of, nor can I recall everything she had on her plate, but oh how I coveted her lunch, drooling at the kind of exquisite plating of food you just can't get via takeout. Who thinks to snap a photo when they're starving, y'know?

We chose something called Tiger Eyes as our appetizer, and no they were not really the eyes of big, dangerous felines. Rather they were calamari rings filled with cream cheese and a particularly smoky salmon. I believe we got 6 pieces, and Kay and I protected our respective shares upon initial chomp; the sign of a decent starter.

Our desserts were interesting. They were out of fried ice cream, something that has seemingly become a standard in Asian restaurants these days, so I simply went with cheesecake. Kay got something called Mochi. 

I never thought that the zenith of my cheesecake experience would be had in an Asian bistro. This was seriously ideal. The cake itself was so delicate and had such a beautiful, subtle, and creamy flavor that Cheesecake Factory became a joke. However, when I asked the server about it, he admitted that they bring it in from elsewhere and that he had forgotten where they bought it from! Tragic. He did mention the Strip District, but other than that, it had slipped his mind. Perhaps an investigation is in order. 

Kay's Mochi came in more than the 2 pieces Kiyoshi lists on their menu  An exotic and unique dessert, mochi (for the uninitiated) is a rice paste that is kneaded into a form of dough. It can be used for a number of applications, but in this case serves to house spheres of ice cream, Kiyoshi offering several flavors to choose from, Kay picking red bean. Never has something concurrently tasted so ancient yet futuristic to me, the red bean ice cream being an out-of-the-box choice. If any dessert could marvel the taste buds in its simple execution yet complicated and oddly delightful essence, this was it. And I'm sorry, chocolate and vanilla wouldn't have cut it here, that blubbery coating just being too wonderfully alien to contain traditional ice cream varieties. In 2099, you'll find Mochi ice cream trucks stopping in front of your pad.Ǿ
Ordered take-out while in the area on business.  Called and the gentleman that answered the phone was very nice.  Took the order and told me 45 minutes for delivery.  Came early (about 25 minutes) - food was VERY good, portions were huge and they included the extras (i.e. hot mustard) that I asked for. No brainer if you are in the area - great experienceǾ
Ordered the Royal Delight, everything about it was amazing. Portion sizes here are large, so the prices are pretty reasonable. The eel was very good as well. 

Waitress was very friendly and engaging. Will be returning soon.Ǿ
Delicious food and fantastic customer service. Was not busy at all which concerned me at first. I ordered sushi as an appetizer which was made almost in front of me. It was great and then got general tsos chicken for my entree. It tasted great and the size of the entrees was more than plentiful. Their fried rice was decent but besides that, a wonderful experience.Ǿ
Tasty local option at reasonable prices. Quick service and large portions make worth coming back. Moo Shu Pork and Won Ton Soup are highlights.Ǿ
I spoke with David and shared that the restaurant came recommended by the Hilton. They were Right!!. I ordered shrimp with broccoli and the dish was very tasty. The shrimp were very fresh and large. The broccoli was not overcooked and still crunchy. Very Good and very friendly.  Oh go for the egg drop soup. Also seasoned well.
Once again great job. Bring your restaurant to Atlanta GA.Ǿ
I've been to this restaurant twice, and felt as if it was 2 totally separate places due to the service. The first impression was nice. The service was quick, friendly, and very helpful in decision making. 

The last experience was the opposite.  We were rushed to our table. I believe that the host was nearly running to take us to our spot. Little interaction during the entire meal. Our meals were even dispersed incorrectly (- they put half of my sushi on one of my guest's plates and vice versa). 

As for the food, I find it to be acceptable. I've ordered off of the sushi menu both times, and have found that the selection is pretty good for Pennsylvania. 

They have a great happy hour, as well.Ǿ
Good place, but not great. I picked up takeout and the restaurant had a weird odor inside. The sushi was average. I really liked the beef fried rice. Prices are about average. Staff was very nice.Ǿ
We came in around 8 on Friday night 8/19/16 for some sushi and the place looked empty, especially for a Friday night.  There were about 3 tables that was occupied, and all of them were almost done with their dinner.  The waitress brought us a typical Chinese style menu. I  meant the fancy and thick looking  one with over 100 dishes on the menu and a sushi menu printed on a piece of paper with about 30 different items on it. She also gave us another sushi menu that was in a plastic cover. This menu is for non rice rolls only.  So we decided to order sushi rolls only. My son and daughter marked 4 rolls on the menu order and I  chose a yellowtail sashimi.  However,  I  didn't want any roll with rice so I  told the waitress I  wanted a roll that was called "temptation" from the menu with the plastic cover.  The roll basically came with a  piece of raw fish, an imitation crab stick and shredded carrots wrap around the whole thing with a strip of cucumber.  I  also order a scallion pancake.  There was a sushi bar in the middle of the restaurant. It was empty when we came in. The sushi chef came out from the back and kind of stare at us and wanted to know who dare decided to order sushi this late in the evening.  The whole time I was watching him trying to make my "temptation roll" and he had to consult the menu that was prop against the wall behind him three times to make sure what goes in there. I thought to myself, hmm a sushi chef doesn't know what goes in a sushi roll? Since we order 5 rolls, so I expect is going to take a while,  but I  was wrong.  He finished everything in less than 5 minutes and then he disappeared into the back again. Then the waitress brought us the sushi dish.  Well guess what, only my sashimi and the temptation roll were on the plate. So we figured the rest of the rolls will come later.  Omg, I  have eaten  sushi like a million times before, but this is the first time that I  have ever seen a pathetic looking sushi roll and sashimi. So I picked up the temptation roll, which was about the size of a quarter, and everything inside fell back onto the plate. The cucumber wrap was so thick. That's the reason why nothing can hold up inside the cucumber.  I don't even  want to talk about the sashimi.  I have never seen a sashimi cut or slice that way. I  finally realized that my children's sushi will never    come, so I offered my last 2 pieces of the temptation rolls to my children. There were only a total of 5 pieces  on it. The waitress came back and checked on us and I asked her where were  the rest of the sushi rolls. She LOOKED CONFUSED.  I told her there were 4 more rolls that we ordered and she said that there was only one order on the sushi menu. So I asked  her to check the paper again.  She went behind the cash register and looked for the paper and came back and showed us the order. I  took a look at the paper and it wasn't  even our order. Although there was one order on it. I  meant how could she only saw the sashimi,  but totally missing  the rest of the order.   I  asked for the  check, because we were so done with dinner.   Yup, the total of the meal came out to be $31.03 for the entire meal, that's including tax. Out of that $31.03,  $10.00 was for 2 sodas and a cocktail.  I  rarely write review,  but this is something I can't help it and need to speak up. By the way, we chose this restaurant because of the 4 stars review on Yelp. Also, this is something I want to mention that totally gross me out. After the sushi chef fixed my food, I saw him stomping the floor with his left foot.  I can only assume it's either a bug or a cockroach that was big enough that he can see. Then he wiped his left foot on the floor trying to get rid of whatever stuck to his shoe and walked back to continue what he was doing before I dragged  him away from it. That's the last thing I want to see before I have my dinner.  I  guess the 4 stars they received on Yelp must be from the Chinese side of the menu,  because the Japanese roll that I had were  bad and overpriced. Another thing I want to point out is the name of the restaurant.  Kiyoshi is Japanese,  but the Chinese menu is thick enough to have at least over 50 dishes, while the Japanese dishes is printed on a piece of paper.  No fancy menu booklet,  no pictures.  So my question is if you choose to serve mainly Chinese dishes  in your restaurant why choosing  a Japanese name for it.  Isn't it confusing? In conclusion,  my children left the restaurant feeling hungry and disappointed because they were craving for sushi, but ended up eating nothing, except for some free cold and stale fried wonton wraps.Ǿ
I was not impressed at all:-( let's start with the wait. We were greeted immediately and seated and that was great. There was a tad bit of a lunch crowd so a little bit of a wait is to be expected. They brought out my GYOZa almost immediately which was a good sign. Then I noticed  the waitresses breath was almost unbearable:-( I am so sorry to have to report or even say that but it was true. Then another employee comes over with the same halitosis situation:( I am only saying this because dental hygiene is a big deals if you work in the food or any service industry where you talk to people you make want to get that checked.

I was not impressed with the gyoza at all and I am easy going pot sticker lover:-) it's pretty hard to mess those up. However these were not good at all. Then we wait almost 40 minutes for our food! And my rolls were mediocre at best:( I wanted to like this place as I have had it bookmarked for a while now but it was a real disappointment a real big disappointment. Needless to say I won't be backǾ
In from out of town and yelped reviews for Chinese food in the area. Looked good from reviews online, tasted even better with carryout.  Very tasty, not bland. Great LoMein and Egg Foo Young, very fresh.  Tender and fresh shrimp that was well cleaned in the cuisine.  Definite plus!  Enjoy this place.Ǿ
Came here on a Saturday with my grandparents and mom. My grandparents are ignorant when it comes to American Chinese food because they came from Iran and are only visiting- hence, they had no idea what they will like and what to expect. 

The inside was nice, looked very neat and tidy, the waiters were wearing shirt and tie and were very attentive. The menu was very big- lots of items to choose from. 

I ordered the Sesame shrimp, my mom go the General Tso's shrimp, and we got my grandparents coconut shrimp. They gave us crispy chips and duck sauce while we waited which was a very delicious yet regrettable appetizer- we also got shrimp dumplings which was very bland, i was not impressed. 

After about 10-15 minutes our food came out. Presentation was on point looked very pretty and aesthetic. And the quantity of shrimp on my plate was insane- each entree was packed with abundant jumbo shrimp., the taste- it was delicious, it could have been a little crispier- but i still loved it. 

Service was attentive and good. 

Will returnǾ
This review is for their delivery service. 

Food came within 30 minutes and free delivery for orders over $15. I ordered the lunch special and the portions were huge. Lunch specials came with rice and either a side soup or egg roll. Everything was tasty for the cheap price. 2 Lunch portions ended up feeding 4 people. 

Highly recommend this place for those craving some quality, yet greasy asian bites. Great food and quick delivery!Ǿ
Always have a great meals here and great atmosphere and great sushi!...  Nothing out of this world but definitely good quality Chinese food and good serviceǾ
Kiyoshi is now open!!! And guess who ordered it for lunch today? About half my department! :DǾ
They deliver which is why I order from them but they can be pricey for what it is. The last two times I ordered from them my food was loaded with onions! $22 for a bowl of onions with sauce! 

Update: the prices listed on their website and on some flyers do NOT reflect the prices. I bought sushi last night and was surprised to find when I checked out it was $2 more than the price was listed online and their only explanation was, "oh, well it costs more now." It's something to think about if you are trying to stick to a certain budget.