A pretty good shawarma! Meat is seasoned well and you get a fair amount (I've noticed that some places cheap out and you get more toppings then meat), you definitely get meat in every bite. The sauces that are used are what make me come back to this place, as well as, the meat is well seasoned. Very flavourful. I've only had the chicken and mixed shawarma sandwiches here, but they have good value daily specials. I'd definitely comeback on various weekdays to try their other foodǾ
Very good quality and awesome portion sizes for the money,  good value great service.  Had the large chicken shawarma and Greek salad.Ǿ
Wow!  Had a basic chicken shawarma and it was above and beyond that OTHER shawarma place. (Think nuts!). Husband had a chicken shawarma Neal on fries with salad that was so good. Fries done to perfection. Will be back for sure.Ǿ
Great shawarma. Good price and portion. **Beware** of cheese fries that are microwaved  in Styrofoam which is absolutely unsafe. I caught it and they finally end up using a glass plate. The owner was kind enough to give the fires free of charge. Will come backǾ
This is a relatively new Shawarma place that has opened up to replace the Quiznos that was once there. 

During my first visit they had a relatively new guy preparing the food hence he didn't put half the sauces that belong on the Chicken on the Rocks dish I had, sadly I realized this when I got home. 

I decided to give them another shot and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Compared to my first time, there was definitely something more than just the right sauces being put on. The food does taste somewhat similar to Osmows so if you like Osmows but hate the lines this would be your place as I've never seen them too busy. 

The staff are all really friendly, something I feel lacks from other Middle Eastern quick serve places. 

P.S if you like your food spicy you might be a little disappointed as their hot sauce isn't all that spicy at all. But they do make up for it by providing you with some Chilli Powder if you so choose.Ǿ
Newly opened where the old Quiznos was. Food is freshly made and you can actually taste the chicken in the shawarma as its not hidden by loads of sauce like other places.  Rice is fresh and tasty.  Taza has daily specials which have good value or the prices in general are a bit less than competitors. Management and workers are friendly. Been here multiple times already for lunch and will continue to repeat.Ǿ
Never waste your time going to streetsville again because this place has the best shawarma im addictedǾ
Ordered the Friday special: two chicken on the rocks for $10.
Pros: meat is well seasoned, price is very good.
Cons: we ordered "hot" but the hot sauce/ red sauce was very mild, it was a bit sweet. It almost tasted like ketchup mixed with hot sauce.
I wasn't a fan of their regular sauce either in comparison to other places. 
The serving portion was smaller than other places, but acceptable for the Friday special deal.
The service was pretty bad and rude. 
We also ordered the falafel appetizer, it was nothing to brag about. 

With chicken on the rocks, it's the sauce that can make or break the dish in my opinion. And this one was a flop. 
I'd maybe be back to try a shawarma sandwich or something since the meat was good.Ǿ
:)  taza   means in Arabic fresh to be honest every thing in this restaurant is fresh even the sauces  are fresh and the food  contain all the vitamins and  elements which our body needs. Finally, the concept of taza  is freshǾ
One of the best fast food restaurant that offers some Egyptian tasty plates & sandwiches.
We enjoyed very reasonable prices, good customer service, and clean place.
We live far, but we will re-visit again for sure. It is worth the drive.Ǿ
Food is good. Sometimes chicken is kinda rubbery. Not a fan of the owner he's a smuckǾ
I went here for lunch on the recommendation of my friend who said he enjoyed the chicken on the rocks at Taza. When i stepped into the restaurant i noticed the coffee i came in with had water vapour coming off it, the restaurant needs to turn on their heat! 

On to the meal i ordered, the chicken on the rocks i ordered with half fries. I ordered it with medium spice but in comparison to other restaurants it is very mild in comparison. The rice is a long grain rice which i found refreshing, the fries are cavendish fries youd find in costco which were crispy and very tasty. Unforunately the amount of chicken that was given was absolutely disappointing in comparison, lazeez and osmows gives more chicken. Also since it was so cold in the restaurant the garlic sauce was very cold and made the rice luke warm. 

The silver lining in all of this was that the pricing is very competitive. $6 total for a regular sized on the rocks.Ǿ
Real nice atmosphere. Food is fresh, very tasty and reasonably priced. The owner is pretty cool, was really making sure we gave feedback so he could make the place awesome. Aside from traditional things you'd find in most shawarma spots like on the rocks shawarma, falafel or Shish Taouk they have more obscure but delicious Egyptian items like lentil soup, amazing Kofta, favs beans and koshary. Also Calamari and Philly steak. 

I had the mixed grill, for $15 I got a massive kofta, chicken and beef shawarma, and a shish Taouk skewer. Salad and fries on the side. The fries were different than most places, really tasty. 

Definitely a place I'll go back to over some other much more expensive places in the neighbourhood.Ǿ
Happened upon this place by chance I was out with my wife for a motorcycle ride and was starving I pulled over to check what was around and spotted this place, glad I did neat and clean the staff are friendly and professional and are prepared for steady flow of customers ,we had the Sunday special it was delicious the combination of spices and garlic sauces and the mixed salad with olives pickles and fresh beets and the chicken mesh perfectly.
Loved it ! I give this place all talons up!
Cheers!Ǿ
If you really want amazing meal with a reasonable price then pick taza.. 
I recommend the shawerma..  OMG it's one of a kind. 
I loved the food a lot