I work in the plaza and eat in the area often.  I've given this location several chances, as have my coworkers, and everyone has given up.  They forgot egg on my Mediterranean EGG sandwich......   Come on, it's in the name.  Save your money, go to Chipotle a few stores down.  Cheaper and consistently good.Ǿ
You never go wrong with Panera Bread. I actually like their sandwich.
I don't know why people have problems with Chain restaurants.
I can go there for lunch everyday.Ǿ
Waited 17 minutes for a cup of iced coffee.  Should have asked for my money back when they handed me a beeper.  I've never been in a Panera that handed you a pager and made you wait for a drink.  First and last time at this one.Ǿ
Love that there's a Panera closer to me, and love that it has a drive-thru!  So convenient, especially when picking up breakfast for the office.  Has all of the typical Panera food, and is the same quality I've had at other Panera's.  Breads are always freshly baked, and never, ever skip getting a chocolate chip cookie with your meal.  They are delicious!  Love the inside, lots of tables and corners for private conversations or some quiet solitude.

This is a new location so I think they are still working on efficiency with the drive-thru.  Sometimes the wait can be a little long, even for simpler orders.Ǿ
Wilted salad alert. I ordered the arugula with chicken and it looked like the leaves were wet and frozen. I can only surmise that they don't give a shit, although they apologized profusely.Ǿ
This location is hit or miss. I have been several times. The food/service is not consistent. Also the design of store is very poor. If a few people are in front of you in line you may be forced to stand in the vestibule. Other Panera locations have plenty of outlets for you to recharge and do some work if need be. This location outlets very few and far between.Ǿ
Slow service, unconcerned wait staff, and a changed menu that does not compete well with the old Panera menu.

Waited about 15 minutes to get served. Ordered soup because the salad I used to like was gone and the "replacement" salad was not at all appealing. The soup was cold, and the bowl was only half filled. Went back to get it fixed and gave up after another 10 minutes.

And "clean food"? Seriously? What were people eating before? Filth?Ǿ
Panera's is an experience no matter where you visit.  But depending on the staff food presentation can vary.  The one in Monaca is always great.  This one was okay but I tend not to eat there -- just coffee and a place to work occassionally.  My main Panera's is in Monaca.Ǿ
While I have yet to eat here, since this is just my AM coffee stop (if I have time) on the way to work, I have been impressed each and every time I have visited by the demeanor of the staff. Panera is not typically a place (in my experience) that you find an always cheerful, friendly, and helpful staff, but at this particular location, I have only had the most positive interactions. Even this morning when the line was about 7 people deep, the cashiers remained calm and friendly and took an appropriate amount of time with each guest depending on what he or she was ordering. I know my order is always simple (medium coffee to go-LOVE the Hazelnut), but I just wanted to give a kudos to the staff for always handing me my cup with a smile on their face, which is nice to see when I'm still half-asleep in the morning!Ǿ
I love Panera Bread McCandless!  McCandless Crossing is a fantastic development!  It's very exciting to see this area grow.Ǿ
I have been to this location 3 times now, and have sent my food back to them all
3 times.  I ordered, what I thought was an Udon soup once, and it looked like beef broth, and
smelled like the garbage dumpster.

Went there this past Thursday, and ordered a tuna sandwich. I asked the cashier what was on it, prior to ordering, and he said lettuce and tomato.  I ordered a half of the sandwich, on plain white bread, with the lettuce and tomato on the side. Waited for 14 minutes, all the while, watching the people preparing the sandwiches working at the pace of a snail. 

I was given a bag, and checked it immediately. I received a scoop of tuna on a ciabatta bread, with ONIONS on top of the scoop of tuna. (the tuna had not been spread onto the bread, just there in a scoop in the middle of this large, thick ciabatta bread.)  I gave it back to the cashier, asking for a refund. How is this so hard to make a simple 1/2 of a tuna salad sandwich with the lettuce and tomato on the side.  Incidentally, there was NO lettuce or tomato in the bag on the side, either.

My husband had ordered a turkey sandwich with nothing on it, and the "special sauce" on the side.  You guessed it....sauce, lettuce, tomato and onions on his sandwich. 
Unbelievable.  This is not brain surgery. It is simple sandwiches.

There were so many people waiting in front of the serving station, waiting for their food, that
we all started laughing about what could possibly take so long.

Needless to say, we returned the order, and have no intentions of EVER returning to this location. They have had several opportunities to serve good food correctly ordered.  Three
strikes, you're OUT!  Sorry McCandless Panera.

Oh, yeah, and the manager's lame excuse for this was, "we have a lot of new people making the sandwiches".  Not a good answer, M'am, If they can't make a simple tuna sandwich, they need more training from YOU, or they shouldn't be here at all.Ǿ
A big, beautiful wonderful Panera. It is spacious with plugs aplenty. I sat there for a couple of hours waiting on my husband. There were lots of places to sit, lots of light, good places for groups or those killing some time like me.Ǿ
I'll start by saying this review is specifically for this Panera at McCandless Crossing.  After doing some investigating, it's a franchised store and apparently this franchise just doesn't give a rat's behind.  I've had plenty of good experiences with Panera, so I don't want to overgeneralize.

First, whoever designed this store should never work again.  You can fit like three people in line before everyone's having to stand out the door, weaving here and there to let people out.  On to the real issue, though.  This store is the closest to my house and we've tried repeatedly to pick up orders to go there.  Every time we get home and realize that multiple parts of the order are wrong.  We've taken to trying to remember each time to check the bag and have them fix the mistakes before we leave, but there are times when you're just in a rush and don't end up doing that part of their job for them.  Today we had multiple parts of our order wrong, and the manager was the one packing the order!  When we got home and realized that the sandwich was the wrong sandwich and the salad was just plain missing from the bag, the "manager" said I could either come down and get a free pastry or get a free "you pick 2 coupon" in the mail.  They've had to give me coupons before, and quite frankly, I would much rather just get a correct order than have to  be offered a stupid coupon every time I come to the store.  I will drive to Wexford or down to McKnight if I want Panera; this place has been like this since they've opened and there's no excuse any more.  They're relying off of the popularity of McCandless Crossing but refusing to actually make their restaurant a better run operation.  Panera, keep an eye on your franchises: I'm reasonable enough to realize that this one store shouldn't represent the company as a whole, but not everyone's so understanding.Ǿ
Going to keep this review short and sweet. My last visit I ordered a Thai salad to go. Got home and within the first few bites found not one, not two, but multiple bugs floating in my salad. I wrote an email complaint to corporate and got a response 4 days later from a manager saying she can't help me because this isn't her store. Really lady??

Soup is always Luke warm or cold. Never hot. Your bill will be about $15-20 for one person and nearly $30 for two. It's not worth the price, hassle, or wait times. 

Keep your money and go elsewhere. Let's put this Panera out of business. I will never return!!Ǿ
Been to this location a number of times.  Service has always been very solid.  Only Panera I've been to with a drive thru, which is an added convenience.Ǿ
I am a fan of Panera Bread for their fresh salads, vegetables, bread.. Etc.. Well, here it is not like that at all. The salad I ordered was stale and tasted like it was a week old. My sisters sandwich was disgusting. She had the grilled cheese. And the pasta primavera tasted over a week old. None of the vegetables were fresh. The bread was hard as a rock!! The soup tasted horrible. Talk about being disappointed!! I will never come here again. Now I have to be convinced to ever eat at Panera Bread again!!! Definitely never recommend this place or its location!!Ǿ
Ordered a bacon turkey bravo with no tomato, did not get bacon or cheese and got a tomato, bravo!  Ordered a bowl of French onion soup, did not get cheese. Grilled cheese sandwich was barely grilled. The tai peanut salad wasn't bad, but the peanut sauce was killed by the other dressing that was on it.Ǿ
Worst Panera ever!! Did the drive-through. Chicken apple cheddar sandwich was disgustingly soggy, sitting in a pool of liquid with both pieces of bread soaked through..and it had no cheddar on it. The side greek salad lettuce was wilted, there were no kalamata olives or peppers, and instead of red onions it had pickled onions!? Everything looked like it had been sitting around for longer than I'd like to know. Gross.Ǿ
The food is delicious, but the service is always really slow. They consistently have a lot of people in the back, but only one cashier, who also has to prepare bagels etc. so it takes forever to get your order in.