The food is pretty average. I don't get why people love this place. The flavours are subpar and the service...

Service: on a Thursday night our waitress asked us to hurry about because there were more people waiting. I have never been prompted like that ever.笑
More like a 4.5. The only reason why it doesn't get a perfect score from me is because it's a pretty small space. Otherwise, this is one of the most consistently impressive restaurants that I've been to in the city, even as it's transitioned from nu-Asian to contemporary French. At my most recent outing, my friend and I ordered the cheese puffs, steak tartare, snails, and half duck with chive pancakes. Everything was exceptionally tasty, and reasonably portioned as well. You can taste the classic French influences (fatty/creamy or earthy/salty), but there's also a modern casualness to how the dishes are plated. I also ordered the Artists Special and French cocktails, the latter being my favorite. Service is prompt and friendly. I also appreciated how the atmosphere was buzzy and "night-y" but you could still carry on conversation with your party without shouting.笑
Fantastic restaurant. I went with a group of friends and split the kale salad, calamari, beef tartare, spicy popcorn shrimp, and lettuce meal. The kale salad and popcorn shrimp were both good. Meanwhile, the tartare, calamari and lettuce meal were awesome. Highly recommend all three of those dishes. 

Absolutely awesome place.

Vibe is trendy/hipster with a comfortable Quebecois overtone.笑
After being to Chantecler twice, i give it a solid three stars.

The service is excellent. Servers take on a team dynamic and are an top of everything. Granted, it's a small restaurant, but they take pride. The small space makes for an intimate experience with the chefs and servers, that the Black Hoof introduced to Toronto and is a remarkable experience.

Food wise, the restaurant falls just shy of great food when you compare it to Odd Seoul. It only makes sense to do so, given that OddSeoul is just down the street and offers essentially the same style of food  - modern Korean tapas. 

Where Chantecler falls short is in the 'noise' of the dishes. There's a lot going on in each dish, and the central protein is more often than not, confused.  For example, the beef tartare by itself is excellent, with wassabi stem as a unique addition - but then put on a shrimp cracker, it's over powered. Or take the popcorn shrimp - genius theoretically, but you're left with the batter being the major component, and the shrimp feels like a mere after thought.  Odd Seoul on the other hand, brings forward those bold intense flavours, but does it highlighting what the central dish stands for. 

Don't get me wrong, Chantecler does do food well, but they fall just short of excellence. But atmosphere and service wise, they beat OddSeoul by a fair margin.笑
Tuesday buck a shuck was an unexpected delight! $1/oz of their wine was also a nice surprise. The two $$ on Yelp did not steer us wrong - Restaurant Chantecler has a great quality to price ratio... probably the best value I've seen in Toronto. Three of us shared oysters, steak tartare, 12oz steak & marrow, fries, a salmon spread that isn't on the menu, and a cheeseboard for desert. It was a bit too much food, the waiter kind of pressured us to order more even though our original order would probably have been perfect. Fortunately it was all delicious and we didn't leave any leftovers. The marrow was the only portion I was indifferent towards. The cheese board is definitely something I would never have ordered on my own - but it was fantastic. Great atmosphere too!笑
Great cocktail list. Amazing food. Highly recommend the mushroom appetizer, pork and sausage entree, and the fries. Perfection.笑
4.5 stars  because after trying a few more restaurants nearby, I realized the value here makes it better than most other dinners.  I normally don't comment on value but this place is so good and so well priced that I want to come back here a lot when I'm not looking for a celebratory fancier place.  

Every Toronto neighbourhood needs a restaurant like Chantecler. A restaurant that embodies the best of the area,creates very good food at a reasonable price, and keeps you coming back.  Its YOUR neighbourhood restaurant... the only one that stands out for consistent good service and awesome plates.  It's too bad I dont live W Queen W or Parkdale cause I would love this place to be mine!

I came on a Sunday evening during the long weekend and we were one of the first ones in the restaurant.  The place isnt big but the front windows completely open up to the streets allowing a lot of gorgeous light and also fresh air into the space.  Theres a lot of tall bar seating and some shared tables & bar space.  It was comfortable enough that we didnt feel like we had to overhear neighbouring tables.  

The service here was spot on for a place like this... authentically warm, friendly, helpful, and interested in creating a good experience.  We werent too sure how much to order but were told that one or two platters with a few snacks, sides, and appetizers to fill it out would be more than enough for our small group.  I wondered if it would be enough but I realized quickly that Chantecler reminds me of many of the true Parisian bistros.  It offers really good food at very reasonable prices that fills you up and you leave happy.  It's not like some of the hipster places near Ossington where you wonder where half of the serving went (hello Good Son... 2 loonie sized scallops is not an entree at $25!).  Like I said... Chantecler needs to be in every hood in Toronto... including Ossington.

We ordered a fair bit with 2 orders of their own beer and it only came up to $80 before tip!  We did order a fair bit of small things so we can try different things and I highly recommend that

Gougeres Cheese Puffs - A cute plate of many little warm airy carby goodness arrives covered with a dusting of Parmesan.  This was a nice opening as who can say no to warm cheesy carbs.  I would have appreciated if it had more of a cheesy flavour. 3.5/5

Kale and Roasted Squash Salad - Nicely dressed kale salad that had 2 good sweet roasted slices of squash, pieces of poached sweet pear. Generous shaving of Parmesan to bring salty flavours.  And some pumpkin seeds to bring the crunch.  it's a solid and generous helping for all the adults at the table.  4/5

Chicken Pate - Ok, this was soo ridiculously creamy.  A super generous serving of rich buttery chicken liver pate that was accompanied with a sweet tomato jam, crunchy radishes, and tart acidic pickles.  Put everything together and you get a burst of delicious crunchy, smooth, creamy, sweet, sour, and tart.  I cannot tell you how many times we all commented how good this was.  This is enough for 3+ adults to share... easily.  But you probably dont want to even though your doctor would recommend it.  Kudos to the service who did bring a 2nd plate of bread to help use up all the great pate.  5/5

Sausage and Pork Platter - This is another dish that completely surprised on how good it can be.  The pork served looks like a loin but it's really the pork shoulder rolled up in a rollade and then pan seared to the point the ends are crispy like a bacon while the interior is a tender bite.  We were all amazed because we expected dry loin with the exterior looking that crisp... totally pleasantly surprised.  Probably one of the best pork I've had this year.  The sausage was ok... a bit dry but the pork shoulder... ORDER IT!  The accompanying apple sauce and grainy mustard are just perfect to give that sour and sweet.  Another winner 5/5

Brussel Sprouts with Bacon - I like this a lot ... it has bacon.  I think thats enough to convince anyone to try this.  It's wonderful generous serving for $6 and satisfied the entire table for some green vegetables.  Minor issue would be some of the sprouts were a bit big and not cooked through to tender.  4/5

Fries - French fries are done pretty good here.  I think we got this cause we love how someone at the table thought French Fries are French when they were really young.  It could have been cooked a bit crispier as some pieces were still tender and pale instead of crispy.  3.5/5

The Pork and Chicken Pate were really well done and the price point makes this an affordable option any day of the week.  I am already looking at the menu to see what other items we can try (duck? fish? marrow?).  The service makes this place a perfect spot where you can feel relaxed and enjoy an amazing dinner.  Parkdale and West Queen West... you're lucky to have this spot!笑
So much hype about this restaurant and of course I was drawn in. Finally went and it all definitely lived up to the hype. The service was fantastic, our server was very knowledgeable and kind, a complete natural. 

Love the atmosphere, dark and candle lit tables. Older kitchen set up out in the open that gave it a real homey hipster vibe.
 
We ordered almost everything on the menu and all dishes were impeccable, hard to believe right? I'm going to say that what these guys do with their food is a complete joy to your palate. The food is so innovative and everything was perfectly seasoned! Few of my favs:

1. The lettuce fish taco
2. The beet juice calamari
3. The spicy beef tartare 
4. Popcorn shrimp

Their drinks are great especially the grapefruit gin and tonic.
Also I asked for jameson neat and they didn't have but he had told me I would enjoy Jim Bean Black even though I don't like JB. He poured out half a shot for me to taste and it was actually smooth and tasty. 

Definitely need to go back, it was a great experience. Whoever reviewed this place 3 stars or under, don't know a thing about food or dining in Toronto...just go back to mc donalds!笑
I really liked this spot.  Cool little space with great music.  The food was terrific (perfect steak tartare and a really nice smoked tuna salad). A highlight was the beer list and the beer suggestions from their bartender, Jacob, who was very friendly and had some great recommendations for exploring the city. 

 If I lived in the area, I'd be there all time.笑
Dinner plans fell through nearby but we were lucky enough to be accommodated by the wonderful staff at Chantecler. They were happy to take us even though we walked in on an obviously busy Thursday night, with only the apologetic expectation that we could only have an hour and a half for dinner. It was so nice to be warmly welcomed after the disastrous experience earlier in the night, and Chantecler's efforts definitely helped turn things around. 

The frog legs is a great way to begin the meal. Their treatment that can only be described as 'Buffulo winged', and it's an easy way for any timid eaters to branch out and try something new. Fried until crispy while the meat remains moist, then tossed in a tangy sauce with a slight burn. The main was BC Snapper and Mussels, three beautiful fillets of snapper on a bed of late season succotash with a couple mussels and tomatoes. A lighter dish, but filling and well balanced with the different flavors. Lastly, we got fried brussels sprouts...cus who can possibly say no with it's fried with bacon. A lovely meal with lovely service.  Definitely will recommend, but maybe coming with reservations next time!!笑
All the feels. Great service, food and drinks. Great late night menu til 2 and specials on Tuesdays (buck a shuck and buck an ounce of wine). Feels like a community as opposed to trendy bar. A tad expensive for cocktails but it's all good. Highly recommend.笑
What a little gem here.   It doesn't have that many tables.  The tables are made of hardwood floor pieced together.  The stove and the appliances are like those used in the old day kitchen.  The area is small and you can see what the chef is preparing for you.

Unlike a formal restaurant where the cutlery is of a whole set, here you can find a stainless steel bowl for lettuce, a Chinese porcelain bowl for rice, an English pattern plate and whatever you can think of utensils.  The mix is so natural as if you are comfortably sitting in your grandmother's kitchen.   The service is good.

There is only one menu printed on a very clean card.  We start with half a dozen of oysters from Nova Scotia.  The oysters are very fresh.  It is the salty type but with different part of the flesh with different levels of saltiness.  I like to add just lemon juice.  Adding the hot sauce doesn't blend with the oysters.  As this is the second place we visit for the night, the server advises that we can share the main dish -Beef and Pork with Lettuce, Kimchi, pickles, shredded carrot and hot sauce.  The pork just melt with the honey sesame sauce, it is heavenly.  It is a small plate but enough to feed us all.  

Cash and Debit only笑
Very friendly and very good food. I found the prices more than fair for the quality. I'd like another beer offering, but the one they have is good. It's one of the few decent places in the area that isn't painfully loud and is open late.笑
I visited chantecler on a Monday evening. It's a restaurant/cocktail bar. There's not much seating but luckily when I went there weren't too many ppl. There wasn't a lot to choose from on the menu, mostly appetizers and one main course. We had the spicy popcorn shrimp and the fancy wings as appetizers. They both were pretty good. For the main course, we had the only one available, the lettuce meal which was pork and beef. It was a big serving that was well cooked and delicious. The meat paired well with the lettuce and was cooked so tender it felt like it melted in my mouth. The cocktails were also good and strong.笑
I went a couple Sundays ago to try the Lettuce Sundays and was happy with the experience. My friend scored a reservation for our group so we didn't have to contend with squishy bar seating. The room, though small, is cozy and I loved the exposed brick and tile flooring. The beef and pork were very tender and I liked the pickle options that came with the plate although, they could stand to be a touch more generous, there wasn't really enough kimchi for my liking. We also tried the popcorn chicken and the soggy/crispy calamari which were fine. The service was great - our server was knowledgeable and attentive. I'd definitely go back.笑
It was great before the menu/chef change.

It's just as good, if not better, after.

Food aside, one of the best vibes in Toronto. Great service, wine, beer and music.

Really one of the few places in the city that gets everything right.笑
Walked in to a busy room, servers were friendly but zoomed past us while we waited to be seated. Managed to be seated shortly thereafter, but waited almost 10 minutes for a server to take a drink order or drop off some water, or something. That was plenty of time to note that many tables were not bussed (a peeve of mine, usually means servers are too busy or they don't care about table maintenance)... My spidey sense was tingling, a voice was telling me to run. So we got up and left without any service whatsoever. What's that saying? You only get one chance to make a first impression? Yeah, that.笑
Good service, great cocktails...I would just come back for those!
Minimum menu selection, food presentation a bit lacking but overall tasty, simplistic and wholesome.笑
Service on point - food delicious. Cocktails were very well balanced and thought out.   Highly recommend.  We had the frog legs which were super crispy and awesome, the Tartar which was very mustardy but quickly replaced with a new one, the Duck which was nice and moist and the rattatouile which was fine as side笑
We had an amazing evening at Chantecler.  Great food, great beer, wonderful service. 

Will write a full review when I've got more time, but until then, highly recommended. The only thing I'd quibble with is portion size - they're on the small size. But, they make up for that by awesomeness of flavour.笑
"What's in a name? That which we call a chicken wing
By any other name would taste as sweet..." 

Mom always said to to assume makes an Ass of of U and Me and maybe she was on to something because this place confused me and I am an ass for almost letting it interfere with a fantastic dining experience.

You see I pass this place all the time on my way to work or stand near it when attempting to snag a seat at Grand Electric and I always assumed it was a French-style restaurant. Given its name and general minimalist aesthetics nothing made me think this wasn't a little French hipster joint, so imagine my surprise when I see that the menu heavily features Asian inspired lettuce wraps and awesome chicken wings.

I wasn't in the mood for nibbling... I wanted to have a full meal *pouts with arms crossed* but I put my big girl panties on, sucked it up and ordered. I guess it goes without saying but I ordered the chicken wings and they were divine. The bartender here is delightfully sharp with tons of quick wit, so if your going solo he'll make sure to keep you on your toes at the bar.

Oh an d if you are wondering about the name... Wikipedia got you covered:
The Chantecler is a breed of chicken originating in Canada and developed in the early 20th century, at the Abbey of Notre-Dame du Lac in Oka, Quebec. It is extremely cold-resistant, and is suitable for both egg and meat production.

Now you know and knowing is half the battle (GI Joe!)笑
I've been wanting to go to Chantecler for a while and finally did last night for a friend's birthday. The experience was underwhelming to say the least.

The only positive for me was the lettuce meal. The braised beef and pork shoulder were very well cooked although the side of house pickles seems like a poor version of kimchi.

Now to start with the negatives, firstly I'm disappointed by the level of service. We would ask for some water or order a drink and it would take quite a while before it arrived. In the case of water, sometimes it didn't arrive at all.

As for the food, the beef tartare with the shrimp chips were a great idea...unfortunately the wasabi/fish sauce was a little over-powering. We also ordered the popcorn shrimp and we found that it was quite dry. The dish probably could benefit from a dipping sauce.

Lastly we were planning to split the bill when the waiter asked if he should split it for us, so we acquiesced. He split the bill in 8 (there was 9 of us) so that we could pay for the birthday girl. After all 8 bills were paid, we proceeded to leave. He then stopped me to ask "why only 8 people had paid, when there was 9 of us all together. The 9th person hasn't paid". I told him that he had split our bill into 8, so there were only 8 bills to pay. This is extremely frustrating to me since he was the one who had split the bill into 8 separate bills. Did he forget what he was doing for the entire 20mins previous (when we were all paying)?

From the lack of service to the dry popcorn shrimp and the actions of the waiter re: the bill, overall the experience left a bad taste in my mouth.笑
Chantecler, a Canadian breed of chicken is the name of the new little restaurant serving up some phenomenal Canadian (Asian?) fusion dishes.  Honestly, I don't want to classify Chef Jonathan Poon and Jacob Wharton Shuckster's food as anything in particular.  The menu is just so REFRESHINGLY DIFFERENT!!

I was recommended here by another amazing chef, so I came here for the first time in mid-March right when the restaurant first opened.  It was a busy night and was quoted a 2 hour wait, came back last month on another busy night and was quoted 2 hours again! Third time's the charm- 6:30pm on a Thursday evening and still had to wait 10 minutes! 

I absolutely LOVED the cozy old farmhouse decor of brick walls and thick wooden tables and bartop.  The finishing piece is definitely the fully functional old 1930's cast iron and enamel stove behind the bar with 'Chantecler' laid out in black tiles above it. If you sit at the bar, you can fully watch every meal finished off with care at this station!

Our server walked us through the small menu of sharing dishes, and this is what jumped out at us:

Tongue and Cheek: $11 (5/5 stars)
Thinly sliced cow tongue and fatty pig cheeks are served with a variety of brightly coloured fermented vegetables.  I was taken back just by the sight of it because I have had tongues and cheeks many times, but I never knew it could be so visually appealing!! Tenderlicious!!

Potato Gnocchi: $13 (6/5 stars)
Yes, it deserves a 6/5!! With cod roe and chive, this is undoubtedly the BEST POTATO GNOCCHI I've ever had!  The gnocchi literally melted in my mouth, and the sauce is heavenly.  That's when I decided to call it another "fat day" and dunked my beef tongue in the leftover saucey goodness!

Roasted Chicken: $20ish? (5/5 stars)
Slightly disappointed that it was not the whole bird.  Instead it was just a (8oz?) piece served in a deep dish with a oyster-infused butter sauce and a perfectly cooked poached egg on the side. The chicken was so juicy, the egg was delightful, and the sauce was delicious!

Pork Neck: $21 (4/5 stars)
Served with 2 poached Kushii oysters, wilted lettuce, and XO sauce.  From the succulent pork neck, to the creamy oysters, to the refreshing crunch of the lettuce, everything was cooked so well!  Feels just like home when I tasted the kick of the xo!

Sea Buckthorn Parfait: $10 (3/5 stars)
I've never had sea buckthorn berries before so I wanted to give this a try. It's very tart and incredibly floral! I love sour, but not even I can bear eating just the puree by itself.  However,I absolutely enjoyed it with the rosewater and orange blossom gelee, meringue, and almond praline atop it!  It was very different (in a good way), but definitely a bit pricey...

Service: (5/5 stars)
Thorough, detailed, knowledgeable, friendly, helpful, polite... what else can you ask for?

I had high expectations for this place, and this did not disappoint.  I love QUALITY food, especially when you can taste the love and care the chefs put into it!!  As I enjoyed my drink and eats, I saw other dishes being served and wished I got everything!!  Just make sure you come early or plan to grab a few drinks at a nearby bar while you wait for a seat.  Come with a few friends and get EVERYTHING on the menu!!笑
According to the website and voicemail, this place was booked up until December. But when I phoned and left a message in the morning, they phoned back later in the day to save my friend and me a seat! w00ot!

The food was pretty solid (though not spectacular). I guess I always assume that Asian influenced food ought be to as affordable as those in Chinatown but you do pay for lovely, thoughtful decor and friendly enough staff. You're pretty much up in their grill sitting at the bar which invite chatter with the bar staff who kindly explain the meal to you.

I had the oysters (6 for $15) that were served creatively on polished stones, the lettuce beef "main event" where you hand roll your own stuffed lettuce roll with a bunch of Asian-inspired ingredients. I enjoyed the gin and grapefruit tonic - light and refreshing though it could be stronger. The bar is stocked with a nice array of old-timey looking alcohol. A nice place to chat with some indie hip-hop music in the background. Not too crowded in the small space.

I'll give it 4 stars because the staff are nice and arrogant enough to make you feel like you're somewhere cool.笑
This is the second time that I've been here. This is such a pretty venue on Queen street. The food is very good but not always perfect. The snails were incredible again even though I was not sure that the summer version of them could come close to the winter recipe (they did!).  The wine list is very marked up which I find annoying- some are triple the LCBO price. The night I was there, the chef had a very heavy hand with the salt and I tend to like my food on the saltier side. That said, the atmosphere, large selection  of small plates and food combo along with the pleasant service takes this from a 3 to a 4 star.笑
Ah, Chantecler. Smells like marinated beef and seared fish and browning butter and somehow my grandmother's kitchen (do old stoves make a special smell?). 
The chef looks twelve year old from Hong Kong, but the food suggests a very old and healthy French woman who has travelled a lot and read some Jamie Kennedy books. I've eaten there a few times, and I tend not to do an ingredient inventory, but I know that I ate some fish with lots of roasted nuts and clarified butter and it tasted like salty sunshine bouncing off sand, refracting through a tender fish fillet. On Sunday nights they give you a tonne of pickled vegetables, a big sizzling plate of marinated beef and pork belly, and leaves to prepare salad rolls. Don't wear silk, and it will be the happiest meal of your week. Only complaint: the bar servers are really obsessed with their cocktail preparation, which means you watch your cocktail for like 8 minutes before you get to drink it. Torture, but they do fun magic tricks with matches and bourbon.笑
Our group of 4 had a relaxing time here. We were greeted with hospitality and seated at a nice wooden table. The chairs reminded me of plywood and metal elementary school seating. The atmosphere was dimly lit with candles, intimate with rustic industrialness. Cute teeny Kitchen was beyond the bar, and had cool retro finishes and equipment. 

Food 4/5
We ordered the Lettuce Pork and Beef Meal. Lettuce was crisp and fresh, sticky rice was a little dry, but the pork and beef was fork tender and seemed to melt in their own juices. Pickled veggies were the right amount of tart, as was the Japanese mayo. 

Service was cool, calm, and collected, and took the time to explain the dishes, and make sure we were topped up on fluids.  Good place for a small group of friends, to take a date, and soak in the experience. Nothing about this place seemed hurried or scrambled. It made for a relaxing experience.笑
Loved this quaint spot. Must orders are the popcorn shrimp and the lettuce wrap meal. They were able to accommodate some dietary restrictions which is always appreciated. Would definitely recommend and will return!笑
Overpriced and generally not that good. We ordered a variety of dishes and for some reason most of it was covered in a bland cream sauce. Also, the waiter didn't understand what it meant for the wine to be "corked". He thought it meant it literally had a cork.笑
This place is great. It is the brother restaurant of bar fancy and it did not disappoint. The interior is a very hip layout with an open kitchen concept. I love seeing the chef make the dishes, and here, it was like a show, he was very concentrated and mellow about his cooking and you could see your dish being made. It was awesome. It delicious and fresh. And oh by god the popcorn shrimp!!! Literally popcorn on it, seasoned beautifully my mouth is still watering. Martinis were delicious but expensive. Howevwr in each martini there was on average 2.5-3 oz of liquor so whose complaining? You come here for tapas and a drink and you'll be amazed. Also, the night we went the service was a plus! Very on the ball and checkdd in frequently. As well as great conversation. We are fans for sure of this place and are already booking on next date here.笑
I'd been wanting to check this place out for awhile. I can definitely say it's a solid spot for dinner. 

It has a very indie vibe. Comfortable, fun and feels very current. This place has recently reinvented itself into French driven cuisine.

Everything I tried had flavour and didn't feel heavy even though it may have looked like I ordered a lot for a little person. I was completely satisfied. 

I ordered a half stuffed chicken. Tender, juicy and such a nice crispy ski to give it that yummy fat flavour we love, right? I only wish there was more gravy.  The side that came with it was a vinaigrette tossed greens and mushrooms. A perfect pairing. 

I also ordered the ratatouille.made with zucchini, peppers, eggplant and pesto. Also married well with the chicken. I was impressed. It's been awhile since everything I ordered worked so well.

Their signature cocktail is mighty fine. I could drink that puppy for days. It's a gin and grapefruit tonic. I could see why it's their signature. Damn fine mix .

Customer service was on point. Really awesome peeps no matter who came to our table. Friendly and open to any questions you might come up with.

Definitely going back.笑
I am a fan!

Lettuce Meal is a scrumptious, bold and luscious dish; must have.

Only downside is the slightly long wait for food preparation笑
Restaurant: Chantecler
Cuisine: Canadian
Location: Parkdale
Address: 1320 Queen St W
Price Range: $10~

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 4
Service: 4
Ambiance: 2
Overall: 3.5

Extra information:

* Open for dinner only
* Open for lunch on Sunday
* Takes reservation
* Drinks till late

Finally! the restaurant that everyone talks about.. the restaurant that all the food industry people go to late at night for drink.. I was there! I knew Chantecler was famous for their lettuce wraps for the longest time, and with me being Korean I always think lettuce wraps are so over-rated. I mean, I eat that stuff at home all the time.. what could be so special about it? Well, since there were just so many people talking about it non-stop, I decided to check it out, Horray!

It was on Monday when I called few hours before they opened and I was able to get a reservation for 2 without a problem.

We were seated along the bar where I know all the action happens and what not.. plus you get to talk to the bartenders and get the 'full dining experience'.. but it was just damn uncomfortable.

It's not just Chantecler, I just generally find bar seats to be really uncomfortable where I have to squish myself in and cross my legs in different directions. Also it didn't help that this stupid girl sitting next to me on an awkward date kept on elbowing me trying to flip her damn hair.

Stupid me for not asking if we could sit at a regular table.. well it was too late. 

Anyways, now on to more so important stuff, food. At Chantecler, everything they have on the menu is suppose to be sharing style, yes! my favorite style *smirks*

Ordered: Fancy Wings 4/5

Fried garlic and scallion for $10, this is one of their famous dishes. It was a cross between Chinese and Korean chicken wing in terms of flavor. Very heavy on vinegar yet tangy and sweet at same time. Wings were very crispy and delicious, a little hard to eat but who cares.

Ordered: Spicy Popcorn shrimp 4/5

Popcorn and Morita Pepper for $11, another dish people wouldn't shut up about. This popcorn shrimp actually has popcorn in the batter which makes it special. Since it is quite heavily seasoned, I thought this would be perfect with some ice cold beer. 

Ordered: Lettuce Meal 4/5

Braised beef, slow smoked pork shoulder, lettuce, steamed rice, house pickles and sauces for $21. Ta-Dah! finally the famous lettuce wrap! It was exactly what I expected except the sticky rice instead of regular white rice. I liked both the beef cheek and pork shoulder which was quite flavorful. However, it was also heavily seasoned so I didn't really need to use the spicy paste.

Ordered: Sundae

* Banana split cereal sundae for $10, my friend with the sweet tooth we couldn't say no to dessert and I was def glad we said yes! Topped off with cereal and caramelized banana on the side, this was so good! They did say it was a dessert for that night so I am not sure if this is a regular thing you can order.

Summary: Overall, I did enjoy the food at Chantecler- although I do wish I got to try more dishes other than those three. I heard their special menu that changes constantly are really good so I might have to go back for that. I did find all of their dishes to be overall bit too salty where I was constantly needing water. Other than that and my hatred for bar seats, I did enjoy overall experience at Chantecler.笑
Chantecler is my favourite Parkdale restaurant. I love it right from when I phone for a reservation and they know from my phone number that I've eaten there before and  welcome me back. 

If there are only two of us my favourite seat is at the bar, especially towards the back. It's fun to watch the final food prep - all on a tiny old stove - and to watch the oyster shucking and the bartender mixing some serious cocktails. All delicious, I might add. Try the Corpse Reviver 2. Thank me later.

Never eaten anything I didn't like there - the oyster shots are gorgeous, the lettuce meal is crazy good, the steak tartare is just YUM, and a friend who has traveled all over the world and is an very enthusiastic diner pronounced the calamari the best he has ever eaten.

But most wonderful of all was the tasting menu, full of dishes I wish I could order off the menu. I keep hearing that the congee is amazing, and in spite of my dislike of congee  I am ready to try the Chantecler version if it  makes it onto the regular menu before I can get a reservation for the tasting menu.笑
Cute ambiance, friendly service, nice bar area. Wine isn't that great here but the cocktails are good. Food is pretty good too though I was assured that the previous menu was better. Plates are an ideal size for sharing. It's worth a visit for sure.笑
Chantecler has been on my places-to-try list for a long time. And after eating here last night, I wish I'd come sooner. Ticked off my list, starred for repeat visits. 

DRINKS::
We had the Corpse Reviver #2 ($11). This is my favourite drink, so I always try to get it wherever I go and compare it with others. I have to say, this may be my favourite version of it! And it's because of the fresh orange juice that is used. I'm into the orange flavour. Boozy and delicious, I could've easily had 5 more of these...then died and gone to heaven. 

FOOD::
Because of my sad fish allergy, I couldn't try a few items on the menu. But no matter, the choices we picked were fantastic. Smoked duck breast ($14) - slices came with a good amount of fat and smokiness. 
New potato ($13) - break the quail egg yolk over the pork jowl wrapped potato and add a sliver of apple sweetness = sensory overload.
Bavette Steak ($22) - smoked marrow + kale and delightfully soft yet chewy beef. another win. 
Wild Boar ($24) - I really appreciate when restaurants are able to skillfully combine sweet with savoury and in this case...coffee. This sauce paired with the juicy boar and crispy bits of fat = favourite dish of the night (by only a little)

STAFF::
Just what you'd hope a staff would be: friendly, knowledgable and approachable.

EVERYTHING ELSE::
People have already commented about the decor here. It's cute and cozy. And yes, a man was seriously churning out the delishness on some vintage stovetop/oven business. Makes me feel like I can cook up such amazing dishes in the comfort of my home. Haha. I wish! 

Plates are set up to share. We got 4 and were happily full from that. For people who question the portion size, it's very standard for the quality they're putting out. 
Menu may be considered small but when you the beauties that come out on your plate and the small kitchen, it makes sense. 

I can't wait to see what else they rotate into the menu. I'll definitely be back for more.笑
We hosted a small wedding dinner at Chantecler and we are so happy we did!

25 of our closest family and friends enjoyed a HUGE family style dinner. We had special duck wraps, roasted pork shoulder, crispy tofu, calamari (my favourite!) spicy popcorn chicken (zomg) and soooo much more. Everyone was full and happy by the end of the meal. Lots of fun cocktails too. 

The service was perfect, the food amazing, and the atmosphere was intimate and lovely :) 

Thank you Chantecler for making our wedding dinner perfect. 

Ariel and Lawrence Ng笑
We have been here twice, and have had great experiences every time. I would reccomend to go once every 3-4 months as I think that is as often as the menu changes. Drinks are great here, I am not a cocktail guy but enjoyed an el diablo after dinner, it is a must try. The second time we got to go for their tasting menu which is a good idea to book well in advance as these don't come around too often. You never know what you are going to get or how many courses either. But it is a lot of fun to go with friends or on a date night. 

Small intimate place, with great service. Hope to get back there again by the end of this year.笑
This spot was recommended for having amazing FOOD.. and every bite was indeed delicious. The cons: They no longer have the carrots side listed on their online menus. I was really looking forward to these, believe it or not. They did not have the bottle of wine we wanted, listed on the menu. also, the bar doesn't have Baileys, Kahlua, Frangelico... or anything I wanted in a boozy coffee for dessert. Lastly, the open front wall of windows caused us to be a little sweaty. The place is very small, so you're sorta eating on top of one another. BUT! Really really good food. We had the kale salad and chicken with green beans, all very delicious. Also, the waiters are very cute.笑
Just ate dinner at this wonderful place. The food, atmosphere and service are great. Watching a cook put that much care into the food is glorious. The items ate by our table were all near perfection. I highly recommend this place but make sure you arrive early as seats fill up quick.笑
Went to chantecler for dinner this weekend (middle of Jan 2013) and noticed that the menu had changed quite a bit. When I went last year (a few months after they had opened) they had a small but extremely delicious and inventive items like gnocci with nori flakes, chicken consomme, pork belly with kushii oysters and of course the delicious gnudi. 
I went tonight expecting to taste some of those favourite and got a 100% changed menu. the only thing on their menu was some nibblies like popcorn chicken, beef tar tar among other things and THE ONLY substantial item on the menu was the lettuce meals (basically a westernized version of korean bbq ssam)
I got the lettuce meal, oysters (the oysters come with kimchi juice and they don't really have any other condiments to accompany oysters except for lemon), beef tartar and the popcorn chicken. 
The food was okay but I still prefer the delicious, subtly flavoured and inventive items from their previous menu. I kind of felt like, if I wanted a ssam meal, i would have gone to an authentic korean restaurant where kimchi among 10 other side dishes are unlimited as well as the condiments (they provide a tiny bit of pickled veggies but they are really small and they charge extra for condiments like siricha + mayo sauce and the korean ssam sauce)

The popcorn chicken packed alot of heat which was disappointing since my dinner date is not into spicy foods at all- we were not told that the popcorn chicken would be spicy- we assumed it wouldnt be because well... it's popcorn chicken. beef tartar was promising (comes with sheets of roasted nori- seaweed) but wasabi was overused and I felt like I was eating a tako wasabi but instead of octopus, raw beef. Lastly, the dessert- THE SUNDAE- which was 10 dollars was quite disappointing. $10 for a scoop of ice cream doused in cherry sauce, chocolate sauce and sprinkled with fruit loops. REALLY? Actually, I didn't think the meal was all that bad until I just remembered this horrible excuse for a dessert. With the old menu, they had such an amazing array of toffee and some really amazing sour lime thing (I remember ordering two of that). 

The place was busy so the queen west crowd must enjoy this take on "modern" korean. I for one didn't feel that the meal was all that special seeing as how the items (and the flavours) were neither outstanding nor inventive. 

I also didn't like that despite having a reservation, we were seated at the bar. I understand that it's a small place and space is limited but this should be been clarified during the booking process. 

I would totally go back if they brought back their old stylings and offered more than the ssam menu- and the dessert is unforgivable- looked like a sundae put together by a 10 year old in her fisher price kitchen and didn't  even taste good, i wanted my 10 dollars back and I'm usually pretty easy going.  

I'm giving a rating of 3 even though my latest experience was really a 1 since my previous experienced at chantecler are at 4.笑
Had a great little dinner at this cute spot in Parkdale.

Ambiance/Decor: 
Really chill spot and looks like it's more suited towards a date spot or dinner with some friends, rather than a big group outing. We went there for a relatively early 6.30pm dinner on a Friday, so it wasn't too busy while we were there, and was just picking up as we left. They were playing the new Tame Impala record (at a reasonable volume, not unlike some other Parkdale restos I know!) so that was definitely a major bonus. Really nice decor all around and cool open kitchen concept. I loved the Chantecler sign and floor tiles too! 

Service: 
All around no complaints. The server was attentive, helpful and not pushy. 

Food:
The menu is small and focused on "shareables" so IMO best to come here with at least 1 other person, but not more than a group of 3 as some of the plates can be smallish (and because I'm selfish that way, haha). It's a fairly eclectic menu - popcorn shrimp definitely being the standout dish! It was a really good and tasty snack - the seasoning was on point. The beef tartare was very good - perhaps a tad too much wasabi as pointed out by other yelpers - but very tasty combo with the shrimp chips. The kale salad was just ok - a little uninspiring compared to some of the other offerings here, but maybe that's a good thing in the end. The hit was definitely the fish wraps. The haddock was perfectly battered and fried and the tartar sauce was oh so good. My gf had to order seconds. 

I would definitely go back but would try everything we missed next time around - so pork wraps, spicy wings, calamari and perhaps the lettuce meal - which sounds very tasty.

Cost: 
I don't always put this down on yelp, but our total was pretty easy to remember for this night ;) It was $100 on the nose with tip included. We had 3 fish wraps, beef tartare, kale salad, popcorn shrimp, 2 glasses of wine and a pint of the draft beer. Not too bad...

Overall, it's a great little spot if you are looking for a cozy, "sexy" vibe. Definitely a great date spot for the fellas if you are trying to impress your lady - but also a good spot to catch up with some close friends.笑
Open late and friendly service. We were able to get food until a quarter to two in the morning! You saved us from starving!笑
We went with another couple to Chantecler this past Friday night.  Wow, what an underrated restaurant.  After being at Daisho a month ago (way overrated if you ask me) and the group of us not being able to figure out whether any of the dishes were 'that' great, at Chantecler on Friday we couldn't decide which dish was our favourite!   The popcorn shrimp was awesome - literally this sweet & spicy popcorn was covering the shrimp.  It was delicious!  We basically tried the entire menu, and the only thing that fell short were the scallops.  They were ridiculously thin and small, so that was disappointing.  But everything else was killer.  Especially the lettuce meal - this wonderful braised beef and beef cheek, and then an assortment of items to put on top, was just outstanding.
We will definitely be back!笑
I love this restaurant. 

The food is wonderful and inventive and fairly priced. The servers are nice to you, and have zero attitude. They accommodate reservations, even for larger groups if they can. And they let us sit there after finishing our meal and hang out for a bit even though half of our party was not drinking.  

Wonderful. The lettuce meal was incredible too.笑
Finally. A quality cocktail spot with friendly service, cheap eats, and superb lighting. It reminds me of Cocktail Bar on Dundas W but its less pretentious, less expensive, and has a better menu. For anyone who's been to New York, Chantecler is like any of the spots you would find on the lower east side, williamsburg, or the like. Finally! 

Its a small space but has an open wall facing the street. We ordered cocktails that were not on the menu and they were absolutely fantastic and prepared with care. We didn't eat anything but the food menu looked unique and the prices were delightful. Our server was attentive and chatty (in a good way) and left us with complementary shots (complete with bitters!) at the end of the evening. The bathrooms are immaculate.

Bottom line: Toronto needs more places like this.笑
I feel really bad giving low stars because I am a nice person, but with so many restaurants in Toronto I was quite disappointed with most of the food we tried. Before the bad, here are the two really good things I had. 

Good
1) Diablo Con Fuego
2) Lettuce Meal

The drink was bright, flavourful, with a bit of sweet and heat. Don't put your lips where the pepper was, it will burn, a lot. I did it 3 times :s Lettuce meal, sooooo good! The braised beef was cooked to perfection and full of flavour, unfortunately it was the only dish I enjoyed.

Okay, now the bad :(
Fancy wings, fish wrap, spicy popcorn shrimp, calamari, spicy beef tartare, oysters

The wings and calamari appeared to have the same sauce...so they kind of tasted the same. The wings were too garlicy, and I love garlic. The fish wrap was plain and with no special flavours. The tartar sauce tasted like regular mayo and the cilantro didn't do anything to bring it together. Perhaps a bit of heat and extra salt would have helped. Spicy popcorn shrimp was a cool concept (literally popcorn battered shrimp), but so so. It needed a dipping sauce to bring the pepper and the dryness of the popcorn and shrimp together. Beef tartare was nice, but too saucy. When eating tartare, I love to feel the texture of the beef in my mouth. I liked the shrimp chip (I think it was a shrimp chip) that came with the tartare because when you topped it, it started to crackle, which was pretty cool. Oysters...I've had better.

To ensure I wasn't having a bad day with flavours, I asked my supper club I was with (5 of them) and they all agreed with my opinion about the meal. Unfortunately, it just didn't do it for us, and we eat out a lot.

I hate leaving off on a bad note, so one other good thing I have to mention was the ambiance. The restaurant is small and intimate with great mood lighting and would be a great place to hang with friends for some drinks.

Sorry Chantecler :(笑
Delicious, delicious, delicious! You'd think you'd get tired of Asian fusion but this place makes it seem brand new and exciting! 

Went for a birthday dinner with a friend and we decided to get half of the rotating menu. Good sharing portions and intimate atmosphere. We sat at the bar, facing the prep cooks - dinner with a show! Excellent wine and beer selection :) Staff was friendly, accommodating, and attentive! 

Personal favourites: steak tartare, popcorn shrimp (actual popped corn!), fancy wings. 

Space is small so I'd recommend making reservations before going. There's also a tasting menu that you can get but that requires you to call ahead and let the staff know so they can prepare.笑
Was looking to have dinner at Grand Electric, but there was a 1 hour wait, so we went here instead.  Was not disappoint!

Great food, tapas style sizes.  Their "Lettuce Meal" was an amazing fusion of hipster Western meats Asian Lettuce wraps with spicy mayo and kimchi.

Beef tartare and Fancy Wings were also very good.笑
As I really enjoy Bar Fancy's award winning fried chicken, I've been meaning to try this amazing little gem that is Restaurant Chantecler as it is Chef Poon's first restaurant. 

I thoroughly enjoyed the east meets west tapas style and the creativity of the plates. We tried the whole menu minus the Kale, and I don't think anything stood out accept the lettuce meal. Priced at $21, it's easily doubled any other plates on the menu, but it's more like 3 times as much food. The beef that came with it is seasoned perfectly, so tender and fall off the bone goodness. It comes with a few different pickles and it's also fun to make your own little lettuce wrap and experiment different portions and combinations. The wings are also a stand out but i thought it was a tad pricey.
 
Pro tip - they let me reserve a table of 11 people! Love them for this.笑
My boyfriend and I tried Chantecler for the first time this Tuesday. We stopped in on a whim around 9pm and were seated within minutes even though it was pretty packed. 

First of all, I love the decor and I think this small space is really warm and charming. I love the tiles on the walls and floor and the bar is absolutely beautiful. 

We ordered two house lagers, which were pretty good, and asked the waiter for food recommendations. He advised us to get the calamari and popcorn shrimp. We also ordered some fish wraps. The calamari came first and it was our favorite. Seasoning and texture were pleasant and we quickly finished the plate. The popcorn shrimp came next and while we appreciated how large the shrimp were and the creativity of it being covered in actual popcorn, the shrimp itself was tasteless and the seasoning had no subtlety to it. While the concept of the fish wraps is great, they were also a little bland with too little garniture and the sauce tasted just like straight-up mayo. Bottom line: this place is great for a date, grabbing a few drinks, and snacking. Don't come here famished. 

Overall, the staff was super nice and we have a lovely experience at Chantecler and think it's a great little neighborhood spot.笑
I would give this place 2.5 - 3 stars.
I liked the atmosphere and drinks but their food wasn't that great for my taste.
Steak tartare had too much garlic for my taste so it was a bit difficult to eat. Popcorn shrimps were pretty good. The most disappointing things were the wings and banana dessert. The wings were too sour and the dessert was one big bowl of bad ice cream whipped cream and fruit loops. It was just bad and wasn't worth what i was paying for. I would come back here just for drinks but not for food.笑
Chantecler is absolutely amazing! Had the fish wrap, popcorn shrimp and the lettuce meal, all of which were incredible. Went there on a Saturday night which would have meant waiting in line but because we had made an (online) reservation prior to arriving, we were seated right away. Servers were very nice as well. Definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a cute, cozy place to have some delicious food, this place is for you!笑
Order the Lettuce Meal! This 15-hour braised lamb and pork shoulder is sure to amaze your tastebuds.笑
Chantecler, Bravo! You really outdid yourselves tonight. We love coming here for meals as everything is so delicious. Usually it's only us adults but tonight we had our 7 year old nephew with us. You were spectacular with him-adjusted the popcorn shrimp (his favourite dish of the night) and fish wrap spice levels, made him a cocktail so that he could join us with our cocktails, and were super easy. Thank you!笑
Too hipster?

The food was good, but did not hit it out of the ballpark.

They feel understaffed and at times you will have to wait a decent amount of time for service or your food, which is fine if you have hours for dinner but not great if you were just looking for a nice meal at a nice place. Uncomfortable bar stool seating, really really loud conversations all around and slow service made the dinner feel a lot longer than it was.笑
My favourite restaurant in Toronto. Great food and amazing service. They deserve all their success.笑
Excellent hidden gem in Parkdale. Loved everything from ambiance, decor, service to their delicious share plates. The kitchen area is totally adorable. Looks like one from a 1950s movie. 
We had the popcorn shrimp, fish wraps (hands down my favourite!), kale salad and beef tartar. My only concern is that many of their dishes are deep fried. Some grilled, more healthy choice would be nice. 

Lastly, a fantastic wine and beer selection and a cool bar area. 
We're definitely going back there for a drink (or two!) :-)笑
Excellent food and drinks. Kinda small and kinda loud but really really tasty. Highly recommend the chicken.笑
I love foods, I 'd traveled many country,looking the best foods in town but this one ,the name is not attached,very  disappointed.笑
An intimate and refreshingly trendy restaurant in Parkdale, I avoid using term hipster too loosely but it's actually a great description for this place. Their modern decor, laid back vibes and delectably prepared small plates has added another glowing example of Toronto's stunning food scene for me.

First off, we visited on a Thursday but wanted to share that they do $1 oysters and $1oz wine every Tuesday (amazing)... will 100% be back for that.

From a first look at the menu, it wouldn't strike me as a French resto as there are the familiar starters like oysters, kale salad and steak tartar. It's character develops a little more as you move down the menu on to the frog legs and snails. After that, mainly crowd pleasing dishes sprinkled with some French & Asian flair. Simple but kept me interested.

We decided on their appetizer special for the day which was a salmon pate (missed the actual name of this dish) BUT although nameless for me, it was really good and was bursting with creamy flavour of smoked salmon. For our main we ordered the half duck with crepes which the ensemble oddly reminded me of Chinese Peking duck. Nonetheless, the duck was really juicy and skin on the leg was perfectly crispy and well seasoned. 

Our service that night was also excellent and from the quality of food we had, I am looking forward to trying other more French inspired items on the menu next time.. All in all, really great spot for a cozy date night or a fun dinner with friends!笑
Chantecler is a busy little place. It's nicely decorated, and well laid-out, with the kitchen at the end of the bar so you can watch your dinner being prepared. 

The cocktails were spectacular, we had a montenegroni which was delicious and an old fashioned, which was finished with lavender smoke. It tasted fantastic and looked really cool. The staff were very attentive and friendly.

The food was alright. We had the mackerel appetizer, cured mackerel belly and loin, with rye toasts and a lemon remoulade. It was pleasant. We also tried the shiitake ragu over polenta. It was just a bit weird. I can be a bit funny about textures and found it to be too much soft with more soft. I think serving it on a plate was a funny choice as well. 

For dinner I had the branzino with a medley of mushrooms in a butter sauce. The fish was nicely cooked and the mushrooms were lovely. Having never had a king oyster mushroom I was pumped! It was very very rich but overall not spectacular. The fish seemed to play second fiddle to the mushrooms which was too bad. My associate had the beef cheeks, which were nice, with a beet and bone marrow sauce, but he wasn't blown away either.

I'm glad that we tried it but I don't think we need to go there again.笑
Hungry after 11pm? Chantecler has a wonderful little late-night menu.

You'd be remiss not to quell your late-night cravings with their DUCK WINGS made with honey garlic, almond crumble and sour cream. An unusual combination perhaps, but good God! They are insanely good.

Add to that a cool, cozy vibe...and an excellent drink menu...and friend, you have yourself a winner.笑
Sat at the bar and let the barman sling cocktails at us through an amazing dinner. The cocktails were carefully mixed and tested. The barman had his own homemade Tobacco bitters that really elevate a drink. The food was out of control. The kitchen is super tiny and they're making the very most of it.

Fancy Wings were perfect and loaded with crispy garlic. If only all wing places turned it up this much.

Spicy Popcorn Shirmp was totally unexpected. It's popcorn breaded shirmp, spicy and sweet. Great.

Spicy Beef Tartare with the puffy shrimp chips makes more sense as a garnish than I've ever had with tartare. More like crunchy cloud chips. So good.

Lettuce Meal is a steal at $21. Perfect for sharing.

GO EAT HERE.笑
Went here for my birthday dinner this year. If I had to sum up this restaurant in one word it would be bizarre. I like to think I'm an adventurous eater but I found the flavour combinations and textures of the food I was served at Chantecler to be quite odd. My least favorite dish was the popcorn shrimp. I know it's a popular dish here, but it just didn't do it for me. I'm glad I tried it, it was an interesting experience but I don't feel the need to go back.笑
Had the snails ~ frog legs and half of duck. Everything was great but we especially loved the duck! We highly recommended chantecler!笑
Oysters, veg noodle salad, spicy shrimp, and fish wrap were so bloody good. Service was great and I loved the decor. Can't wait to come back and it won't be because Grand Electric has too long of a wait either.

Updated review as of Jan. 2016
-This is the place that keeps on giving. Came here last May for a surprise birthday dinner and they hooked up the group so well. We never thought about ordering food - it just kept coming out and was as delicious as ever.
Came in for drinks and a snack last week and BAM, they delivered again. I can't remember what drink I had, but dear Lord was it was like happiness in a glass. Except it was served in an adorable teacup! A hot, boozy drink straight out of a teacup. Brilliant and done sans pretension. Hard to believe it since you're in the heart of Parkdale. Well done, Chantecler!笑
Great 'hipster' restaurant. One of the must go places in the city. 

Calamari was my favourite, along with the popcorn shrimp and beef tartar. 

It's super dark but welcome to any hip restos in Toronto...Do they not care about our instagram pictures?! (sarcasm FYI)

Also I'd recommend trying to get a bar table at the back as it overlooks the food prep which is really fun to watch.

Enjoy!笑
Cheese puffs were the best part of our meal. The starters we ordered were given to us slowly one at a time, and then when it took 20+ minutes after our last starter for the main, I was told by the waiter that they recommend we get starters to avoid a long wait - I had three! We had the half duck and chive pancakes, the breast was cold and leg was hot when we got it. The "mashed" potatoes, which was presented by the waiter as a puree had more of a soup consistency. The flavours were average, not worth the two hours it took to finish three starters and main. We probably wont be coming back.笑
I would give this place a 3.5

Atmosphere 3./5. 
It's a cool vibe. They have this cool looking cute old school little oven in their kitchen bar area. They have wooden tables with candles, and wooden chairs. I think the place is a good spot to grab a drink or a meal. 

3.5/5
Their menu is fairy simple, they have a lot of tapas items on the menu. The cocktail list is extensive. The food was a fusion of Asian and American. We ordered the popcorn shrimp and beef tartar to start. I enjoyed the beef tatare. It came with a raw egg, which added a creaminess to the beef. They had a neat twist and served it with Chinese shrimp crackers. The was pretty spicy from the wasabi, which was a tad strong if you eat the tartare on its own. It definitely needed the shrimp cracker. Tried the shrimp popcorn. Wasn't really a fan. I didn't enjoy the popcorn batter, I thought it over powered the taste of the shrimp. Although, the shrimp was cooked perfectly. 

We also ordered the lettuce meal to share. This reminds me a bit of the Korean bossam meals. Definitely enough for 2 people. This was my favourite dish of the night. The pork was melt in your mouth soft. The beef was the star of the night. It was tender and flavourful. The au jus sauce was yummy and had a great depth of flavour. The meat was accompanied by lettuce, sticky rice, kimichi, pickled veg, and saracha sauce, and mayo. If you do go here the lettuce meal is a definite must try. 

5/5
Service was excellent. Our server was attentive and friendly. He gave recommendations, filled water constantly. Came to check in on us from time to time to see if we needed anything. We didn't feel rushed.笑
Tapas type food is excellent, portions minuscule so if you have a regular appetite go for pre dinner snack and get the main meal elsewhere, too chichi ...won't be going back笑
They have a tasty and creative menu.  We had the lettuce wraps of course, beef tartare, popcorn chicken, special wrap, calamari.  Everything was wonderful!  The cocktails are impressive as well.  I had the el diablo and my husband had the corpse reviver 2. And they take reservations!笑
They get it. Fabulous small plates to share, remarkable flavor combinations. Great wine. Fabulous espresso. Yes, it's expensive. Delish!笑
If you can appreciate a place that has lettuce wraps as a central dish, and then basically cooks/fries up funky small plates of things that could pass for high-end bar snacks, this is your spot.

They do amazing wings, calamari, tartare, and other such delights. Although they place a premium on their cocktails, they are worth the price. They don't sell you a load of shit about how great their cocktails are, which is nice. They just have amazing cocktails and will definitely have something you will enjoy.

For maximum enjoyment, come here on a Sunday night or less busy night. Even though the space is small, it seems welcoming and warm. Service is usually excellent.笑
Fantastic. The food was excellent, the staff super welcoming and genuine, the costs were completely reasonable, and the whole experience really positive. Not only will I go back, but I hope to do so often.笑
I am a sucker for hipster restaurants with innovative food, and Restaurant Chantecler more than met my expectation. It is a small place with a simple food menu, but everything I tried was delicious. The bartender was so friendly, eager to share, and knowledgeable. I enjoyed a couple of bourbon cocktails that he recommended, and two of the most popular dishes. I hate to admit this, but i had the fried calamari and the popcorn shrimp (fatty!). The calamari was tasty, but I think I would choose other options next time. It reminded me somewhat of orange chicken at a Chinese restaurant. But the popcorn shrimp - omg. Innovative, fun, delicious -- all words that describe this dish. I have no idea how they get popcorn to stick to the shrimp, but it's so good. I love the spice on top of the shrimp as well. 

As a visitor to town, this was the perfect friendly, intimate bar experience for me, and I would love to return to sample more of the menu.笑
Good atmosphere. Good cocktails. Friendly service. But the food was very average. Don't think we'd return here in a hurry.笑
Overall, cute little restaurant with good service but I wouldn't rate this as Canada's Top 100 restaurants- not even in the top 300. Overall, the food was just not seasoned perfectly - it was almost always over-seasoned making it too salty and too saucy. For a top rated restaurant, I would expect every dish to be perfect. 

Calamari - crispiness was good but too much fish sauce and way too much lime made it more sour than desirable. 

Beef Tartare - The beef alone is very soft and delicious so I didn't understand why the wasabi and soy sauce was used in excess as though it needed to mask the taste of the rare beef. 

Fish wrap - This was good and not "too saucy" but the item itself seems pretty ordinary...I would have expected something more unique from the menu

Pork Special Wrap - good, and good to those who don't normally eat Asian cuisine but it felt ordinary to me who normally eats this dish (or a similar variation of it) at home

Lettuce Meal - a good stomach filler since the other dishes are small. The beef was too saucy IMO. While I like a lot of sauce normally on my food, I don't like it when it means my food is too salty. It would have been better if the sauce in the pan was milder as the beef itself was very well done and tender. I didn't like the side of kim chi - too sour - and I am normally a kim chi lover. 

Expect the food to take long to come out as they have a small kitchen. We waited probably 45-55mins before our first dish came out. 

What I will say is their servers are nice. I ran extremely late for my reso but they found a way to accomodate me. 

So, I would say this is a nice little spot for casual dining with a small group of friends or one other friend but don't come with the expectation that the food will be incredible (because it's a top rated restaurant) or you'll be disappointed.笑
The plates are asian tapas meant for sharing. Had the pork wrap, calamari, and the wings - our favourite was the calamari which was perfectly cooked with a spicy peanut sauce. For cocktails, I had the corpse reviver which was delicious. It's a small place and definitely good for a date or a group of four. There was one table that sat 6. Highly recommend making a reservation. CASH/DEBIT only. Will definitely be back here to try the fish wrap, popcorn shrimp and more cocktails.笑
My favourite restaurant in Toronto. The tartare is amazing. The popcorn shrimp is mind-blowing. The service is nice and personal. The atmosphere is charming. 

Keep up the great work guys!笑
I came here for a Sunday lunch with a few people.  Maybe other people come during dinner and maybe people are judging it as a tapas type place, but I'm evaluating it based on it being a lunch/full meal place.

Service: 1/5 While the waitress was friendly, she seemed quite forgetful.  In our group of 8 or so, we ordered various dishes such as congee, shrimp burger, turnip cake, fish wraps, etc.  It took probably close to an hour for all the food to come out and they even forgot one person's dish.  I realize they have a small kitchen, but you should still be able to serve all your customers within 20 minutes of ordering.  It shouldn't take an hour for all the food to arrive.  

It was also very awkward when you have your food in front of you and the other half doesn't, yet you are starving since you've been waiting for over 30 minutes yourself.   

In addition, one guy's dish didn't even show up and when he inquired with the waitress, she said it was too loud and couldn't hear him.  When you work as a server, you should be able to hear everyone.  And after we finished our meal, the guy asked about his dish and after he said  "no thanks, I'm in a rush", she then proceeded to give him a spoon and told the cooks to put a rush on it (which for them would be 15-20 minutes, too long to wait).  Not sure what was up with the server here.  While she was nice,  she was definitely not on the ball.  


Atmosphere: 5/5 - love the coziness of this place.

Food: 2.5/5 I had a fish wrap and turnip cake with XO sauce.  I think I paid around $10 total for them.  They were more dim sum sized than full plates.  I think the turnip cake was $6.50 or so.  While it tasted slightly different than the authentic stuff, it wasn't really better.  It wasn't worse either.  It was also a very small portion.  Fish wrap was okay, think it was $4.50. I think I finished it in two bites.  It was a fried fish fillet in lettuce.  While light, I would have preferred something with some carbs in it.   Or possibly charge a higher price and give bigger portions.  Value is lacking during their Sunday lunch.  

Verdict: Probably won't visit for Sunday lunch again, but maybe try some other dishes.  I didn't find the food that enjoyable and it just felt like myself cooking at home and experimenting and I don't really like my own food.  I was also very hungry afterwards, so two hours later, I ate an entire pizza in Yorkville.笑
This little Parkdale gem is fantastic. Went there with 2 friends, one of them being a regular there (I'm talking twice a week type thing) and the service was flawless from the moment we walked in through to paying the bill. 
But it's the food that takes the cake here: we ordered several dishes to share and every one of them was fantastic! The spicy popcorn shrimp was a concoction of shrimp with actual popcorn breading and delivered little glorious explosions of flavour to your taste buds. 
Next, the beef tartare was such an epicurean orgasm that I think it ruined any other tartare in the city for me - I've never tasted anything like that. Spicy, fresh and tender to no end, it was delightful. 
The torched scallops melted on your tongue and delivered just the right amount of zing from the ginger and scallion. 
The pièce de résistance, however, was the lettuce meal. Meat so soft you could take it apart with a dull spoon and the house pickles and sauces were to die for. 
Can't wait to go back!笑
New chef and menu since March 2016. Classic French food in a modern, casual atmosphere. We started with really, really fine cocktails, delicious beef tartare, excellent chicken liver pate, wonderfully rich escargots and mushrooms in a creamy sauce. Very well priced -- all entrees are served as a "platter for 2" which costs less than a single entree in comparable restaurants. Scalloped potatoes and green beans in hollandaise as sides were worth the indulgence. Good friendly service. We asked for fresh wine glasses for our second bottle of wine which they happily accommodated, and they changed the glasses again for a third bottle  (we were 4 people!!) without being asked. We ended with French onion soup (served in mercifully small portions as it is quite flavourful and rich) instead of dessert - so good!笑
Delicious food. The lettuce wrap meal is to die for. Beautifully cooked meats and the kimchi is great too. Lots of fun snacks but the drinks are incredibly pricy. Service was horrendous too. Took us 3 or 4 tries to order and our waitress forgot at least 1 drink every time.笑
Overall, the food wasn't bad but the portions are ridiculously small. We had a fairly large group and got a fixed menu ($55/ person). A few of the items on the menus were not served so we had to order extra. Each table got a plate or two per dish of some food that's meant to be shared. Again, the food wasn't bad but definitely not enough for everyone. For example, our table had 6 people and there were only 4-5 pieces of wings. A lot of people in our group didn't even get a chance to 'sample'. Cocktails were $20 each. Not sure if I'd come back.笑
(3.5) Chantecler is a classic French restaurant and I love that they keep the menu simple, with your choice of some good starters and main meats to share. The service is impeccable and they seem to treat every customer with lots of care. I had high expectations for this place as I had heard great things, but sadly I wasn't wowed. We ordered the mushroom puffs, chicken pate, duck for two and French fries. The two standouts were the duck and mushrooms. The puff pastry was excellent and mixed with the sauce was a great combination. The duck breast was also very well done, but the duck confit leg was a little disappointing. It felt dry to me, but had a nice skin. Other things we ordered were pretty forgettable. I'd come back still to try the chicken as that seems pretty popular here as well.笑
Great food, well seasoned and super flavourful. Highlights were the half duck, French onion soup (so so good) and the Brussels sprouts. Cocktails were really tasty too, "lady problems" being my fave. Also, great service! Can't wait to come back.笑
Ended up here on a mid-week dinner date after a failed attempt at getting a table at Grand Electric (hyuk hyuk). However, this turned out to be one of the nicest Plan B's a girl could ask for.

There are only a half dozen tables here and some seating at the bar. I can see it getting packed, but it was still early so we were fine sans-reservation. We sat at the bar which was A-OK.

My date had already been here several times so I trusted him with the menu ordering. Considering there are only 6-7 menu items, it seemed fairly easy to navigate. Items are meant for sharing and we split three.

(Excuse my unusual lack of food photos, I was being polite in front of my date by keeping the phone tucked away)

Spicy Popcorn Shrimp - was actually large shrimp battered in real bbq spiced popcorn. Sounds bizarre but was quite fun.

Beef Tartare - made with peanuts and wasabi. Served with "shrimp chips" aka prawn crackers and very delicious.

Lettuce Meal - Wow. People need to try this. Braised beef served with large bib lettuce leaves, sticky rice and a plate of kimchi and other goodies. Self-assembly required. Really tasty and fun (reminded me of chicken larb/laap dishes sampled in Laos and Thailand)

They had a nice cocktail and wine list too. I had some kind of a gin & tonic concoction. 

Friendly bartender and staff.

Overall, I'm a fan of simplicity and this place hits the mark perfectly. I have zero regrets over uneaten tacos from Grand Electric.笑
Went to Chantecler for a NYE dinner and it was a great way to end 2016. We made a reservation online and received a call a day before to confirm. As everyone has mentioned, service is amazing and relaxed, but we saw the servers were swamped. 

The space is nice and cozy, I like how there is a tiny kitchen in the corner where you can watch the food being prepared. The head chef(?) was in charge of all the chits, manning the fryers, oven, stove, and plating everything--boy was he busy. But while we enjoyed watching him put all the plates together, there were two things that he did that were unsettling:
1) While spooning the caviar and using his fingers to place it on the blini, he licked his finger.
2) He scored raw duck on a cutting board, then used the same cutting board for our cooked steak.  

Anyways, about the food: was so excited to try the popcorn shrimp that I have been seeing in the reviews but it wasn't on the menu :( We were told there has been a new head chef for 8 months now. We ordered the frog legs, which were nicely battered and fried served with sour cream and spicy sauce. It was delicious and wonderfully crispy! There was a NYE special of a caviar blini, which my boyfriend really enjoyed. We wanted to try more appetizers but had to make room for the mains!
For the mains, they do family style here, so they're called "Platters for Two"...but the two of us ordered two anyways and we could comfortably finish everything. We had the snapper and mussels, as well as the steak and marrow.
They were generous with the snapper, they gave us 3 fillets (tail pieces) and there were 4 mussels. It was good and hearty. The steak and marrow was a beautiful plate. The NY striploin was perfectly cooked and the sauce was amazing! The marrow was a bit disappointing because it all clumped up into a tiny ball, and then one of bones exploded and split right in half (which was entertaining, but I think it was overheated).笑
I'm bumping this place up. Among the most attentive / unpretentious servers in Parkdalia... and I tried their spicy popcorn chicken.

Little pieces of of battered chicken? No no. No Colonel in sight, thank god. Literally the most tender chicken I've ever tasted covered in spicy popcorn. I uploaded a pic. Peep it.笑
If you want great food, knowledgeable friendly server, a reasonable price, and a place too loud to have a normal conversation, this is your place. Highly recommended by a chef friend, I was not warned about the sound level. The restaurant is a rectangle smallish shaped room with hard walls and ceilings all bouncing the sound back in your face. I can't believe the owners really want it this loud. It was crowded and maybe when not full it wouldn't be as bad. Try it at odd hours.笑
After venturing out to Parkdale with 2 very hungry friends and being turned away from a busy taco joint, we stumbled upon Chantecler, a new bistro style restaurant on the strip.  We were pleasantly surprised when we could walk in and get a table right away. 
The food was modern Asian fusion with a rustic nature including an item that i had never seen on a menu before - pork neck.  I have had it with home cooking with my family in my Chinese household but never in a restaurant.  Of course this was a main we needed to try and it is a top recommend if you come here.  It was definitely cooked well. To make this more authentically Asian - it was served on pieces of braised lettuce and poached oyster mushrooms which you see with many traditional Chinese dishes and topped off with a house-made XO sauce (a traditional Chinese sauce made of dried seafood) that takes 5 days to make! It really brought me back to my family's cooking and the pork neck was tender and full of juicy goodness with a perfect punch from the XO!  Wow!
Another great dish with Chantecler's version of potato gnocchi - it was presented like a slab of creamy potato sauce which was melt in your mouth smooth.  You just lapped it up!  To give it the Asian flare - it was served with cured cod roe and sprinkled with pungent seaweed powder.  
Finally we had to try the beef cheek as I go on record saying is the most tender part of any animal.  It was braised (perhaps a bit too long as it was tougher than I would like) in red whine and served on root and marrow mash and to make it seem more bloody - it was topped with a beet sauce.  
I would definitely come back here for an intimate dinner with friends or on a date and with the more adventurous and less picky of eaters.笑
VIBE 
I'm a big fan of simplicity and Chantecler does this in spades. I was surprised by how small the room was but it works with an intimate atmosphere. I sat at the bar and was immediately welcomed by their warm and friendly staff. Sipping on my Corpse Reviver 2 made being alone before my date arrived so much better. I loved the glossed, dark wooden bar. I also liked that there was plenty of light (big plus for someone who takes photos of her food - yes, I'm the annoying one). 

It's also the little touches - like those darling antique plates. I'm charmed! 

Just a note: they now have a tasting menu twice a week. Their site seems to be up to date with their changes. 

WE ATE/DRANK
The corpse reviver 2 was a perfectly boozy way to start our meal. Another note that the servers know the menu inside and out. It's impressive. We started with the oysters served with an asian sauce. They were fantastic - a light and refreshing appetizer. 

We continued with the calamari - grilled octopus topped with a tamarind, peanut sauce. I wish they served this in big ass containers to take home because I seriously could have eaten three plates of this on my own. DAMN! 

We continued some more with the pacific cod baja fish tacos, wrapped in lettuce, of course. They were perfectly fried but if you're getting the lettuce wraps, I'd hold off on this dish (unless you love fish tacos of any kind, like me). 

The Lettuce wraps are now offered nightly instead of on Sundays. Braised pork shoulder with its sauces dripping onto the plate? Um, YES PLEASE. Lots of little accoutrements accompany the wraps - from steamed rice to kimchi to a few Asian inspired sauces. The beef was so tender and flavourful that it didn't need much else. We tried the XO sauce and felt it took away from the beef's flavour. Not really my thing. That said, I loved breaking the shrimp chip on the beef - it added a great crunch! It's a fun dish that has you sharing. Love! 

The server recommended the Pierre Frick "Blanc de Noirs" white wine from Alsace, France. The dryness of the wine added a good kick to the lettuce wraps. Bravo! 

From there (yes, we had more...), we shared a "ghetto" sundae, topped with fruit loops, chocolate sauce, malteasers and more. The vanilla ice cream really hit the spot. The dessert wasn't a necessity but it was a nice touch. I was certainly full but not stuffed! 

The cherry on top? Just as we were leaving, co-owner Jacob ushered me over to do a shot on the house. Please. Talk about bourbon-infused service! 

OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 
Carrie Ann Inaba: TEN! Perfection. My new fave in Toronto.笑
It's hard for me to review places that are SO . FAR. AWAY. from where I live, especially on days that I have to wait in -20 degrees weather for a streetcar just to get home.

But, let's pretend I live close by. 

The room itself was really cold, that little schmata covering the door does nothing.  Bathroom stalls had no...."waste" basket in them, which makes disposal of unmentionables really embarrassing and gross.  Get some trash baskets near the toilets!!!  

Food was good, interesting variety.  Drinks were well priced and a great variety.  The place is cute, but I couldn't see one seat I'd think was comfortable if I had any more tush.  Service was s-l-o-w. ... but friendly and smiley, which is nice.  I'd go back if I lived in the neighbourhood, or even during the summer as a nice destination walk.笑
A very small restaurant serving somewhat French food with some Asian features. Both their chicken and beef dishes were solid yet uninspired. 
Seating is limited and reservations are a must. Not really an intimate meal ambiance. A narrow cocktail list with approachable price points and flavour. 
Enjoy Toronto!笑
Wandered in here because the folks at Grand Electric were full so we wanted a place to sit down and wait with an appi and a drink.  

I ordered a 12$ beaujolais and I know what you must be thinking: "12 dollars? She must mean for the bottle. A glass of beaujolais can't possibly cost 12$!" I thought the same thing but nope, 12$ for the glass.  

We shared an order of the popcorn chicken appi.  There was something a bit texturally off.  If I had to guess, I'd say the chicken was a bit undercooked.  The seasoning was really tasty and the idea was creative (there's actual popcorn on the chicken) but overall the dish didn't hit for me.  

Might need to try again and survey more of the menu before I rule this one out...笑
Awesome food, amazing cocktails and super friendly service!  We've tried almost the entire menu and everything is delicious! Cosy space, nice music, good people.笑
I really enjoyed my first visit to Chantecler.  After reading and hearing a lot about it, I finally went with a friend based on another friend's recommendation. I was not disappointed!  The decor is quaint and cozy and the background music selection provided a nice contrast.  Although we arrived separately, the server greeted each of us individually almost immediately as we sat at the same. She was warm and friendly, returned to our table often throughout the meal to check on us and provided great suggestions and direction as we navigated the menu options.  We decided on the steak and bone marrow, along with the frites, and broccoli, and started with oysters and cheese puffs. We finished with the flaming baked Alaska - wowzah. Everything was delicious. Although we weren't asked how we preferred the steak, it arrived rare, exactly as we would have requested. The evening we were there, they did not have the regular draught beer and offered an alternative: Labatt 50. (I won't do Labatt 50 unless it's the only option if ever I find myself at a random roadhouse along Highway 61). Anyway, no problem --I was easily able to select a delicious cocktail instead.  Prices are very reasonable and portion sizes are fair.

The whole experience was top-notch. I'm looking forward to returning and trying the rest of the menu (minus the paté and frogs legs, mind you).   

Loved this place and will definitely return.笑
Pros:  great food (the roast chicken and beef tartare were standouts), cool vibe, and the staff are friendly & casual, but professional.

Cons:  it's a little cramped & noisy.  There's also a strong chance that you'll end up sharing a table, if you're a smaller party.

Unfortunately, later that night, a group of people were celebrating a staff member's appearance on "Murdoch Mysteries".  They broadcast the show, on the main wall, cranked the volume, and cheered every time their friend appeared. 

Although, it would be an exciting thing, it was unfortunately oft-putting - for the remaining customers, finishing their meals.   However, it was obviously a one-off occasion (hopefully).笑
One of my favorite snack bars in the city. One of the differentiators to this spot is that they'll take a reservation!!! I've been here almost 10 times and the service has been great every time. The popcorn shrimp and the chicken wings are amazing. By the way, don't leave without having dessert, it's the best ice cream Sunday I've ever had.笑
Tabarnak this food is pretty good, but tabarnak this place is small.

I loved the French Canadian approach en calisse, but as a Montreal frog myself, I give it a 3.5 star rating cuz the staff could've been friendlier.笑
Strong kitchen and solid food overall. The duck was juicy and the cauliflower soup was good. It is definitely meeting the anticipated expectation.笑
We started with a couple of cocktails.  For him the Buckwheat Julep (Buckwheat infused Bourbon, Mint and Bitters) and for me the Gin and Grapefruit Tonic (Bombay Sapphire, House Tonic, Grapefruit).  The Julep had an lovely nutty fragrance livened up by the fresh mint, and the tonic was a perfect balance of bright acidity and mild sweet tonic. Loved this.

So the way the food works at Chantecler (for the regular, non-Lettuce Sundays menu) is that the dishes are meant (or at least encouraged) to be shared.  They arrive one my one, in an order deemed appropriate by the chef based on flavour progressions, rather than the strict appetizer- main type orientation.
 
Smoked Duck Breast with Beet, Peanut and Mustard Green

A solid dish. I think we were expending a cooked breast, but regardless it was tasty.  I loved the  smokiness of the charcuterie against the sweet, mildly acidic flavour of the beet.

New Potato with Pork Jowl, Jalapeno, Apple and Quail Egg
Probably the better of the two appetizers.  The pork was rich and fatty, but not chewy or unpleasant.  The soft poached quail eggs burst effortlessly to produce a rich and decadent sauce.  With all of this fattiness on the plate, I was grateful for the kick of heat from the jalapeno, and the sweetness and acidity lent by the crispy apple slices.

Pacific Cod with King Oyster, Celeriac, and Matsutake
 
By far the best savoury dish of the night.  It was easily one of the best dishes I have had this year.  The mushrooms lent a gorgeous earthy note, lending a satisfying supple texture. In contrast, the celeriac had been pureed and then expelled from an aerator to create a light, mildly sweet and slightly nutty air.  The star of the dish, however, was the perfectly cooked cod, garnished with a dusting of buttery salty breadcrumbs reminiscent of crushed potato chips. In the words of Ina Garten, "how could this be bad?"

Pork Neck with Kusshi Oyster, Lettuce and XO Sauce
 
We deemed this dish "The Ultimate Kosher Feast".  All jokes aside, it was pretty damn good.  The oyster lent an interesting textural juxtaposition against the super crispy skin of the pork, and the XO sauce (a Chinese sauce traditionally made of dried seafood, chili, garlic, sometimes ham etc) offered a nice salty hit.  My only criticism was that the wilted lettuce kind of threw me off my enjoyment-game.  While I normally love cooked lettuce, the texture (kind of like chewing on a rubber band) kind of masked the tenderness of the pork, and made it taste a little overcooked.  When eaten separately (as I quickly learned to do), the dish was spot on.

Sea Buckthorn Parfait with Meringue and Almond Praline

Well, let me just say that Chantecler knows how to do dessert.  When I read their menu online, I honestly wasn't too enthused by the dessert offerings, and ordinarily, that's enough to deter me from a restaurant.  Am I ever glad I gave it a shot because this dish was absolutely killer.  Sea Buckthorn (so I learned) is a sour berry that the chef pureed into a thick sauce, mixed it with a few tiny droplets of orange blossom puree, topped with a silky and fluffy soft meringue, and dusted it with crushed almond praline.   The result was a masterpiece of texture and flavour.  The smoothness of the puree was pleasantly interrupted with little pops of fragrant jelly.  Both of these components offered a satisfying tart base note, tempered by the mildly sweet meringue and the nutty crunchy candy garnish.  Don't tell you-know-who I told you, but he actually licked the bowl- like tongue in goblet- I wish I got a picture.  For a man who rarely even eats desserts, this was a milestone.

Ice Cream with Buckwheat, Plum and Shortbread

Another flawless offering. Just looking at the picture is making me weep. Served very cold, the ice cream had a distinct savoury element that I can only describe as a less sweet, more refined version of peanut butter.  The shortbread cookie crumbs held their shape, and along with a generous garnish of candy shards, provided the sweet to complement the Buckwheat's earthy undertones.  The plum, cooked sous vide in nothing more than a little sugar brought a refreshing element of acidity to the plate. While we refrained from using tongue, this plate also got cleaned pretty good.

So following dinner, the bartender graciously offered us up a complementary dessert shot, featuring Amaro, Bourbon and Bitters.  I was a bit apprehensive (I never bring a shot glass to my lips without at least a little reflection), but it proved to be delicious. Like the bartender said, just sweet enough for the lady.

So after 2 apps, 2 mains, 2 desserts, sparkling water, 3 cocktails, 2 cappuccinos, I think the bill was about $160 including tax and tip.  An excellent meal considering the quality.  I would however say, that if you arrive hungry (like we did), then you may want to order another dish, as we both...笑
This place fully and completely lived up to all the hype. Chantecler is small and simple with exciting and unique food and wine. If you like hipster, this place is definitely for you. If you like good food and cozy dining quarters, this place is also for you.

We called a couple of days ahead to make a reservation for two and were told the only spots left was a seating at 10:00 or 5:30, so we went with 10. 

We were warmly welcomed by the serving staff and seated at two seats at the bar. Around us there were parties of 2, 4 and 6, but nothing bigger ,this place is NOT for groups.

We ordered a selection of tapas items from the menu, based on the servers recommendations and were amazed at just how delicious each dish was. The Lettuce Meal - definitely worth your time. It is the must order item from the menu.

I strongly recommend you check this place out. It's one of the very best in this city.笑
The popcorn shrimp is amazing, and the tartare is one of the best I've had. Great menu, great decor, great service.笑
Great, intimate place. Meals are served family style so it's a perfect place to try out a lot of different small plates. Lots of delicious options, and a great busy atmosphere. Service was top drawer.笑
Cute little place - my friend and I came to grab a drink while we waited for our reservation at another place.  The wine suggested was great!  Service was attentive and it was a neat little spot.  I'd love to come by for dinner sometime.

BUT, it smelled strongly of fish because the kitchen is right in the restaurant.  When I got home, I smelled a slight fishiness in my hair.  So whatever is cooking there is chance that you'll smell like it on the way out.

I hope to come back and taste dinner rather than smell like it.笑
Didn't have a reservation, came in on a friday and got seated within about 30 minutes.
We sat at the bar, which was fine since I was only with one other person.

We started with 2 negronis and shared steak tartare, which was really great, had just the right about of spice and went really well with the nori that came with it.
Then we shared the beef lettuce wraps, the meat was cooked perfectly and the portion was perfect for two people.  

I normally order more food (and not usually that much beef), but this amount was perfect and overall the meal was completely worth what we paid.  I'm looking forward to the next time I come back.笑
Great service. Great food. Charming atmosphere. Eat here. - a brief and accurate review -笑
So like many others before me I had planned to go to Grand Electric Friday night - however because of the 1 hour wait we decided to have drinks and appetizers at Chantecler first...the perfect plan to hit two restaurants on my checklist. 

I am truly a sucker for open-faced brick walls and this place was a perfect mixture of rustic and contemporary. I loved the oldschool cash register on the bar and the very fancy looking espresso machine. I think my favourite part of this place was the stove and oven behind the bar and the tiled black and white back-splash. 

I had a beautiful glass of red wine - recommended by the bartender. My friend made me choose one of the draft beers for him which was a local brew. 

We decided on the ricotta gnudi - it was a perfect appetizer the gnudi was melt in your mouth ... the perfect texture offset by zucchini and the smoked tomato. Loved every bite and was sad when it was done. 

The ever changing menu was a very cool concept and I liked the idea of being able to try a couple different dishes to get a little taste of everything. 

I definitely need to go back for a proper dinner but my first app and drink impression was amazing. I can't wait to see what they will be serving next!笑
Chantecler has been around for many years and I had been wanting to try this place for a long time on Queen St. W. Came here for a dinner on Saturday night. Reservations were made ahead of time by my partner. As soon as we got there we were promptly seated at our table (chef's table!). The best thing about sitting at the chef's table was watching all the dishes get put together in the open kitchen. I loved the entire experience as I watched the cooks put all components of the dishes together to make them complete. Since it was our first time being at the restaurant, we were recommended to share everything (2-3 smaller dishes, one larger dish). I also asked the waiter for a wine recommendation and what he suggested was perfect.

For the food my partner and I went all out and got 4 small dishes and a large main to share. For the small dishes we ordered the oysters (East coast), cheese puffs, chicken pate, and the seafood stew. The oysters were light and delicious, a good starter for the meal. The cheese puffs with the whipped herb butter was divine, I could have easily eaten more of those. The chicken pate was smooth, rich, and silky as you would expect. I could have easily eaten another plate of the pate while drinking my glass of wine. I especially liked the pickled vegetables and the jam to contrast the richness of the pate. The seafood stew was different from what my partner and I expected, still good nonetheless. The stew had a tomato base and had a bit of kick to it. There was an abundance of seafood (fish, shrimp, calamari) which was worth it for the price. While sitting at the chef's table we saw many steak tartares and kale salads being assembled. Definitely looked like those were the popular small dishes of the night. 

For the main we ordered a steak to share (came with bone marrow, rich gravy, potato chips, and pickles) with a side of french fries. The steak was done perfectly as we asked for (medium rare) and the bone marrow was delicious. During our time there we saw that many others had ordered the stuffed half chicken (looked delicious as well but I will have to come back to try).

After our meal we had no room for dessert but the baked Alaska was recommended by our waiter. 

Chantecler is a great intimate place for sharing French classics with a loved one or a group of friends. The vibe and atmosphere is intimate and romantic yet trendy and hip at the same time. The restaurant left a great first impression on both my partner and I, will be back if I ever am in the mood for French food.笑
Wow. It's been a while since I've enjoyed such a great meal. 

Ambiance + Service: Cool, relaxed vibe with wooden furniture, great lighting. Service is friendly and gracious. Very attentive to check when you're finished your dish so that they can clear it straightaway. Food comes spaced apart well enough that you can really savour each dish. Also, the dishes are adorably old fashioned. Duh great matching of furniture to dish designs. 

Food: Truthfully, a couple of dishes were just okay, certainly not spectacular. But most of the dishes were too phenomenal (is there such a thing?)!!! We ordered almost all of the shareables, and the dishes that stuck out included:

Beef tartare: perfect seasoning of Wasabi, and crunchy texture of peanuts, slightly chewy and fresh chopped beef, all atop a shrimp chip; literally a taste explosion in your mouth, and so scrumptious you'll want 8 more plates of it to yourself.

Popcorn shrimp: What is this heavenly deliciousness and why hasn't the world taken up this dish as the global symbol of pure elation?!  I forget what spices are on these deep fried shrimps, but you get to savour the crunch of popcorn pieces with the slightly spicy-sweet spice frosted atop each of them. So, so good.   

Tomato salad: apparently they change their dishes based on what's in season, and tomatoes are currently in season. This dish is unbelievable. Seriously: you will not believe nor be able to fathom how fabulous this dish is. Pieces of plum tomatoes with a clean dollop of creamy cheese mousse on top, with some kind of vinaigrette drizzled over the entire thing. Oh dear, I want another 11 pieces of this.

Other items that warrant 3-4 star ratings: calamari, wings, pork special wrap. All of these were quite tasty, but weren't exactly phenomenal. You can pass on the fish wrap and kale salad, both of which were completely underwhelming, and the oysters too, since they weren't exactly flavour bombs.

I would definitely go here again, now that I know what fits my taste buds. Would suggest going with a minimum 4-person group so that you can ty everything on their menu, and decide what suits you. Share a carafe of wine and watch the time pass while you're ooh-ing and ahh-ing over plating and extraordinary scents of Asian spices.笑
We had the tasting menu, and while it was quite tasty, the seating was incredibly uncomfortable at at $300 (with only one glass of wine each, and two of the courses served raw) I hate to say it felt slightly rushed and overpriced. I certainly recommend them for the regular menu though! Good food and great service.笑
Great place to go on a Friday and Sat night and they do take reservations, yay!
Unfortunately, they told me 9:15 when the meant 9 and when I got there they had given up my table to someone else. Sucks but there was seating at the bar and they moved us to a table once one opened up. 
Loved facing the backsplash that says 'Chantecler', truthfully it might be half the reason I came here. Oh, and Munchies. Waiters were friendly and attentive. The cocktails looked amazing but I just wanted my classic Bourbon Sour and they said they'd be happy to make it for me. It was the bessttttt bourbon sour I have ever had!! I think I'll come back just for that. 

We got the Popcorn Shrimp and my boyfriend was like 'I dno how they can call it popcorn when it's jumbo' he's blind, it's covered in spicy, salty popcorn. It was really tasty, but too salty. 
Also got the Codfish Wrap, it was good, had some spicy tasty oil that made the dish for me. Not blown away but it was satisfying. 
Also got the lettuce meal. The meat was soo deliious, just fell part when we seperated it. Honestly though with the lettuce wrap, sticky rice, and sauces (that were too overpowering) it just didn't come together, and when it did, it was nothing special. I was also over the whole make your own meal thing before I had even started.

All in All
Food: 3.5/5
Drinks: 4.5/5
Ambiance: 5/5

Would I return? Yes, I think they might change their menus, so I'd be down to try again.笑
Really nice place to go on a date. Loved the atmosphere. We sat at the bar and watched the cooks in action. Food was great.笑
The service was seamless, food divine, and  the atmosphere was such we'd have been happy to stay all night! 

Firstly, it was a pleasure to be able to make a reservation during peak hours on a Friday evening! We were greeted warmly which set the tone for the evening. It was refreshing to see servers so excited about the menu and cocktail offerings and happy to discuss pairings. Somehow our water glasses were never empty and plates were well-timed to enjoy and not feel hurried. 

Like other reviewers, I was expecting more of a classical-French leaning but was pleasantly surprised by the Asian-inspired small plates! Although we consider ourselves omnivores, in reflecting on the menu it would be a panacea for groups or date nights that include anyone who is keeping gluten-free or paleo (with many options that could accommodate these choices without needing any modifications). We savoured every morsel of the calamari; layers of bright lemon, smooth peanut, and subtle heat made for the easily one of the best in the city! (I know this could be a contentious statement, but I suggest you give it a try before doubting the boldness of that assertion). Both the fish and pork lettuce wraps left nothing else to be desired- complex flavours while being deeply satisfying. The "popcorn shrimp" (literally coated in popcorn) with a dry spice coating  were another guilt-free treat. 

The nods to the school-house era are thoughtful and kept practical (the wooden chairs are more ergonomic than most modern offerings)!  Likewise, the balance of vintage cash register with iPad POS software speaks to their value of design without compromising practicality. 

The setting, service and meal all made for a special date-night (and all at a great value; dinner and cocktails for two was less than $50!).  Not to be missed!笑
My friend and I came here at around 11pm on a Thursday for some munchies and drinks, and we were absolutely blown away :) 

It is a small cozy restaurant with dim lights... nice place for foodies to hang out after work or for a late night drink :) Not really my ideal place for a family dinner tho lol.

Had some oysters and wine. Ordered popcorn shrimps! Literally popcorn. Flavours were fantastic. Also treated ourselves to a birthday treat... with caramelized banana, ice cream, sprinkles and all that goodness on top. I feel like a kid again lol. Love it :)

Love how the owner serves everything on traditional Chinese dishes, brings childhood memories back. I appreciate the he preserves and proudly celebrates the Chinese culture in his restaurant.

I have always been curious about the tasting menu at Chantecler. When I called in last winter, they were fully booked for the next 2 months.

From what I have heard (1) Taste fantastic, (2) Reasonable price... around $50+, (3) Excellent service (4) Only available Fridays and Saturdays (5) Book 2 months in advance.

Definitely coming back for this long overdued tasting adventure!笑
We were actually in the area to try Grand Electric, but upon discovering a 1hr wait at 10:30pm, we gave up and wandered into Chantecler. And am I glad we did! 

We started with the Veg-Noodle Salad - be warned, it is very spicy! I normally do not eat spicy food but I couldn't stop eating this dish! The sauce was just perfect and the combination of the different textures really added to the flavoring. 

Then we ordered the Beef Tartare. It comes like a raw beef patty with a raw egg yolk in the center, served with seaweed to wrap them in. I gotta say this dish wasn't my favorite, it was very slimy and didn't taste much like anything. However, my boyfriend enjoyed it just as much as the salad. 

Then came the Lettuce Meal. One word - WOW! You have GOT to get this if you go to Chantecler. The pork shoulder was unbelievably tender; the rice is sticky rice which goes perfectly with the lettuce wraps because it is harder and adds a good balance to the other stronger flavors. Again, they play with the different types of textures - the crispiness of the shrimp chips, the chewy sticky rice, the pickled cauliflowers - everything goes so well together and explodes in your mouth. 

Our waitress was lovely and attentive, and we didn't have to wait long for the food to arrive. I would definitely go back again! It's a great place for a date or a nice night out with friends.笑
Chantecler. : a breed of robust general-purpose fowls of Canadian origin. As the name suggest we had to try the stuff chicken it was really good nice and moist and tender it was cooked well and taste was good just a little salty.  We also enjoyed the slow roast pork and sausage if you like meat this is a good casual place and staff is nice too.笑
Chantecler, named after a breed of chicken that is native to Canada, is a new addition to Parkdale and just a few doors down from Grand Electric.  Just two weeks old but already attracting the crowds and with features in both Toronto Life and BlogTO, it will no doubt become a neighbourhood favourite.  I arrived right at opening time (6pm) and requested a seat by the kitchen - its like front row seats to the opera.  Owners Jacob Wharton-Shukster and Jonathon Poon (affectionately known as Johnny) make up the dream team behind Chantecler.  

Watching Chef Poon craft his dishes is like watching a Monet painting in the works.  As he worked his way around the small, but charming  kitchen - no detail was left unattended.  If I could describe him in one word - it would be fastidious.  And this is for sure reflected in his food.

Wharton-Shukster is equally impressive to watch as he works up 2 cocktails for me and my dinner guest.  The Old-Fashioned was finished with lavender smoke - if only I could bottle the aroma and make it into a fragrance - I'd be as tempting as pie!  My Sea Buckthorn Cocktail was refreshing and just the thing I needed on this sunny day.  The egg was subtle, but added a certain smoothness to the quaff.

After having read about the lengths Poon took to craft his Chicken Consommé ($14) - I had to try it.  Just the description of the process wowed me.  No part of the chicken is spared.  My Chinese mother would be proud of his "no waste" philosophy.  The carcass is taken to to create your traditional consommé sans vegetables; the yea big breasts are smoked while the legs are rolled into a remoulade; and the consommé is clarified with egg whites which, as it coagulates creates a raft which clarifies the stock.    The fat rendered from the chicken is then used to cook the mushrooms and the dish is finished with a sprinkling of coriander, scallion and egg yolk.  The broth is poured over just before serving.  I now know why good chefs go through all the trouble of making their own broth instead of hitting up a grocery store for a box of Campbell's.  The broth was clean, concentrated and full-bodied.

On the starchier side of things were the Stuffed Onions ($18) with creamed kale and glutinous rice.  The sweetness of the onions paired well with the Parmesan.  And being true to using quality ingredients, you will also find black truffles in the rice.  None of that "essence" nonsense - you get the real deal.

At the recommendation of the staff, we also tried the Pacific Cod ($19) served with King Oyster mushrooms (which are scored by hand with a knife), Bonito butter and toasted seeds.  The fish was nice and flaky and the butter added a boost in fat and flavour in an otherwise lower-fat cod.

Our third and final dish of the evening was the Pork Neck ($21) with Kusshi oyster, poached lettuce and a house-made XO sauce composed of dried seafood such as conpoy and shrimp.  The sauce itself takes 5 days to make! For me, this was the winner of the evening with the right fat-to-meat ratio and a nice golden crust. Every bite was a juicy one!

Verdict:

I bet that Origin is probably missing one of its star employees (cue Wharton-Shukster) because he was great.  He explained the construction and composition of the dishes down to a tee, and overall made the evening a fun one.  Although Chef Poon was super focused on his work in the kitchen, he still managed to say a friendly hello.

While the pair have dubbed their approach to food "progress Canadian cuisine,"  I still think I would call it Asian fusion.  It also seems Chef Poon has an unrequited love for mushrooms as we sampled a medley of mushrooms including: brown enoki, oyster mushrooms, button mushrooms and hen wood mushrooms.  Whatever kind of cuisine you want to call it, you can dine knowing that Chef Poon cooks with his heart and is really proud of his dishes. 

The kitchen is my sanctuary in the house, and was definitely my favourite spot in the restaurant.  It reminds you of a rustic kitchen you'd find in the French countryside and the backsplash of mosaic displaying the restaurant's namesake is absolutely adorable.

As the restaurant is still young, they currently only accept cash or debit.  So make sure you come prepared ;)笑
Such a cute place for food and drinks. Tried this restaurant in the summer and the very quaint. They have the front open so you have  the summer breeze. Perfect while enjoying your cocktails with your friends or date.