I had the CEO and it delivered!! It was done just right and The buns are amazing too. We were a huge group of 7 and everyone was satisfied with their purchase. So good.笑
Very cool upscale venue! We had a double bacon cheeseburger and a quinoa veggie burger in a lettuce bun - both were delicious! The service was great -- we will definitely go back.笑
Went in today to give it a try and ordered the CEO sans bun. It was really good and I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.笑
Didn't think the burgers were anything special. Thought it was over priced compared to the quality of the burger. It's just like another habit burger.笑
I'll get into the review, 
Our order: 
Classic burgerfi double and another single
Cry and fry which is fries and onion rings
Vanilla shake 
Oreo shake 
Zero for the burgers they were very smelly and suspicious " sorry we had to throw them"
Zero for the fries "they were super oily and uneatable" and onion ring "burned so bad" 
Zero for the vanilla shake "no flavor at all"  
One star for the Oreo shake it was really the only good thing and one star for the look of the food and shakes it was Instagram worthy pic. 
I wouldn't recommend eating there unless you want to give it a chance, it might have been a bad night at the kitchen when I came or something.笑
This spot is a home run!  It's in a great location and they have a fantastic product.  When I first looked at the menu online I thought it reminded me of shake shack...this place is hands down better than shake shack. The interior is super clean and all the employees were so friendly.  

My husband got the CEO burger and I had a single cheeseburger with grilled onions and jalapeños. We split both plus some fries.  
Both burgers were delicious- very fresh tasting and cooked perfectly.  You can tell they use high quality ingredients. The fries were fresh cut- and highly addictive. Insane. 
A friendly employee came around and offered samples of their "concretes" and we all agreed Red velvet was the family favorite!
They have a good beer selection if that's your thing and my kids are huge fans of the freestyle coke machine.
Any time we are back in that area of town we will be sure to hit up Burger Fi!笑
I go there expecting a kind of bland taste that you would expect from a healthy burger joint.  The food was very good, better than expected.  It was a little pricey and everything is separate (i.e. burger is separate from fries from drink, there are no value meals).  Other than that, very much recommended.笑
I really wanted to like this place, but it was a disappointment. I ordered the CEO burger. The meat left a lot to be desired. It had a limp texture with no flavor. The toppings were hard to even notice. Also ordered the fries and rings. These were very good (especially the fries), but they messed up our order and covered them with parmesan cheese and sauce when we asked for the sauce on the side. After our food, we decided to share the banana churro shake. The shake had the consistency of milk, very thin. Tasted decent (probably too sweet), but was not really a shake. I want to try again, but it is just not worth the price at all.笑
So I tried this place the other day because it came up on hot and new!

I have always been doubtful of any fast-casual burger joints because I feel like they are all trying to do the in n out and shake shack thing.

This place is totally doing that. 

Their burger wasn't bad and the fries were pretty good but, everything is a la carte so it adds up quickly.

Like I said, I was impressed by the fries as well as the Burger-Fi sauce! Better than most "spreads" or special sauces for sure. 

I don't fault this place for the food but where I do fault it is for lack of originality. It is the exact same thing as shack shack with a different name. 

With places like Hopdoddy where you get the fast-casual experience with the gourmet burgers, I'm surprised there are so many places like this still popping up.

BB's Rating: Not bad but, Not Original Either笑
Really good place for a quick bite to eat! 
I live close to BurgerFi [short for Burgerfication of the USA] and have passed by the building many times since construction began. So when a friend let me pick a [cheapo] place for dinner, I immediately thought of them. 

It's a real simple menu - burgers/hot dogs, fries/o-rings, shakes, AND ALCOHOL. You can order ahead, order at the counter with a human, or order in-store at an iPad. The iPad takes a pic of your face as part of checkout to ensure you get your meal. Super neat to have all the options. It wasn't terribly busy when our group dined, and we all got our meals within a few minutes of another. The burger options are crazy - bacon AND cooked onions for no additional cost?! Hells yes. On this day i was feeling uber hungry so I got the Conflicted Burger [real beef patty & veggie patty]. Holy cow, that is one amazing burger! I also saw Red Velvet shake so of course I #treatyoself to extra calories. Totally worth every extra calorie consumed. 

In total I spent $13 for a really amazing crazy burger + shake, cannot wait to go back again. Hope they can make it in Tempe.笑
Best gourmet burger joint period.  Quality is unmatched and the creative menu make this place new every time. This is a must if you enjoy burgers.笑
I absolutely love this place! It reminds me of a cleaner, cooler, version of Shake Shack with better food. The service was on point and the staff was very friendly. We tried  a variety of concretes and the overall family favorite was the red velvet. It had real pieces of red velvet cake in it!!!! The food was fabulous!! BurgerFi is my new favorite burger place.笑
I came in this evening to finish my review. The first thing I noticed when I came in the sliding doors was being greeted by a delicious smoky aroma of beef on a grill followed by smiles and hellos from employees. The cashier (you can also order from a computer if you prefer (millenials smh) but i prefer ordering from a human) kindly offered me a small menu that might be easier to look at then the board. The lady misheard my name I discovered when my buzzer went off and I went to get my order and they said here's your order Nathan. Nathan is a decent name though so I wasn't offended. 

After carefully examining my choices I decided to stay with basics for my first trip in. I got a cheeseburger, fries, and an oreo custard shake. I just prefer a tiny small fries and when I asked was told the smallest they had was regular and that that was the kid size so I got that. The regular was fairly large (see photo) I would have liked a smaller portion size for fries myself. The fries were cut fairly thick and some still and bits of potato skin still on them. While they weren't my personal favorite fries, there are lots of people who would like them and they were well seasoned with a coarse salt. For ketchup they have the paper cups like most places but they are wider and more shallow which allowed you to dip upwards of 10 fries in the cup at a time and shove them down your throat. 

They press the name burgerfi into the bun of the burger which was a nice touch. Presumably they do so with witchcraft or with n iron with their name written written in reverse on it. My burger had a good flavor with nice cheddar and a nice soft bun to cradle all the ingredients in. 

 During my meal an employee came around with a small sample of their red velvet concrete which was vanilla frozen custard with nice moist red velvet cake chunks mixed in. It was really quite good. I would definitely recommend that and will likely come to get it for a nice Sunday evening treat in the future. My orem concrete shake was yummy and had rainbow sprinkles on top which is always fun. Importantly $1 from each shake goes to St. Jude Children's Hospital according to a sign in thete. That's an amazing cause I can get behind and believe. They may have lost a star on fries for me but definitely gained one for supporting a great cause I believe in. 

The pricing is similar to Shack Shack with kind of a similar atmosphere and menu but a little different too, and I think there is room for both. The decor has contrasting wood and metallic elements with lime green accents. 

This is a new business and owners and employees were all very nice and gracious and hooked me up with a little grand opening swag so I am going to be gracious and give them 5 stars today. Wish them luck with their venture and I'll be back to see how they do.笑
The BIGGEST and best Onion Rings I've ever had. Truly enjoyed the Veggie burger and highly recommended you visit and have the Custard. It was delicious!!笑
Come try BurgerFi before ASU starts back up because the line is going to be out the door soon! 

Stopped by to try and there was no line, but the place was packed. They offer self-service ordering or you can step up and order with an employee. The prices are more than reasonable and the food is delicious! The only thing that would give this 5 stars is if it was faster service (I sat and waited about 15 mins for my burger and fries). 

I would equate it to SmashBurger, with fresher-tasting ingredients and a wider menu (with beer and wine!!)笑
Great burger!  Fries weren't my favorite, but the onion rings were great.  I had the bacon cheeseburger and I loved that I could pick my condiments and veggies when placing my order.  Nice spot!笑
Best veggie burger I had in AZ. Fries are good too. The place has excellent ambience.笑
Make no mistake, this is fast food.  The rating is on a fast food scale.  If you're looking for burgers and fries of similar quality to The Habit Grille, then you found it.

The burgers were okay if a bit oily.  The fries were good if a bit salty.  A large fry is enough for 3-4 people.  The frozen custard was good.  The staff was friendly and service was fast (it wasn't busy).  The metal chairs were comfy enough for a quick meal.笑
Staff was friendly and helpful soon enough it was our first visit. Beer on tap is a great deal $2 with a purchase on Thursdays. We had a cheeseburger and fries. Burgers were big and juicy, like homemade and filled me up. As for the Fries they seemed to be made fresh and not fried out of a bag. Wait time was about 5 minutes with no lines. I could just imagine how long we would wait if it was a packed house. Anyways, the best part about this place is the staff.笑
Lo-fi, hi-fi, wi-fi, Burgerfi? I had eaten at the Mesa BurgerFi and had enjoyed their burgers so I was excited to see that there was a location in Tempe. 

The dining area has both regular human-manned cashier registers and self-service kiosks behind the registers. After browsing through the menu, I ordered the conflicted burger, green style, and shared the cry+fry. You'll get a beeper after ordering, and if you get a soda they do have a Coca Cola Freestyle machine that offers a special lime flavor apparently exclusive to BurgerFi. 

It didn't take too long for our orders to be made. Unlike other burger shops where their lettuce wrapped burgers are placed in a paper pouch to prevent everything from falling out, this burger was placed directly on a paper bowl with several leaves of iceberg lettuce instead of a bun. Initially picking it up was fine, and the crisp lettuce with the two burger patties was an excellent contrast of textures, temperatures and flavors but over time the uneven surface of the lettuce leaves would slide off the burger and the sauce ran all over my hands making for a wet dripping mess. I liked the contrast of the "conflict" in the conflicted burger: the veggie patty's slightly nutty, lightly crisp outer texture with soft filling was delicious with the primal taste of the beef patty.

The cry+fry was a very generous portion of onion rings and hand cut fries. The onion rings were gigantic and I liked the crunchy light batter but the onion itself was bland. I liked the fries better, which were lightly crispy.

Overall it was a pretty good experience and it's a good choice if you're looking for a delicious burger and fries.