Gross! Place was dirty service was horrible, there was an awful smell like a port a potty in the back. Ordered a hamburger to be safe and instead of mayo they put tartar sauce on bun. Will never go here again!!Ǿ
Wellllll.....
the fruit flies bugged me--Ha!
The bot fly bugged me--okay jokes old...
took kinda long for us to get our food, we think it was just around 45 minutes and the place was NOT busy so...
Fries were warmish and not fresh but everyone at the table liked their sammiches, mine was okay. I got the chicken cordon bleu and it was meh...But my fault since there was nothing really wrong with it...
Oh yeah ice tea had turned and tasted funky...
Pretty sure we won't be heading back any time soon....
Give it a shot see what you think...Ǿ
This place just closed down with no notice I had a groupon I received a refund but I really liked the prices it was never really busy in the winter but in the summer the outside deck and volleyball area was jumping. I will miss this place they had great beer prices.  SAD TO SEE IT GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ǿ
Came with a groupon.......left with a good impression.  The Ruben was nice with the sauce on the side.  The Boom Boom Shrimp was very tasty.  The waitress nice prompt and very friendly and explained the dishes.  It is a pub/bar and we will be back.Ǿ
Went here for a drink after work with a friend. Not my usual area but whatever. I think I heard this place was an old strip joint? Which I could definitely see. Weirded me out but that's okay. 

I felt like our bartender was a little stuck up. She seemed to have a little bit of an attitude. I mean they had business on a week night around 7/8pm so she should be happy. 

Pretty big drink selection, A beer was around $6.50 for a craft ale. A little pricey considering I could go to Great Lakes and pay the same. 

There was definitely some drama going on at this bar. I feel like the people who where there come at least every other day. Glad I didn't stay for food. Will not be going back.Ǿ
Trashy server uniforms. Ekkk. Flavorless food. I think its the first time my boyfriend pushed his plate away. This is an Irish pub with the worst  shep pie. i think it was made in the microwave. We were one of two tables. We saw our server once and then we had to flag other servers down for refills and napkins.  Food and drinks very late. Fruit fly's everywhere!!!!!! It was so gross. They were out of 3 of 4 things I attempted to order. Nice set up but poor service and food. Such a shame. Hoping things start to get better. They may be another indy resturant flap. They say only 10% make it. This probably wont be one of them. I was hoping the other reviews were wrong.Ǿ
Stopped here before the indian's game.. Was not very busy. Service was extremely slow and the menu was small... It took over 30 min to get our server to come back to order.. All this while 3 hostess stood around giggling and eating popcorn..

I ordered fish and chips (very bland) was below average. We also had the cob salad and chicken wings (both were average) and wife ordered a French dip or something similar. It was better than average.. Two of the meals had hair in them... After our meal came waitress disappeared again.. No drink refills or hey how you doing..I had to walk up to the bar to get a few more napkins because no x tra were brought with the wings.. She Did finally come back dropped check got a few dishes and was gone... We had to have a bus boy go get her so we could pay and leave..

So I would say overall average food and very poor and slow serviceǾ
only went in for drinks and apps with a group of friends. large space. nothing extraordinary just ok.Ǿ
Second time here. Try not to write critical reviews after only one visit.  Bottom line, after two visits the food is very good. Probably 4 star in preparation and taste.  That being said the service was 2 star during both visits.  Waited half hour for a table of four when it wasn't close to being busy. Counted at least 9 empty tables half were not bussed and I watched them take 15 min on average to bus them.  When we finally were seated there was gobs of food on floor in front of table.  The table was supposedly bussed but had plenty of remnants from the prior occupants.  No silverware either.  We won't be coming back unfortunately.  All the servers and hostesses seemed to be under 21 and not particularly caring about service.  2 star service. 4 star American Irish food. Equals avg of 3 stars at best.  Supposedly part of Barley House chain.Ǿ
The other reviews have hit it right on: the service at this place is absolutely atrocious.  I went here once, on a random Saturday night, around 12:30am solely because I'd had another event nearby.  The place is huge, but there were only about 10 people at the bar... on a Saturday night... I should've been tipped off by that fact alone.  It took the barmaid just under 10 minutes to even come over and acknowledge our group of 4 (even though we're sitting at the bar itself and compromise 1/3 of the entire crowd in the bar).  It took her another 5 minutes to bring us the simple draft beers we ordered.  We drank them, and our glasses sat empty for half an hour.  HALF AN HOUR.  I am not exaggerating.  Then we got up and walked over to the beer taps and stood in the direct sight line of the barmaid - where we continued to be ignored while she did various paperwork at the register, apparently organizing checks and receipts for another 10 minutes or so.

By now it's about 1:40am since we'd been waiting so long for our second drinks, and a man comes along and turns on the overhead lights.  AT THIS POINT the barmaid looks at us and says (where we're still standing), "Sorry, I can't serve you, it's after last call, he turned the lights on."  To be clear, she never made a last call.  I say this, and she exasperatedly tells me that she'll sell us one more beer.  That was really the most annoying part - to be just so incompetent at your job and then to act as though you're doing the customer a favor!

Our barmaid was a young girl with big, frizzy black  hair and kind of an overall 80s look.  I had hoped that it was a random occurrence, but apparently not since all the other reviews of this place agree on the horrible service.

Bottom line:  I won't be going back, and I advise you that there's no point in going here.  If the drinks were $1.50, maybe that would make up for it.  But there's no reason to pay an average price for terrible service at a place in the middle of nowhere.Ǿ
This place is great! We came to see a band and decided to get dinner before they started playing. They intended to play outside so we sat there for dinner. It started pouring so our wonderful server Megan moved us inside to eat, and then back outside again as soon as the rain passed. Overall the waitstaff has been very attentive - I have not been without a drink for more than 2 minutes since I got here. 

I ordered the Murphy's Classic Burger. It was huge and sooo, so good. I ordered it medium and I honestly wish I had take a picture of how perfectly cooked it was. Whichever cook is responsible for that perfect burger, thank you!! Their beer battered French fries are also fantastic, and we got an order of the cheese-filled pretzel bites - a unique appetizer that was even better than expected.

Overall I am very impressed with this place, especially given the poor rating I saw on here before coming. It seems like majority of the poor reviews are older, from 2013. Trust me give this place a shot you will not be disappointed.Ǿ
We bought a groupon or one of the other 1/2 price deals for Murphys. We got there at about noon on a Sunday. When we walked in the place stunk of smoke and was prettty much empty. We both had burgers and they were pretty good, nothing special just your normal bar food burger.

The problem with this place is that it still looks like a strip club inside. The marble, the pillars, the lighting, everything says dirty whores where here. For that reason only I'm not sure I could go back there to eat. It's the type of place where you walk in and kinda feel dirty from the time you walk in the door.Ǿ
I am reviewing this as a bar. They have a great selection of reasonably priced, cold, draft beer.  The patio is amazing. The place is clean and well maintains.  The servers are friendly and attentive. The pub-food I've ordered has been fine. Nothing amazing, but just what you'd expect.  I will go often.Ǿ
If I could leave stars blank I would!!!! This place was gross, don't get me wrong great server n food was good for bar food. But after finding a fruit fly in a beer I was grossed out. I asked for the beer to be removed from my tab, the manager would not allow it. she made us pay for it!!! I don't complain much as my perffesion is a general manager in the food industry. We even killed two more at our table before she came to speak to us. Her excuse was that it's the end of summer and this happens. TODAY IS DECEMBER 5TH in Ohio.  never been so offended in intellegence and sheer customer service. Will never go back. They gave me a cup of bugs and told me to deal with it wow.Ǿ
Horrible service. Not too friendly atmosphere to other cultures. Food is sub par. Don't waste your gas money.Ǿ
My coworkers go there a lot for lunch so I thought I'd have them bring me back some food one day to try it out.  After reading the online reviews, I didn't have high hopes.  I ordered the buffalo chicken salad as a takeout item, so I was happy to receive it with warm chicken and warm fried banana peppers and cold ranch dressing.  The chicken pieces were seasoned and pretty big,  and there was fresh cucumber, tomato and celery chopped inside.  Blue cheese chunks were tasty.  They packaged the buffalo and ranch in small containers, aside from the lettuce so that was a nice touch.  Can't vouch for the actual restaurant and it's atmosphere, but the takeout lunch was good.Ǿ
Very friendly people with delicious beer and whatnots. Our table has three servers, which is nice.

The happy hour makes no sense, though. $2 domestic pints does not include most domestics. That's wack.Ǿ
I had been there two times before, about a year ago and at that time, the food was good.  I met with a friend on Thursday @ 11:30 for lunch.  Only one other diner there.  My friend ordered wings and was very happy with them.  I ordered a prime rib sandwich with rice pilaf as the side.  The rice the waitress brought me was just a bowl of white rice and  called it pilaf.  My sandwich was horrible.  The bread was old and dry and the meat was rubbery.  To use up my Groupon, I ordered Rueben egg rolls to go. Also horrible - mainly doughy with just a hint of sauerkraut.. I would have complained but being on a lunch break from work didn't allow for the extra time, to fix the order..Ǿ
Wow...expected more from barley house.  Apps just bad. got chips and dip..dip was like soup and no taste.  The other app...chips very stale!  I ordered so burger..well over cooked is an understatement my favorite part was the skin from the onion, on my sandwich and the completely under cooked fries I paid extra for.  Will not be back...oh did I mention the room temp beer...yumǾ
Definitely not a nine dollar burger....The black and blue burger was coated with a quarter inch of seasoning.  So salty ill be retaining water for a week!  Not really a pub, more of a cross between a sports bar and a dance club.  I give it another year.Ǿ
This is a solid three star joint.  You will enjoy your visit much more if you don't expect prompt and attentive service.  Basically what i am saying is.. Lower your expectations and it wont bother you. Upon entering we were greeted with the appetizing odor of .. Varnish. Apparently they had experienced and issue that needed immediate repair... The entrance is rather unique in that there is a HUGE bar area, and then a pretty large dance floor right there as you come in. I did notice they removed the poles from the previous establishment, which was a good idea because it lends more to family without the VIP stage and shiny brass pole. 

The food was pretty good. We both looked at each other and decided we would come back. You just have to plan for a long visit. They have a fantastic outdoor patio, great looking bar that i may need to test drive in the future and its very spacious. Reasonable prices and a really nice menu. When i got the bill, i really felt good about my purchase. Who knows after a couple drinks.. maybe i will add a star. 

Sometimes i pass on 3 star reviews, you would be making a mistake if you did. This place is exactly that... A-OK. I cant wait to go again and maybe the varnish smell will be gone and the service will improve.Ǿ
I come here more often than I want to (to meet up with friends.) A very average place but they do have live music which I enjoy. The food, drinks, prices are average. Service is usually very good and the outdoor bar is nice.Ǿ
I got a half turkey club and half salad, she got the buffalo chicken salad, we split the hummus appetizer,  Sunday afternoon, place was clean, service was good, price was reasonable.   While we waited I yelped the place and saw one and two star reviews, so we got a little scared and critical.  We were pleasantly surprised and have only one complaint...our hostess did not give us the specials menu and drink selection but the server did apologize and quickly resolved the issue.Ǿ
It was Mother's Day.  Went for a ride, but where to stop for lunch that doesn't have a line out the door, and/or tons of screaming kids?
I know, Murphy's!   
No self-respecting dad would be caught dead taking the wife/mother here today. Yeah the only ones there will be bikers and folks with alcoholic mothers who think this is the place to go!  And we can get Irish food, like the Shepherd's Pie they feature on their website!
Well, the first thought was half-right.
There were actually a surprising  number of celebrating families here.  One party must have had 15 or more people in attendance. However, no wait was necessary.
It was lunch-time and as we went to the deck to be seated, we passed a very small, mediocre looking breakfast buffet, but we were shooting for the menu until the waitress shot us down.  They're not serving off the menu until after 4:00 PM.  And to add insult to injury, they haven't served Shepherd's Pie for two menu revisions, although "A lot of people inquire about it."
That may well be,  but after "enjoying" their breakfast buffet, I'm pretty certain that no one inquires as to it's whereabouts when it isn't sitting on the dance floor.
The single smallish carved out watermelon which presented their fruit pieces had cantaloupe and honey dew but no watermelon.  (I guess after they used the fruit of the one watermelon they went straight for the less expensive fare.)
During the first stop, there was a lot of bacon, and a lot of way-overcooked sausage links, (they actually audibly snapped like a carrot), dry scrambled eggs, french toast mini-slices, ( sugar-free syrup? Hell no),  very dry looking skillet potatoes, rolls of some kind, (not sweet rolls, just ....rolls), and an omelet station.
Shoulda held out for the omelet station... it took hot sauce AND ketchup to get the eggs to the point where one could swallow them.
When we went back up to see if they found any watermelon, the bacon was GONE inasmuch as it was the most edible item on the buffet, it was understandable.
Sooooo children, the management here serves a breakfast buffet that no one requests, and ignores the frequent inquiries about a dish more in keeping with their image, 
Stopping at Murphy's apparently activates Murphy's Law automatically!Ǿ
Typical bar food.  Typical mid-western beer selection.  Everybody is fake-baked like its a frigging competition or something.  Not Irish at all in my opinion.  Same cheeseballs that ya might find at the Barley House downtown except the ones here drive pickups and listen to Kenny Chesney.  Only reason its getting 3 stars is that it used to be Cleveland's PM strip club and if you close your eyes real tight you can still smell the stripper lotion and hear "Crazy Bitch" by Buckcherry playin..Ǿ
This place is a hole.  Came in once figuring we'd find good beer, a decent menu and an Irish pub feel.  You know the type; some dark wood around the bar, maybe a fireplace and some irish fiddle playing in the background.  Not even close.  We knew immediately that this place not for us because we had to walk past a bouncer AND a police officer to get through the door.  Terrible loud club music, at least one of the bartenders looked to have had a few herself and the place was littered with college age women dancing (badly) while a bunch of college age men stood at the bar drinking and ogling them.  This place feels like it was scooped up and transplanted here from downtown Kent circa 1999.  Change the name to Screwie Louies and be done with it.  This place had all the Irish Pub charm of a truck stop bathroom. Didn't even stay long enough to sample the menu or get a drink. Turned around and went somewhere else. Absolutely won't be back.Ǿ
The "famous" beer cheese soup is nacho cheese with a splash of beer zapped in the microwave. Absolutely terrible. I took it home to pour over some tortilla chips. Mediocre Tuscan chicken wrap. Ok service. Go someplace else.Ǿ
Went here for a fundraiser.  Bartender was watering down drinks, and extremely rude when questioned about it.  Buffet was very poor.  Had to ask a waitress 3 times to bring out more wings and pizza. 13 minutes from the last time she was asked before it finally came out. Pasta had almost no sauce on it, and it was cold. Wouldn't recommend this establishment to anyone, and will never come back here again.Ǿ
This place is ghetto!!! The service is slow, the food tastes ok but obviously from restaurant depot. $10 for a wilted salad and $6.50 for a kids grilled cheese hilarious!  I don't think this place will stay in business for much longer....still has a "stripper" feel to it.Ǿ
The food was tasty once they got it correct. I ordered straight from the menu and didn t change anything and they got it wrong. So they took it back and brought it out 10 minutes later with just the bun changed to correct it. Everything else was the same only the zapped the whole plate, pickle too, and brought that out now mushy. Plus, they upcharged us for the fries, which were now bad thanks to their error. NOT handicap friendly. Only have 1 handicap parking spot and no tables for wheelchairs. To get to the bars or outside, its at least 2 steps. Also the front doors don t let wheelchairs in because the lip to the door is inches to high. A lady who happened to be leaving had to help us in by holding a door and help to lift and push the wheelchair, as employees just stood around watching. The sandwich was tasty when it came out correct, but it took over 2 hours just for a burger. The waitress was nice, but spread out because we had the only table in the area due to a wheelchair.Ǿ
I can't think of a redeemable quality about this experience.

The hostess was rude and quite frankly, ignorant. After being told there was a 10 minute wait, we waited 45 minutes. We were finally seated right next to the outdoor patio on a below freezing night, and were freezing with our coats on all night.

The atmosphere: typical sports bar. Nothing special.

The food: we laughed after the server told us "Ok, your food will be right out." Rightfully so. We waited 2 hours from the moment we stepped in the door to get our burgers. I ordered a Wildfire burger. The patty was nothing more than a dried out frozen square piece of meat. There was no use complaining, as nobody that worked there seemed to care.

AVOID!