Un restaurant grec comme il n'en existe plus beaucoup. Tenu par un couple ayant du métier, vous découvrirez ici un restaurant aux apparences trompeuses. Les décors n'ont pas changé depuis les années soixante-dix, les menus non plus mais c'est très bon, excellent même ! C'est le genre de petit restaurant qu'on adore découvrir et fréquenter régulièrement car ça tient la route et les propriétaires sont très sympathiques !笑
This place is just insanity. You'll always leave with a story about a crazy (but) nice guy on the patio. Meat on a stick with fries ($4.75) is surprisingly good.

$14.95 a pitcher (tax in).笑
This place looks super sketch from the outside and even from the bar, but just keep going--the back patio is the perfect Toronto summer hangout, with $5 pints, cheap snacks, and tons of people (at least the night I was there).  The food is serviceable but tasty (the wings are great!) and at night, the string lights and table candles out back make for a lovely intimate drinking venue.笑
When you're looking for a humid backyard garage to fill with your friends, look no further than Menamenah.

Through the diner-like restaurant with the best neon signs and whatchemecallits you've ever seen, out the unmarked back door to your own personal paradise.

What do they serve in paradise? Reasonably priced beer, cheap cocktails (a shockingly large list of $5.75 two ounce drinks) and great meat suppers. 

Pork or chicken on a stick solo is only $2.75, and it actually comes with some bread. Great marinade for soaking up. It's 7:30am and I want it again right now.笑
Menalon, a narnia of sorts.  A bar/resto that if you live west of christie Pitts and east of ossington you've tried to make it your local spot.  Chris the owner, the man with the mightiest of staches will serve you with a stern "hey buddy" with the same ethuisasm as he gives to the scary dudes at the bar.  You'll find a mix of 20-30 something's getting drunk/ordering flaming cheese(you should too) and people that I could only describe as non recreational drug users.

I've had a lot of fun there, but also been legit scared.   Exciting?

1 star for the moustache that keeps it all together 
1 star for cheese on fire.. just do it

Patio's nice too, live a lil try it out笑
Great restaurant with a friendly staff and a great Terrassa

You have to try the flaming cheese笑
Menalon Bar and Grill Restaurant is one of those dive places that you love with all your heart. About a three minute walk from my door is this very greasy and very Greek tavern/eatery that I have frequented enough times to truly give it the star power it deserves!

   Owned and operated by a very pleasant and very Greek couple, Menalon is the perfect place to get a cheap and tasty meal. My personal favourite, and least of the greasy dishes, is the souvlaki with rice and veggies (again, typically Greek here). It is the MUST at Menalon.

 This restaurant is great in so many ways. The outdoor patio facing Bloor street where you can smoke and drink and breath in exhaust fumes; the indoor decor that epitomizes cheesiness and early 1990s sport memorabilia, the wicked juke box, and the backyard outdoor eating area!

  This is the prime spot at Menalon (much better than the duskiness and mustiness inside). You sit within a wired cage, on plastic chairs and you almost feel like you're sitting inside a car port if it weren't for the salt and pepper shakers on the plastic tables. Actually, it is a car port turned into a back patio of a restaurant!

  Ok, so Menalon isn't a beaut. It's a cheesy, dark and no-frills kind of place that locals (like me) love and new comers are turned on by the fast grub and decent prices. I've noticed a "Waitress Needed" sign in their window for the past three years, and have seen Mr. Menalon (not his real name) work there every single time I've gone in at any time of day or night. Here's thinking that he's either a perfectionist or a tyrant, or both, but he's pretty much the only person there, working as host, chef, and watier!

 Menalon is located on the south side of Bloor at the corner of Shaw street and is one of the best grimy places in the area!