First time here with my family and we absolutely LOVED it! Food is amazing and the cooks are unbelievably fast. 110% satisfied!笑
Real delicious. Best mexican food ive had in vegas. I had pozale and it was very flavorful. Chunks of meat & very much reminded me of my moms. The tacos were good to & the place was packed.笑
Food is great. Been coming here since I was 6 years old. One of the best place to get tacos and other good food笑
I tried pozole. It was so good! This place is very busy!! Will definetly come back for pozole. :)笑
I've tried several items on the menu, Pozole, cemita, birria but my personal favorite is the Lengua burrito. This is the only place I eat it because they know how to prepare  the meat right. The food is amazing and as close as it gets to REAL Mexican Food. We've been coming here for years and the flavor hasn't change a bit. They used to be cash only but now they also take credit cards! I forgot my phone here and I thought I lost it, almost 2 weeks later we came back and they gave it to me. We are regulars and they knew we'd  come back.笑
The highlight of my journey to Tacos El Compita was definitely the atmosphere. As I opened the door, I was greeted by 115dBs of Mexican tunes, brightly painted walls including a depiction of Jesus and the Virgin Mary, a man selling knockoff movies, a horchata machine and a cooler filled with paletas. I was transported south of the border. Directly behind the counter, you could spy their huge grill with flames shooting out from beneath simmering pots."Nice," I thought. "Bring on the tacos!"  

I ordered a taco plate with one pollo, 3 pastor and one carnitas and awaited a taco symphony. The tacos were definitely cheap, like $1.25/taco, and unfortunately, for me, the quality of the taco reflected the price tag. I found the meat to be of low quality, and the toppings to be meager. The flavor profiles were disappointing as well. I love a street taco that tastes as if it is straight off the grill; here, they tasted like they were just reheated. And, I left with the mediocre-quality belly ache. I decided the only remedy was a bike ride. 

As we were leaving, I noticed a lot of people who appeared to be regulars were ordering the soups, so perhaps that's the jam here, but the tacos disappointed me.笑
Open at 8am, it's Sunday morning and we are craving tacos!  We're one of the first few in the door, and ready for some good food.   It was ready pretty quick, we got a couple of tacos and a quesadilla.  The taco's are one of each, pastor, and lengua, or tongue, and very good, the meat is seasoned very well, and it's tender.  With the added chopped onion and cilantro, it gets even better.

The quesadilla is asada, very tender, smothered with cheese and very gooey.  I absolute love this place.笑
Great carne asada tacos & burritos.I've been coming here for over 10 years & never been disappointed笑
Love this place,  hole in the wall restaurant with delicious food. I have yet to be disappointed with their food. On Fridays only, they have Fish Tacos, yum yum.. Prices are super cheap, good quality, burritos are huge...笑
My favorite place to eat tacos, mulitas, burritos! the food is amazing. the salsa delicious. worth the visit. the price compared to other taco places is way cheaper!笑
They have Mulitas!!! And the Asada tacos were tasty!! I found this place cuz of yelp and I will definetely be going back to this place. And there's a pan dulce shop next door.笑
I eat at this place entirely too often. This place is not some fancy sit-down restaurant, instead it's almost like Mexican fast food. The only difference is they don't sacrifice quality, and I would say it's one of my favorite Mexican places in the valley. You can't beat their burritos or mulitas.笑
My favorite taco place!!!! Reminds me of LA tacos.
The tacos are fresh!! And they make it right on the spot!. They finally take credit cards but its a 50cent charge. But still love them!笑
I wanted to try this place for the Caldo de Res. My favorite soup south of the border. 

I pretty much order this all the time at my favorite Lindo Michoacan. 

We had the Caldo as well as the number 8 with Carnitas. 

The Caldo was good. The meat was tender enough and the tortillas very hot. I just prefer the meat to be on the bone and it wasn't. The onions and accompaniments were just fine for us. 

The broth was very simple and delicious overall. 

I think that using plastic bowls, thin paper plates and plastic throw away spoons kind of affected  my thinking of this place and I don't feel the food was that fantastic to overcome this. It is hard to eat soup with chunks of meat and vegetables using a small plastic spoon. 

GK says come here for the food.笑
Definitely worthy of five stars. So flavorful, very reasonably priced and fast service. We got the 5 mini taco plate and quickly devoured them. So good, the carnitas were just dripping with flavor. The chicken tacos were the good chicken, not the processed strip things some places have. We ended up ordering 5 more tacos and bringing a few home for family, that's how good they are. Go check them out!笑
Religious murals, a candle-laden Catholic altar and arcade games coexisting in the dining room, and tacos. This place is... well, all over the place.

THE GOOD NEWS: they're no longer cash only and accept credit with a 50-cent processing fee. There's also an ATM in the dining room. There's a panaderia next door and a paleteria further down the strip center to continue your Mexicano dining adventure!

THE NOT-SO-GOOD NEWS: Apparently prices have gone up from most of the ones posted on these reviews. Tacos are $1.25-$1.50 each, my two-taco take-out order was basically $3. But when I opened the bag at home, there was a foil packet roughly the size of a slice of cheese. I wondered how they could have given me the wrong order, given that I was one of only two orders at the time.

THE REALITY: My two tacos were both mini-tacos, and the condiment container of grilled onions I'd grabbed at the salsa bar seemed to dwarf the actual tacos. I know street tacos are on corn tortillas and run a smidge smaller at traditional places than, say, Taco Bell or Del Taco, but these were absurdly small.
Similarly-priced tacos at Tacos Gil or the guys on Decatur are all easily twice the size of what I received here. Key words: similarly-priced. 

That being said, the lengua taco is fairly good and I liked the mild salsa verde, but the asada was lacking and overpowered by the ranchero-style sauce included when you ask for "everything on it". 

THE VERDICT: Disappointing. For tacos, anyway. Maybe I'll go Jade's route and try the soup next time.

Side note: also watch out for the guy in the parking lot with a bottle of Windex. He'll spray down your vehicle while you're inside, unprompted, then expect payment afterward.笑
DELICIOUS! finally got the chance to come and check this place out. they have since increased the price of the tacos from $1.05 to $1.11. who cares though? because thats still HELLA cheap! 4 tacos fro $4.80...amazing. i ordered 2 asada, 1 carnitas, and 1 pollo...i wasn't brave enough to try the lengua even though it got good reviews. =P super quick service.笑
Short: Good, but can be better. 

Long: Went here for lunch. Ordered three beef tacos. They're the typical three inch tacos with meat, salsa and sauce on top--at $1.25 each, it's quite the average deal. While everything was good, my main problem is that nothing blew me away and makes me beg to go back there. There taco trucks that are a lot better in the area, like 702Tacos down the road that blow me away. 

Go here if you want to eat good tacos inside and with a salsa bar. Otherwise, visit a taco truck--there's several in the area.笑
Had chilaquiles verdes. Very very tasty and well presented and prepared. When i walked it the smell was fantastic笑
I LOOOOVVVVEEE this place.  Granted, no one speaks English there, but that's how you know they are for real!!! 

I have tried their menudo there, and it is pretty decent, and by that, I mean it is greasy enough!  My favorite is the lengua (tongue).  I'll have it either in tacos or mulitas.  

Another thing to love about Tacos El Compita is that they are FAST.  We would order 15 tacos, and it would be ready in 5 minutes.  The kitchen is an open kitchen and it is right there, so you can see everything for cleaniness and what not.  

One downside is that it is a cash-only "cafeteria" so be prepared; otherwise, you'll be stuck with a $3 fee for using their ATM inside. 

Go there!!笑
This is the number one spot in town! Real Mexican food as authentic as it gets. They have mastered the basics and so much more. With 3 amazing locations all over the valley. These restaurants have been giving back to the  community for years! Check out the teams they've sponsored. Be sure to check them all out! A true family favorite!笑
The food is top notch authentic Mexican street food, delicious and fairly priced. The red salsa was incredible. The atmosphere isn't glamorous, but it was clean. My wife and I were both very happy diners, we saw the great reviews on Yelp and were hoping they were accurate. They are. Definitely worth visiting.笑
This place is a total hole in the wall haven. Their tacos al pastor are SO good!! I also ordered a burrito al pastor. The meat had so much flavor!! This place is authentic, flavorful, and has friendly employees. And, they have really good prices!! A burrito, 2 tacos, and a soda all for like $8 total!!笑
Just visited this place last weekend and if you read my review of Tacos El Compita #2 then you will know that this is THE BEST place for good ass hood style mexican food - taste so good make you wanna slap the bum at the chicken shack! The carne asada is the business here! No matter if you get it in a burrito, taco, or mulita, it's all good! Don't forget your Mexican Coke!笑
This food here is honestly some of the best food I've gotten out of these little mom and pop taco shops in Vegas ever!  The carne asada is perfectly seasoned and not over salted and the salsa is thick and flavorful, unlike the watered down salsa on the salsa bars you find in other places.  Everything I've eaten here has been amazing!!笑
Oh I was craving tacos! The thought of biting into a delicous taco with all the fixings had me drooling around yelp trying to find a place near me with grand tacos.  I found NOTHING through the search of "tacos" (which I indeed laughed at because as we all know its the first e.g of what to search for..) All I found was Robertos, and Lindo whatever. I was looking for something that would ease my craving for tacos, not just disappoint me with sorry excuses for tacos...

LUCKY I came across Misti's thread "Taco Time" http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-taco-time

Shes trying to find taco shops for a taco crawl....the first place I saw someone suggest was Tacos El Compita....so I threw it in the search bar and thought, "Oooohh yes."

This place has some killer tacos. Every bite got me excited for the next. I'm a little sorry when it comes to spiciness so I stuck with the salsa it had on top, which was perfect for me. They, of course, have different salsas and all the other goodies at a bar.
I ordered the 5 tacos for $5.25. Two lenguas, two carnitas, and 1 pollo. Friggin BOMB. 

When that damn Mexican demon craving comes back, I'll know how to put it in its place.  Their tacos are delish. Can't wait to try more!笑
This place has a C from the health department! And you know what I don't give a fuck it's amazing! It's always busy the meat is fresh I love this spot!笑
You have to order the carne asada burrito it's amazing. And they only take cash but there is an ATM inside in case you need it. My daughter was a little disturbed by the bleeding Jesus mural in the wall.笑
Coming from California you hope other states have Mexican food as good or better than Cali!  This place is legit!  Great food for a great price!笑
This place is a nice hole in the wall taco shop, I'm still partial to my taco place but this place is my stop when I want lunch while working. A co-worker introduced me to them and on an occasional taco Tuesday I'll stop by get el pastor. The meat is well flavored and their red sauce is just right.笑
My 100th review is a tribute to "street food" - Tacos El Compita is in a strip center, and was fast and authentic.  We were limited on cash (forgot it was cash only in other reviews), but scraped together enough for a 5-taco plate (I got the juicy tongue/lengua, and the boy had 2 beef, 1 carnitas and 1 pollo), a side of sliced avocado, and 1 Mexican coke (bf only drinks h2o).  The food was fast, the salsa bar very nice (radishes, whole raw jalepenos, pico, onions and cilantro, very spicy salsas - loved the green especially).  The tacos had onions and salsa on them, and my poor bf doesn't do spicy food too well, so he got the avocado to cool him down while I was dipping it in the green sauce!

This place is cheap and yummy, a solid bet.  I would definitely return when I have cash.  The salsa bar had cups with lids so if we hadn't been on our way to Popcorn Girl, I would've taken some green salsa home!  I ate only one taco due to our limited budget and the bf's big appetite, but next time I may try a torta (highly recommended by the lady in front of us).  The guy sitting right behind me was selling pirated CDs and peliculas :)  No one seemed to bite every time they walked in and he called CDs! Peliculas!  CDs! Peliculas!

The best part was watching my bf go to his car to get change and count out quarters and dimes to buy me the Mexican coke :)笑
Absolutely delicious.  Ordered the 5 tacos for $6.95 or something like that and they were amazing (two pork three steak).  There is a salsa and hot sauce bar for you to add everything you would like on your tacos.  The food was affordable and service was very very quick.  Must try this place!笑
Pretty good food staff is nice. Could use a bit of janitorial work but other than that you can almost taste Mexico lol笑
I have found my home for street tacos ($1.43+tax) and tortas ($6.69+tax) The meat here is simple and delicious. No frills, just "con todo" - which on a Torta is buttered bread,chopped iceberg lettuce, tomato, and avocado. I've tried so many places that this the best of the best when it comes to replacing LA street tacos, burritos, tortas, and mulitas. 

Grungy location in a run down Mexican plaza (behind Farm Basket).笑
Never Fails! Every time I come here I get excellent service, they are friendly, fast, and I would come eat here everyday until I die lol! My office always orders big meals from here and when they say 20 minutes, they really mean 10min..food is made to perfection...there are no words to describe this place! This place is too legit!笑
Thank goodness for fellow yelpers that give recommendations in comment boxes. I was reading reviews for a different Mexican joint (as I've been on a search for authentic food) and was about to settle on going to that place when I saw someone say that this place had the best tacos in Vegas and was extremely authentic. So my fiance and I went there and were given slightly quizzical looks (as we were the only asians in the restaurant) but nonetheless the cashier was friendly and the place smelled sooo good. 

We had planned on only getting tacos but after looking at the menu and smelling the goodness coming from the kitchen, we decided to also order a combo burrito and pork with verde sauce. Everything was good, even the rice and beans. The only complaint is that the pork w/green sauce was really fatty which is typical of authentic Mexican spots so I picked the fat out. We are so happy to have found this hidden gem!!笑
I was looking for a place close to home that serves street tacos,  but not the taco wagon, which is great but we needed a sit down place.  I found this place on yelp,  so we checked it out.  We have been there twice now. The tacos plate is awesome and the employees are super nice. My husband had a burrito and this last time the quesadilla. He raved about how good it was. The horchata is very good also. 
We topped it off with dessert from the bakery next door. To die for!笑
Multias de asada are delicious! We will be here often. Sevier was quick and friendly!!!!!笑
Booooooooyyy. Anything off this menu is like 17 flame emojis. My top 2's are the Cemita de milanesa and the carne asafa burrito. Place is always packed. Shoutout their red sauce.笑
With all the recent Yelp talk about a taco crawl, I was craving tacos more than usual. So I decided to hit up El Compita during my lunch break. I didn't have a lot of time so I had to grab and go. It was crowded during lunch and I was the only non-latino/hispanic person in there. That's always a good sign that the place is "authentic" and good. I was too intimidated to order in my broken Spanish, so I just ordered in English and the guy behind the counter smiled. It was probably the only English he heard all morning.

I got an order of 4 tacos (2 carnitas, 1 asada, 1 pastor). Each taco was $1.05. Despite the crowd my order was up in about 10 minutes and the guy behind the counter was nice enough to tell me in English that my order was ready. Everything was good, but I still have to rank Los Parados and La Mexicana ahead of this place. The carnitas here are good, but the asada just doesn't come close to what you can get at the other two places. The pastor was decent, but my least favorite of what I tried. It just wasn't as tender as other places. But, it did have a lot of heat -- at least for me. I can't handle really spicy foods, so while it was spicy to me it's probably mild to most people. Ten minutes after I was done eating I could still feel the heat on my tongue. I had to wash it down with a few glasses of water.

There was a guy selling CD's and movies from one of the tables. He had a huge box full. It may have been the same guy that Lisa mentioned in her review, but the guy was quiet and low-key about pitching his stuff. 

3.5 stars.笑
Authentic food. Good sized portions, very tasty! The temperature inside was really warm.  Almost enough to make me want to get the food to go. Fast service and a friendly staff plus low prices makes this place worth a second trip. .笑
Hands down the best Mexican food in Vegas everything I've had so far is amazing love tacos burritos you name it but since there the best always alil busy笑
I love the tacos here! They are so amazing and taste authentic. There are a lot of authentic taco places around but this one takes the cake for me! I always go there in between classes at CSN just to keep me going through the day. They are addicting and I highly recommend their tacos! Great price for great quality!笑
Let me start off by saying this; I am a Mexican food freak. If I could only eat Mexican food for the resting my life, I would die happy. This place is the best I have found in Vegas so far. The people working there are nice, but most importantly their food is amazing. Good tacos, burritos and their chili verde is awesome. This is my go to place. The thing that stands out the most is the green salsa at the salsa bar, it is to die for. Love this place, I'm a huge fan!笑
Everything was excellent about this restaurant. The service was very friendly and helpful. We had a party of 15 and even though it's a small place they moved tables around so that we could all eat together. We ordered a variety of food and everything was delicious! Tacos, menudo, birria, torta, and burritos. We are definitely going to be back here whenever we're in town.笑
4.5 stars

FINALLY!!!!   I've found real Mexican food in Las Vegas!  I've been searching for over 4 years.  It's been an emotional roller coaster of getting my hopes up only to be disappointed time and time again.  Growing up in Southern California I guess I have high standards.  But no more let downs, my search is ended.

This place is no joke.  It's as good if not better than many of the taco trucks I've eaten at in L.A.

They serve the best, most perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned tripas.  

The buche was awesome - tender and juicy.  

Carnitas - not tex mex crap - this is the real deal.  Like southern pulled pork.

Cabeza was great, the carne asada solid, the al pastor was up there.

I've had better tortillas but I'm not complaining - these worked.

The food was so delicioso it actually brought a little tear to my eye.  

And talk about cheap eats.  Tacos are like a buck each.  Be sure not to order more than 2 or 3 tacos per person at a time - they're best served hot off the grill.  You can always go back to the counter and order again, and again, and again....

And be sure to throw a five spot in their tip jar, they deserve it.

(photos submitted)笑
This restaurant is so unique whenever they're out of cup holders they give you a huge box. I loved it. The food is great too, had mulas de asada y lengua yummmy笑
Asada Burrito, add cheese. Legit! Sometimes my burrito is hotter than others so you might want to ask for no salsa, and grab your own from the salsa bar.笑
holy moley. it hasnt been since my treks out to tj have i found tacos this amazing.

the meat. moist and fatty, but not too fatty. just the right amount of fatty

the tortilla. surprisingly subtle

the salsa bar. oh holy salsa bar. one of the best hot sauces ive had a chance to taste. giant jalapenos. radish, fresh onion, cilantro, lemon. and the pickled onion...i would make the 4 hour drive from so cal to lv just for those pickled onions, whose hotness factor can pwn even the most experienced of taste buds.

must return one day for their soups, which you will often see mexican locals slurping down just about every time you visit. 

and the sinker? the workers only speak spanish. how much more awesome can that get? its like walking through tj all over again..笑
Ordered camaron agridulce, mole poblano & chile verde. They were always so good!!! Try their caldo de res esp on a cold day, it never disappoints. I see most people order the pozole; I'm not a fan of tripe but they seem to be enjoying it. Maybe I'll try it next time.
Also, the restaurant has started accepting credit cards--- that's a big plus.笑
my kids love the quesadillas here and we love the al pastor. the caldo de rez is also very good and hearty for when you are sick or in the mood for a good soup. kind of hole in the wall but prices are reasonable and food is amazing. can't ask for more.笑
My favorite mexican food in Las Vegas! Every time I come into town I make a stop here two or three times, depending on how long I'm in town. It is so good and tastes like home. The tortas are my favorite. Try this place if you get the opportunity. You won't be disappointed笑
The best burritos in vegas love this place. Mulitas, menudo well everything on the menu is so delicious everyone that works here are very nice笑
Absolutely worth the drive!!!  The mulitas are absolutely awsome!  Best tortillas.  I'll be back笑
Love this place! If you're looking for some real authentic Mexican food this is the place, very small and crowded but it's so good I don't mind just taking it home笑
I'm honestly surprised at how much I like this place. Tacos el Compita has surpassed my expectations in every way. From the outside, it doesn't look like much. It's right behind a car shop amongst other businesses that seemed out of place. Going in, it doesn't look like much either. The walls are adorned with figures and paintings of Catholicism and Mexican culture. The furniture, the walls, and the floor shows signs of aging. Overall, the place doesn't look like much.

The food shines through all of this. It is amazing. I've always been a huge taco fan and this is my go to taco spot. In my opinion, Tacos el Compita is better than Tacos el Gordo any day. There is usually no line to order, minimal wait time, and the price is such a bargain! They have a five taco plate for less than $8! My go to tacos are the lengua and tripa. The carnitas are pretty damn good too.

Overall, fantastic food for a bargain! I highly recommend for taco lovers!笑
The Ricas Cemita is the best sandwich in Las Vegas. Tender carnitas, Oaxacan cheese, a roasted pepper on a hot sesame roll makes this my favorite Mexican restaurant. They also have good tacos al carbon and de carnitas. Skip the fountain drinks and go straight to the refrigerator by the door for Mexican cokes.笑
Now when ever I get that craving for some real tacos... there is a place to go.  This place makes the best tacos I've had in vegas...  The tacos are just as good as the tacos from the taco trucks in L.A.

The only drawback to this place is that they don't open late ( sign in the window showed they close at 8pm) and it's cash only.

So if you're going to go ( and I highly recommend it), don't go late and hit the ATM before you go...笑
The food is fantastic. But what ruined the experience for us was the amount of people  crammed inside, the number of running, screaming children, the uncomfortable religious portraits of a suffering Jesus, and the absolute dirtiness of the restaurant. 

The food was great, nonetheless. The menudo was menudo, which is usually decent, and the chicken mole was immensely flavorful. The mole was sweet, the chicken was moist, and the plate itself was literally overflowing with the amount that they generously lumped on. You could taste the chile clearly, as though it'd been slow cooked.

My fiancé ordered five asada tacos. The meat had a nice charred flavor and was the perfect texture. Unlike most places, it wasn't dry. 

Despite the wonderful food, which should have earned a five star, I'm afraid that the ambiance and the clientele just pulled this so far down. People kept staring at us...one man in particular. It was odd. There was so much yelling going on from both the customers and the kitchen that I could barely hear myself think. The floors were disgusting, to be blunt. The tables were not clean; I watched a bowl of old, half-finished menudo sit on a table the entire time were we there. There was no horchata (what I'd hoped for most) and there was no posole (also what I'd come for, but the menudo was alright). 

The Jesus portrait. I wish I could have sat across the room to avoid the somber, condemning stare. I don't mind religion, because that's an owner expressing themselves and their beliefs...but he was crying, bloody, mouth hanging open, and staring directly at us. Damn. Guadalupe's alter was fine. Like I said, I usually don't mind. 

The children's prize machines were just gross. I don't think they have been cleaned in years. And the children around them were pretty calm compared to the ones being forced to sit down and eat. This resulted in screaming. Wonderful. 

Service was alright. The woman at the front was pretty okay - nothing severely noticeable. But she was pretty busy, so I can't say anything negative. The total was a little much for what we ordered. Nowhere near as inexpensive as I'd assumed based upon other reviews. Taking a five minute drive over to Sweet Tomatoes or, hell, even Robert's would have cost less. The mole was definitely worth the cost, everything else was pretty "meh". 

If it'd been clean, I don't think the Jesus portrait, nor the costs, would have bothered us much. But honestly, and personally, cleanliness is almost as important as the food. Definitely would have rated it five stars for such awesome authentic cuisine.笑
So good!!! My new favorite taco stop!! Had the chicken tacos, the quality of the meat was excellent, flavor was perfect! Also tried the beef, it was very good, and not chewy either like a lot of other places can be. Excellent food!笑
4 1/2 stars is way too high for this taqueria. The meat is pre-cooked, stored in metal bins, and slapped into tortillas versus being hot and cooked fresh like many of it's competitors.

The carnitas lacked flavor and character. The carne asada was decent but nothing outstanding.

The best authentic tacos I've had in Las Vegas are at Tacos el Gordo but this would do in a pinch if you're starving for tacos and close by.笑
When I asked my Mexican neighbor where he loves to eat at he responded "I may not know a lot of different foods but the one thing I do know is good Mexican food and El Compita is the best".  I have to agree.  If you want the best Carne Asada or Barbeque Pork Tacos in Vegas this is the place.  There Carne Asade Burritos are amazing and although I don't eat a lot of other stuff the other items seem super popular, especially the Tortas and Sopas. The green and red salsa is amazing and by far the best I have ever had anywhere.  I also love their marinated onions with Habanero and the pico de gallo in their salsa bar.  I have now eaten here over a hundred times and have never experienced even one bad meal.  Once you have eaten here twice you will be addicted forever.  Enjoy!笑
For me this is authentic Mexican fast food, but then I am a white girl from the Midwest. Every so often I get a craving for Tacos El Compita. My husband and I make the trek there and order so much food - several tacos, a quesadilla, a huge torta, etc. It is so good. And then I ultimately get sick a few hours after I eat. I swear I won't go there again until a month later when I get the craving again.笑
Loved this place! I stopped at Tacos El Compita for lunch driving from the strip to red rock and I'm so glad I did. I had the torta de carnitas and it was delicious- tasty, well-seasoned meat and with lettuce, tomato and avocado stuffed in toasty bread. Great flavor! If you're looking for quick, authentic mexican comfort food, definitely give this place a try.笑
This is where the Mexicans come to eat. Hands down the best tacos and tortas in Las Vegas. Im not a big man but when I come here I eat like one. Everytime I come here I eat four tacos 2 Chicken 2 Carne and a torta, the best in town. absolutely love this place笑
We had the al pastor taco , tongue taco and carne asada quesadilla . The al pastor taco was very good, the best al pastor I've had yet.
        Carne  asada quesadilla  good grilled flavor and tender .    The tongue taco was very tender and moist but lacked flavor , maybe some seasoning would make it perfect, with the well stocked  condiment bar( salsas, jalapeño , diced onion and cilantro and lime ) making your food taste the way you want it is not a problem . 
       Like a previous yelper said they call out your order # in Spanish and I figured no problem ,I can count to 10 in Spanish and since the restaurant  just opened and we were customer dos no problemo, wrong your # is your receipt # and it's five digits so I can see the problem if you don't speak Spanish . Food is cheap and very good my kind of place.笑
As a California native this place definitely hit the spot. Got the carne asada quesadilla and chicken tacos. Nice that they're not stingy with salsa and you can load up a paper plate with their salsa bar :)笑
The place to go for authentic tacos but the mulitas are truly the star of the show!!!  It's worth it to go a bit out of your way for this place. On you way out, grab some pan dulce next door, you'll be pleased!!!笑
Coworkers introduced me to this place.  The food is really good.  Not that I would know, but seems authentic Mexican.  (Taco Bell does not have beef tongue soup on the menu.)  I usually get the quesadilla and wash it down with a horchata.  The quesadilla is thick and flavorful.  Lots of cheese and meat.  I have also had a couple of their sandwiches, but cannot remember their name.  There is a hot sauce bar with pickled onions and hot peppers.  I recommend the onions, they are spicy hot.  Free refills on the drinks.  Me and my coworkers are usually the only non-hispanics in the joint.  Beware: when your food is ready they will call your number in Spanish.  Menu is inexpensive.  Food and atmosphere are not high society, but I sure enjoy my visits there.  Be sure to save room for dessert.  There is a fantastic Mexican bakery next door with delicious pastries at a super cheap price.笑
$1.25 for tacos! Authentic, cheap, and crowded! I might try the seafood soup next time. This will be my go-to down home authentic Mexican spot moving forward.笑
The hole in the hole in the wall taco shop, but I haven't had better authentic tacos, pozole, or menudo anywhere else! Come here for lunch, and you'll see what I mean!笑
While I think the cabeza here is on point, this visit some of the meats were a bit fatty and gristly compared to my last review. It was more noticeable in my MILs pastor torta and she's more of a "taster" taking small bites so she had to pick at hers. 

I still thought the flavor was good on their meats, but just a noticeable difference in quality with the pastor mostly. The lengua, cabeza ones I ordered were fine. Everything came out piping hot and fresh though. I noticed a few reviews that's touted this fatty gristle from the past so perhaps it's inconsistent with trimming.  This is just my second time so not exactly sure if there are more good days than bad. Pick out the bites you don't like? 

I noticed a ton of people on this day were ordering various soups. Caldo de res seemed the most popular so I might come back for that. I saw on the menu menudo, caldo camerones and birria as well. I went on a weekend and most places serve that stuff on a weekend only so I am not sure if this is a all week item as I didnt really pay the most attention to the wall menu closely.

It may be tacos el Compita but it seems that the Hispanic community seems to go caldo route. I'll come back and follow what everyone else is ordering next time.笑
First time here and BEST FRICKEN TACOS! If your looking for some great mexican food this is the place.笑
tacos el compita is hands down the best motherfucking street taco place in las vegas.  this place is perfect if youre a broke-ass like me.  prices are good and not ridiculously overpriced like some other dickholes in town are charging.  $5.25 will get you 5 delicious ass tacos.  they dont skimp on meat either, assuming you even make it past the 5th taco youll still have pieces of meat that fell out on your plate so make sure you grab some extra pico de gallo and a spoon.  and if youre a fatass you can add more tacos for a $1.05 a piece.  carne asada is my favorite there, but the lengua is great as well.  before you go learn how to count in spanish or take a spanish speaking friend because they wont be calling your number out in english.  they have some other stuff on the menu like soups, burritos, and tortas which are also amazing but the tacos are the best.  oh yeah and make sure you tip because those dudes work hard.  and another thing: if youre planning on going to the tacos el compita on westcliff, DONT. do yourself a favor and just take your ass on down a little ways more to the charleston and jones location.  the guys at the westcliff location are noobs and it shows in the food.  orginal location is where the pros are at.笑
Authentic Mexican food that certainly has its flaws. Their food tastes good overall but they don't freshly cook their meats. Instead, all their meats are already cooked so you won't be getting the fresh tender Mexican meat that you want in your orders. If they changed that, this rating will easily see itself at the maximum of 5 stars. All the other contents of your standard Mexican burrito or taco is very well made and delicious. But it's more difficult to master such things as cilantro and onions. However, it's the meat that makes the difference. Oh and cash only. This is the digital age. El Compita needs to keep up with the digital emergence.笑
Been coming here for years. Across from the community college. Tacos are extremely tasty and very reasonably priced.笑
I don't ever write reviews but this place definitely deserves it. My boyfriend and I each got the 5 taco plate with a variety of meats...needless to say, it was absolutely amazing!! The tacos are loaded with meat, and topped with onions, cilantro and hot sauce. You definitely get more than what you pay for.笑
Quesa, carne burrito, pollo asado torts, very good. Excellent sides for free also. The place is clean, not really visible from the street, go behind the car wash/ gas station. Looks and tastes authentic. Limes and jalepenos are a great compliment.笑
If you want some bomb ass Mexican food, then come here! 
I've tried a lot of Mexican places & this place is really good. 
I ordered the combo #8, except I had no idea what came with it besides the meat since that part of the menu was in Spanish. But from the pictures on yelp, it looked really bomb. & I was right!!! #8 combo comes with Mexican rice, beans, tomato, lettuce, avocado, tortilla on the side, & your choice of meat - I chose pastor. The meat had so much flavor & wasn't too salty or bland. I was able to like make my own taco with the tortilla wraps on the side. 
My boyfriend got a pastor burrito & it was big & wrapped very nicely. He enjoyed it very much!


10/10 would recommend!笑
Great food. My son ate his torta so fast, it was gone before I knew it. My pozole had great taste and perfect temp. Definitely coming back.笑
Real street tacos and authentic meats. The Mulitas came highly recommended and they did not disappoint. Like grilled cheese tacos. Place reminds me of a mini Tacos El Gordo. Good com we out fast enough for a quick lunch break.笑
Great food, always busy, worth the wait Perfection. Had the steak burrito. Well deserved five stars.笑
You have to try the carne asada mulitas! They are the best. Hands down they have the best red and green sauces I've ever tasted.笑
They were really fast in making their food but it definitely didn't taste like those fast food Mexican places. It really tasted like REAL authentic Mexican food. The flavor that comes out of the tacos were just flourished with the taste of their culture. I loved it! And the price is definitely PERFECT for full-time college students.笑
This is a legit taco shop with the best tacos! The meat and toppings are always fresh! The red salsa is to die for! If you haven't tried mulitas yet, YOU MUST. they're two taco tortillas and in between them is your choice of meat, melted cheese, pieces of avocado & onion! One order of mulitas comes with 3! =) This is the only GOOD taco shop that I've been to where tacos are still under $2. If you want to have real taco shop tacos,  come here. All of their other food is good as well. Tip: if you ever need a taquiza for parties, they do it as well! I had them for my party and everybody was asking me where these tacos were from! They are generous with their meat, and don't just try to fill you up with tortillas like some other taquizas.笑
Best tacos ever!!! Well worth the drive is the strip. This is a hidden gem for sure! Carne Asade was grilled to perfection and the salsa had the right about of heat! Definitely coming back again on my next Vegas trip!笑
i have been here for about 2 years now and had pretty much given up on authentic mexican food. One day i was driving and did a search and based on the rating decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed,unpretentious location,simple menu,delicious food. This place reminds me of the places i fell in love with mexican food. All i can say is that i enjoyed it very much,it was funny they call all the numbers in spainish and i was counting in my head ,i am a little rusty on my numbers then I realized it was me ! lol friendly hard working people I will return every chance i get :)笑
I visted Tacos El Compita #2 afew months back and today I came in to check out their #1 shop. I must say I would prefer their #1(this shop) because it's more spacious. The other place was tiny and cramped. Just to add, both places had great service-- the workers were nice and friendly.

Despite my preference for spaciousness, the tacos at both places were crazy-good! Each taco was $1.05 and I ordered 4-- tongue (lengua), pulled pork (carnita), steak (carne asade), and marinated pork (pastor). All you need is to Squirt some lime for a hint of sourness and drizzle some extra smoked chipotle sauce on the tacos and it will be complete. All the tacos came out hot with generous amount of meat (see pics). The tongue was super soft, like butter in your mouth. The pulled pork and steak was my two least favorite-- not because it wasn't good, but bc if I had to chose and recommend, it will be the tongue and marinated pork. The marinated pork was super tender and tasty that if you look closely at the pork, you can actually see speck of spices!

Yummy in my tummy! Come here and get their lengua and pastor tacos at $1.05 each. Totally worth it!!!!笑
Love the Menudo, Love the tacos de Asada, and chicken quesadilla, the only thing that could make it better are homemade corn tortillas!笑
First visit, we ate here specifically because I wanted a raspado (Mexican fresh fruit "snow cone" ) from the shop a couple doors down. The menu is simple yet covers all the basics. We went with a couple of tortas and split them ~ carnitas & carne asada, and I was pleased with both. The carnitas had some meaty chunks and a low grease factor and the carne asada was well seasoned with a slight kick. The sandwiches are put together well, with just the right amount of shredded lettuce, a slice of tomato, slices of avocado... and, of course, a grilled bun. Well done! Bring cash as they don't accept plastic.笑
Great tacos. Had the pastor and the carnitas. The carnitas were a little fatty, but all In  All really good, pastor was excellent. Liked the flavor of the green salsa but I liked the heat of the red better.笑
I have been coming to tacos el compita for about 7 years, most of the time my husband runs into order our food. I absolutely LOVE this place. No other place has the flavor in there food like el compita. I've never had a problem coming here. They also always have peppers limes and sauce  out makes me happy, I don't have to ask for it. The decor needs work. But the food is so yummy.笑
I ordered the caldo de camarones, found it tasty but then an hour later, I had the MSG-overload effect. You know... the sensation after you eat Chinese food that you just can not get enough to drink? Soooo THIRSTY! The camarones, too, were as tough as old leather. I think they were in there just to flavor the soup, not meant to be eaten. The pastor taco was so cute - was about three inches long. Was ok, not the best I've ever had. Also tried the Ricas Cemita since it was highly touted on here. So, its like a sloppy joe with out the sloppy. Meh, ok. Did not blow my skirt up. Would be 50% better if they used good n' fresh buns.  

Look, I've had roll-your-eyes-back amazing Mexican food, from little hole-in-the-wall joints where I'm the only gringa within three miles. This is not it. What does perplex me is, with all the south-of-the-border folks here, legally and not, why the hell doesn't Vegas have some of THAT level of Mexican/Oaxacan/Salvadorean food options? I have to go to Santa Barbara for truly amazing gorditas. I have to go to San Jose for effin' phenomenal pastor "devil" tacos. That kind of food makes you want to drive three hours out of your way to enjoy. I'm left stunned with all the five star ratings with this joint. Have to assume our collective level for what makes real 5-star food has dipped. I it like an LA "4" is a Vegas "10?"

Back to Compita and the plus-es of the experience... service was nice, prompt and pleasant. The place was as clean as possible. The salsa bar was arctic-ly cold so all the goods were nice and fresh. They kept a good eye on the salsa bar and kept it stocked and clean. The caldo is enough to feed 2-3 people. The cemita will kill any hunger within three bites - man that thing was crammed full of meat chunks. (Quantity is not a problem here). Also, parking is easy, and its next to a panderia if you have a sweet tooth.笑
A hole in the wall and some might not be comfortable with the crowd, but once you get over it, the food is sooooo worth it! If I remember correctly, the tacos are $1.38 each and you can choose from all kinds of meat including beef tongue. My favorite taco there is probably just beef. Also the tacos may look small, but they fill you up quickly. Even though I can wolf down steaks at buffets, 5-6 tacos is probably my limit here.

They also have a condiment bar and you can get grilled onions and peppers for free if you ask for them when you placed your order.