I love a good, hole-in-the-wall Korean place, and Seoul Hot Pot is definitely one of my favorites.  I usually order the bulgogi, which is a deliciously spiced marinated beef with vegetables, I always get that because, well, its so good, I don't need anything else.  What's pretty awesome about this place as well is that you don't need to order an appetizer because they give you about 9 or so small bowls of various Korean culinary treats, which, me not knowing too much about Korean food, I'm not exactly sure what everything was exactly.  However, that shouldn't discourage one from trying it but rather encourage as it is delicious and quite a unique experience.  Excellent food, very affordable an inexpensive prices, a unique experience, and good Asian beer= :)笑
This place is like a MA and PA place so don't expect anything more. It's divey and it's one of those hole in the wall places but you can still get some decent food here. I came here because I wanted to get some hotpot but not knowing that they didn't serve it here, I was craving for some Korean food anyways. I'm not sure what the standard is but we got our appetizers before we got our banchan which was a little different than the other places I've been to. Not a great selection of banchan either. Only about maybe 6 side dishes. We ordered their spicy rice cakes and 1/2 order of their seafood patty. Not very impressed with the cakes because it wasn't spicy enough for me and it had some japchae in it too. I like japchae but I didn't expect it to be in my ddukbokki. I went here with 3 of my friends and I'm not sure if it's because there were a large party there but there wasn't that much attention from our server. I didn't want to complain or give the server a hard time considering he was a bit old, old enough to be my DAD and he didn't speak much English at all. Gosh, this was the moment when I thought I should bring a Korean friend with me. Oh well...my friends and I were starving. 

So we ordered by the number on their menu and we got their spicy beef noodle soup, tofu soup with shrimp, squid, and scallops, and bibimbap. The beef noodle soup wasn't spicy at all or up to the standards we had at Seoul Garden. Seoul Garden beats this place in my opinion. The tofu soup barely had any of the seafood which I felt I was skimped on. Bibimbap was okay, as well. Overall, mediocre food which is tolerable but didn't really satisfy my stomach. But I wouldn't come back.笑
Loved the Seoul Hot Pot. Went for the first time this week and had the #42 Bi Bim Bap,  which was delicious. Enjoyed the appetizers that they give you, especially the kimchi. The corn tea was very tasty, as well. The service was pleasant and fast. They were helpful in there recommendations as well, I can't wait to go back!笑
Eaten here twice and loved it.

Told friends, now they go once a week.

Duh, it's in Chinatown, not Crocker Park!!

Talked to a couple of people who has eaten here.  Unanimously agree the food is great.  They also unanimously agree the place is dirty.

I spent 13 months in Korea.  This place is AUTHENTIC.

If you like Applebee's and Friday's, stay away!笑
I walked in to this place on Payne at noon on a Wednesday. Past the little convenient store that looks like it gets robbed by the same guy every Friday night. I walked in on an empty restaurant with one Korean family eating lunch at the far end. I walked in a little further and one of them motioned to a table I was standing next to. I'm guessing these are the owners.
I read on the Asiatown web site that this particular restaurant is know for it's bib im bob. Excellent, I'll have that.
Everyone disappears. I think they went outside to smoke.
I'm looking around. They have tables with built in grills. Probably a good choice. Not for me as I'm alone at lunch.
Twenty minutes and the food comes all at once. The sides are ok. I love Korean sides so ok sides are better than no sides. If you are forced to go to the cracker barrel and choose number ten can of grey beans or drowned corn, I would rather have these everyday. If the choice is Korea House or Seoul Garden or Miega, this place loses.
The dol sot bib im bob was pretty disappointing. The chili paste helped but couldn't save it. I was hungry when I went in and I was not when I left.笑
Foodies looking for a cultural experience search no further! This Korean restaurant is as authentic as it gets. Over 30 years of experience in the restaurant industry and plenty more from cooking at home aren't something you can fake.  My parents used to come here back in the day, and as we were driving through town we were pleasantly surprised to see that one of our favorite restaurants is still thriving. 

The ingredients in the banchan (appetizer dishes) were fresh and delicious. We ordered two soups, barbecue beef, kimchi pork, roasted fish, and all of it was reminiscent (or better, but don't tell them!) of my parents' and grandparents' cooking, and at a reasonable price to boot! The owners are super friendly, so don't hesitate to ask any questions about the menu. Looking forward to my next excuse to drive through Cleveland to feast on some Korean cuisine.笑
Ignore the outside and the neighborhood. Come for the  food. Some of the best Korean in Cleveland. Kalbi tastes great even though it's not LA style cut, more like Korean Korean cut. Great banchan. Love the owners. Feels like a mom and pop shop in Korea.笑
Five for the food, zero for the service.  

This restaurant has Korean BBQ in its traditional sense in that there are big grills at each table where you can cook your own galbi and bulgogi.  The galbi is marinated very well and delicious.  The galbi tung (soup), jap chae and seafood pancake are also quite tasty.  But....

The service here is HORRENDOUS. 

The restaurant has a single waiter who basically brings you your food and ignores you the rest of the time.  He doesn't refill your water, he doesn't give you more lettuce when you run out, and he doesn't even come to check on you to see if it is time to give you your bill.  And then when you walk to the other side of the restaurant to pay your bill, you'll see that your waiter is chilling over there happily watching Korean TV.  

The one exception to the terrible service is if you are sitting at the tables without the grills, because the waiter can actually see you out of the corner of his eye while watching that Korean show.  Also, a couple of months ago they had a waitress as well, but it seems that she has moved on to bigger and better things.

Overall though, I'd say, learn to live with the bad service, and come here for the only Korean BBQ in Cleveland.笑
And it's back in business! 

After three years of seeing this abandoned building across from Koko bakery, I finally had the pleasure of stopping in for a meal. It is as humble on in the inside as it is on the out, so don't expect to be wowed by the decor. There are about 6-8 tables inside, so it is quite a small space. Also, this place runs much like a traditional family run restaurant in Korea would, with the ajumma cooking in the back and her husband up front seating, taking orders, and bringing out the food. Despite the fact that it felt short staffed, I had no complaints due to lack of service. 

I ended up ordering two of my favorite Korean snack foods, Tteokbokki and the Seafood Paejon. I like that this place offers smaller portion sizes if you ask them to, although it is more traditional to order dishes family style, it's nice to be able to order an individual portion if you happen to just be grabbing lunch. The prices are pretty standard compared to other Korean restaurants in the area- about $10-$16/ entree. As for the dishes themselves, the tteokbokki was fantastic in my opinion; there was a nice mix of veggies, noodle and even some bulgogi thrown in on top of the rice cakes. The chili sauce itself was really well balanced, and the perfect level of spiciness for me personally. The pajeon was also very good, a good balance of being crispy on the outside yet soft and doughy on the inside. 

As with pretty much all Korean restaurants, you will be served corn tea, banchan, and the little baby yogurt when you leave as part of their standard service. (I do love the baby yogurts)

While Seoul Garden is my standard choice for Korean when I'm craving it, this place is more convenient in terms of location. The only thing I might say is that I could see where this place might get quite packed if it gets even a little busy, and you might have to wait a while for service. Overall, I was more than satisfied with my first visit to Seoul Hot Pot, and anticipate returning here very often.笑
Awesome quality, delicious meals, and overall really cool experience! We loved the spicy rice cakes, bibimbap in the hotpot, and the pork belly the most, but everything we tried was super tasty!笑
Yelp is wrong!!! This place is open but with new owners. Not the older couples anymore but the younger version of them. Please go back and try this place again if you thought it was closed!! :)笑
Decent Korean food - yes please! Not the best Korean food of my life - but A-ok! I rounded up to 4 stars, because I know we will be back.

I was craving Asian food in general, and my husband suggested Korean. We settled on this place, knowing that it might be crowded due to lunar new year. We were pleasantly surprised to see that it wasn't packed. Its a small establishment, two rooms, one with regular tables, and one with grill tables. We were fine with having the kitchen cook our BBQ, especially with a small child with grabby hands. 

We got the seafood pancakes (meh), bulgogi (yum), and spicy pork (very spicy). The banchan was a good mix of spicy and cold options. I'm partial to the pickled options myself since Koren spicy tends to be a little too spicy for me, but since my husbands LOVES spicy its a pretty even split. One thing to keep in mind about the banchan is that its random. The kimchi and something pickled is standard, but the others tend to be based on whats available in the market and cheap.

My son was pretty good about eating whatever we put in front of him, and he loved eating from the chopsticks! The bulgogi is a great "intro" to Korean BBQ, its not spicy, usually very garlicy, and has a great flavor. The marinated meat is sliced really thin and grilled. It can have gristle, but I did not find that to be a problem here.笑
One day I got lost driving around downtown Cleveland on the way back to campus.  I found myself the best little Korean restaurant in the midwest (*it certainly seemed that way,  at least ... i was regularly driving to Ann Arbor and Chicago and not finding food this good anywhere).

I ate every dish on their menu.  I don't have a favorite because EVERYTHING was excellent!!笑
Seoul Hot Pot has the best Korean food in my opinion........in Cleveland.  Its really hit or miss depending on what you order.  Some of their dishes are not so good, while some others are great.  Staff is very friendly.  Service is great.  There is nothing better than coming to this place on a cold winter day and ordering a hot spicy stew.  You won't find better Korean food in Cleveland.笑
Yes!  They're open again.  We were fans of this place long ago, and we were so disappointed when the place was closed.  We tried finding a replacement in town, but this is definitely our favorite Korean restaurant in Cleveland.  So glad it's open for business again.  

The atmosphere is nothing spectacular but it's clean and casual.  I just love little family run restaurants like this with good food and service that makes you feel at home.笑
I have eaten out there several times with family. It is alright. It is what is expected in a small Asian American Community.笑
I was bummed that they closed, and now very happy that it's opened again with new floors!

I love the food here -- it's authentic and flavorful, and I love the owners -- they are very nice people and make great recommendations (if you are new to Korean food and intimidated by the menu). 

If only the portion was bigger, I'd give it a 5-star, as it is smaller than other Korean restaurants in the area with similar price point.笑
Outstanding! This place is so fun. Family owned, so authentic, such wonderful people. The food is fantastic, the menu is pretty well translated for us English speaking people. The grill in the middle of the table was fun and made it a unique night out for the whole family. I can't wait to come back and try more menu items. If you're even slightly considering this place, stop now and get there.笑
Boy, this place is one of Cleveland's little known gem.

I absolutely love the fact that people can walk through the kitchen when they enter the restaurant...and I absolutely love how the staff doesn't act fazed at all when people do so.

Most of the time, I get the BiBimBap. It's quite filling and comes in a cute little black urn-esque container. Sheila F. has gotten what she has described as "flattened chicken"; I'd look up the exact name of the dish on their website...but they don't have a website. Bummer!

They bring little appetizers to the table as well, and these are almost as good as the BiBimBap. Other than kimchi, I'm not exactly sure what they are, but I'm darn sure that they taste delicious! By the time my entree comes, I'm usually full of these little delicacies and wind up taking home part of my meal. In case you're curious as to what they are, I think one of the pictures accompanying this review documents these little tasty treats.

Parking is a bit of an adventure...the lot's pretty small and the driveway to the lot is a tad narrow. However, I've seen trucks fit through there, so most of us are probably OK! 

I enjoy going here and rarely, if ever, turn down an invitation to dine here.  I'm glad it's not buried too deeply on the east side to make it a long trip for us west side folks. However, even if it was, it would definitely be worth the trip!笑
This was delicious!! We ordered the beef to be grilled at the table plus dumplings and the seafood pancake. It was the perfect amount for 2 very hungry people. We got our food fast too! The roasting garlic on the grill was a tasty surprise to me. Cooking the neat was simple, but just really entertaining. I want to bring back a few more people so we can have a few different things going at once.  I think one of the most fun parts of Korean meals are all the little side dishes of pickled or fermented vegetables. The kimchi and spicy radishes have a great crunch. The potato and (eggplant?) gave the savory/umami feel and taste. The little beans and (seaweed?) provided some chew and pop. I also like the (bean curd?) for its gelatinous delivery of its salty dressing. I wish I knew the names of everything I ate. The fried dumplings were crispy on the outside and so fluffy inside. The seafood pancake tasted fresh with tons of green onion. I already can't wait to go back and try the other meats and try the soups!!!笑
Don't let the area or storefront fool you. My boyfriend insisted I carry when I come down to this area, and my mom goes, "Oh god...are you sure?" when we pulled up to the place. 

Very quaint and simple on the inside, yet clean. Food was excellent, and my mom was very impressed with the banchan and her bibombap. I enjoyed it very much, and I will be coming back. 

My only complaint was that I took a star off due to service. The two older men manning the dining area were nice, and there were two other parties there besides us, but we never had refills or were offered water. We ordered one bibombab, and I explicitly stated that we only wanted one (holding one finger up as I said it), we were going to split it, and I wasn't very hungry. The man shook his head "yes" in what I assumed was acknowledgement. When our meals came out, we recieved two bibombaps. I did not say anything because I didn't want to be rude, I hate food waste, and I figured I'd just eat mine for lunch the next day. We were in fact charged for two when we recieved our check. Also, we weren't checked on as to how our meals were and I'm not sure why we didn't receive a little yogurt as all the reviews mentioned. I was kinda sad about it, to be honest!

I will come back for another try, and perhaps the service aspect will be a little better. The food was very delicious!笑
This place was clean and there is a wide variety on the menu.  I took my family here for my mom's birthday.  The kimchi was excellent and so were the side dishes.  We ordered kalbi, bulgoki, and soon doobu chigae (spicy tofu soup).  All the dishes were pretty good, but lacked any strong flavor.  I have to say that I prefer the food at Seoul Garden in Cuyahoga Falls over this place.笑
Super delicious food with good options for non-beef eaters. The decor is simple. Service is great. It's a completely hole-in-the-wall and mom-and-pop kinda place. But it's worth checking out!

Here's my experience in a nutshell: 
We walked in and were quickly seated by an adorable host who explained to us that the first items to come out in several dishes were to snack on as we waited. 

Then we ordered the bimbipop and a spicy pork dish whose name escapes me. Both were delicious. My dish, the spicy pork, was filling and seemingly super healthy. It was served with steamed rice too. The spice level was moderate. I'd definitely recommend this place to others.笑
Like it very much！This is my second time here after living around this place for about 5 years. Between these two checkins there was quite a long time it is closed. I miss the BBQ so much. The most exciting
 thing is now it is reopened! So there is no hesitate to come for a Friday dinner. The BBQ inserted table is really interesting and a Good place for friends get together cook and eat and talk and have fun!笑
The Ojingeo-bokkeum (Spicy Stir Fried Squid) was the best I've had in the Cleveland area.  My Aunt's is still the best, but she lives all the way in Tacoma, WA.  It was so well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The sauce had a slightly sweeter taste than I'm used to, but it helped in cutting down the spiciness.  This is my favorite Korean dish and I have to say Seoul Hot Pot nailed it. Also the soups! I had the pleasure of sampling the Maeuntang (Spicy Fish Soup) and the Galbitang (Beef Short Rib Soup). Tons of flavor in the Maeuntang and the Galbitang was seoul-ful.  The complimentary barley tea they serve is also very delicious and  it will jolt you with warmth from the very first sip. Don't forget to save room for the banchan if you are considering ordering appetizers.  I made the mistake of ordering Mandu and Kimbap for appetizers and I couldn't eat as much of the banchan as I wanted to.  I loved each and every little dish though and I was so thankful that they didn't include the broccoli with spicy mayo on top (I've seen that in a couple of Korean restaurants around here and I have to ask WHY??? It's so degrading to Korean food).  As my friends and I were leaving, I noticed that a couple of parties were partaking in the Korean BBQ, which instantly made me envious...Why didn't I get Bulgogi?!?! Ah well, next time...and there WILL be a next time.笑
The restaurant was bustling on the Saturday night that we went.

The menu is pretty typical for a Korean restaurant but they do have some tables with hot plates for BBQ. The restaurant definitely looks a bit more updated than what I remembered; new paint and floors.

We ordered the gimbap, bulgogi, and spicy tofu soup. Eight different banchans were brought out. The pickled veggies and kimchi were very fresh and tasty. Fish cakes and potatoes were also very good. The gimbap was plenty for sharing and was rolled neatly with fresh ingredients. There was ground meat, pickled veggies, and eggs. My bulgogi was tender and nicely seasoned. It was also generously portioned. The tofu soup was delicious! Very soft tofu with a great smooth and savory soup base. It was not overly spicy but had a good kick. The veggies, eggs, and tiny shrimps worked well in the soup.

I haven't been to this place since college, but I'm glad they reopened. It'll definitely be considered when I crave for Korean!笑
The food is ordinary. A bit oily than expected, which does not suit my taste. I think the price is at the high side as for the Asian food in that area. I found most of the meal costs more than Red Lobster on average. Overall I don't think it's a good value.笑
Great food and great service.. and you can grill the food at your table too. I have always wanted to experience that! They get their ingredients from the market place around the corner so everything was very fresh and delicious. There is a korean place closer to us in Cuyahoga Falls but its a little more expensive the meat was tough and the people that worked there were only nice to their other korean customers.. so i will ALWAYS pay the extra gas to go to Seoul Hot Pot to get the better service and fresher food every time. YES this place looks like a wreck on the outside but do not let it fool you, most of the korean restaurants look like that in cleveland.. so classic case of don't judge a book by its cover.  Great place to take a group grill some meat and drink lots of Soju!笑
Had a birthday dinner here this past Monday 9/14/2015. Our party was of 8. We ended up ordering a bunch of things off the menu and sharing them family style. The food was good and the hot tea was refreshing. We had asked for cups of water, but were initially told there was no water and they offered us cold tea. They brought out a bottle of the cold tea which looked like a bug was floating in. To give them the benefit of the doubt we'll say this was just particles of tea. A little past halfway of our meal we asked again for water. Which then all of a sudden they miraculously had. They brought out two cups of ice water. Our time there was well spent. We even left saying this was some of the best Korean food in Cleveland. 

The reason for the 1 star is that a day later 5 of our party of 8 came down with food posining (nausea, vomiting, fever, sweats, diarrhea etc.). We can not pinpoint as to exactly what dish did it since we shared family style, but it had to have been something from here. I wanted to return to try out one of the grilled tables, but that will not be happening.笑
As good as Korean food gets in Cleveland.  Back today for the second time since they reopened.   Dolsitbibimbap was quite good.  Good selection of banchan including: daikon kimchi, cabbage kimchi, mook, eggplant, fishcake and more ... 8 banchan total.  Service is always good and always friendly.笑
Basic Korean food at borderline expensive prices. The quality of meat here isn't the best, and the marinade on the meat is just OK. With that said, this hole-in-the-wall place has good service and will definitely satisfy your Korean food craving. 

Try their bibimbap!笑
I've ordered the bi bim bop twice here.  The first time was absolutely delicious: the rice was perfectly crispy on the bottom and everything in the dish had a lot of flavor.  The second time the rice was either undercooked or completely burnt and the dish lacked a lot of seasoning.  I'd go again just to make a final verdict.

My family and I really enjoyed some of the appetizers (seafood pancake, dumplings, and the kimbob).  The banchan is always fun to try, and I particularly like the fermented soy beans.  I also really like their hot corn tea...very unique.

Don't go for the ambience, as the establishment has nary a window and a TV playing loud Korean news in the back.  I'm a fan of holes-in-the-wall, so I found this pretty charming, but I think my family had to be convinced.笑
Best. Bibimbap. Ever.

Seriously, I cannot get enough of this stuff. Order the bibimbap in the stone pot and you will not regret it. The owners (a married couple, so nice!) were more than happy to substitute tofu in the pot. I douse it in their amazing chili sauce and it is completely addicting. The best part is the sauce, as well as breaking the egg over the rice and scraping the crispy rice off the bottom. Even though the rice gets stuck in your teeth something horrible, its still delicious. I would break all of my teeth for it. Also, they brought all vegetarian options for the banchan without us asking. We asked for California rolls without the crab, and they were also great. 

The only negative is the service. While the owners were very accommodating and super nice, don't expect to be checked up on or helped right away. I don't think my water was refilled once, until I asked for it. The food is so good though that I'm more than happy to deal with the wait.笑
The good news, after 3 years Seoul Hot Pot is open again.  Even better it is still as good as it used to be.  They cleaned the place up a bit with hardwood floors and some more modern prints on the wall.  

They have changed the menu up a bit, but the prices seem to be about the same.  Had the pajun (pancake) now just available in a small 4 piece size.  The pancake is one of my favorites, crispy with green onions and small shrimp with a great soy based sauce.  I also tried the black bean noodles, a large bowl of spaghetti sized noodles topped with a mild black bean sauce with some pieces of vegetables.  Very filling and delicious.  The best part of the meal is all of the small dishes of kim chi and pickles.  

Seoul Hot Pot is a great mom and pop place with great food and a relaxed atmosphere.  If you like Korean you have to give it a try.笑
I was driving around for searching for Korean food in Cleveland and I found this one also with Korea House.
Both of them is only few blocks away from each other.
Taste was pretty same as Korea House, but price was little cheaper as I remember.笑
This place is interesting - It doesn't look that nice at all, but the owners were pretty down to earth. The food tasted pretty much like home made food, nothing too special, BUT they have korean soju!! Which is a big deal in Cleveland! It's not that pricey either, definitely a good place to go for some casual korean food at night!笑
I am so glad they re open the restaurant! It a home -style authentic korean food. I like kimchi soup and squid the most. The owners are friendly too.笑
I will be honest I did not just eat here recently.  I have been going to this restaurant and ordering take out for over 10 years - at least once a week.  I love this place as well as the people that own it.  My first experience was when their daughter was the waitress, maybe 1999 or so.  She guided us through the menu.  I have tried food that I never would've tried had it not been for the owners.  We have developed a great friendship.  We moved from the area in 2011, NC, and miss having authentic Korean food from Seoul Hot Pot.  We've tried other Korean restaurants, but nothing calls me back like Seoul Hot Pot.

Price range per person depends on food choice.  The soups are served in large bowls so don't let the price scare you from trying them.  Parking in primarily on the street with a small lot behind the restaurant.  Between the dimsum and your entree you can walk out of the restaurant for about $25 with tip for two - again depending on your order.笑
Decent bim bim bap, and a wider selection of banchan that comes with your meal than at Ha Ahn Korean restaurant.  The menu is more extensive here, but the dishes are hit-and-miss (I don't think I'll be ordering the octopus dish from here again, but the kimchi chigae is alright).笑
I was so thrilled to see that this place reopened. It had closed just before I left Cleveland and opened just before I returned. 
Food is still as good and fresh as before. Their banchan is great. Soups are awesome. Spicy rice cakes are delicious. 
Fresh and authentic. So glad it's here!笑
Great Korean in Asia town CLE.  I've been here several times now and everything is great.  Not too sweet, and very good balance of flavors.  You can't go wrong.笑
I had a Korean roommate back in Cali.  One day I smelled something horribly strong and rotten.  A smell so strong it could literally wake the dead.  As I dug through the fridge wondering what the hell had died in there I realized that it was the Kimchi.  Needless to say living with a Korean girl turned me on to some interesting foods.  This place is as authentic as you're going to find in CLEvage.  Great food, great prices, and a crappy location.  Most of the authentic Asian places around here all have that in common.  Seoul Hot Pot comes highly recommended.笑
This is one of my favorite Korean restaurants in northeast Ohio! They just reopened after being closed for 2 years. It's small and owned by a super nice Korean couple since 1984 (over 30 years!). 

The thing to know about small, family-owned Korean restaurants is that they usually specialize in a few dishes. 

Here, you have to get the beef bone soup (sulleongtang) and the barbecue! It's the only place in Cleveland that has BBQ grills in the table (with vents above each table). That's the traditional Korean way. And good sulleongtang is a real speciality in Korean cuisine. It tastes like home! 

I love this spot. It's authentic, no frills, good food, and homey.笑
I returned to Seoul Hot Pot to try their non-grill menu, and I came away very impressed and questioning my current devotion to Seoul Garden as the top dog in Cleveland Korean cuisine.

Their seafood pancake might be the best I've had thus far, prepared with just the right amount of pancake, scallions, and seafood. Their dukbokki (spicy rice cake) also steals the crown from Seoul Garden, as it packs a much more dynamic, hearty flavor, and they even topped it off with a few strips of savory bulgogi. The rice cakes were so tender they practically melted in my mouth. Their japchae was delicious, not much else to say there. The bibimbap, however, arrived already burnt, our server forgot the chili sauce, and overall it just lacked flavor. Rounding the meal out was the banchan, which was standard fare, and the complimentary orange slices which are still out-of-this-world good.

Where they take the hit this time is their service. The owner manning the tables that night, while he is a very sweet, pleasant old man, could have used some help in the service department. Parties that arrived later were waited on before people that arrived earlier. Whoops. And to mention again, he forgot the chili sauce for my bibimbap, which comes in a squeeze bottle. No biggie, he apologized and proceeded to yank it from another party's table for me. lolwut? They were still eating...

Aside from those minor hiccups, my dining experience was a lot better this time around. Service was worse, but the food was spectacular. Look beyond the gimmick-y grill tables and you'll stumble upon some really good menu items.笑
I was really excited to try Seoul Hot Pot since I heard it was the only korean BBQ restaurant in cleveland. After my first experience there, although the food was fairly decent, the service and the wait makes me scared to go back there again. (To make it clear, I did go with 16 other friends which may have caused the slow wait and long delays). 

Side Dishes (3): the traditional korean side dishes are what makes me love korean food. However, at this restaurant, they didn't have a variety of side dishes and there were only about 7 different dishes. When we asked for seconds, it took almost 30mins to get it so throughout the whole course, we only got the side dishes twice whereas I usually get thirds and fourths.

Food/Entree (4): All my friends loved their food and I really enjoyed the Korean BBQ too. I ordered Galbi and the bacon. For 5 of us, we had 2 orders of Galbi and 1 order of the bacon. The galbi tasted delicious and was marinated perfectly. However, the bacon lacked a bit of flavor in it. The only downside was that the food took forever to get here.

Wait/Service (2): This was the miserable part of the experience. My friends and I were there for almost 3 hours. The first hour was just sitting there waiting for our actual food to get there. Although the waiters were fast with ordering our food, I probably asked for a glass of water four times before I got one. And, my friend never got utensils until a good hour in. Not only did it take a long time for us to get our food, it took a long time for any of our requests to happen (asking for utensil, asking for sauce, asking for a second bowl of rice, asking for water, etc...). 

Overall: Fod the food and location (close to my house), I will probably come back here again. But, I learned my lesson that next time I go, I will probably bring less people with me in hopes that it will speed up the wait. I would recommend other Yelpers to try out this place because the food is delicious, but just go prepared for the service.