Wow. Very underwhelming. And I was so looking forward to boasting about having an amazing Mexican restaurant within metres of my home. 

Let's get straight to it. 

I can't fault the service. They were friendly, helpful and prompt. 

Drinks were ok, I didn't care for the wine glasses which were quite small and cheap looking. 

Oh and the food. Starters were the guacamole and pico de gallo. Both under seasoned and quite bland. There was nothing exciting about it. Corn chips were also on the less salty side to eat was like eating crunchy and mushy anything. 

My main was the beef enchilada. I will say this is very reminiscent of taco bell (US) or taco bill (Australia) which is like tasteless meat wrapped in carbs with a side of mush (refried beans) covered in cheese. There was nothing explosive or enticing about this meal. 

I wouldn't go back because I get the gist. It didn't feel exciting or authentic and not really a meal I would want again.Ǿ
A tucked-away Stockbridge gem that has been on my list of places to try for some months and it still is! How, you may ask, can I be reviewing a restaurant I have yet to try? Well, dear reader, I went there last week for a work christmas party and had a very good time. But I remember very little of the evening. THAT's how good a time I had.
A small, cosy, intimate restaurant with a Mexican theme; the staff managed to make a party of 12 seem not only welcome, but a joy to behold (I'm not sure this sentiment was shared by the other diners).
The menu is classically Mexican, but the execution is a class above the bog-standard. Nachos, natch; chimichangas, burittos and enchilladas ditto, but all done (reportedly) to perfection. There are also Mexican style steaks and fish for the less conventional.
There may be puddings; I can't remember. They do serve cocktails and liquers, for which I hold them entirely responsible. 
So, as I said at the outset, I shall return to The Blue Parrot Cantina for a more sedate and considered meal as soon as they let me back in the door.Ǿ
Where is it? There? Where? THERE! WHERE?! oh right, there... If I hadn't been on a scouting mission I never would have found it tucked away in a basement of St. Stephen's street.

Once you've stepped inside you can understand why the underground location works to it's advantage. It's warm, cosy and very, very welcoming.

Being a wimp when it comes to spicy food it took me a while to find something that wouldn't make me weep, but the food was unpretentious and a delight when it was produced on the table. I would kill for that swordfish again (I don't know why I couldn't just go back and order it... maybe I will!)

Even though it's a Latina themed place, it's in no way tacky which is so refreshing as this is a real rarity.Ǿ
Been here 4 or 5 times easily my favourite Mexican restaurant in Edinburgh could not really telly you what authentic Mexican food is as never been to Mexico to compare but it is defiantly tasty here. Every time I have been always have the chorizo nachos to start know I should really branch out but they are so good, never been disappointed with the main meals and the margaritas are worth the visit on there own but maybe that's just a problem of mine. Small cosy and very friendly could not recommend strongly enough feels like you are round at a mate's house for dinner but they are awesome at Mexican food.Ǿ
Ever since moving to Edinburgh, my husband and I have been on the hunt for authentic Mexican food. This place looked good, so we decided to try it out. As soon as we walked in, we both were excitedthe restaurant actually smelled like Mexican food! It is a small restaurant, so you will need to make a reservation. But, with the space they have, they have made quite a cute little restaurant. The actual food menu is small, but covers the bases for basic Mexican food. The drink menu is quite extensive. As for the food, we started off with chips and guacamole and weren't disappointed. Both of us were thoroughly satisfied with our main courses and the main courses are enough food to fill you up. My one beef is that they serve brown rice instead of Mexican rice, but they do try to redeem that with salsa and it helps. Also, the beans aren't quite the consistency of true refried beens, but it is a good try. All in all, this is the best Mexican food I have had this side of the Atlantic!Ǿ
Have we lived in Europe for so long that our standards for Mexican food have dropped, or is Blue Parrot Cantina actually a good place to eat? I think it's the latter. The menu isn't extensive, but all the staples of a quality tex-mex place are there: burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, and more. On our most recent visit we started with the black bean soup, which was well-spiced and interesting. I continued with a vegetable chimichanga, which was every bit as good as I remember the chimichangas at our regular Mexican haunt from my stateside childhood. The melted cheese was plentiful, which is exactly how I like it. 

The margaritas were tasty but not quite the right consistency - too little time in the blender left them at this awkward stage that was neither frozen nor on the rocks. 

Service was fast and friendly, and the food was obviously all prepared fresh in the small, open kitchen. The decor is simple yet appealing, and there's a certain coziness to this low-lit basement dining room.Ǿ
Another Stockbridge classic. I really love this little cosy basement, and it always looks so inviting, especially on the cold, rainy winter nights. The food isn't the cheapest, but it's always well presented and feels like a real treat. Yummy.Ǿ
Coming from the states, I'm not sure why we stopped here for food. Maybe we were homesick for Mexican food.  Dinner overall was fair. Maybe this is just a different type of mexy food. Anyway, people were great, service was great, and they even stayed open late just for us.  Nachos were good and cheesy but small portion. Food was blandǾ
The Blue Parrot is a quirky little place in Stockbridge. The chicken and cashew chimichanga I had was extremely good, packed with mountains of succulent chicken. Their soup was tasty, also. Service wasn't quite what it could have been, and their cellar-conversion toilets will divide opinion, but it's well worth a visit.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed with the Blue Parrot. It served me two good dishes, in quirky surroundings...I'm not the world's biggest fan of Mexican food, not least because over the years I've eaten in some very ropey Mexican places around Edinburgh, but I'd happily head back here the next time I'm feeling the need."Ǿ
Mexican restaurant, good service, great food, and a nice atmosphere. All I can say but simply a great place to have a meal.Ǿ
eaten here twice. both times the food was delish! very good flavours! the first time the service was great. last time we went there was a huge table that seemed to throw the staff off. we waited ages for food and a second drink. overall its a great place with yummy food! :-DǾ
Service was excellent, food was ok! disappointing nachos I have to say :(Ǿ
Came here with my family a couple weeks back. We were the only ones in the restaurant for the first 30 minutes we were there. The service was really slow but good. My family liked the guacamole I wasn't a huge fan but the salsa was yummy and I loved my main (sweet potato enchiladas) and my dad loves his chicken fajitas. My sister and mom, however, didn't enjoy their meals much. Pleasant experience overall but mixed feelings from the rest of the fam.