First rate restaurant.  Went with a large party, and they were very accomodating, even relocating their outdoor heaters to make some of the women in our party more comfortable, as we were sitting out on the patio, and it got a bit cool.  

The staff is first rate, the food is excellent, the ambiance is definitely upper scale.

Went back a second time, with simply my wife, and the experience was much the same.  Definitely high on my list.笑
BAD.  Will not come here again.  Had a reservation for Valentines Day.  Took an hour and a half to get our meals (this restaurant was not even seated at full capacity).  When my meal came....it was cold. Steak was full of fat (we're talking a good 1/2 inch of fat around the edge in addition to the excess of fat on the inside of the steak). I'm not even sure what the side was that came with it (cold and not good).  Didn't even want the dessert by the time it came.  The servers were very apologetic (not their fault) but it truly was terrible.   Side note....the median age at this place is about 70. If you're a young couple...this place probably isn't for you (you're not missing anything). Such a disappointment for what was supposed to be a special day.  The saving grace was that we have a sense of humor and were able to laugh at the ridiculousness of it all.  Wanted to like it...but it was bad.笑
Well I see we have some 30 to 40-something snotty yuppies getting on here and bashing a long-term Scottsdale night spot, like anyone over 50 doesn't have the right to enjoy a different kind of decor apart from a sports bar environment. 

I really like Remington's, their Stoli rocks and olives are killer, and the Friday night entertainment is superb (Joel and Delphine). In my opinion they do need to place the TV on a different wall because I really don't need or want to see sports while I'm enjoying drinks and great jazz (unless it's playoff season), but I understand there are gentlemen who like to sit at the bar and watch sports while having some appetizers and a few drinks.

I have no idea what these other reviewers are talking about with "OLD" host(esses) and perfume. The night I was there the hostesses were young, cute and friendly. Service was friendly and attentive -- overall excellent.


The atmosphere is classy, with people dressing up a little more and enjoying the "dated" decor. Puh-leeeeeze. Do these people know class when they see it? Do they require a restaurant to change their furnishings every year? Get a grip.

Remington's is a classy place. If it's not your cup of tea don't diss it -- just go elsewhere and keep your mouth shut.笑
Loved this place.  First time visit on Valentines day at Remington's.  Was impressed with great ambiance and art work upon entry.  Seated after only a short wait out on the patio.  Perfect weather for outside eating this night.

Service was prompt, friendly and professional. Started with the Wild Mushroom Soup followed by Goose Breast washed down with Red Velvet Cake.  All this accompanied by bread which was delicious.   

All the food that hit the table looked fantastic and tasted amazing.  Loved the atmosphere and friendly service.  Somewhat pricey but well worth it for a special event.笑
My boyfriend and I went to Remington's for New Years Eve after seeing reviews online we figured we should try something new. The hostess was very neutral with us and seated us at the first table she saw open (there were more open tables in the back that had a better view). After we were seated it took half an hour for our drinks to come out and bread. I had ordered the ribeye with no blue cheese crumbles and of course it came with the blue cheese on top of it. I didn't want to send it back because if I had it would have taken forever and I didn't want to be rude. I ended up scraping the blue cheese off but I could still taste it on the steak which was disappointing. Maybe it's just me but I expected better service especially on New Year's Eve.笑
I thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. I think it is very pretty inside. The staff is extremely friendly and they went all out to ensure we enjoyed our experience, including being kind to our 1 year old who was less than a stellar patron. I really appreciated them giving us a table seated away from other diners so I didn't have to worry about hushing the baby the entire meal. And our server was very kind to the baby. 
They have a great wine list and the food was very good. I got the beef tips which were so yummy! My wedge salad was a little small but good. My husband got a cocktail that was fabulous.
The lounge was full and they had live music. It looked so fun! If we didn't have our baby we would have definitely gone in there for a drink or two and enjoyed the music. This is kind of a hidden gem I think. There is just something about it that I loved, a charisma and charm I can't quite put into words笑
We recently went there on a Groupon for my wife's birthday, I hadn't been there in years. It is a decent, old school place. The steak was puny and everything was kinda pricy for what you get even considering it is in PV. I will wait for a Groupon or some kind of special before going back.笑
Horrible! I bought a Travelzoo coupon and at settlement time they tried to cheat me on the terms by charging me twice the amount beyond the voucher. When I pointed this out the waitress the bill dropped by half and became the right amount.

Now my comments on food. No better than eating at Denny's, However, I think I have eaten at a Denny's or two where the food was better than at Remington's.

My advice to Remington'.s Fire the Chef. Fire the manager that runs this place. The brand (Remington's) is damaged to people in the Phoenix-Scottsdale area. Relaunch it with a more credible team. If you get the formula right you have a good chance at success.笑
I've enjoyed Reminton's several times.  We picked it for last Friday's special event and are very glad we did.  SErvice was excellent, quiet and classy atmosphere.
We love lots of creative, new cuisine, but not always.  Remington's food is American delish.  2 of us had the Lamb, portions were huge and it was prepared perfectly.  One person had the prime rib and he is an expert on prime rib, he loved it.  4th person had a chicken with pasta meal - ate the whole thing!  We had the wonderful bread pudding for dessert, a lovely evening.  Thank you Remington's.笑
Don't go off reviews.  This restaurant is great! It's beautiful inside. The beet salad was amazing. The employees were so friendly and caring. We were seated right away.  Food choices were good.  I ordered the scallop scampi and my husband ordered the rack of lamb. Pretzel bread rolls were so delicious.笑
Went to Remington's lounge during Happy Hour on my husband's birthday.  Reviews said that it was seldom crowded--not this time. It was packed with some kind of "Singles Art Lovers" group.
We sat on the patio, straight out the doors in view of the bar. And we sat. And we sat.  Eventually, I went to the cashier's stand and asked a waitress if we could order food and drinks. She said "sure, the menu is on your table." No it wasn't. . . I had to ask her for one.
So we looked at the menu, decided what we wanted, and waited. . .  I had to snag the manager (who was walking right by our empty table without a second glance!) and ask for a waiter to take our order. She eventually, came, took our order, brought our one drink each and our food. . . and disappeared.
We ate our food and drank our one drink, and waited. . . Again I snagged another waiter and asked for a dessert menu. None came. We waited at least a half an hour, with dirty dishes on our table and empty drink glasses, and no one paid any attention to us. No menu. No dessert. No water refills, much less drink refills. No bill.
Again, I went to the cash register and asked for my bill. When she gave it to me, it did not reflect the discount for Happy Hour. I went back, found the manager, asked for the adjustment to my bill, and explained to him (in a none-to-happy tone of voice) how we had been ignored the entire evening.
Went back to the table, paid cash, left no tip, and left--Some birthday celebration!笑
Food: Excellent!! We both ordered the 5 oz filet mignon and found it to be very tender and tasty. Most restaurants don't offer the 5 oz size so this was a pleasant surprise and something we appreciated.

Service: super attentive and friendly !

Ambience: lovely! Two fireplaces were lit creating a soft light and warmth. Soft music in the background and very comfortable dining room. It was a serene setting and just what we were looking for. Highly recommend this restaurant for the ambience.

Negative: We were very disappointed that they charge $3 to substitute asparagus for the potato. Even many restaurants of a lower quality and caliber do not charge for substitution. We felt that this $3 fee was very cheesy for customers who are already paying a tidy sum in their restaurant. It just doesn't fit the overall characteristics of the venue. We recommend that the owners should rethink this policy. 

We would've given them 5 stars had it not been for the $3 fee.笑
This was our first time at Remington's and we were impressed.  It's been on our list of places to try and since they were participating in Arizona Restaurant Week we figured it would be the perfect time to check it out.  You never know what you are going to get when you check out a new restaurant during restaurant week and the place was packed!  We checked in for our reservation and waited a few minutes before we were taken to our table.  They had live jazz music and the most adorable couple was dancing and we knew then we had discovered someplace special.  Our table was in a great location with a view of the patio and fireplace.

The restaurant week menu was fabulous and even included wine! We both started with the beef carpaccio which was amazing. It was served with slaw, pickled mushrooms (amazing!) house-made mustard and rosemary gastrique. It was like a party in your mouth and paired beautifully with the wine.

For entrees my husband had the lamb and I had the salmon. The lamb was all natural and grilled over mesquite wood. It was served with cinnamon cous cous, sautéed tomatoes, ginger, and basil honey. Delicious! The salmon was seared with chili and potato puree. It also had pickled beets (yum, love beets!!!) sautéed sorrel, and a delicious broth. It was perfect! 

Dessert was a chile infused chocolate, and orange crème brulee, with fresh fruit and cream. It was the perfect end to an amazing meal!笑
Make no mistake, the food was very good.  Our server Mieke and the restaurant manager were another!  It was obvious that Mieke was in over her head and was handling more tables than she should have.  Our starter salads arrived and after specifically asking for no onions; it came with onion.  Once replaced, both salads were very good.  I ordered the NY steak and my fiancée ordered the Broiled Garlic shrimp. Both arrived in a timely manner and were hurriedly placed on our table.  I requested horseradish for my steak and my fiancé requested a knife to cut her shrimp.  We consumed our entire meal with no sign of our server again at our table.  No horseradish or knife.  I shared my steak knife with my fiancé.  A bus boy cleared our table upon finishing and still no server.  When our server finally showed up she asked if we would like anything else.  I then spoke with her regarding the poor service to which Mieke promptly apologized and then left to prepare our bill.  The manager Ivo wandered by about five minutes later checking with a number of tables as to how there dinner had been.  I requested a word with him and explained our poor experience.  Ivo half heatedly apologized for the service and offered free deserts in a dismissive manner.  We declined at which time he simply walked away never to be seen again.  I can understand our server being overwelmed due to a staff shortage however I certainly cannot condone the restaurant managers actions (or in actions). Food was great but vastly overprice.  Would not go again nor recommend this restaurant to anyone笑
One of the last southwestern feeling restaurants near downtown Scottsdale. The ambiance is southwest charming. The tables are set a nice distance apart. The service is great. A new chef has brought some interesting concepts. If you don't feel like a whole 12 oz strip steak, he will cut it in half and it is half the price. All of the food is delicious. We've been back several times. If you want ambiance and good food at a reasonable price, this is the place笑
Okay, hate to be harsh but first the nice part:  The food is really quite good.  Very pricey but good....I'd only go with a groupon.  They have a very limited gluten free menu but at least they do offer some things gf.

Okay now for the rant:  Hostess had WAY, WAY, WAY TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much musky, oriental perfume on.  Like old lady going to church stuff.  YUCK.  If you were allergic you would be in anaphylactic shock!

Median age of guests present:  80 year olds and us. (We are a little more than half of that age is all I'm going to say!)

The decor:  Um, I want to say '80's kinda "upscale southwest" with a hint of dyslexia.  And the place is cavernous.  Honestly they ain't doing enough business to have this much room.  My suggestion would be to offer a more intimate, remodeled quaint place with quality food and lose the host.

I had GF Risotto, my friend had salad and 5 glasses of wine was something like $90 at lunchtime!  YIKES!  Um, Remington's?  It's time for a redo!  Oh, the waiter was amazing!  We had him and another guy filling our waters, etc. for the whole meal!笑
Alot of these reviews are very low, I'm not sure why or what they ordered however  my family and I really enjoyed a summer pri fixe menu that actually included wine as well. Butternut squash soup followed by Halibut which by the way was cooked perfectly, then a classic Creme Brulee, and a nice Cabernet. Service was very good. I would suggest they try it one more time, especially since for the month of September its buy one get one free compliments of the Chef. How can you beat two 3 course meals for $44? Happy Hour prices look great I will definitely be back for some music!笑
We like  Remington's.  Great food and service. Live vintage jazz in the bar.  With an age appropriate group it is quite enjoyable.  We have been here 2 or 3 times a year since 1998.笑
A great value with the Groupon. The food is very tasty and well prepared. The service is prompt. My infant son enjoyed the complimentary bread rolls. They also had a band playing, which was very nice. I probably would not be back just because of the price.笑
The food was average, but not worth the $100 bill for two of us. My prime rib was tough and the sides were nothing special. 

Go across the street to Blue 32, better food, half the price.笑
My wife and I were looking to try a new restaurant with good food and a quiet and romantic atmosphere. The reviews for Remington's seemed to be very good. Plus the day we booked a reservation, there was a Groupon. Not bad!

Here are my first impressions:

The average age is 60. It's a nice change from the other hip and trendy restaurants were everyone is trying to show each other up.

Light jazz playing in  the background and the smaller rooms makes it a great place for conversation. 

This is a place for couples and friends. I did not see any families or kids at all.

The portions are very good size. I ordered the baked potato and oh my god it was huge. Definitely split.

My wife. And I would definitely go back. Remington's offers the classic old school southwest steakhouse dining.笑
How this place is in business still is beyond me.
When walking in, the decor is old and drab. The grout int he tile is disgusting. The hostess was unpleasant and lighting, too bright.

The menu. Lacking
The food? Warm rather than hot, and drab.
The salads too, were warm

We will never go back.笑
Service on point, filet, shrimp pesto, lamb chomp's and onion soup amazing.  A definite 5 star!笑
I found a great groupon for this restaurant and as I had been in the past and enjoyed the happy hour ( last time probably 4 yrs ago) I thought lets go back and try dinner.  Wow, what an absolutely horrible meal!  

Appetizer was the Escargots - awful.  They were rubbery and tasteless, not a hint of butter,  garlic or salt/seasoning.  These rubber like creatures were swimming in a pool of pure oil and nothing else.

Salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing.

Main, NY Steak, Potatoes Lyones, Creamed Spinach.  I have never had such a dry and tasteless NY Steak (md rare) again no seasoning and extremely tough and dry. 
Potatoes swimming in oil and no flavor.  They also arrived after the other items were served, forgotten...I'm not sure.  Spinach, again lacked flavor and sat in too much creme.  

The only positive about this place was the Server.  She was so apologetic.  She did offer to get us something else but, frankly we somehow knew it would be more of the same and i wanted nothing more than to be out of there.  As for the Manager he/she never came out to our table to check on the sad situation of our meal.   For a place that charges $30+ for an ala carte steak ($6 per side I believe), I expect more, so much more.  This by no means compared to a Donovan's, Fleming s, Durant's etc.  No insult to Outback but, I would have had a much more superior meal there...笑
The Monday and Tuesday night entertainment featuring Van and Melanie is a nice change from the jazz. They play music from the 50s to current in various genres like rock, country, pop and more. They are a virtual juke box taking requests all evening.笑
We had dessert & coffee here on Valentine's Day.  Not sure I would normally come here but we specifically came to see the lovely & talented Judy Roberts on the ivories and were delighted by her vocal accompanist, the enchanting Margot Reed.  That duo rocks our socks!  JUDY! JUDY!! JUDY!!!笑
Eight of our golf group had a fabulous dinner last night at Remington's.
Eric was our waiter and we dined on the patio. The service was excellent and everyone thought their dinners were perfect. All of us would highly recommend Remington's.笑
We tried to redeem a groupon tonight at Remington's restaurant and there were so many problems I don't know where to start...1) tried to call 3 times during the day to make a reservation and no one answered the phone, 2) finally reached a live person at 4:30 and asked to make a reservation for same night she said we didn't have to sit in the dining room and we could sit in the lounge and that they would accept our groupon if we ordered off the main dining room menu 3) we enjoyed happy hour for an hour from 5:45-6:30 had soup and several martinis and paid our bar tab then we moved to another location in the lounge because the live music was next to our table and super loud 4) there was a party on the patio of about 50 people and only 2 servers for inside and out so we were ignored the entire time and went to the bartender to place our refill order 5) we then moved to another table in lounge and ordered off the dining room menu for $30. entrees each and waited for over an hour for our food to arrive 6) one of the servers had to leave because she was not scheduled to work, so there was only 1 service staff for a full bar and patio (about 100 people).  Since all the tables seated after our table of 2 & were served their food and drinks before we were and we had waited over an hour for our food to arrive we asked to speak to management (Michael Mignella) and he said we weren't allowed to eat in the lounge on the groupon and he would not approve it and we said our request was affirmed by the reservation person as well as our first server.  We had enough waiting and left the restaurant after 8 p.m. after a horribly unsatisfactory visit with the young manager.  We would like a refund for our troubles.  We are townies of Scottsdale and had never been to Remingtons restaurant before and will never find need to visit this place again.  This business will not stay afloat with the blatant disregard for customer service.  I have to say it was the worst Groupon experience we've ever had. We never even ate dinner we left!笑
well how i discover this place is through groupon... i really didnt read the reviews on them until after i purchase the groupon . the groupon was $60 worth of food and drinks.i only paid $30 for it. 
 i then read up on their reviews, wow to my surprise there were a lot of diss about this place being friendlier and better service to the older folks considering they must have more money ect. i right then regret i bought it. just because me and my fiance is in our late 20's lol... well one afternoon we decided to give it a try anyway. as we arrived the hosted friendlily greeted us then sat us in the lounge where we choose to be seated. there wasn't any one there at the time , but it was nice to have the whole place to ourself. the place was gorgeous beautifully decorated in a elegant classy atmosphere, our waitress came to take our drinks order as we scan through the lounge food menu that was on the table. my fiance order beer and i ask if she can make a mai tai , she reply OH CAN I , OF COURSE... in a playful tone.  and oh yes she CAN , i must say its the best mai tai ever.... turns out thats her favorite drink to make. 
  so then we order our food , since we have $60 credit we have to spend it all so ended up ordering sooooo much food ! we had  lamb,bbq ribs, steaks,kobe slider, fries , tobacco onion,steam vegetables, they all tasted amazing! and great presentation,.... overall our waitress was supper friendly the food was awesome the prices was great. we decided we definitely coming back ,笑
My husband and I went here on a groupon so I'm not going to be too judgmental. 
Just a few points, the clientele are in their 70's, store bought salad dressing, $13 for THREE shrimp. Food and service were mediocre, not worth the high price.笑
Christmas ripoff!  Decent food , but $60 per person?  Surf and Turf with Great Turf and little if any surf.  Pear Salad with excess Vinegar.  $13 glass of wine charged twice for one glass. 
Gratuity included (20%) with blank line for gratuity on bill very deceptive.
Turkey dinner excellent but $60??
We'll not be back.
Entertainer in bar too loud for diners.笑
This restaurant and lounge were nice.  We sat outside and had a perfect view of Camelback Mountain on a beautiful night.  The service was so-so but the food was amazing.  My wife had the bone-in pork chop and I had the Pesto Shrimp on alfredo noodles.  It was delicious. 

The lounge had a three piece jazz band that was fabulous.  The lead singer could really play the harmonica well.  Very cool place.  Will recommend this place to our friends and go back for sure.笑
Our first visit to Remington's was on a recent weeknight.  We made reservations but they certainly were not needed as the dining room was nearly empty.  By contrast the bar lounge area was rather busy.  A piano and lounge singer could be heard into the dining room, kind of a nice background that we did enjoy.  Others have raved about this being a classy place.  I sure didn't get that vibe.  It was more 80's dated hotel restaurant than classy to me.

We had a very attentive waiter who served us well.  There seemed to be a lot of servers with a lot of busy acitivty, constantly in and out of swinging doors.  There was a large group in a private closed off dining area.  We noticed most patrons were in their Senior years.  Maybe they alternate between here and Charleston's?

Between us we ordered steak & grilled salmon with a potato dish to share and a couple of side salads.  The steak was not cooked as requested but we didn't bother to send it back.  Salmon was unremarkable.  The tomato mozzarella salad was abundant but yellow tomatoes were inedible mush and the red tomatoes were just flavorless.  Lyonnaise potatoes were a tad greasy.  Dinners are all ala carte.  Nothing was particularly bad, just nothing to get excited about.  I felt like I was dining in a hotel restaurant, food was delivered with plastic covers like they use in room service dining.  

Overall I have to say I was simply underwhelmed.  After reading other reviews I had greater expectations for Remington's.  At a total of $84 (no alcohol) we expected more.  If I were a hotel guest on an expense account, maybe I would have felt differently. For the money, next time I would drive just down the street and go to Ruth's Chris.  We won't be hurrying back to Remington's.笑
Can't say I'd recommend this place after having to send back a kobe burger twice; asked for it medium rare and got it extremely well done, the second time as though I insulted the chef he sent it out still cold in the middle and barely cooked on the outside.   I'm not a picky eater and have never sent food back twice; the last place I'd expect to do that is at a place that charges 40 dollars for a plate of food.

I thought service was good, considering there is someone up front seating people I'm not sure how the other people got lost or didn't ask for a menu after 10 minutes.  

The rest of the food was good, appetizer sampler was good, cedar plant salmon and vegetables were very tasty and onion rings were surprisingly huge and breaded instead of battered.

Kind of hard to give a great review when I had to send back the hamburger twice and decided to just share the salmon with my wife.  

The did comp desert, but it was fairly meaningless as we had a groupon and had gone a fair bit under the total anyways due to not getting the second meal.笑
I was at a convention in Phoenix and stayed the Scottsdale Plaza Resort for about 5 days... My husband and I stopped in at the bar of the Remington's Restaurant to listen to music one evening. We stood around to be seated for about 15 min and never could get the waitress to acknowledge us.  there were a couple of empty tables so we finally seated ourselves at one of the tables. Many of the guests that were there were getting ready to leave. We waited to get drinks for about an hour. She kept coming past us bringing bills to other tables around us and then she would disappear for 10 min. (it wasn't busy at all!!) I would notice her sitting by the entrance to the restaurant entrance when she wasn't bringing bills to other guests that were leaving.  My husband finally went to the bar to order our drinks at which point she comes over to us to apologize for being so "busy". She asked if she could bring us water, I said yes, we would like to have water.  A couple of minutes later, I saw here sitting at the restaurant entrance.. never got our water.  My husband and I travel frequently and we eat out a fair amount, and  I honestly have never experienced such terrible service.笑
Don't believe any bad reviews. We had an excellent meal. I had the duck which prepared perfectly. My husband had the Buffalo Rib eye which was very tender and very flavorful. Demi glacé sauce was classic. The service from Victoria our server was beyond impeccable. Our server could not have done a better job with our table. Really nice place, worth it, go there. Your welcome.笑
To start, I would give zero stars if an option. It is not so I will give it one start due to force not by choice. The menu is small and limited to very few options. This also goes for the dessert menu. If you do not like meat do not go here for the salads are so small not big enough for a meal. You WILL be STARVING. The service was also horrible I asked for a desert menu twice. The second time was from a manager and I still did not get one. I ended up with a large group starving for nothing I am able to eat and no accommodations madr or willing to be made. There loss of money. Worst service ever experienced.笑
Still the worst service ever, they charge $5 per person at table. The quality of food and taste is bad.Portions of chicken is not even a full chicken piece, they put chicken on celery mush.Caesar salad not a true salad, it had spice in it, cheesecake was made with spice. If something did not taste right, they did not take off bill.Management did not care at all.笑
Happy hour was a good value. Decent wines for $3.50 and a nice atmosphere, though dated as were the other guests.. HAHA. Dinner in the dining room was lovely.  Everything was great... however, not special enough to return to or go out of our way to get here. We came since we were staying at the hotel.笑
Had an awesome experience here. The food was great. The ambience was even better. Service was amazing.
We are very picky with our food and restaurants. We definitely give this place 5 stars.笑
Went here with a friend and had great service. Ordered the salmon. It was moist and delicious. Went to the lounge to listen to a singer. She was really great. Will go there again.笑
I traveled to Remington's on a business outing and overall the experience was worthy of a second look and a review. First I would agree with Carol about not needing a reservation because for the most part the restaurant was slow, yet the bar did have quite a few patrons (mostly an older crowd / vibe) 

We started with a cocktail hour and had wonderful service and attention from multiple members of their friendly staff. This went as flawless as a boozie could want things.

When we sat for dinner we were greeted with a friendly waiter and salty bread rolls / giant crackers. These were quite tasty but a little overboard on the salt for a health buff like myself. 

The spinach salad was a perfect start and everything was very fresh and well presented. I ordered the rack of lamb which had a oriental and mint kick to it and was quite good, except I felt was a little under cooked to my order specifics. The side dishes I felt could have been included with the meals and not a 6 dollar add on to everything. Not to sound like a cheap ass but the price point was a little high for the food we ordered so expect to pay at least 50 a head when you travel to Remingtons. 

Overall the ambivalence was good and the food was good. I would recommend this place to a friend if they were still enticed to go after my review.笑
Went using a Groupon. The rib eye was gristly and bland . New York strip  was simply awful.  Had to use A1 sauce to add flavor. Poor cuts of meat. Mushrooms were canned! Service was good but the food is yucky. I would never go back. A one star restaurant at best.笑
Very nice older crowd having fun.If you like singing to a live piano player and singing 1950's song's? You will love this place.Just a little to old of crowd for me.笑
My favorite Happy Hour bar in Scottsdale!  Food is always great and the staff is always there to take care of your needs!  Manhattans are fanblastic... Uhmmm!!!笑
Really enjoy Friday nights with Jimmy in the lounge.  Great music to dance with your friends.  The drinks are exceptional with James.  Stop by and try it.笑
Went with another couple with Groupon. Sat in the bar since there was no one in the dining room and there was a piano player in the bar. The bar was about 1/3 full of very old "cougars". Two waitresses who thought they were slammed with business. We waited 30 minutes to get waited on and finally ordered our own drinks and dinner from the bartender.  Food was average and the wait staff was HORRIBLE! Will NEVER go there again.笑
The steaks were highly recommended to us and the sand dabs! So that's what we ordered, the ribeye steak..

Complimentary bread is given before your meal.

The rib eye steak has some delicious wine gravy  with mushrooms.

The sand dabs were tasty but the steak was the winner tonight!

Not too pricey, but affordable for a date night.笑
Huge portions. Bread pudding is different, sliced and toasted.  Wanted to LOVE this place as most of the staff was very nice but it's just okay..  Good if you're into quantity.  Some of the servers are older and a bit too relaxed for my taste as I'm from the Bay Area and I'm used to quick and efficient service.   We stayed here at the hotel.  Grounds could be fantastic if someone (with lots of money) would update the place but now it's just outdated.   Great value for the money.笑
Very limited menu is uninspired.  Prices not in line with food quality.  Filet mignon was ordered medium well.  Outside charred but inside pink and undercooked. Sauce was spicy and unlike any steak I was ever served.  Complained about meat and they simply washed the meat & vegetables and returned them on a new plate. I had to ask for a fork twice when they were removed by the waiter.  Management & staff were pleasant but we came for the food, which was a great disappointment.  Past experiences were good but after this one, we will not return.笑
My husband and I have eaten here in the past but it had been awhile...  We had drinks and dinner about a month ago and had some issues with food and service.  Manager "Megan" told us, "Please give me the chance to make it right next time," so we went back last week.  We are VERY glad we did, because the meal and service were just wonderful.  We had the Crab Cakes Appetizer and Sand Dabs Entrees (we both love Sand Dabs and they are so difficult to find here) with a side of Sauteed Mushrooms and all were delicious. Thank you very much!  We will be back!笑
Terrible, bland food.  The cracker they brought out with the bread was STALE, the butter so hard it cracked it.  Shrimp appetizer, bland, no flavor.  Crab cakes, salt, no other flavor.  Tuna man dish, totally unexciting and not the best quality either.  Even desert was sub par.  Skip this one.笑
Remington's has a lovely atmosphere and we have had superb service from the hostess to the wait staff. They are always willing to modify a dish to my needs. The chicken piccata is fantastic. My husband loved the beef tip Marsala. They are just really friendly. We have been coming back and forth from Tucson constantly for five weeks and we live both the hotel and Remington's.笑
Pathetic times 10!!!!!! Attended the Paradise Valley Car Show and went to Remington's for a 'fine buffet' following. The price was never an issue but
the incredible lack of quality certainly was. Nearly 50 bucks for 2 and served
was bagged cole slaw, worse than Circle K pizza, cold burger sliders, and
rolled tortillas soaked with sauce with nothing in them disguised as enchiladas.
If you do read the reviews for this place, realize most are written by employees.
Remington's should be ashamed. This car show was a benefit for the troops.笑
Overall very pleased with entire experience...the ambience of Remingtons is a throw back to the glory days of fine dining...we were met at the entrance by a very friendly hostess...as soon as we were seated a very polite well dressed young man placed napkins/complete dinnerware  ( very clean) on the table...shortly after we were poured water (again very clean stemware ) and served hot delicious dinner rolls...our server Victoria introduced herself and took our drink orders...I could see out the corner of my eye that she kept an eye on us and when there was a lull in our conversation she came over and took our order...a young man in a suit came over and asked if we would like another basket of rolls (I love a Manger that pays attention to his guests!)...the appetizers came out and were beautifully plated...once we finished our appetizers a busser cleared the table in a timely manner (again love the attentiveness!)..entrees came out and again beautifully presented and hot!..Victoria kept checking in on us to ask if there was anything else we needed...once we were finished with our food plates were taken away and we were told about desserts...ordered the "Baked Alaska"..we were not disappointed!!...we will definitely be back and will be sure to tell any friends coming to Scottsdale to make Remingtons a priority if they want to experience fine dining the way it's meant to be enjoyed!!笑
My friend suggested this place based on the filet and the singer. Well the singer we expected wasn't there. But the filet? Touche! The crowd this particular night, was...of the elderly/senior citizen type range. But honestly, it was kind of different and fun. No snooty Scottsdale bimbos or night club douches. Just happy couples dancing, sharing drinks at the bar. We sat in the bar/lounge area and listened to the jazz singer. Also a senior citizen! lol But again, fun and refreshing! He sang Sinatra and Dino and chatted up the audience. I don't recall his name. The lamb chop appetizer we started with was delicious! One of my favorite "every day" wines, Silver Oak Pinot was a nice accompaniment. They also offered us a fresh batch of "potato chips" as a snack and they were awesome! These were NOT Ruffles! Yummy. We had salads after the appetizer. The filet was very good, presentation of the food was very nice and the prices were reasonable.  Probably $100-$125 minus the cost of the wine. Our waitress was wonderful. Very friendly and patient. Very attentive. The hostess was helpful in trying to let us know when the singer we were wanting to see would next be performing. So overall, this was a great restaurant for a casual cozy dinner. I wouldn't say you're going to meet someone you can take up to Pussycat Lounge with you-or maybe, who knows! lol But great food, service, and envireonment. Try it out!笑
This restaurant is located at the Scottsdale Plaza Resort as a standalone restaurant with a beautiful outside patio and large bar/ lounge area.  They had a piano player playing that night but they told me they also have live jazz on other nights.  I was invited to dinner their by a family member who had some kind of deal from one of those 'groupon' like sites. I thought they would give us a hard time because of the deal but the staff was very friendly and happy to take it. 
As they say with hospitality as warm as the AZ sun. I have to say the service was EXCELLENT, the server was very friendly and attentive. I told him I was new to the area and he made a lot of great recommendations of things close by to go see and do. He went out of his way to make this was a meal to remember. As for the food it was wonderful  ordered the Grilled Atlantic Salmon with lemon and dill butter. Oh it was sooo good I had to finish it all笑
There's no doubt about it, Remington is a classy place. The servers are well-dressed, the live music superb, and the experience is a perfect excuse to dress up a bit.  

That having been said, while the portions are generous (and the homemade kettle chips worth the trip), I found my Kobe Beef Burger a bit on the plain side.  I'd normally be okay with this, but having paid close to $20 for my meal, I couldn't help but walk out the door a bit disappointed.  

Overall, Remington's is a classy establishment, but it's important to know that you're paying for the atmosphere moreso than anything else.笑
We went to Remington's for a romantic 25th anniversary dinner an it did not disappoint. Service was outstanding Edward made sure we had a slow 3 course meal as we had asked for.

Started with beef carpaccio and a Caesar kale salad both had interesting, refreshing herbs and pops. 

 I had the Colorado lamb, mesquite grilled; served with cinnamon scented cous cous, sautéed tomatoes and ginger, drizzled with savory basil honey vinaigrette and my husband had the free range, all natural roasted half chicken, served with grilled asparagus, celery root puree
and a natural chicken jus. Both were outstanding and melted in our mouths.

For desert we both ordered the chili chocolate brule. OMG the sweet mixed with the hot was exceptional. Best I have ever had and I rarely order desert.

Then we went to the very cozy romantic lounge sitting comfortable chairs and listen to the jazz sipping our martinis. Yes the place is pricey but it was worth every penny and it is old school hard to find these kind of places anymore笑
I was looking to take my mom out to nice dinner for her birthday. I made reservations online and put in the comment section that we were celebrating my moms birthday. I was surprised to not get a confirmation that they had received my reservation. I had to call the restaurant direct to confirm that they had received it ok. The hostess was very nice and stated that they had received it and also noted that we were celebrating a birthday.

Now for the night of dinner. I was very surprised to walk into an empty restaurant and only find one other table (must have been a VIP table as the executive chef was their speaking with the table). The lounge area looked like there was a private birthday function. The music for lounge are was very lively and sounded wonderful. The waiter arrived and brought us water I asked to look at the wine menu. He came back about five minutes later, I ordered a glass of cab and my mom (birthday girl) ordered an ice tea. We also ordered an order of crab cakes as an appetizer. About 6- 8 mins later the appetizer came out with this plastic dome that you use to reheat food in the microwave so it does not splatter everywhere. The first thing that I noticed when the dome came off was that the crab cakes were burned. I was very skeptical that the crab cakes would be edible since they looked burned. First bite was crunchy and dry. When the waiter came back I asked him if he could have the chef that was still talking with the "VIP Table"  since we had arrived at the restaurant. A few minutes later the chef arrived at our table and we showed him the dry and burned crab cakes. He apologized and re-fired the crab cakes. The second round of crab cakes came out the same way as the first. We just ate them and moved on hoping that the next course would be better. 

After our first course was cleared we had noticed that now the assistant manager was now the person speaking with the couple at the "VIP" Table. It was also nice to see that it looked that there was someone celebrating a birthday in the lounge area and they were taking a desert with a candle. As the waitress presented the dessert the band that was playing sang Happy Birthday. 

As our main course came out I had noticed that our drinks had yet to come out. I asked the waiter about our drinks and he had to ask our orders again because he could not remember.

I had ordered a new york strip medium rare that came out again with the clear plastic dome and my mother had ordered a shrimp dish. Looking at my moms dish she was served many very large shrimp and my steak was presented well with a garnish of mashed potatoes. As soon as In cut into my steak I had noticed that it was extremely over cooked. (How do you mess up a quality piece of meat?) I asked the waiter to let me speak to the chef again so he could take a look at  the meat. We waited about 5 mins and no chef came. I noticed that the waiter went over to the "VIP" table and spoke to the manager and she came over. She asked if there was something wrong with my dish. I had stated to her that I was waiting to speak to the executive chef and she stated the chef had gone home "because he was no longer needed," Really I guess my table meant nothing since the VIP table already had gotten their dessert. I asked the manager what she thought the temperature was on my steak and she immediately stated medium well. No where near medium rare. Again she offered to re-fire my main course. As I was waiting for the steak to come out our sides that we had ordered got cold. Finally about ten minutes later my new steak comes out and I touch it with my fork and notice that the steak is very soft. I then cut into the steak and sure enough its completely cold red center. I looked at the manager and told her that there was no way that this steak was cooked to 135 degrees for a medium rare steak. She said that it was a 135 degree steak. I then told her I would keep it since my mom had already finished her mea which she said was very good. On a side note the macaroni and 4 cheese was very good. 

Now comes to the bill why was I not surprised to see I was fully charged for a horrible meal. The only saving grace was that I had a groupon for the dinner. But still seemed to be very expensive $100 for a new york strip, shrimp, order of crab cakes, 1 glass of wine, 1 iced tea, and two sides.

But then I was even more shocked that they did not even wish my mom a happy birthday or even bring her a dessert how they had for the other couple.

This whole evening was a very disappointing. I was shocked on how bad of quality of food and customer service for signature restaurant at a Scottsdale resort.
I was wanting a special night for a my mom and was seriously disappointed. There are many more placed within 2 or 3 blocks that are better that this restaurant for the same price point.笑
If you're at this resort and have no means of getting into town, this isn't all that bad. Service is good and food is well prepared, but with all the other options in Scottsdale, why settle? There was actually a live Jazz singer in the lounge who was quite good, so, overall, I had a positive experience here.

One thing this place is great for is group dinners. We had a fairly small group of 6, but saw others with 10-12 in their parties sitting around long tables to accommodate.笑
If you've got the time, then Remington's is the place.  I made reservations on line for a Wed. night at 7, and they even called to confirm but when we showed up they had no clue who we were.  The maitre de said 'no problem, give me a minute' and then disappeared.  We were left standing for 10 minutes before a hostess came to seat us.  We assumed they were clearing a table and were surprised when we were led into an almost empty dining room.  
We were seated and although someone brought us water almost immediately, it was another 10 minutes before our server showed up and asked if we wanted menus!  NO let me guess what you have!  A few minutes later, she came back with the menus and left us alone again.  Assuming this was how the evening was going to go, we decided to skip any appetizers and just order, eat & get out as quickly as possible.  Unfortunately, Remington's must have liked our company because it seems they wanted to keep us there for as long as possible.  Our salads arrived promptly at 8 (1 hour after being seated).  Shortly after, someone dropped off a basket of dinner rolls -  butter would have been a nice touch.  We finished our salads and sat waiting for our entrees.  And sat and waited and sat and waited.  At 8:30 our entrees were finally delivered.  We ate our meals and as she was clearing our plates we asked for the check so we could make our exit.  And again we waited.  The time stamp on our receipt shows she rang us up a little after 9 but it was almost 9:30 before we allowed to sign the bill & get out. 
The one redeeming factor of Remington's is the food.  I had the tomato/onion salad and pork chop while my g/f had the baby spinach salad and shrimp.  All were wonderful and certainly worth the price on the menu, but not worth the time.笑
Food was average, prices too high for this and they love to keep you at the bar for as long as possible.  For this area, Din & Charlie's is far superior. Better pricing, food and service!!!笑
After a little too much sun, we didn't feel like venturing off the resort property for dinner. Remington's is decorated very rustic and nicely. When we waiting to be seated, the manager came up to seat some others waiting and never acknowledged us. When he did, no smile, no welcome, nothing. A sober look as he sat us. The menu was very small and dated. The entrees as well as the music was 1980's. Meanwhile, in the bar, there is live music so you hear the blended music all through dinner- Boy George and lounge music, it felt like you were in between 2 radio stations. It was extremely unnerving while trying to enjoy dinner. However, when the food was brought out, it was disappointing. The sand dabs were so breaded and had the frozen taste. The rib eye was cooked well but the menu is so out dated. The fresh rolls and creme Brule was good.
It was one of the worst dinners we have had. The one saving grace was our waiter, Greg. He was personable, friendly, great service. He is a gem in this place. As culinary professionals, is was so disheartening to see a place that could have such potential, have such lousy food and menu and to have a manager with no personality. Love the resort- would never eat there again.笑
It's been years since we came to Remington's for the jazz, but never went there for dinner, although we often said we should try it. A good Groupon came along and we decided now was as good as time as any. 

You can't use Open Table to book a reservation, but you can through their website...supposedly. It's an email form which you enter all the pertinent data, which we did, and received a "Success!" response. What does that mean? We expected to get an email confirmation, but didn't. Went through the email reservation process again...."Success!" Huh? Still no confirmation. So we ended up calling. They were genuinely surprised and apologetic that the email reservation process didn't work, and said they'd alert the manger. When we arrived, and were queried if we had a reservation, we said yes and then briefly mentioned the email issue. Turned out the gentleman who was there said he heard about that (so I guess the message did get relayed!) and they were looking into it as reservations aren't supposed to go into a black hole. They really should use Open Table and be done with it :)

The décor is a bit strange - a lot of 80's faux painting. The area we sat had faux painted walls, the ceiling was a faux painted sky complete with clouds, and rows of Greek columns (faux painted) and a wooden pergola over the seating areas. The artwork included a couple of large round 'plates' encased in Lucite on the walls - contemporary feeling, or maybe even a bit native feeling.  There were booths and tables, some tables had high-backed chairs, others not. We got the high-backs, which were quite comfortable, and helped with the privacy as diners must walk through this room to get to other areas of the restaurant.

Our server was friendly and allowed us some time to enjoy our drinks before telling us the specials of the night which was appreciated. The spinach salad was good - just your standard fare, ditto for the mixed green salad. Entrees included the broiled cedar plank salmon and broiled garlic shrimp with lemon butter. The salmon was very good, perfectly prepared. The (5) shrimp were a good size, but unfortunately, not quite cooked long enough. They probably could've used another 30-60 seconds to be perfect, but the sauce was flavorful. 
After dinner, we went to hear the jazz. This is really the reason you go to Remington's. Although the restaurant is nice, it is a pricey. The service was good and the food decent, but the jazz...it's incredible and world-class. It is an older crowd (there were some octogenarians dancing!!) so if you are wanting a dark, bluesy kind of place, this isn't it. But if you want to hear really good jazz and don't mind a more mature clientele, this is it.

Will we go back for dinner? Possibly. Will we not wait years to go back for the jazz? Absolutely!笑
I met some friends here for drinks one recent Friday night.  What a kick!  I always wanted to find someplace like the bar in the movie "Swingers" where the husband and wife are singing "Staying Alive".  This was it.  

They had a pretty good jazz band that night.  I think they are regulars.  The drinks were serviceable and the food was actually excellent.  

This is definitely a place to bring your parents or grandparents.  It's also a great place to go if you just want to kick back and enjoy good jazz.

Cheers!笑
When 4 people agree that we had a fabulous meal last nite, it deserves a 5 star!
It's kind of sad that Hotel restaurants often fall off the radar ; however, this restaurant should be up there with the best of Scottsdale.  We were there many years ago, and for some reason we decided to try it again.  It was a Tuesday nite and they weren't very busy, unfortunately.  But the service was superb, very attentive servers.  We all had something different: Scottish Salmon, Scallops, roasted chicken, and I had the Muscovy Duck with couscous and a Madeira Sauce, and it was spot on!  It was done to my perfection, with a bit of crisp skin on the exterior and moist on the inside.  I didn't share a morsel with anyone because it was that good!  The restaurant kind of reminds me of restaurants with a truly delicious menu, but things that are from the past.  But it was refreshing because all the new restaurants have fusions of every country, etc.  This was just simply plain delicious food with the sauces you rarely see because they take so much time to prepare such as bernaise, mornay, Madeira, etc.
The bread basket was filled with rolls and Lavash, which I completely forgot about because it is so delicate and breaks so easily that not many restaurants use it anymore. I forgot, My husband and I shared a kale caesar salad, and it, too, was perfect! I say hats off to the chef and the staff. DELICIOUS!  I hate to talk about price, but if you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant, this isn't the place for you.  If you are looking for quality at a fair price, this is it!笑
Awesome , casual dressy romantic place, my husband and I came for the first time and landed on their happy hour with musicians so loving and relaxing and to our surprise they sell cigars!!!!! Love it more! I surely recommended this awesome place in the heart of the beautiful Scottsdale.笑
We had a great meal. Justin was a very attentive server.  We both had Cesar salads I had swordfish my husband had sand dabs both were great. Husband had a perfect Manhattan he said it was perfect.笑
Upon check in, my husband enjoyed a quick dinner and beer. The bartender introduced him to a local beer, the Kilt Lifter, which he enjoyed for the length of our stay. We returned a few nights later and enjoyed some dessert. It was very convenient and friendly staff.笑
The food here is absolutely delicious! The lounge has a live piano player and homemade potato chips in small silver bowls along the bar. The wine list is short but I found a very good French red on the list and the bartender even allowed me to taste a couple of other wines when I was undecided. 
I had a tomato and mozzarella salad to start, good soft thick slabs of cheese and the tomatoes came in both red and yellow slices. 
Filet mignon and scallops were all cooked perfectly and the particular dish I had was served scampi-style and was absolutely smothered in garlic, which I love, breath be damned! The garlic mashed potatoes were a little flat, though. Weird.笑
This is the worst restaurant I have been in a long time! My husband, my son and his girl friend and I went there last Friday for dinner and had a very bad and expensive dinning experience. I had a cold so I asked for French onion soup. It was so salty that it was Not edible. I complained to  the waitress and she offered to change for their soup of the day which was New England Clam chowder. Unfortunately this soup was worse than the other one as though the cook dropped the salt shaker in it accidentally. My throat started burning!! It was terrible. I told our waitress and asked her to try it for herself. She then said she would bring a sorbet to heal my throat. 
My husband $40 rib-eye steak was also extremely salty and terrible. No one was happy with their dinner.
The shock came when they charged $9 for my inedible French Onion soup! We paid and did not make a scene, but that was unfair !笑
Great food!  If you want cheap streak meal, go to sizzler.  This is quality food and will cost a bit more.  They are running great promotions and specials.
I had the rack of lamb, it was awesome!  Wife had scallop scampi, she loved it!  Great service and atmosphere.  Low ratings are due to old menu and chef from months ago.  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone that wants a great dining experience and great food.  We both were so full from plenty of food, we split the Carmel gelato dessert. It also was awesome.笑
Nice atmosphere. Wife and I ordered the Swordfish, and bacon wrapped filet mignon. The Swordfish was excelent, but the Steak was nothing to be excited about. Clearly the cook doesnt know how to cook things to order, as I asked for it to be cooked "Medium well", and It came out medium rare. The butter for the bread could only have been harder if it were frozen in liquid N2. The bread was good, as was the salad. The plastic covers on the food (when its brought out) are kinda "cheezy", in that it feels as if some sort of "room service" is delivering my food. However, the temps were fine, nice and hot. The reason for the 2 start rating Im leaving is as follows:
First, as mentioned, the steak was not cooked correctly. If your gonna brag about your steak, you better be sure you have a cook that knows how to cook it correctly.  Second, as my Wife and I were hungry, we didnt have the time to sit and stare at our food waiting for the server to come back and ask if its cooked as ordered. The server seemed to be too busy to regularly check on his customers in a timely manor. So I ate the parts of the meat that were cooked, and left the rest. If your looking for a nice steak, this isnt the place, unless you like it rare.....but then......if you order it that way, it may come out well done. Its a roll of the dice.笑
Maybe if I visited the lounge and enjoyed a cocktail while listening to jazz I would have liked it here. As far as the service, it was great. Gigi was awesome, very nice and attentive. The food was terrible. I had the mesquite grilled chicken with farfalle pasta and the sundried tomatoes were the best part of the dish. Way too much sauce and nothing special. My husband got the chicken piccata and it was awful. The sauce had absolutely no flavor, apparently they don't season anything and it tasted like it was out of a can. It came in a plastic dome cover like it was hospital food. Kind of tasted like it, too. The roasted vegetables were decent but the garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special. The decor was seriously lacking. Not impressed and I won't be back.笑
Six of us went to dinner on Saturday evening to celebrate a birthday. When we entered the restaurant we did notice that there were two very large groups in side rooms. We were seated at the far end of the dining room where it was nice & quiet. Our waitress arrived promptly but was extremely harried & had difficulty staying focused on us long enough to take our order. The drinks arrived quickly and that was the last good thing that occurred in the entire evening. The salads took about an hour to be served. When she brought the salads we asked the waitress about our meals and she said that perhaps she should put our order in. We had to ask for bread & butter. At this point we called the manager over to complain & suggested that a complimentary round of drinks might be appropriate. His response was that he did not have the authority to do that. Another 45 minutes brought us our dinners. Unfortunately, they were inedible. The sauce for the sand dabs (which were way too large to really be sand dabs) had been sitting for so long that it had completely congealed. It did not pour even when you turned the gravy boat upside down; the same with the sauce on the chicken piccatta. One of the meals was so overcooked it had to be sent back. The manager was once again called for & he saw to the food being sent back to the kitchen. When the food came back it was barely edible but we still had not been served any of our side dishes & the dish that was overcooked had not been replaced. Ten minutes later side dishes started to arrive, not the ones that we ordered but whatever the kitchen had sitting around. This whole horrible evening had started at 6:30 pm. At 9 pm we got up from the table having never really had our dinner. The waitress came running over with our bill. Our response was that we had never eaten dinner & should not have to pay for it. Once again we got to talk to the manager. Instead of trying to make us happy & inviting us to come back and give them another chance to make things right, he accepted the fact that we would not pay & let us walk out the door. The six of us went out for yogurt because we were really very hungry. It was certainly not how we planned on celebrating our friend's birthday.笑
The waitress Gigi was amazing,  The hostess Lucy was wonderful.  The food was fine, just overpriced.  If you like paying a lot more money than you would have to at 20 other restaurants in the area, it's very nice.   Just fyi,  it's mostly an older crowd.  LIke 70 older, not 50 older like we are.笑
It is our understanding this restaurant is under new management.  The hostess Lucy is a pure joy.  Always has a smile on her face, attentive and is one of the MAIN reasons we frequent Remington's.  We have seen many changes at this establishment and continue to see more which is refreshing.  The food is great for the price and we consider Remington's a hidden secret in PV.  It is a really nice place to relax and not have to fight a crowd or tons of noise to enjoy an evening meal.笑
The only thing that saved this place was the French Onion Soup!  That's the only reason I could think of to come back!  The perfect French Onion soup.  Otherwise it would've been a 2 star.

The service was great.  They were mostly spot on with the water, timing, etc and very nice about it.  

We got the ribeye and the Beef Tip Marsala dish.  Oddly the beef tip dish was head and shoulders above the ribeye at this "steakhouse" though there wasn't much to say about it.  

The ribeye was HORRENDOUS!  The meat was obviously frozen and thawed at least once, possibly vacuum packed for like a 2 years.  It had no natural juices anymore to speak of and had the texture of a frozen beef entree.  They tried to hide this by putting a bunch of salt and some brown gravy on it.  Really???  I'm not sure even the grill marks are real!  The scalloped potatoes that came with it was a sloppy mess.  The cream sauce had obviously broken and there was just a pool of oil on top and sludge at the bottom.  They probably froze and reheated those too!

Get the soup!  I wouldn't risk anything else!笑
This was the worst dining experience that I've ever had.   Two couples came into the restaurant with 2 separate travel zoo vouchers.  When it came time for the bill the "manager" they had on duty would not at first honor the voucher because we sat in the bar area, rather than normal restaurant.

Once we got over that hurdle he tried to explain that they have a "special" way of processing the vouchers that seemed like it was designed to alter what is stated on the voucher.  1.5 hrs later we were still arguing over the bill and he kept sending the poor waitress to deliver the bad news rather than showing up to our table himself.  Do not go!笑
I used to love going to Remington's for a  special dinner.  The food was outstanding and the service was always excellent.  We celebrated many holidays with a lovely prix fixe menu in front of the fireplace in their charming dining room .   Sadly, over the past 2 or 3 years, the quality has dropped dramatically.   We were there for Christmas last month and paid over $200 for the prix fixe menu they were serving, along with a couple glasses of wine each.   I had the prime rib and my husband had some type of fish.  Both dinners were very average, and well below average considering the price we paid.  

Since even the best restaurant can have a bad night, we went there again last night for dinner.  My husband had the shrimp and crab combo, which was three very small shrimp and a couple very small crab legs.  He was still hungry when we got home.  I had the wedge salad and the crab cakes.  The wedge salad consisted of a very small chunk of  iceberg lettuce, a few pieces of red onion, and three small and rather tasteless tomatoes, with a blob of very thin "industrial" blue cheese dressing.  There was no bacon, no blue cheese crumbles, and pretty much no flavor.    The crab cakes were small, hard on the outside, and extremely salty.  There was a sauce that came with them that also was very salty - I'm not sure what the flavor was supposed to be.  I gave one to my husband, since his dinner was so sparse.

The prices at Remington's are comparable to what you would pay for a lovely dinner at Morton's or Fleming's; however, food is no longer anywhere close to the quality that you would receive at either of those places.  It used to be, and the fact that it's now so very lackluster is terribly disappointing.  The service is still very good, but even the best of service can't make up for poor quality and unappetizing food.    It you're staying at the hotel, at least it's convenient, but that's about the only advantage.

I was surprised that I couldn't use Open Table to make reservations, and you have to call them directly.  At Christmas, I never got a confirmation call back when I left a voice mail, and it took three calls to finalize my reservation.    Since I don't think we'll go there again in the future, I guess them not using Open Table won't present a problem.  It's a shame that a place that used to one of the nicer places to dine in Scottsdale has gone downhill to the point that I don't expect we'll ever go back.  I guess once you start seeing a place coming up all the time as a special on Groupon or DoubleTakeDeals, you know it's because they are feeling desperate.  Now I can see why.笑
Great service, tasty food, and world class jazz happening in the lounge. Went for the first time to hear the music, but had a full dinner in the lounge. The two pianists-vocalists, Danny Long and Judy Roberts are revered Chicago transplants, and Phoenix is all the richer for it. Danny's daughter Trish joined the duo for a number of songs, and it was really charming. The lounge is very comfortable, with a great bartender and an overall great vibe.笑
yes, delicious as everyone has yelped. the decor is nice, relaxing and romantic. it's spaced out so you don't feel you're sitting on top of the person next to you. there's was a piano and guitar player which was a nice touch. ordered the shrimp cocktail that was 4 big shrimps and a tab spicy red cocktail sauce. i ordered the king crab legs with garlic shrimp and i wasn't disappointed. the Cinnamon bread pudding was yummy! will return.笑
I bought a groupon to bring my mother here for her birthday. I ordered the beet salad which was pretty good except for the fact there was too much balsamic vinegar, moms caprasi like salad was swimming in way too much oil, I ordered the ahi tuna as my main dish, mom ordered salmon on the plank with a maple/ pecan topping. My tuna was cold & dry. Moms salmon was fishy & just plain awful. We ordered a side of asparagus which was good. We both returned our main course for chicken picotta & I got the prime rib which was over cooked and filled with tons of fat. I showed our waitress (who was wonderful) the big, thick, rubbery piece of fat that I couldn't even cut through. I was just fed up & through. We complained of course. One of the managers who had a very charming French accent & nice disposition apologized a few times which really didn't mean much since I had to use my groupon no matter what. The other manager said they don't usually get complaints. I didn't like his attitude or the way he treated us as he said they wouldn't charge us for the extra food. Oh my gosh!!! Really?! He was dismissive & didn't seem to care too much that've were so unhappy about the lack of quality in 
the food. The food was awful & I wouldn't go back there if it were the last restaurant on earth! I don't understand why the tables were all filled with guests. It's not a cheap place either!!!笑
The food was very good, a little overpriced. 
We went for my daughters birthday. I had purchased a groupon. 
The waiter gave my daughter a complimentary dessert. I thought this was very nice. I felt obligated to purchase another as well...
The waiter then told us the dessert was not complimentary - after we ate it - and billed us for it. 
I thought this was in poor taste to do on my 16 year olds birthday. 
I will not be going back due to the tacky service. The dessert was $10, the experience left a bad taste.笑
Went to Remington's back in 2014 and it was mediocre. However we bought a Groupon that appeared to be a decent deal and thought that the next time we were in Scottsdale we would use it.  We made reservation for 5:30 (early and we are taking 2 friends) on Friday the 27th. I called on Monday just to be sure everything was set.  It was confirmed and I even told them we were using a Groupon.  When we arrived we were told we did not have reservations.  I even knew who I confirmed with on Monday!  I was told they did not have a table and would not.  We could see empty tables all over. Lucy (hostess) tried to be helpful but there was a young man helping her with no name tag that was VERY disagreeable.  He was curt and abrasive........there were NO tables and YOU do not have a reservation.  It was not just us that he was rude to there was another couple in line that were 10  minutes late for their reservation and he told them they did not have a table either! I will contact Groupon and ask for my money back.  The food was really not great and if I am going to be treated like this way I will hit a drive through.  At least they don't make you wait and they throw the meal out the window to you.笑
Outstanding service and attentiveness from Manager, Michael Mignella and his staff. Michael has obviously set the tone for teamwork, team spirit and customer service with a sincere attitude and smile!

Michael accommodated the needs of an impromptu gathering of business women that wanted to hear each other talk, enjoy wine and a light dinner.

I highly recommend Michael & Remington's for being a business that takes care of business!笑
Eat in the bar.  The homemade potato chips are awesome.  The baseball steak is terrific and a bargain.

Yeah the clientele is mostly older people who look like they were friends with Yoda as a young boy, but the vibe is fun and groovy -- where else can you watch old guys with a walker try and pick up on a 75 year old lady and dance?  The band is great, the wait staff totally accommodating.

Worth the trip if you want a hassle free dinner, great food, and easy/covenient service.笑
We have not been to Remington's in a long time so our son was coming in for Thanksgiving and it was my choice to go to Remington's,bad choice . My son and I both had the traditional turkey dinner it had to have been sitting in the back for some time before our waiter brought it out as it was crusted over and very dry,my wife had the filet with crab meat that you could barely see. It was the worst meal we have ever had and the service was just as bad our waiter was a fellow named Jamar he was a nice person but not a waiter,he would write things down and still forget them which really made for bad service when you have to wait for something like Au Jus that the waiter didn't even know what it was. Sorry to say but he's not ready for a place like Remington's maybe Denny's. I have lived here for 25 plus years and have only dined there once or twice and we sure won't be coming back for anything, we probably would have had a better meal at Denny's I know the service would have been better.笑
We must have come on a good night--the average age was only 65. :)  We are in our late 20s and got efficient service and decent drinks. Also, appetizers and salads were better that expected. But the entrees were diner-style dishes with a few fancy words drizzled around the menu to distract people who never studied French. The place also smells weird. But it was a new and different experience, and a nice excuse to head to Scottsdale. :)笑
Christmas prefix menu!  Remington's has been a signature Paradise Valley restaurant that I have driven by for many years.  We were guests at the adjacent hotel over Christmas and this made it convenient. Thankfully they offered a great menu to satisfy everyone in our party. 

Reservations were accepted for immediate seating and the hostess was very friendly.  We started out in the lounge with a cocktail and listened to the piano player while we enjoyed our Bailey's on the rocks. Christmas trees were lit up with twinkling lights so it was a beautiful festive atmosphere. I have to say the one thing I noticed was the "mature" crowd, so it's a perfect place to bring grandma, at least on this night.  A roaring fireplace offered a perfect backdrop. 

In the dining room we sat next to the fireplace but it had been turned off (I guess it got a little too warm-but would have been a nice touch if it was on) My sister forgot her reading glasses and after mentioning it to the manager jokingly, he immediately brought a pair of "cheaters" over for us to use.  What service!  I have to say I do miss that Arizona hospitality.  

The menu offered all of my favorite dishes so picking an entree was not easy.  For starters they offered the butternut squash soup or a Cesar salad or a harvest salad with roasted butternut squash and cranberries.  I know they all sound delicious.  I chose the Harvest salad. Fabulous and not filling just what I wanted. A bread basket was not left out and the kids always enjoy this-especially my picky eater. Next was another choice of yumminess.  Filet mignon or salmon or seafood Risotto?  There were more options but these my top three that kept me thinking...hmmm they all sound good. 

In the end I chose the risotto and my sister chose the filet which meant I would get to sample hers.  The risotto was very good but the filet was a mouthwatering explosion of savory moist juicy wonderfulness.  I really enjoyed the filet-and the shrimp in my risotto was a perfect compliment.  Since we had the kids with us, they did offer a mini pre-fix meal that included a choice of salad and entree that had turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes and cranberry sauce.  Dessert was also included and we all ordered the cheesecake.  It was okay-nothing outstanding it had some nuts and sauce and I don't think it was a good compliment.

Overall for the price $58 pp $25 for kids (which only one child ate) was a good value. Remington's offered a wonderful meal with attentive service and beautiful Southwestern decor.  

I don't think I would have ever chosen this restaurant especially with children. Thankfully we were not the only family there and despite the upscale ambiance we were not looked at cross-eyed when we brought in our kids.  There is a patio so I'm sure during warmer evenings this would be a nice dining alternative.笑
It is the little things that get you. I mean $3.25 for an ice tea that is entirely ridiculous.  A cup of soup for $8...it wasn't that special.  The prices are too high for the quality of food.  The patio is nice, the food fair.  The service definitely the highlight of the lunch.  I would say I choose another location for $115 (tip not included) for four of us at lunch.笑
A semi-caveat for this review since my two visits have both been work dinners with just a few options from which to choose so, I've never ordered from the main menu. That said however, the food both times has been bland and very uninspired. Some, including the mushy raspberries in the "fresh" fruit dessert, was just downright bad and the kitchen should be ashamed to let it hit the dining room floor. 

There were no hits and the other big misses were the too salty crab cakes and the steak ordered medium rare that came out medium well, dry and tough.  Service was passable but missed a number of empty glasses in front of various thirsty patrons. Cmon, we're in the desert and dehydrated!

The sports bar is a better, for the money, bet if you decide to dine on the resort property.笑
The ambiance of this place is a bit old peopleish

The prices are spendy

However, the food is outrageously good.

Lots of steaks, lobster, escargot, fancy french sauces, wines, and jazz.

It's pretty freakin' awesome, but wouldn't be good for people on a budget or people looking for a trendy restaurant to see and be seen at.笑
Strange, strange, strange.  We call for a reservation for 6:30 or 7.  We're told that they can only seat us at 5:30 or after 8.  We get there for 5:30 reservation and the place is empty.  Server was lovely.  Soup and salad course were fine.  Friend had crab cakes for dinner.  They were over cooked and under sauced.  I had free range chicken.  No special flavor.  Pretty ho hum.  Server was sweet and friendly the whole time...but there were many other staff members just walking the floor, clearly with nothing to do.  What about that evening rush???

We retired to the bar section to enjoy some live jazz (which was really good, I have to say), had a drink, and left.  When we got home, my friend had a voice mail message accusing us of ditching our bar tab.  1) We don't do that.  2)  We paid over $100 for dinner.  Why would we ditch on $25 bar tab? 3)  The bar server specifically looked at my cash and asked if I wanted change for a large bill.  She can't forget that moment.  4)  What restaurant calls a customer, basically to accuse them of leaving an open tab?

They offered us a complimentary dinner.  We will not take it.  But, that experience has definitely marked us for Remington's.  Never to be recommended to anybody.  Ever.  Sorry, Remington's.  Keep a better eye on your own staff, perhaps.笑
Celebrated our 40th Anniversary at Remington's. The Staff, Food and Ambience were a perfect setting for this evenings Special Occasion!笑
Stick with Ruth's Chris or Flemmings.  Most of the food was bland. We started with the onion rings and those were far less than expected. The rings are breaded and the breading is bland, but the onions are very sweet. We also had the mozzarella salad and that was quite tasty.  I ordered many sides and all the vegetables were bland. My partner ordered salmon and he said it was OK, but only OK for the price. The service was good but since we were the only diners, I would expect excellent service.  My advice if you go: try the mozzarella salad. It was the best of all the things we tasted.  But for the prices I would definitely go someplace else. I think there was a very good reason we were the only diners.笑
Good date night spot....

Our waiter was Jay, whom was very polite and proper with a good sense of humor and interesting watch. 

I ordered the rib eye steak cooked medium with scalloped potatoes. The steak was very good... The potatoes were decent but not very flavor filled. 

My appetizer was the sweet potato soup snd it was delicious! The creamy pumpkin accent was a great addition to the smooth sweet potato flavor!

Donna had the sand dab fish which was a flounder in a slightly breaded crust. It was rather delicious... The asparagus and wild rice complimented the fish very well. 

Caramel sea salt gelato for dessert was a great finishing touch for the experience.

Great ambiance and comfortable seating. 

Great view out the window of the mountains. 

I was too into eating that I forgot to take pictures of anything but the desert!笑
After looking at the menu and having a groupon burning in my pocket I was pretty excited to try out Remington's Restaurant.  Unfortunately that's as far as the excitement went as far as dining experience went. 

Pro's:
Location

Con's:
Fly landing on bread bowl
Host's dressed like morgue workers
Food comes out with plastic dome's over it to keep warm but really wasn't too warm anyways
Felt very dated inside 
Server pointed out total before groupon like I was going to stiff him on tip 

Overall I will not be back and wasn't impressed at all.  I guess if you are staying at the resort it's not a bad choice but I'd still go for a quick drive to one of the many other fine establishments within a short distance.笑
Came here Saturday evening with my boyfriend for Valentine's Day dinner. We sat on the super cute outdoor patio expecting to have a great time. However, from the start our server was extremely rude. As soon as she came to our table she gave us only the special v-day menus which was $60 per person, and told us they were out of wine lists so if we wanted one she would get us one (which she didn't even after we asked) We asked to see the standard menu and her response was, "sure, but it will take way longer than anything else". I ended ordering the pesto shrimp pasta which ended up being delicious, but when I had requested to substitute out the peppers, our waitress acted as if it was a hassle. She was not attentive at all. When she dropped of our bill she notified us that a 20% tip was automatically included because it was considered a "holiday". After that it made sense why she was acting like she didn't care about serving us, because she would get a big tip regardless of the service quality. My boyfriend barely even wanted to tip one dollar..  Probably would have given this place a higher rating if we got even halfway decent service.笑
Went to Remington's for AZ Restaurant Week. I got their free range chicken dish and I felt like they cut up a rotisserie chicken and brought it to me, they also took about 30 minutes to bring out my food and it was cold. Will not go there ever again.笑
[Note:  I must say first that I find Yelp to be fascinating.  I've had two of my reviews removed by Yelp; one a 5-star and one a 1-star.  They were probably the most honest reviews I'm capable of making.  I did contact Yelp following my first review being removed and learned they have "automated" software that supposedly removes reviews they find questionable.  Personally, I've lost all faith in Yelp.  You better be middle-of-the-road or they will remove them - or ....]

In short, Remington's was our worst experience with any restaurant in the Phoenix area in two decades.  Specifically I'm referring to service, however the food and menu were equally terrible.

I won't get into specifics, for fear that the "fair and balanced Yelp" might pull this review also, but there service simply abysmal from top-to-bottom

End.  I wouldn't want to say anything more that might upset Yelp's "automated" rejecter.  Given my experience, I now have reservations when reading Yelp review.笑
Wow what a wonderful meal we enjoyed here.  Great location, we sat on the beautiful and peaceful patio with a lovely view of Camelback Mountain.  Our service was excellent, we were well taken care of throughout the meal!  I am always nervous trying new places.  But we were very pleased with our experience and the food was delicious.
Our party of 4 ordered the Crab Cake, Sweet Potato Soup, French Onion Soup, Beet Salad, Caesar Salad and House Salad to start.  All were very good, both soups were outstanding.  Crab Cake was the least favorite.  I loved the corn relish but wished there had been a little more of it because the cake was a little dry without it and there wasn't enough to go around.
For entrees we had Shrimp Pesto, Scallop Scampi, NY strip with potatoes and Beef Medallions Marsala.  All were wonderfully prepared.  I personally ordered the steak and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked to my liking.  The potato gratin was a little dry but I enjoyed the flavor.  I also appreciate their small cuts of meat as I have a lighter appetite and it allowed me to enjoy my soup and salad courses as well.
We were stuffed but wanted to try dessert so we all split the Creme Brûlée which was delicious.  My husband usually isn't a fan but he said it was the best he's had.
I think the prices are very fair for Scottsdale.
Some reviews are negative, some are positive.  Hence why I was a little nervous, but we were not disappointed at all.  Highly recommend!