Our bartender didn't know what a pint was or how to pour a beerǾ
Get me some Peanutzz!! We decided on a whim to try something different for a bar and this place indeed was. Saturdays there is a cover for the DJ which was $3. This didn't seem so bad to me after coming from other cities where the covers are $15 and $20 and higher but I feel like the place could use the money. Peanutz is a small venue. The bar area is narrow and cramped then to the left of it there is a dark area where the DJ is along with some tables and then the stairs to the bathroom. If you weren't at the bar then people were just sitting at the tables starring at the DJ or at you... Maybe one or two people were dancing to the music. I thought the music was awesome though - a mix of old school and underground hip hop. Beers were so cheap - I think we paid $5 for three draft beers. Woot!! However some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross. My jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke. I won't be returning even if Peanutz offered some peanuts.Ǿ
To start, the bathrooms are DISGUSTING, with that being said I would never EAT anything here again.  This is a neighborhood bar for me.  I've been in here a handful of times, the crowd is never rowdy or out of control.  The bar area is clean and the restaurant has a very nice mellow atmosphere. I normally only drink Coor Light drafts which are 2.75!!! that's a lot of beer for less than 3 dollars.  I have had the wings in the past, before I saw what a disaster the bathrooms were.  They fry their wings to order and they come out hot and fresh. 

The patrons are a older work crowd, not too may youngsters here.  
I have enjoyed myself here and will probably be going back again this weekend.Ǿ
I went here on a Saturday night with a few friends.  They had  a DJ so there was a cover of $3 - boo!  I'm really adverse to covers unless there's something really great going on and considering I had never been in this place before, I was taking a chance.  For those that know me, I'm not the gambling kind.  

But I thought ok it's just $3 so it's not like I'd be going broke.  The music was fairly loud which made it difficult to talk and no one was dancing.  It wasn't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks.  

Am I glad I checked this place out - sure, but have I been to better dance clubs/bars - yes.  If you're in the area and looking for something to do, then check it out, but I wouldn't make a special trip to go here.Ǿ
Peanutz is a perfectly good neighborhood bar on East Ohio Street.  Their beer selection is adequate (basically all the American macro lagers, plus a few of the more widely-known craft beers, like Sierra Nevada), and their bar is stocked with the full gamut of booze (except ouzo).  Trish, the bartender, is a fantastic bartender with a hilariously sharp tongue.

I haven't tried very many of the menu items, except for the chicken wings, which are a house specialty.  Everyone recommends the Four-Dip sauce, which is pretty good.  The Cajun rub is good too.

Decor-wise, Peanutz is focused largely on Pittsburgh sports -- there are two large display cases with all sorts of sports memorabilia.  There's a handsome wooden bar in the front room, and a dining room off to the side.Ǿ
I am a pretty easygoing guy. I would've overlooked the fact(s) that:

1. Jim Beam is your only bourbon. 
2. For some reason two drinks came out to $9.90.* 
3. Even with only 10 people in the bar, the music was absolutely deafening. 
4. You charge a $3 cover for no discernible reason.
5. Rolling blunts is apparently kosher inside the bar, but sharing, not so much.

However, I can't let this slide: your claw machine is BULLSHIT. That is the weakest claw of all time, and there's no chance it is EVER picking up anything in that cage. I feel violated, and I want my dollar back. 
___________

*I think that's some sort of weird PA tax thing.Ǿ
I've been here a few times. Can't beat five dollar Coors Light pitchers... 

The crowd tends to be black. I tend to be white. And obviously from out of town. People are friendly. It's just a neighborhood bar. People talk to each other and have a good time. 

The food is well priced and good. 

The music is going to blow your ears up, if you care about that, don't come.