This is takeout only.  Although the lady who took my order was super friendly & welcoming, she couldn't make up for the food.

The sweet & sour chicken, might have been sesame chicken, but either way it was a gooey, fatty mess.

The shrimp lo-mein was thick & chewy.

The pork fried egg roll was small & mostly wrapper.

Maybe there are some other choices that are better, but these are usually the ones I get, so I probably won't be be back.Ǿ
Don't waste your time here. Like I mean seriously drive past this place. I gave this place 3 visits and each time I was left disappointed. I will never spend another penny there as long as I live.Ǿ
OMFG!!!! Worm in my broccoli!!! Ordered sesame chicken and it came with two pieces of broccoli. So disgusting, I dont even want to eat my meal anymore. I guess now we know they dont wash their veggies. The sesame chicken sucks. Its so over cooked and most of the pieces dont even have meat in it. The white rice was hard. Their chicken wings are so tasteless. They probably just fry it plain. I will never EVER order from here EVER again. Dont go there unless you like worms, overcooked food, and cheap wings.Ǿ
This is the Chin Chin I'm used too. This order was a hit. I don't know what happen with the order in my original post. Maybe they were rushing for the lunch crowd. Call on my way and order was done 2/3 minutes after I got there.Ǿ
Chin Chin's food is the tastiest Chinese food around and their portions are very generous. Their beef is very tender and flavorful. I think they have the best beef dishes around. I enjoy the Crab Rangoon snack, and theirs are huge with lots of filling and they always give a big container of red sauce. I usually get a spring roll instead of a egg roll and their spring rolls are almost the same size as an egg roll; typically most spring rolls are a good bit smaller than egg rolls. Like I said, very generous potions! Always very satisfied. This is the go-to place where my husband and I get our Chinese food!Ǿ
Great food unlike it china fun counterpart across the street this is the place that you will find crispy chicken that not overloaded on sauce and they have the best crab RangoonǾ
This resturaunt is a good option if you work nearby. You can order by phone and pick upo 15 minutes later. The kitchen is in plain view of the customers which is nice. The kitchen seemed very clean. The service was not very good. The cashier was not very nice on the phone or in person.
 
The nice thing about eating here is that you will receive piping hot food. They create dishes by order so your food isn't setting in pans under a warming light. The portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive. This is a great value!
 
The egg drop soup is good. I would recommend the lunch specials such as the Hunan Shrimp. Although if you are looking for spicy, I would order extra spicy. My meal was marked as spicy and it wasn't at all. I would eat here again, but not anytime soon. It was an average Chinese take out. Plastic ware, sauces, and fortune cookies were included.Ǿ
I'm new to Charlotte and I am having the hardest time finding good take-out food. Now, I know that take-out food is not supposed to be stellar rather satisfying but this was just blah. I order the Kung Pao Chicken - it was TERRIBLE. It lacked flavor, consistency and it was just bad; there were waaaaaaay more peanuts than necessary and a few chunks of chicken. I also ordered beef noodles and ok ( but I won't be ordering this again). The noodles were overcooked, almost "chunky-ish" and the veggies were nonexistent. Perhaps it was an off day? I'll give it a second go some other time and try the "safe" stuff, like "Special fried rice, Sweet & Sour Chicken,Szechuan etc... 

The inside is nice, clean and the service was fast. I guess if you're hungry enough or drunk enough this might be the perfect place but it definitely is NOT the place to order food for enjoyment; sucks because this is the most convenient location to my home.

I'll give it a try before I completely write it off.Ǿ
My boyfriend called for delivery we didn't know exactly what we wanted, so we were kind slow and hesitant,  but the lady had an attitude on the phone ,  .. She said 45 min to an hour every time i call for dilivery its never that long... And then she ask if their was a problem which confuses me.... the food is amazing though.I  never had a problem with chin chin before until now, I don't like rude employees especially at a restaurant cause who knows whats happening to our food.Ǿ
Chin  chin  2 is really cheating customers they will sell you a lunch tray for the price of a dinner tray in the evening without changing the portion size for instance I ordered shrimp egg foo young and then a time the menu says three patties they only gave you two this is the second time what's for lunch and what's for dinner order General Tso's chicken with extra sauce I barely got any source this is like almost $10 for each they will not credit you not with them into their mistakes bad business don't leave any pretty girls around the owner when nobody's looking he's a pig is right in the lot near Walmart and Food LionǾ
The food was delicious. Delivery was fast. Portions were big! I have absolutely no complaints and since I live right around the corner this is a great convenience for me!Ǿ
The crab rangoons are awesome! The rest was mediocre. The eggrolls were ok. The rice was plain, edible with soy sauce. The general tso's chicken was bland, not sweet, just spicy and a bit soggy. They did say it would take 40 mins for delivery an dit only took 20, so that was nice. But overall I won't be getting food here again.Ǿ
I'm relatively new to the Charlotte area. I have been living in NYC the past ten years and I had an urge for Chinese food. This place is very close to a NYC Chinese food experience... but much cleaner. Lol. My General Tso chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy inside. The sauce was good, but I'll have to remember to ask them to spice mine up a bit. Decent prices also.Ǿ
The food is okay here but it's nothing to rave about. It's one of those "there's nothing else to order and I'm starving and don't feel like cooking" kind of places. The shrimp fried rice is made with yellow rice which doesn't taste like most fried rice places - my family is not a fan. They don't give a lot of meat with their portions and the beef was small and had no flavor. The crab rangoon is entirely too greasy and way too stuffed! It's like cream bursting out the rangoon and they are really greasy. Their lo mein is okay but that's pretty greasy as well and devliery times are longǾ
Food: Pretty good. Not to greasy. 

Price: Reasonable. The lunch combo are a deal.Ǿ
Great food. It's a bit pricey though. They take a long time to make your food but its worth it.Ǿ
Stopped here for the first time tonight. The store is a small corner store with three or four tables. You can watch the three cooks cooking your meal. I ordered their chicken chow mein to go. The vegetables were crisp and the flavor good. I will come back.