Well this is the only decent Ramen place in the suburbia. Hence the there was a considerable wait (~20 min) before we were seated. Since it is a chain restaurant it is the same menu, however the atmosphere here was hustling bustling with subtle izakayaish vibe. I personally a big fan of such vibe. Tonkatsu was good, but not again this is not an Ippido broth. Must visit, if you are in Sauga.笑
So far the best egg noodle in mississauga ! The service is rough but they manage to handle it.笑
Service is ok. They've finally decided to add some kind of system to keep track of guests & who is next in line - it's writing on a piece of paper on the wall, it's not the best but it keeps some order. I have ordered two different broth ramen bowls already & the roasted pork is delicious. They now also serve gyoza. Just don't expect some of the servers to be friendly.笑
Food is great but the price is a bit high. 
There is no host system in the store and the place is not fully utilized. Hopefully the manager will come up with a better layout for the store.笑
Ramen is not the easiest food to eat for some. You should be comfortable with using chop sticks in order to fully enjoy it. That being said, the food is great. Try the 3 kings.笑
Had the Vegetarian option of Ji Su Men and it was so good! I burnt my tongue from the soup, but it was worth it!笑
Went here for the first time today! Place was pretty small and there was a waiting line... But they do have a signup sheet which is quite efficient! the wait time was not too long!
I liked that they had the option for the vegetarian broth but I found that as I got my ramen it wasn't as to what I had anticipated. I expected a richer flavour. The taste of bean sprout was a bit too overwhelming but the chicken they added to the soup was good!笑
Tried this place out after reading the reviews. Don't expect service from this place. I can say that it is non-existence. The food are good. Maybe real ramen noodle (itself) is not my type of thing. I prefer the one from Su Shi much more. But the taste of all ingredients are well done. I also liked eating the balls from the picture that they have there.笑
This is my first time trying out Kenzo Japanese Noodle House since it have opened.  Let's say I was pretty satisfied  with my experience dinning in.  I was greeted by many waitresses once entered in, I just felt very welcomed at that moment (yay!)  I was seated pretty quickly and were given the menu once seated.  However, the con side is that I had to wait 15 minutes after being seated until they served some water to us (which I find considerably long).  

The prices are not too expensive nor cheap.  Some noodle bowls were even less than $10, but I tried out one of their recommendations and it was plenty enough.  But as seen from other prepared dishes, some dishes were smaller portions compared to others.  So it really depends on what you pick to have! 

I would one give this restaurant 3 stars just because while sitting down and waiting for the food, it was extremely humid! There was absolutely no air condition and only 1 out of the many fans in this restaurant were turned on.  Since it is an open kitchen, the heat is crazy!  Once I start indulging in my food, it got even more humid and was even sweating, just had to run for the exit after paying for the meal!笑
Came here spontaneously on a Wednesday night and was very impressed with the food and service. I was surprised that the restaurant was really busy, we waited about 30 minutes for a table. 
I got the Spicy Charsu Ramen at level 2 spice ($11.95). It was delicious and not too spicy. I loved the charsu, very flavourful. I would definitely get this again.
We also got the Takoyaki ($9.95) which was perfect to share between two people. It was good but not amazing. Satisfies the craving. 
The thing that stood out the most to me during this visit was the service. Our waitress was really nice and attentive. She noticed that we had a wobbly table and fixed it with a napkin without us asking. I was really impressed! Will definitely come back to try the rest of the menu.笑
This place is awesome!!! Ill definitely be back when the weather gets colder. I got the Netsu Ramen. Only complaint was that the meat was rather lacking!笑
Very fun going to this place! Open kitchen, very entertaining to look over the kitchen to see how my food is made! They greet us loudly and say good bye to everyone that leaves! The kitchen staff with a tattoo gave me a smile woohoo! Highly recommend this noodle shop very very delicious!笑
I absolutely LOVE their Nagasaki ramen...It's amazing!!!!!!! I always get level 3 spice!! ahhhhh best ramen ever!!! Love everything about this place, staff are always so pleasant and helpful. Another thing worth trying is the salmon onigiri.. you wont regret it!!笑
This place always seems busy when we drive by. There is a sign in sheet when you arrive and a very small waiting area.  The tables a close together trying to fit in as many tables as they can, since it isn't a large place. The bathroom was clean and tidy. Much of the kitchen is visible from where you sit. Noodles etc are made in-house; We could see them making the Gyoza dumplings at one of the tables.  Service was quick. This one guy really takes the time to review the different menu items for first time customers and gave good honest recommendations.  We tried the Sho-yu Ramen which had a nice broth if you don't want any spiciness at all.  The pork was not as tender as I expected. I ate once at the downtown location, and the pork there was superior in texture and flavour.  Overall it was good though. The Tonkotsu ramen was also quite nice, it was light but had more of a creamier textured broth.  The Gyoza were smaller than expected but tasty and obviously fresh; it's good for sharing. The real star was the ramen for dipping, I can't recall the proper name. The ingredients came on a plate with a medium spicy and flavourful broth on the side. You can dip or pour it over the ingredients. I'll definitely try one of the other spicy ramen next time after enjoying the delicious broth.笑
From Hamilton or the boonies? Shotty ramen restaurants in town? Go to Mississauga for Kenzo Ramen. Actually taste good. Hell, I am going to quote J T down there because he described it perfectly. 

"The broth is flavorful, the noodles are just the right chewiness and the sides are made just right."

Why the two stars then? One for the ramen actually being good and the second for having a spotless inspection from the health inspectors. Educate yourselves with the public health in restaurants, because I am now including it in all of my reviews. 

https://healthinspectionspeel.hedgerowsoftware.com/Facility/Details/8dd985ee-b547-4d05-81d7-270433723287

Where are the other three stars??? Well, I don't eat spicy food and had challenged my friend to their hottest "level 3" soup. I managed to complete it in record time and also destroying my friend in the process. I also had a trip down to the States two days later which my stomach didn't handle the spice well.

The manager said they would put a photo of us in their hall of fame wall, but we found out two weeks later it wasn't up. All that pain and suffering for nothing. Granted I can just pick one of the hall of famers off the wall since we all look-alike, but that is not the point.

I am a man that goes by trust and integrity. When you say you will do something I expect and hold you by your word. You have severed my trust in any future challenges, but I will eat the regular ramen.

Contact me if you wish to make amends. I will come by for a photo re-take. ^____^

CT笑
I went there for dinner with my sister. They are busy. Servers are nice. But food is quite disappointing. I got the classics ramen, the portion is small to my surprise . Flavour is quite bland . I ate better ramen before. Maybe I  should give it another try but i am kinda reluctant to try other food if the classic dish is disappointing. On the other hand the  takoyaki is good , not too much batter, light and airy. I don't think I will return.笑
Wow...this place took us by surprise. We came here looking for Ramen noodles in Mississauga. 

I ordered Ji Su Mein, which was $10.95+tax so not bad for a lunch meal. The food itself was kind of light for me so you walk out not feeling bloated. The main problem is the broth for me as I was looking for a vegetarian option and these guys do have that. I read a lot of review and many reviewers found it too salty but in comparison to some other Cuisine I have tried are in the same line with as salt as these guys. 

The service was fast, quick and the food was hot and severed very well in nice bowl. They are also making the food in front of you.笑
Meh...Mediocre at best. Hard to write a review when I have zero adjectives or eureka moments that surface when consuming excess calories that do not bring me happiness. It's an edible meal. Probably one of the better ramen places in Mississauga area, but that's not saying much considering I haven't come across any breath taking ramen locations around square one, or any other ramen locations around the area for that matter. 

It's noodles, and it's soup. Meat too tangy and chewy, you leave with the taste of lingering msg in your mouth, broth tastes..neutral? I'm not even sure how to describe it because it just tastes like salty flavored water. Beggars can't be choosers since there's no other ramen place to peg it against. So ask me if I'll go again? Probably if I'm craving Japanese ramen and don't feel like commuting 30 minutes into down town core, but peg it against any downtown ramen location that I'm hoping will sprout out in the middle of suburbia, and I probably won't be a periodical visitor at this location. Fast service. Clean location. Free parking.  

Bottom line. Acceptable if you're trying to fill a meal and want to suffice that ramen craving in Mississauga Sqaure One region. If you're looking for mind boggling food experience, save it for elsewhere. Neither recommend nor protest.笑
When you go for sushi and the little starter miso soup isn't enough... well Kenzo got that sorted out. You can get a whole bowl of miso Ramen all to yourself! The only downfall is the line to get in. I ditched it the first time because the line was haunting. This time I caved in and waited to find out it was so worth the wait! You have to know if people are waiting for this it has to be awesome. And that it is!!! Super awesome indeed! Great service and super fast. We got our food quick and was out in no time. The line actually moves quickly because they are quick to serve and make your Ramen.  I highly recommend anyone to give it a try. Just remember there is a sign in sheet in the front door! Don't just wait in line, you'll go no where lol. Sign in first then they will call your name.笑
The place and atmosphere were great-- turns out that the cuisine just wasn't for me though. Def come here if you like authentic Japanese food.笑
# of Visits: 2
Date of last visit (before review): 12/28/2013

Disclaimer - I'm not a big fan of ramen houses in general.  I find them overpriced and don't get the entire "fad".

I ordered the tonkatsu ramen on my last visit. The slices of meat was tender, but I found the broth too salty.  However, I find most ramen too salty anyways, so I guess maybe I just like my food more natural and plain.

Also, overall ambiance is weird, not because of the decor, but because of the service.   I felt like I walked into a restaurant where no one really cares.  They served the food quickly, but I didn't feel welcome.  It was like walking into one of those bad bubble tea places where you have to literally wave your hand to call the server.  

Verdict: Not a date place, but good if you need a ramen fix in Mississauga and don't want food court quality from Square one.笑
One of the best places to get authentic ramen in Mississauga ! The restaurant is small and crowded but it's alright. The food is prepared relatively quickly and the service is great! No complaints :)笑
***I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could!***

As I opened the door, the delicious scent of ramen wafted into my nose. I waited 15mins for a table, watching people slurp down their noodles as I slurped down my saliva in anticipation.

 The service and ambiance were great. It was warm, cozy, we'll ventilated, and filled with people. Looking around, there is a sign on the wall that proudly states that they make their noodles, gyoza, ground pork and Takoyaki in house.

True enough, I was seated beside a staff member who was painstakingly hand-folding gyoza. So mesmerizing to watch, really makes you appreciate the time it takes to make vs. eat one.

I was captivated by the King of Ramen bowl. With a name like that, it sounded decadent. I had to have it. It was interesting, different from any other ramen I've ever had. It tasted like a korean fusion ramen, as the spicy, red broth was wok-fried with ground pork/mushrooms/beansprouts/carrots/green onion - very similar to the veggy mix you might see accompanying a teriyaki dish. I think that this is the netsu ramen ($9.95), but for $3 more, the "King" comes with chasiu x 3, half an egg, one slice of fishcake, bamboo shoots and seaweed. I wonder if the taste of this dish was influenced by the fact that this franchise is Korean-run. In hindsight, I wish I'd examined the menu more thoroughly (too hungry!), and perhaps ordered a more traditional ramen to properly review this place as the tonkotsu, shio and shoyu broth bases were also available. 

I am on the hunt for the perfect Takoyaki, just like in Osaka. Since they make their own, I had to try it. It came with 6 pieces, a nice share plate appy. I'd have to say that the skin was thicker/denser than I liked and the tako a bit small, but big props to it being handmade!笑
To the folks in Mississauga, this is the best ramen you can find in the city for now anyway. I'm so glad a decent ramen place finally opened here. We used to have to go to Toronto for ramen. This Kenzo ramen branch just opened and it is already packed with patrons. 

The place is not large so it can get full pretty quickly. The service is fast and efficient so the wait so far isn't that long. 

I ordered the Tonkotsu miso ramen. It is saltier than their Tonkotsu ramen probably because of the miso. I liked the dish but I'll probably go with the one without miso next time. Since they just opened, the appetizers are not available yet. My husband was a little disappointed he couldn't order the Takoyaki (baked octopus ball). 

This is a decent ramen place and we'll definitely return!笑
This place has been one of my boyfriend's favorite places to get ramen and gyudon. It quickly became my favorite, as well. The service is always amazing, all of the waitresses and workers are extremely nice and polite. Sometimes at busy times (the place isn't huge, so it's expected) there can be a wait until being seated, but the food is brought out very promptly after placing your order. 

My boyfriend usually orders the gyudon with extra egg, or tonkotsu ramen. My favorite here is the black tonkotsu ramen, chicken onigiri, or the gyudon. He always orders his specially with no veggies, etc. and they don't mind! I can never finish an entire bowl of ramen, so I always have them pack my leftovers. 

The food is really delicious, and I always ask my boyfriend to take me here. I love it! I recommend trying the black tonkotsu ramen or regular!笑
Probably one of the best Ramen places in Mississauga hands down!!! Everything is on point here to compete with Toronto Ramen spots.   If you don't want to drive downtown hit up this local spot for some good eats. Enjoy笑
Am not a ramen person but my wife is.  She ordered Shi-O Ramen and I stuck with an onigiri.  My wife swears by her ramen and I enjoyed the tasty onigiri.  Good overall but come prepared to wait.  Location is tiny and there seems to be a line up here no matter what time of the day it is.笑
When I first visited Kenzo Ramen in Downtown Core, I was very disappointed because their ramen, gyoza, and takoyaki were very salty with a taste of MSG. My friend and I literally drank 6 glasses of water - no kidding! As a result, I was hesitated to try the Mississauga one because of my terrible experience earlier, but I still gave it a shot because my boyfriend really wanted to try it out! Surprisingly, after a few visits, I have become a regular customer of Kenzo now. I like it a lot more than the one in Downtown.

I am not a big fan of their ramen, but I really recommend you guys to try out their rice items. Their Gyudon and Tonkatsu set are oishii! However, my favourite is their Salmon Origini. It is definitely a must-try item! 

P.s. I only drank 1.5 glasses of water during my visit in Kenzo today!笑
My friend and I went for our first time recently in Mississauga. We wanted to know what the mystique was in eating something that we can buy for 99 cents in the supermarket. We paid for the King style noodles at $13 each. Disaapointing doesn't really describe our experience. It should be $4.99 and then I'd see it was decent. But at their prices, it IS a rip off. Also, I noticed that the equipment in the serving area had korean writing on it instead of japanese, so I asked our server if they were all korean. He emphatically said yes and laughed. Since they greet and wave good bye whilst yelling in  japanese, it was all very disingenuous. More so because of the history between the two nations. It's kinda sad to see korean impersonating japanese, since japanese view koreans like dogs. I will not be going back here. I will however continue adding shrimp, an egg and veggies in my own home made 99 cent ramen!笑
For a girl who does NOT have a likeing for ramen... This place was AWESOME! My boyfriend and I stopped by after getting bubble tea at cha time, it was around 5 pm. I did not wait in line and the staff is super friendly. I was hesitant to try but they have truly changed my taste for noodles. I also love their gyoza. It was kind of sweet which gave it a shock of flavour but it was amazing. I definitely recommend trying this place out even if you aren't a fan of ramen.笑
Very poor customer service. Waited 10 mins and even tried to flag someone to take my order. Will not return.笑
went in, girl took my order, went to washroom came back and saw fresh menus on my table. Another server walks over and I tell her someone else took my order. 15 mins later no ramen, inquired and they forgot. Usually wouldn't mind waiting another 10 mins, ramen don't take long to make. But wtf the 15 mins I was there, the place wasn't even busy, servers too busy singing k pop and talking to each other. no kinton, no decent ramen place in sauga...and never good experience at kenzo's.笑
Food is exquisite, and AMAZING service. The miso ramen tasted great and I couldn't have thought of a better tasting dish. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.笑
My friend and I came to Kenzo ramen - we had to wait a little bit before we got in. There's a sign up sheet to write the names near the entrance. I ordered the Tonkotsu ramen while my friend got the seafood ramen. It was pretty good, the soup was a bit too salty. The ramen were good though. My friend seemed to have enjoyed the seafood ramen - it was great for her because Kenzo was able to switch the soup base for the vegetarian broth for her. The service was decent, average. I would come back but try something else next time.笑
A great "authentic" ramen house in Mississauga. My family and I visit this place at least once a week. Due to the value for dollar, this place can get very busy during peak hours on the weekend. It's worth the wait!笑
Came back to try again after a long while.  I must say it has improved so much!!  Really delicious now!  I think we went 3 times in one week. Lol

Its usually very busy, and a wait to get a table.  You write your name on a list by the door to get a table, and they will call you when its ready.

I really like their creamy vegetarian ramen.  I'm not a vegetarian but its my favourite so far.笑
Sauga ramen can't compare to downtown, but this place does a decent job, especially the black tonkatsu ramen, damn delish. I ask for black garlic sauce in every ramen, just make sure you don't have an important date or meeting after as you may have some dragon breath. Love all the Ramens on the menu except the jisu ramen.笑
Fast and good service. The ramen and gyoza was really good. Tried the king of kings and nagasaki champion. The spice was right. Definitely reccomend.笑
Very yummy ramen, very moderate prices! I always ask for the vegetarian broth with tofu since I don't eat pork. I find it very filling and it is quite enjoyable. I always get level 2 spicy and its just the right amount of spice. Usually comes up to 12-13 dollars. Not bad for a great meal!笑
Went here for the first time with my family today (labor day -- so yes, they are open). The waiting time wasn't so bad for us but am sure it can be a pain on most days when they are REALLY busy. The waiting area isn't large either so sometimes you would have to wait outside if your a big party of people wanting to dine in.

When you come in and would have to wait for a table, they make you write your name and the number of people your with (or they write it for you) in a clipboard next to the door. I think that's very efficient on their part. 

But sadly, this place was "just okay" for me. It's not something I would constantly go back for but it's not bad to have either when you just want some ramen in your system especially if  your in Mississauga. 

I had their Karashi ramen and it was alright, not a fan of the broth but I guess it gets getting used to. The other dishes we ordered are gyoza (my family devoured it), karaage (it was decent, not the best I've seen on a plate), yakisoba (it was decent), Katsudon (decent as well), and a vegetarian ramen that was good according to a family member.

Staff is extremely nice and the place is decent. Very casual indeed. 

In conclusion, I would come back here but not anytime soon. It's not that bad but it's not on one my top choices either.笑
Great food for the price you're paying. The service is quick and attentive. I wish there was more seating, but for the location (right beside Chatime!) you can't really complain. If you come during peak times you will definitely be waiting for a while but it's well worth the wait. This place always satisfies my ramen cravings!笑
Had dinner tonight with the fiancee and we ordered the ff: tonkotsu shoyu ramen, yakisoba and 3pcs gyoza. 

The tonkotsu broth was very tasty. The egg was overcooked. The yakisoba was tasty and cooked well. The gyoza pieces were big and very tasty.

However we found it a little expensive as the ramen and yakisoba cost $10.99 each. The gyoza cost $5 for 3 pcs. With taxes and tip it set us back $32 for 3 items.

Will be back if I need my ramen fix in Mississauga笑
Came here just because we felt like to have ramen noodles for the day. Since it was out first-time here, we didn't know there was a wait list you need to put your name on it just to get in the line. And instead I was dumb enough to wait in the queue outside the restaurant waiting to be served. 

We had the Takoyaki for the start-up, each ball did look great but we were kinda upset as they only got a tiny portion of octopus inside. 

We ordered two ramen noodles dishes: 1. King of Kings & 2. Karashi (not spicy). These two dishes were all delicious, I had the King of Kings and each slice of the roasted pork was just perfect enough to the point that you might feel like to have more of these slices in your bowl. The sliced eggs and fish cakes were also a plus. However, I didn't know what condiments they put in the soup, the more  the soup you have, the more water you'd drink. The soup base would just made you thirsty. 

My girl had the Karashi (not spicy), I personally think its soup tastes much better than the one I had. Anyway, they are both good ramen noodles dishes.笑
Quick Breakdown:
+  Noodles cooked well
+  Nice atmosphere
+  Soup Broth is amazing

Full Review: 
(Because of the theme and writing style of the Full Review, I included the Quick Breakdown to outline what I liked and did not like. If possible, I prefer you read the full review instead).

A man does not simply eat a bowl of spicy noodle soup. Every bowl of ramen requires the correct waza (technique in Japanese) and the perfection of kata (form in Japanese) to comprehend the correct form of slurping down noodles.  To all my friends here on Yelp, white belts to black belts in Yelping, beginners to experts, I present, "Kenzo Ramen." So sharpen your blades, unsheathe your chopsticks and soup spoon, prepare your gi, step into the dojo, and enter with me into the mystical world of ramen. Only the strongest and bravest survive. With all your mettle, will you be capable of defeating a spicy ramen. Today I, Rao R., was ready to walk the Path of the Ramen.

On a cloudy afternoon, when the sun was bright, and the air was peaceful, I stepped into the threshold of Kenzo Ramen. A waitress led me towards my table near the window staring out into the parking lot. The decor and outfits of the waitresses fused the traditions of Japanese culture with a modern twenty-first century setting.

I perused the menu, contemplating on which ramen should be my next victim. I decided to order the Netsu Ramen, a spicy ramen with chicken and stir-fried vegetables. A waitress keenly takes my order. I eagerly await the arrival of my bowl of spicy ramen.

The bowl of ramen steps out from the kitchen and lays right in front of me. The smell of delicious spicy ramen soup filled my nostrils with thrills of excitement.  I calmed myself into a state of zanshin (state of awareness). Meditation calms the Yelper Warrior before a food battle. The battle music begins to kick in. I readied myself into battle stance. I equipped myself with ceramic chopsticks and spoon, with napkins on the side. Round one. FIGHT!

I immediately begin slurping down the noodles. Geysers of flavors burst into my mouth with joy. The ramen countered with an intense kick of spiciness, inflicting damage to my mouth (sen no sen). I pulled my wits together and endured the spicy broth (the art of ukemi: aikido). To my advantage, the noodles were soft and cooked well, easing my process. The broth was nicely brewed, as the spicy flavors did not overwhelm the other ingredients. The vegetables complimented well with the spicy broth and noodles, adding a nice crunchy texture. As I reach the last remaining bits of the ramen, I stared down at the bowl. I slurped down all the noodles and finished the soup in the bowl. A ikken hissatsu. I remain victorious, standing fiercely on top of the world. Check please! 

Walk the Path of the ramen at Kenzo. You are a true Yelper, fearlessly defeating any ramen that stands in your way. All the beloved bowls of ramen will fall at your feet. You are ready [gives chopsticks and bows]. OOSSSS!!!笑
Overrated imo, the ingredients are cheap and sparse, the atmosphere isn't anything special, and portions are small and aren't filling, for $10/meal, I would much rather go elsewhere.笑
My boyfriend loves this place. It's his go to gyudon place. He loves their beef rice. I find their beef rice pretty good but sometimes there isn't enough sauce so the rice is sometimes a little bland. We always order two extra eggs on top of the rice but the servers always end up forgetting to add them. 

I find the ramen dishes decent. They aren't as good as the ones downtown. They are on the saltier side. So if you don't like food that's too salty, make sure you tell the server to make it less salty.  

I always order the salmon oniguri here. Love it. But at times, the rice is a little hard and not as fresh. 

Overall a decent place.笑
I have been here a couple of times. The first was over a year ago. I actually came when I could get a table and loved the food. 

I have been craving ramen these days. I decided to return. With Goodwill closed next door, I didn't have to park at the back. However, the place was packed at 3 pm!

I could have signed up for a table after you get through the first set of doors. Instead, I decided to go in and order takeout. I was immediately assisted. The friendly server handed me a menu. 

I ordered the shoyu ramen and three-piece gyoza. I then went to the waiting area (there are benches between the two sets of doors) and sat there. The area is pretty small. At one point, fifteen of us were there. The congestion quickly cleared up. 

The server said that my order would take 10 - 15 minutes. She was accurate! Yumminess came and I was happy. 

The first time I was there, I got the miso ramen. I liked it better than the shoyu. I ordered extra corn, which helped!

The gyoza was excellent. Great size, taste, and crispness. 

I'm glad that I tried takeout. Even the ramen presentation was perfect. I will do it again and revert to ordering my beloved miso ramen. 

If you are a protein person, I'd recommend ordering more pork. You only get a couple of slices with the shoyu ramen.笑
Based on my research, this is the best and really only, ramen place in Mississauga so I came here to satisfy my ramen craving.  The food and service were both quite good. They also have handmade gyoza which was good.  I tried the miso ramen and the soup was pretty heavy but tasty.  

The service was great, and I went on a weekday afternoon at 2pm so it wasn't packed.  The food came pretty fas笑
The noodles are cooked well - it's the only redeeming factor. The broth is supremely disappointing. Unbalanced, just a weird mix mash of flavour. The bland heap of bean sprouts/mix veg they add seem like filler and do not add anything to the bowl. 

If you're craving ramen, take the drive up to the city. This place, unfortunately, does not compare to Kinton, Santouka or even the Kenzo on dundas. You'll leave here feeling wishing you made the trip, because you would have had something more delicious in your belly.笑
LOVE IT!!! There may be a wait list during the busy days/nights but it's worth the wait. The servers at burhamthorpe rd was super nice and gave us more ice on water on a very hot day!

HOWEVER!!! I have to lose 1 star for a reason (applicable to all Kenzo stores): their chopsticks are made out of metal and if you know science, if you eat a hot noodle using something metallic, metal will be hot as hell. The amount of times I burnt my mouth and my lips with this thing while having a nice hot ramen is unbelievable. It's not safe at all, I rather use a shitty plastic chopsticks than eat a burning metal one.笑
Would have been 5 stars, but service was a bit slow. We had the King of Ramen and the Tonkatsu Miso ramen. The King hit the spot for me, just the perfect amount of spicy, and a full bowl of ramen to fill my hunger.笑
Nice ramen place in Missisauga. I love the spicy ramen broth with bamboo and pork. Try the rice too笑
Kenzo Ramen Mississauga does not fail to satisfy your ramen needs! Their ramens are always cooked to perfection and the soup base was great. I had their Miso Ramen with their roasted pork. Though the portions are relatively smaller, this ramen is more of a "lighter" dinner so to speak. I would say it is more of a comfortable full type of meal if you are looking to eat something that is not too heavy or costly.

Would recommend to try if you have never been before.笑
I've gone to the other location on Yonge St and was always a fan so when they opened a store in Mississauga, I was very happy. It has pretty big portions and to me, it was consistent with the one on Yonge St. Service can be a bit slow during peak hours but that is understandable. 
I've had multiple dishes from this restaurant and was never disappointed. The only thing is I wish they were opened on Sundays and opened a bit later on Friday and Saturday.笑
After visiting Kenzo I finally understand the saying "There's a party in my mouth and everyone's invited!" A celebration of flavour, meat, and perfectly cooked noodles.

My friend and I visited this location, it was not my first time trying Ramen but it was my best time. Kenzo has Ramen down to a science!
I got the "king of kings ramen" spicy level 3. To my surprise it was actually spicy I considering myself to have a tongue of steel not many places can make food that I consider spicy. That being said if you can't handle a lot of heat I suggest spicy level 1. The soup consisted of house made noodles, bbq pork, fish cake, and veggies. The staff was very friendly and attentive, great atmosphere, there's an open kitchen you can hear the chefs singing while watching flames fly.

I don't dish out 5 stars often but Kenzo meets all the criteria - Good food, good service, good atmosphere. Highly recommend.笑
I'm pretty sure that this is the only ramen place in Mississauga that I know of (excluding those in the food court), but nevertheless, the ramen here is fantastic. This place has friendly service and is always busy.
I always leave feeling full and satisfied and a bonus is that there is chattime right next door for bubble tea.
They also have vegetarian options, which is a plus point.
I only had a bad experience once, which was when I tried their newest option on their menu: Tsukemen. The issue I had with this was that the noodles were clumped together and therefore made it impossible to eat. I had to ask for a fork and knife and ended up cutting up my noodles, which made me look like an idiot.
Therefore, unless they have changed their recipe for Tsukemen, order anything else on the menu and you won't be disappointed.笑
We went a second time and it was amazing! I'm so glad the first time was just a fluke.

The wait was about 15-20 minutes to get in, but we weren't too hungry so we didn't mind. We have been here before and the crowd is out the door, so we just leave.

We got the sapporo miso ramen and the creamy vegetarian ramen. The miso is a very light broth and a lot of veggies and tofu (we asked for it to be added) and the creamy one is a heavier bean broth with less veggies. I really liked both and would get them again.

The waitress didn't ask us for spice level so I guess the default is no spice, which isn't our preference, but it wasn't bad. We both commented how a little bit of spice would make the ramen perfect though.

Overall, I really like this place and it might be our new go-to for something light.笑
If I visit this place, I need to wait for 5 out of 10 times. But, this place worth it! If you are new for Japanese Ramen, this is a good starting place. Love shoyu ramen and donkotsu ramen! Good for weekday lunch for sure :)笑
I've been to two other Kenzo locations and the menu and food is consistent.  Finally a location in Missisaauga!

Busy on a Wednesday night as we got a table for two.   Steady stream of people coming and going.

Ordered Takoyaki, Nagasaki Champon, and tonkatsu ramen.  The Takoyaki was fresh and delicious fluffy balls of octopus goodness.  The ramen is great.  The Nagasaki Champon came with a generous portion of mussels, shrimp, squid, and scallops all seared, cooked perfectly.

Service took awhile to get them to come take your order.  If you're impatient you can flag them down and they will come over.  Food takes awhile but it's freshly made and worth the wait.  The only issue is that the music is too loud and you can't have a conversation without yelling.... 

Still plan to come back when I'm in the mood for ramen....笑
Amazing spicy char sui ramen. This broth is the most flavourful of their ramens, and is highly addictive. I come here all the time, and their food is delicious and consistent. Hint-you can ask for nonspicy or 0.5 spicy for this ramen. Also, the Tsukemen is awesome too笑
This place is way overrated 

1. The broth isn't bad but isn't spectacular either and is hurt by the insane amount of sodium that had to be present.  In all fairness, though, this seems to be a standard in the industry.

2. There isn't any indications on their menu what adding extras would cost: ie. meat, an egg, etc..

Whatever, figured it can't be that bad.  Asked for an extra egg.  Apparently they work in halves because I received half an egg and it cost $2.00!  

3. The portion of meat to noodle with respect to price is sadly lacking substance.  There was 4 slices of think pork meat.  Halfway through eating you're thinking to yourself, "where did all my pork go?"....

Anyhow, if you're in the mood for ramen this place could fill that craving but mostly because choice is limited in the area.  

If what you are wanting is soup + noodle + meat, you're better off grabbing some pho.  

At $10.95 (this is PRE-Half Egg price) for a bowl of ramen, you often leave this joint with an empty feeling of wishing you didn't crave ramen 30 minutes earlier.笑
The Toronto location's much better, but because it seems to be the only legit ramen house in Mississauga as of yet (hopefully more in the future), I'll give it that extra star for convenience and accessibility.  I always enjoy their takoyaki, Ji Su Men, and their friendly greeting whenever I walk in and out of the door.笑
I love that we have Ramen noodles in Mississauga! It does get very busy on the weekend. So unfortunately, this is great I can only have during the week. I've only dined in, so cannot speak for take out!笑
Came here a while back with my parents for lunch. Small place but pretty busy.  I find the value was fair as you get big potions. Good change from pho every once in a while. 
Service was good, did not charge my mom for the green tea.   
Guess the chef forgot the order of Takoyaki. Once mentioned, it was ready in a couple minutes.笑
I've been to the ones in Toronto and I really feel like this one is the best ! The noodles are fresh and the portions are really fair ! I've been back here more than any other ramen places I've been to. However, I wish they would grant their student discount through interac not only cash.笑
Kenzo is my current go-to spot for ramen in Mississauga!

The location is in the Burnhamthorpe plaza with Chatime and Sugar Marmalade, great for pairing with either if you want something sweet after your ramen! The restaurant itself has one of my favourite decors, all wood everything with cute decor!

I have so far tried the shi-o ramen and it was great :) It was my first time at Kenzo so I wanted to try something light, and it was definitely that but also had enough flavour. My favourite part was the roasted pork which was extremely tasty! The noodles were also very good, I believe that they are made fresh. My friend and I shared the takoyaki and it was slightly disappointing, as a big takoyaki fan I did not think that they were worth the price because to me they were quite squishy/soggy and there was too much sauce.

Overall, I would recommend Kenzo wholeheartedly for the amazing atmosphere/decor and ramen! I am looking forward to coming back and will probably try the tonkotsu ramen.笑
I really enjoy the food here it is tasty and fresh. Hard to get seats as it is  popular but for a good reason.  You might want to call ahead to see how busy it is.笑
I went here with a couple of my friends for my birthday this weekend. I was pretty much disappointed. 

I had their Ji-Su Ramen, and when it came I just lost my appetite after one bite.  Their takoyaki was not that great either. 

Their waitress service is..pretty bad tbh. This one waitress of theirs was pretty rude and charged me extra and continued to argue with me about it. 

Overall, quite over rated. Would not probably go back due to bad service笑
Few places deserve a second review, but this place does. We've been back at least 5x since my last review and have been increasingly impressed with the food. 

After discovering the Spicy Cha Suu ramen, I have to admit I was hooked. This is the best spicy ramen I have had - hands down. 

I get the .25 spice level, the waitress smiles and notes "you've been here before". And I love it every time. Spicy, creamy, delicious. A generous portion, fresh ingredients, and fast service. This is not a place to linger. There are always lineup, but worth the wait. You come in, eat, and get out - then dream of the next time you can come back.笑
Fresh, fast n very good.  Will definitely come back for another bowl of ramen.  Got the Miso favour with Pork bone soup base ramen.笑
-1 for long line ups especially on evenings and weekends. It's crazy.

Other than that, ramen is great. Nothing really to compare to since this is the only ramen place we know in Sauga. 

Loved their SALMON ONIGIRI ($3.95)
Kept ordering either Tonkotsu Ramen ($10.95) and Ka rashi Ramen ($8.95)

Servers are very friendly.
We were all greeted by staffs when we come in and also when we left.笑
Place was great. We came back a second time and the service and food was also at its best笑
This place is busy and for good reason. The soup base has tremendous flavour. And so many to choose from! There's a lineup everytime I go but the wait makes the meal all the more desirable. I think a bit of wait is always a good way to build up hype and anticipation. Great way for kenzo to get noticed by passers-by. 

Great spot for dates, family dinners and friends. If you like some spice and kick when you indulge in ramen, this is the place for you!笑
Okay love with place. 
Great service.  Great food the staff is all great very well coming.  Other places should learn from this place 10/10 .笑
Best ramen that I ever tried, will come back soon. Haha, 
Takoyaki is special and delicious, a little bit sour and really like it.笑
First try ramen in Mississauga, taste is reall delicious , large bowl than others. I like it.笑
This is by far my favorite ramen place! First time I tried Kenzo was on their Toronto branch and I was so thrilled when I found out they opened one here in Mississauga.
Aside from the ramen, we always order the yakisoba and the gyoza.笑
Great ramen!  Crowded and busy but worth the wait if you love soup and home made noodles!笑
I love soup and all kinds of it so on the first cold Saturday the husband and I headed out to Kenzo for some ramen. It's probably not the best time to go because when we got there at 6:30 there was an hour and a half wait for a table. We had no plans besides this and drove a while to get here so we toughed it out. I think Mississauga could use a few more good ramen places though! Be prepared for a wait, others in line were saying it's almost always busy. It's a pretty small place and obviously people love it. That being said the lobby area is tiny so if it's winter you'll probably be outside in the cold. 

Once we were finally seated I ordered the Netsu and he ordered the Tonkotsu. I wouldn't say they're as spirited as Kinton but the service was friendly and fast. And real chopsticks yay! The ramen came really hot so don't just dig in or you'll scold your mouth. I was satisfied with it, the veggies were cooked well but not over and same goes for the noodles. Great noodles. I did think there wasn't enough chicken in it I had to dig to find my 4 little pieces. The Tonkotsu was good as well but a little too much garlic, this also could be too much of the garlic on the rim sliding in. 

In the end we were satisfied and warmed up. However I still think Kinton reigns as they have more flavour in their broth. It's good for pretty much the only ramen place in the area.笑
I've knocked one star purely because of the service being extremely slow. I ordered the tonkotsu ramen and we ordered takoyaki as an app. We had a decent wait for our ramen which was fine however we were starving and when we finally did receive it - OMG it was delicious! Salty but delicious. The noodles were perfectly Al dente, the char siu was perfectly melt in your mouth and tender! The Bok Choy was ok - not a fan of that veg but meh it was a crunch. The egg was a little too over done for me - I was hoping for an ooey gooey yolk. 

My issue with my trip there was receiving the takoyaki 10 minutes after we finished our entrees. I noticed when leaving they only had one pan that would make 3 orders - I think especially since almost every table ordered it - they should consider having more than one takoyaki pan?? 

Also noticed that the broths are made on site - the flavourings for each broth are in a packet and I would assume their own plain broth was added to it in the small pots they have going on the stove. If you know anything about tonkotsu and how the broth is made - you would know like I did upon receiving mine - the broth hadn't been homemade. 

I'd go back in a heart beat however - because all in all - it's delicious and most people can appreciate good quick to eat food.笑
This was my very first time having miso soup. So I did a little research, the reviews on this place weren't bad so I gave it a shot. Turns out they weren't lying, it was amazing. It's a tiny little place but they turn over tables pretty quickly so if you see a line up, just chill.

I originally wanted to go downtown and check out the ones on Queen, but I wanted to see what the local Ramen house was like and I was not disappointed.

-Tasting the world, one bite at a time!笑
The ramen itself is decent, in fact I want to commend them more on their delicious takoyki, which I don't know if it's a good thing considering they are a ramen shop.

I've tried both the shoyu ramen and the spicy challenge ramen and both had very standard broth flavors that did not particularly stand out.笑
Drove by this place the other night and wanted to give it a try. Got a chance to stop by for a snack meal at 4pm. There was a line with about 15 min wait which was a good sign. So we put our name on the little sign up sheet on the wall and waited. 

The staff are friendly. The sign saids they make everything in house. The broth, the noddles, etc.  I got the tonkotsu miso ramen and it was good. Not the best I have had but definitely not bad. The atmosphere is pretty nice. They were very busy but the place was very clean. Nice open kitchen so you can see them making the food. It's small with about 12 or so tables. I will definitely come back for more next time.笑
Finding decent Ramen in Mississauga is rare and unfortunately Kenzo leaves much to be desired. Unless you order the king bowl, many of their dishes leave you hungry afterwards. And don't bother with the non-ramen dishes, they're not filling at all. I really wanted to like the place but you'll probably have to venture out more for any good ramen.笑
This place is literally up the street from where I live, yet today was my first visit!  I wasn't impressed with Momofuku, so I thought it was hype.  Besides, this place is always busy and I'm not one to line up for food...unless it's free!  ;)

Impressions?  I'm not a huge ramen person, but I've had better in Vancouver.

I also ordered the wrong thing, so that didn't really help my impression.  I initially ordered the Ji Su Ramen ($11), with a soy sauce based soup w/ an egg broken into the broth, pieces of chicken, & sesame oil.  Soup was more like a gravy, so it was a bit too rich for my liking.

I ended up swapping for the Sapporo Miso Ramen (~$11) which had SOO much bean sprouts.  Sprouts/pieces of nappa definitely outweighed the noodles, so that wasn't good.

Both soups were piping hot, so that was good.  A bit on the salty side, especially the bowl of Ji Su.  Service was friendly and fairly efficient.  Not bad, but didn't really live up to the hype.  However, I wouldn't be opposed to going back to try another dish.  

And yes, there was a wait for a table, but it moved fairly quickly.  I also came on Saturday evening for dinner and again, there was also a line, so I went elsewhere.  Seems to be always a wait during peak times.笑
I am so disappointed about their noodles. We older regular ramen, it took so long to serve us, when they brought the noodle, I was surprised, the noodle tasted like instant noodle, soup is just like regular red miso paste with boiling water. I just wondering why it take so long? It was my birthday to go there eat such disappoint noodle. If I can vote for no star on the review, I will definitely go with it.笑
Let me get this out of the way, I don't know what "good" ramen is, but I have to say. I'm a fan of this place. 

I have had the King Ramen, and really love Takoyaki.  Long story short, the food came out fast, delicious, and the service is great.  They refill water, ask if we are doing fine, and even say thank you and good bye.  Also... this has basically become the trend for all ramen places but yes... they have toothpicks and mouthwash in the washrooms too.  

For anyone who needs to "graduate" from instant noodles, or just can't make it to downtown Toronto (apparently where the best ramen places are) check out the local Kenzo Ramen.

Presentation: 8/10
Taste: 8/10
price: 8/10
service: 9/10  

Hopefully this helps笑
This place is located on the south/west corner of Mavis and Burhamthrope... in a plaza strip.  I drove past it the first time... so though this tip would help others out.

The place is very small and limted seating.
I find that the waitress is not very attentive.

There is a prep kitchen that is an open concept... to finalize the toppings ordered... which I thought was neat.  They work very fast behind the counter.  No portions counted/weighed... they just eyeball everything.

With that said... the noodle soup is good.   But I did not find it was worth the hype.笑
One of my go-to places. The portion sizes are incredible and I always love the way the ramen tastes. However, if you go on a Friday-Sunday night, you may find yourself waiting for quite a bit because the place is small.笑
Flavour: 3/5
Service : 4/5
Value: 3/5

Been here twice. 
Ordered the tonkotsu ramen black and the king ramen.

Noodles are fresh, good and aldente. Could have a little more 'bounce' but no complaints.

The pork slices in the ramen were at times overcooked, other times they were tender and delicious.

Soup was good, but not amazing.

Would repeat for convenience.笑
Love it. They are so friendly. The food is fresh and taste great. You can ask them for vegetarian broth which they will gladly do. The takoyaki are great they taste really good it's very authentic. The onigiri is really good as well.笑
Five star. King of kings, very good. So good, probably the best! 
Other ramen places is FAKE ramen. 


Can confirm笑
One of the best ramen places I've been to! Totally recommend it. This place can be sometimes packed though but honestly it is worth the wait! The portions are big which is very filling. The food tasted great! Would definitely come back next time if I'm craving for some ramen!笑
The food is nice. Best to come earlier in weekend at night. Good customer service. A Little bit over price. I enjoy the food every much.笑
Great service. Always busy but they package to go orders well and their customer service is great! Sapporo Miso is delicious!笑
I love ramen but this place just doesn't cut it.  I got the basic miso ramen and it was very underwhelming.  The broth did not taste right and the noodles were kind of soggy.   There was way too much bean sprouts in the noodles and the amount of meat was not comparable to the picture on the menu.

I probably would not come back, I rather drive downtown for the better ramen places that never disappointed me.  The reason why this place gets a two star from me is because the service was okay and was pretty quick.笑
It's good ramen. I got the tonkotsu miso. Nothing mind blowing but if you're in sauga and crave that delicious ramen flavour, this place will meet your needs.

Service was kinda slow here tho, and don't expect your water to be refilled proactively.笑
The only bad thing about this place is the fact it's closed Sunday.   I f$&&in love their soup.    If you like authentic ramen give this place a try.   You'll be back for sure.笑
Takoyaki is amazinggg, I always come back craving for it. King of kings is probs the best ramen there. Still itching to try out their I onigiri gyoudon and tofu!笑
I have been here twice now and I have to say I really like this place.   We had to wait outside for awhile till we could be seated, since the place is so small.  But the amazing service more than made up for the wait.   We were even given complimentary Gyoza!  As for the Ramen I really enjoyed it even though the level 3 spice level wasn't really spicy at all.  Overall I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the mood to have Ramen.笑
One of the worst Kenzo location I've been to. The soup base for the ramen was flavourful but for sure they added a lot of msg. I kept needing to drink water right after my meal.笑
Very good, love the Takoyaki. a little expensive, but good food.笑
Great place for ramen! The food is awesome and the portions are huge. Took me almost an hour to finish (slow eater here). Servers are extremely welcoming and always smiling and let us take our time to order. Worth the wait in the line, but go earlier in the day to avoid the lineup.
 We went back again the next week and the consistency was amazing. They even have options for those who don't like ramen, although I doubt how someone would not like this awesome dish.

Would visit again, anytime!笑
My friend has been asking me to try Ramen for the longest time, and I kept refusing to get out of my comfort zone. But once I did come to Kenzo.. there was no doubt about how delicious ramen was! :) 

I always order the veggie broth ramen with veggies and shrimp in it. The portions are great for the price ($10-12) and some of their apps paid really well with the Ramen too. The only downside is the wait and the waiting area. On some nights you're literally waiting outside the restaurant! Guess it's a way of knowing that it's a popular joint! Definitely recommend this for a night out with friends/family!笑
Love this place. The wait is always long but they have an effective system where you come in a write your name so you always know where you are in the line. 
We got the gowza and I got the netsu Ramen with chicken. This is my favourite bcuz it's a huge portion and had a ton of vegetables. Sooo good笑
Food's good. Service is fast. Try the Netsu Ramen. I've tried level 2's got a good kick to it, but doesnt burn your tongue.笑
I love everything ramen especially on a cold day.  Ramen has lots of flavour and is anything but ordinary.  Love their takoyaki definitely recommend anyone who goes there to order it! Their gyoza is delicious too.  Service was amazing, the waitress answered all of our questions  and gave us recommendations that fit our taste buds.  Wish they had more ramen spots in mississauga as this is the only one that I know of and it gets pretty busy.  The waiting time to be seated can be up to 1/2/hour - hour which can really suck if you're really hungry and craving ramen. That's the only downfall :(笑
The Agedashi tofu that we ordered for a starter was good, but the soy sauce based ramen was lackluster. Next time we will try a different type of ramen. If you like green tea like we do, definitely try the smoothie! But ask for half the sweetness, it's more than enough.笑
When this opened, it quickly became my go-to spot for ramen. I always got the Netsu ramen, which is a spicy ramen dish with chicken and a generous amount of vegetables. The portion is pretty big, filling, and has such a nice flavor. Even though I'm not one to drink broth in soups, this is one that I like drinking because it's just that good. I'm pretty sure the ramen I've had here has been the best ramen I've ever had at a restaurant and I would love to come back here again some day. The only problem is that it's quite busy a lot of the time and the restaurant is a bit small, so it's not really the best place for larger parties (even going as a party of 5 can feel crowded).笑
Feels like you're in Tokyo.  Really, really, really good food.  The only thing is the line up doesn't stop until about 9笑
Wait line was long but they were organized and we got our table quicker than expected. Come before 1pm because this place get packed quick. 

Ordered the tonkotsu (pork broth soup ramen)Very very tasty. 
Service was excellent staff was polite. 
Will return again soon.笑
"irashaimasen!" ("welcome!"), the hostess modestly yells as she walks you to your table, with the rest of the employees echoing it back as a form of greeting.  notable wooden furniture decorates the space, adding some elegance in contrast to the bustling, casual feel of the restaurant.

the menu lists the usual ramen essentials, such as sho-yu and miso ramen, and some other kenzo specialties such as their spicy features and their "king of kings" dish.  i decided to give the karashi ramen a shot, which uses "japanese karashi hot sauce" in its broth.  a delicious soup with ample spice level.  i think the best part about kenzo's ramen is that their noodles have this very fun, chewy texture.  i'm also fond of their onigiri, which is covered in a light coating of sesame oil, contributing an extra dimension of flavour and texture.  your choice of salmon, tuna, or chicken filling.

they don't have the greatest ramen, but it's still tasty, affordable, and they have all the basic menu options.  plus points for being mississauga's first real ramen restaurant, as far as i know笑
I really like this place. It's straight forward and to the point Ramen. We arrived right before the lunch rush, so we were able to get a seat right away. The ramen choices are more than some of the other places that I've been to, which is nice. The staff was courteous but I wouldn't describe them as friendly. The environment was clean and well kept. I had their new really spicy ramen which I forgot the name. When I ordered, the waitress warned me that a level 1 spice was the same as a level 3 spicy for their regular ramen. I decided to give the level 1 a try and holy crap! She was not lying!! That ramen was spicy!! I think I prefer the king of kings ramen with level 3 spiciness.halfway through the meal we added park katsu which is supposed to be an appetizer. They were lightening fast in getting it for us, so as to be able to continue eating or lunch with all of our food served at the same time.  My lunch partner had their stir fried noodles...I believe yakisoba, which was also delicious and served on a hot plate which helped to keep its temperature throughout the meal. I think they should have a sign that states that you have to stand up and walk to the counter to pay, otherwise you end up sitting and waiting around for someone to bring over a credit card machine. Other than that, pretty great lunch time spot.笑
First time at Kenzo Ramen. First time ramen eater. I was not disappointed.

My girlfriend and myself visited this place due to cravings for something hot and salty and new. The menu had a lot of choices, but was not one that stood out that was a must try. We eventually got Tonkotsu Sho-yu Ramen and Netsu Ramen. Oh boy, was it delicious, the noodles was perfectly cook, the soup was flavourful and it was so much for one person to finish. Looking around other tables, there was a lot of half bowl full.

We also tried the gyoza, a chefmade appetizer and not just store bought crap that I guess other restaurant sells. But what do I know, I just eat and gives a thumbs up or down.

Overall, this place was an A+. Friendly service and affordable food that will keep me coming back. However, I will only come here when I'm craving something salty. They have my help getting customers in the door, as I will recommended their good food.笑
I was not a Kenzo fan because of its below average quality ramen. But yesterday my gf took home a fried noodle take out for me, the chicken and veggies were burnt(visually) and tasted bitter, the person who made the noodle could have remaked one but instead, he let the customer bring this burnt food home. Will never order any takeouts from this store.笑
Went to Canada Computers and saw this place. Popped in and tried the octopus balls. I was pleasantly surprised, they were delicious! Will go again probably this week to try noodles.笑
The food was excellent.  Very tasty and flavourful! I ordered the noodles and they were perfectly made. I would would highly recommend this place.笑
Another fake ramen place operated by Korean. I ordered the miso pork bone soup. Very disappointed with the soup because I could only taste the saltiness of from the miso. PuttIng bean sprouts into the ramen is just gross. come on! This is not Viet pho. $10.95 for a ramen like this is definitely a no no. Never gonna go back.笑
Not the best ramen I've had but not bad either. Customer service was quick and efficient. The restaurant is spacious compared to other ramen places I've been to. I ordered the King of Kings Ramen with extra meat. 

The broth was okay, not too salty but not very spicy considering it was part of the spicy category. The noodles could be better and they put way too many bean sprouts in the bowl (although, if you like bean sprouts then this is indifferent to you). The meat was good, nothing out of the ordinary. 

Kenzo is probably my backup ramen place since it's very close to my home. I prefer to eat ramen in downtown Toronto though.笑
The ramen is ok i think this place is super busy because there isn't much ramen places in Mississauga. To get your quick ramen fix it is alright but not the best. Fast service avoid this place on weekends because of the line up. Ive pretty much tried everything on the menu but the best is the Tsukemen (noodles with a concentrated broth for dipping on the side)笑
Being the only authentic ramen joint in Mississauga his place is usually very packed. We went for Saturday lunch at noon and the wait was only about 5 minutes or so. I had ordered the spicy ramen challenge at $13.95 and received a generous portion of ramen and ground pork. I find the regular orders have a small portion. Service was good. 

Would definitely come back next time.笑
I actually came here in the summer with friends but never got to try it because of the long wait times. So today I got a chance to try it out. 

We both ordered the tonkatsu ramen for lunch. It came out fairly quicky and tasted pretty decent imo. The slices of pork were my favourite! So tender and soft. The broth was a bit salty and the presentation wasn't that nice to post on instagram.

Overall, it was okay but nothing special. I'm not a ramen person so I think one time is good enough for me.笑
Rating has gone down to 2 stars.

I love the food here but man...someone needs to do something about the service and the outdated menu. 

I ordered the Katsu Kare - which is fully indicated on their menu. A couple of minutes later the server came up to me and wanted to clarify if I wanted the Katsudon. I told her no, I wanted the Katsu Kare. She looked at me like I was crazy and hands me the menu again and tells me there is no such thing. 

I looked over the menu and noticed it wasn't there. I told her she must've given me a different menu. She tells me it is the only menu they have and I probably wanted the Katsudon. 
Again, I told her no, it wasn't what I wanted and went to look for the menu she gave me initially. 
Once I found it, I showed her the Katsu Kare is on the menu. She then apologizes and tells me they don't have curry and asks if I want to order something else instead.

UGHHHH do I have a choice?! This was so frustrating. Especially, when you have to wait 20-30 minutes to get a table and you're hungry as f. And when you finally sit down to order they say they don't have what's on their menu.

How does that make any sense?!

Kenzo you need to:
1. change to a bigger location to accommodate people
2. update your menu 
3. improve your customer service


I don't think I can come back here. Saves me the hassle.笑
Average ramen. Doubt you can find better places in Mississauga, but pales in comparison to Toronto ramen.笑
Broth was overly salty without true taste of broth, noodles were overcooked with weird uneven consistency. 

They gave me raw gyoza then instead of fixing as I reported it, the waitress proceeded to waste my time to inform how I Might be wrong (how the parboiled then grilled), how about check the meat when I point at it instead of running your mouth? It took the full meal until the gyoza was returned to the table. When it was brought back,  instead of giving me a new order they just gave the exact plate with a pcs I spat out. Its all soggy bc I suspect they just microwaved it. Wtf, so not coming back

Waste of money and of time.笑
Average ramen shop.  Can't compare to Kinton, Santouka or Sansotei in downtown Toronto.  However, this is the only Japanese noodle shop in Mississauga & I'm happy to enjoy a bowl of tonkotsu ramen when I'm home.  Definitely go for the Kenzo's recommended dishes!  If you like spicy, you can order the 3 peppers level.  If you can finish the whole spicy bowl with soup, your meal is on the house!笑
I have been looking for a Ramen place forever and the staff forgot about me and didn't put my order in. Was there for 45min before I figured it out and had to go so haven't had a chance to try the food yet. Can't tell you how disappointed I was笑
Love this place! 

I've been craving for ramen and searched on Yelp the best ramen in Mississauga. Did not disappoint me! Service was good. Friendly staff. Parking can be a challenge since it's located alongside busy establishments. Definitely recommend this place.笑
Ramen is taking a while to catch on around where I live, so I drive for 30 minutes to get it at Kenzo. And I'll tell you this; it's well worth the drive. The broth is flavorful, the noodles are just the right chewiness and the sides are made just right. 

The last time I trekked out to Mississauga, I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and a side of gyoza. The smokiness of the pork topping was wonderful against the savory broth and the sweetness of the pork & onion dumplings was a satisfying contrast.

I envy those who can pop into Kenzo ramen shop whenever the weather gets cold, for me, it's a rare treat for when I can spare a few hours, but I look forward to it whenever the occasion presents itself.

This spectacular Japanese version of Asian comfort food is absolutely a must while you're in the area of this or any Kenzo Ramen Shop.笑
I ate here twice, two weeks in a roll, and I loved it both time.  I drove passed by this place for two years, very curious but never stopped by bc it only had 3.5 lackluster stars on Yelp.

Well, spank my hiney and ready to cry;this place is the bomb.

Now let's frame my enthusiastic comment in perspective - that we live in "Ssauga", not in Tokyo or New York.  This is the best Japanese Ramen joint in all of Ssauga, in my opinion.

Last week, I had the Netsu Ramen, which was spicy, flavorful, and full of vegetables that I enjoyed. I loved how much sprouts they put in. My wife had the Shi-O ramen, and I got to try some, and thought it was very refreshing, subtle, and refined tasting.  I like the simplicity and the small size of Shi-O Ramen.

Last night four of us went to Kenzo, and I tried the Nakasaki Champon ramen. Wow, that blew me away. It was very flavorful.  It was spicy and yet not biting, and there was some underlying deep flavor, probably from the pork bone soup base.  My wife had the same thing, and she said she loved it, and was surprised it was not more expensive given the quality ingredients they put in.    My wife had some Gyoza. She said it was ok, but nothing she will miss.  I did not have any Gyoza as I make it a habit to focus on Ramen when I go to Ramen shop, and not distract my tastebuds. I only order for myself ramen, but bc I was with other people I got to try also Agedesi Tofu. I liked it - like 4 out of 5 stars.   What I really want to try is Takoyaki;next time for sure.  Now I serious doubt I will try Karaage chicken here, as I have spent last 10 years trying to find a legit Karaage Chicken and found only two places, only one of them in Canada (Taki restaurant in Niagra Falls)

All in all, this place is a winner.  I am sorry I drove by for two years without giving them a try.
If you are in Ssauga, and you have a ramen craving, I would not hesitate to go here.  I plan to go back next week to try the - King of Kings Ramen.   The name is so large, I am so curious. Well today is one week after my initial review, and I did try the King of Kings Ramen.   I regret my choice.  I would stick with Nakasaki Champon , Netsu ramen or Shi-o ramen.  The King of Kings was way too much noodle, not enough broth, and the broth was not flavorful and satisfying.  I would rename this dish as WannabeKingofKingsRamen.  It was barely better than ramen I make at home, and I am not even sure about that.

BB笑
Some of my favorites are Ju sa men, takoyaki or squid balls and gyoza. Employees are very friendly. They greet you when you enter or leave the place. The place is clean. Sometimes there is waiting time  (5 to 15 mins). Highly recommended specially on cold days.笑
We've had better. But, in Mississauga, where finding a good specialized ramen joint is like finding a needle in a haystack, I guess this will have to suffice for now. In short, Kenzo's one of Mississauga's very few options at the time of this review.

I've visited this location a couple of times and I've had the Shio Ramen, the Miso Ramen, the Shoyu Ramen, and the Tonkotsu Ramen. I've also had the gyoza and a couple of other starters. Overall, very average. Out of all of these, I think I enjoyed the Tonkotsu one best (although, for what it is, it's a bit overpriced from what I recall). The broth isn't as flavourful as other joints in Toronto, to the point where the broth can sometimes be watery and bland (the Shio Ramen in particular). Also, I'd pass on the gyoza. I ordered it here once and I couldn't keep it down - there was something about the mix that was really garlicky and off-putting. 

Overall, very average meals, and definitely not the best. But if you're craving ramen in the west end, I guess this does the job for now.笑
Delicious ramen , can be substituted to vegetarian or chicken based broth if you don't eat pork. Portion was huge . Staff was good and the food came quickly笑
It's alright...nice and clean, small and bright.  Service is good but I can't say that the ramen was the best I've ever had.  Noodles were soft and fresh, soup salty (like all ramen houses) and the gyoza pricey.   

Was hoping for chicken karage bit the app menu was pretty simple just fried tofu, gyoza, and takoyaki. 

It was good.  Just good.笑
This location on Burnhamthorpe and Mavis is always super busy, especially during lunch, and with good reason:  the food is consistently good, and the servers are always super cheerful and efficient. I love the Jisumen here, and also the onigiri. I haven't tried the other dishes but was told that they're good too. Worth checking out.笑
Nice place, good collection of vegetarian soups.笑
All i can say is Wow ! I'm impressed.  I haven't been to this location for a while and they really got their act together.
When i first came here when they first opened, they didn't have AC and their soup tasted a bit burnt. It has improved since then, hence the large crowd now.
 Man i felt like i got teased today.  I got the spicy one and the wife got the creamy vegetarian. Boy was mine spicy but tasted sooo good. I do wish it had a little more noodles in it though.

Food 5/5
Convenience 5/5 - right beside chatime :)
Service 5/5
Price 4.5/5笑
This is my favorite ramen place thus so far. It's just too bad it was not closer to home. 

We came here because I had to check out the ramen scene in Ontario. 

Most of the ramen at Kenzo is under $11. Which in my book is awesome and the portions are huge! Which is even better. 

They make their own broth, noodles, gyoza, etc. That is what it said on their wall. 

I ordered the Ji Su Ramen which is a soy sauce base soup combined with chicken, eggs and sesame oil. Mixed with stir fried vegetables. Let's just say it was DELICIOUS. The soup was so smooth because of the eggs running around in it. The eggs are running throughout the soup so it looks like...egg drop soup. 

There are popular places in NYC where the broth is soooooo salty that it's inedible and hurts my lips when the soup touches my lips. It's not like that at all at Kenzo. The saltiness of the soup/broth is the first thing I will observe. I did not find the soup overly salty at all at Kenzo, it was perfect. 

I still think about the bowl of ramen that I had at Kenzo, it was that good. 

The service was indifferent but it's in line with other ramen places. I was not at Kenzo for service, I was there for their ramen. 

The appetizers are a bit more expensive than even NYC. We enjoyed their takoyaki very much, much more than most places in NYC. 

Why does Kenzo have to be so far from home?! I miss you Kenzo!笑
This is not a very authentic restaurant, although everything is made fresh I was not that impressed with the food , I thought the soups could of had more noodles , the soy sauce was not original it was flavoured with something being Japanese I wasn't keen on it I grew up on kikoman original brewed soy sauce and Sapporo ichiban ramen soup which is an original soy sauce based soup this place does not compare笑
The black tonkotsu wasn't bad. Definitely not amazing in anyway, but being the only ramen house in sauga can't complain. Should definitely order the gyzoa, they was delicious. Everything we ordered tasted fresh and made from scratch. You can see the whole kitchen from the seating area. Place is kinda small for a sauga location.....Strange. They don't take reso, so when you get there you need to sign in immediately to get called for a table. Thank goodness the wait for ramen doesn't take that long :)笑
Expect line ups outside the door during weekends and dinner times. Ramen consists of bouncy noodles that sit in a rich broth and accompanied by several slices of pork and vegetables. Tried both the shio and shoyu ramen and both were equally delicious and highly recommend them.笑
I loved itttttt!! went with my boyfriend, I got the king of kings & he got tan tan man. Both had a totally different taste but was amazing. I got spice level 1 and it was a bit too spicy for me but I still loved it.  The servers were so prompt and polite & the atmosphere was great. when we left there was a line at the door. Highly highly reccomend !笑
The soup of the ramen is not as flavorful as other ramen places, so for me is not that good. Service is good.笑
I've been here few times already and will definitely keep coming back. I am in love with their Tonkotsu Ramen (Hakata style pork bone soup ramen). The broth is delicious and the sliced pork meat is the best I've had. I've also tried their Takoyaki (baked octopus ball filled with octopus, green onion, cheese and shrimp flavouring) which were also very good. Too bad that they are not available all the time. Their iced matcha drink is also worth trying.

The portion of the ramen is perfect. Price is good. The line-up seems long but it moves pretty quickly. Make sure to write down your name on the waiting list right beside the door once you come in (yes, you have to write it down yourself). Service is friendly and quick. 

My favourite Ramen House so far笑
Meh, they're mediocre. The Takoyaki is REALLY overpriced. The middle of the shell is mostly hollow with a piece of octopus. It's like really poorly made. The ramen is decent at best.笑
I love Ramen, I've done a few reviews on several ramen places and so there's a certain expectation I have when I come in to get a bowl of ramen.  Being one who lives in Mississauga, I had to try out the one and only ramen place.  Few years back, I went to the downtown location and had mixed reviews with it.  And sadly, that's the same thing I've experienced recently.

Before I begin, I genuinely want Kenzo to succeed especially when they are the first ones to break into Mississauga.  So I'm hoping that the owners read this and take some the criticisms to improve their business.

So décor wise, it's very unimpressive, almost feels like they just took the old place, put some tables, added a couple of Japanese props and bam, along came the ramen place.  Not much they can do about this, but I have to address, as ramen places in general have invested just as much $ into the décor as they have in the food.

Service is fine.  That's really Kenzo's high point, as it was pretty fast, attentive and they were welcoming when you came in and when you left the place.  It pains me to award a low review for a place that had relatively good service.

So the food.  This is where Kenzo completely missed the mark on a lot of things.  The menu for one, didn't offer more than...10-12 ramen bowls, with 2 appetizers (one of them being crossed off).  Also, the menu I got was in pretty bad condition, ripped and looked like soup was accidently dumped on it.  It kind of bugged me that the menu had so little choice, and didn't offer up options to add corn, an egg or any form of extra garnishes.  It was pretty much "you get what you see".

As for the actual dish, which was the Shi-o Ramen, first off, the bowl was PUNY.  It reminded of the small bowls that I would get at Pho.  This puny bowl is $8, which I guess is cheaper but my goodness, there was absolutely very little in my bowl.  Ramen noodles, two slices of pork, some green onions and 3 slices of bamboo shoot.  The ramen noodles were fine, soup was overly salted imo and pork was surprisingly bland.  I finished my bowl in literally 5-10 minutes and found myself going elsewhere to get a snack to fill me up (yes, I could have gotten gyoza but in all honesty, by this point, I had just given up).

Having said all this, I want Kenzo to realize that there is a considerably amount of areas that need improvement before I can even think of revisiting the place.  Take this review in good stride.笑
This place has great Ramen! I went here never having Ramen before I love it!
I order it with ground chicken and ordered it level 2 and it was really spicy and seasoned just right! I will be definitely be trying more ramen places in the future!笑
Good ramen and incredible gyoza (increased rating from 3 just for gyoza).  Will return.  However, do not like the wait so would return during off peak hours.  I'm impatient.笑
Much like other posters,  this place is just average.  If you've got an itch for Ramen,  this is the only place to get it scratched outside of Toronto. 

If this was served up in Toronto, I can guarantee I wouldn't be back.  Limited menu with bland flavors, it's really nothing special.  The staff is nice though. I guess I'll keep coming when I have a need for ramen and can't get into the city.笑
Once again easy 5 stars! I saw this right next to the Canada computers an was like yup.. Dinner is served. Busy just as expected. Had to wait 10 min to get in to give my take out order. Took another 10 to get the order. Netsu Ramen and Gyoza. Packed nicely. Got home still hot. 

Tried it... Felt I was back somewhere in food heaven... Came back finished and then took a breath. 

Wow. The broth perfect, good amount veggies and chicken. The noodles perfectly cooked.  The Gyoza just as fantastic as I'd hoped.  The portions are fantastic for one person, the prices are decent, food is worth it. 

I know for sure it will definitely be a place I'd come through again!笑
This is one of my favourite noodle houses in Mississauga. The noodles and dumplings are made in-house, and are amazing! They also have huge pieces of Tako Yaki, and you have to try the Onigiri. It's a little bit pricey for one piece of Onigiri, but it's a fairly large piece and super tasty. The only reason I gave it four stars is because the location is a bit small, and tends to get busy sometimes.笑
The ramen here is amazing! I got the tonkutsu ramen and the broth/soup was soooo good. My mom got the spicy 1 ramen. Which was actually spicy considering that I can handle most spicy things. It was really good! The waiters there greet you when you come in and say goodbye to you when you leave. And are super friendly. If you come here in the weekend there are a LOT of people. So I ended up going on work hours. I gave 4 stars because they should add not tables considering how popular it is. But overall amazing restaurant and definitely a must on your to-do list.笑
Alright we back in the review boyzzzzzz

Yelp FAM, we talkin the most underrated ramen shop in sauga. (even tho I'm pretty sure its like the only one lmao)

This place has the most BLESSED ramen ever. Now it says japanese noodle house, but they tricking you doe. Everybody here was Korean bruh made it 10x easier to communiCate ANNYEONGHASEYO BAYBEE

Ahjumma was so nice too. She was like ahhh how do young men without more food not grow up? Gave us more meat and egg bruh. Too good. No charge. It was too nice I was like OK give you more tip BAYBEE

Only negative is the cost. Costs $10 per bowl bruh, BUT WORTH. that is too good. Its quality so if you don't mind, give it a go. 


Yeee笑
As glad as I am to see an actual ramen shop finally opening in Mississauga, this branch of kenzo is definitely lacking.

I've visited about 7-8 times since they have opened, and literally every time, they have failed to have takoyaki! They told me they ran out but I found out a few days ago their machine is actually broken. I would understand if it was just a few days, but it's been well over a month now? 

The broth is great, and the portions are also decently consistent. I am quite unhappy with the egg though, it's always over cooked (between 90-100% hard boiled instead of 50-60%). Sometimes their pork is too chewy, maybe it's over cooked? Not exactly sure. Their garlic is always questionable, it's between a light orange to dark brown. I know that minced garlic only does that when mixed with oil which forms a LOT of bacteria if not used immediately. I don't think that quite constitutes food safe, but I guess no one complains since it's just a tiny amount. 
The rest if the ramen is pretty good, so no more complaints about that.

Service is on and off. I've had really nice and attentive servers, but also have had my order forgotten, water spiller on me, soup spilled on me, waited twenty minutes for my bill, and attitude for not being ready with my food choice literally after sitting down. 


I have seen them pre making the gyoza with bare hands and over a energetic chat, as well as the chefs drinking and eating where the food is prepared. Again, food safe? Still questionable. 

I've been to the other kenzo locations and those are by far better in every single aspect. The only good thing about this one is that it's close to home. Hopefully they'll match up to their downtown counter parts decently soon.笑
This is the best ramen in Mississauga.  Service is fast and the selection is great.  It is very small and busy though so be prepared to wait.笑
Flavors from the pork belly are great.  Noodles are exactly what you are looking for when you are craving ramen.  Octopus balls had good flavour but seemed a little under done. Pricing overall is average to a little higher than you would find in mist downtown noodle houses but decor is very clean and staff is uber friendly and helpful.笑
Having tried several of their ramens I feel like I only want to go back for the spicy ramen (level 1, 2, 3). The other choices are just so-so and for some of them the amount of the noodles is waaay too little (I'm a girl with a small appetite). The tables are a bit crowded as the kitchen takes up half of the space. It might be not comparable to the ramen in downtown Toronto, but hey it's the only ramen place in Mississauga as far as I know.笑
I've been eyeballing this place for a while now and finally made it in to have lunch. 

Great little place to grab a quick bite and boy does it get busy!! I came in around noon and was greeted and seated immediately. 

I started with an order of onigiri and it was great! Thoroughly enjoyed as a starter. 

I kept it simple for my choice of ramen and ordered the sho-yu ramen. The broth was very tasty and had the perfect amount of fixings on top. The size of the small bowl was quite generous and perfect for me. There was bok choy as a topping which I'm not used to on ramen but it was enjoyable. Noodles were perfect and I will def be back. 

The reason for the missing star was the service as I waited quite a while for my bill. It was busy with a small line up and I thought they would be eager to use the table but I waited about 10 minutes before I had to flag someone down for the bill.笑
My party of 2 went on a Saturday around 12pm and the wait was not terrible. Once we were seated, the line started forming so we were quite glad to have gotten there earlier! Their queue system is different compared to most restaurants where you have to write your name down on a sheet of paper next to the front entrance. They call your name and your party based on the tables that free up... really based on an honour system!

We ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and the Spicy Noodle Challenge noodles (level 1). I don't tolerate spice well and I found the spicy noodles WAY too spicy. The Tonkatsu was light and not overly oily. The pork was quite tender, however my soft boiled egg was definitely overcooked. I also wish that they gave me a full egg instead of just half!

Overall, averagely priced and averagely tasting.笑
Sent the hubby to pick up some take out here today:  Shoyu Ramen and Takoyaki.  The bill came to just under $21.  Surprisingly, the takoyaki costed more than the ramen itself.  

As soon as he got home, I was so excited to open it as I haven't been feeling well so I really wanted some soup.  Initially, I thought maybe he forgot the takoyaki and ordered 2 ramens because the 2 containers weighed the same.  I opened it and was surprised with the size of the takoyaki balls, they are the size of a tidbit maybe even bigger.  Hmm...odd.  I've never seen them like that.  I opened the broth container, which was huge only to be disappointed that only about a quarter of the container was broth.  What a collosal waste of a massive container.

Ramen:  the portion ratio of broth to noodle is completely off.  So much noodle for such little broth.  Almost reminded me of a lomein.  The broth itself was disappointing.  Because there was raw mushrooms, the broth just started to take on the flavour.  Didn't taste like pork anymore, it is amateurish at best.  The pork itself is tough and chewy with no flavour.  This is odd because I just had Kenzo on Queen 2 wks ago and the Shoyu definitely did not taste like this.

Takoyaki:  I'm sorry but this is not takoyaki.  I've had so much takoyaki in the past month I can taste it in my head just as I peruse the pics on yelp.  This was dense, mushy and heavy probably because it's baked vs. fried.  Because it was made so big and dense and the sauce is quite watery, it was soggy so when picking up with a chopstick it was like a big slop.  The sauce, oh boy all I tasted was mayo.  There was no Bonito flakes on top.  It was definitely not authentic.  Considering it costed more than the ramen, they should be ashamed of themselves.  The Japanese spot at Square One Food court makes 100x better takoyaki than this for half the price.  It's a shame.
 
I understand I ordered take out and the car ride may have compromised the food itself but not to this extent.  I think I will be avoiding this Kenzo.笑
I ruined my shirt. And it was worth it.

It's maybe not the best idea to be eating foodstuffs like ramen (or pho for that matter) while dressed up. Or maybe one must eat super delicately? I've apparently never gotten the hang of eating ramen without looking like a toddler discovering his fingers for the first time in his life. Soup spatter stains. Everywhere.

What I had was enjoyable. I believe it was the Netsu Ramen. The flavor of the broth was really good, and it was quite filling. Everything was delicious overall, with the only detraction being that the ground pork was kind of... flavorless? I don't know if that's normal and maybe the broth was supposed to do the heavy lifting in the flavor department, but it was so flavorless that I could have enjoyed eating it without the pork being a part of it. Which... that should horrify people that I would consider eating something without meat in it. 

The gyoza was good. Quite good in fact. I want more gyoza. Gyoza. Gyozaaa. Gayozaaa. You ever start saying a word and then feel like you've forgotten how to say the word?

Prices are all floating around $10. There are I believe a couple of cheaper options but the most popular items are all in the $10+ range. I have no point of reference on these prices, so I don't know whether to rate up or down... Let me know for future reference.笑
After all my visits to this restaurant. It's still one of my favorites restaurants in mississauga and one of my favorite places to get gyudon. 

Their Gyudon (beef on rice) is extremely delicious. I usually get my order without ginger and 2 additional raw eggs. Would totally recommend it. I love how it's really flavorful and juicy. The rice and beef blend perfectly together. 

The service here is excellent. Every time i come here, it feels like home. All the services are extremely friendly and attentive.  

There's always a wait here during rush hours like lunch and dinner. So to avoid the wait, come during off hours.笑
Quick Service,
Ordered Tan-Tan Men, and Miso Ramen.
Both were absolutely fantastic. Fresh, made from scratch.
Definitely going back and bringing friends.笑
The idea of ramen in Japan is an inexpensive way to fill up/warm up the average person on the go. 

This place however can tend to be full capacity at times with very long lineups. Seating is limited because it's a small location. 

Firstly I want to point out that I am fairly pleased with their menu in terms of portion size and variety. They range from basic miso broths, to pork bone broths, to spicy ones. The miso broth I feel lacks in flavour but that's fixed with the Japanese pepper flake seasoning they sometimes provide so make sure to ask for it if they don't provide it. 

I do have a major problem with certain things however. The 1st thing is the seating. The chairs look like they were made in an elementary class. It is literally a board of wood with four legs (very uncomfortable). They may be going for a Japanese ambiance, but we're in Canada and I expect more comfortable seating whilst I enjoy a meal. 
2nd is the waiting area. They pack two benches into an already tightly packed entrance so you're actually elbowing your way through people just to take your seat. 
3rd is the actual space of the dining area; it's small, and for the hype that this restaurant has they'd relocate to a larger location. They would easily accommodate other hungry patrons instead of having them wait for upwards of 30 minutes on certain busy nights. Ramen will always be popular so filling more tables in a bigger restaurant won't hurt the business. That's what separates themselves from being a 5 star experience in my mind. 

I live in Mississauga and sometimes need my ramen fix, and they're the only ones around, so for that they currently win, and their food is decently priced and tastes great with good portions so I'll be going back.. However as a restaurant that offers a certain culinary demand from people I'm sure other shops are soon to follow in their footsteps and ramen will be booming in Mississauga, and hopefully Kenzo make sure their problems are addressed if they want to stay afloat.笑
I come here once awhile for Ramen. Great atmosphere and service.  Food are fresh and nicely presented.  However the potion might be small for my stomach and taste is too salty side for me..  otherwise it's a great lunch out place.笑
Waited for 30 minutes, food is still not here. People next to us came in 5 minutes after us and they are finished with their dinner already eating their last dumpling while we are still patiently waiting. Finally called the waitress over and asked where our food are. Ignored us and went on with her life realizing she forgot to take our order. This is unacceptable. Won't recommend anyone to come here. Food is salty. Just like their employees!笑
as many people are saying, regardless of how the ramen is, its the ONLY place in Mississauga, so people are going to keep going when they want their ramen fix. that being said I didn't mind the more bland broth as it made for a lighter meal. the biggest problem I had was we sat under the ceiling air and condensation dropped into my drink AND my ramen... I kept eating it because I paid for it, but was worried the germy dirty metal ceiling might have made me sick later... all good! (nothing moving the table around wouldn't fix)笑
Mississauga has a shortage of restaurants serving ramen. For this reason only, I visit Kenzo from time to time. Their food is all decent, but nothing really wows you. It's simply an above average place in a place with not too many above average places. 

I've had a variety of their ramen dishes, as well as their takoyaki and gyoza. Their takoyaki is my favourite of their dishes, as it is done quite well. However, it's quite expensive at $10 for 6 pieces. 

The service is very good here, you're treated promptly and well. There are some Japanese customs that are carried out such as greetings and other little things that I can appreciate as someone who's traveled to Japan.

I feel like the ramen here is a little expensive for what it is. Unless it's amazing (which it quite honestly isn't), I can't justify paying nearly double the price of a bowl of pho for a bowl of ramen. Unfortunately, that's the reality in most cases. Some places make ramen that's good enough to justify this - Kenzo doesn't.

It's still definitely worth going to for your ramen cravings, but don't expect anything near best-in-category levels.笑
Oh me oh my !!! 

I was a ramen virgin, unless you count instant noodles, which I don't. Kenzie took my ramen virginity. 

In all honesty I have not much to compare Kenzo too, and I am no ramen expert, but I must say I absolutely loved it ! 

The soup was filled with plenty of flavour, if only I could pronounce the name( so I won't try) the Gyoza I had was better then any gyoza I've tasted, so I would definitely recommend getting that on the side to share while you have your ramen soup. 

The service was great, they were friendly and kept checking up, refilling our water and they were super friendly. 

9/10 in my books only because I feel like they need a bigger space to accommodate their clientele :)笑
Awesome food and service! The servers know exactly how to read their customers' body language. They always check around and look to see if anyone is need of a drink refill etc. They're also very quick and accommodating.

Food-wise, EXCELLENT. I've had both ramen and rice dishes as well as the dumpling and takoyaki appetizers. Everything is made in-house which is a huge plus and rare nowadays. The only reason why I couldn't give it 5 stars is because I wish the portions were a little bit bigger considering a bowl of ramen ranges from $10-15 per bowl.

Would definitely go here again!笑
Love this place! Everything is so fresh and tasty. Service is friendly and fast but be ready to wait for a table as this place is very popular.笑
Their choices of soup broth are great, not so much the meats. Overall it was quite decent. The Tonkatsu was great, but the Ji-Sue (i think thats what its called) was terrible...tasted like stirfry. I will definitely come back tho bcuz its local and the service was great. But anyone that says this is better than Kinton downtown knows nothing about Ramen whatsoever笑
Don't know why I've never written a review for Kenzo yet considering I've come here a handful of times since its grand opening in Mississauga over a year ago..Pros: TONKATSU RAMEN (I like my salt) so beware if you don't. Cons: Service is slow, and the decor is far from great.笑
This place is always so busy! The first time I came here, the place has just opened up and it was super packed. A year later, I came again...and it's the same! Super busy. 

The thing about ramen places is that they have to be really good. If they aren't, you really don't get your money's worth. 

I came here again recently and the experience was okay. The ramen that I ordered tasted okay. The broth was a little salty, noodles weren't thst great and there wasn't enough meat which was really disappointing. 

Portions were okay. Price could be lower...just because it wasn't at all great. They should focus more on the quality of food.

In terms of service, as it is very busy, they don't attend to your needs at all (if you want another glass of water, good luck getting a server). You also enough up going to the front counter to pay...if you just sit there and wait for the bill, it's never going to come to you.

I think this is the first ramen place in Mississauga that's qhy everyone comes here. It's so overrated for something that's really basic.笑
This is your standard ramen franchise. If you're looking for a fast, simple ramen bowl in Mississauga then this is your place to go. It is typically busy in the evening. There is a seating sign up list on the door as you walk in. We waited for about 10 minutes for a seat in the small restaurant. They use stools instead of chairs which makes hanging things like purses or jackets difficult. 

Standard ramen menu. Settled on the tonkotsu black which was good. Only came with half an egg instead of the standard full egg that I'm accustomed to in Toronto. Overall, a good bowl of ramen especially for someone new to the cuisine.笑
Ordered the tonkatsu ramen. Nothing out of the ordinary and quite expensive for the received portion. Service was not exactly friendly.笑
Finally a decent ramen place in Mississauga. Note it's not excellent, only decent.

Three of us visited this place last Saturday afternoon. We each ordered separate bowls:
- tonkotsu miso ramen
- tonkotsu ramen
- king of kings ramen (medium spiciness) 

Both tonkotsu ramens were alright in terms of noodles. Broth was a bit too salty. King of kings ramen was the tastiest out of the three choices, with lots of toppings and most flavourful. There were three levels of spiciness to choose from. I've picked the "two peppers" (medium spicy) and I could definitely feel the heat which was enough to make me sweat. The king of kings bowl was large for ladies but the other two were small. Overall it was a bit more expensive than other ramen places in downtown Toronto.

For service and decor, I would only give 2 stars:
1) In terms of decor, there was nothing to write about. Almost food court like tables and chairs.
2) Line ups were long even at 2pm. There was a "self-serve" sign in sheet posted on the wall beside the door. Customers need to write their names and number of people themselves on the sheet when they get there otherwise they would not be placed in sequence. Thank my previous group in line mentioning this to me, or else I would not know. 
3) The wait staffs placed customers in random tables. For example, a group of two would be placed in a four-person table rather than asking a a group of four next in line to sit there. I was asked to sit in a two-person table even though we were a party of three! When I chose not to sit at that tiny table, the wait staff replied in a rather impolite tone to me that I needed to wait longer. It's fine with me waiting longer, but I didn't appreciate that attitude.
4) Air conditioning was barely functioning. It's probably due to the fact that it was an open kitchen. May be they should invest in a few more fans.

It's a good start that ramen joints finally come to Mississauga. I certainly hope Kenzo will improve so I can get my ramen fix without driving far.笑
First time here since it opened, I avoided it before as I heard bad things about it from chef friends. Finally decided to try it out with two of my friends and find it quite alright. Got the tonkotsu ramen, and the noodles were good but soup really wasn't that flavorful. The pork belly was delicious though, and made up for the shortcomings of the soup stock.

I tried out my friend's king of king ramen, and find it on the first level of spiciness it was really bland. The amount of bean sprout just got tiresome to chew after a while.

I'll probably come back to try out their shoyu ramen, which looks quite good.