Good pizza.  It's thing crust with nice crunch.  Normally I'm not a thin crust fan but this was surprisingly good.  The place had a bunch of pool tables which were cool but it limits seating.  Luckily we got seats at the bar.Ǿ
Great variety of pizza.  Great beers on table.  Pool tables everywhere and readily available.  What's not to love?Ǿ
How have I not yet reviewed this place?! So many great memories associated with drinking here, eating pizzas (and I don't like pizzas much), playing pool, watching games, and just great times with so many great people. This is one of those highly subjective reviews where I can't quite give a rational justification of why this place gets 5 stars and not just 4...there's just a feel to this place that makes it such a breeze to have department shindigs, girls nights, pool nights, dates and more, here.Ǿ
Lousy service!
Went here on a Tues. night about 6:20 PM. Sign says: Seat yourself.  Difficult to do when there are no tables available.  When one became available I sat at a booth, but the quickly got up when I got blasted by A/C from above. Stood around waiting for another table, was asked by a server that I was waiting for a table, etc.  Got a booth by the kitchen, very dark.  Hard to get service. Ordered a house salad w/ no cucumbers & no croutons.  Salad came w/ a mountain of cheese.  Menu did not say anything about cheese.  Salad #2 came out with no onions.  I specifically asked for onions.  Trying to flag down my server was difficult. I told her to take it off my bill.  Pizza came, it was ok, but crust was tough. I would have ordered at least 1-2 more beers if the server had been more attentive.Ǿ
One of the best bar/restaurants I've been to in champaign! I live in a tourist filled florida city so bars are a dime a dozen but when I stopped in here, all I could do is wish we had one down south! The pizza is cooked perfect, priced right, and served piping hott! Subs and sandwiches taste just as well, bar is fully stocked with local and national brews and a brilliantly educated staff can make any drink fast and easy, not to mention the games. 6+ professional pool tables and pinball arcade style games as well! All I can tell ya is whenever I'm in town I will stop to catch a ball game or eat some awesome food and drinks!!! 5 stars!Ǿ
Pool tables galore!

Good thin crust pizza's.

Daily drink specials (and the beer is always cheap).

Lots of seating.

Moreso pool hall than sports bar, so not a lot of flat screens around.

Nice waitstaff.

Any questions?Ǿ
This was always one of my favorite bars in downtown Champaign.  The pizza is quite good I think, and had a very unique light crackery crust.  Some of the best thin crust I think I have had.  Bar is nice and roomy, good place to play pool.  The bar could get very crowded on weekends though, nothing aproaching green street bars though.  Nice segueway bar on the transition from "college" bar patrion to normal bar patrion.  Sadly many don't make this transition.Ǿ
Good pizza! Nice, comfy atmosphere! Prices arent bad! Good service!! Convenient location! I like to make my own pizza... Cream sauce, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms and cheese! MmmmmmM!Ǿ
Great F-ing pizza.  That's it, nuff said!Ǿ
Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time,  the bar space is too long and not wide enough. However, if you like pool, these are very good tables.Ǿ
I bought and paid for one beer. I get home and they had charged me 25 dollars. I called them and they told me it was standard to open a tab and the difference would be reimbursed. Would have been nice to know BEFORE they did it. Epic fail on their part, last time I go to that dive.Ǿ
Another institution in downtown Champaign that has been here forever.  The bar area is nice with a few tables and big booths.  There is not a lot of sitting area if you come at peak hours.  So be warned.  Great billiard tables that go the length of this great old building, and people are serious about their pool here.  There is even a patio out back.  The building itself is ancient, and tons of character.

The servers work hard, and are very friendly.  Though can get swamped during peak hours.  Just a couple of decent beers on tap.  Usually an offering from Bells, or Summit, and just recently I noticed Lagunitas.  The pizzas are great.  Crispy, thin crust that is awesome.  The specialty pizzas like Pizza Pesto is great.  Can't go wrong making your own as well.  They come in personal, 14", and 16."  Always a good stop downtown for pizza, beer, and fun.Ǿ
There's pizza has really went down used to be my favorite. .You never know if it's going to be over cooked under cooked there's never any sause  on the pizza .Sad to say the crust is a frozen crust..Service is touch n go also. This place holds lots of potential  but I've never seen anyone walking around checking on folks.Ǿ
Overall, a little pricey but fun for the kids and grown ups. If you sit downstairs, there is an arcade and additional pool tables and large bar area. You can watch the kids in the arcade while you sit and eat and drink. There are several large tvs throughout, with every single sports event you can think of. The pool rates are inexpensive at only $6 per hour. The only sketchy issue I had was that there was a back entrance which led into a room where horse race betting is going on, and it's close to the arcade.Ǿ
Amazing thin crust pizza!  We moved to CA and cannot find anything even close!  Good salty meats and delicious sauce!Ǿ
Just your average sports bar. My girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me. Pretty large venue with plenty of seating. Friendly service. Very college-like.Ǿ
Decent beer selection (no wine selection to speak of).  Typical Champaign-style pizza:  very thin, cracker-like crust. This is not to our taste, but many people seem to like it. Many pool tables, small patio in front.Ǿ
When CU goes smoke free in January I fully expect myself to go to Jupiter's like 100 times a month.  Although I don't really like thin crust pizza, for some reason the Jupiter's topping combinations always hit me just right.  Especially the pizzas with meat on them.  Yes.  Meat Pizza.

I wish there were more seating, so I could bring more massive groups with me.  Jupiter's is an extremely popular departmental happy hour site, and when even 20 of us show up we pretty much fill up all the seating in the entire bar.

Pizza is good, beer is good, not too loud, lots of pool tables, very few skanks!Ǿ
Jupiters is great! Really great thin-crust pizza, (Italia would be proud) awesome sophisticated toppings (my fav is the Prosciutto and Artichoke...YUM!). The only downside for me (hence not 5 stars) is the small number of outside tables, BUT I have always been able to sit outside.
 I reckon it would be cooler if there was more of an outside 'vibe' there, especially being a block out of the way from the other downtown restaurants... I am still a fan.Ǿ
Came in here after a ball game to relax and watch some really good pool players. Man was I surprised by the excellent food and great service! Bartenders are super friendly and serve up awesome drinks at great prices! Love the pizza cant wait to try the sandwiches...will definitely return!Ǿ
Really like the pizza, really like the beer selection, don't love the sitting situation or the pool tables. It's too small to be able to really play. Go to Jupiter's II if you really want to be able to play pool. Come here for some pizza before and after a night of drinking.

To this day it is the only bar my friends have ever been kicked out of for being too loud. It was a Saturday night and we were kicked out of a bar for being too loud.Ǿ
Jupiter's is a great place for any crowd of people. This place is great for kids because they have games they can play in exchange for tickets and then prices. They also have about 8 pool tables where you can enjoy a few games. 

Their pizza is very good. They're famous for their thing sliced pizza. They have an unlimited selection of toppings and sauces. They also run great deals like half price large pizzas on Tuesdays. 

My only complaint about this place is the speed of service. I've been one time when the waiter forgot to put one of our pizzas in, which made us wait even longer for food. But they did make it up by buying our entire table a round of drinks.Ǿ
Was downtown this past weekend, looking to go to Seven Saints, but they had like a 30 min wait so stumbled into this restaurant. I went to the other one back in my college days, but this one I didn't even know existed. Walked in and it's seat yourself tables to the left, a bunch of pool tables to the front, and a long bar in the middle. 

Very limited seating, but it wasn't packed at all so that wasn't a problem. There was a weird draft hitting our table though, so we moved to one deeper in the corner since we thought it was the door, but the draft was there too. We just had to wear our coats throughout dinner.

For 6 people, we ordered 2 large pizzas, one buffalo chicken, and one prosciutto. I didn't care much for the prosciutto, but the buffalo was pretty bomb. Ordered some small ranches (50 cents per though, what a rip) and it was delicious. It's deceptive that they cut their pizzas into smaller squares because you feel like you can eat so much more. We had 6 slices left over and it was about 42-ish dollars with tax and tip. So a large probably feeds 4 people comfortably, 3 uncomfortably.

Weird thing though is when we asked for a box, the waitress asked if we wanted anything else. We said no and assumed she would bring us the check. But didn't and we sat there for like 10 more minutes. Had to grab her attention and then ask for the check. We weren't drinking or anything so I'm not sure why she thought we would want to just hang out. Minor inconvenience though so it's whatever.Ǿ
This place is a nice and just the downtown place where you want to spend a weekday evening for a drink and some nice pizza. The atmosphere is generally good.Ǿ
Food, service, and atmosphere of this place are all a huge draw for me here. Probably the best thin crust pizza in town, and a good drink selection, too. Ambiance is great, and sometimes it is just nice to get away from campus restaurants and bars! I would definitely make a trip to Jupiters the next time I'm in 'paign.Ǿ
I wish I could give less than one star! Charged my card 3 times!! I only signed ONE receipt. DO NOT run a tab there or pay with credit card. The WILL rip you off. Pizza is good but not worth paying triple for it. And service is terrible! No wonder you can't keep anyone's bill straight. You don't even know who is taking care of your table. Rude waitresses and obviously management condones this as they are ok with stealing your money! Not cool at all!Ǿ
I sort of feel like an outcast since the reviews for this place are generally flowering, but I really dislike the pizza.  To each their own I suppose, but quite frankly, it's probably my least favorite pizza around.  

Pizza is way overpriced. A small personal 9" pizza costs about $8, and I equate the taste to that of your microwaveable pizza bites. If you like pizza bites, well heck, then dig in. Their pizza to me is just like saltine crackers with mediocre sauce and stale cheese. Not only that, but food takes forever to come out.

I get drug to this place with co-workers every now and then, and our small 9" pizzas take 45 minutes to come out... That's ridiculous considering a pizza like this should cook in about 6 minutes.... 

On a plus note though, the servers are great and the atmosphere is nice, but ultimately I go out to eat for good food, and Jupiter's does not deliver.Ǿ
Jupiter's is a fun place for families with younger kids, but it's not anything special for adults.  The food isn't spectacular, and the pizza is similar to Monical's thin crust pizza if you're curious what to expect.  There's a BIG arcade room with pool tables and video games, but this area gets PACKED if you go at a popular time of day.  I've only been to Jupiter's once, and I haven't really had the desire to go back.  The service was ok, but the atmosphere and food weren't anything special.  We also had a LONG wait to get a table and food.Ǿ
Pizza is served California Pizza Kitchen-style. Some people play pool during lunch. Don't play pool unless you're at Brother's.Ǿ
Great staff, great beer selection, beyond decent drink specials, Gyro Pizza... done!Ǿ
Tasty Pizza, nice beer selection.  Perfect for watching sports and playing pub games.Ǿ
Amaaazing pizza! The Bianca is totally my jam. I also really appreciate that the kitchen is open til 1am which is later than most places downtown.

They also have drink specials just about every night. It's a fun bar for playing some pool, watching a game, or just hanging out. Service is also solid too!Ǿ
Great bar. Pizza is great, thin crust.  Best Pizza in town IMHO (not a big Papa Dels fan). Beer selection is so-so.Ǿ
Great place!!! Order the salmon pizza!! I'm a foodie from all over the country, so I DEFINITELY needed to be convinced that delicate fish as a pizza topping was a good idea, but I'm SO GLAD I WAS!!! I even drove down from Chicago for a pizza to take back with me once (or twice). Their beers are also awesome--always rotating based on season and locality, which is certainly commendable from a community-support standpoint. Love this place.Ǿ
I'd heard it was the best (thin crust) pizza in town, so I checked it out, and I'd say it lived up to my expectations.

I went with a big group of friends, and we ordered the Special K pizza (sausage, mushrooms, cream sauce, some other stuff... no drugs or cereal though) and the Pizza Bianca (olive oil, artichokes, onions, other vegetables). Both were great, though the Bianca needed the parmesan cheese I added on top for saltiness. 

I'd like to go back and try the plain cheese (after all, that's what I usually get and judge pizza places by), and the smoked salmon pizza just sounds too interesting to pass up!Ǿ
Delicious pizza, fun atmosphere, good beer. Will be back again soon for sure! I recommend the prosciutto di parma pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. YummyyyyǾ
one of my favorite places in downtown champaign. so much to do, so little time. if you wanna play pool, get there early...tables fill up faast. they have a waiting list at the bar, so make sure you get on it. we had to learn that the hard way. no worries, you have a dart board and a couple other arcade games while waiting.

pizzas are solid. hawaiian is my go to. a normal person could easily down two of these bad boys, but i'm quite content with just one.Ǿ
Great place for thin pizza and pool. Tuesday are half off and well worth it!! DO NOT go to the "new" Jupiter's at the Crossing (see my review). Sausage and pepperoni pizza is my favorite here.Ǿ
The pizza was pretty good. I thought it was a little expensive, but it was exotic enough to make up for the slightly inflated price.

So why two stars? Jupiter's has the second-worst service I've ever had, mostly due to the surliest, most hostile waitresses I've ever interacted with. Just awful. I'll never go back.Ǿ
The Pranzo mustard-cream based thin-crust pizza is pretty unique and the reason I keep coming back. Awesome. 

There's always a few decent craft beers on tap, although this is a place where you learn from experience the printed menu tap list usually isn't accurate. :(

The service is always a little hit and miss--it'd be nice if the wait staff knew the beers better and had a better sense of timing (waiting for the check seems normal). But staff are usually friendly. For a place to get a chill dinner downtown, I'm a fan regardless of its shortcomings.Ǿ
Jupiter's was always a favorite when going out.  Great games, lots of pool tables (esp. awesome for those nights when the joint is packed and you really wanna play)!  The music is usually good (maybe more trendy for my tastes, but that doesn't take away from it, obsly).  What does, though, is their service.  Super slow.  It's usually _okay_ (the service that is), but I've had a rude bartender or two!  I suppose that comes with the rush of a fast paced and crowded bar on a Saturday night.

All in all, I wouldn't say Jupiter is extremely outstanding, or extremely poor.  It's just a run of the mill bar in downtown Champaign (though, it could pretty much be places anywhere).  It offers some great entertainment, with some good refreshment (albeit expensive!!), with the option of a thin crust pizza!  Totally a three-starer!Ǿ
If you are looking for that thin crust bar pizza, this is the place for you! I am actually pretty amazed how good the pizza is here! Nice and crispy with very fresh ingredients. The beer list is pretty nice too! The only downside is that the servers can sometimes have an attitude. I have gone multiple times and I have a 70% chance of getting a good server. Thats not too shabby considering it is a billiard bar!Ǿ
I would have given Jupiter's 4 or 5 stars for the pizza. But they probably have the rudest waitress in Champaign. The other Jupiters location is much better as a restaurant. If you want a drink or play pool, then it would get 5/5.Ǿ
There is better pizza to be had, and there are places with better beer selections. There is no place in Champaign-Urbana with a better beer selection that also serves pizza, though, and the pizza is not half bad, if you like your crust cracker-thin and crisp. I like the smoked salmon. 

I was very sad on my recent visit home to find that Bell's no longer distributes in Illinois. That is tragic. You can still get Lindeman's on draft though; I'm not sure you can even get that at the Blind Pig. 

I can't wait to go home again now that C-U is smoke-free. I will be able to enjoy this place at times other than 2 PM when there are actually other humans there.Ǿ
Great pizza and friendly service.  The place is plenty big, so it doesn't get too loud.Ǿ
The service was just okay; our server wasn't the most attentive. The pizza was good, but could've used more toppings.Ǿ
Great ambiance; good, creative thin-crust pizza specialty, and plenty of pool tables, all at good prices.  You can't go wrong with Jupiter's if you're in a pool or pizza kinda mood.Ǿ
I've been here only once as of yet and I loved it!  I love their pizza menu.  The combinations are interesting (or you can make your own) and the crust is very good.  I had a mustard base sauce pizza that was awesome!  I loved it.  Nowhere else could I go for this pizza.  We had three pizzas at the table and I enjoyed all of them very much.  I think the environment is a lot of fun also.  The price is fair.  It's 6.99 for a personal pizza which a good size!  I'm looking forward to coming back!Ǿ
Thank goodness the Blind Pig had no room for us and we were able to make a stop at Jupiters. This is a great stop towards the end of the night. Still one of the best pizza places in town. Great place to play pool. And drinks are quickly refreshed since it doesn't get as crowded as some of the other places.Ǿ
This is the 2nd time I had to post a review of Jupiters. Yelp took it down, though I have no idea why.  I wish we had a Jupiters or equivalent in California. My favorite is their sausage, schroom, bell pepper and onion pizza. They manage to deliver a wonderful, thin crust pizza that's not too greasy, but oh-so-tasty.  I hope Yelp doesn't take this review down this time.Ǿ
I always make a stop here whenever I'm in town. A perfect place to grab a bite with an old friend. I'm particular to the smoked salmon and dill pizza, but back in college I used to show much love to the BBQ chicken as well. Tuesday nights - half price large pizzas! Everything here seems cheap compared to my current location of NYC, but I still love a good deal!Ǿ
worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.Ǿ
Great bar pizza and pool tables! Came here alot since it was in downtown!Ǿ
2 things I love. Good pizza and billiards. And this place has both. Jupiter's is a great place if you want to unwind from a busy week or simply...you need something to get your mind off an exam. Overall, this place gets a 4/5 from me purely because it doesn't have what it takes to get that 5/5 rating but doesn't settle for anything less than a 4/5.Ǿ
The pizzas are tasty, a good offering for a thin-crust style. My favorites are the Preferito and BBQ chicken. I find them to be a tad overpriced, but they get a 4 star review for half-priced Tuesdays. Large pizzas and Miller Lites are 1/2 price, making it one of the best deals in town.Ǿ
Overall a nice hangout spot! Large space with 5-6 pool tables, seating along the walls, and plenty of dining tables. The bartender with the ponytail was very welcoming and friendly when we had a question about the pool tables. A Michael Jackson playlist was playing over the speakers. There was a mix of people in there - college students, family with young children having dinner, older men watching college football at the bar, young adults playing pool. We were here on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend so it wasn't super busy, but I can imagine it getting pretty bustling on Tuesday nights when they have their pizza and pool special. Daily specials seem pretty decent too. Definitely will be coming back!Ǿ
I love Jupiter's pizza. Lots of different excellent combinations available.
Lots of good drinks to be had. (Bell's!)
Lots of pool to be played.

Why not 5 stars? Every time I go the service is horrendous. Absolutely terrible. Not because the server is inherently bad at what he/she does but the place is understaffed and our server was most likely a bit overwhelmed.Ǿ
Ummm.. I have taken like three people here and everybody agrees.. THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.

Make your own pizza.. you won't be disappointed.

It's way better than every place I have tried in both Boston and California.  Oh.. and of course it's cheaper.

They do serve their Manhattans in a regular glass which is funny... but who cares.. as long as it's straight up.. that's the way I like it.  Oh and did I mention they have parking next door and it's down the street from Hyatt Champaign.
-------------------------------------------------------------
I used to go to Jupiter's more but now I frequent other bars.  I think it has pretty good thin crust pizza. Make your own or choose one of their signature pizzas.  They are good for pool and drinks.  Good service though... waitress comes around all the time.

I think people empty out near midnight on the weekends.. so I don't like that so much.Ǿ
This place is great. First, I love their new location because it has an entire basement area with arcade games, mini bowling arenas, and pool tables. It makes it a great restaurant to bring anyone - friends, family, and all ages. 

I have come here different times with different groups of different sizes. Every single time, they were very accomodating, fast, and nice. I once came there having reserved a dinner spot about 2 hours in advance for 30+ people and when we got there they were super prepared!! It was nice having tons of games to play while we were waiting for the food also! 

Although it is pretty awesome, I give this place 4 stars because besides Tuesday nights (which are half price pizza nights!) the place is pretty pricey for thin crust pizza which is not that filling. Furthermore, it is pretty far from campustown, which makes it hard for a college girl to access!Ǿ
A really, really good sit-down pizza place, and so much better than Papa Dels (that's sacrilege in C-U, but it's the truth). The thin-crust pizza is fantastic, and reasonably priced. My girlfriend and I normally order either a pineapple pepperoni or a bacon pepperoni (sometimes half-and-half) and it's fantastic. I also love the atmosphere; I don't play pool, but the building is gorgeous (I'm a sucker for the tin roof) and the place is lively. 

The garlic bread isn't really worth it, and the beer selection is kind of lame (all the domestic Big Three bottles you can drink!), which keeps it from five stars, but I like Jupiter's a lot.Ǿ
I like this place. I have gone multiple times for pizza around dinner and a couple times to play pool later in the evening. Go on tuesdays after 8pm-- half price pizza makes it totally worth it. The Pizza Preferito is one of the best mix of toppings I've ever had, and all the other varieties I've tried have been good too. 

My one complaint is that it wasn't very full when we went-- there was a creepy old guy watching us play pool and it was a bit weird.Ǿ
We had a great time here. The pizza is delicious-so many interesting choices. We loved the smoked salmon pizza and we tried a few beers on tap-very unique choices as well. The bartender was very kind and helpful.Ǿ
Ever since Amandos Pizza on Philo road closed there has been a lack of decent places to go. Last night we thought we'd try Jupiter's. 

The big-screen TVs are prevalent and made watching the game easy. There are plenty of billiards tables in the summer when the students are gone. 

The pizza however was only okay. Thin crust, w a passable amount of toppings but no discernible signature taste or style. We also had a salad which was supposed to be Greek but didn't really measure up (no cucumbers, no onions). 

We'd go back but mostly due to the lack of quality pizza places in town.Ǿ
Jupiter's Pizza is awesome. A place where you can swap your favorite pizza toppings with friends, enjoy your go-to beer on the side, chat with friends, and watch the basketball game on their large TVs. They also have pool tables and arcade games. My favorite night to go is Tuesday because they have half off large pizzas and it's a popular night to go. 

Warning to Chicago-native-deep-dish lovers: these pizzas are thin-crust pizzas and I'm from St. Louis, so we love thin crust pizzas, but this place does not rip you off on toppings. Jupiter's specialty pizzas are great!  There's no need to stress about perfecting your pizzas toppings since they already have specialty pizzas with your already-favorite toppings. If you want to make your own crazy masterpiece, you can customize your pizza with four toppings maximum (meat toppings count as two). More importantly, the price is very reasonable. 

Also this place has a clean, friendly, fun atmosphere. It's definitely one of my favorite places to go in downtown champaign. I recommend every U of I student to check this place out with friends there before graduation .Ǿ
This place is a great place to grab a thin crust pizza with friends. We are regulars, especially at their new location! More seating! You still can't get in on weekend nights -- but that means they'll be around for a while!Ǿ
Came here after a wedding reception, in need of some grub.

We ordered the Pizza Margherita - red sauce, mozzarella & provolone, sliced roma tomatoes, oregano & basil.  It was fairly tasty.  Not destination dining at all, but if you're looking for grub to enjoy with a beer, this will hit the spot.

Despite the chalkboard announcing that large pizzas were $10 after 10 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays, the waitress tried to stick us with the regular price.  She seemed annoyed I brought this up.  Check that bill, people.

It's pretty loud, people are playing pool and I saw a man so drunk in the men's room, he was stumbling and slamming into the walls face-first.  So that's your atmosphere.

I'd go back if I were looking for a late night bite, but there are probably better options out there.Ǿ
Be forewarned. It's cracker crust pizza. My thinking on this is, I'd rather go to the supermarket, buy a box of matzoh, and spread a little sauce and cheese on it than pay big bucks for cracker pizza. But of course, this also sounds like a pretty horrible idea. 

But if you like cracker crust pizza... No, actually, I'm not going to say this is passable for cracker crust pizza. I have no idea what's good about this. 

Oh, doesn't Lunchables do a a pizza lunch? There you go, it's kind of like that.

So, really what I'm saying is, I guess a lot of people like crunchy pizza, but if you're not one of those people, don't bother.Ǿ
This is my favorite thin crust pizza in the area. I've brought numerous friends and family to Jupiter's and everyone seems to love it. The place is almost always empty so the service is pretty quick. Even after an early football game, we get fed pretty quickly. It makes a good lunch spot after church too!Ǿ
If thin crust is your thing, this place is hard to beat. You have a huge selection of sauces and toppings, so go ham if you like. I think I tried tomato, kalamata olives, feta, pesto and chicken when I went. wise choice, it was perfection. However, I think it's pretty hard to go wrong at Jupiter's.

The locale seems driven towards sports fans and the nocturnal crowd, filled with pool tables, an extensive bar and flat screen TVs everywhere. We see families there quite often though, and I'm sure you can order out. If not, possibly pick up?

If you're judging in terms of flavor and thin crust crisp, Jupiter's is the way to go in Champaign.Ǿ
The best pizza in town. If you're going for food, Friday and Saturday can be very slow for service. Also, be aware it us a cracker crust, in case that's not your cup of tea.Ǿ
The decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance. Good beer selection and pizza. Pool tables are some of the best in town. Overall great local place to go.Ǿ
This is a pretty cool place! It's much smaller than the location at the crossing but it does its jobs. They have few TV screens for games and some pool tables as well. I tried the chicken bacon sandwich and it was really good! It comes with a side of chips and I was very satisfied! The waitress was also very attentive. I think it's a fun spot for some late night eats or playing some games with friends!Ǿ
okay, i tend to write about places that i like.  i really like this place.  i was surprised that i hadn't heard much about it before.  i tried the pesto margarita personal size pizza and i loved it.  normally, i like thick crust, but i noticed that i didn't feel like i busted a gut eating this thin crust pizza.  we went in the middle of the day so finding seating wasn't a problem.  maybe it is on busy days?  the service was good, very unintrusive, which was nice.  i could even imagine studying here as a treat to myself.  i didn't drink anything, but clearly they focus on beer and drinks as much as pizza.  and they had some nice christmas stuff up so it didn't feel like a creepy bar.  i will definitely go back and take other people who have never heard of it before!    definitely on my list to recommend to others.Ǿ
Went with kids so we are just checking out their arcade games.
Very basic and not really fun as an adult to play.
Pizza is soso and pricy.Ǿ
I was in town for an event and decided to grab a quick bite. Was happy with the food (pizza, yummy garlic bread and some ginger ale). A month later, was going through my bills to submit them for approvals when realized I did not collect the receipt after the meal. Had no expectation, but decided to give them a call anyway to check if they can find the receipt. And guess what? They said yes - it will take some time to pull up but we can definitely help you. Half an hour later they sent out the information and I was able to submit the receipt. Thank you so much for such an awesome service and good food!Ǿ
A very consistant pool bar with great pizza. My family loved the atmosphere, design, food, and staff. You get exactly what you can expect, that's 5 stars in my book.Ǿ
I feel bad about being so harsh, but I stopped in here last night for some drunk pizza (which is one of my top favorite things in the world), and was sorely disappointed. My friend and I ordered 2 personal pizzas, the Pesto and the Buffalo chicken. The toppings were fine (buffalo chicken was pretty tasty), BUT the crust was terrible. Someone from Brooklyn a few reviews down has it spot on--tasted like a cracker. This not thin crust pizza. Any random pizzeria in NYC would have had infinitely better thin crust than what these pizzas had. This was cardboard crust pizza. I know this ain't exactly NYC, but for a 4-star joint, I had higher hopes. I would have given it 2 stars, but I added an extra one because it was open late night.Ǿ
Great bar with pool, the pool is 6 dollars and average selection of beer. Pizza is good there, thin crust that paper thin with a crisp bite to it. 10 larges on Fridays. Pool tables are in good shape which is nice for a bar. Don't really have to wait to long to get a pool tableǾ
Oh, I am a Lou Malnati's fan all the way - it's extremely difficult for me to find a pizza that stacks up to my Chicago style first love, so I was surprised to find pizza that I adored just as much in Jupiter's.  The original location in downtown Champaign is a lot of fun, complete with a well-stocked bar, a few pool tables, and a CD juke box which all adds to the low-key atmosphere. My hubby and I went there on our first date and have been back many times since then.  It's not a dive bar, it's not super ritzy, it's always clean and to me, being there feels kind of like you've just gone over to your best friend's house to hang out for awhile.  It's never too loud, never too crazy, they have great service and they do a fantastic thin crust pizza.  My personal faves lie in a dead heat between their "margherita" and "fajita" pizza.  Though this isn't the only place to offer these selections, they blow away the competition.  Jup's isn't even in the same class with anyone else, it just is what it is (awesome) and I love that about the place.  They just get it perfect every time.Ǿ
Jupiter's just seems like an average downtown hangout spot. The pizza is good, but the personal pizzas are kind of small and expensive. I'm a fan of putting "unconventional" ingrediants on pizza so the salmon pizza was a nice surprise. The billiards tables are relatively inexpensive, $6/hr when I went on a Thursday night, and I guess it's worth it to stop in here if you are looking to have a few drinks and play pool with your friends. The atmosphere is loud, but pretty relaxed at the same time. The two things I didn't really like about it was the service was slow and they don't usually take reservations. It makes it "hit or miss" when it comes to outings with a large group of friends. Overall, it's a decent spot to spend the night with a few friends if you come with a smaller group.Ǿ
I do commend their varying selection of toppings for their pizza. I had salmon as one of my toppings and either the salmon was bad, or salmon just doesn't mesh well with pizza. Either way, it made the pizza just taste mediocre.Ǿ
As a place to play pool it wouldn't be so bad, but it is crawling with people most evenings, especially weekends, so you'll never get a table.  Some of the tables are pretty old and worn too, with some pretty idiosyncratic pockets.

As a bar, it doesn't really do anything for me, though the pizza is pretty good.Ǿ
Ok, tried out the downtown Jupiters and loved it just as much as Jupiters at the Crossing! Consistently good food & great service. They also have a lot of exotic pizzas (Gyro Pizza was amazeballs). I went with the traditional sausage & pepperoni and loved it!

Great atmosphere, very old school. Tons of room, pooltables, etc. And not too loud for an early Friday pm.Ǿ
I hosted a few friends and their families here. It was a perfect venue that provided a relaxed and laid back environment that was appropriate for all ages. I will definitely bring all my informal get togethers here.Ǿ
Had a fantastic late Saturday evening here.  After 10pm, a large two topping pizza is $10.  This allowed me to get a large smoked salmon pizza for $10.  While it might not sound like a great combination, this pizza was fantastic.  I expected skimpy or shredded salmon, but received fairly large pieces strewn across the pizza generously.  

Drinks weren't expensive, and overall there was a good selection.  A $4.50 Lindeman's Framboise is about $1.50 cheaper than the equivalent size at the Blind Pig, if that gives you an idea of the pricing.  

I can't wait to go again, fantastic pizza and reasonable drinks.Ǿ
First of all, what they call pizza is so thin it might as well be flatbread. Yet if you want super, super thin pizza, it is delicious!! So many delicious options. I think Tuesday nights are half off, so it is so worth it. Second, they let you order "pizza" late night, which is always a good idea. Lastly, has the most pool tables in town that I know of and is always a good time.Ǿ
I like this place. The pizza is good enough; if you're one of those people who loves adventurous toppings on pizzas, this is a good place for that. I stick to the basics, and they do that just fine. But for whatever reason, I just really like the space. Great place to drink some beers and eat pizza.Ǿ
Yes.  You win, Jupiters.  Happy hour special providing me with cheap yet delicious beer?  Check.

Super cheap pizza, making life amazing?  Double check.

Okay, Jupiter's has happy hour specials that are WONDROUS.  I got a magnificent large pizza for only $8.  And it was huuuuge.  How huge?  It was so big I ate  leftovers for lunch, dinner and another lunch during the week.  For eight dollars!

Jupiters, I will sing your praises on the harp, lyre, and xylophone.  Seriously.Ǿ
My wife, son and I went to the Jupiter's on Main Street to watch the 2011 end of season Bears v. Packers game. The server was friendly and efficient. My wife ordered a personal pizza that was very good. My son and I ordered Greek salads. 

If you want a Greek salad comprised of iceberg lettuce, a few olives, and a creamy ranch salad dressing with nothing else, this is the place for you!  We could have done better with the dollar salads at McDonald's....

Great atmosphere for watching a game. Order a beer and some pizza and you'll be set. Don't even look at the salads...Ǿ
Their thin crust pizza is a little pricey for this area, but if you are into quality and taste it is SO worth it!  I recommend the pesto.  I'd skip the house salad, though.  Their lettuce is usually browning, or at least wilting.Ǿ
It's a delicious place to begin or end a bar run in the downtown Champaign area.  They have fantastic pizzas and drinks, with great seating.  It's very spacious and the wait staff is usually very friendly.
I never thought I'd say this, but I love BBQ chicken pizza, and I only have Jupiters to blame.