My wife and I were ready to go to Boston Market when we saw a sign outside this restaurant advertising their "harvest time" special lunch buffet for $7.95 and we succumbed to temptation.  We've always liked Indian food and it had been many months since we've had a meal there at Bombay Grill.

They had fresh naan bread, made in very small batches, and a few cold salads.  Their spicy cucumber salad was good and had a good kick.  Their tomato soup was also quite tasty and I had two cups of it.  

Unfortunately, their rice was dry and not fit to be served (or on the buffet line).  Their tandoori chicken was edible but alas, also quite dry.  The curry chicken was watery and somewhat bland. Their other vegetarian dishes were also somewhat bland in my opinion.

The service was average, not spectacular nor bad.  It will probably be several more months before we return for another meal.Ǿ
I wasn't that impressed.  I haven't actually eaten in the restaurant (only take-out) but for what we paid I expected more.  Not more food, just better quality and taste.  It was fine, and they will probably do well since they're the only Indian place in Fairlawn.  I would rather drive the extra 15 minutes to go to the Saffron Patch though.Ǿ
The service was fast and friendly. My only poor comment is that the appetizers were fairly expensive for the portion size.Ǿ
Home-cooked taste makes this menu stand out. The buffet offers a variety of flavors, textures, colors and temperatures - from salads and sides to entrees and desserts - and truly gives you your money's worth.

I've eaten Indian cuisine in Thailand, New York City, Los Angeles and San Francisco, and one other place in NE Ohio. This fare isn't heavy or over-spiced like in some restaurants - it's the kind of food you can eat everyday without "consequences".

Inviting ambiance, properly authentic without being overdone, the place is clean and friendly. You don't leave smelling of your meal.

It's a good value for what it delivers, though it would be easier to frequent with a lunch option around $6-$7.

Definitely check it out!Ǿ
Wow.  My hub and daughter and I stopped here on a whim after apple picking a few weeks ago.  Delicious!  The Butter Chicken was my fav and the naan was Amazing.  sooo good.  And Then I tried it with all the different sauces.  Magic.  Also magic, before and after eating, my daughter played at the train table the whole time, so Insta-date.  

We went back to try the lunch buffet on Saturday hooooping it was just as good.  And it was.  Even more sauces to try on lots of delicious food.  I went back for more sauce, more of the chicken more of the bread (to die for) and more chickpeas and some kind of pumpkin curry yumminess.....  Oh, and the mango ice cream ahhhh  and a tiny thin crispy fried dough bowl that I put about 5 mixtures of peanuts and green onion? salad?  ( I need to look it up online)  Fresh salty crunchy savory sweet...Party in my mouth.  And I never get drinks, but I got the sweet lassi and ...it has cardamom.  Swoon.   

 I've spent big chucks of my life living in other countries, so when I crave international food, I will driiiiiive if need be...so I can't believe I can just go here instead of the 40 minute trek I've been making.Ǿ
So happy to have this place back up and making great food. The Butter Chicken is even better than I remember. Their new location is near the state rd/bath rd intersection. The staff is appreciative and attentive to every guest. Fresh naan is provided during the buffet, unlike other places that keep a bunch under a heat lamp. I am looking forward to trying their biriyani and vindaloo. I wish these guys nothing but the best. Thinking of this makes me want to go today. Do yourself a favor and give it a chance.Ǿ
Their food is decent.  I've been to the buffet as well and the selection is pretty good and the price is about $10/person.  I would recommend this place.Ǿ
I decided to check out Bombay Grill for lunch buffet and another time for dinner. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about Indian food. We actually got into conversation about street food in India and so on. Some items were decent and some items were at the borderline of being called sub-par. Chicken Makhani and vegetable dishes, Aloo Gobi, Kadai Lamb were good but tandoori and rice were dry. I've been there several times and the food is not very consistent. Overall it was a bit below average experience. On additional note, I'd like to see much more spices used on these dishes. Having been to other Indian restaurants, this place is pale in comparison in term of spicy hot and tangy flavor.Ǿ
So we are working in the Akron area and have trying several restaurants.  Last week we ate at the Saffron Grill,  It was OK but the chicken in the chicken makani had no flavor.  This place was really good!  Probably the best Indian food in the Akron area.  The prices were very goodas well.  We will be returning here often for when we want Indian food.Ǿ
You could give this place a pass. Food is really average and service not great either. The place pales in comparison to other great options available in the area.
I had samosa and pakoda for starters, chicken curry and paneer makhni for main course. The naan was great but rest of the food was very average.Ǿ
Dude. Duude. DUUUUUUDE. So happy to see these guys up and running again. There can never be enough Indian restaurants around. 

When the Fairlawn location closed it's doors, I was disappointed. The food was always good and the owner was always pleasant and welcoming. 

While at an event at Emidio's Banquet Center, I happened to see the bright red "BOMBAY GRILL" letters shining in my rear view. I ditched the event as soon as I was able and found myself enjoying some pakora, Lamb Rogan Josh and an order of naan. 

And it was wonderful. A warm, rich sauce on the Lamb with just a little kick (I was splitting it with my wife and she's not as find of the spice factor--wuss) was delicious. Something I could eat everyday. 

The pakora was fresh and crunchy, everything I could want in an appetizer. We saved some to dip in the LRJ sauce. Fantastic. Then we shared a bowl of rice pudding. It was a nice exclamation point to the meal. 

The place feels new--mostly because it is. It's a big, open space and the sound echoes which is my one complaint. Some heavy fabric or some booths would dampen the sound some. But that's a pretty minor complaint. 

I finished my dinner about 25 minutes ago. I'm still stuffed but I'm already excited to go back.