Only gave this place 1 star because I have to. Horrible service!! We waited almost 30 min before drinks were ordered and they took another 20 min to get there. The order was taken by the assistant manager that looked as though he had never waited tables before. The only reason we stayed as long as we did is bc it was after a funeral visitation it was late and we had children that needed to eat. There were 11 of us and he took a couple of drink orders at a time. Some people ordered ice cream and then we're told 20 minutes later that they were out. We ended up leaving without apologies or acknowledgment that they had screwed up.Ǿ
We ate here several times while we were visiting friends. The staff was always super nice we were seated quickly and the waitress always chatted us up. They were quick with the refills. They happily answered any questions and were very knowledgeable with their menu.
This is the only place I have ever been to that has cinnamon ice cream which is so good. They also are always trying to come up with new menu items. The price is really good. The food was just as we ordered it and very tasty. My only complaint is they are so far from my home.Ǿ
Kings restaurant in homar served me a
Meatloaf and mashed dinner I would not 
feed
to my cat.
Upon returning to our hotel we met another customer from the restaurant who said they sent back a cold hamburger. These guys need to hire some cooks and a new manager.
YuckǾ
Cool place. Must be good, local police eat here!  Biscuit bowl, cheesy hash browns, fruit bowl. Very tasty and very reasonable!!Ǿ
I have read some reviews of Kings giving it a good rating and some giving it a bad rating.  Mine is in the middle because I am not sure which way to go.

We ordered a breakfast sandwich (bacon, egg, and cheese on cinnamon toast) and hash browns as a take-out order for my wife.  The weather was icy, and we were down the street at the Holiday Inn Express.  The meal was ready in time, the service was pleasant at the counter, and the meal was good. So a decent experience so far.  What causes my quandary about the meal?  They left off the bacon, which is a key part of the sandwich.  All else was good, but it missed one ingredient.  We had places to go and so did not go back to deal with the issue.  Next time I will let them know and make sure we have all the parts of the meal.  Perhaps the cook had a brain lapse that morning.  I will try them again based on the majority of the experience.Ǿ
Where do I begin?   Went for breakfast with the family.  We walked in and were told to seat ourselves.   Bad move on their part because we walked through an entire eating area and not one table was cleared off so we had to search out an area that was clean (which was in the farthest place in the restaurant).   We sat down and waited and waited and didn't get a menu or even acknowledged.   Lo and behold a family came in after us and was seated by us and immediately given menus.   I finally had to seek out a waitress.   Once again, it was just a waiting game.  Food was Just ok.  I am sorry to say we won't be going back!