Bad idea. Tried Hibachi Grill Supreme Buffet tonight. I was sucked in by the 2 sided full page color ad. Over 250 items plus sushi and hibachi. Some of it looked too bad to try and all the things I tried (including snails, octopus, frog legs, sushi rolls and hibachi) were AWFUL. The only good things were the salty shrimp and my glass of Coke. Note to self - never eat any buffet again. I think it was all radioactive products that Japan is dumping on America.Ǿ
I was hesitant about trying this buffet because I didn't care for the food from the metro location but I asked the person at the hostess stand and she assured me that this buffet was under a different ownership.

Last week the food was really decent and a few things like the prime beef and the rib eye were surprisingly good. I really couldn't find anything wrong with the food last week with a small exception to the rockfish and was happy that it was decent but thought I needed to wait for a second visit since it's a buffet to do a Yelp review.

I don't know what the problem was last night but almost everything was a fail.

All the sushi had leathery fish, the fish was sort of dried out and like leather so I couldn't eat any because I thought I'd get sick. All the sushi fish was like that.

The rib eye was tasty last week but last night it had no flavor.

 I tried to cut a piece of the one steak with the serrated knife but couldn't cut threw it so I knew I wouldn't be able to eat it. 

So next I tried to eat the prime beef since it also was tasty last week but last night it wasn't the same and I couldn't eat that one either.

The salmon was awful and I never tasted anything like that before, when you tried to eat it the fish turned to paste and liquified in your mouth and it didn't even seem like fish.

I tried to eat the spicy chicken since this one was really good but a little oily last week.
Last night the spicy chicken was even oilier and didn't have the tasty sauce on it but it was spicy.

The chicken sticks were over fried so I couldn't eat them.

I don't know what they did to the chicken with broccoli but when you tried to eat the chicken it turned to a paste (just like the salmon did) and I found that not to my liking to say the very least THE VERY VERY LEAST.

Green beans were oily.

I tried the Hibachi Rice and maybe one or two spoonfuls were ok but then I hit something added that wasn't suppose to be in it and had to remove it from my mouth. I don't know what it was since it didn't even taste like food.

The rock fish was better than last week and tasted OK but I was only able to get a teaspoon's worth since it was just bones and skin left. Last week the rockfish was fishy tasting so I thought I just didn't like rockfish but now I think that one last week wasn't the freshest.

The Mongolian stir fry vegetables were good.

The fruit was good.

The cheese cake was frozen solid.

My husband wanted a refill on his soda and waited and waited and got up to get it himself. Our server had over thirteen tables and the server  from the next station over to her was complaining about not having any tables.

This was really one star to me but I am giving two stars since they are new and maybe were just having an off night or maybe this is just how they are now?Ǿ
Good first time. Then it became less and less fresh. Noodles and most dishes are bland. And even the damn restroom sign is spelled "resteroom"Ǿ
Our first experience was pretty positive except for the price tag but hey, it's all you can eat for dinner, so that seemed worth it. We decided to go back for lunch today since they advertised $6.99/person. Apparently that's everyday BUT Sunday. We had our 2 year old with us and didn't really want to put him back in the car and figure out another plan so we paid the $9.99/person and were seated by the hostess. Our waiter was nice but not really on top of our drinks or clearing plates. The food was bland and most of the the meat had a bunch of gristle and fat. We thought maybe we just needed to try some different things but it was ALL like that. We left feeling pretty cheated money-wise and not at all satisfied that we'd had even a remotely decent lunch. 

All that to say, we won't be going back.Ǿ
Dear Hibachi; please come back! We miss you. Restaurant closed about Feb 7th, 2013. This was the best Hibachi out of all of them here in the Phoenix area. Great food all the way. Excellent selections to choose from. The a/c was cranking good in the hot summers. The wait staff were very attentive and polite. Very spacious. The price was right at 8 bucks a person including drink. I was very saddened to see it close. The management actually cared about you as a customer ; )Ǿ
Good variety of tasty food!  Very clean and great service.Ǿ
Excellent buffet with awesome variety.  I was here on a Tuesday night and it appears they had just opened.  The location looks very new with shiny new plates and silverwares.  The appearance and cleanliness of the place is very good, cause its new I guess.  The dinner buffet was $10.  which is pretty standard for a buffet dinner.  I was however not expecting anything special like oysters or stuff.  

Suprisingly, its like a Pacific buffet, with a sushi bar, fresh oysters, variety of ice cream-green tea even, about 8 stations full of food.  Pacific only has about 5.  But this place have 8 stations full of different varieties.  I like that they have a very good mix of american and chinese american food.  From fried bananas to roast beef to broccoli beef to fried rice to string beans to a full salad bar and a full dessert bar, u name it, they got it. 

But here's the kicker, I really like that they have a very fresh and clean mongolian grill area, where u go over and pick and mix your own plate of noodles and meat and they chef it up for u.  This place has noodles, beef, pork, shrimp, several vegetables and such.  But Their biggest surprise is, they have Ribeye steak.  Yes raw Ribeye steak right there for U to pick and place on your plate for them to stir fry along with your mix.  That was really impressive I thought, such a nice piece of meat that would have suffice as a main course itself at most dinner places, now U can add it to your grill plate and they would cook it any way u want it.

Its very far away from where I live but U can bet I will be looking out for other Hibachi Buffets.  I hear they have one on the I-17 and my buddy who lives in Mesa claims they got a new one opening out where he lives on Alma School and Southern.  I am not sure if they are all the same but U know I will be checking that branch out to confirm is the same chain :)  Meanwhile if U live in Peoria, U lucky Bastard !  Go there and fill yourself up for 10 bucks.   

Oh, one little thing that did not mar my experience enough to give a lower rating, was there seems to be too many staff or maybe its cause they just opened, they were hanging around in groups and chatting and disappearing in groups to the back area to laugh and joke.  They were making a little too much noise and having a little too much fun, and not refilling my ice tea fast enough !  But, the manager came around a couple times to check on everybody, and that does help keep them on their toes a little bit.Ǿ
I went here for the Grand Opening and enjoyed my
dining experience then. Since then, however, it seems
to have fallen in quality a few notches. One thing 
about this place is that it's huge - you could hold
a Star Trek convention here. Put a little random food
coloring on everything and call it Klingon cuisine.
But I wasn't feeling it the last time I went. Both my
dining companion and I felt that the drinks were a bit
funny-tasting for starters. Flat. Blech. 
  They have ribeye steaks you can get cooked for you on
the grill. That's a plus. A lot of the same things that
Pacific Seafood Buffet has - escargot, frog legs, sushi.
I didn't dare touch the sushi though - the coloring looked
very OFF. It looked like somebody made pieces of fish out
of playdoh or something. Something about the colors looked
very wrong. When I see something like that, my food poisoning
radar goes off and I won't go near it. Perhaps they just 
colored some inferior fish species and got the coloring 
wrong - I dunno. It just didn't look right. 
  I enjoyed the regular Chinese dishes - beef brocolli, egg
rolls, chow mein, pizza (didn't Marco Polo bring that to
China?), pot stickers, etc.
  For dessert I usually get the green tea ice cream. This
last time I decided to try the cheesecake. It was still 
frozen! WTF! Why even bring it out if the damn thing is still
solid frozen!! At least let it thaw a bit before bringing it
out for people to dig into! After this last experience I'm 
not sure if I would go back to this place...Ǿ
Okay so went I first went here the place was great. But it was around its grand opening so buffets are usually pretty great in the start. But from past experiences I've seen buffets go down quite fast. I was right. The second time I came which was about 3 months after the grand opening service was bad and food quality already started decreasing but overall it was still pretty good. Its been awhile since then but after today's visit I will not be coming again. All the entrees were tasteless. Sushi was dry. The hibachi grill guy was horrible. Fruits looked like they came right out of the can and sat there for days. To top it off something I never noticed was that the restroom sign said, "RESTEROOM." This buffet has officially crashed and is now 1 star.Ǿ
Horrible service cold food. I had to ask for more water and the guy just gave me a heads up and then he finally brought me  some water 5 min later. I asked him if he saw me he just ignored me, I asked him and two other people to speak to a manager, the hostess said the manager was on vacation. They had to lower their prices because the quality got so bad, and now their service matches the food. Not recommended at allǾ
Had my first frog legs there, yummy. A lot of selection, slight skimp on quality. Was confused a little in regards to using the coupon I got in the paper as they didn't apply it toward the overall cost, but gave me cash.Ǿ
CLOSED as of today for uncleanliness
Is it bad I still want to go back?

I really hope I don't lose all credibility with this one but I really enjoyed my time here! I hadn't been to a buffet since old country as a kid with my grandparents and this place blew me away. For 7 of us it was $4 a person avg for food (including tip!) with the help of a restaurant.com $2 gift card for $25 worth of food. I enjoyed orange chicken, sushi, fruit, mystery fish, and ice cream. I wanted to try the hibachi portion but it just looked too sketchy. One person said it was the best $4 meal they ever had and I would say I have to agree! I gave stars as though I paid the new $6 lunch buffet price, which would have been much less exciting but still an interesting place worth checking out.Ǿ
Not a great selection. Salad section had brown lettuce as well as the hibachi grill. The gentleman over cooked  the meat and seemed like he just slopped it over. The sushi section was not a big deal; rice was lumpy and overcooked; it was also a bad rice to nigiri ratio. Will not return.Ǿ
So far, this location is better than the other two on the westside (Metrocenter & Maryvale).  It has more than five vegetables that are not fried nor breaded which I like. The Hibachi Chicken is yumm-m-m.  You have a choice of fried fish or steamed fish.  I like the watermelon and cantaloupe, that's another plus.  The sushi could use some improvement, they all look like they have the same ingredients and made in different styles so I rather not eat none.  The bbq cook need not overwater the vegetables and protein so much.  There are other choices, some are very good and some needs improvement.  I'm a lacto/ovo/pescetarian & occasionally eat chicken.  Summer prices are down, $5.99 lunch, $7.99 dinner with another 20% discount between 2-4pm including Seniors (anytime).  Hopefully, we will see some improvement after I post and mention the reviews to the owner/manager whom I talk to on occasions.Ǿ
My friends invited me to this place on a Friday night. My first impression with this place is that dinner was only $8.99, much cheaper than other places that I tried, which were usually above $20. I was a little worried that the food would be terrible. However, it is actually pretty good, not excellent but very fair for the price.
Some hot menu that I really like are:
 - Hot crawfish: small, not very spicy, not bad at all;
 - Snail: big, sweet, and fresh;
 - Frog legs: crunch and tasty.
The waiter did not actively collect our dirty dishes on the table. But that's not a big problem to me. Overall, I enjoyed the food there. It is not the best, but for less than $10 for dinner, you cannot find a better buffet place.Ǿ
This might be the first Chinese buffet that had fried rice available that wasn't bright yellow and full of huge chunks of onion.  Also they have a spicy chicken that most other buffets seem to have gotten away from.  The real star of the buffet though (besides the neon sign above the entrance to the bathroom that reads "resteroom") is the Hibachi grill.  Nice fresh vegetables and a good assortment of meats, good teriyaki and garlic sauce, and a nice talkative guy behind the glass making it all for you!  Hooray!Ǿ
THIS SUPER BUFFET just made my favorite Chinese buffet anywhere list.The selection was bigger than any other buffet in Arizona and the food was great. Everything I ate was prepared and presented with care and that is something you should see at all buffets but do not.The service was fast and friendly and the decor was OK ,not as nice as 75th ave and Thomas location. So if your looking for a good Chinese buffet try this one because it is the best !!!!Ǿ
I went there today with my kids.  We were a little late for lunch , so we paid dinner price.  This place is clean clean clean!  Brand new!  As for the food,  it was okay .   They had many selections like sushi,steaks,egg roll,  fish and all the other stuff you can find in a regular buffet . Taste was okay , nothing great.  Bottom line,  too expensive for me,   we were charged 35 bucks ,including taxes and  soda.     The kids probably ate 5 bucks worth of food.Ǿ
This place is very huge and was one of the cleaner buffets that I have been to.  They had plenty of selections but alot of it was just repetitive.  This buffet was nothing special and I will not be returning.

We only tried it out because it was $7.99 for adults and $3.99 for children under six years old.  Plus, my brother really hyped this place up.

Price does not include beverage which is an additional $1.59.  Water is free.  This is a special promotion going on so prices are subject to change.

None of the food really hit the spot but the one highlight for me was they had plenty of fruit ( Fresh Fruit ) and plenty of desserts.  These two areas combined were probably half of the entire buffet ( Seriously ).  They had one small salad bar ( Too small ) but enough to make a decent salad.

Too many people trying to get food at the same time.  The place is too big.  Too many kids running around.  There needs to be an ordering way to getting food.  

For Example:  Line Starts Here.

Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet does not live up to the hype.Ǿ
This is the 3rd time I have bee to this buffet. The first time was the week it opened, the second was about a month ago, and the 3rd was tonight. It seems to be getting worse every time I go. This time the staff got us the correct drinks, and they were on top of it, but they sat us right next to the staff break room area and I had to listen to the wait staff talking the entire time. The last time I went they kept giving me diet soda even after I told them 3 times diet soda makes me sick and I need a regular cola. The food has gotten worse every time I come. I think the only thing I finished was my egg drop soup. The chicken, was mostly all fat. I must have tried 4 different types and they were all the same. I did pick up two onions rings, which I know you should not eat American food it is a Chinese food buffet but I thought I would try them and they were rock hard. The chow mein noodles I got was under cooked with no flavor at all. They had some calamari tonight that was also hard as a rock. There sushi is good if you like a lot of veggies in your rolls, which I do. There desert is kind of hit or miss. Some items are good, I had some cheese cake tonight that was really good, but some items are not. I picked up what looked to be a rice kripes treat but I could not tell you what it was because it was so hard I could not bite down. They have the traditional fruit in the desert area, grapes, oranges, and bananas in a strawberry sauce.  They have  ice cream as well which I have never tried, because they can not seem to label it correctly. When I can clearly see that the white ice cream is marked as mint and the brown ice cream is marked as green tea I tend to stay away. For some reason I will never understand people like this place, my husband is one of them. To me it is not worth the $10 for dinner even on a weeknight price tag.Ǿ
I went to the Hibachi Grill for a meeting, and was amazed at the size of the place.  It seems to take up the entire space that was a Jungle Jim's playland years ago.  The food variety was excellent, the dishes I tried were good, and I did not even make it to the area where they grill your food to your tastes or to the desserts.  

Our group was in the party room at the back of the restaurant, and we received excellent service.  The wait staff was very attentive, and removed our used items quickly and refilled drinks promptly as well.  When we asked if we could have the music turned down a bit, it was taken care of immediately.

All in all, I felt this was a good restaurant and I'll go back with my family.Ǿ
Do not be fooled by the name - all of these Hibachi Grill & Supreme Boofay's popping up around town are under different ownership, with quite different recipes coming from the kitchens.

this location claims to be the largest in the valley, but it must mean sq. footage or something, because the selection was lacking. There seemed to be a ton of food trays, it's just that nothing very good was in them.  A lot of repetetive dishes, a lot of starchy  filler-uppers. 

Way too much non-chinese food.  If i wanted hot dogs, kelbasa, chicken nuggets, etc i'd go to Old Timers boofay, not a China Boofay.

Everything in the place seems to have an oily sheen from it's time spent cooking in the deep fryer, since this seems to be the only way anything is prepared.

The entry way is impressive looking, and if you're not really paying much attention, you may get beguiled by the flashy lights and clanking knives of the live sushi and hibachi chefs, but do not be fooled.

This is ameri-chino fare at it's most mediocre, and not worth the price they charge.Ǿ
Horrible service. Bad food. Plenty of other buffet places to go to.Ǿ
We go here about once a month. They have a nice selection of food including sushi and the Hibatchi grill. Bad things are it costs extra for crab legs and the bathrooms are gross! See the picture I added.Ǿ
Let me start off by saying we read the reviews about this restaurant before we went and honestly if it wasn't for the special  anniversary dinnner for my in-laws that we were attending there we would not have even tried it. But since we HAD to go this is our review;

We decided to go in with an open mind and not let the reviews we read tarnish our opinon of the place and let the food do the talking. When we walked in the decor is beautiful and there is a tropical waterfall and pond with gold fish swimming in it. Our spirits were lifted as we now had hopes of a delcious meal. We were severely let down and disappointed. We have been to several asian buffets and this one is by far the worst we have ever been to.

We were a large group of about 30 people and we were in their large "party room". 

Service: Not good.
They had only 1-2 wait staff that did not understand much English and it took forever to get drinks refilled and our used plates picked up. They would come in about every 30 minutes to pick up the dirty plates and would not refill drinks until after ALL the plates were picked up.

Food: Not good.
They did have a number of different things to chose from but most of it did not taste good. We kept trying different things hoping to find something edible for the $10 a person we paid (plus the cost of our drinks) but we didn't. As a matter of fact my wife became sick and one other person did not feel good after eating their food. 

They have a number of different flavors of frozen ice cream in a freezer like the kind Baskin Robins uses so you have to reach in and dip your own ice cream out. So now you have 100's of different hands reaching in to get their ice cream. I LOVE ice cream but there was NO WAY I was going to eat it after all the kids and people reaching in there to dish out their ice cream. They use only one ice cream scoop for all of the different ice creams and no one was washing their hands. Thats just nasty and unsafe!! 

For people allergic to tree nuts it is dangerous to be using the same scoop for all ice creams since some ice creams have nuts in them. Plus we heard from others in our group that were brave enough to try the ice cream that it was hard as a rock and almost impossible to scoop out. 

Some of our group were noting even eating or not eating much and planned on going somewhere else to eat dinner after the party.

Cleanliness: Good.
We were satisfied with the cleanliness of the restaurant but not enough to make us go back for food we won't eat.Ǿ
Barf. Vomit. Puke. Yes im describing the food and what i had to do after eating here. Do I need to say more?Ǿ
My wife and I came over here for Saturday lunch buffet.  First of all, the place is HUGE!  A bit different here, because we paid up front and were quickly taken to a booth and our drinks brought out.  $15 for both of us, very reasonable.

Second thing we noticed was how spotlessly clean the place appeared to be, which is always a good sign.

So we hit the buffet, which was quite extensive and had a great selection, so we tried a little bit of everything.  some of it was really good, some of it was ok, and some of it was not so good.

On the "really really good" side:  Stuffed mushrooms, salmon, orange chicken, hot and sour soup, wonton soup, crab cakes.

"So-so": beef brocolli, egg-drop soup, sushi,octopus, coconut shrimp.

"Not so good"; Eggrolls (wet and chewy), teriyaki chicken (too sweet!), grilled white fish (no flavor) and stuffed shrimp (funky and unidentifiable flavor).

The deserts were pretty good too.  Great selection of fresh fruit to choose from.

Overall, we liked the place and will make it part of our normal circle of restaurants.Ǿ
I've always enjoyed this location, but when I went here this past Saturday, the place was shut down! There was a letter posted on the door saying that the tenants hadn't paid their rent and the locks had been changed. So I guess this location is closed until further notice? I guess the bright side was that they were closed down for not paying the bills rather than a health code violation...Ǿ
Pretty good overall, lots of different choices of food. I was excited about the Hibachi I was thinking flaming onion volcanoes and whatnot, but it's just a grill they heat stuff up for you on which is still nice. Happy to have a good buffet nearby.