Looks good but flavor is lacking in every dish , mom is Korean and she rated it 1star, my Fiance loves our Bulgogi much better . This isn't a good spot to take someone who hasn't had Korean food before , if you do they may not try Korean cuisine again :-/笑
There are other authentic korean places around town but the options are slim- so this is a good place to get your fix when you need that kim chi soup. Its located inside the Super G Mart grocery store. They close fairly early for dinner so make sure you go before they close and check their times.笑
Great authentic Korean food for a decent price! I come here often when I shop and I usually stop by in the back of the store for lunch. They also have an Asian bakery in the back that's pretty good too, although they only take cash, but the restaurant takes card and cash. If you're in the area and need to do some grocery shopping and want some food while you're at it, stop by here!笑
Let me start by saying that I lived in Seoul for 6 years so I know what Korean food is supposed to taste like. Perhaps this also makes me a harsh critic. Either way, after hearing so many good things about this place I was hopeful that Charlotte finally had itself a legit Korean spot ( I found Pepero just alright, though the family that runs it is WONDERFUL!). Well what a total let down.

What I tried: Jaeyukbokum (spicy pork), naengmyeon ( cold buckwheat noodle soup ) and yukgyejang ("spicy" beef and veg noodle soup with egg) 

The verdict: Everything, with the exception of the yukgyejang, had the right flavors just not enough of them. The broth of the naengmyeon seemed watered down, and the jaeyuk wasn't spicy nor very flavorful (and this is usually my favorite korean dish). The yukgyejang didn't taste much at all like what its name would suggest. It was very brothy and not very spicy and was 90% green onions. Very strange. And everyone around me seemed to have ordered the bulgogi and it looked terribly dry and not very appetizing.

What I dig: The reasonable prices (Hence the 2 stars instead of 1)

The downers: Bland Korean food, only 2 side dishes and the bibimbap doesn't come with a soup ( unheard of in Korea). Also, as many other reviewers have touched on, the girl that worked at the counter seemed to hate that she was working let alone that she had to talk to anyone.

Finally, Fleece and I have very similar views on this establishment however where we disagree is that I think this is a decent place to take those that have never had Korean food before. Maybe as a way to expose kids to international/spicy food. This is Korean food with training wheels.笑
My not so secret spot to get authentic Korean food (minus the Thousand Island dressing on the side salad). 

Can't go wrong with the Bulgogi or the Galbi. I have yet I try the Bibimbap but it looks delicious. They also have plenty of soup options big enough for two. Kimchi and other fermented vegetables are pre-packaged and ready to be taken home.笑
from l.a. so my palates a little spoiled when it comes to korean food.  food here does not taste traditional.  it's very bland.笑
There has to have been a change in ownership. Although it was never the best Korean food in town, it is easily the worst now. The price is the only thing it has going for it being cheaper than its competition. But the horrible service, the nasty food, the cleanliness of lack there of in their kitchen as well as the eating area all are the reasons behind it. The food is bland and almost inedible. Not true to Korean food in the least. 


horrible Korean food. Just horrible food in general.笑
CUSTOMER SERVICE - If you can't speak Korean than just say the number BECAUSE their is a chance the worker might write your order wrong than the this young KOREAN LADY, who like one of the owner, will GIVE YOU CAN ATTITUDE AND BE MEAN for the worker's mistake.

THE STORY - I order my food saying BOTH the name and the number.  I got my order and one of the dishes was NOT what I order. I told the worker that I wanted #4 & not #8.  Than (s)he asked, "Do you want #4 the pork bulgogi because we also have the beef bulgogi?" When I realized that there was beef bulgogi, I told him/her that I wanted beef instead of pork.  That's when the owner (young Korean lady in athletic clothes) gave me an attitude. The worker put in the wrong order than I decided I wanted beef bulgogi instead of pork bulgogi (and no the pork bulgogi wasn't prepared yet at all); so she's annoyed that she lost $8.99.  The entire time I was just thinking why she is mean to me because the mistake was NOT MY FAULT and I just spent a lot of money on your overpriced food (more than $50 on 3 dishes and 6 bowls of rice).  After she yelled at me, I didn't say anything. So, we stood there for like 5 seconds in silence and I think I silently said, "Okay???"  After that she walked off.  Whew!  I'm debating if I ever want to buy anything from there again because of this incident.

FOOD - It's alright. I've eaten here many time but never really actually love the food.笑
This place is great. It is totally tucked away in the Super G mart on Independence Boulevard and would be easy to miss. We only found it after stopping by the steamed bun place next door (Honey Buns?).

Bulgogi is one of my all time favorite foods. This restaurant serves it up just the way I like it for less than other local places. 

There isn't much by way of ambiance but the food tastes great and is definitely affordable.笑
Discovered this gem of a Korean restaurant inside the Super G Mart. The prices are reasonable and the food is excellent. I had the Bulgogi which was full of flavor. I will be back.笑
Really enjoy this place when I come grocery shopping. The amount of food given is-- a lot. I find that if I don't visit often I begin to crave this food! My favorite part of the bulgogi hotpot is definitely the mushrooms笑
Been stopping by here for a while now. I find it extremely strange that I enter a supermarket just to go eat there without buying anything... I really like the food that much. My meal of choice is the Bulgogi! I ask for it spicy so they add some extra flare to it. It comes with rice and a small salad. Fills me up and I haven't been disappointed once yet.

Don't feel werid if you go to the Super G Mart just to eat here. I do!笑
Went cheap.  When this place first opened, we loved it.  My favorite dish was the Kalbi and they would give a lot of side dishes with it.  Now they only give one side dish of Kimchi and a lot less meat.  For price of around $17, which is about the same as a regular Korean restaurant, they are much pricier but give you a lot less.笑
Hispanic cooks, owner has a bad attitude.  Combined the white people like it.  The Asians not much.  The Chinese buns next door are so much better.笑
This is my favorite Korean restaurant!! All the dishes are delicious and always make me happy. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and they always have a big smile on their faces! I think that's why everything tastes extra delicious!!!笑
I grew up in California where Korean BBQ is in abundance. I was actually just driving by and had to stop. I know some people will say why would I go to a restaurant and cook the food myself but I recommend it!! If you get 2 orders of meat you can BBQ yourself. Get the bulgogi and the galbi. And make sure you wrap it in lettuce with rice and kimchee. Good food and good service - the table actually has a button you can press for faster service.笑
Even though I live 45 minutes away, I keep coming back here to get Galbi. Always delicious, alway tender! I give them 5 stars this time because it became one of my favorite place to get Korean food.

I've tried their Bibimbap and loved too, but I always go for second with Galbi.

Their kimchi is delicious and I'm sure they made it themselves too! They also have extra sides they sell at the counter so I'll make sure to grab kimchi whenever I pay a visit again.

Seriously, I just wished I lived closer.

The people there are very nice too. Oh, you get free water in a styrofoam cup if you eat in. That's always a plus! They take cash and credit.笑
You most likely won't run into this hole in the wall unless you are looking for it. It is hidden gem in the city offering authentic food at a low price. It is just hard to get to.

Read more at: http://eatitcharlotte.com/2016/09/09/korean-restaurant/笑
This place is amazing! I live only 5-7 minutes away and stop by here to order some foods whenever I'm craving for some good Korean foods or going grocery shopping within the mart. I love their bibimbap and jajjangmyeon there! It's so delicious!

Sometimes, I know that it can get a little bit crowded and busy there but I still come to order! I don't mind waiting but then there's time where they would forget to give me a side of kimchi, pickle radish or even some gochujang sauce. That's not a big deal but especially when you're in a rush to get somewhere it could be frustrating.笑
Copied my review from Super G over here as well as I didn't realize there was a separate listing for this restaurant.  It's that good so I need to repeat it. :)

I have been shopping here for a while and love the grocery side.  But I love even more the restaurants all along the side of this grocery store.  There's a bakery and 2 restaurants with delicious offerings.

The bakery, the items there are light, fresh and tasty.  I take advantage of their buy 5 and get 1 free deal.  

The Hong Kong restaurant, their soups are delicious.  Their Thai tea is outstanding and seriously addicted to it.  Their buns are fluffy and stuffed with great fillings.

But my all time favorite has to be the Korean restaurant.  I have had their spicy beef cabbage soup which lives up to it's name, SPICY but can't stop eating.  (get extra thai tea if you get this dish!)  Their bulgogi is flavorful and tender.  Their black bean noodle is really good.  The bimibap hot dish, the star of the place.  And even all their side dishes they offer in the deli case in front of the restaurant is delish.  I love their chives kimchi, cabbage kimchi and fish cakes etc.  And no I don't work there nor do I know anyone there. It's just that tasty and good.

Oh and their portions...HUGE.笑
The food is good, I like bibimpop and the seafood soup. But they are raising price for food that us almost as expensive as in the restaurant笑
I love this place! We live about 45 minutes from here, but we stop by atleast once a month for grocery shopping anyway. I get the spicy bulgogi and the regular bulgogi for my kids to share. It is always on point. The staff are super friendly too. They know us pretty well as we used to stop by more often when I was pregnant. 

Recently, we had some family come up and decided to stop in before they left. The girl at the cash register came up as we were eating and asked if she could hold our 9 month old baby. I was okay with it.. being Filipino, this is normal for me. I actually appreciated it so I could actually eat and didn't have to rush. 

I also love their seasoned squid they sell at the cash register. Definitely my favorite korean place.笑
Omg if you haven't been here then you are  seriously missing out on one of Charlottes best hidden gems. It is located inside of the big international grocery store in the shopping center. The dumplings are my favorite, absolutely amazing. The only authentic Korean place I have found in Charlotte and its price point is perfect to boot! Highly recommend for your next Korean fix笑
Good inexpensive kimchi!  I love kimchi and this is the real deal! Delicious.  I haven't gotten anything else from the shop and ordered my kimchi to go, so I can't speak much for the in house dining.

The restaurant is inside of Super G, near Honey Buns.  There is a credit card minimum for purchase, so bring cash in case.笑
Loved the spicy shredded raddish. Great to go with group and order family style. Since it's in the back of Super G Mart you have the opportunity to stroll the isles and pick up some unique veggies or meat on the way out.笑
If you want good Korean food at a very affordable price, try this place out....portions are HUGE!  I've been to other Korean restaurants in the area and no matter where you go, the food is good....Korean Restaurant's advantage is that their food is half the cost.
It is tucked away at the back right-hand corner of G-mart on Independence.  
Kimchi is good and made fresh.  I've had several dishes here but my favorite is the jap chae (glass noodle w/ beef and rice).笑
Review for GMart: 

Great selection of fresh vegetable and seafood.  They also have sake and korean rice笑
I was introduced to this place a couple months ago and have been blown away ever since. This restaurant is a hidden gem. Probably because you have to go into a supermarket to find it. They have the best bulgogi and jambong. The kimchi is also great. Definitely authentic Korean food here. If you love Korean food you will love this place.笑
I come here several times a week to get their bibimbap. Considering that this is one of the only two Korean restaurants in the Charlotte area, we don't have much choice if you're really craving Korean food. 
This little Korean place is in the back of super g mart and just a warning, it smells fishy. You get over it though.
I've only gotten their bibimbap hotpot and their ddeokbokki from here but both are really delicious. Bibimbap comes with a side of kimchi. No other banchan.
The employees here are always really nice as well.
Overall I recommend this place to anyone looking for Korean, or pepero which is 10 min down the road.笑
Visited today with my daughter and her colleagues, one of whom is from Korea (which was quite handy explaining traditions and recipes).  I ordered the Golbi which was tasty and filling (loved the kimchee).  A variety of entrées were ordered by our group so I was able to sample different offerings, which were well-prepared.

I thought the eating area, however, was not clean for dining as tables were not scrubbed between diners--just don't look too close at the mars on the wall, and the floor that needs a mopping, as well.  I also felt they're service was slow, but I'm nitpicking.  Overall, a good experience.  With their commitment to Korean-specific food, they have a great niche with lots of headroom for improvement.笑
The food is great and the price is decent compared to other Korean place.

The reason I gave a 3 star is bc the cashier is super rude!!! I asked for a bag for my Togo counter food, and she was like I only have 2 hand u know. I was like I know, and I asked u for a bag when u done taking my money not at this second. 

And I wanted rice hotpot, she gave me hotpot soup. So I took it back and ask her to correct my order. She insisted it's my fault. And was like we are very busy, so next time make sure what number u wanted to order. How much ruder can she be? 

I would go back to take out only!