Usually they are great when I go in and order, but whoever made my order for pick up missed a whole spot on my salad because they knocked the edge of tortilla over and was too lazy to put it back up.

 Plus because pick up orders are already closed, covered and in a bag by the time u get there it seems they make them about 1/4 smaller and take less care because they think you won't find out until you get home anyways.

Lesson: don't call ahead,and make them do their job by having them make it in from of you

EDIT:  Called and spoke with Brenda the manager, she was very helpful and professional. I will still go in but will not call ahead in the future.笑
Food poisoning. That's all I have to say. I will never eat at this location or any other location ever again. I have a total taste aversion from this place. I got food poisoning 3 different times here. 
The first time I didn't realize it was food poisoning. I thought I had a bug of some sort. I gave this place another go thinking it was just a one time thing but nope. Sick. Again.
The third time was partially my fault because I shouldn't have given them my business again but I was in the area and really wanted some nachos. Now I know better. Stay away from this place.笑
Do not call head they freget about your order. But food is go. But service suck I got there order was not field and wait 1:45 to fill it. I should of got in line it would of been faster. Next time I will go to the one on Sahara. That never happen to me at that location.笑
Not a big menu, food is very good with big portions.   I ordered there salad with chicken and shredded pork combo it was amazing.  Will come back again, staff was great management was on point.笑
Food was very good and more than plenty. The employees were very friendly and helpful. Find it on west lake mead just pass buffalo and the Golden Arches.笑
The menu is not huge but what they offer is great. If I have had homemade tortillas before, I can't remember, but these flour tortillas are the bomb!  I love their salad and order the Fire Grilled Chicken meat to go in it. It is so fresh and the house vinaigrette is superb and adds so much flavor to an already tasty salad. By the time I hit the bottom of the bowl and get to the delicious flour tortilla, it's just the icing on the cake.

My husband gets the Pork Barbacoa burrito, enchilada style, and it is so jammed packed with meat and rice and other savory items. He loves it. And if we go for a late lunch, we don't eat dinner because the food is so filling.笑
The good: Pork Quesdilla, chips and the Salsa. 
The bad: Crappy Velveeta Cheese dip masquerading as Queso.

Definitely better than Chipotle.The quesadilla was amazing, and so big I gave half to my boyfriend. The chips were nice and fresh, and the salsa, while being REALLY watery, was flavorful. The queso though.. Meh. This is actually crappy Velveeta Cheesy dip with some salsa thrown in. It's not with $5. Just get the chips and salsa. It's cheaper and tastes better. The hot sauce they gave me barely counted as mild, but they do have a nice selection of hot sauces by the drink dispenser, so I can forgive that. 

The workers were nice, and quick about getting  my food out. However, I did notice them completely ignore a young woman who was trying to tell them they were out of ice. Just stood there and chattered away in spanish totally oblivious to everyone around them.笑
First, the staff is amazingly guest friendly. They do it with a sincerity and genuinely want you to enjoy yourself. Aces in my book , you don't show an interest in the people who come to eat at your restaurant they won't be coming long. 

I had the salmon tacos- simply brilliant! Love a good fish taco. They have the usual table set up where you can pick and choose what you want on them- oh yeah! I also had chips salsa and guacamole . Enough chips to share. If only they served beer or a margarita to go with. Oh well can not have everything. 

Open food prep and kitchen area means one thing to me cleanliness is next to everything you do. This place is orderly and crisp. 

First time here won't be the last. Why did I wait so long to find this little gem笑
I usually like Cafe Rio...but this location kind of turned me off. It's dirty. Especially outside and I like to eat outside. Because it's dirty, there are flies and gnats all over. It's gross...and they are everywhere.笑
I was so happy cafe rio was in summerlin. First day I go there with my son and the girls for my order all wrong. Kids quesadilla and a salad but ok first week opening I figured they are new but the one girl who finishes the orders before the cashier has the worst attitude ever!!!!!! I love the food so I come again a few weeks later. Same girl same stink attitude!! Cashier was rude too. So I love the food but I'll never come here again.笑
We decided we wanted an easy and quick meal tonight, so we ordered online from Cafe Rio, since it is not even a mile away from our place. We get the food back home, and my Chicken quesadilla was made with beef or pork, not chicken. We call them to tell them, they say we can come in and get a new one. Pack up all of our other food, hoping it stays warm while we have to drive back to get the new one. This whole process took almost an hour. An hour to get dinner from a place up the block. It took less time to get fondue the other night! What was supposed to be a nice and easy dinner turned into a complete mess. By the time we got back home my husbands burrito had to be warmed up again and our queso had melted through the container it was in. At this point we weren't even that hungry anymore. Sure, they gave us a free soda and a free item next time we come in (which is more than Cappriotti's did when they screwed up and were giving out free food to everyone but us just because their register wasn't working) but dinner was ruined at this point. This is the second place this week to give us kind of crappy service, and like the 5th place within the past couple months to mess things up. I think we are done eating out for awhile. On the plus side, the queso was delish!笑
Holy crap this place is awful. This can't be what southern Texas food rio grande área food taste like. Horrible plating, sweet chili pork is god awful and I won't ever go back to any Cafe Rio.  So I sit and eat in the restaurant. The tv is playing the most boring videos ever. Farms and veggies, on the screen. The music was as bad as it gets. Definitely wasn't southern Texas music.   This place is a scam on Mexican food.  Smh. Never again笑
Just a tip, if you drop a customers food on you don't proceed to continue making the item & get annoyed when i tell you i saw my food on your clothing make me a new one. really?! won't be back to this location. love cafe rio in general though!笑
Stopped in for the grilled chicken enchiladas. Blech. 

All I could taste after only finishing half the order was SALT! You know, the kind of taste in your mouth that won't go away.

The enchiladas were so heavily sauced, I guess I should have asked them to hold back on the sauce, but this being my first time to Cafe Rio on Lake Mead I decided to eat the dish the way they prepared it for others. The chicken was super dry even with all the added medium sauce they smothered it in. The combination of beans, rice, and sauce all created this big runny blob of salt-laden goo.

I have to give the staff compliments for being so efficient and friendly. They deserve 4 stars for that.笑
This review is for THIS Cafe Rio.
I LOVE Cafe Rio, so when they opened one close to me I was so excited that I went opening day!

There was something different about their tortillas....they tasted....stale. They were a bit stingy with the meat. 

Came here several more times in hopes they would become like the henderson and centennial ones I love. 

I watched several times how they make their tortillas, they cook them early on and pull them from a bag instead of serving fresh. They are beyond STINGY with the meat. I asked for extra meat (which you have to pay for) and they legit gave me only 2 TBS more!

DISAPPOINTED!笑
This one female worker had multiple large hickeys on her neck, and it looked very unprofessional. It seemed a bit chaotic, and I feel like this location lacked management and supervision.笑
I was sooo happy when I found out they were opening right around the corner from me.  We order at work from Café Rio all the time.  The tortillas and the creamy Cilantro Vinaigrette my oh my are the two best things along with that sweet savory pork.  
Great location, although sometimes a little too crowded but they move fairly fast.
Will go back over and over and over again!笑
This is the best Cafe Rio ever. The staff is what makes this place a true 5+ stars. Tonight right at closing where most places are like "fuck really" these guys were so happy to assist us. Even though I knew a little of what I wanted they let me sample almost everything and did it with a smile. Then as we are about to finish the meal they were kind enough to give us a free desesert. Amazing absolutely amazing staff. Especially the new employee George. George is gonna be the best staff member you guys have. Give him praise and a raise.笑
Cafe Rio is one if my fav tex mex places to eat. 
This location was a little lackluster. It was  dirty/ messy inside.
A lot of the tables had old food on them and the drinks area had tons of ice and spilled liquids everywhere.
The staff was nice and quickly got the orders processed. The girl that took my order let me try the new green sauce which was actually pretty good, so I ordered a side of it. 
My food was still good as usual. I ordered a chicken quesadilla that was huge! Chunks of white meat chicken, cheese, and home made tortilla! I always order chips & queso. The queso is always piping hot as well as chips. Their chips are always light, thin and crispy. 
I had the limeade, and added additional lime syrup at the drinks station. Just the right tartness and sweetness. The mint really sets the drink off as well.
I will def be back, but very unlikely to come back to this location.笑
Great food! The service is decent as well. I seriously could eat there everyday!笑
Cafe Rio greater than Chipotle

That's really all you need to know right? In the battle for the best burrito place in Vegas Cafe Rio is the big cheese- and that's because they actually have QUESO. Creamy, delicious, liquid cheese will fix just about any problem a restaurant has. Here is a short guide to Cafe Rio

1. Get a burrito- yes they have other things, the other things are not as good as the burrito.

2. Sauce spicyness +1 - the sauces are all extremely mild so whatever level of spice you would usually get you probably want to kick it up a notch

3. Enchilada style- this is where they douse your burrito in sauce and cheese before toasting it. Essential. 

4. Acceptable meats in order: pork, steak... thats it. They have shrimp and chicken but they are nowhere near as good so best to avoid

5. Chips and Queso- this ties the meal together. The chips are actually pretty decent and while the queso isn't white (the holy grail of cheese dips is white queso with jalapenos) it is still by far the best option in town. 


A negative reviewer laments that they put guac outside the burrito... well if you ask them to put it inside they do, not sure Cafe Rio should be punished for people not knowing how to order food.笑
These places are everywhere. Overpriced fast food with a catchy name. Go to Taco Bell and keep your money. The food is so-so. Nothing remarkable, I can't name one thing that is worth mentioning. The lines are long and the workers looked bored with Americans asking questions about the menu.

The two stars go to the lady making the fresh tortillas. But, nothing else. Don't waste your time or money.笑
food is wet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i loved mexican but what the fuck.. it took 25 mins to actually make a salad and it tasted like soup by the time I actually got my salad the meat was cold as hell..笑
I've never had Cafe Rio before and I was looking forward to finally trying it out after hearing great things about it. I excitedly made my way from my car to the front of the store, and once I had opened the door I was disappointed. It was empty, the food laid out looked gross and old.  No one greeted me out of the 6 or so people that were there... I had to wait and stand there a few minutes before someone came to help me. I ordered a salad with salmon... hoping the food tasted better than it looked. I was disappointed. I will never be back again. I'd rather have Chipotle or Zabas. Don't waste your money.笑
First and last visit. While ordering I asked 3 times for rice and beans on the taco and they kept saying it was later down the line. Ok? So they skipped the sauces I had to ask that they go back and put on the sauces I'd already asked for. They were very rude. She got mad that I wanted tomatillo sauce and apparently put it on the outside of my taco. They asked if I wanted pico de gallo and when I said no they wrapped it up. Had to make them unwrap it to put on cilantro and Cojita. I asked again about the rice and beans on the taco and they put it on the side. When I sat down to eat it my taco was complete mush and full of stems. By far the worst taco and experience I've ever had. Will not be back.笑
Never coming back here again, I ordered online so that I could avoid the line, I get there and the order is not ready, says its going to be 15 min, I agree to it, 25 min go by and I asked if it was gonna take any longer...they had not even started on my order. I do not mind being patient and understand if its busy, but lying to my face about taking care of my order in a timely manner and not doing anything is just bad.笑
Food is good but service is terrible, we are party of two and we get only one napkin cuz they don't have to many, only a few left, really?, they prepare the food the way they wanted no the way I want like the guacamole outside the burrito not inside like I want, plus they cover the outside with guacamole, bad experience笑
It gets busy so I come in early. But then sometimes the door is still locked because they forgot to open it.  They're still prepping, which is fine with me. Love the shredded beef tacos and their fresco salsa.  Wish the salsa was more consistent..sometimes it's hot - sometimes it's not.  I prefer it hot but I just want consistency.  

The windows have lots of kids greasy hand marks. The tables and chairs often have chips and "stuff". They're cleaning the place better but the closing crew needs to do a better job. 

The staff is nice. I'll keep coming back as long as the food is good and I get "free" food with their loyalty program :-)笑
Fresh tortillas is the only thing I like about this place. They're like wannabe Chipotle but the serving size is less than half and twice the price.  Their burritos are literally 2 tablespoons of rice and two tablespoons of beans with a real small amount of meat. If u add a little more rice =$1.00, add sour cream=$1.00, if u do steak Add'l $1.50, even for the single taco! Geez! So greedy! Went accidentally to eat during lunch hour, busy..... So I thought they're all in a rush so they only give a tiny amount of food... 3 days after I thought I'd give it another chance so I went on a dead hour and really!!! Same amount of serving. Never had a burrito before that didn't fill me up... It's like eating a taco amount! I'm not exaggerating. The only thing that will fill u is their tortilla because its all dough your eating! Just hate that everything is $1.00 extra!  I guess this is not the chipotle or Baja fresh standards, They're suppose to be different in a very expensive way.笑
Disgruntled staff. Normally I love cafe rio, but this team is unmotivated and miserable. They aren't happy to be there, and even more unhappy that I showed up to order a burrito.

Back when they first opened, I was excited to finally have a cafe rio near my house. And now I'm so sad, because the employees ruin the experience with their attitude.笑
In reality I wanted to give this place LESS than  zero stars but I, unfortunately, couldn't do that. Here is why. At about 4:15 P.M. on Feb. 10, 2016 my wife and I walked into this location to have dinner. We were the ONLY patrons there. Little did we know that we'd be entering a perfect storm of incompetence, unsanitary conditions and multiple health code violations. My wife ordered first, requesting a salad. She wanted the shredded beef on the salad. The employee behind the counter servicing the guests tells my wife they haven't got any of the beef at that time but if she wants to wait, there will be some more in about 10 minutes. WHAT?? Once again, we're the only people, except for employees, there. Why is the beef empty? How do you run out of food? Why don't the employees fill the food areas before the customers arrive? Good questions. Certainly there was no dinner rush.There were six (6) employees just standing around including an older man wearing a red shirt who I assume was the manager in charge. All we got were shrugs when we asked these questions. Finally, after waiting for the beef to arrive, this employee proceeds to make the salad. Because the tongs from one of the food areas was missing, he decides to use one of the tongs from a corresponding area thus creating the possibility of cross contamination. This happens more than once in his preparation of my wife's meal. Chipotle had their e-coli scare. This Cafe Rio is an e-coli outbreak waiting to happen. There were many more violations but I only have limited space here to write in. After paying, and not receiving a receipt, we sat down to eat. Lo and behold the person who took our money, who was not wearing gloves (an African American woman with protruding teeth) decides to leave the register area and puts her hands in one of the prepared food trays and grabs something to eat from there. What?? What am I seeing?? She handles the dirty money and then grabs some food, without gloves, putting other people's health at risk. I ask for the manager so I can relate what I've seen and am told that there is no one who's available to speak to me (another violation, if true). At that point, leaving most of our food behind, my wife and I decided to leave. This experience led me to write this review so others will see it and not frequent this Cafe Rio location. I know my wife and I will never go there again. I only wish the SNHD (Southern Nevada health District) had been there. This place would have been closed down.笑
Not as busy as their other locations and their military discount is awesome. The whole staff is always smiling and enthusiastic. And they are never stingy with the portion.笑
Food is delicious but their practice of charging extra money for extra dressing is disappointing. I typically get a salad, but I don't get the shell, I don't get beans, and I get half the amount of meat. No pico, sour cream or guac. either. All I ask for is some extra dressing, and they want to charge me extra. That is simply ridiculous considering all the other things I don't get on my salad. Bad customer service.笑
Service is horrible. Order pick up and they waited to clear their lines before making mine. I watched two full lines get serviced before I got my two salads. Not coming back. Chipotles up the street.笑
We were craving burritos, so we ordered online. Got there at the time said to pick it up and the food was all ready to go! No complaints. Easy peasy lemon squeezy.笑
Good food! Love getting the tostada with the pork! Very tasty! Also like the horchata! Healthy options and very fresh tasting! The dressings are very good as well and the medium salsa is the best!!笑
Apparently, they are cracking down on portions. I noticed right away when the chicken went in the pan. I totally understand controlling costs and for a long time, this location had been overdoing it. That said, this is an overcompensation that feels like a slap in the face! Do the math, increase your prices or negotiate better deals with your suppliers. But never, never serve a product that does not satisfy you customer. I've had bad experiences here before, (mostly due to service, which has improved), but this is the first time the meal was unsatisfactory. Hope it gets better.笑
Usually love cafe too but this location isn't clean. While they were making my salad they had to change out one of the containers that hold the food. The water that keeps the food warm on the inside of their warming table dripped onto my food when they were changing things out. GROSS! I told the guy at the register and he told me that it's just water and my food should be fine. YUCK! Not happy! They didn't add the lime and when they put the lid on my food the lettuce and tortilla was all hanging out...  Never going back to this location...笑
Service is good and the place is clean

It's a shame chained restaurants generally get less favorable reviews than their inferior mom & pop counterparts笑
I LOVE Cafe Rio.  We were regulars at the Centennial store.  Very excited when the Lake Mead store opened because it's right next to my office.  

OK - the bad part.  This store has never gotten up to par.  I've gone to pick up to-go food on my way home from work (5:15-ish) multiple times and they have been completely out of chicken, completely out of steak, etc.  Today, we called in a to-go order for lunch at 11:35.  We were told to pick up the order at 12:10 but that most likely it would be ready earlier.  My son arrived at noon and had to wait until 12:30 for the food.  They had not even started on it when he got there.  Mind you it was a simple order, 1 order of nachos, 1 burrito and 2 soups.  Not a big order at all.  When I spoke with the manager, she said they were busy.  Didn't apologize or anything.  When we got the order home, they had forgotten to put the tortilla strips in with the soup.  Had we gone and waited in line, we would have had our order in minutes rather than an hour after it had been placed.  

There's just no reason for this store to be so unorganized and mismanaged.  Another interesting aspect is if you call corporate to complain, they always have voicemail and never return calls.  Must be getting too many complaints.笑
This Cafe Rio is by far the worst one here in Las Vegas. One serving of chicken ANYWHERE else is 3x the amount they give here. I watched the worker actually take some back from my bowl. The rice is always a gamble. Either you get the regular rice or there's a chance the cook will dump an entire container of salt. I always order a shredded chicken salad, regular portions, and they always give the bigger lid. This place, however, can easily place the smaller lid on. Overall, just avoid this Cafe Rio specifically. The only reason I'm okay with giving this place a one-star is because they gave us a free salad because of their screwup.笑
This location needs to work on cleanliness and prep. Scraping the barrel to get queso and didn't give me the full amount, out of chips-waiting for them while my queso gets cold. Customer service is poor. Girl didn't even apologize for being out of stuff. NOT HAPPY! Food area was dirty with lots of cross contamination. SAD.笑
The service is terrible. They don't listen to your order and they charge for every single side of salsa. My friend ordered a taco and got a burrito. She didn't say anything because it's the lunch rush and we had waited long enough. $1.00 for a side of pico that I wanted on top of the tacos. Another $1.00 for a side of enchilada sauce. $6.99 meal ended up to be almost $9.00! Go thing Taco Bell is in the same parking lot.笑
I've been going to Cafe Rio restaurants for almost 10 years and this is by far the worst location.  Their service is terrible, employees barely know how to make a burrito, food is constantly old, under portioned, they won't cook grilled chicken 2 hours before closing.  I reported this location to Cafe Rio corporate, hopefully they do something about it.笑
I've bounced through a dozen or so Mexican places looking for the same good authentic-style stuff I grew up with in San Diego. Cafe Rio now has my once-a-week "Mexican-fix" business. I'd have popped them 5 stars if the staff were just a bit more consistent. But, having owned a restaurant myself I understand the challenges. Overall... I am amazed at the great-tasting food from a chain (usually you only get this at a mom-n-pop)...笑
Josue the manager appears to be fully incompetent.  He completely confused my order with the person behind me then took like five tries to clarify with him that I only ordered a salad.  I decide to give him a pass thinking he may of had a bad day and don't make any comments at the time.  This is after the new girl makes the skimpiest salad I've ever had here...  still I sit down without making any complaints yet.  Then I find out my tortilla is mostly raw...  I go up and ask for a manager, only to find out that the manager is the guy who originally couldn't get my order straight.  I show him my receipt and explain the tortilla was severely undercooked and parts of it looked like raw dough.  He them tells me that next time I am in to order my tortilla "well done"  umm I've never had to give specific instructions as if I am ordering a steak simply for a tortilla.  I had to ask him again to be sure he didn't offer to replace my meal or anything and reiterates that next time I should order my tortilla well done clearly saying he is going to do nothing in light of my issues.  I walk out shaking my head thinking that my tortilla should be thoroughly cooked without me having to make a special request that it be cooked properly and threw my receipt away to not come back again.  Now I am at home wondering if I should gag myself to barf this stomach ache out, thanks cafe Rio for the zero star waste of money stomach ache...笑
Soooo excited about Cafe Rio having coconut shrimp everyday! I've been coming to either this location or the one on Sahara 4 times a week for a coconut shrimp salad. I came here today to get a little bowl of heaven and after standing in line for 20 minutes I was told by the manager they aren't allowed to make a coconut shrimp salad. ONLY the tacos are permitted. I told her they had been up charging me for the shrimp and I'd be more then happy to comply. She said no then yelled next. I was pretty ruffled by this experience because my past ones have been pretty decent. I guess I'll be sticking to the Sahara location even though it's a ways from my house.笑
First time having Cafe Rio... When I walked in I was excited, it looked like some real Mexican food, making fresh tortillas in front of you etc... However, the enchiladas were not as good as the ones I make at home, so for like $13 (with my soda) I did not think it was worth the price at all.笑
Steak burrito, enchilada style was excellent!
I got mine with the cilantro rice, black beans, steak, and hot sauce.
Even though I got their hottest hot sauce it didn't seem spicy at all.
They put the enchilada sauce and cheese on top then send it through a little conveyor belt oven that toasts the top beautifully!
A little lettuce and pico on the side... yummy!笑
Cafe rio been here plenty of times and I just love it. Better than Chipotle or rubios ect.. I always get a salad never disappointed maybe one day I'll venture off and get something else but the salad is to good to give up.  But yesterday I came in and wanted steak they had none left and I had to wait about 15 minutes for some when talking about good customer service they didn't charge for my double meat on both salads!!! Gave me a free drink and extra stamps on the frequency card and continually apologized they made me feel important i would give that 5 stars alone. I'll be back soon.笑
This is one of my favorite places to eat and this location has gone downhill since it first opened. As a teacher, this is a quick place to pickup lunch. It is terrible when the order is made incorrectly (which is more often than not) and I don't have time to go back and change it. This used to be a great location. From the incorrect orders and forgetting dressings in pick-up orders to the remnants of plastic bags found in the food and the rude employees, I'm very disappointed! Get it together!笑
Kinda grossed out tonight normally love this place but the expo tonight was wearing gloves then Used cleaning product to wipe down the counter still with her gloves on and when a guy and his daughter ordered there food she wiped her hands with the dirty rag and made there quesadillas and tacos!! Super gross gloves are meant to be worn and once you touch chemicals or a dirty rag you should change them before going back to touch the food. This is stuff you should already know when working in a restaurant aren't you required to have a health card !!! Because this is a question on there! Management needs to have a talk with there staff about health because if someone were to get sick it could be bad. And to top it all off when I got home to eat my burrito the meat (Asada) was burnt. I won't be back here for a while. Disappointed..笑
Worst Cafe Rio!! Terrible service and not that great of food. Never coming back here. The service is terrible and ran by a bunch of high school kids that don't care one bit. They burnt my sons quesadilla and then made us wait forever to finish our order while the staff was goofing off with other employees.笑
I'm so glad that there is a new location by this area!  Cafe rio is a great Mexican restaurant at a pretty reasonable price. This is not an authentic Mexican restaurant but the food is still delicious. They are well known for their sweet pork and their enchilada style burrito. I would recommend to try the salad or the burrito although you won't be disappointed with anything you order here笑
Disappointed!  Mismanaged. Understaffed and tables, soda station, floors, restrooms filthy.  Staff present during my visit did their best to keep up but to no avail.  Sodas, teas etc.. Running out. Phone rang off the hook!!笑
We almost didn't go due to a couple of bad reviews but decided to check it out for ourselves. Glad we did. Greeted with a friendly smile by girl doing clean up. Waited on by friendly server who made our orders neatly and promptly. The other folks behind counter quickly responded to our special requests with a smile. We ordered nachos and the whole crew broke out in a short rendition of 'Nacho Man'. Fun, friendly,  clean atmosphere.  Very good food, just like the CR on Centennial. Looks like this location has cleaned up their act.  Perhaps those who wrote the bad reviews will give them another try after all and rescind them.笑
This location is getting better. Since I was in this area I stopped to pick up a grilled chicken salad and chicken taco meal. The line was much more organized and stocked. I would suggest asking for 2 cups of dressing because they are half the size here as other locations. Also if you don't like the tortilla underneath the salad as is it gets soggy, ask for it on the side.笑
This location has horrible customer service, portions are a lot smaller. I ordered a coconut flan and the lady didn't bother to cut my strawberries and did not put whip cream on my flan. Centennial location has way better customer service and actually cares about their customers.笑
We ordered three entrees for pick up. 
Two of the three entrees were wrong. 
Chicken tacos instead of pork tacos. 
Guacamole on my daughters pork salad when we asked for no guacamole. 
I am unhappy. I'm home now and am stuck with it. 
Btw - the receipt has the correct order.笑
This location is a disaster ! Employees are always in a bad mood and have no customer service . I ordered food online for pick up to make it easy , not to mention I was picking up since I had to drive back to work . I got there and my order had not been done and they made me wait an additional 30 minutes. Management sucks and need better training.. Try learning from other locations.笑
They are not open until 11pm on Friday. Wasted my time when I could've made it to another location that was actually open at 11pm. Thanks for false advertisement!笑
Sucks!!!! Food is tastelessness to the core.... Go to Taco Bell around the corner!! My friend and I stood on a stupid line like a jail cafeteria and the menu was just not clear... I just felt like I was going to be stripped searched... The best part was the drink bar!!! If someone is treating me and insisted on going i would consider going.... But would suggest something else first.... I hope they go out of business and a good restaurant takes its place!!!笑
This location is ok... they take way longer than other locals. Pork barbacoa is still super bomb though. My fave restaurant to get burritos and quesadillas at! The tortilla soup is good too! And the chips and queso笑
I eat between 6-7 times per day during the week.  Eating the same meals daily is easy for me, but every once in a while I need a change from my boring chicken breast or lean ground beef. Café Rio is just one of the options I have when I'm looking for something good, cheap, and clean.  This Café Rio is conveniently located by one of my offices and it's never busy.  A typical order for me is 2-3 servings of their fire grilled chicken with nothing.  The serving size is really depends on their employees.  Some scoop a lot, some don't.  It really doesn't matter to me just as long as I'm getting about 10 oz. of meat.  You can really taste the quality of the chicken when it's prepped as plain as can be.  The chicken is pretty good and beats my chicken breast in a taste test any day.  

TIP:  Café Rio is also known for their huge burritos and bowls.

2017 Yelp Review #65笑
Never had a bad experience here,  have gone plenty of times. Staff is always friendly,  service is always fast. Their chicken is amazing & the quesadillas are the bomb. They do offer a stamp card,  where you get a free item after 10 visits.笑
On June 15th, I put in a catering order, for pick up at 10:30 on June 22nd. On the 21st, I called to see if I could change my pick up time to 10:00.  I was told I didn't have an order. I emailed the copy of my order their catering department had sent me and life went on, my arrangement at that time was to pick up between 10-10:30. I walked in at 10:15 and was greeted by a woman waving me away saying, "10 more minutes! 10 more minutes!"  I told her I didn't have 10 more minutes. Another person stepped forward, explained I was picking up a catering order and helped me. I asked her to make sure everything was there, she assured me she had double checked and showed me where things were. She helped me load my car and was quite pleasant. Not everything was there. No sour cream, no guacamole. A taco bar with neither sour cream nor guacamole. I paid for it, I was told it was there...it just wasn't. I emailed the same email address I had sent my order to without response. Disappointing. The food was delicious, but their inability to communicate leaves much to be desired.笑
Had a 2 for 1 coupon so I got two giant burritos for like ~$8.50. What a deal! Tortilla was delicious and crispy, pork barbacoa was yummy. Had a sweet flavor to it which added to the taste. Maybe a little expensive if I did not have a coupon for the delicious food I got for my money, I am super happy!笑
Someone please compliment the person who made the house ranch sauce today!!! It's more than perfect with my grilled chicken salad! Good job guys!笑
I have never been nickeled and dimed more than I just was...   You should be able to switch out sour cream for guacamole without being charged and to be charged for extra dressing too... Forget it.  Then they forgot to add my taco to the order.  Since I needed everything on one receipt for reimbursement I asked for my receipt to be cancelled out then have the taco added.  There was no one behind me and the cashier refused!  I love Cafe Rio normally - especially the location by my house but this one... Never again!笑
This review isn't for the food, it is for the service. The food at Cafe Rios is pretty standard. We all have our favorites, etc.

Today, I was at Cafe Rio picking up a quick dinner. The first server who made my tacos was very pleasant, asked me about my day, and took my order correctly. The second server who added my lettuce, etc. was where the service fell short. 

I am allergic to avocado. It's a strange allergy, and it is one that I take a chance on every time I eat a Mexican restaurant and almost every other restaurant. I liken it to the peanuts allergy. You can look ahead and see if it is in something. 

I ordered sour cream on the side, but some guacamole had fallen into the sour cream dish, and the server had scooped that into the sour cream container. I asked him to redo it that the guacamole could not touch the sour cream. He obliged but not without a sigh.  

When I got up to the register to pay, my side of sour cream was missing. The cashier asked this same waiter to do a thing of sour cream again. She brings one over with guacamole in the container with sour cream. I said I could not have that in my sour cream. The server, again, mixed the two together. The cashier did not seem to understand my point until I made a point that I needed a new container. I finally got a new container, but it was uncalled for.

The lack of service, respect, and the sighs regarding someone's allergy is disrespectful. Moreover, even if I was not allergic, this was just rude behavior.笑
Cafe Rio is one of my favorite place(s)
The workers all have a happy face
Get your butt into that line
Look up and you'll see some fresh limes
Check out the menu is has a lot of food
All of which is super good
I always order the fire grilled chicken (salad)
The reason why is cuz it's bitchen
Fresh tortilla, tender chicken, salad, and some beans
That meal right there is fit for a Queen
I top it with some creamy cilantro
And always ask them for extra que-eso

Ok, this is a new Cafe Rio and it's semi close to my house. I legit love it, and will carb out on their fresh tortillas any day! I'm loyal to the fire grilled chicken salad (+1$ for grilled chicken) it's topped with your choice of beans and rice, chicken, salad, tortilla strips, queso, and cilantro with a side of guac. I get it sans pico though. 

All of the items on the menu are delicious, their steak is never over cook, nor is the fire grilled chicken. Most of them items can be ordered "wet" but I never opt for that.

They have a variety of drinks including horchata, jamaica, and mint teas as well as the fountain drinks.

I really like the customer service here, the workers are all super nice even when gringas make a big deal over not having green sauce ready THAT MINUTE. Lort forbid they had to wait 3 minutes. HMPF.

Anywho, I got some bogo coupons (Rare!) so I def utilized them!!

I love you CR!

Yay!笑
Close to work and always a busy location but why is everyone always working hard and friendly. Even during the lunch rush everyone is so polite and considerate. Martin usually helps me here when I pick up my order and he makes u feel like you're at a 5 star restaurant. Food is amazing and always fresh. They even review your order with you before you leave. Come here almost daily for lunch. Much better than other locations.笑
Really good Mexican fast food. Always fresh and tasty. I substitute corn for the flour tortilla to avoid gluten. Their horchata is good too, but if you get there late you may miss it. They give military discount too!笑
This review is based on my last two lunch experiences here. The food is great. Consistency is on spot here. The problem is the time it takes. They need more staff or more efficiency. For a "fast serve" restaurant it shouldn't ever take this long!!!笑
Cafe Rio is the bomb. They are the best Mexican food chain in the vegas area. Quality ingredients and everything unbelievably tasty. Service always good at every one I've been to in vegas. Good price. All around highly recommended.笑
This Cafe Rio location is giving this amazing chain a horrible rep!! I've been frequenting Cafe Rios for years, starting with the original in Utah...but today's experience left me never wanting to return. Disorganization, long wait, and sub par flavor!! I just wanted a chicken soup...35 mins in line watching several employees running around, stumbling over each other, asking each other questions they can't answer and I finally have my soup that is cold and lacking it's usual flavor. What gives??? Hopefully the Cafe Rio powers that be will get smart soon and help this floundering joint!!! HELP!!!笑
Just stopped here. Website says they are open till 11 and doors were locked at 10:14. I been to this location several times and keep telling myself to stop because of them being out of items. They also don't keep the area clean where all the meat, sauces, lettuce, etc... is kept. Staff has always been nice but noticed they wear their uniforms sloppy.笑
I usually love Cafe Rio but this location is a disaster. The people who work there are unfriendly and rude! 
If you ask for any type of alteration in the order you are met with terrible attitude from the staff. 
The food is the worst I've had at any Cafe Rio location. Management doesn't seem to care as this location has been this way since it opened and has only gotten worse. 
I'm sorry Cafe Rio but I will no longer be patronizing this location. Attitude, wet lettuce and a salad that could pass for soup for the price of $9 is just a little steep for my taste.笑
I mean it's Cafe Rio, so it's pretty good. But it's kinda irritating when the workers are more interested in flirting with each other than finishing my order. And then as soon as my order came off the conveyor belt, they all disappeared. One employee had to go get the cashier out also. Very rude.笑
I love this location - the service is excellent.  The quality is great.  I love the pulled chicken quesadilla with extra quacamole.  Yummy!笑
Whole group of workers all so busy goofing off that your orders will be messed up!  Chairs stacked up outside so close to the door that's it's difficult to get in. Stingy portions compared to other Cafe Rios. 
Will think twice before returning!笑
I'll give it two stars because the food wasn't totally terrible. I love Cafe Rio but this is the last time I eat at this one. The employees all seemed incapable of putting beans, rice and cheese in a tortilla. Now I've never worked in this particular industry but even I know that ain't rocket science. Too bad because it was close to my house.笑
Food is fantastic but the place has serious issues when it comes to ordering for pick up.

Called in a lunch order for the office... put on hold for 7 minutes. Placed the order for pick up at 11:05 and was told it would be ready to pick up at 11:30. Show up at 11:30 and they have not even started the order!!

Waited around with multiple other people who had also ordered for pick up who had the same issue. Some of them just ended up walking out because the wait was so long. Manager says they are understaffed but no real apology. Most places would at least offer a free drink for the inconvenience.

Didn't get out of there until 11:55. Food was delicious as always but placing a simple order over the phone for pick up and how unorganized  they are is ridiculous.  Total chaos inside this place and they really need some organization skills when it comes to go orders over the phone.

Food makes up for it though if you pay attention to making sure the order is right.笑
I'd never been to a Cafe Rio before, so I went here with a couple of friends last month, and wow!  I'm definitely a fan!  I love Mexican to start with, but I really enjoyed eating here.  The vibe is cool, too - love the colorfully painted chairs/tables.  Since this location is further from where I live, I'll likely not be back to this one unless I happen to play a gig in this part of town, but I'll definitely be back to Cafe Rio!笑
Menu is like Chipotle-pick your meat, pick your style (i.e. taco, burrito, etc), except this place is waaay overpriced for average food. Seriously bland. Paid extra for a lump of guacamole the size of an M&M. Staff was friendly but I won't be back.笑
their service is not great  at all...completely forgot what i asked for & made my meal the way they remembered....which was wrong. i see from other reviews that this is not a first instance. probably the worst cafe rio in the city. 2 stars bc cafe  rio's food is always great in general.笑
Ah, it's OK.

Apparently this new Café Rio took over what used to be a bead store (yes, a store with bead buying galore), and now it's one of the most frequented lunch spots in that area.  Located right behind McDonald's it certainly is in the hubbub of patrons.

But come on, it's Café Rio.  It's basically the same as the other ones around town, and a competitor to that other build your own burrito/taco/bowl/salad place Chipotle.  Coincidentally, right down the street on Lake Mead near In N Out Burger is a Chipotle.  So it comes down to personal preference.  And if you're looking really hard, pricing and soft drinks.

I'll admit, they make a darn fine salad.  If you make it right, it's like a burrito that internally combusted.  It's huge!  And probably my go to from now on at Café Rio.  A salad starts with a warm tortilla on the bottom of the tray.  Then it is topped with your choice of meat (I go roast beef or pork), beans (I go black (but I sometimes go back (to pinto))), and cilantro rice.  Then you get a healthy (I go heavy) portion of romaine lettuce, and any of their other sauces/salsas.  I opt for some corn, pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream, and a small scoop of guacamole.  Then top that bad boy with some fried tortilla strips!  I also choose the creamy cilantro dressing to go with my salad.  A bottle of hot sauce later, I'm in good eats land!

But this salad will set you back a hefty $8 -9 depending on your choice of meat.  Not the cheapest option for a meal considering it doesn't come with a drink.  But does Café Rio have some good drinks!  Not only is Coca-Cola product served, you also get your choice of some Mexican classics!  Horchata can be had to your refill hearts content.  So, a basic meal with a drink will cost you roughly $10 - 11.  Not the most value, but if you play it well you can get yourself a honkingly large entrée.  Think extras!  

Taste is OK.  The tortillas at Café Rio are actually pretty good when they are warm, seems to be fresher made than Chipotle.  I do like Café Rio's creamy cilantro dressing, but I prefer Chipotle's vinaigrette a whole lot more.  Plus, Chipotle edges pricing out a tad by being $1 - 2 cheaper per entrée depending on what you get.  But Chipotle serves no Horchata!  But they do serve Corona!  So really, it kinda evens out.  Just boils all down to personal preference, or which one you feel like eating that day.

If you choose neither of these for some Mexican food, you will probably end up at Roberto's.  That's not a bad choice either.

Ole!笑
Great customer service from this location. Food was descent and dining area was clean.笑
I've always received good service at every location I've visited. I more of a chipotle person but sometimes I just crave the enchilada style burritos here. Plus they make their tortillas from scratch all the time. If you've ever tried to make them yourself you'd know how hard that is and these people do it with such ease.笑
HORRIBLE SERVICE. 
The girls that work the line here have such terrible attitudes & their appearance makes me wish I went to the freaking McDonalds next door. A girl cutting chicken literally had a pack of cigarettes right next to her on the counter and another had a pack sticking completely out of her pocket. The girl that was cleaning tables was standing by the soda machine from the time I got there until I left talking to her friend. Save your time and go elsewhere, even the portions they give you at this location are not worth what you're paying. They put the food on your plate as if they're scared to put the right amount. I'm just going to keep going to the Centennial location, where you can tell the staff got trained and knows how to give good service. Even if it is a further drive. Oh, and the 1 star is for the cashier who is the only one that had a good positive attitude.笑
So third try, not a charm. Everytime I have tried the Summerlin location the service is horrible. Today I was the only person in line and it was like I was bothering them with my basic order as they hurried me along not listening to anything I ordered. By the way besides the employee making my food every employee behind the counter were on their cell phones. The portions may be big but the flavor it's blah.....笑
Love Cafe Rio, have for years. HOWEVER, this location has the worst customer service. The workers are too busy goofing off & talking to each other when they should be listening & talking to the customers. Been to this location three times & each time they skimp on my order & flat out forget to put all the ingredients on my orders. Top it all off they overcharge for things & it takes forever for the cashier to do her job as well.  I no longer go to this location. I'll spend the extra gas and go to the one in Centennial Center or W. Sahara.
Management don't be surprised when this Lake Mead store goes belly up if you don't get some trained and mature employees.笑
Staffing get it together. Food is good service is not. Maybe offering the positions to more of a medley of individuals I sense the teams has mutenyed it's unfortunate笑
Love this place. Waaaay better than Chipotle. Tyler is the only white boy that can roll burritos better than my grandmother, and Karen's energy
is unreal. From the jokes to the quick service and the great food, I can't find any flaws with this staff or restaurant. I'll see you guys tomorrow, same time.笑
Usually not as busy as the other locations. Parking lot is not great. Love the sweet pork. I usually get burritos or salads. The quesadillas are good too but very greasy.笑
Staff  can be rude at times . They 9nly give discounts to people they feel like it .  Cream for salad should be free  but you get charged  $1 dollar . It's OK place笑
Love cafe rio! Everything is delicious,  although my favorite is the salad with sweet barbacoa pork. It's huge enough to share which I usually do with my daughter. Comes with choice of 2 dressings creamy avocado or cilantro lime vinaigrette.  Yum!  Fresh tortillas made right on site and so delicious!  Service is fast and love that this location has outdoor seating and lots of seating in general.笑
Tried to get in and they were already closed... 30 minutes early. Locked out checked yelp and business locked doors 30 min early笑
I continue to have bad experiences here.  I keep coming back because it's close to where I work, but I've had enough.  I can tell they have high turn over because they have different people working there all the time.  Maybe if they hired the right people it would make for better customer service.  The taste of the food is the only reason I gave two stars.  The consistency of the quantity of the food is poor. I pay the same price for the salad, but it is pretty much all tortilla and lettuce now.  Not that I need huge super sized portions, but just the standard portion I'm become used to at other locations.  Lastly, because it's a place I always enjoy, one of my friends gave me a gift card for Cafe Rio. When I went to pay, the girl behind the counter told me it wasn't working and that I needed another payment method.  I wish I could get some good old cafe rio service back.笑
Prefer this location to the Centennial one. Great staff.笑
This is a fairly new Cafe Rio, located on Lake Mead and Buffalo in a small shopping center behind Mickey Dee's. I love the fresh made tortillas here and believe it or not the salads are my go-to item. They are massive and extremely filling. They line the bottom with a tortilla, and then add meat and your choice of toppings. I usually always choose the pork barbacoa which is sweet shredded pork and it is so delicious, I just cant bring myself to order anything different. The dressings for the salad are creamy cilantro and vinaigrette which are both tasty, but I prefer the cilantro which is perfect for dipping leftover tortilla into.

Other items include burritos, nachos, tacos and enchiladas. The burritos can be made enchilada style where they douse the burrito in sauce and cheese then run it through the oven. The red enchilada sauce is really tasty, and I usually get it on the side to dip chips into. Speaking of chips, they give you a brown paper bag FULL of them when you order chips and salsa or queso. The queso tasted like melted American cheese and I didnt like it, so I threw most of it away. Not worth its almost $5 price tag. 

My last visit I tried the pork enchiladas with rice and pinto bean and I was not too impressed. The enchiladas were pretty skimp on the meat, although there was plenty of sauce and cheese, and the rice and beans had no flavor. I wouldn't order this again and would stick with either a burrito or salad.