I wasn't aware Fleming's had an A/V room, replete with screen and ceiling projector.
Do you know what else this room has?
A light switch with no dimmer.

For those of you lucky enough to be seated in the main dining area, if you look toward the right rear of the room and see a very bright light, (sans the tunnel) that's the place.

When first ushered into the room, I asked if this was the steerage section.
They didn't laugh.

Turns out, it WAS the third class section, only they were too nice to not inform us how we'd be eating our meal while being interrogated by a team of international spies, under an intensely bright light. To make it more fun, we were seated in the center of the room.
These guys are real pranksters.

After a while, others were ushered into the room, all of whom looked like they'd fucked-up in the lobby while waiting on a table and were now being punsihed; a mom with a small whiny child, an old couple - both with walkers, and a couple so obese, I think they sat them in there so if the chairs collapsed, no one would see.

Fleming's - you made us feel like we didn't belong - as though we weren't good enough to sit in your half-empty dining area at 5:30 on a Saturday night.

The next time I hope to see a light this bright, it's going to be after trudging through a long-ass tunnel, looking for an old white haired guy in a robe with a big 'G' on his pocket.

Other than the bright light, dining with 'Goonies', and the extremely slow service, it was a real fucking hoot at 170 bucks.

If your hostess marches you toward this room, don't go in there. Fake a seizure of something.
Just don't go in there.

You've been warned.笑
Horrible!!!  Have been here 2 times and both times our order was screwed up.  First time they forgot to put all our side orders in.  Second time they over cooked all 3 of our steaks.  Never offered any compensation!!!  Worst steakhouse around!!!!笑
Just another steak house. Steak was good, but not Ocean Club standard, but same price. Not really a signature item that we could find -- however their specials and starters were delicious. BF ordered the seafood chowder that had shredded lobster on top, Chipotle Mac n Cheese, Mushroom Ravioli. Those were just his starters! He "only wanted a bite" of each one. The disappointing part of the night was not the food. Don't get me wrong, the food WAS good. Just nothing extraordinary. Nothing that made me say wow at all. Their service was just off all night! The fresh-faced high school boy who delivered all our food crashed each plate down in front of us, giving us the strict instructions "don't touch any plates whatever you do. they're smoking hot and you'll get burned". Then asked if we wanted cracked pepper. When we said yes, we had 2 turns of the pepper mill, then he walked away. We had to wave someone down to ask for more. All in all - Flemings will be great as show-off restaurant because of the name. But if you want an amazing steak with service that matches their price point, go to Ocean Club.笑
We frequent this restaurant often, the interior and exterior atmosphere is incredible unfortunately the stakes are hit-and-miss, we have had great experience and then again had a bad experience.
Manager always always makes up for a bad experience but I can only give them a 3-star rating.笑
We went here for Father's Day brunch - we made a reservation way in advance.  We were seated in a table which kept breaking - it was a round table which was actually a square table with an addition on it.  Seated in a corner which should not even have been a spot.  While the service was exceptional, Joey was our waiter.  The small portions for the brunch seem somewhat strange.  Everyone loved the Prime Rib which was huge.  The meat is not organic or all natural, even though it is a good cut it still comes from cows which have taken hormones, chemicals and were grain fed.  this poses a problem, and the staff at Fleming's was not helpful when I asked them about there lack of meat quality.  The service was great, but the meat quality was definitely lacking笑
We came here for a friend's birthday and I was not blown away.  

The cocktail menu lists the vodkas used and two they list are Pinnacle and Svedka.  Really?  Low end vodka at a high end steakhouse?  I could literally buy an entire bottle of vodka for what they charge for a cocktail (not that the cocktail prices are unreasonable - they aren't... but using low quality vodka is strange).  

Our sides (mac n' cheese and asparagus) were not seasoned well.  Once we added salt, they were quite tasty but again, you expect more from a high end steakhouse. 

My medium rare steak was more rare than medium.  Again, I would expect this not to be an issue at a high end steakhouse.  

The restaurant itself is beautiful and our service was good.  None of it was terrible but given all of the options for steak, I won't be returning.笑
This place disappointed. 4 people out of 9 had their steaks cooked wrong. Took 20 minutes for the meat to be redone, and 3 of the new steaks were still cooked wrong. 

The pork was tasty but not served at the requested temperature. The short ribs were tasty but overdone and dry.

Management wasn't apologetic at first, but eventually made things right moneywise. I'm not coming back here. Too expensive for the lack of service and quality of food. If you want great steak, great service, and good atmosphere, go to mastros, steak 44 or Dominic's.笑
Happy Hour is the best! Be sure to come in right at 5:00 because the seats fill up fast! Best part of happy hour, $1 an ounce for wine and the free, endless chips. My husband and I also enjoy the hamburgers. The wait staff is great too!笑
I used to love this place since my Mother lives close by we'd go here when I'd come visit her.  When I opened the menu and saw the prices I thought I was going to need the Heimlich maneuver.  They dramatically raised the prices since my last visit.  WAY OVER PRICED!   My girl friend and I shared a wedge salad and that was very good.  I also had the clam chowder that should have been called corn chowder.  The soup hardly had any clams and priced at $12.00 was worth $5.00 at the most, $4.00 would be fair.  My entree was the petite filet.  I ordered it medium rare and though it was cooked about right it was very dry for a $40.00 little piece of meat.  One of our friends steak was under cooked.  They took it back to fix the problem.  We were all done eating by the time she finally got her steak back over cooked.  They told her they wouldn't charge her for the steak and gave her a $25.00 gift card for her next visit.  She'll end up giving away the gift card since she said she won't be back.  When we got the bill they still charge us for all of the steaks and no credit was given on my friends over cooked steak.  We had the Costco gift cards and the bill was still very high.  Expect to throw down at least $100.00/ person.  I gave them an extra star since The Sunday prime rib special may still be a good deal.笑
My husband and I joined another couple for dinner and took advantage of the Sunday Prime Rib special.  The beef was tender and the meal was a good value.  Two of us ordered the Lava Cake (dessert is included in the special) and they were both overcooked and contained no 'lava'.  Service was friendly and efficient.笑
If given the opportunity to go out to a great steak restaurant, come here. I have been here many times and have never been disappointed. I recommend the fillet mignon to anyone who wants a delicious tender treat.  A little known option for the true fillet enthusiast is a preparation called "Oscar Style" that con sits of Bearnaise sauce mixed with crab meat, that covers the luscious fillet (it's about $10 more but well worth it).  

Another little known fact is that every Sunday evening Fleming's has a "Prime Rib Special" for $30 per person that includes a salad, a side, a piece of prime rib, and a dessert. This is by far the best deal in upper class restaurant history. If you were to order everything separate it would be around $60 per person.  So if you want to splurge for a nice Sunday dinner without the splurging please do not miss out.

The only thing is that since this is a prime steakhouse the steaks come out a little bit on the rare side so if you can't decide between medium and medium-well Felming's will prepare a steak in between if you ask for "medium plus."笑
YUMMY!  I have been here twice on date nights with my husband.  The first time we ate outside on the patio and I had a filet, baked potato and asparagus.  It was delicious!  Expensive, but worth every penny.  The service was great and we enjoyed ourselves.  The second time we came together we sat at a booth in the bar area for a happy hour dinner.  It was awesome!  We both ordered the burger and it was heavenly.  It was so big and juicy.  The fries were good too and I can't believe how inexpensive it was!  The bacon on the burger was perfection.  We also ordered some calamari, butternut squash ravioli, and the lava cake.   We ate way too much, but it was so good.  I really enjoyed their house red that was on their happy hour menu.  I would highly recommend their happy hour at the bar.  Wow!  We were blown away.  Get there early though because it fills up quick.  I can't wait to go back.笑
Fleming's is definitely a special occasion place but well worth it. The service was very professional and attentive. The food was very well prepared, just the way we ordered it. I felt that everyone made the effort to make the experience the best that it could be. My husband ordered the peppercorn steak which was cooked just right while I had the small plate of lamb chops. They were wonderful. The Fleming's potatoes are hot to the table and so yummy. A great evening out.笑
It's no secret that I'm not a huge steak fan, but since my parents like it and they were treating for dinner, I was powerless in the negotiation of venue and we went to Fleming's, an upscale steakhouse serving dead animals graded USDA Prime. Mmm.

Despite the mall location, the restaurant is dark and intimate and the bar looked inviting. My affinity for plastic is relatively low, and with the exception of the Scottsdale equivalent of a gangbanger (an adult frat boy bearing a backwards-turned cap indoors) and his Barbie doll/date, the only people who were in desperate need of recycling were the hostesses which was a pleasant surprise given the environs.

On the recommendations from a sweet but not saccharine waitress, we sampled:
[NB: Prices are approximate, since Fleming's avoids website sticker shock.]
- Starter platter (Gratis): Brie, olive tapenade and some crostini, celery and radish - a light start and a substantial improvement over the standard bread offering (which is also optionally served at entree time upon request)
- Crab Cakes (~$15): Great crabmeat to breading ratio but not superlative as advertised
- Sweet Chili Calamari (~$12): Expertly lightly fried, breaded and sweetened
- Petite Filet (~$30): Dry, which is unfortunate in the most tender of steaks
- Bone-in Ribeye (~$30): Very juicy and flavorful, significantly superior to the former
- Beef Flemington (~$28): Filet Mignon in a light pastry shell and a Madiera sauce, juicy unlike the vanilla offering - a solid A
- Dessert Sampler ($13):
  - Creme Brulee: Divine vanilla goodness, I'd order it again and I'm not a general fan
  - Cheesecake: Thoroughly unremarkable
  - Chocolate Lava Cake: Overly sugary molten chocolate in a thin souffle-ish cake shell
  - Peach Cobbler a La Mode: Proving the exception of the "less filler" trend, heavy on the cobbler but light on the fruit

Outside of parental benevolence, an expense account or a serious apology to a significant other from the heartland, I wouldn't be looking for a dining experience like this, but I'd come back if the time was right. Unlike other local high end steakhouses, Fleming's does it with more tender delicious substance than heavy oily pretension.笑
We returned last night to give Fleming's another try and we were very pleased. The service was great, very relaxed atmosphere, much quieter and cleaner than on Easter. Our server, Erica, who was excellent gave us a great suggestion on having our steaks with the pan seared crust which was delicious. My husband had the bone-in New York strip which was huge and I tried the dry-aged ribeye which was probably one of the best steaks I ever had. Both were cooked to perfection. We had the grilled asparagus for our side, a great compliment to our meal. My mother has one of their small plates, the filet mignon, which was the perfect size for smaller appetites and she loved it. Erica also suggested the chocolate lave cake for dessert which was decadent and perfect finish to a great dinner.笑
Happy hour is great here at this restaurant....However you can tell they are part of a big chain working to cut costs where they can.....We tried dinner there last night....The Filet was very dry for med rare ....I have had better on my own grill purchased from a local grocery.....The shrimp cocktail is supposed to be huge shrimp as an appetizer for $17.00 and these were quite small, .the kind you would find commonly anywhere. with no flavor...The single loaf of bread was cold and the outside of it was not crispy....The butter options were good though....My other half enjoyed the salmon and it was cooked perfectly...Overall for the price of dinner, I would not go back....HOWEVER I would do happy hour there again.....The happy hour menu is good and the prices are great.... I DO WANT TO SAY THE STAFF AND MANAGEMENT ARE IMPECCABLE....TRAINED WELL AND GO OUT OF THEIR WAY TO INSURE YOUR EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST IT CAN BE.....笑
I love this place.  Went on this occassion with a gf for hh and just the best experience (not there has ever been a bad one).  The hostess sat us on the patio promptly and we were immediately greeted by our server, who also happened to be VERY handsome.  

We had the best service all night, very attentive and as good as it gets. 

The food, as always, top notch.  Great portion sizes and quality.  We shared the mushroom ravioli, prawns and cheeseburger and all were to die for. I think my favorite were the prawns, great size and spicy amazingness. 

Overall, doesn't get better and for the HH prices, it's icing on the cake.笑
Came here for a birthday dinner. The food is amazing and the service is excellent. Very pricey, but nice for special occasions. I ordered the special, which was a Chilean sea bass with crab meat on top. It was incredibly delicious. Bother got the aged NY strip, which was very good.笑
Very good steaks and services  5 stars .we just love it, and defiantly will come back again .笑
Great food and great service as always from Manager Cory.  Nice booth tonight & lots of special attention for our celebration.笑
We were 2 couples this past Saturday night and for a high end restaurant, this was a less than good evening.  One patron was drinking wine, while the other 3 were drinking iced tea.  The order was for a 12 oz. glass.  Ten minutes after the iced tea was brought to the table, my wine had yet to be delivered.  When it finally came, after complaining to the manager, it was only 6 oz. Next - one of the diners had a petite filet which had to be sent back because it was so tough.  The 2nd one was not a whole lot better.  Better, but not significantly so.  The servers and manager were most cordial and apologetic and a significant discount was given, along with a complimentary gift card, however, this experience was extremely disappointing.  We have eaten here before, and don't know if there has been a change in the kitchen, but we will think twice about returning and telling our friends.笑
I try and I try and I try to like this place but the only thing Fleming's does consistently is let me down!  Simply said... our shrimp appetizers came out sans deveining.  Yes, the digestive track of the shrimp were right there for us to see.  Next, my veal chop came out raw.  RAW!  Cold and uncooked in the center.  I sent it back twice, and finally just gave up.  Amateur hour again.

To their defense, I had an amazing steak at the Dayton, Ohio location.  But at least four other locations have let me down.  Sigh...笑
We had such a mixed review experience here tonight.  Sea bass was amazing and perfectly prepared.  My spouse had a meal of marginal scallops and shrimp (2 each is not a meal) and clam chowder that was like glue with corn and no clams.  We have had much better food in the past. This place is slipping.笑
Went there for thanksgiving this year and the food and drink were great! It was busy so we sat on the patio which was pleasant. The service was kinda slow and I expected
More from Flemings. It's the little things that count.....like filling up water glasses and asking if you  red anything else.笑
Excellent food and service. We never order wine or alcohol at high-end restaurants, as we are not drinkers. Fleming's is one of the only places that does not treat us poorly after discovering that our bill will only include food (hey, we're great tippers!).

The food is incredible, and the staff is very respectful, polite, and friendly. We just love coming back to Fleming's over and over again!笑
Made a reservation for a Friday night to celebrate a special occasion. While making the reservation, a gentleman on the phone asked what we were celebrating and if they could have any champagne brought to the table. I thought that this was great service and obliged since I did want to make this special for my wife and I

Got to restaurant a little early, but they were able to seat us shortly. Got to the table and there was a nice card congratulating us. Champagne was brought over by one of the managers named Larry who introduced himself and let us know our server Heather would be right over. 

Heather is awesome! Such a great personality and very knowledgeable. My wife and I shared some burrata and a Ceasar salad prior to getting our entrees. I hade the bone in Filet and my wife ordered the small plate of lamb chops. That was one of the best steaks I ever had and my wife seemed very happy as well. We topped it off with the Turtle cake and left completely satisfied.

Thank you to the staff for making a great night even better! We'll be back again笑
We actually came here sometime in late march.
I have never experienced service so awesome. The very nice waitress was helpful and attentive.
We both ordered a petit filet, my friend ordered medium, I ordered medium-rare. 
Now I am a bit of a stiffler with my steak. My steak came out medium/ medium - well done. I did mention that to my waitress and she looked at it, immediately agreed with me and took it back to the kitchen. 15 minutes later I receive a brand new steak and the chef comes out personally to find out whether the steak was fine now.
Let me tell you, this was the very best steak I have ever had. PERFECT! Simple, awesome perfection. 
And a level of customer service that I have not found often in the US.
The waitress even gave me a gift card to make up for the kitchens mistake, so my next steak is free, Wow. Also their flemin potatoes (a potato gratin) is great and definately worth a try.
Food: A+
Customer service A+
Ambiance B+

If you want a great experience, top quality service and an awesome steak, check out flemings!笑
I will be totally up front this is my favourite steak restaurant.  I love this place for one reason and one reason only:tenderloin carpaccio    The meat, the mustard sauce the crisp Parmesan toast is magical to eat. I have tried other restaurants and nothing comes even close to this. 

We were seated in a booth.  I was so happy there was enough light to read a menu without resorting to flashlights. I find the table area to have poor lighting. I hate sitting at a table and feeling I am older than I actually am due to the inability to see a menu. I wish more places would consider their target audience and light tables accordingly. I am not suggesting brighter than the noon day sun lighting, but a little brighter please 

Disappointed with the bread. It was dry and lacked substance. Not worth the calories to eat. 

Our table ordered the double thick pork chop,  and the small plate hangar steak. For sides Fleming potatoes and Thai beans

The hangar steak was excellent and served with chilaquiles casserole and fennel slaw. Tasty. The casserole had a little bit of a kick to it which was tempered by the fennel slaw

I had a taste of the pork chop and the apple that accompanied it. The moistness of the chop and the sweetness of the apple  together would have made Angels sing. 

The Flemings potatoes were excellent , but the beans I would not bother with next time. Another vegetable choice would be nice. 

The disappointing part of the menu is the desserts. I always look to see if something has changed ,but it is always the same. Once there was a frozen lemonade pie on the menus, but nothing even remotely exciting since. Flemings, the molten lava cake is so yesterday and a really tired dessert. I know that you need to keep classics on there, but please add something a little more exciting笑
I went to This location in 2015 and was not impressed. I was overcharged for what I thought was a tough steak. I went there because I received a gift certificate. I would not go back. 

My daughter and son in law were there last night, 2/13/16 for valentines dinner. They had the suggested steak and lobster special. My 31 year old daughter woke up throwing up in the middle of the night and swears it is food poisoning. I suggested she contact you.

2 strikes for this location nearly a year apart. Needless to say we will not be dining at Flemmings again. 

I had to give it a rating of one star because it would not let me exit out of this page, otherwise I would not have given it one star.笑
Great food and service. Even though the location is at DC Ranch, my wife and I take the 15 minute drive and always do our splurge dinners here. Last night was our 36th anniversary and Eric our waiter was great. Sunday, prime rib night is one of our favorites, as it is the best value. My bone-in rib eye was the best I have ever had and as always my wifes prime rib was delicious and cooked medium-rare to perfection. Excellent spot for H/H too with the 5/6/7 promotion.笑
We visited this restaurant last night, it was extremely busy as any steakhouse in Scottsdale would be. They said the only seating they had was outside it was comfortable outside so we decide to go out. What they didn't tell us was that they have had a sewer problem and throughout our four hundred dollar meal. We could smell the sewer backing up and our waitress said its been a problem for the past week. What irritates me with this restaurant is they should've never sat us outside knowing the problem they had. The manager came by and said oh we're more than happy to move you inside with our meal In front of us.

I wouldn't recommend this restaurant if it was the only restaurant in town so take your chances there are plenty other steakhouses in Scottsdale that treat their customers a lot better than this one did笑
I've been to this Flemings many times over the years and it's always outstanding. We reserved a table late and let them know it was my girlfriends birthday and, sure enough, best booth in the house! First of all, our server Kevin was hospitable and went above and beyond the call of duty. Typically then service here is good but tonight was excellent. Steaks.. My favorite food, and the dry aged ribeye here is bursting with flavor and cooked to perfection. I started with the French onion because I've been getting in the gym recently and had minimal guilt. The lava cake was a bridge too far but it was her birthday.. Really delicious! Flemings potatoes are usually a must and the creamed corn had a nice zip to it. Always a great wine selection here and always on my list of "when are we going to.."笑
It was a well-priced happy hour for an upscale place, but I found the offerings to be quite limited. Burger was just okay, salt & pepper shrimp was accompanied by green bean fries, but they were all covered in the same soggy batter.笑
We've been to various Fleming's many times - looked forward to our visits as "special nights". Gradually however, we've noticed a decline in quality coupled with a fairly noticeable increase in price. We haven't been in some time due to cost, but got pulled in based on an unsolicited $50 gift card I received from them. Our visit last night was probably our last visit - just not worth the cost.

We both had the "Angus" rib-eyes. My SO had hers med, mine med-rare. The waitress asked us if we wanted them "seared" to put a crust on them and we both said yes. (Don't recall being asked previously, most steak houses assume this is how one wants an expensive steak.) Both were pretty much cooked to order, except no sear whatsoever - on my worst night I put a better sear on my steaks.

Also, we both noted that the steaks were extremely lean, not a hint of marbling. Both steaks were fairly juicy, but as a result of the leanness much more reminiscent of a choice NY strip, not even close to a prime ribeye. We're both big steak eaters, both at home and at restaurants, and both of these steaks were poor renditions of $50/lb prime meat - slightly chewy and missing the flavor of a juicy, marbled ribeye. If you like ribeyes you know what I'm talking about.

I routinely buy choice ribeyes at Costco, and recently bought a couple of choice 2" thick bone-in ribeyes at Safeway - both were *vastly* superior in flavor and tenderness to what we had last night - and both were about $13/lb, not $50/lb. (I get that one is also paying for the experience, but the food has to match or you're not getting your money's worth.)

The Fleming's potatoes were good, however seems like the portion is smaller. Two smallish servings of potatoes and cheese for $12.

Spinach was very good, as was the service.

Tab came to about $165 plus tip with two decent glasses of wine and no dessert ($115 plus tip after our gift card). We did not drive home with warm thoughts about the wonderful meal we'd just had, and probably won't be spending our dining dollars at Fleming's in the future. (Update: interestingly, less than two weeks after I posted this review news came out that several Fleming's locations are closing because they are "under-performing" - apparently others also feel that overpriced, less than stellar food just doesn't cut it.)笑
The food was great, but I have to deduct points for the slower than usual service. We celebrated 50th anniversary with my in-laws and I thought it would have been a nice touch to get a personalized plate. But did not happen. Maybe I expected too much. We celebrated at Ruth Chris before and it was a little bit more personal there.笑
Best Happy Hour in the Valley. Prime steak burger, string fries and don't forget to start with the sweet pepper calamari - you wont be disappointed.笑
I've been to Flemings for happy hour several times and every time it's been great ! The burgers are by far the best I've had. My husband i decided to try dinner at Flemings this past weekend and i was shocked about how mediocre the food was and the wait time for our food. It took us over an hour and half in and out of the restaurant. Our order was simple the tomato and mozzarella salad split ~ The salad was simple, the balsamic reduction was good , but nothing to rave about ,then again it's not tomato season.  I order a petite filet medium and my husband the bone in filet medium rare. It took over an hour to get our steaks. We where at the point to grab our check and go have dinner somewhere else. The server was very accommodating and said the kitchen staff was behind , he send the manager to our table who was apologetic . We are very easy customers and kept our frustration to ourselves because who knows who's fault it was.  The steaks came my steak was medium rare , which I most cases I can handle it if the steak is flavorful. The beef wasn't sweet, it     didn't have anything to it at all. It's funny because my husband said if you dip it in a sauce its better. That's not the point of having a good steak. My husband loved his bone in Filet, I tried it and it was better than mine for sure. I don't know if he loved it so much because he was super hungry. Regardless, Flemings ended up paying for our dinner, but I have to say, I can't say I would go back for a steak dinner. It's too bad .笑
I can't say I'm a fan of Fleming's. Having dined at Mastro's on several occaisions we were comparing Fleming's to Mastro's and have to say I'd much rather dine at Mastro's.

It wasn't so much the food, in fact the food was quite good. The service is what was the biggest letdown. 

I ordered a wedge salad to start with since I'd seen a couple eating them at the bar while we were waiting for our table. The presentation was good as was the dressing and the blue cheese chunks but the majority of the lettuce was yellow and didn't taste good. My partner ordered the French Onion Soup and really enjoyed it. 

Next came the second round of drinks which took forever to arrive at the able. My guess would be at least 10 minutes although it seemed like 20.

For our entree's we both ordered NY Strips which were cooked exactly as ordered. For our side items we ordered creamed spinach and sauteed mushrooms. Both were delicious. Unfortunately when we were done it took a long time to get the plates cleared. 

If you're looking for a GREAT deal on Prime Rib on Sunday nights head over to Temple Sports Bar at Thompson Peak and Bell in Scottsdale. Great service and the Prime Rib Special is only 12 bucks, yes that's right 12 bucks.

Ultimately it was the slow service that turned us off. If we're going to spend this much money I'd rather be showered with attention like you are at Mastro's.笑
Hubby and I were invited to join a friend for a seafood grilling class and wine tasting, what better way to spend an early Saturday afternoon? 

It was an intimate setting, three or four tables of people, everyone was friendly and interested in learning some new techniques. The chef was knowledgeable and made some excellent grilled fish and veggies. The waiter was also well-educated when he spoke about the wines. 

I hope they have another class soon on how to grill the best steak!笑
Not that Flemings needs my help or anything...BUT

My wife and I went here last friday and had the time of our lives.  I've been there a few times and they addressed us by name and even knew how long it had been since our last dinner.  The wait staff is exceptional and the food was B B B B BOMB!  I have the parmesan encrusted halibut and my wife had the petite filet.  

If you've never been you should definately check this place out.  I highly recommend it.  Ask to be seated in Lindsey's section.  She's GREAT!

dp笑
Had a great meal at the bar...Joey and Dennis are the best.笑
Went to eat here on a Sunday to try their "prix fixe" menu with a party of five. Most of us opted for the Caesar Salad first (good) and Prime Rib as the main course. To say the meat was bad is an understatement unless you like fatty, tasteless beef. We all ended up trimming anywhere from 50- 70% of our meal and pushing it off to the side because it was not edible. Additionally, when one of our parties meals showed up it was ice cold so the rest of us were eating while waiting for his food to show up. 

If it sounds like the food was terrible (it was) the service was utterly and disappointingly consistent. First, one of our party ordered an End Cut on the Prime Rib and was told by the waitress that "she would try". When he asked to be informed if it was available or not so he could choose something else if it wasn't available he was met with an attitude as if he asked her to rope a steer and cook it herself along with informing him that if he committed the mortal sin of changing his order if what he really wanted wasn't available he probably would have to wait 20 minutes and wouldn't be able to eat with the rest of our party! What??  

When ordering our meal, our ever so friendly waitress told us that we were supposed to decide on our dessert at that point as well. Have to admit I've never been pressured to decide what I want for dessert before I've even put a morsel of food in my mouth but we complied. Two in our party chose the bread pudding only to be told when it was time for dessert an hour later that they were sold out of the bread pudding. When we asked what the point was of being pressured to decide on dessert the hour before if it wasn't going to be secured we got a blank stare and were told our diners would just have to choose from the other TWO dessert options on the special menu. We spoke to a manager who then told us we could choose a dessert from the regular menu since it was their fault they didn't secure the dessert we ordered. But when our diners chose the Lava Cake we were told by the manager that was the one dessert that he would not give them! Keep in mind this is supposed to be fine dining and our tab was over $300 and this is how people are treated when the restaurant is at fault. And last but not least, don't expect anything that might resemble a timely refill of your water or iced tea with your meal. Not happening. 

Overall, terrible service, terrible food and high prices. If you want to get what you pay for and have a good dining experience, don't walk away from Flemings....RUN!笑
expensive but excellent quality food, service and presentation. The main room can get a little noisy so ask for a table in the back if a more intimate setting is preferred.笑
Lots of waiters running around enthusiastically asking us how they could help, but they never replenished my ice tea, or coffee; steak was overcooked and dry, very very expensive, did not tell us about $29 special on Sunday night for prime rib and it was not on menu!  There was a little piece of paper on table about prime rib special which we saw after we had ordered.  Why was it not mentioned?笑
Avoid Flemings at Pima for happy hour.  Lots of tables vacant, lots of staff hanging around, but no one to get tables ready.  Restaurant needs management.笑
We went with a party of 10. The greeting was perfect, great environment and wonderful service. I tried the chef's special which was 3 different cuts of filet. I wasn't a fan of the wellington, but everything else was great笑
Crab cakes tasty but very small,  jumbo shrimp skewers not very jumbo, great coffee, over pricy笑
Pricing has gone up and portion size down. Service is slow and not as friendly. On special days they would give chocolates at the end.  No longer...I think they are cutting back - in areas that used to be a reason to choose Flemings over other similar restaurants.笑
Wanted to try something different for Christmas eve this year. Decided to go to Flemings for happy hour at the bar. Their happy hour menu was great, before we even ordered anything for dinner they gave us a bowl of homemade chips which were excellent I could've just eaten those for dinner. The fried calamari was great, and the seven dollar cheeseburger with bacon was extraordinary.笑
Such a disappointment...... I stopped in today for an early dinner while visiting Scottsdale. I have tried Fleming's before and had solid meals.

I ended up eating in the bar which almost requires a flashlight to see the menu. If the tv wasn't on, I would have needed my cell phone to see anything.

The service was fine. The bartender was attentive, nice.

I ordered several apps. They all were sub par. The first was barely lukewarm. The second one, pork belly, had potential. You could tell part of the plate was put together and was waiting for the pork belly. I didn't want to tell the bartender they were 0 for 2. The calamari showed up. It was warm but very overcooked in a puddle of some sweet sauce.

The meal did fill me up but if i had to do it over again, I would try a different place.

Plenty of parking outside..笑
The service here is excellent. We love their  steaks( always cooked perfectly) 
 and the relaxing atmosphere. My daughter and I had the filet and scallop special. Which was very good. I can't wait to go back.笑
I very much enjoyed my experience here, and nearly all of my meal was if not the best, the very best of that item I have ever had. When I think of my dinner here I think of the Chipotle Mac and Cheese, after I had finished the Mac and Cheese my server told me I should try it with bacon. WTH? I playfully asked her, how could you NOT mention that when I ordered it. The wedge salad was a great wedge, and the lava cake thing was out of this world. I will go back to this place just for the Mac and Cheese. What am I missing here.....thinking.... OH! the steak! 

Forgettable. 


I can't give 4 stars to a restaurant with "steak" in their name that serves a tough Rib Eye with gristle, my Aunt's Fillet was however, fantastic. So perhaps just bad luck? But for the price I would hope luck wouldn't come into play. 

I would go back and if I had been paying I would have said something about the steak, maybe it is just me but when someone is buying your Birthday dinner it is bad form to complain about the food.笑
We dined in on Tuesday night and didn't quite have the experience we expected. Service was extremely slow, which was odd because it seemed like a slow Tuesday night. It Took about 15 minutes plusto get our drinks, and 10 minutes between each visit from our waiter. It was so bad that I ordered something else because I didn't want to waste time asking allergy questions about the dish I wanted (server didn't seem to have much knowledge of the menu so it would have taken him time to find out). Of course, our food took forever to come out because there was a very large party ahead of us. However, the food was very good. I got the sea bass and my husband got a filet. The Flemings salad was amazing. The only reason I give a three stars is based on food. Service was 0, especially for a "fine dining experience".笑
I really can't understand how anyone can give this place less than at least 4 stars.  Yes, there are other "better" steaks in town, but this is pure consistency.

Ambiance, quality, flavors, service, amenities, patronage, menu options -- all are top class.

Anything dry-aged is fantastic because of the deeper, richer flavors that this technique summons from the beef.

The Fleming's potatoes are excellent -- surprisingly, they are even better the day after when you heat them up in the microwave.  

Yes, you will spend a lot of money when you come here, so don't be a chump and try to "cheap" your way through a meal.  Watching your wallet will simply dilute what otherwise should be an opulent and luxurious experience.笑
My girlfriend and I came here for happy hour for date night. The food was pretty good and we even had complimentary homemade potato chips. 

We ordered a few cocktails and they were great! 

Being located pretty far north Scottsdale, there isn't much of a crowd. It seemed pretty dead and I think that's how it usually is. Great place for date night!笑
We have been coming to this Flemings location since it opened.  I have had mediocre service (and sometimes food) here before sitting at the bar and in the dining room, but for the most part, it is consistently better-than-average service. We sat at the bar for a light dinner and Mike was GREAT! Super personality and very attentive.  What an asset he is to Flemings!  Definitely makes us want to come back when he's there (on Sundays and ? bc he is pt) 

We always get the prime rib on Sundays or the NY strip, with either the Flemings potatoes-their jalapeno infused version of potatoes au gratin or the steak fries. The Flemings salad is good too. slightly sweet and served with a nice chilled fork.  The creamed corn also has a 'kick' to it.  The lava cake is decent and worth ordering if you still have room for it. 
 I can't say it's the best steak you will ever have, but for what it is, it's consistently good service/food and it's convenient....for us at least :)笑
I suggested Fleming's to my parents and grandmother. They've enjoyed their meals here but for some reason, weren't sure where to go that particular weekend. Looking back on the great experience, I'd guess that Scottsdale has far more good restaurants than I realize. 

Fleming's was very good and covered so many details. Seriously, more places should offer black napkins! Very personable service by the valet, greeter, hostesses and servers themselves. I felt valued as a customer when people referred to us by name.

My pork chop was only fair but that's based on my personal preferences. It was a double cut and as a result was a little undercooked for my liking. No worries, I just ate around the middle section. 

When I mentioned Fleming's to my friends later that night, they acknowledged it as a good choice and asked how I'd heard of it. Why am I still explaining Yelp to people? :)笑
Poor service, starting with the incompetent, rude and narcissistic young woman who receives you, or not. Happy hour is poorly managed. I live in the area but prefer to drive away to a more welcoming place.  Is there a manager here? Will never return.笑
Hmmm.  Not how I remembered the chain. Service seemed uninterested until they realized we were there for the full menu and not just happy hour.  

Appetizer was the burrata cheese.  Not good.

Medium rare rib eye was closer to medium and average quality.

The lady had scallops/shrimp dish.  Scallops were above average, but the shrimp was rancid.  Compliments to how they handled the situation.  Good apology, empathy and they took it off the bill.  

Can't hang as a steak house in this city (or any) if this is their best service. Dominicks beats it in every aspect.笑
Took my managers here for our dinner meeting. 

Decent apps and ok entrees other than the skewer stick stuck in my overly cooked and overly priced corporate volume purchased filet mignon. 

Mystified waiter came back from kitchen saying "... It's how we hold the steak together.". Really?

They compensated me with a free drink (yay) and an undercooked lava cake (yay). 

$650 bill for 5 people.

Hmm, think I'm done with this chain, I'll just take my money to Outback next time.笑
The review is for happy hour only.

Loved happy hour at this restaurant!  Had to get there right at 5pm to get a table on a Friday night, but thankfully we were seated right away.  We partook in the excellent drink specials and both had a nice big glass of wine, which was quite tasty.  We shared the BBQ shrimp, pork belly, and a burger.  The BBQ shrimp was the highlight.  It had an awesome sauce and was great for dunking bread/chips.  The pork belly was pretty good... not amazing though.  The burger was also great... we loved the fries it came with.  They had some lemon and garlic on them, which was a nice touch.

Service was great and the vibe in the bar was nice for a Friday night.  We will be back for sure!笑
3rd time here and everything perfect. We love this place! Strongly recommend the bone-in rib-eye served iron crusted style. Most excellent!!! Chocolate Martini perfect after dinner drink. Would be remiss if I didn't highlight server Erika. She was outstanding in every way. Props to the management team and the entire staff. You have a most special thing going here!笑
Exceptional service, above average food.  I've been here a couple times now and giving the place 4 stars because of the atmosphere and the service.  The last time we were here was during the Barrett Jackson auto show.  We had originally just gone for happy hour and were hoping to get a booth.  It was packed, and we had mentioned under our breath that we had hoped to get a booth.  We didn't press the issue because we weren't sure if we were going to stay for dinner, but apparently that was enough for them to take it upon themselves and put us on the list without us asking.  About the time we got our 2nd round of drinks, a waiter approached us and said we have a booth ready for you if you would like it.  I wish I remembered his name, because he was such a pro at his job.  We sat and decided to get some carpaccio and the lobster appetizer.  Although it was busy and packed with characters from the show, our waiter was patient and on task with allowing us to enjoy our spot as long as we wanted.  Well, it worked because we decided to order a bottle of wine and share a steak also.  The filet was delicious and clearly prime grade as advertised.  There are a few better steaks out there just based on my personal flavor preference, but I would jump at the chance to go here and would recommend taking guests here in an instant.笑
Excellent place for atmosphere food and drinks. Great steaks and I love their chocolate lava cake. Also have a great happy hour daily from 5 to 7 & 8 to 10. Great drink and food specials.笑
I would give this 4.5 stars and will explain why in a bit. 

Due to their recent promotion ($25 bill credit when you reserve online), my wife and I decided to go here for our annual end of year dinner.  We arrived on time for our reservation and were promptly seated at one of the raised booths in the back with a view of the kitchen.  Ambiance was great initially (we arrived on a Friday night at about 6) but then the restaurant started to fill up.  However, where we were sitting, it was not too noisy.  

For starters, the service was by far the best service we have had at any restaurant out here in Phoenix.  From the wait staff to the manager who came to our table, everyone was extremely polite.  

We started out with a bottle of wine recommended by our server (not one of the pricier ones) and it was excellent.  We shared a bowl of their crab/seafood chowder that was on special that night and that was excellent!  Tasted almost as good at New England Seafood chowder.  

My wife ordered the prix fixe special; 2 petite filets, scallops, wedge salad and dessert.  Everything was great but unfortunately the filets (ordered medium rare) came out medium, hence the reason for the .5 star.  A steakhouse should put out a perfectly cooked petite filet but unfortunately this one was left on the grill too long.  We did not complain nor send it back.  The flavor was still there.  I ordered the bone-in filet (on special) which was cooked perfectly and we got a side of Fleming's potatoes.  I was not too crazy about them as they tasted just like scalloped potatoes with a bit of jalapeno, but the wife liked them.

The chocolate lava cake was good although it was a little bland for my taste and may need a bit of sugar if it was served on its own. However, the ice cream, pistachios, and almond cookies give the extra sweetness.  

Again, great service and excellent wine selections.  I would recommend coming here for dinner and/or for happy hour as it seems like they have decent offerings in the bar area.笑
Dined here on a Sunday night in July. Very hard to find this location, signage is not visible from Pima or from the entry to the shopping center. Eventually found it. Service was good, not great, pacing of the courses was a bit irregular. I had the Ahi small plate, wedge salad and double cut pork chop. All were very good, and well prepared. The manager did circulate towards the end of the meal and seemed very engaged with the operation which is a plus. Decor was pretty dark, which seems to be the norm in steakhouses these days. 4 stars for food, 3 for service, 3 for decor/location.笑
Ate here for my first time two weeks ago and I have to say Flemings is one of my new favorite places to dine. I thought the ambiance was okay. The restaurant wasn't brand new and the bar area looked a little run down. So my guests and I decided to have dinner in the dining room. 
The entire night was fabulous!!! Our server (Joey) was very knowledgeable in every aspect of our dining experience. He suggested the chateau montelena cabernet with our steaks. He said the wine which he said had dark fruits and lingering finish was on the button. He suggested some  choice cuts of filet and ribeye. Well I have to say Joey, great recommendations! The servers service was flawless. Every course was timed out perfectly and came out how we modified them. The steak had a little too much butter on them, but were high quality beef. Our drinks were never short of full and the waiters personality was a blast. He then told us about Flemings happy hour and how we should not miss out. 
We will be back!

Service and food was delicious. Price was a little steep. All in all I give a 5 because its the best steakhouse I have been to. Bravo笑
Food never disappoints and the staff is professional without being stuck up. One of those meals you don't feel bad about spending your money on.

The seafood tower is a must!笑
Went there for a special famil dinner tonight & it was horrible!  Service was terrible, food was cold, sides gasped no flavor, and the prime rib was the worst I have had.  Had a lot of food leftover & waiter took it to box up for us.  He brought back one bag & told us it was just the sides & the meat would be coming out soon.  When we got the bill I asked for our meat - he came back with another bag & when we got home realized he gave us someone else's food.  We will never dine there again.笑
I normally don't patronize these high end steak places since that's not how I roll. But I decided to get out and live a little by taking advantage of one of those dinner seminar evenings put on by some financial types that were hoping to manage my money.

The wait staff balanced about twenty entrees on their arms and deliver the meals with such professionalism. Okay, I might be exaggerating a little bit on the number of plates that they balance on their arms. 

My Filet Mignon was very tasty. Just the right amount of pepper and juiciness. Pretty much like how I cook them on my grill. The green beans and mashed potatoes were excellent. Although, the mashed potato portion was a bit slim.

I'm definitely a fan of Fleming's steakhouse.笑
The evening started off as a 2.5 star experience. We had a reservation (which I recommend if you are planning on going on a weekend night) but we wanted to get there early for happy hour.  The bar was packed as was to be expected but we were able to find a ledge with chairs at it. The bf went to the bar to order and a large, loud bartender took the order and rudely asked "where are you even seated?" The bf pointed to our perch and the bartender replies " uh,  we have servers who are taking care of tables. They're a little busy right now but someone will come around!" Ok sorry jerk no need to scold us. We had no idea there was a server or we would have just waited for one instead of inconveniencing you! Anyway, the server comes, we tell her what we ordered, asked her to keep the tab open and ordered a Sweet Chili Calamari. She comes back a few minutes later with our credit card receipt already run and no calamari on it. We finished the round and I flagged her down again. I ordered another round and asked if she put our order in for the calamari. She had not and seemed put out that  we had to reopen the  tab even when we specifically told her to keep it open. The place was pretty chaotic. The hour we were at the bar we were brought another table's food twice and staff were running everywhere.  This is were they start to increase in stars. The calamari was some of the best I've ever eaten. The sauce wasn't too sweet, the peppers were pickled and not too hot and the batter was light and airy. We were seated at a very large booth and were greeted by a very friendly and down to earth server, Nicole I think. The wine selection is very good and they have a variety of prices which is nice. You can order 100 by the glass but there were some very good bottles in the $35-$40 range. The BF had the peppercorn NY strip, I had the bone in ribeye, and we shared the half and half (frites and onion rings) and asparagus. I've been to Del Frisco's in Manhattan. The steak I had there was seriously THE BEST thing I have ever put in my mouth! It is the steak that all other steaks have to live up to. My ribeye was almost as good and $20 cheaper, every time I think about it my mouth starts to water. The BF enjoyed his just as much and randomly brings it up, apparently his is haunting him as well. Both steaks were cooked perfectly and well marbled. The sides were more than enough for the 2 of us, but being the gluttons that we are, we ate everything but 1 lonely onion ring. The service was on point. She came by at the exact moments that we needed her but left us alone the rest of the time. Total bill including the bar tab was about $200, which I think is reasonable for the amount and quality of what we had. We had several cocktails, an appetizer, 2 large, succulent steaks, 2 sides, and a bottle of Malbec. There are so many other steak houses that we want to try in the area that I don't think we'll go back but it is definitely an experience I will tell all my friends about! *obviously*笑
French onion soup is very good amazing steak chocolate lava cake is amazing笑
The atmosphere is great, very elegant, and the food is impeccable.  Have been there several times, and have never been disappointed.  Can't swear to the entire menu though, I go there for the steak, and it is wonderful.  Wine list is very nice.笑
Flemings is a perfect alternative to Mastros or Dominicks or any of the other places where you drop a mortgage payment on your meal. Flemings is certainly not cheap, but overall it's about 15% less per item (like $39 for a filet vs $46) at Ocean Club, etc.
The steak is every bit as good. The service is excellent there and the ambience is in the same category. Perhaps Ocean Club has better interior design, whatever. 
Add to that Flemings runs some really good promotions from time to time like bonuses on gift cards or prix fixe menus and I go there about once every month.笑
Fleming's knows service, food and ambiance and they excel in all three. I have been to other Fleming's before, but just recently dined at this location. It's a perfect option in the DC Ranch option for a nice dinner out. From the outside, it looks like they don't have a patio, but they actually do and it's a good one because it's covered so it's not as hot in the summer. 

However, we dined inside during this visit and enjoyed the cozy atmosphere. The service at this Fleming's was excellent and the server paid very close attention to our requests, especially my pregnant request for very well done salmon. I enjoyed a Cesar salad followed by the BBQ salmon and thoroughly enjoyed both, especially the BBQ salmon. I highly recommend ordering it if you feel like something other than steak. However, the steaks are also delicious and I stole a bite of the Filet which was delicious as well. For dessert, I highly recommend the carrot cake. It is fresh and amazing! The frosting is delicious and the cake is perfectly moist. 

This was a nice dining experience and I definitely look forward to returning and especially taking advantage of their happy hour specials.笑
I love this place and the service was great!  RUTHS CHRIS and Morton's Flemings is really catching up!!

Best atmosphere and best service EVER!!!笑
Wow never thought i'd be so disappointed with a big name like Fleming's. I dined here with my wife for a late valentines day since we where both working on the 14th. 

I'll start off with the good: the service was friendly, on point, and knowledgable about the menu. The appetizers were good mushroom ravioli and french onion soup as well as the steaks cooked just as ordered and very tasty. 

The bad: a la carte menus mucho dinero for a little steak and nothing else. The side I ordered, asparagus, was pretty scorched on the bottom for the price they should be cooked perfectly. My wife ordered a special lobster tail, small filet, and Flemings potatoes. Lobster tail was way overcooked to the point were the waiter could barely get it out of the shell and it tasted like rubber, the potatoes were bland and could have used more seasoning and to top it off the plates were hotter than hell like they had been left up in the salamander for to long. Lastly the restaurant was just a little to warm and caused us to sweat through our meal. 

Overall I will certainly not be returning and would not recommend to a friend.

2/20/2014 Update- the restaurant manager contacted the the next day after reading my review and sent a gift card to give Flemings another shot, I will update my review when we revisit this location.笑
Always great !!!!  Be to this Flemings about twenty times.  
I like this location more because its less busy than the other scottsdale location .
Also you can buy gift cards from costco for $80 and get $100 face value. 
What a bargin.笑
What a great way to celebrate our anniversary!

We received a gift card through amex and decided to give Fleming's a try for our anniversary.  We are so happy we did and we will return!

We sat outside on the patio and loved the atmosphere.  It was a chilly evening but with the heaters it was perfect.

I had the Newport filet and my husband the peppercorn steak.  We shared both and were both pleased with each cut of meat.  They were both cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were to die for, we probably should have ordered an extra serving.

Our service was top notch.  Cody went above and beyond to make our experience perfect.  We were so comfortable and never had the feeling like we were dining at a large restaurant.  She was so personable and gave us her personal opinions on the menu and drinks, which we took and were so pleased with.  When we return we will be requesting her section again as we felt so welcome.  Thank you to Cody for making our evening even more special.

We can't wait to return not only for the amazing food but the service.  Everyone that came to our table was super friendly, it was so refreshing to have such great service.笑
Meal was great.  The meat the sides all done well.  Only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because we sent our steak back twice cause over cooked but came out perfect the 3rd try.  Our server Reid K. was great.  He noticed our main courses came out to quick as we did not even start our appetizers yet and he sent everything back and had it re done before we even said anything!笑
Here is a recap of our meal: my filet with lump crab was ordered medium rare and it came well done. My son's bone-in steak was also ordered medium rare and came well done to the point that it was black on the outside. Also it was half the thickness that the same order is served him in locations in CA. My wife's order of two lobster tails was fine for the first tail and the second tail was raw inside. After getting it back it was still raw. My daughter's boyfriend's prime rib was indeed as he asked for but it was again half the thickness as the other Flemings places. My daughter ordered the short ribS. There was one rib.  We also all noticed that the sides were MUCH smaller than the same sides in CA. Maybe Chef was running low on food...I'd rather be told that the kitchen was out of what I wanted than to be served a tiny portion and then be charged the full price.  My first manhattan was watery and had little taste.  My second one was much better. When paying that much for food and drink I expect things to be better.  
We appreciated not having to pay for that food Sunday and I hope that the waiter knew that  we didn't blame him. There was a young woman that was clearing things from the table and when I told her that my wife's lobster was still raw she grabbed the plate from my hand and almost hit me with it when she left the table. I emailed the manager and received NO answer; only the comp of the meal and some gift cards to return there and a promise that things will be perfect the next time. I'm supposed to email her and tell her when we'll be there. I doubt that she cares.笑
Completely enjoyed a post Thanksgiving meal here in the private room with our large group of 12.  Everyone raved about the various steak dishes they ordered and the sides are delicious!

My barbecue salmon was a little fishy for my taste which means it's not as fresh as it could be, but acceptable.  What do you expect when you go to a steak house and order the fish? If it had been a little fresher I would have nothing to complain about.  The serving size was enough for two like most of their steaks and the house salad is fabulous.

I'd go back and I would stick to the steaks, salad and sides.  

I have to say I loved our waiter and all the staff here is top notch.笑
Relatives from Nevada visited and had a hankering for the Winter Prix Fixe Menu.  We arrived with a reservation and were fortunate to be seated at a high table in the patio overlooking a gorgeous sunset. Three of us had ordered the filet mignon vigneron  with a side of grilled asparagus and then found out we could substitute blue cheese lettuce wedge for the Caesar salad. We all opted for the delicious blue cheese salad and cleaned our plates.  I don't normally eat steak but the filet was very tasty and a welcome change from chicken and fish.

For desert the prix fixe menu listed ice-cold milk and cookies.  It turned out that wasn't necessary either and we had several choices. Here we departed ways with one ordering a chocolate lava cake and another ordering the frozen lemon gingersnap pie.  Due to the peanut scare the chocolate peanut butter sandwich was dropped and substituted with a very delicious cheese cake with blueberry sauce.  Definitely a good substitution and more than enough for sharing with the fourth light-eater who only ordered a very large pork chop.  The light-eater still had half the pork chop left over for a doggie bag and next meal.笑
I have never had such a great experience. My husband and I came here for our anniversary and not only was the food INCREDIBLE, the service was out of this world. Heather was our server and she took amazing care of us with great recommendations and the most fantastic attitude! I recommend the chocolate lava cake but order it at the beginning as it takes a while to cook. Colleen stopped by as well and was so accommodating and friendly. The staff here made our special night absolutely perfect. I really couldn't be happier. If you're looking for great food and the best, personable staff, this is the place. :)笑
If you're looking for a 2 star steakhouse, that's pretending to be 5 stars, then this is your place.  Wait staff was awesome, friendly, and very courteous.  The wine list was good, their cuvee selection is weak (but the one that they do offer is rocking), but that's where all the magic comes to an end.

We ordered two appetizers.  Muscles: I give it an A for effort and C- for delivery.  Clearly a rushed effort, and the broth had strong alcohol taste to it (they didn't give it enough time to burn off).  Had they taken their time, the taste would have been good.  Calamari: C+ at best.  They over-drowned the fried calamari to a soggy mess.  Real disappointing all the way around.

Caesar salad was awesome.  (so only order this, and you'll be okay).

Steak was prepared appropriately, but it really lacked blue ribbon quality meat taste.  Surprising given some of the best beef ranches are on this side of the Mississippi.  The meat was grocery story quality and they should really re-think their supplier.  Easy thing to fix given the price point.  

Side dishes were decent, but nothing note worthy.

Over all, at this price point and atmosphere, there are far better options in the North Scottsdale area.  I wouldn't recommend this, if you don't mind driving 5 minutes in just about any direction.笑
Best happy hour Burger EVER. Especially for $6. The calamari with peppers is also awesome. HH everyday from 5-7.笑
My wife and I went for our anniversary, and I hadn't been in a long while. Something changed since the last time, because the service was ok, but the food left much to be desired. My filet was no better than what I'd be able to do from the store. The sides were good, but honestly, there's nothing that wants to bring me back. When there are so many great choices for a nice dinner out, for the same price-point, I'd have to go someplace else next time.笑
Had a great dinner.  Steaks were great.  Mushroom Ravioli appetizer was delicious and the service was great.  The manager was setting a great example by pitching in and working as hard as the waitstaff. She was attentive and professional.  Nice experience.笑
Had a reservation for over 3 weeks for New Years night at 8:30. Get there and place is packed and told there would be a 45 minute delay! Why make a reservation?! Left and went to Preston's where they accommodated our 8 people with better food, drinks and service. Won't go back to Flemings.笑
Excellent service and the quality of the food is amazing! My husband and I had a great experience!笑
Steaks are good here. Their appetizers aren't bad. The bar menu is also not bad and I'd recommend the 8-10pm menu if you are just looking to grab a quick bite. Their burger and empanadas are pretty good. Didn't like the filet mignon pizza much, as it has blue cheese on it. The drinks here are good and service was ok.笑
Last night we had the most delicious and delightful family birthday dinner ever!  When I made the reservation for nine people, including a high chair, the representative suggested we might like one of the private dining rooms.  What a terrific idea!  

The room was set with a big square table so we could all see one another, lots of room around it for the little one to visit us.  They encouraged me to pre-order a couple appetizers to share.  I chose 2 fresh seafood towers and what an amazing treat they were!  Beautiful presentation of lobster, shrimp, crab eggs and snow crab claws, with delicious accompanying sauces.  Yum!

We all ordered our favorite entrees, with sides to share, and loved every dish.  One of my daughters is vegan so our server, Matt, took the time to consult the chef ensuring no dairy or meat was used in her meal preparation.  I'm very impressed with the attention he paid to her special requests.  Even the kids meals were sumptuous, especially including the 'Amuse Boucher ' of sliced apples with caramel dipping sauce.  Wow!  

Chocolate lava cake to share was the perfect ending to a perfect dining experience, topped only by the lovely box of birthday truffles.  I cannot imagine a more perfect meal or setting in which to enjoy it.  

Thank you, Flemings, for another fantastic special occasion.笑
When dining out, I am a big fan of steak, and great service...Fleming's offers plenty of both.  

Having dined at Fleming's on more than one occasion, I can confidently say that they know how to cook a steak to your requested temperature.  At these prices, this should go without saying, but plenty of chophouses still don't meet this criteria.

All side dishes are a la carte, and on the large side, so I'd recommend sharing.  The potatoes and vegetables are always great dishes.

Mixed drinks are poured well, and not priced too crazy, relative to the entrees.  My staple, a Jack & Coke, was $7.50...I've paid more.  The wine list is extensive if you so choose.

Service was excellent, if a bit methodical...could be a bit more personal.

Four stars instead of five, because everything is just done well...nothing stands out as above and beyond, especially at this price point.笑
I decide to treat myself to dinner and I choose Fleming's as I had heard great things about this place. Wow! That is the best way to describe my experience here tonight. From the moment I walked in until the moment I left was great. Nick, my server was fantastic and attentive without being overbearing. Dillon, Nick's "assistant" was a sweetheart and the Manager Mark was awesome. 

I ordered the prime rib special they currently have going on and it came without  salad, main course with a side as well as a dessert for $29.95. I like the end piece of the prime rib as I like to have a little bit of a crust. It came out medium rare just like I like it and the crust on the end was perfect. The sauteed green beans were just a delicious and as well as the Fleming's Salad. I could have had two of those as that salad  really was that good. I only ate half of everything (sans the salad) as I wanted to save room for dessert. I was so excited to try the Chocolate Lava cake and I waited with anticipation to receive it as they are made to order and it takes 20 mins. Sadly it was not all that great. It may have just been me but the chocolate was way to bitter for my taste. I have had quite a few different takes on the Chocolate Lava Cake and regretfully this one was not a favorite. I did enjoy the vanilla ice cream that was topped with fresh pistachios though so all was not lost. Nick, bless his heart was excited to ask me if it was a good as I remembered it and sadly I said no. He immediately offered to replace the dessert but I told him no as I really was full and I was very content with eating the ice cream. 

If people watching during the week is anything like it was last night , then I will definitely be back again to try their happy hour, which is nightly from 5-7 in the bar area. It will give me chance to try some of their delicious appetizers and drinks for $6 each and of course to people watch :) Oh who am I kidding, I will be back regardless!笑
Tonight was our third trip to Flemings so I thought it was fair enough to add my review.

Flemings is just ok - more of a 2.5 than a 3.

Twice I've had the filet, first time was not cooked as ordered, second time cooked as ordered, tonight I tried the filet skewers, not cooked as ordered - not impressed with the cuts on any of my visits and they seem to avoid seasoning of any kind - meh.  The mozzarella salad on the side of my skewers was old with mealy tomatoes and wilted everything else.

A bowl of greasy homemade chips on the table - no thanks.  Short rib appetizer, nice portion, very tender, maybe just a bit too fatty, nice spicy slaw but a sweet watered down BBQ sauce on the plate that tanked the whole deal.  Baked brie was not as good as I can make at home with 5 apple slices and 3 walnuts - thanks cheapskate.

Husband had the lamb chops, not cooked as ordered but he enjoyed them.

Mac and cheese has been good every time.

Great selection of wines by the glass and I like the small plate + wine offering.

The service was terrible tonight but it has been every time I've been here.  Tonight's gal was friendly enough but she was absent and inattentive the entire time.  We ordered our appetizer 10 minutes before ordering our entree and yet just as the apps were delivered, I saw the kid with our dinners in hand do a quick u-turn back to the kitchen - hoping we didn't see him.

Don't get me wrong, this place isn't a total train wreck - I would certainly pop in for a glass of wine at happy hour and there are good deals to be had, it's cheap enough for sure...just don't come here expecting a top notch steak house - this isn't the place.

Case in point, we tried to get into the Capital Grille and Mastros tonight but they were both booked solid - no problem at Flemings.笑
I want to have every meal of the day here!

This was my first experience with Flemings and it won't be my last! 
The padres and I came here for an early dinner on a Sunday. When we arrived, we had the restaurant to our selves and settled in on our second table (my mom didn't like the first one) which was a comfy horseshoe shaped booth in the corner. I perused the wine list, which is on one of those fancy iPads, and choose a yummy Zinfandel that appeared before me in no time! 

I was trying to eat healthy and started with the Fleming's salad (candied walnuts and  cranberries!) and then had the New Bedford Scallops that were perfectly cooked and accompanied with a delicious lemon-honey glaze (my mouth is salavating as I write this). My mom was super boring and I honestly dont remember what she ordered, but she enjoyed it. My Dad, however, loved his dish that they only serve one day a week. On Sunday's they offer a prime rib special that includes a appetizer salad, two sides, and a dessert...you need to come on Sundays. This was one of the best prime ribs he as ever in the 35+ years he has been living in Arizona. For his/my sides he ordered the sautéed mushrooms and the BLUE CHEESE mashed potatoes! Everything was incredibly tasty and I still had my Dad's dessert to devour! 

For dessert, my Dad ordered the Carrot cake, BUT, my mom mentioned earlier that I was recently engaged and in addition to the carrot cake (which was amazing, the spice was so delicious and the cake itself was incredibly fresh and moist) we got to indulge in the super gooey Chocolate melted volcano cake (I couldn't stop eating the creamy center filled with chocolate sauce and I am NOT a chocolate person), the refreshing Pistachio ice cream with a yummy tuile (that's a fancy name for a buttery walffald/cookie/cone, thanks Andrea for helping me with my "classy" lessons), and, my favorite, the light, yet dense creme brulle...ugh, so good! Oh, and since they knew I was watching my figure, we also got to try their house made whipped cream that you could eat as a dessert on its own!

The food was fantastic and the serivce...more fantastical (even when the restaurant started to fell up)! From the friendly hostess who greeted us, to Adam, the server's assistant, to the BEST WAITRESS EVER, Andrea, and even the manager, Jessica, all were extremely friendly and really seemed to care about how our dining experience turned out. 

Five stars all the way!笑
Bone in ribeye very poor quality and overcooked     Poor example of a Flemings 
Server did a good job   Manager was poor at his job 

I Would recommend any other steak house笑
Wow. All I have to say is wow. I have been wanting to write this review since we visited last week and just haven't had time. 

My wife and I went last week for dinner and everything from walking in the door to walking out was a treat. Very nice atmosphere with great lighting and music everyone can handle (I personally like it). We got greeted by both managers and a cocktail server while they were getting our table all set up. Upon entering the dining room I was impressed by how nice it all looked. 

Our server, Amber, was excellent. Very nice and always smiled. She was always attentive to our needs and made sure everything was perfect. 

Drinks came out quick. I got a jack and coke and she got a blueberry lemon drop martini. Both were great. I had seconds :-)

As an appetizer we got the crab cakes and a ceaser salad. By far the best I have ever had. The salad was nice and crisp and the crab cakes were just perfect with an awesome sauce.

For dinner we wanted to indulge since we were coming here and I got the Wagyu New York strip and my wife got the Main Filet Mignon. The filet was incredible. Nice and soft. Cooked perfect. Couldn't have been better. Until u try the Wagyu. Granted the Wagyu is a better meat, it was easily noticeable of the quality. For sides we got Fleming potatoes and the Mac and cheese, which were both great and I had a hard time deciding which to eat more of before getting full. 

 And of course, we had to finish off with the chocolate lava cake. I know it is getting repetitive but, wow, best lava cake ever. And it was topped off with delicious whip cream.

While it is expensive, you definitely get what you pay for. We normally do Benihanas as out "treat" meal, but I have a feeling things may change. Thank you everyone at Flemings for an absolute treat of a meal. Can't wait to come in for the happy hour burger!!笑
The pluses:
- Amazing happy hour. Seriously.  The flatbread for a whopping $6 is enough for me for 2 entire meals
- Wine pours are $1 an ounce ($6 or $9 glasses) during happy hour.  YESSSSS!
- Staff: male = hot + friendly, female = probably also attractive (I don't swing thataway) + friendly

The minuses:
- Tons of people (a good sign, but not particularly helpful for me)
- Parking

Side note: the last time I was here, lots of people were trying to use gift cards, probably received from the holidays, during happy hour.  They do NOT take promotional gift cards  (like those purchased at Costco at a discount...) for happy hours or other promotions, so beware.  I don't have a gift card 'cause the happy hour deals are so smoking, I can TOTALLY afford them like a baller!笑
The chef Jerome is amazing. Never had a better cooked steak! The manager Kryii was superb. Flawless customer service by both individuals!笑
The law firm I work for decided to have our Christmas dinner here this year since we had heard great things. They gave our party of 12 a private room. The setup was so intimate (tables set up in a square) and allowed us to be interactive throughout dinner. Our two servers, both names Amanda, were wonderful and attentive. 

We started with every single appetizer on the menu. They were all delicious!!! The wine selection was great and the cocktails deserve 5 stars in themselves. Dinner was delicious, very well seasoned and made. You MUST have dessert because it definitely makes for a perfect dinner

Overall our experience was great. We all enjoyed the atmosphere and the food. This location was great because it was in a small plaza that was decorated for the holidays. It was gorgeous and overall an amazing experience.笑
The food was good, the service was ok, but all in all, we prefer Ruth Chris. We were celebrating our birthdays and we had a gift card which is why we went to Flemings.笑
Been coming to flemings forever now, in different states too. We'v had some great meals and not so good meals lately, the last time we came here it was medicore. We hope they improve more instead of going down hill. Would be nice see some more changes like it used to be a few years ago. overall its pretty decent at times.笑
Wow I just spent a week in Chicago where the food is out of this world. I stopped at Flemings after a holiday party. Happy hour was still going on. The food and service was A Plus. It has been years since I have been there. The bar only had 1 seat and was super dark. I was with my 88 year old mother. everyone eating in the very dark bar were so nice and even wiling to move so we could have 2 seats. All worked out well. Staff was so professional and nice, even though the place was packed. Great Tv watching for football. Beyond great service and to ,my total surprise the happy hour food was terrific.笑
Food was excellent and service was as well.  Went for my wife's birthday dinner with our kids.  Will definitely come back.笑
Ate here a couple times now.  My first time was  forgettable.  The few things I remember was nobody was there, and I had filet.  Oh and it was expensive.

Don't know why I came back but I did.  And then I came back again.  Service was great.  My drinks were great.  My filet cooked medium was great. The calamari appetizer great.  The chocolate lava cake, Awsome.

Overall, its a great place.  But for the price, I want amazing.  I will be back though. Only becuase it is conveniently located.笑
We went to Fleming's last Monday and really enjoyed it. Service was top notch. Our waiter, Booker, told us at the end of the evening that it was his third day without supervision--we never would have known! He was extremely knowledgeable, very helpful and courteous--insisted on bringing my daughter a new drink when she admitted she wasn't crazy about what she had chosen (she's 15), funny and personable but not overly familiar, checked in regularly but wasn't obtrusive. Manager came by twice and we got a lovely anniversary surprise of a box of truffles! Food was terrific as well, and we'll have to go back to try more dishes.Steaks were perfection; lobster was maybe a little overcooked. Only four stars because it was extremely hard to find, and we drove around for some time trying to figure out where to park  and where the entrance was--maybe more signage?笑
This place is solid. Everything on the menu is fantastic. We finally got a chance to try their happy hour which was excellent as we'll.笑
From the friendly greeting at the front door, to the cheerful bartender and our excellent server, Amanda, it was a great evening.

The Prime Rib special was a real deal and cooked to perfection.  The sides were very well prepared and seasoned.  The wine list had some very good wines at reasonable prices.  The new head chef, Nick came out to greet me and wish me a Happy Birthday.

Great place with a very welcoming atmosphere.笑
My husband and I just celebrated our anniversary and decided to go out and have a nice dinner at Fleming's. It was our first visit there and I guarantee, it won't be our last. It started with first class service from our waiter James the time we were seated. Even though it was our first visit, he made us feel as though we were one of their long time clients. His sincere attentiveness to our dining experience was felt during our meal. It was also nice to have the manager Larry stop by to check on us several times to make sure we were enjoying our meal. I think the last time we experienced that was on one of our cruises. Both he and James know how to delivery great customer service. Thank you James and Larry, we will definitely be returning to Flemings for our next special occasion!笑
This is one of my favorite places to dine when I visit Scottsdale.   Delicious food, great wine selection and a can-do staff who always finds that line of warmth and attentiveness without trying to become a member of your dining party.  Comfortable seating and great sunset views from the outdoor seating area make it high on my to-do list each time I return to Scottsdale.  They have no fear of going off menu for you and always do it very well.  In the dozens of times I have been there (and hundreds of times I'll go back) I have on one occasion gotten a filet that was less than excellent.  But just once.  This is why they get four stars instead of five.

The prices are steep and everything is offered a la carte but in the context of such a quality experience overall, I find it well worth the price.笑
This is a mixed review. 

First, the Good or let me say the Great! Happy Hour menu only in the bar is awesome! Burger was big and tasty! Cheap drinks and apps great combo! You may have to fight for a seat but its well worth it!

Second, the Bad. On a seperate occasion, specifically Valentines weekend, my wife and I visited and ate in the main room. Service was excellent. Too many servers actually. Then you have another manager asking if things were okay - it got a little creepy and overbearing. However, they were super nice and attentive. 

The steaks were good, not great, but good and at those prices the steaks have to be great, anything less is a disappointment. 

Anyway, we sat next to the Parkers and Sons guy who was at a table of four. They were nice enough but his wife/girlfriend? actually took OFF her shoes and was rubbing her bare cracked old feet at the table! That was nasty and did not make the meal any better. Now that is not Flemings fault but, with all these waiters and managers running around - I can believe somebody didn't says something! Maybe they were just as stunned as us. It was a bit too casual for fine dining for our taste...

Anyway, pretty good overall but, I would recommend saving some cash and just go for the happy hour....笑
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Flemings last night and considered it extraordinarily good value, as they happened to have  on offer a $34.95 prix fixe special:  8oz filet,  8oz lobster tail, soupe l'oignon gratinee, and French green beans:   for $35,  in a high end steak house! Wow!    My wife had that, and I ordered ala carte:  the bone-in rib eye [$47.50], the house jalapeño cheddar scalloped potatoes, and creamed spinach.  Once I tasted my wife's simply spectacular onion soup, I ordered that, too. I had ~ $75 of food and my wife's was prix fixe was only $35.  What value!  You can bet we will watch the website and return often when they have these specials.

For twelve years I lived in, and ate my way on expense account through, Europe [London, Paris, Munich, Frankfurt, Vienna, Rome, Milan, Budapest, Zurich, Geneva], and am a Les Cordon Blue schooled amateur cook.  I am a demanding diner.

The meat - ordered rare plus, was cooked perfectly and was delicious.  The green beans were similarly perfectly prepared.  The potato dish is an absolute killer.  The creamed spinach was excellent but could use much more garlic [personal taste, perhaps], which I am sure one could request.  The portions of the sides were easily large enough for two plus hungry diners and we took some home.  

And, oh, the "French Onion Soup".  I called it above "soupe l'oignon gratinee" not to be pretentious but to emphasize that this is the real deal.  It is very hard to find the real thing in the U.S., but THIS IS IT.  The bread used is the usual failing in the US, but this was perfect, as was  the imported gruyere.  Simply outstanding and as good as I have had anywhere.

Service was excellent.  My only complaint was when my wife said she'd like a glass of Chardonnay, the waiter immediately suggested the one that is $21 per glass.  This is one standard of Ocean Club that Flemings should scotch, unless, of course, the waiter says "i recommend the XXX at $21 a glass".  It is really annoying.笑
I cannot think of enough terrible things to say about their reservation system at this location.  I was a huge fan of Flemings and a very loyal customer, until now.  The complete lack of customer service and obvious practice of over booking reservations is beyond disappointing.  Looking forward to a nice dinner?  Bring your patience (and a snack).笑
This is one of our favorite places, not just because the food and service is so great, but, because the staff is just terrific. Mark, Cory, Tyler, Joey, Amy, Stephanie,(those are just the names I can recall off the top of my head) and everyone are just so kind and personable. We always have a fabulous meal and really feel comfortable and at home.笑
Came here for dinner and it was just ok. I would rate them at the low end of the high priced steak houses. The service was good but the food was just ok
We split a salad that was well..... average. Lots of onions and not a lot of lettuce.
One of the two dinner orders was the shrimp and scallops on grits. The shrimp was fresh and tasty as was the scallops. The grits were very good and cooked just right.
The other order was a filet seared rare plus and the Flemings potatoes. The steak was served warm (like it sat for a bit) and the potatoes were just a bit warmer. The steak was good but not great as were the potatoes and hotter would have been better. 
Desert was a creme brûlée that lacked taste and my coffee arrived at room temperature. No biggy, they made a fresh pot and fixed that.笑
Went to the DC Ranch location to celebrate my birthday over the weekend.  I had the Wagu New York Strip with Lobster Mashed Potatoes. It was  one of the best stakes I've had, and I eat many stakes. Great food and great service! They even give you some chocolates in a small box, to take home if it's your birthday!笑
After reading some of the recent negative reviews, I was a bit hesitant returning to Fleming's.  However, there proved to be no reason for this as dinner was terrific from start to finish.  Wedge salad as good as it gets, excellent dry aged prime New York strip cooked perfectly medium rare, great bottle of hard-to-find Hartford Court Land's Edge Pinot Noir at a fair price, fresh berries and chantilly cream for dessert.  Service was outstanding from server Heather and maitre d' Chris.  Seems they have raised their prices which are now in line with Mastro's and Dominick's ($59.95 for the dry-aged strip) but worth it as everything was top-notch.笑
We had a really lovely meal here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I had never been to a Flemings, but I was impressed with the meat.  The price tag matches the quality, but then I feel like there is no reason to ever eat bad steak.  I actually had the scallops, my reservations in ordering steak came from a dining companion who told me Flemings was owned by the same people as Outback.  Then I tried my husband's ribeye.  Yum... perfect in every way.  The atmosphere is exactly what you want in a steakhouse, dark, cozy, a little bit of sex-appeal.  We sat next to the wine room, which I thought was a little awkward placement for a group of seven.  But maybe that was because we had made a last-minute reservation.  I would say Flemings is a great choice for a celebration or an intimate date.笑
I went there with my family and in-laws to celebrate 2 birthdays and an anniversary.  Food was good.  Then when they brought the check, we noticed they charged my father-in-law $25.00 for each of his house bourbon drinks.  The waitress defended the charge at first, then came back and admitted their register was programmed incorrectly.  We then had to wait 30 MINUTES for them to bring back the correct check.  Making us wait so they could correct their  error was bad judgement on their part.  We used to go there a few times a year... think we will make Eddie V's our regular now.笑
Had a really nice birthday dinner here. A little loud inside, but the food and service made up for that. Rodger did an outstanding job and made us feel welcome and well taken care of. We both had petite filet mignons and shared sides of sautéed mushrooms and asparagus. Delicious! The filets were done exactly how we like them. A really nice evening!笑
One of the best dining experiences I have had in a while. Food was delicious. The bread and spreads are addicting and it's a love/hate relationship. I had the sliced filet which is a smaller portion but amazing with the porcini risotto and served with a little spice. My boyfriend had the ribeye which was incredible and asked for a side of the peppercorn sauce- wow. OKAY AND THE CREAMED SPINACH. I've never been obsessed with creamed spinach, I mean? weird. But this stuff is like crack. The molten chocolate desert was absurdly good and the wine we indulged in was fantastic (True Grit Syrah- Mendocino) Impeccable service. I believe our server's name was Tom and he did everything right. Made awesome suggestions, shared honest opinions and had great knowledge of both the wine and the food. But it didn't stop with him, everyone involved was great and attentive. The bussers and food runners were lovely as well, and then the manager stopped by to say hi towards the end of the meal just to see how everything went.笑
Really good, consistent, high quality steaks.  But I'm ahead of myself.  

Quick service at the desk, found our reservations and quickly off to the table.  Attentive, but not obnoxious waiter.  Gold star there for well trained  staff.  

Carpaccio was excellent, wife's calamari was perfect, not overcooked, just crunchy little pillows of tasty, tender, seafood.

Peppercorn steak, for a change and perfectly cooked rare, tender and succulent.  Just enough peppercorn to bring a little heat and tang to the steak, She had the salmon, also tender and perfectly cooked.  

Too full for dessert, but we did have espresso. 

Well worth the price, enjoy笑
My husband and I went here for Happy Hour on Valentines Day and I must say, we intended to have dinner as well but the healthy portions took us by surprise. Everything we ordered was wonderful. We had the classic shrimp cocktail (they actually gave an even number (4) instead of most restaurants that give you an odd (3, 5) amount so someone goes without. Followed by the Beef Carpaccio (fantastic). Then we split the Prime Burger (Bacon/Cheddar) YUM. An order of the Cajun Shrimp (perfectly spiced) and last but not least a clean finish of Seared Ahi. 

And you wonder why dinner was out of the question. Everything was priced at $6 including certain wine and cocktail selections. Well worth it and the happy hour is available nightly till 7pm. 

We are looking forward to returning soon for our main course and will definitely be back with some friends for Happy Hour!笑
1.5 Stars. 

I don't know where to begin. (Skip to TL;DR)

Service:
Our server was not very pleasant in the beginning but he warmed up and then followed it with passive aggressive attitude when our orders came out wrong, or didn't come out at all. 

Fun Note # 1:
One busboy said he was "too tired" to be working when my wife asked how his night was going.

Food:
My wife went with her typical non-steak choices: Wedge Salad and Shrimp Cocktail. Her shrimp were forgettable. Her Wedge salad came out with dressing on it, even though she asked for it on the side. When they brought it back out, it was poorly presented on the plate.

My steak was cooked as ordered, but did not have any flavor to it. It was just a really bad piece of meat. 

We also ordered a side of asparagus. This was a $10.95 mistake for us to share. My wife summed it up with, "my Bird's Eyes microwavable bag has better flavor." There were also two stalks with their flower ends cut off. If the asparagus is bad, do not serve it.

Soup:
Soup? I picked the French Onion. It never came. The waiter asked how our appetizers were, and I replied that it never came. He took the melted butter that he just put on the table, and said he would "put it under the heat lamp" while he got my soup. It's butter, just go get new butter! The soup still never came. Then he brought back the butter, which he relit, and said our food was on its way. The soup was eventually brought out by the busboy with my steak. I never ate it.

Fun Note #2:
The jerk of a server asked if I was done with my soup when I was eating my steak. I never touched it, and wasn't planning on letting my steak get cold. 

Manager:
The manager came over after hearing about my wife's salad mix-up to ask how everything was and to take it off the bill. He was very polite, and even gave us his card. (I don't think he knew about my soup.)

TL;DR

Jerk server; messed-up orders; food never received; bland tasting steak (maybe the cow's fault?) ; great manager笑
I wish you were able to give a 1/2 star, because I'd only give this place 3 1/2 stars.  The only reason I went up to 4 is because of the good service.

Fleming's holds the reputation of being a high end restaurant....specifically a steakhouse.  The service and decor definitely portray that, but the food doesn't.  It's not terrible food....but it's nothing to rave about.  The steak was cooked according to my order, but the sides we ordered were bland.  I don't expect anything to be bland at a nice restaurant like this.

There are an overwhelming amount of options to choose from in places to eat.....I did not think this restaurant deserves their ranking.  Not a bad experience, and glad I was finally able to try it......but I will definitely not be returning.笑
So made a reservation for our 44th anniversary.  Husband wanted to sit in bar and watch football, when we got married at the Bel Air Hotel in LA I had tonsillitis and hubby watched football on our honeymoon night on a Monday in our room at the Bel Air.  We had a  gift certificate from our kids--came for the prime rib dinner which we thought was $34.95 but it was $40.00.  Sat in the bar, prime rib was thin, not like the thick slices we enjoyed in the old days, have been coming here for 15 years more or less, called for manager to verify the price, she did come over but was cold and said they were going according to Corporate, when we checked in they knew it was our anniversary, yet after finishing our dinner reminded our waitress it was our anny and she gave us $25.00 towards our next meal---don't know if they still do it, but Morton's used to print out a special menu with our names on it and take our picture--Flemings---so disappointed tonight with the meal and your service---please review your service---I will use up my gift certificate but will not be going back to the North Scottsdale location!笑
Terrible Happy Hour last Thursday at Flemings.  We should have known it wouldn't be good when my husband ordered a Manhattan "up" and it was served in a champagne glass!  Did the bartender take Bartending 101?  The waiter asks, "what kind of garnish would you like in your Manhattons...an orange peel?'  Ok, whatever.  Look at the picture of the calamari appetizer...we've had it before...really good sauce on it.  Ours was totally DRY with NO SAUCE whatsoever...a few pepper slices thrown onto it.  Then we got the burger and fries, which was also very good in the past.   Not this time!  Plus, it was noticeably smaller than the last times we had it!

The kicker was that they ripped us off with our gift card.  I gave them a $50 gift card that has never been used...THEY INFORMED US THAT IT ONLY HAD $30 ON IT!!  Really???!!  (What is the probability that we would have previously spent an EVEN $20 the last time?!!)  Of course there was no way we could prove there was $50 on the card!  

Never going back!  Glad my gift cards are finished!  No more!!

No wonder the Happy Hour wasn't totally crowded like in the past!!

I originally posted this on the incorrect Fleming's location.  Right away the Manager from the Scottsdale Rd location called me and was very concerned!  He said he would pass it on to the manager at this location and have him call me!!  I wonder if he will!!!!!笑
I was looking forward to a great birthday dinner with the filet mignon and lobster for $45. It was dreadful. Three of us went to dinner and all ordered the same deal and we all arrived at the same conclusion. The fillet was more like sirloin and the lobster was inedible. It was small and dry. I actually feel like we were robbed! I will not go back to Flemings - It should be called FLUMBINGS!笑
I just wanted to take a moment and express what an incredible experience my daughter and I had at this establishment. I had made a reservation, indicating I was bringing her in for dessert for her 13th birthday. The hostess, server, assistant and manager all made sure to wish her a happy birthday, as well as brought her a card signed by the staff.  Even though we were not drinking or ordering entrees (aka - small bill), our server provided exceptional service. He even brought my daughter a box of wrapped truffles. This added touch - on top of all the other well wishes, service and card, completely blew us away. Of course, the dessert was fantastic as well. The chocolate lava cake and creme brûlée were some of the best I have had. And the basil pear drink - mmmmmm! This was our first experience at Flemings, but it certainly will not be the last!  Well done!笑
Delicious food!  Took the family here for Christmas dinner (2015).  They loved it!  We reserved our table well in advance of Christmas.  However, upon arrival, the lobby was standing room only and we were forced to wait 40 minutes after our reserved time for a table.  Not great when you're spending this kind of money on dinner.  The food itself was delicious, it always is.  I've eaten at several locations and the food is delicious every time.  Highly recommend trying the prime rib on Sundays.  The special is usually $29.99 - $34.95 for prime rib, side, salad, and desert.  Phenomenal deal!笑
This is not a real review but simply a comment about service.  I went to Flemings at DC Ranch this past weekend after a reception earlier that evening.  Because I had eaten earlier in the day and I was with a group of people I didn't plan on eating at Flemings but simply having a glass of Scotch on the patio.  
While we were being seated I asked someone who later I found out was the manager if he knew anywhere I might be able to find a cigar at this late hour of the evening.  We both speculated about the likelihood of some places in the vicinity being open and we both agreed that if would be a difficult task of finding someplace open nearby.  Upon which the manager  told me he personally did not smoke cigars but had one available that was a gift to him that he would be willing to give me.  I protested and was not willing to take a cigar from his personal property, but he insisted and I continued to offer my thanks but it was not necessary. I thought the matter was closed but a few minutes later he returned and placed the cigar, an ashtray and his business card down in front of me.  Impressive display of service.

You can be sure the next time I am looking for a good steak I will be thinking about Flemings at DC Ranch.笑
New Year's Eve 8 o'clock reservation. Started off very badly. The hostess was not friendly and told us to wait in the bar. The bar was so full that nobody would help us. At 8:15 I went to check back in and the hostess wryly said  "I was looking for you". I told her she walked right by us. I grabbed my husband and we were seated in a horrible seat. I refused to sit in the booth because the table came up to my chest. They put us at a table and we proceeded to order two martinis. The debonair martini, that my husband ordered one server and all of and of all things and onion!  Wth??? $14 for a martini and an onion.  I sent it back and I brought us another one not even with an olive.  It felt to refill the water and they're just very disorganized. I realize it's a holiday but next time I will go for Mastros, who always gets it right.  By the way at Mastros, they make a martini in front of you and leave the extra for you. It's like getting one and a half for the price of one.  Will Not be coming back.笑
If you love steak this is the place for you! The incredible friendly service from the sweet hostess to the servers everyone gave top notch service! The filet was seasoned PERFECTLY and the most TENDER meat we have ever eaten!!! We had stuffed baked potato and calamari. The atmosphere is relaxing and very inviting. This place is great for a Special treat to go on a date or celebration.笑
Another bad experience at this location!!  I keep telling myself not to go back and stick to the Tucson location but it was restaurant week and I couldn't resist.  We actually had a reservation at a competing steakhouse but I was craving Flemings and against my better judgment I changed our reservation.  Giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because the walnut turtle pie is still my favorite!  

To my surprise the restaurant was dead.  At one point I counted the tables in the main dining room and there were only 11 tables at 7:30pm. Biggest problem was that our server had at least 5 of those tables.  Erika (I think that was her name) was friendly and knowledgeable but her service staff failed her.  She got sat 4 tables within about a 15 minute window.  She couldn't keep up.  The food runners and server assistants were just standing around in the kitchen.  The female manager that visited our table was just as useless. 

I couldn't even get my water refilled and forget it if we actually needed anything during our main course.  The manager briefly visited our table to introduce herself but didn't even offer to send someone over to refill my water or bother to ask how our steaks were prepared.  Well...I ordered mine M and it was MW/well.  My husband ordered MR+ and his was black & blue.   

The meal was disappointing and the service was atrocious.  (Sorry Erika - I know you were working your butt off.)  Go spend your hard earned $230 elsewhere!笑
Came here for Valentine's Day with my wife - this was our second trip to this particular location.  Our service was great - the manager stopped over a few times to make sure everything was going well.  Very large wine menu, which my wife liked, beer options were a little skimpy (wish there were more local crafts to choose from).  We particularly liked the cheese spread for the bread and heard the couple behind us commenting on it as well.

The steaks, as always, were top-notch.  This is one steak you don't want/need to add any A1 sauce to, or anything else for that matter.  We both had NY strips...one of the best steaks I've had anywhere.  Cooked perfectly (as it should be, for the price).  As this is an a la carte ordering process, we ordered a side of asparagus, which was tasty as well.  The clam chowder I had before the meal was a hearty sized serving, and we finished off the meal with some carrot cake.  All in all, a great meal in a classy atmosphere.  

Looks like they have a prime rib special on Sundays that we are anxious to try.笑
I am from out of town and have a second home in Scottsdale.  When I'm in town I usually make it a point to dine at least once at this restaurant,.   I like the location (DC Ranch), ambiance, menu, wine list and service (outstanding).

I am becoming disillusioned due to the kitchens inability to cook a steak properly.

This is the second time I have experienced this issue.  The first time my girlfriend and I came in for the steak and lobster special.  The lobster was cooked perfectly, but the steak was overcooked.  We sent them back and this time mine was acceptable and hers was again overcooked. The third time for her was the charm.  The evening proceeded perfectly and the management graciously comped our meals.

Most recently I came in with a party of six, again for the steak and lobster special.  Again all of us that ordered the steak and lobster (4) had the steaks overcooked.  We returned them and the second time they were as we ordered them.  Again we had the meals comped that were not cooked to order.

Gilling steaks is not "rocket science".  I hope that management takes note of this issue, and better supervises the cook line.

I eat at Flemings for a variety of reasons, and getting a "free" meal is not one of them.笑
This used to be our favorite place to go for a splurge on special occasions, however, the last time we were there, they had changed their menu and replaced our favorite items. I loved the filet slices with risotto and chili oil, as well as the heirloom tomato and beet salad, and both are gone. Before that, the filet mignon skewers were my go-to item, but those have been replaced as well. I assume my favorites were not popular picks or they wouldn't have replaced them, so I suppose I can't blame them for that. I was surprised to see that my husband's favorite side, the garlic mashed potatoes, are also gone. It was good while it lasted, but we'll be looking for a new place to celebrate special occasions in the future.笑
Very nice evening - we sat at the bar on a Monday evening.  There were 2 bar tenders - guy and gal, neither were very friendly.  It was busy but not slammed and it amazes me that a lot of bartenders don't "get it" - we sit at the bar for a reason....to meet other people and to converse with YOU!  Anyway, we'd go back again.  I am a Concierge at a local exclusive resident's club.  I would recommend folks to this restaurant but not as a bar scene.笑
We went to Fleming's spur of the moment and rolled in there looking like biker, white trash. I was a little concerned that we would be asked to leave or seated in the far, back corner. The opposite happened! We were seated in the very front or the establishment and treated like royalty. The drinks were filled with fruit and delicious...I had a few "Farmer's daughter's" (lol, drinks! Get your mind out of the gutter!) . My husband had the bone in ribeye which he said was the best he's ever had and I had the filet which was perfectly prepared.
Our server was fantastic and really made sure that we had the whole experience. So, when I read that people were shuffled off to the back room because of how the look...I call BS. I walked in with torn, dirty jeans, a Harley Davidson shirt, covered in tattoos and was treated with respect, and like a valued customer. Thank you Fleming's, we will be patrons for life.笑
I will never again visit this or any other Flemings restaurant. The management at this location is horrendous. The server presented a solution to an issue, set improper expectations and returned to our table indicating that the manager did not even let him finish his sentence before he said "NO". Manager (Randy Canada) knew that we were having a horrible experience and didn't have the testicular fortitude to come to the table. Upon leaving I was met with a chuckle and a smirk, and handed his business card. Upon emailing him it took days to get a response, he refused to provide corporate contact information on 3 different occasions, and after a week, I needed to copy the President of Flemings to get a reply. If this is the type of childish leaders that Flemings promotes, that have no concept of conflict resolution., then we simply do not see eye to eye. I will never return.笑
A small group of coworkers and I went and enjoyed happy hour specials. Fleming's offers 5 options for cocktails, wines, and appetizers for only $6 until 7 p.m. Overall great food, atmosphere, and service. There were a few options for seating, but we chose to be seated inside at a booth, very comfortable and dimmed lighting. Attentive servers, dishes were explained well, and our glasses remained full. 

Everyone had the pinot noir and couldn't just have one glass. When it came time to order food, we decided to try almost everything on their menu. The Sweet Chile Calamari is by far my favorite dish on the menu. It is a sweet, tangy chili glaze covering pieces of calamari mixed with sweet peppers strips and pepperoni.  The Housemade Burrata was my second favorite thing we ordered. Similar to tomato mozzarella but richer... It is a spreadable, soft cheese made from mozzarella and cream served with charred grape tomatoes, arugula, and toasted garlic crostini's. 

We also ordered the Tenderloin Carpaccio was paper-thin beef tenderloin slices that were served with cheese, mixed greens, and baguette slices. The Roasted Butternut Squash was a great texture and perfectly cooked, but too sweet for my taste. The Pan-Crisped Pork Belly was loved by some of my coworkers, but I probably wouldn't order it again. Almost tasted like thick cut, chewy bacon with goat cheese. 


Definitely will be back for happy hour!笑
We enjoyed a delicious dinner and great service.  Its a beautiful restaurant with a great atmosphere.   The steaks don't compare with Mastros but the entire meal was incredible and we highly recommend it for a great meal.笑
We live close to Flemings. We have tried it 3 times and have had horrific experiences.  The latest being today Easter Sunday.  We arrived at 1:10 brunch ran till 3 - after complaint we finally were served at 2:50!   In addition we ordered an omelet, overdone and clearly sitting out, fingerling potatoes that never arrived, filet with porcini topping and broccoli I, filet served cold, no broccoli And when asked for the potatoes, they were mashed- sent them back and finally 5 minutes before "brunch " being over they said they ran out.  Really?  If you would have served us 45 min ago- maybe not????  we have had two similar experiences but were silly enough to try again!  What a waste of money and time!  Never again when there are so many other steak houses above and beyond... Get your management staff together/- otherwise charge appropriately...Arby's?笑
I've been a fan of Fleming's for a long time, but I think I'm done eating in the main dining room. Ate there with the husband last night, and my NY was so full of fat and gristle, I had to send it back. They quickly brought me out a new one -- too quickly. It hadn't rested and bled all over my plate. Plus this one was filled with fat and gristle too! I think they must save the worst cuts for their pre-fixe meals, which is what I ordered. So stay away from those I guess, even though they seem like a good deal. My meal also came with roasted brussel sprouts. I LOVE roasted brussel sprouts, but these were terrible. Horribly over seasoned and flavored with something so terrible, I spit one out into my napkin and husband did the same. Husband had the Wagyu NY and it was really good--should be for $57 for only a steak. We ate with the $40 deal, so that took the sting out of it, but still spend $140 for dinner which is just too much if you're not totally satisfied. Love their Happy Hour, though. You really can't beat it and we'll still be back for that. So, five stars for the awesome Happy Hour and wonderful Wagyu, but please stop serving crap cuts of meat for your pre-fixe deal and maybe investigate those horrid sprouts. Really disappointing. 3 stars at best.笑
This place was really pricey but extremely delicious! I loved their stuffed mushrooms as well as their filet mignon, minus the blu cheese sauce, ew. Everything was delicious but the portions were really small and basically a bummer because you wanted more and left with a half empty stomach. :/

I would go here for possibly breakfast or brunch but nothing that you would want to be full from. This is the kind of place that once you go here a couple hours later you're going to drive through In-N-Out.

Overall it was pretty good with high prices and small servings. Would go here again if I was in the area.笑
Every bite was delectable. This place also has top customer service. What a wonderful place for date night with my husband. Calamari was lemony and tender. Our steaks were perfectly cooked and the best flavor. Our carrot cake came with a side bowl of fresh whipped cream. Unbelievable!笑
Friday night we two arrived without reservation.  Hostess showed us to table in back of restaurant.  Noticed empty booth and asked if we could sit there.  Walked back to hostess at front and advised yes we could, then shown to booth.  Weak start to a good meal.  Restaurant noisy though not full.  Once seated water promptly brought but without requested lemon.  Lemon brought in wedges on plate at second request.  OK bread with two spreads.  Server and assistant introduced themselves, though runners brought food.  All friendly but never certain who was serving us.

Started with excellent wedge salad.  Asked to shared and brought on two plates.  Good blue cheese dressing and crisp lettuce.  My entree was a huge, delicious pork chop, cooked perfect medium.  Great flavor and taste.  Companions petite 6 oz filet cooked to requested rare plus but a tad over seasoned.  Served with small amount of good potatoes with cheese.  Separate order of outstanding onion rings; ample serving.  Asparagus were grilled and would have preferred steam as flavor lacking.  Table well manicured and servers attentive.  Service fine but flawed.  Steaks and chops are what one goes to Flemings for and they are great.笑
$42.95 for the summer special..a filet and lobster tail-NOTHING comes with that...except a salad(or soup) and amuse bouche. The filet was TINY...the lobster tail was TINY(2oz??) overcooked-tasted like mush..yuck. The asparagus($10.95) were good...would I recommend this...NO WAY...go to Maestro's!!!笑
We frequent Flemings alot and have since they first opened.  We have ordered a variety of foods and everytime it is perfectly cooked.  The service we receive is outstanding. We have never had to wait more than a few minutes to be seated.  We haven't ever had any problems with the food or service.
I think that this is a five star restaurat.笑
My hotels concierge recommended this establishment.  A point of caution to my fellow travelers; always be cautious of recommendations from your concierge, some have an interest in recommending certain places. I cannot say this happened in this case but if I had read Yelp I would not have dined here. 

When I called they said, "We strongly recommend reservations" so I did. When I arrived the place was barely  1/2 full. There was clearly no need for reservations (red flag). The ambiance is definitely classy, dark interior with perfectly placed linens and tableware. I wouldn't expect anything less for this area of Scottsdale. My server was new ("What kind of vodka would you like in your Mojito?"). Anyway, she was a sweetheart with a good sense of humor....and painfully slow. 

My steak medallions wrapped on bacon were good (the special that night). For the price they should be spectacular and a healthy portion. They were not. The menu is à la carte, I wasn't too hungry so just opted for a wedge salad which by its nature is nothing exciting. The crème brûlée was delicious and a large portion.  

The final total for two diners with drinks was $243. It comes in at a solid three stars and a solid ho- hum experience.  The place gives off the impression they are a Rolls Royce but it's really a Ford in attractive wrapping.笑
I must say I was pleasantly surprised by Flemings, they really stepped up their game and service.  I actually have eaten here couple of years ago and it really didn't leave me with a positive experience.  I felt places like Flemings and The Keg were not quite a top end steak house, but  just a step up from a Longhorns or Outback, boy I was completely wrong.

We ended up choosing Flemings cause my wonderful sister and brother in law got me a gift card to this place.  So we ended up coming here for my birthday on 12/26 for dinner.  We made a reservation for 7:30 and were seated right away.  The food, service, and ambience was all top notch.  Everything was great and I appreciate the great service.

We ordered the sweet chile calamari for appetizer and double thick pork chop and king crab for our dinners.  The server brought out two lobster tails at first, but I let him know I ordered the king crab, so we had a little hiccup, but the manager was nice enough to give us a 25 gift card for the mistake.  I let her know it was ok, just a simple mistake.  I don't blame the waiter, he seemed extremely busy and he really did a great job.  That's outstanding customer service!  Our drinks were constantly refilled and the service team did a great job checking up on us.

Overall, pretty solid experience.  A week later we ended up going to Dominicks for dinner, and I must say it was on the same level as that, (check out my later review).        We will be adding Fleming's to our list and will be coming back. I know Sundays they do a good prime rib dinner I've been hearing about, so I'm anxious to use our gift card and sample it. Overall I would recommend this place.笑
EXCELLENT SERVICE from the minute you make the reservation until the day after with a thank you email. Food just as good.  Word of caution it is expensive but I have no problem paying for excellent food and service. Way to go Flemings team. We'll be back笑
Server is great! The clam chowder is really good. Wedge salad is very good as well. Fillet is good and the prime rib is just ok . The best part is the dessert - I love the lava cake.笑
I don't know where to start. Let me preface this review by saying I spent many years in the restaurant industry. I worked for high end independents as well as in upper management for several national chains, so I think I am a fair judge of the elements  needed to provide a quality dining experience. I also have empathy for my brethren in the business, so I rarely do negative reviews.
I'm sorry to say that my experience last night at this Fleming's was very disappointing. First, the food. The Verrado mozzarella app was actually very good, the best item of the night. The salads, a blue cheese wedge and a Caesar were only adequate. My NY steak was ordered medium rare, came out medium well. Inexcusable for a $59 prime steak. I would add that even if it were cooked correctly, it was not an impressive cut. My wife's filet was also ordered MR, and came closer to medium. My baked potato was small and lumpy and NOT hot, inexcusable at any cost, but especially for 11.50. My wife's truffle mash  were acceptable. The bread that accompanied the meal was laughable. Stale and cold.
For some reason, they thought it was our anniversary and had a happy anniversary card on the table when we were seated. No problem, mistakes happen. They whisked away the card. No napkin to be found at my seat. Greeted promptly by the server who took our drink order and said he would be back with bread and water. 10 minutes later, one of the managers stopped by to wish us a happy anniversary, nice, but, as I said, wrong table. Bread still had not arrived. Server arrived with our drinks and said "Oh, I'll get that bread and water right over". When he checked on us after the first few bites of our entrees, I mentioned to him that my steak was over cooked. His reply: "Yea, the grill is really full tonight and they have over cooked a couple of other steaks 'cause they are so busy". Really? Give me a break, this isn't Texas Roadhouse. Did not offer to replace, although I would have said no because I just wanted to get the hell out of there at this point.
We spent $300 for this lovely experience. Never again.笑
Flemings is a safe bet...no matter where you visit. This location is very nice - consistent with all others! 

TIP: Not starving but still want a great meal? Fleming's offers a GREAT small plate menu. Favorites: beef carpaccio, beef filet with risotto and mushrooms, beets with fresh burrata and lamb chops.

Still love the iPad wine list. Had a fabulous, under-appreciated left bank Bordeaux.笑
It's really difficult to find a decent steak house in Phoenix. I have been frequently to their branches in Chandler, Scottsdale, etc., since I moved to Phoenix one year ago.

I was once a loyal fan of Fleming's steakhouse because of the comfortable environment and nice service, until last night when I visited the restaurant at  " 20753 N. Pima Road, Scottsdale, AZ". The service is incredibly bad.

I guess the reason is that my friend and I ordered a sort of "cheap" combo this time, the prime rib dinner offered only on Sunday and Monday? Come on, we just wanted to try that because you had sent me a couple of emails advertising that one. 

At the first beginning, all are good, the girls at the reception desk are welcoming as always. You guys even know yesterday was the birthday of my friend. When we sat down, things changed when I said we wanted to try the advertised dinner. *THAT* waitress immediately showed dirty looks on her face and even took the birthday card away rudely which was kindly put on the desk. During the whole dinner, every other waiters are nice, except our waitress, yes, *THAT* lady. That ruined our day.

I will never go to this restaurant any more, neither will my family and friends.笑
I was disappointed in their happy hour.  Mostly older folks and the bar is full by 5:15 pm.  The burger was really weak.  Hopdoddy, Zinburger and other places have much better burgers.

The chocolate lava cake was very good.

Also, I had a $50 gift card and they made me use the whole thing if I wanted to pay for my $35 bill with the card.  That's right, I wasted $15 on my gift card because I really don't care to come back.笑
A quintessential dining experience. A place, unlike many others that always gets it right...I have never had a poor experience dining here quantifying both food and service...sitting at a table or at the bar.

This evening I truly treated myself to something I simply never eat: twin lobster tails...Those two little babies came out of the shell and with drawn butter and with a side of creamed spinach..Let me tell you that it was to die for...

And then came dessert...Berries with chantilly cream...

For me and my stomach: it was an evening to remember: Thank you Flemings....笑
Great food. The steak, shrimp, and lobster was great.  


Our server Boyd was great. Very good server and checked in on us. 

The manager even stopped by to make sure everything was ok.笑
I wouldn't recommend it.  The place use to be very good and a favorite.  It was just an awful experience.  The food was below average.  We found hair in the food.  My water was empty for a long time.  They sat us outside.... It was freezing.... Trust me.  Save your time and money.笑
My verdict: Decent food, good service, laughably overpriced. I won't be back.

I will say up front that they showed outstanding customer service. I'd made a reservation but when my girlfriend was running late, I found that she had gone to the wrong Fleming's. They actually took the time to call DC Ranch and let them know she would be late, and when she arrived 45 minutes late, we were seated immediately. I was impressed: our reservation was for 7:00 on a Friday night and the place was packed, but they didn't give up our table. And throughout the meal we were taken care of in a professional and courteous manner. 

My steak was ordered medium rare and was overcooked, so I sent it back. It's the first time I've ever done that, but when you pay almost $50 for a fillet -- everything is a la carte -- you expect it to be perfect. By the time I got my steak, my date had finished most of her meal, despite trying to wait for me, and everything else was cold. She ordered a glass of wine, I had water. She ordered an appetizer for her meal and we shared two sides. The bill? $125 before tip, $150 after.

The quality of the food? The steak, asparagus and sauteed mushrooms were almost exactly how I make it at home, which is not a compliment to Fleming's. I'm a decent cook and buy my fillets from AJ's or Whole Foods, but I expected better from such a touted chain. Like another reviewer said, at these prices, I expect amazing.

There were four people up front greeting and seating. We were "touched" by no fewer than three different people as part of the meal. I realize that it's DC Ranch -- I used to live there and know what the vibe is like, people like to be pampered -- but c'mon. The place was overstaffed, which later made me resent how much I paid for the meal.

Then there is the black napkin thing, which was mentioned by another reviewer as a positive. Yes, it *would* be a positive, but we were actually asked by our first server if we would prefer black napkins. Pretentious and unnecessary. Just serve black like some steakhouses do and don't offer a choice, as if it's some big deal.

I eat at nice restaurants often, so when I say Fleming's is overpriced, I really mean it. I listed our meal above exactly, and tell me honestly, in Scottsdale, that isn't overpriced. There is a reason why they don't list their prices on their Web menu. Had I known the quality we would get for such high prices, I would have chosen Mastro's, Morton's or Ruth's Chris. As professional as the staff was, and as nice as the decor is, they have nothing more to offer than other fine steakhouses than higher prices.笑
Dinner at Flemings on Tuesday night.  Hubby loves the Scottish Salmon and I didn't know what I was going to have since I don't eat fish. I finally decided on the Free Range Lemon Rosemary Brick Chicken in its juices with Spinach gnocchi.  We also had mashed potatoes and string beans.  Had  the salad which was nicely dressed for me and sans dressing for my disciplined man.  
The Scottish salmon satisfied hubby along with the delicious string beans and they were indeed delicious.  The mashed potatoes were kind of average--don't know if they are from a mix or not since they did not taste like REAL mashed potatoes.  My chicken arrived like it had been trying to swim across Guantanamo bay and was still soaked from the trip.  What was supposed to be pan juices turned out to be about 2 and a half inches of broth--with white wine in it.  It almost covered both pieces of chicken (portion was more than adequate).  Floating in the broth were the gnocchi.  Tasted one and didn't like it then had hubby taste them to check my palate.  He neatly took his napkin and put it on his mouth and out went the gnocchi.  So I was not wrong.  Gnocchi are supposed to be pillows of delicious potato flour heaven in a  red sauce or any other liquid you want these babies to live in.  Not the case here.  I don't know how people eat them.  Or do they?  The chicken which had to be pulled "out of the Guantanamo waters" had little or no salt.  Ergo, little or no flavor.  Seasoning is everything and I know that the "chefs" at Flemings must know this.  Are they catering to the high blood pressure crowd of which I am not one?   I offered my dinner to hubby who despite his propensity to be able to "clean up a plate", decided he was not eating it after taking one taste of it.  So there you have it.  No dinner for me until I get home and have some Product 19 cereal with milk since I have no plans to start dinner.  
The cereal was good and for those of you who have never tried Product 19 it really is good not to mention all the added vitamins and minerals.  
Eating cereal was not what I intended when I went to dinner at Flemings.  You always expect high quality when you go to these steakhouses.  This one let me down.笑
4.5 stars. 

The other day I received a $50 gift card in the mail for Flemings Steakhouse. There has to be a catch right? Apparently not. I registered the card on Flemings website and made reservations for the following Friday evening. 

The gift card specifically stated "valid only in the main dining room" but I noticed that college football was on the TV in the bar. My dinner companion also enjoys football so I asked the hostess if we could still use my gift card in the bar, she kindly told us, "sure, as long as you order off the dinner menu." Perfect. 

I quickly realized that my $50 wasn't going to get me very far. Most entrees were in the $30+ range and everything was a la carte. I ordered the scallops with puff pastry and veggies. For my side, what else but macaroni and cheese.  The scallops were very good. Cooked perfectly. The puff pastry wasn't bad either. The macaroni and cheese on the other hand was sublime (I hate that word, but I couldn't think of another way to describe it). My dining companion also has a fantastic fillet and his sauteed mushrooms was a bit garlicky, but also very good. He had a fillet at Ruth's Chris recently and told me the Flemings steak won hands down. I knew I should have ordered a steak!  

I know that Flemings is part of a large corporate chain, and I hate chains, but I have to admit my dinner experience here was great. I just hope I get a promotion at work soon so I can come here more often, or maybe they will continue to send me $50 gift cards, but I doubt it.笑
Nothing better than a filet with his friend oscar on top. Well I guess if you place a couple tempura shrimp on the side...

And the best creamed spinach in the the whole world.

Hands down my favorite steak place.

Service, food and presentation.

The best!笑
Good, but far from great.

I don't know who was cooking that night, but everything was poorly seasoned! It was like they completely ran out of salt. Not like it was light on the salt, everything tasted as if salt was banished from the kitchen.

We had the prime rib special and I have to admit I was disappointed. I ordered rare + (just a tad over rare) but I experienced several places in my healthy 12oz portion that were raw. The other guests I were with experienced the same. I would still rate it good, but lacking a nice mellow beef flavor.

With the prime rib came 3 delicious sauces: spicy asian mustard, horseradish, and au jus. Not being a fan of horseradish, it was pleasantly surprised to find it light on the horseradish and more to the mayonnaise taste. Very well done, congrats!

For sides the four of us split the Fleming's potatoes, chipotle mac-n-cheese, asparagus, and spinach. The Fleming's potatoes were good, but a bit dry and very little of the creamy sauce they so tout. The vegetables were severely under seasoned to the point of tastelessness. Again, out with the salt. The only star was the chipotle mac-n-cheese, but it still need salt to bring out the flavor.

For desert we ordered the chocolate lava cake. I'll be honest, I'm not a fan of chocolate, but throughly enjoyed the lava case with pistachio ice cream and crisp cookies. Bravo.

Service was good. Our waiter donned a particularly humorous fake Martha's Vineyard accent. It was funny how the accent suddenly dropped when conversing with the other staff. Come on, the snooty Snottsdale attitude when out with the 90's.

While we enjoyed the atmosphere and overall experience, I can't say we will be back anytime soon. Fleming's is becoming left in the mire of the downfall of DC Ranch. Most shops and restaurants have packed up and moved. A bit depressing.笑
We've been to Fleming's numerous times for birthdays and anniversaries.  Amazing food and maybe the best service of any restaurant I've been to in Scottsdale.  We'll definitely be going back!笑
So disappointed in steak, which is supposed to be their specially.   Ordered it medium and it came to me "mooing"--literally raw inside.   This after telling us our table was ready but then giving it to someone else...Oh, and we had to ask for bread as they forgot to serve that in addition to a fork.  All this for a grand total of $260.  Will not be going back and will not be recommending.笑
Rating: 4.5

Yes, I came to eat here twice in a week... AGAIN. We previously dined at the other Scottsdale location. We just wanted to check out a different Fleming's.

We ordered:

LOBSTER TEMPURA - This came with about 1 - 2 lobster tails and tons of veggie tempura. This appetizer is HUGE. I filled up on this but it was really good. They could do without so much veggie tempura though.

BEEF FLEMINGTON filet wrapped in puff pastry with a mushroom duxelle, madeira sauce - Again, this is definitely me and my boyfriend's favorite filet mignon dish. The spices weren't evenly distributed though so some parts of the meat weren't as flavored as other parts. Overall, this dish was still good.

MACARONI AND CHEESE - This was good, but I'm not a fan of bacon bits on top of my mac and cheese. If you like that, then this is for you. 

CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE - Of course we had to order this! Especially since this is the second best lava cake next to the Culinary Institute of America in Napa. Delicious! And they don't cheat at this one. No hole on the bottom of the cake to put the filling in! I love bittersweet chocolate. Ummmm. 

Overall, I felt that out of all the Fleming's restaurants that I have tried, the best are in this order: 1) Nashville location 2) Scottsdale 3) North Scottsdale. This place is still really good, however, the other locations taste a tad bit better.笑
We had dinner reservations for our anniversary on a Sunday at 7:15pm.  We arrived about 10 minutes early and we were seated immediately, with our choice of booth or table.  The waitress (a younger girl) was very nice and patient while we decided on drinks and dinner.  She kindly answered all of my questions about the menu and was polite when I still needed another minute to decide.  I ordered the Farmer's Daughter Drink and it was delicious.  (It comes in a martini glass).  At first the waitress' assistant was refilling out water and soda every few minutes (not anywhere near empty even) then by the end of dinner we were waiting for more water.  Not a ding on the restaurant, just weird.

For dinner my husband got the bone in rib-eye medium rare, it was cooked perfectly.  I ordered the Sunday Prime Rib dinner that came with a 12 oz. prime rib with au jus, horseradish sauce, and the peppercorn sauce - (I also requested some bearnaise sauce, no charge), a salad, choice of any full sized side dish, and a full size dessert, all for $38.95.  I chose the Fleming's potatoes and chocolate lava cake.  The potatoes were good, but basically just scalloped potatoes with a hint of jalapeno in them.  The lava cake was delicious, soft and gooey.  My husband ordered the chipotle mac & cheese which was very good, better than the potatoes in our opinion, I just hate spending $9.50 on mac and cheese!  

At the end of our meal the waitress brought a "gift from the chef" for our anniversary which was a box of 4 large truffles and a $25 gift card good on your next visit in the dining room only, at this location only.笑
One of the least satisfying dining experiences my wife and I have had in a long time.  My Philly steak sandwich must have sat under the heating lamp for way too much time and something as simple as a loaded baked potato was cold and tasteless.  My wife said her lobster tail tasted fishy and old and could not eat more than a few bites.  She also ordered creamed corn which was loaded with jalapeño peppers which was not noted on the menu. We have been here before and never had a great meal, but  tonight was sub, sub par.  I suggest you go to the Capitol Grill where everything is always excellent.笑
A group of family and friends went to Flemings for happy hour this evening. We arrived right at 5pm when they open because it's usually packed for the good happy hour deals (which are restricted to the bar and patio). Plus we had a group of six; we sat on the lovely patio very nice ambiance and weather. 

The calamari, bread basket and prime burger were great. The house burrata was interesting, described to us as deconstructed bruschetta. The Flemings Salad dressing was a bit heavy, the Brussel sprouts were drenched in balsamic vinaigrette. 

The servers and wait staff were very great so professional and friendly. The food took a lifetime to wait for; while I understand we were a large party and a packed restaurant, we were also one of the first tables to sit down seeing that we were sat when the restaurant opened. Tables of 6+ near us also ordered, ate, paid and left before our food arrived...backwards.笑
I am suprised that anyone would have anything negative about this restaurant.  It is by far and away my favorite place to eat in the valley.  The steaks are always cooked perfectly and the service is impecable.  I failed to mention  that the staff is also very attentive and knows my name.  I have not found a favorite server there but they are all very good.  The wine list offers so many different choices it is easy to find what you are looking for.  And if you are a chocolate fan like me, you must try the chocolate lava cake, it blows any other cake out of the water!  I enjoy a more personal dining experience and not somewhere that is only after my money.  I love Fleming's and think you should all try it!笑
This was my second dining experience at Fleming's and instead of dinner, my husband and I came for Happy Hour. It was a beautiful evening, so we decided to sit on the patio. We had a gorgeous view of the mountains and setting sunset!

Our waiter was quick to arrive and super enthusiastic, friendly, and helpful. Throughout the night, every employee that stopped by our table was just as friendly and helpful. It was great service the entire night.

The Happy Hour menu is titled "5 for $6". That's 5 Cocktails, 5 Wines, and 5 Appetizers each for $6. The cocktails all seemed to be different martini variations - some with rum, others vodka. I asked about the Tropical Martini since I love tropical drinks (pineapple, oh yesss). Our waiter described it in great detail and said how delicious it was, so I had to order it. After one sip, my husband decided he needed one as well. 

For appetizers, we ordered the calamari, the pork belly, the burger, and salt/pepper shrimp with green beans. We also ordered a cup of the French Onion soup, since it's my favorite. The calamari and soup came out first. Our waiter split the soup into two for us, so we didn't have to fight over one bowl. It was delicious! The calamari my husband really enjoyed but I thought was just okay. It was a little too chewy for my tastes and the breading was falling off. 

Next, our pork belly, burger, and shrimp came out. The shrimp was delicious. There were five large shrimp breaded in a salt/pepper batter and deep fried to perfection. The green beans were also coated and fried. I really enjoyed the shrimp and could have eaten more. The pork belly was delicious as well. It came with grits and onion chutney. The chutney alone was savory and sweet; very tasty. When added to other items, it made the other items delicious. My husband really enjoyed the pork belly and ate most of it. The burger was good, but nothing amazing. It had cheddar cheese and bacon, which was a plus. We couldn't finish the burger, as we were so full from the other items!

Overall, it was a great experience and we will definitely be back again!笑
Great food and service. It will only be for special occasion for us because its pricey, but it is worth it. They made us feel special.笑
Came here on a Sunday for the prime rib special.  I had the prime rib... My wife had the fillet.  I ordered my steak medium rare.  It came out medium well.  My wife ordered her steak medium and it came out medium well.  The server offered to send them back but that's how food gets spit on... so I don't do that... Not to say that they would spit on our food but I see no sense in taking the risk.  

A steak house that cannot prepare steaks to the requested doneness isn't worth its salt.  The service was decent.  Given this and my past experience I won't go back.  There are better options nearby at effectively the same price point.