I came here around 7 am ish with the bf. I was super hungry and yelped for good breakfast around chandler/Gilbert area. I found henhouse cafe! I read the reviews and it says it's the best breakfast place in this area. Well they were absolutely right! Bf had chicken and waffles and I had their omelet with wheat sour dough. It was delicious. Everything was so fresh and tasty! Loved it with some fresh orange juice. Friendly waitresses too will definitely come back!笑
It was a little busy when we arrived but were told we could sit as we pleased. We were immidiatly helped and placed our order. After not waiting too long ,our food came out.  The food was all very delicious and different . Definitely  a new favorite breakfast place !笑
Great experience, staff was friendly and the food was incredible. They serve the largest pancake I've ever seen in my life. The chicken fried steak was fantastic笑
Sloooooooow!!!!!  Waited 30 min to get a table then an hour for my food. Waitress only excuse was "sorry we are busy".笑
One of my favorite breakfast places. Love the smothered potatoes w a biscuit and gravy. (They don't have it all the time) Oh sooo yummy! The pancakes are ridiculous, in a great way. Hope your hungry.笑
Service was slow, had to wait 30 minutes before I even got creamer for my coffee. Pancakes were not  as good as I expected. If you like cinnamon a lot then they are a good choice, other wise I would suggest getting something else. If you order any speciality pancake don't expect an overload of it. By that I mean I got chocolate chip pancakes and they maybe had like 7 chocolate chips in them. But they do have good bacon!笑
This place is really good and big portions!! Service was phenomenal!! Definitely recommend!!! 5 plus stars!笑
Omg I love breakfast food. Especially GOOOOOOD breakfast food!! I usually have their pancakes which are so sweet and delicious but this time I tried their Wild Hog Skillet (I think that's what it was called or maybe I just made it up lol) and LET ME TELL YOU, whatever that creamy, wet sauce on all that meat was, was so amazing  I hate being that person that gets the same thing every time but I think I might just have to be because it was so yummy I could eat it every day! Anyways, give it a try guys. Oh and the lady at the front was so sweet and considerate. Warm and caring customer service is always a plus!笑
The food was pretty good. I had a Belgian waffle with a side of potatoes and bacon. The potatoes were good although bland and needed seasoning. Not sure if they do that to cater to different people's taste to season to their liking. I loved the waffle! It's a good size and they powder it with powdered sugar. My only complaint was the waiter was rude. After we paid he got the check and he said "that's it? No tip? Well, thanks a lot. That's cool". I went to eat with family and they treated and I saw them put the tip... Im not sure if he felt unsatisfied with what he got and wanted more or somehow it blew away? I mean we did sit outside... It makes no sense. We ended up forking another five dollars which he didn't sound quite grateful for. The other staff seemed very nice though. Despite this experience I'll come back. Maybe next time I'll triple count or even photograph the money I put in for the check as evidence... good food and clean environment so I'd reccomend it.笑
Hands down a 5+ experience!  We arrived just 20 minutes before closing time so I was concerned that we might not have a great experience.  Nothing could have been further from the truth!  We were greeted immediately and in a very friendly manner - not the eye-rolling, I-wanna-go-home greeting I'd prepared myself for.   The restaurant is extremely clean and nicely decorated.  Our server, Candace, was fabulous!  She was friendly, knowledgeable, efficient, patient and frankly delightful.  Honestly everyone we came in contact with was friendly.  Now the food...oh my the food!  There aren't words.  Please see the pictures and know that it tastes as good as it looks!  You will not leave hungry; that's for sure!笑
Wonderful breakfast place. Love the burrito with sour cream. Nice service and great food. Love the giant pancakes.笑
I decided to give this place a second chance since the first time I was there was during a holiday and the wait time was expected. I was so wrong!! The food is good but the servers needs some major customer service skills training!! I felt like I was bothering him by asking for some water and maybe silverware since they have none at the table, I specifically said no cheese since I have allergies and my sandwich was covered in it!! Please listen and be courteous to your customers before you have no business!! Ps. Wouldn't hurt to smile either.笑
We went for lunch today & we ordered.  We had over an hour wait while others who came in after were be given their food orders.  After an hour 4 of our 7 plates were served.  The food was cold not even warm.  The manager had apologized for the long wait; then to be served cold food.  We got up & told the Manager that the food was cold and we left.  Very disappointing; I don't recommend this place.  It was the worst I have experienced. I had to give it a star rating-it would be a zero.笑
Unfortunately I had the same issues with service today as some other reviewers. It was fairly busy when walked in, but we were greeted and asked to wait a minute for the next table to clear. 10-15 min later after be ignored and seeing our future table vacant for some time, we were finally seated. This was only because a new group of people who came in after nearly got seated there instead and they said something. I had no idea they had kids menus which would've been nice to know since I had my son with me. We didn't know since we had to grab our own menus. We had to ask/wait for utensils.  Finally,  we were given the wrong check. Won't be returning.笑
Spur of the moment stop after noticing their signage from the nearby main intersection.  Went out on a limb and tried some interesting mixes for breakfast.  They also had specials which I was torn between. Did not notice any of the lackluster attention to detail or substandard customer service listed elsewhere.  My wife and I had a delicious meal and will return when in the area.笑
This was my first time here. The food was great, but not super impressed with customer service. They just rolled out pumpkin pancakes and I asked how much one would be as a side. Waitress told me it would be $2.49. When the bill came it turned out it was $3.49 PLUS $2.49--a $6 pancake! If I had known that I certainly wouldn't have added it. She acknowledged the mistake and apologized saying that they had just rolled these out and she didn't know it would be that much, but then said "Here's your bill" and avoided the table. I paid the bill, but I definitely would have appreciated them at least honoring the $2.49 they originally said or something--without the pancake my bill would have been $10.50 and instead was $16.75. That's a pretty significant jump. So not a good lasting impression customer service-wise.笑
When we arrived we were greeted and told a wait time of 45 minutes. 25 minutes later we were called. Our waitress introduced herself and took our beverage order. 7 minutes later our drinks finally arrived and asked if we were ready to order, we all placed our order in. 40 MINUTES LATER our food finally arrived! That took one star away! Our waitress didn't even apologize for the long wait. My brother order a side of pancakes that never arrived and my sister order cheese in her burger and her burger was all wrong. She didn't even refill our drinks, minus 1 star. I don't think will be coming back, we will Stick with our favorite Sunday place "The Good Egg".笑
Delicious. I got the Texas Benedict and it was awesome. My wife got a blueberry, lemon pancake with mascarpone cheese and she loved it. The side of potatoes seemed a little plain compared to the main dish, maybe some peppers and onions would help. We'll be back for sure.笑
Great breakfast, very nice staff and a very clean restaurant...will definitely go back笑
Excellent food!  Fantastic green salsa in my skills and chorizo in the Diablo scramble.  My wife is a Mexican food snob and it was beyond her expectations....especially for breakfast.

WARNING:  Now, as for the "kids pancakes".....they are ridiculously oversized.  They make for great photos and conversation and laughter but these things can feed four adults...I am not kidding!笑
After we had a good experience  the last time, we had family visiting.   So, we decided to take them to Hen House for breakfast.   Glad we  did!  We ordered a kids  chocolate chip pancake,  it was the size of a medium pizzza.  Then came the regular pancake,  size of an extra large pizza.  They were both delicious.  We were sate immediately,  and service was very good.笑
Average breakfast place that tremendously overlooks customers basic needs, i.e. Water, refills, service, etc. 
The is just sad to watch, they run around like chickens with their heads cut off. You can see the anxiety in their faces. Henhouse focuses on the quantity of their food opposed to the quality. I would say to give this place a try if you're willing to wait 30-35 minutes, and we waited 15 min just to be served with drinks. Overall, the food here is average at most and it shows especially in the service of Henhouse. It is comparable to your average Denny's, ihop or ma-pop breakfast/brunch establishments.笑
Don't waste your time.  Stopped in to try it out because I love breakfast joints.  Stood at the counter for several
minutes with the server standing 5 feet away talking to a vendor of some kind, after a few minutes she looked with her finger up as to say just wait and when I'm done talking to this guy I'll ask you if you want something.  Strangest thing ever.  I walked a couple doors down to New Mexico grill, ordered a breakfast burrito and we eating in 5 minutes.  This place is pretty small so the server saw me, the hostess saw me and the whole kitchen saw me.  Nobody lifted a finger.  Won't ever spend a dime there.笑
OMG, this place has the best breakfast ever! We stumbled upon this place while looking to eat a quick breakfast before attending a wedding in Phoenix and was so impressed that I came back the second day. I ordered the Strawberry and White Chocolate Chip pancake and also the breakfast sandwich which came on a biscuit. The fried chicken in the sandwich was the most tender and moist fried chicken I've ever had. The pancake size was bigger than my head and it could easily be shared between 3-4 people. I love this place! Please open one in LA!!笑
Just walked in and was greeted with, "Welcome, sit where ever  you like". Well, I would if where we wanted to sit was clean. 5+ (and counting) tables DIRTY with no one tending to them and they were not busy by any means. REALLY!!! Hope the food is worth it.

Ok so..., the food was good and i would return. However, to be great, please use a little seasoning. Maybe next time i can give a better review.笑
My friend and his family took me here because they raved about the food. The food is absolutely delicious!!! The portion sizes are massive. I had the chorizo burrito which was very good. The biscuits and gravy was also very delicious. The crumble French toast is out of this world. I urge you to try this place. Great prices also! Our server disappeared for a while here and there which was disappointing because it was early and there was only 3 tables. I let  it slide because the food is great!!笑
A friend of mine and I went to breakfast this morning at the Henhouse. We had our two little girls and let's just say the baby (3 years old) wasn't exactly well behaved. Preston was our server. He was INCREDIBLE! I've been to this location once before and had another server who was awesome as well. I was too fat and happy to make him a review, but for the record it's the other younger guy who was working today:) Almost a year ago I went to the other location and had terrible service. The only thing that saved them was their food. In fact I may have written a low star review. Anyhow, I work in a super popular breakfast place in Gilbert and this location is the only other place I like to eat breakfast in town. I have a very biased opinion on breakfast:) Preston you (and the other guy;)) are WONDERFUL and deserve so much praise! I look forward to my next visit!笑
Amazing service! Came here for the first time since mom and I were going on our way home after visiting Agritopia Farm. It was busy but the service and staff were amazing. Super friendly people, which made the experience even better. Holly helped us and talked to us a bit about the background of the restaurant and she was just as amazing. If we were closer this would definitely be our to-go spot. We'll definitely be going back. Thank you Holly!笑
Fantastic food. Never seen my kids eat so much in my entire life lol. I'm a head chef of a restaurant and have to say this was quite possibly the best breakfast food I have ever had. 5 star service, 5 star food. Definitely a lot of bang for your buck!!!笑
1st time we were going to eat at this location. We had a 10 minute wait, which was fine. It was very busy. Once we were seated we were handed our menus. Then that was it. A few more tables were cleaned and guests were seated. The guests after us were served drinks and some even got to place their food order. Still we sat there. Just staring at the menus.  I cannot comment on food as we left after 10 minutes of being ignore. We will bever try and eat here again.笑
Mandy is an awesome server!  This place is always packed, so it is wise to expect a 20 minute wait (amazingly, my friend and I sat immediately today at 10am, so you could get lucky).

Huge fan of the California Crab Omelette, so you really have to try it if you're inclined to seafood and hungry.

My best friend Tedy is partial to Eggs Benedict; also delish, she claims!笑
This is the best breakfast I have ever had.  I ordered the two egg, with has browns, home made sausage and subbed the toast for one pancake (extra $2.50 for this).  They brought out two massive plates of food!!  The hash browns were actually roasted red potatoes that were pan fried.  They were absolutely delicious.  The eggs were scrambled and tasted fine.  The sausage was delicious.  Where else can you get homemade sausage?!  Then the pancake.  This thing is the biggest pancake I have ever seen in my entire life.  Probably a diameter of 14" or something crazy like that.  It was very good.  They use sweet cream instead of buttermilk, so the pancakes are thick and taste a little different than your normal pancake.  It was still delicious and they also use real maple syrup.  My friend ordered the green chile pork skillet.  That had green chile pork, roasted red potatoes, eggs, cheese and tortilla.  Hers was delicious as well.  The pork was so flavorful and tender.  Service was great, our server was very attentive and helpful when we were looking over the menu.  For those two gave it 1 star, I am not sure what happened, maybe they were new and working out the kinks, but we had nothing but an excellent experience. I will definitely be back.  Best breakfast in the east valley!笑
The food is wonderful!  Usually a wait, but worth it.  The kids pancake is absolutely enormous and the kids love it!!!笑
I liked this place. Came here for Mother's Day and we were seated fairly quickly. I had the BQ chicken salad which was delicious except for the fact it came on spring greens. It weirded me out a little. My mom had French toast which I tried and loved. I'll probably get that if I go again.笑
This place got stellar reviews. I'm unsure as to why. I placed my order and I don't eat bacon so I requested to have fruit in its place. The owner said no. It probably would have cost less to give me the fruit than the bacon. 

Anyway, I placed my order and it took 23 minutes to get to me. The place was slow (8:45 on a Wednesday morning). 

The food is why I didn't give it less stars. I ordered the California Benedict (without bacon). It was delicious. However, the potatoes were tasteless and so under-seasoned. Plus, some of the potatoes were a bit undercooked. 

The waitress was nice, too, but I wasn't offered more to drink. The wait staff stood behind the bar jabbering for the majority of the time I sat there. 

Would I go back? Meh....probably not.笑
So I came to this place up the street from my house and immediately noticed that you can seat yourself. I'm not sure if this was because it was later in the day but it was nice to not have to wait. My sever came up and immediately took our order. Small irks here, I have a six year old and he can be clumsy, as most six year old are. So I was surprised that she gave him a giant cup with no lid. Also missing a kids mat with kid items.  I can see across my table and see a child about ten with one but not my little guy. That's fine,  ordered him a blueberry pancake. I ordered the southwest biscuits and gravy (they had me at chorizo gravy).

First off his pancake was buttery and slightly nutty and giant. Fresh blueberries sprinkled within the pancake add a nice burst of flavor. I have a good feeling the lemon blueberry pancake would be an even better choice. The warm maple syrup is a nice touch as well. 

My southwest biscuits and gravy were not bad. The biscuits while tender were pretty flat. Not enough baking powder I'd imagine. The eggs were perfect and the potatoes were delicious. Flat coins that were crispy while being fluffy in the center. The chorizo gravy had good flavor but had very little actual meat in it. The homemade sausage was a good thought but didn't have as much punch of spices as your store bought variety. The menu has me intrigued enough to come back. Also very good hot sauce collection.笑
The food at either Henhouse Cafe is incredible.  The pancakes are so gi-normous that I often will get an order to go and have that as breakfast for a couple of days...and snacks for those couple of days...and maybe lunch one of those days...and still maybe end up having one of the 2 pancakes remaining.  For under $10!!!

We love the place so much that we go every Saturday morning.  They don't even ask our name, in fact they ask us by name how many today.  They are always friendly and warm.  Some servers, of course, are better than others but they all project the feeling that they love being there.  I have my favorites here which taste incredible (Diablo Scramble is my personal favorite).

We bring all of our guests here.  And when co-workers from other states come to town I bring them here.  As a road warrior finding a great, consistent, reliable place for breakfast is a cherished find since we so often have to stuff our bellies with hotel "breakfast".

Love, love, love, love!笑
We had been to the other location on Higley and tried this location for the first time this morning. We got there at about 10:15 and there was a ~25 minute wait for the 4 of us. It was pretty busy. We got seated and when the waitress came over she let us know they were short staffed. We were already ready to place our orders by the time she came to ask us for drinks, so we went ahead and ordered. We ordered mainly lunch items - I had the BLTA with no mayo. I was skeptical that the waitress was going to get my order right because she seemed to be spacing out while I told her what I wanted. It took quite awhile for our food to us - ballpark of around a half hour. She, of course, put mayo on my sandwich. She offered to take it back and make me a new one, but I didn't want to have to wait another 30 minutes for a sandwich so I told her it was okay and I would scrape it off. She did bring me new pieces of bread pretty quickly which was nice. Food was OK - nothing exceptional by any means. Times before when I had been to the Higley location I got a hash that was SUPER bland - hardly any flavor. Their pancakes are ginormous, rather embarrassing, and pretty much a waste. I definitely won't rush back here any time soon.笑
YES YES YES!!!

GREAT breakfast at a great price!

First timer, got the chicken fried steak and eggs with potatoes and biscuit and gravy and its is SOOOOO GOOD!!!
The potatoes are amazing!! And they even gave me some burnt crisp potatoes!! I LOVE the burnt parts!
Bacons on point!!!
The food is GREAT!!!笑
My wife got an open face meatloaf that comes with eggs, and home cut potatoes with a cheese sauce that was Devine..  it was huge with plenty leftover for a snack for later.

I ordered the green chili pork plate and it was good, I would of loved a little  more spice but then again I'm not at a Mexican food restaurant sooo the spice wasn't a big influence, With that being said, I really enjoyed the dish.

I really enjoy this place, it gets really busy on the weekends so come early笑
I have no idea why people rave about this place.  Perhaps breakfast is good but the sandwiches and wraps are mediocre and the green chili soup was made with pickles!  When we told the waiter he just shrugged his shoulders.  The Rueben had very little meat on it and though I told the waiter to go lightly on the ranch dressing on my wrap, it was dripping all over.  Very bad experience.笑
Wonderful service and amazing food. "The Kitchen Sink" omelet was out of this world and I high recommend it!笑
We liked this place. Service was great on Black Friday morning. Food came in a timely manner and the coffee was decent. Get the potatoes extra crispy. Kids liked the French toast. I got the sausage Benedict and while it was well prepared, didn't care for the sausage patty flavor it was more like simple ground pork party than sausage. Otherwise we would come back.笑
Best breakfast place in Gilbert in my opinion. Prices were good. Service was good. We will be back笑
The best breakfast I have ever had.. in any town. Hands down. What a great surprise considering I had no idea what to expect.笑
Really enjoy the breakfast here. I've tried the mascarpone  pancakes (very good and huge), the chicken fried chicken and eggs and the Sante Fe omelette- all were excellent. For those who like biscuits and gravy, try the chorizo gravy- wow. The homemade sausage patties are the best you've had anywhere. When you're all done with breakfast, absolutely save room for the cinnamon rolls, which are unbelievable.

All the great food is complimented with warm, attentive servers. I've never had a bad experience with staff here. Really great folks!笑
I love this place great service, awesome food, the owners and staff are always on point and super friendly.  Totally worth the wait.  Chicken fried steak with a side of homemade sausage is my go to never missed the mark yet. Thanks for what you do.笑
Get one of everything! I have only tried their breakfast but it is awesome. Pancakes as big as pizzas. Great service too. I love supporting local family places. This one is now at the top of my list.笑
Wonderful breakfast place. Great food great service. We will be back. Worth the wait for a solid breakfast.笑
Second visit to Henhouse since it opened last month.  Both times business has been pretty brisk but no wait to be seated and the food arrived pretty fast.  Green chili skillet was really good as was the chicken fried steak. Not a total fan of the potatoes but I think that is just personal preference.  Staff was friendly, prices were pretty reasonable.  We will be back笑
Restaurant seems to be busting at the seams on Saturday and Sunday mornings. This place keeps busy, and for a good reason; people seem to love the food here. 

Others kept getting seated before us because we had to wait for a table (not a booth) because we needed to use a high chair for our baby.  I'm supposing this place could still do good business if it had room for 15 more tables (inside the restaurant).  Liked that there was the outdoor seating option- big picnic tables. But, I didn't appreciate the guy smoking nearby, especially because we could've sat outside and. Ot waited for a table inside but didn't want our baby breathing in that crap.  Maybe Henhouse can post a visible "No Smoking" sign outside. 

As for the food, I was wanting the Biscuit & Gravy breakfast but I ordered the Chicken & Waffle (with over-hard eggs, and 3 types of sauce- syrup, spicy syrup & gravy) and glad I did!  It was so good!    Way tastier than Lolo's Chicken & Waffles!!  I would get this again!  Waffle was crisp, not soggy. Chicken breast had a great seasoning taste & the breading was just right and crisp, too!  Powdered sugar added the right sweet touch. Super filling meal!  Finished the chicken but not the waffle & was too full to eat the eggs.  Eggs appeared to be cooked just as I'd ordered. My unsweetened iced tea was strong and fresh brewed. 

My (hard to please) husband liked the Country Burrito --he said it had a bit too many onions. Good for a big appetite.  Great suggestion from our server!

Mother-in-law had a Biscuit & Gravy al la carte. She wasn't disappointed. 

We had a friendly, clean cut, male server that checked in at the right times, kept our drinks filled & understood the menu.  Pleasant service. 

In my next couple of visits, I want to try the Biscuit & Gravy and the homemade Cinnamon Roll.

Thanks Henhouse!  Glad you're near our part of town! We will be back.笑
This place is very tasty and has an expansive breakfast menu. 

The buttermilk pancakes are huge, tasty, and super light and fluffy. The green chile skillet is delicious as well! It's served in a cute bowl, layered with potatoes, shredded carnitas, green chili sauce, eggs cooked to order, and cheese with a tortilla on the side. 

The only negative thing I have to mention is how long the wait is on weekends, especially in regards to how long the food takes to come out once you order. Slow. Slow. SLOW.笑
We arrived at opening time.  There were four young women starting their bachelorette morning, and the waitress was attentive to all groups and service was rapid.  There is just one size for orange juices, etc., which was OK, but a larger size would be nice.  My wife had the breakfast sandwich, and the Bacon was done to order, but the egg was over medium instead of hard.  Outside of that, everything was well prepared.  I had a scramble with jalapenos, chorizo, onions, peppers and potatoes with refried beans and a fresh tasting tortilla on the side. It was cooked to perfection.

Our wait staff was excellent, and I believe we'll make this a regular Saturday morning breakfast stop.笑
Quick review...I stopped in for breakfast during lunch and left satisfied.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy, which included potatoes and two eggs. The b&g was tasty but a little small in my opinion. The potatoes and eggs were on point. I added a side of bacon because, well who can argue with bacon.  Service was very good and the establishment was comfortable.  All in all it was a good meal at a decent price.笑
We were very disappointed in this restaurant. It was busy so we sat outside to eat. It took over 1 hour to get our food after we ordered. The general manager came out to talk to us and he was very rude. we were told that server came in and then walked out after 5 minutes and another server didn't show up. That does not give the general manager a reason to be rude to us. I will not go back. The taste of the food is important when you go out but so is the service. The service was terrible. To many other breakfast places that are good that you shouldn't have to put up with the rudeness of general manager.笑
Food is GREAT

Hostess station/seating is ridiculous.

Our party of three arrived at 8:50am. We were told it would be a 40 minute wait. At 10:00am we checked on the status of the seating and told it would be a few more minutes unless we wanted to sit outside. We requested in doors and said we'd continue to wait even though out 40 minute wait time had surpassed. At 10:25 we were called but seated at a table for 6 instead of three. The people behind us were a party of 7 at a booth for 4. 

Our party of 3 look like a*holes to the groups of 5 and 6 waiting in the heat outside.笑
Worst service ever, waited 15 min and finally had to get up and ask for help. The guy who helped us felt bad and did a good job. This place needs a manager who cares, plain and simple. The food was good but the rest needs attention.笑
It has been a few weeks since we tried this spot (thanks Yelpers!), so this will be quick review. The wait was less than expected for a busy Sunday morning.The server we had was awesome.  The food came out quickly, was hot, and tasty. I had the chicken and waffle benedict and my SO had the Texas bennies. The C&W were okay, I think they possibly sounded better than they tasted but that's my issue, not their's. I'm not a huge fan of gravy. The Texas bennies were really good... but SO thought mine was better, go figure. A cornbread bottom, green chile pork, eggs and sauce. I would order them again but will probably try one of the many other options that came out. I live vicariously watching other peoples food, lol. And BTW, the portions are HUGE. Consider sharing unless you want take home.

I think for the price, the service, the selection, and the quantity it's a very good option.笑
Delicious!!! I got French toast and some scrambled eggs... both cooked to perfection. Great place for families or to go with friends. Such a cute location... minimal seating however so there is a long wait for Saturday's and Sunday's when I tend to go.笑
The food is some what always good but the staff is usually always rude. The one on Higley and Guadalupe is definitely better than this one. So I recommend going there instead of here笑
Went there this past Sunday and let me say I was impressed. Loved the food. Great portion sizes and the pancake's are HUGE! Great little location, I just hope to get there early enough for the cinnamon rolls next time.笑
Let start with saying I waited so long for a to go order I memorized the Sloan on the t-shirts the staff wore.
" the cock may have crowed but hen DID NOT deliver"
The service here is one of the worst if not the worst I have ever  encounter That I am able to recall. Let me start with do not blame a holiday for poor management skills.

So now that I have vented, please let me tell about my experience.
After ordering food to go ( side of scrambled eggs, side of sausage and 2 orders of French toast) I watched  all the tickets in the window be cleared out and another 10 to 15 finally pulled off the printer and hung up  at his point 40minutes had passed since I placed the order. I ask the waitress to check on the to go order (I believe I had allowed for the holiday rush) she said yes she would, however instead herself checking she told a gentleman ( I believe was either the manager or owner ,since he was not wearing a t-shirt with the Sloan) whom I watch and heard ask the runners where is the to go order because he couldn't find it hanging up. The runner pointed to the counte/bar and which time he looked at it and walked over to me advising me the orders are taking longer due to the holiday. 

Again let me advise you don't blame a holiday. The problem was the order was moved aside and forgotten about (after my questioning it amazing showed up on the counter and was put together within 10 minutes ) so yes that is almost 50 minutes for me to get a to go order of eggs and French toast. 

I understand it was the holiday and I also placed to go order go on the same holiday at a restaurant called the broken yolk which had 3 times as many customers waiting to be seated, the lobby was standing room only and wall to wall people as well as the front porch was standing room only.
guess how long it took to get that to go order.. Can you guess ok I will tell 3 minutes after I paid for the order. 

So I recommend you send some staff down to broken yolk to see how they are to be 3x as busy and still manage to turn tables and tickets out in less 15 minutes on a holiday. I would think the profit you could make might be worth it. 

So to all who want to go here please be aware while the food is good the service has a lot to be desired and there are hundreds of restaurants that have both good food and great service.

I will not be back ever. I am from the old school I would rather pay more for the same item and great service than less and poor service. I am worth more and my time is very very valuable. Life is to short to waste it on poor service that I am expected to pay for.笑
Been here twice.  Love it!  Great food, service, atmosphere and large portions.  This place is a keeper.笑
Nothing can make up for POOR SERVICE! 

The host calls your name and doesn't greet you or say anything and just leads you to be seated. When we arrived to our booth, the table was sticky and waited for approx 10 minutes before female serve came to ask if we had drink orders taken. She took our orders and promptly returned with them. She was very friendly - to bad we didn't have her for the rest of our experience maybe we would have felt differently. 

Our server should bus tables or find a new profession. He came to the table while we were looking at our menu and leaned up against the booth. We thought because the place so busy and it's small he stopped there to let someone pass until we heard him say are you guys ready or should I hang out for bit until your ready? That was the beginning g if the end with his service. He never came back asking if we needed refills on coffee, how the meal was, only came over towards the end and wanted to know if that was an extra cup or if we needed coffee in a cup that originally had been served tea. Then while still eating comes over and says looks like your done I'll get your ticket. In addition to his he forgot items and we had to ask other servers for them.

The food was good and the size portions were big for the price.

Overall an unfriendly environment, serving good food but can go elsewhere for good food and GOOD SERVICE.笑
If you're looking for a nice cheap meal, Henhouse cafe is the place for you! ordered biscuits and gravy with a side of pancakes and it only cost me $7. The pancakes and maple syrup were very delicious! The only bad thing was that there was a hair in my food, otherwise I would definitely recommend it!笑
Agreed with some dinners.  Service is below average.  We were there first, but didn't get our orange juice even, for over 20 minutes.  The waiter kept passing by and said sorry, we are behind.  The food came out in a hour.  
I would not recommend this to my friends.笑
Another restaurant defeated by the giant pancake option on their menu. These take upwards of 20 min to cook and patrons end up throwing away more than 80% of the ridiculously gargantuan cakes anyways. What it does do is slow down food orders for everyone else. Waited 20 min to be seated but what was unbearable was the 45 min waiting for food after our order was taken. Food that came after was likewise served in gargantuan portions but nothing special in terms of quality.  Potatoes came burnt and unreasonably underseasoned. Not worth your time. I recommend checking out Joe's Farm Grill nearby. Still a long wait, but in my opinion far more worth it for the novelty of the nice little farm out back they have and the delicious strawberry lemonade! About the same price range too.笑
Everything we've tried has been awesome!  The snickerdoodle muffin and the pb and chocolate were over-the-top good!  Busy Sunday am before church and was told the home-made cinnamon rolls sell out.  It's a great place to eat and service is great; the servers are truly a delight!笑
Where to start...um these folks need a bigger space because Henhouse is off the charts!!!

Worlds largest pancake, see pic, and it actually taste amazing! 

Fresh scrambled eggs were spot on!

Thick bacon cooked perfect, not too soft not to hard...this isn't cheap bacon either!

House made sausage is my favorite breakfast sausage to date, in fact, everyone at my table set aside the awesome bacon to devour the #banginSausge! 

OJ in cool mugs, great coffee, laid back atmosphere, great waitstaff, and did I mention the XtLrg Pizza box for the to go pancake?!? 

Crazy

Oh, and the chicken n waffles, yeah, the chicken n waffles!!!!

Everything was great, my new favorite breakfast spot...great job henhouse!

Btw, my teenage son couldn't finish his plate....that has never happened lol笑
Walked into restaurant got seated .  Absolutely no greet; Good morning , hello, how are you.. nothing!  Was seated at a dirty sticky table.  That was my cue to leave but my son wanted to try the food, Our first time here.  I asked if our table can be wiped down , after she wiped table it stunk like mildew!  
Lost appetite!  My son ordered waffles, eggs , bacon.  He said waffles were not good, eggs were OK, bacon had probably been sitting awhile.  First and last time here.笑
I'll start off by saying the food here is yummy, and the owner seems great. I have spoken with him before and he seems like a good dude!  I wanted to share my experience with him today but wasn't able to. So I'm sharing it here with the hopes he will see it. So 2 things really made me mad today. I love good food and support local business, but I hate feeling like I'm getting cheated. I paid $5.99 for a kids meal (grilled cheese, a side and a drink).  For the most part a reasonable price, however I can name many places where kids eat free or under $5 and serve a ton of food. This $6 grilled cheese meal only came with HALF of a grilled cheese!!!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!  For $6 you couldn't put a whole grilled cheese on the plate?!?!  Then we ordered a side of super yummy fries. It literally looked like a plate of someone's left over fries. It wasn't even enough fries to share with my 3 small children. I don't mind paying for good food, but I do mind getting cheated. Please pay attention to your portions and fix your kids meals, otherwise we sadly won't be back.笑
After our bike ride, my wife and I called in and ordered a breakfast sandwich. I was pleasantly surprised that they had other bread options versus the first visit. I ordered my sandwich with rye bread. 

The marbled rye had a very good taste with the fresh eggs and homemade sausage. The potatoes did not have the salt they did previously.  

All in all, I am still impressed with the Henhouse.笑
Found this by mistake. Had to wait for a ride after my dr apt and it looks like there is nothing but open fields near my dr.  So I figured I would look to find the closest whatever and hang out there. Hoping for a cup of coffee, I saw the hen house right across the street.  And I'm so glad I did. It's a very homey feel to it and just fabulous! Food!  The portions are huge for the prices. It always looks busy and everyone smiling. I have to drive about 40 min from my house to get here, but quality like this is hard to find so I will drive... Had a blueberry pancake today and are you kidding me! Bigger then my head lol. Amazing!笑
Had breakfast here last sunday and was hoping to find all the great reviews accurate but the food was just unimpressive and flavorless. We had the french toast, Belgian waffle and a breakfast burrito. The french toast was strangely flavored with a orange liqueur taste. The burrito had absolutely no flavor, very bland.  Their southwest sauce was disgusting, it looks like they mix salsa and sour cream that end ups curdled. I tried the green chile sauce and it was just weird not a true Mexican or New Mexican flavor to it. Not for us unfortunately.笑
Food was delicious. Visited on mother's day and even with the line outside we were seated right away. Guess sometimes it pays  to have a small party of two.笑
What an amazing find!!  I feel service in the East Valley is very good - The Henhouse is FANTASTIC!  Ordered the Diablo Scramble which was amazing. Highly recommend this spot, looking forward to coming back and trying something else.  Do yourself a favor and give The Henhouse a try, you'll be glad you did.笑
Service was below average. Shock and awe of pancake size is smoke screen for lackluster attention to detail and customer service. Place not that busy so I assume that's why there was a lot of socializing amongst staff and kitchen staff seemed like they had a tough time getting orders right. Tried giving a new place a try but so first time will be my last time here.笑
Come here with an appetite! All their portions are good size and they dont fall short on taste or service笑
One of our favorite places to have breakfast.  It's almost always busy, so expect to wait a few minutes for a table.  Is is worth the wait you ask?  Yes, yes it is.  The French Toast has got to be my all time favorite, I got it every time.  The vanilla custard mixture it is dipped in puts it over the top.  Sausage is good, not the best I've had, could use a little sage to round it out, but overall it is a nice solid sausage patty. My husband LOVES and highly recommends the green chili skillet, potatoes crisp, trust me.... The OJ Is high quality served in a mason jar(cute).  If I can't have a great glass of OJ with my breakfast, forget it.  Super friendly staff, kitschy decorations.  From one restaurant person to the next the set up for the servers could use some work(this is for you....owners).  They have a few locations to choose from, choose whichever is closest to you as the quality and service is great across the board笑
We knew that we were going to have a bad experience when we were told that we would get water by three different servers and not a drop showed up. I had to ask the server to get the lady with the coffee pot for a refill after she walked past me twice without stopping. After waiting for over 40 minutes for our food, we already had enough of this place. Will not be back.笑
I can't believe we have never been here! We got the chicken fried steak, a single pancake, and the strawberry cheesecake French toast. Oh my goodness. It's hard to find good chicken fried steak that isn't dried out or tough. This melted in my mouth.  My husband has dreams about the French Toast.  The pancake has a perfecct buttermilk flavor. We will definitely be back.笑
Just tried this restaurant for the first time when I was in Gilbert this morning and I am so glad I did! Although there was a small wait they got us seated in a timely manner. The service and food were fantastic. Our waitress was very attentive and asked how we wanted our checks divided at the beginning of the meal which I always appreciate! The food was so good it made me want to try and recreate the recipe in my own home. I highly recommend this place if you are in Gilbert and want a satisfying breakfast or lunch.笑
Great little atmosphere. Last couple times eggs and one time the pancake, have not been cooked but would still return in heartbeat.笑
Awesome food! Went for breakfast at 10am on Saturday, so we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for two. Not bad. 

Had the corned beef hash, which was super fresh and came with sweet potatoes in it, which was great. 

My boyfriend got the green chile carnitas breakfast burrito - so so good. I'd probably get that next time I go. 

We also ordered a short stack of pancakes. Short is not the right word. These were essentially two pizzas stacked on top of each other. Huge is an understatement. They were amazing and had a touch of cinnamon YUM. 

Overall very cozy and welcoming. Will be back for sure!笑
We have enjoyed henhouse for the last year or so but today was awful. The wait to sit wasn't bad.  And it's to be expected anyway in Gilbert. But the wait for our food - that was (and has always been) extremely long. You guys also got rid of two classic delicious items. Grits. And shredded hash browns. What gives? Our waitress seemed annoyed to even be there. Scrambled "eggs" seemed to be beaters. Bacon was soggy. My husbands order was wrong. Overall - not good and we won't be back. So many other delicious places to go for a $30 breakfast.笑
Delicious! I ordered the chorizo omelette and it was super tasty! Service was great even with a full restaurant, I think my server was Shelly. She was great! Everyone seemed to work together and I never had to wait on coffee or water refills. Great staff. Great food. Reasonable prices.笑
My mom and I went to this restaurant today because we had heard really good things about it and it was close to our house. We were not pleased and will not be returning... 

Food: my mom ordered the crab cake Benedict and I ordered a breakfast burrito with egg whites (egg whites are an additional $2.50 just FYI).  The food came out very hot- which is amazing since we waited at least 20-25 minutes for it. The crab cakes were not good-they tasted very fishy leading us to think the fish wasn't very fresh. The burrito was good. Nothing too special. There were a few pieces of burnt potatoes in it that I didn't prefer but it didn't prevent me from eating it. Overall the food was just ok.  Not the worst part of the restaurant.  

Service: We were very disappointed with the quality of service at this restaurant.  They clearly don't have many expectations for their servers. When we sat at our table we waited 10 minutes before a waitress came up to us and said "what do you want to drink?" There was no hi or hello. We ordered drinks and then the lady had to come back and ask again because she forgot what our order was. We then waited another 10 minutes before she came back to take our order. She quickly took our order and was off. Because we waited so long for food, we got to observe a lot of the other staff members. Many were on their phones or eating while working. The people at the table next to us had to practically shout to get their server to come to help them at their table. 

In addition the restaurant was dirty- the table was sticky; there were many dirty tables that weren't cleaned until a customer asked to sit at a table; the bar had trash all over it; and there was a disgusting rag under the coffee pot that needed to be cleaned. 

We would not recommend this place.笑
Finally a great breakfast joint! I have lived in Arizona for 5 years now and have only found sub par breakfast places until we discovered this gem. Went on a Saturday morning around 10:30. The place was packed....for obvious reasons. We waited for about an hour (group of 4). It was well worth the wait. Definitely have found our new favorite breakfast place. You gotta order mommas pancake too. Feeds about 6 people easily.笑
My family and I were very hopeful that this place was going to be amazing.  We went for my father's birthday and were greatly disappointed in the service.  About 30 minutes after we ordered we noticed that the waitress had looked at our table and had a look of confusion on her face.  We figured this meant that she forgot to put our order in but thought "oh well, now our order should be in".  There were many tables of people who had arrived after us and had received their orders pretty quickly.  After waiting about another 45 minutes she came over and apologized that we had not yet receive our meal.  She informed us that we would have 25% taken off of our bill and gave us $2 in coupons (which was more offensive than the 1+ hour wait).  Finally we received our food.  Unfortunately we were not able to tell if it was good or not because it had clearly been sitting for awhile and was cold.  At that point we all just decided to leave.  We would have been more empathetic if the place was jam packed but it wasn't and with the length of the wait there were less and less people to wait on.  It was the worst dining experience I have ever had especially since we had such high hopes.笑
The menu is amazing, it's tough to decide.  Had the southern fried chicken and eggs and a giant pancake with HOMEMADE syrup and everything was incredible.  We will definitely be coming back next time we are in the mood for a great breakfast!笑
Sigh, this place is cool and popular. I gave it a mediocre rating though because I ordered pancakes that were so big they filled an extra-large sized pizza box. I'm not kidding. They were huge, so thick that they were unappetizing. The pancakes tasted like sweet bread.笑
Would have been 5 star if they knew how to cook eggs. Everything was great besides the hardboiled eggs on the benedicts. Good service, good coffee. Great potatoes. Omelette was good. Hollendaise sauce was good. I plan to go back and hope it was just a first week issue and the cooks figure out how to poach an egg.笑
My husband and I checked Yelp for breakfast spots nearby and found Henhouse.  When we arrived, we sighed:  There were tons of people outside, and we figured there would be a one hour wait.  To our delight, we saw that there were lovely family-style picnic benches outside where people were enjoying their breakfast in the winter Arizona sun, and there was only a 20 minute wait.

Once we sat down to eat, I noticed that the service was friendly and on-point, and Henhouse had some nice diner touches (coffee mugs that advertised local businesses, small town antique wall decor) but with fresh food and healthy options. The high ceilings also contributed to the feeling of space and relaxation, and our food was delivered quickly.  On the menu for this foodie with allergies:  Veggie skillet, hold the eggs and tomatoes, add some fresh slicked turkey. Plus, a cup of steel cut oats with both craisins and raisins, hold the sugar. YUM.  The potatoes are thinly sliced and pan-fried, and tasted too fresh to have come from a plastic bag.  Hubby had the two egg plate, and was delighted to learn that the bread came from a local bakery.  Indeed, the thick chunk of rye bread was beautifully marbled - none of that anemic sandwich bread for Henhouse.

So, did we like it?  Yep - we've been twice in the past week, and it's not the last time.  Even better, this time, when I suggested breakfast, it was my husband who suggested Henhouse.  Winner!笑
Came here this morning for the first time and I was very impressed!! It was very busy, we were told it would be about a 20 minute wait for 2 of us. We were kind of hesitant because we couldn't wait long but the hostess offered us a spot at the bar where there were 2 seats. Awesome!!! We got the chorizo breakfast burrito and the strawberry cheesecake French toast. The chorizo burrito was by far the best I've ever had!!!! I will definitely be coming back for that. The French toast was delicious as well! Great food and service. We will be back for sure!笑
Sausage is fresh, delicious not oily at all.  Green chili skillet is so yummy, potatoes, green chili, eggs and shredded pork!  First time there was Friday, craving it next day and had to go back.  Service is great too! Met owner and he is a cool dude. So happy for Yelp to have guided us there. Will be back no doubt!笑
We went for the first time today after a friend raved about this place. We were sat immediately, and the entire wait staff was very friendly. The decor is nice - spacious, clean, and just the right amount of kitschy. We did wait a while (30 minutes) for our food, there was some miscommunication between the waitress' printer and the cook, but they were up front about it, and the food was so delicious; definitely worth the wait! Boyfriend got the kitchen sink omelette, I got the Texas Benedict, and we split the strawberry cheesecake French toast.  Boyfriend loved his freshly squeezed orange juice so much he paid for the refills. 

We will definitely be back!笑
This is by far my favorite breakfast place! The food is amazing and ever since finding it, we haven't eaten breakfast anywhere else.  There is nothing bad on the menu and the owners are awesome- super friendly and they make the atmosphere feel very welcoming.笑
Terrible experience!  My husband and I ordered at the same time but my ticket wasn't put in to cook until after his food came out. They said my food was coming out very shortly. Also only part of his meal came out. I told him to go ahead and start eating because no sense in letting his food get cold. I kept waiting and waiting. No one gave us an update. He finished and a busboy took his dishes away. Still no meal. Finally, after waiting a long time, my meal came out along with the rest of my husband's. No apology, just blamed it on the computer. I asked if they were going to discount our meal. The manager came out and confirmed for us that it was the computer messing up. No discount. No apology. And they overcharged us for my husbands meal and argued about it. We checked a menu on the way out and we were correct but too pissed to care. Awful customer service!笑
Awesome food and service. We'll surely be back soon.Thank you笑
Hygiene alert!! So, Monday morning, super slow kitchen. Waited almost 30 minutes for my food. The meal was fine, and my server was good. My issue is with the hygiene of the staff. Gum chewing, wiping their noses with their fingers and grabbing glasses immediately afterwards. Absolutely gross. Zero hand washing. Coffee mugs were all stained and there was no indication of any manager present. The place is loosely managed with low standards when it comes to appearance, attitude and hygiene. This is my 3rd time here. I don't think I can go back.笑
Green Chili Skillet!!!  That's it.  First time we went there, the owner recommended and I have never gone astray.  Will keep it simple, the food is AWESOME.  Kids and wife love the Country Benedict.

Service needs work and kitchen is slow.  On one visit, we waited almost 40 mins for our food and we were sitting at the bar.  We have also tried calling in our order for pickup but they have never been on time when they tell us how long it will take.

Would be a 5 star if service and food wait times were bearable.  I will always go there for the Green Chili Skillet but I know to set my expectation.  Do not go when you are hungry and set yourself up for a wait.笑
I have only gone here for breakfast. SE Chandler needed a good morning chow spot, and this place fits the bill. Always great food and service. Nice variety from sweet to savory offerings. If you are in the mood for a hearty breakfast to start your day, look no further.笑
The food here is soooo good!  The pancakes are massive, bigger than the plate!  I had a scramble one day and the Cali Eggs Benedict on another day.  So good!  Their biscuits and gravy are divine! You've got to try the chorizo gravy, what flavor!  It's not spicy just sinfully good. Mmm, I want some again right now!笑
So I rarely venture out to the burbs that start with a letter G. But when your preggo bestie wants pancakes, you make the drive.

Let me tell you, glad I did! Naturally, the wait was a little long on a Sunday morning - but that's just brunch. While we waited, we were offered water and got to peruse the menu. We also got to observe meals being served in the restaurant. and let me tell you, the pancake that boasts being large and in charge is not messing around.

I had the chicken and waffle (DELISH!) and my bestie got a short stack which she had a tough time finishing mainly because they were huge and delicious and apparently you have to leave room for a baby in your stomach when you're pregnant and can't just eat all of the pancakes (bummer).

On top of that - we got the bill and it was CHEAP. Granted I may be jaded into thinking booze is a normal expense at breakfast, but it still seemed VERY reasonable across the entire menu.笑
Third time here, food was pretty good. But listening to the manager or owner screaming at the staff was really uncomfortable. It's not easy being a server and when someone is showing you disrespect, it can throw your whole day off.
I felt horrible for those girls. I noticed other people were talking about her too.笑
We came a party of 8 and sat down at an open table outside on a Wednesday morning while it was relatively slow. We were waiting and waiting and our kids were beginning to become restless . I walked inside and nicely asked if anyone was serving the patio and the older lady at the hostess station replied I told the waitress not to go out you have to come in and check in with me first! We don't serve u until u check in !! Wow scolded your paying customers not checking in when u can clearly see them sitting on your patio and not greeting your customers!!! Shame on you Henhouse!!! You have lost us as customers we will be going to the olive mill or snooze where they know how to treat customers!!!笑
French toast burnt. Service extremely slow! Food just Ok. I'll stay home and cook before I go back!笑
Wait was long, food mediocre, service satisfactory.  30-45 minutes wait for seating on Sunday 11am another 30-45 min before food came.  Crab omelette special used fake crab sticks - no real crab at all.  I wouldn't have ordered it had I known it was such low quality ingredients.  French toast just ok.  Wasn't worth the wait - their high ratings must be due to large pancakes which we did not order.笑
We had breakfast there this morning and have nothing but awesome things to say about it! We got there a little after it opened at 6:45am and by the time we left at about 7:30am, it was almost full, which definitely says something about it. My fiancé had the chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy and it was some of the best he's had in the valley. Also, their homemade sausage is fantastic. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. We've been trying new restaurants all over the east valley and have only found a few that we would go back to and this is definitely one of them.笑
I just got back from a trip around Arizona & New Mexico. On that trip we ate out every meal and tried the best restaurants according to yelp in all the cities we stopped in. Some were good, others were not so great but none were amazing enough to be memorable. After the trip, we stopped in to Henhouse Cafe for breakfast, not expecting much. However, we were happily surprised, the Santa Fe omlet was the best I'd had in a long time and the pancakes were gigantic and not bad either. All in all, out of all the places on my trip, this was the only one great enough to be memorable.笑
So yummy. Huge portions, good prices, fresh food and friendly service. It's our new breakfast spot!笑
My husband and I discovered HenHouse through a friend a year ago, and we go now more often than our friend does now. The green chili skillet is to die for! Today, I would like to recognize an attentive waiter, Mike. My husband and I noticed how attentive he was, to everyone, including our table. It's so difficult sometimes to find such an attentive waiter, especially during the busy time that we went today. I am in healthcare as a PA, and it is difficult to find attentive staff. When you come across a good employee, it's important to recognize them! Keep up the good work Mike and Henhouse!笑
Fantastic!!! Unique dishes and very friendly service. My first experience here was a great one, I will definitely be back!!笑
Judging on food alone, I would give this place a 3.5 or even a 4 on a good day. Unfortunately, the service standard leaves much to be desire and is riddled with what I would deem "rookie mistakes." Once seated, the wait time has been way longer than expected at every visit. With two hungry kids in tow, my husband and I opted for an order of the muffin tops they advertise to keep my 2 yo from gnawing off his arm and devouring the jelly packets. We let the waiter know as much.... but unfortunately, a half hour in, not only were we no closer to getting our meals but the waiter had completely forgotten the muffin tops. Another time, the same thing happened with an order of biscuits. On another occasion, when attempting to call in a phone order, I was hung up on 3 times and then placed on a 15 minute hold before hanging up. When I got to the restaurant to order in person and told the hostess and waitstaff, all they could say was "ya we are busy...I don't even know where that cordless phone went." No apologies... just disorganization. While I am super excited that this family run place opened in the neighborhood and agree with other yelpers that the food and portions are promising, they are going to have to figure out a way to manage their service deficiencies proactively... if you know it's always gonna be a 45 minute wait to sit, and another 45 to serve food... start handing out free finger foods in the lobby and giving a basket of biscuits or muffins at the table. At some point, if they don't figure it out, folks will start migrating to the New Mexican place next door (really great food with none of their issues)... in the long run, the pancakes simply aren't good enough to deal with the sloppiness elsewhere.笑
Food is good, but accommodation sucks! The Manager and hostess told us hen house cafe cannot accommodate big parties of over 7 and up, I watched them give tables to people who just walked in rather than keep the table open for our party of 8+ especially since our party was next on the list. As well as a party of 15 that was given the okay shortly after us. And don't expect your party to sit together....ours didn't on a holiday ment for family gathering. For the long wait and non accommodation, poor table seating planning...it's best to skip this place and move along!

Ps

Also heard the front greeter tell her manager,  "I give up,  I'm done! I'm done!"笑
Clucking Awesome! Even better than that pun right there (you're welcome).

As you can see from people's pics, the pancakes are MASSIVE. Unless, you have a family of 6 or are a world-class competitive eater, do yourself a favor and order the short stack (still too much for most mere mortals).笑
Great grub and wonderful staff makes this place a must visit breakfast joint in the north Gilbert area.

Local food, local people and a lot of local love.
Pancakes are SOLID!笑
So love this place. Great food, great service. Have recommended this place to everyone. Their eggs Benedict is the bomb. Their lunches are great. So good always have to wait but so worth it.笑
We had breakfast here this morning let me tell you the food is great. I had the barn buster 3 eggs cook perfectly two thick pieces of bacon, two home made sausage patties mini burger size, and a chunk of ham that was half the size of the plate with fried red potatoes and toast only ate half the food another days breakfast to take home. We also had the corned beef and eggs best corned beef we have had in a while at first with the sweet potato instead of regular potatoes I didn't think it would be good I was wrong it was delicious. We also had the chicken fried steak also spot on. The service was great we were seated promptly even tho the place was hopping at 8 am on a Saturday morning give them a try you won't be disappointed.笑
Had breakfast with my wife after she read reviews of the restaurant. The portions are enormous and the quality is superb. The staff is very warm and the place is excellent. I highly recommend the pancakes, but be warned they will fill you up quickly.笑
My family and I really enjoyed our meal and we can't wait to come back! I ordered the chicken fried chicken and it was incredible--the breaking was crunchy and the chicken was juicy. Overall the prices were very reasonable and the portion sizes were large! Also, our waiter did a great job and was really friendly.笑
This place is fantastic! Everything we tried on their menu was very delicious. We were from out of town and ate there twice. Neither time disappointed. What a great little restaurant. Loved the Texas bene and chorizo gravy- wow! Keep up the great work!笑
Went here last Sunday for the first time based on the Yelp reviews. I will say that this will probably be our new go-to breakfast place every Sunday with the family. The service was great, we were seated within 20 minutes on a busy Sunday morning. Mike was our server and he was absolutely wonderful. Very charming! He checked on us often & made us laugh with good conversation. :) Now on to the food.... Soooo good!!! We ordered a short stack of pancakes that between the three of us it didn't even look like we put a dent into it (they are massive- and for $8 bucks that's a steal!) I also had to get a homemade cinnamon roll because they are my favorite & I read that they sell out pretty quickly! You could tell it was homemade because the frosting was very sweet, it was more of a decadent dessert type cinnamon roll but nonetheless, very good! My mom ordered the chorizo biscuits and gravy, also something I recommend! Overall it was a wonderful experience, and we will definitely be back soon!笑
Yeah...uh...breakfast.  The most boring meal of the day.  What to have?  Eggs.  Toast.  OJ.  Bacon.  Really?  Every day?  Why is breakfast so boring??

No, breakfast is not my favorite meal by a long shot.  And this place really only does breakfast and some limited lunch.  However...a coworker recommended it to me.  Said they do it really well.  And given that my wife really likes breakfast, we'll give it a try.

First, the place is busy.  We've been twice and had to wait both times.  They have a good number of tables and booths, and some outside tables too, but it's still packed a lot of the time.  This is a good sign, really.  Means a lot of people like it.

They have a country decor. Reminds me of diners in the midwest.  Quaint.  The menu ranges from southwest flavor to classic breakfasts.  Not just pancakes (though they have them) but a lemon marscapone pancake.  Omelets of different types, a few types of eggs benedict, some different "skillets", as well as "chicken fried chicken" and some other similar items.

Last time I ordered the chorizo breakfast burrito, this time I ordered the green chile skillet.  We also ordered the marscapone pancake to share (both visits), and some other items were ordered.  The pancake is a unique flavor.  It's subtle, but distinct.  Very good.  I liked both of my entrees, and did everyone else in our party.

Good sized portions. Simple flavors but good.  Enough different to make breakfast at least a bit less boring.

No service problems, and they give certain groups a 10% discount (veterans, active military, and I think she said emergency responders though I might be wrong on that last one...doesn't hurt to ask if you think you quality).  The servers are running the whole time so you may need to flag one down rather than wait for them to come to you.  But that's minor.  When they do interact they were friendly and helpful.笑
I visited Henhouse Cafe this morning with my brother around 7:30 AM for some breakfast. We didn't have to wait and were seated promptly. The place was decently filled and didn't get too busy until 9 AM. Overall, the experience was great. Friendly servers, delicious food, and a great atmosphere. I think one of the best parts of this experience was that the food tasted like something my mom would make. It actually tasted homemade in comparison to IHOP for example (which I guess is expected when comparing a mom and pop to a franchise). Everyone in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying themselves.

I ordered the Mexican Benedict and it was incredible. The poached eggs went well with the spices and filling of the dish. I thought that it was unique that the cheese they used was a nacho cheese rather than cheddar cheese. I was given two eggs piled on all the meat and filling and was full with just one "stack." My brother ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken. He said it all tasted good except that the gravy was a little overwhelming so if you are not a fan of too much gravy, I would order it on the side. Regardless, the dish was still delicious. Lastly, we shared their special dessert item (I forgot the name) but it was delicious. It was fried and the inside was moist with chocolate oozing out.

Overall a great experience, definitely give them a try!笑
Visited twice in a week because this place is on point for breakfast!  Portions are just right and service is great. 

I had the crunchy French toast the first time and pancakes (which are huge) the second time around.  This place is definitely in return list.笑
Don't go to this establishment if you want to have a healthy option. I asked if I could create my own omelet, she said yes. Do you have egg whites? Yes, but there is and extra charge for those. Can I have something other than the potatoes that come with it? Yes, but that's an up charge as well. I basically got some avocado on my omelet for an extra charge without the potatoes. The omelet was just OK with sliced cheese on the inside and missing the green chili that I asked for. 

Also, I asked if I can have a small pancake for my 21 month old? She won't eat everything that comes with it on the kids menu. "Yes, but the pancakes are the same size regardless" (the size of a small pizza, by the way)... for a baby? Even a big kid couldn't eat the whole thing. Seems like a total waste of food. 

My suggestions: Offer a healthier option and maybe make it cost more on the menu if the items really do cost your more so you don't have to mention "extra charges" to make it seem less appealing. 

Also, offer an actual kids sized portion of a pancake. Maybe a few silver dollar sized would be plenty for a toddler a few more for a bigger kid. The one that we received was the same as a "side" pancake an adult would order. What we received was more than any adult should ever eat in one sitting. Sharing it between 2 adults would even be filling. 

I know it sounds silly to complain about portion sizes being to big but wasting food is a problem and I hate doing it. I wasn't going to eat the rest of my daughter pancake and it's not going to be good the next day.  Why isn't it possible to take the same batter and make a smaller pancake and charge a couple bucks?笑
Overhyped breakfast spot, unfortunately. We were really excited to try this place out but based on our first experience, we won't bother to come back. 
-you'll wait typically 30mins - 1 hour to get seated
-food took about the same amount of time to get after you ordered
-the food was nothing special (very average for breakfast food) 
-watched the server pour decaf coffee into my cup because she didn't want to wait for the normal folgers coffee to finish brewing 

Overall just a blah basic breakfast place where you have to wait way too long to eat. Just go to Denny's.笑
Great place great service. Id like to give a shoutout to a girl named isabell, amazing worker. Would highly recommend this place to anyone笑
Great good and average prices. Arrive by 8:15 to avoid the wait. Server was not that friendly. The food made up for it. Chicken and Biscuits were very good.笑
This place is eggcellent (sorry had to do it)    seriously though, check this place out. Great food and good breakfast atmosphere. There are a ton of good choices, and the owner cares and is personally involved.笑
I had the country fried steak and eggs.  It was good.  I would order it again.  The gravy was average.   Eggs were cooked perfect.  The service was outstanding.  We sat outside and the waitress checked on us just the perfect amount of time.  The food was hot and served quickly even though they were busy.  I will definitely stop there again.笑
Come prepared for a worthwhile wait for a table.  Friendly diner service.  Casual atmosphere.  HUGE portions.  Breakfast burrito - yum (ask for a box when you order it).  Crab omelet is great with side of fruit.  Who doesn't love orange juice in a Kerr jar?  We have had brunch at all the downtown Gilbert spots.  While we enjoy those eateries, hands down we prefer Hen House!笑
Food was ok. Seeing all my friends rave about this place and this place was just ok. Service was spotty and my cali Benedict was slightly bland. Their saving grace is the syrup that comes with the pancake. Both my husband and I felt this place gets a 3 star rating. We won't go out of our way to come back.笑
Hidden gem. The mascarpone lemon blueberry pancake was great, and I could only eat half of one pancake. The syrup that accompanies it however is disappointing, a watery but maple flavor. But the pancake didn't really need it anyway. Btw the kids pancake is the of the adults.... their homemade sausage had great flavor and texture.笑
Wow. What a great little place. Sunday Funday we just look on yelp for new places. So glad we stumbled on this place. Very cute and quaint. Portions are extra large. 
Our server Nikki was AH-MAZ-ING!!!!!
Will be back. Great start to the day. I'm full笑
We will definitely be adding this place to our breakfast rotation! The atmosphere is casual modern farmhouse (note the cool lighting over the bar made from water troughs). We were greeted immediately and given a wait estimate of twenty minutes but were seated within ten. The place is small but it didn't feel like we were crammed together and were able to enjoy private conversation.
Micah was our waitress and was outstanding. She was on top of her game and didn't miss a beat. My coffee was continually topped off and she remembered decaf. Definitely the kind of waitress whose section you hope to get seated in again in the future.
We didn't order the pancakes, which I guess they are known for, but we watched a family of four enjoy a single pancake entree and ended up taking half of it home in a pizza box!笑
I came on a Friday morning with my boyfriend and daughter. Ordered biscuits and gravy and French toast. The French toast was alright, too much vanilla. The biscuits and gravy were also just alright. Tasted like they use liquid smoke. The orange juice tasted like rum was splashed in there. It was strange. Probably won't return.笑
First time. Came with family and friend at 9:30am on a Friday,  and it's very busy. Food is good, menu is reasonably priced, and service is decent with all the customers. We're definitely coming back.笑
Food was ok but they charge for every single change. We asked for fruit instead of potatoes and were charged an extra $5.58. We asked to put cheddar cheese instead of Swiss and were charged additional .99. Our bill for 2 simple breakfasts was $39.55. Way too expensive so most likely will never come back here.笑
Unbelievable crab cake Benedict right here in AZ!! And the biggest chocolate chip pancake I have ever seen!! Great home cooking for our entire family of six and courteous fast service!! Recommend highly!笑
I had to downgrade my previous 5 star rating based on a recent visit that was fraught with problems.  I wish I could give a better rating and I sure hope my latest experience was only a temporary downturn for this restaurant.

On a very busy day (Memorial Day) I visited with my parents and wife.  We were told there was a 45 minute wait and we thought that was OK, since it was obviously busy.  However, we were called to our table LONG after 45 minutes had elapsed.  As a side note - the tables didn't seem to be managed very well - some sat empty for what seemed a long time even though patrons were waiting.  Lisa came to take our drink orders but told us she wasn't our waitress.  We were ready to order since we'd had nearly forever to look at the menu and our waitress never showed!   After a while Lisa returned to the table and told us that she actually was our waitress and took our orders.  It was about 12:50, two hours after we first arrived, when the food finally came.  Several other tables that were seated after us received their orders while we waited.  

We asked for the manager and the check because we had a 1:30 appointment.  My wife's waffle was tough (how does that happen?), she wasn't served the eggs that she had ordered, and the blueberries appeared previously frozen though they had claimed fresh.  The rest of the meals were not in error, but potatoes served with them were a bit under done.  

To the restaurant's credit, Lisa's manager was receptive to our complaints and apologetic -  he discounted the bill to make up for our lost morning and listened to us.  To her credit, Lisa was super pleasant and apologetic.  I don't think that she has the blame.  Still, there's some blame that falls on the staff - someone should have set expectations appropriately, managed the work load for the kitchen, and rode quality control on the orders.  I'm going to hope this was a rogue wave of staff absences and high demand that put this place off its rails.笑
Was not happy with the food or the service, for one our food took almost forty five minutes from the time we ordered, and the potatoes were under cooked, not a good experience, our waiter wasn't very acomadating笑
Great breakfast place here in Gilbert. Customer service was awesome. They knew their stuff and were pretty quick. I ordered moms pancakes. They say they are big, but I didn't believe them. I mean, they were only $8. They couldn't be that big, right? Let me tell you, they were serious. It comes with two pancakes the size of a pizza. In fact, they give you a pizza box to take home your leftovers. They are so big that you should have your picture taken if you finish them. I will be back and order something a little smaller next time. Great little find.笑
Great food! Good coffee! But service not so good. They seem very unorganized of which tables are theirs to serve. Or maybe their sections are too spread out from each other. Pancakes were absolutely perfect though!笑
Best chicken fried steak I've found since Bill johnsons closed. The house sausage is a must also. Service is outstanding. I will be a regular!笑
Came here for breakfast while visiting my dad. There was a wait, but we were seated much faster than the quoted wait time of 30-45 minutes. The service was fair. I think the wait time to order drinks and the wait time for the food were a bit too long. I ordered the Cali Benedict and it was delish! Eggs were very flavorful and the hollandaise was good. I would have liked a little more sauce and more avocado though. The potatoes were amazing also! My husband had the diablo scramble and he loved it. Overall yummy place!!笑
Been here twice now, once today and once about a year ago. Great value, good variety on menu. Will be back again soon笑
Sweet baby jesus.......

Someone in the kitchen here must really like limes. I was in here yesterday morning for breakfast between jobs and ordered the Santa Fe omelette. Oh my lawd was the guacamole bad. It was loaded with so much lime juice, I couldn't eat it. I am an avid guacamole eater and this was by far the worst I've ever eaten. I love limes and all but someone in that kitchen must love them far more than I do. Or, they were simply having a bad day and just decided to beat the life out of some limes. I mean, it was sickening.

The coffee? Stop. Stop it right now. It was horrendous. Perhaps some of the worst coffee I've ever had and that is a BOLD statement. I have had some bad coffee in my lifetime but this was as if the devil himself brewed it. I couldn't believe it. In the time I was there eating, I noticed six or seven parties sit down and ONLY order water. What?! No coffee drinkers in any of those groups? Well, perhaps they don't like coffee but I think they knew what I didn't before I sat down -- that the coffee was gross. It was so bad that I had to hold my nose in order to drink it. I'm not someone who wastes food/drink and always finish what I'm given but this unbearable. As if the angry kitchen staff brewed the coffee with toilet water.

Wait a moment.. what about the staff? There were two servers that were very nice and hats off to them but there were two women (whom looked like sisters) that walked around as if they were in the mood to murder. They had the most hateful looks on their faces, I was actually scared to bother them for something. "Excuse me miss. May I have a cup of water?" WWWWHAAAAAATTTT?! NO! NO WATER, DANIEL! NO WATER FOR YOU! ASK AGAIN AND I WILL KILL YOU! Well, that's not exactly how she said it but close enough.

I was dining by myself as a 1-top so I think perhaps I received half ass service because the server thought she wasn't going to get a tip? Well, I still left her a $7 tip on a $13 bill. No thank you or smile from her. Just a very submissive "take care". So, if you are dining alone or perhaps with just yourself and someone else, you will not be getting the same service as a table with 5 or 6. It's absolutely deplorable. As a business owner myself, it's appalling to know these women have jobs still. They're certainly not doing 110% work, so why not have someone else do it for them? There are people who will kill for that job. Stop taking it for granted, woman.

There are too many businesses in the area that are open for breakfast and lunch and will most definitely not be coming back here. I prefer to spend my money at the establishments that appreciate my money and where they don't try to poison you with lime juice.

*gag*


(I noticed that I am like the only one to ever have a bad experience here among all of the Yelpers who reviewed this joint. Strange. It's as if the coffee they were served hypnotized them into writing a wonderful review. But, not me. Mr. Devil, I will not fall for your hypnotic tricks!!)笑
Have been here 3 or 4 times and everything I have tried has been very good. The service is excellent as well. The only downside is that they are so busy on Saturday mornings that there can be a wait.笑
Food was ok. Service was so-so. Nothing special. 
The women's bathroom door was locked and they had to search for the key. Nothing dramatic. Just, blah.笑
This place was amazing. Hospitality was great and food was amazing as well. Pancakes are huge and I pretty much had the best skillet ever too. I highly recommend this place.笑
Outside seating picnic tables that seat 6 people are ridiculous.  All of them were filled with 2 or 3 people and 20 people waiting to be seated. "If" they put smaller tables outside, not so many people would be on the wait list. Just sayin.笑
First time here today and won't be the last! Quality food at excellent food, service and ambiance.笑
Stopped in for breakfast this morning. I had the French toast and a scrambled egg. The egg was not cooked enough in my opinion. The waitress was really busy, and never came back to see how our food was. The French toast was just ok. I get that people like this because it has that local small town homemade feel to it, but I am not going back. Service was meh, food just ok, if that, and it is super loud.笑
Tasty combinations are offered at the Henhouse. I can't believe the size of the HUGE pancake. It's as big as a pizza and could feed a bunch of little kids!

The eggs Benedict were delicious. The breakfast sandwiches were excellent. Typical breakfast fare (bacon, eggs, pancakes) were done well.

It's definitely one or two steps above Denny's. The decor is pleasant and the staff are accommodating and knowledgeable.  They offer both indoor and outdoor seating.

Expect a wait during peak times, i.e. Saturday morning.  You'll enjoy the food and may leave with leftovers because the portions are very generous.笑
Pretty good breakfast menu.
Kind and nice people.
Great pancakes you should try.. They are huge!!

However笑
Very disappointed in my experience here yesterday.  Upon being seated we were placed at a very sticky and dirty table and had to ask for it to be washed.

I ordered a fall special menu item, the fall breakfast sandwich which boasted of bacon, fried green tomatoes and grilled sourdough bread.  What I received instead was cold, limp bread still frozen in the middle, fatty ham and regular tomatoes and way too much mayo 

When I pointed it out to my server he took my plate away and took the meal off my bill.  However he still charged me for the muffin which wasn't what I ordered either, they were out of the two I preferred.  I was surprised that he didn't offer me a new meal.  I also need to point out he never once checked on us, our water was empty and we kept trying to flag him down so I could let him know about the error.

It was very disappointing because what we did taste was delicious. (The potatoes and the muffin) But a menu item shouldn't be offered with no intention of serving it correctly.笑
This was our first time at the Henhouse Cafe. The food was amazing. I had the country benedict. It was so filling. Its hard to find biscuits and gravy that good. I can't wait to come back again.

Our server was Dawn. She was a peach!

We will definitely be coming back笑
So disappointing.  Have been a steady regular last 6 months.  Today frozen/cold potatoes on both of our breakfasts, which made me aware that their "scratch" fried potatoes are really pre-cooked and "fried" on the grill.  

To remedy the situation two hot blobs of mushy pre cooked not really fried potatoes totally lacking in taste provided.  Must have had their 'c' team cooking.  Thought the server might do more by comping part of the meal, offering something additional, but she didn't. 

Oh well my money spends just fine at the many, many other breakfast joints in the area........笑
Best breakfast and brunch spot. Never have to wait longer than 10-15 minutes to be seated despite how busy they may look. Crunchy French toast is a must :)笑
Great breakfast / lunch spot.
There is a wait but its worth it. Pancakes bigger than a full size dinner plate. Many varieties of eggs Benedict too.笑
Excellent pancakes. Blueberry ones are very fluffy and huge and they aren't even the big ones. Also great potatoes. It is crowded on Sunday mornings but worth a short wait. Strawberry cheesecake French toast also above average.笑
This place was amazing!!!! I would give is 6 stars if I could. The restaurant was busy but we got seated quick. The server was perfect. Amazing food. Really fun and upbeat atmosphere.  This is our new breakfast stop. Thank you for a great experience.笑
Our favorite breakfast place! Of course we still love Blackbear but this place isn't a chain & has great daily specials.  I've tried many different items & loved them all. My husband loves the chicken fried steak w/biscuit & gravy. I love the 1/2 waffle & chicken with egfs! Good stuff! Waitresses are are super nice as is everyone who you encounter.笑
Yessssssssss. Breakfast/ brunch is the best part of the day and henhouse threw down! So yummy!笑
It was just ok........  nothing special.   Service was average.  Food was average.  Coffee was average.  For example........  Their potatoes they serve for breakfast are sliced boiled potatoes. Not fried, no onions or peppers just sliced boiled potatoes.  Even processed hash browns are more appealing.  Their gravy is resturant "just add water" no sausage bits or anything.  How can not make gravy? Or fry potatoes?   I would call this place the "Lazy Hen"笑
Great service, delicious food, big portions, and reasonable prices...easily sums it up!  Our server Mike was on top of things and very courteous.  The cinnamon rooks are amazing!!笑
First time...Awesome Lemon Blueberry Mascarpone pancake and scrumptious Green Chile Skillet. Leftovers... We will be back!笑
This is a great place! Food and service is great, decor is original and cute. I had French Toast, my husband had biscuits and gravy breakfast. Will definitely eat here again笑
Food is great but the service was very slow. Worth the wait if you've got free time but don't expect to eat here in under an hour.笑
My husband and I, We went on a Sunday around noon and got sat right away. It took over 30 mins to get our food. I was getting kind of impatient. But the food was pipping hot and delicious. So it almost made the wait worth it. 
We could see our waitress was everyone's waitress so they were shorthanded that day. If that was improved, then I would say definitely a 5 star breakfast place.笑
Sat there for about 10 minutes without any service. There were 2 servers on the floor who couldn't be bothered to acknowledge me whatsoever. I get it, I'm a 1-top, and in your eyes, you're not getting as much in tip and therefor I am less of a priority. But guess what? I'm one of the $5 1-tops if I can just get some halfway decent service. It's why people go out to eat. Not for your crappy overpriced food.笑
Breakfast here was quite good!  I had the southwest biscuit & gravy plate, with the eggs & extra-crispy bacon.  The gravy was very yummy, but I do wish it had been a bit hotter - I think it took a while to cook my bacon up nice & crisp, and they'd plated the B&G already.  So it was a bit cold, but that didn't stop me from chowing down.笑
Always busy, so get there early! My favorite breakfast place! Yes, a little expensive but everything is fresh. From homemade syrup to gravy, to sausage...it's all amazing. If you like chorizo, try their chorizo gravy! It's amazing! Super friendly staff!! 5 stars!笑
Everything is amazing!  Big pancakes, potatoes are extra fried and really good... Chicken fried steak is really good too.  The staff are really nice, accommodating, and helpful.  Great for kids and out of town guests.  The line to get a seat can be really heavy, but helps validate why this place is sooo good.  Love this place.笑
The food is worth the wait!! A bit frustrating the time to wait at this location...not sure if they were short staffed but waiting for over half hour when there were clearly places to sit was irritating. With that said, service was nice and food came out relatively quickly; only my first cup of their delicious coffee was gone by the time it came out.   Great selections to choose from and prices are reasonable. Portion sizes are large and those pancakes......wow! HUGE! I had chicken fried steak with gravy but substituted the normal sausage gravy for the chorizo gravy. 100% worth the small up charge. Eggs done exactly as ordered and the english muffin I ordered was larger than normal. If there was a minor criticism with the food, the potato are a bit bland for me but condiments on table fixed that. Definitely coming back asap!笑
Very friendly staff. I got the breakfast burrito and loved it! Very big breakfast menu. Nice atmosphere.笑
Been here a couple of times, there seems to always be a little bit of a wait. The French toast is ok but the syrup is weird. My daughter really likes the kitchen sink omelet. The Mexican eggs Benedict is super good. Service is good, decor is nice/interesting.笑
Just saw Henhouse Cafe  when driving by this morning so I thought I'd give it a try.  It was good.  Didn't love the bacon and especially the sausage but eggs and pancakes were good.  Syrup was a little too sweet for me (I know...it's syrup) but flavor was good.  There was quite a few people in there but were able to seat me quickly...it'll take it.笑
This place is awesome!  Love going here every weekend.  Both locations are great.  I'm yet to have anything on the menu that I don't like.  Be warned there is typically a wait for seating, but well worth the wait.  Bring an appetite as most plates are good portions with tons of great flavor.笑
My husband and I came in for breakfast early Saturday morning. We decided to sit at the bar since there was a wait .As soon as we sat down our sever came and got our drink order. I originally wanted to come and try there huge pancakes but it was just way to much food for the two of us so instead I ordered the green chili skillet and my husband got the Paul Bunyan. Even though the restaurant was busy our food came out fairly fast and our server was attentive. The green chili skillet was pretty big and it came with a side or tortilla. I love the flavor of the green chili and pork with my eggs. I would recommend to ask for salsa on the side since it doesn't come with it. The Paul Bunyan came with two sausage, 2 bacon, 2 eggs and a small side of French toast. 
If you're coming on the weekend with a party of 2 and more, I would definitely come earlier since it does get packed fast.笑
This was our first time in and it was worth the wait. My son ordered pancakes bacon and eggs. The pancake was huge and fluffy served with warm homemade syrup!! I ordered the vegetable skillet, and that was also a huge portion! Everything came out hot and quicker than I expected due to the fact that they were really busy. Our server was very attentive as I watcher her move from table to table with a friendly approach.  The manager came by and asked how everything was and also friendly. We will definitely be coming back!! Also got a coupon for our next visit!!笑
Table was sticky when we sat down. Watched our waitress pick up food and garbage off of the ground underneath a table outside and then walk right in and take food to customers. They really should have a dedicated bus staff. If our waitress wasn't bussing she might have had more time to deal with us. Served our bacon almost raw. We asked them to cook it a little more. The waitress was totally put off by that. Brought us back bacon that was so over cooked it was inedible. Message received loud and clear. When customers send something back, you make sure they regret it. Here's a message for you, provide poor service and sub par food, I'll make sure to keep my money out of your register.笑
My husband and I decided to take our 3 boys out to eat and stumbled across this place on Google and decided to give it a try... we have hands down found our new breakfast joint. My husband is a chef and I am a server at a mom and pop breakfast joint in North phoenix and both of us were completely impressed. Any mistakes were fixed immediately and our server (the check says his name is alfredo?) Showed care and concern and even explained the situation to us without making it seem like he was making excuses. Hands down my husband and I will return...and making breakfast and experience from start to finish!!!笑
Great food I had the Texas eggs benidict and my husband had the Santa Fe omlette both were outstanding. Coffee was good, no idea what the one reviewer was talking about.  Most restaurants coffee is weak,  as if they just passed the grounds over the top.  The Henhouse coffee is not weak coffee.  Over all it was a great place to eat.笑
I keep hearing people talk about this place, so we had to try it. It's pretty mediocre. I wasn't impressed nor was I unimpressed by the food. They do have a stack of pancakes that's ridiculously huge though! We had a pretty long wait, but that wasn't really a big deal. We were expecting to wait anyway because of how much we had heard about it. Since they were really busy, I wasn't expecting to get great service... so when our server gave us the bill, but ran someone else's credit card for us and ours for them, I wasn't surprised. I felt bad for her though because she seemed pretty overwhelmed. Then the manager who was fixing it for her started lecturing her in front of all the customers, including us. The manager was too hard on her for a little mistake. There was no need to embarrass her. I actually would try it again and give them another chance. Everyone makes mistakes and hers was so innocent. I would actually like to go back to see if they do a better job with the food.笑
Great food and service. Better than the Farmhouse in Gilbert downtown. Pancakes are huge and sausage are homemade.笑
Great place. I went to the one on Higley and Guadalupe and decided to stop by this location as well! Owners are great and I see them all the time on site! I've tried the Strawberry Cheesecake and it's great! I'm going to try the Chicken Fried Chicken today. I'll let you know how it goes in the next review笑
Yum! Pancakes are actually super huge, so plan on that. The French toast wasn't my favorite, but it's all taste preference. The pancakes are to die for though. I brought them to a staff meeting one day, and they were a hit with everyone. Definitely worth stopping in for breakfast.笑
Huge portions. Encourage a hungry person (or a whole family) to take down the full sized pancake. Or get it to go in a large pizza box! No gluten free bread. Exceptionally competent friendly service. Pleasant dog friendly patio.笑
We ordered a few items a la carte so we could taste a few of the various menu items lauded in reviews. 

They had a special that day that our waitress said was the best thing on the menu in her opinion. I'm a sucker for comments like this so I decided to try it: a hamburger with a fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese spread. I'm a huge breakfast fan so I have no idea why I decided to do this but... It was good. HUGE, not great, but good. So huge that we had a charity dinner to go to 6-7 hours later and I was still stuffed to the gills. 

The burger was quality meat, a huge patty (bigger than I prefer), the pimento cheese was generously piled on and the fried green tomato was good. Not amazing, but good. For my side we chose coleslaw, which we really liked, so much so that my husband ate it all. It's the mayo, sweet, no onion type of coleslaw. 

My husband ordered a side small pancake (still huge) and fried potatoes (note: other reviews refer to hashbrowns. They don't make hashbrowns but do make very thinly sliced fried potatoes). I thought the potatoes were super tasty too. 

Now - the infamous pancake: it's massive, made with cinnamon and vanilla and served with homemade maple syrup. I only had a couple bites but thought it was great. My husband doesn't prefer cinnamon or vanilla so he wasn't impressed but he brought home the leftovers and ate them, obviously he still liked them. 

Service was excellent, everyone there was friendly and jovial

We will be back and this time I'll order my preferred breakfast - something consisting of eggs, bacon and veggies. Curious to try their "homemade" sausage!

Sorry- no pix because we "dug in" to the food as soon as it arrived.笑
Great spot for breakfast.  Lots of people and long wait but very good.  Good options on the menu and the fresh oj was tasty.  Would definitely come back.笑
Very nice find.   Breakfast was good. Service excellent.   Coffee was very good and refills were quick笑
Right when I walked in the staff is very friendly. I came with friends on a Saturday waited about 30 mins and it is so worth the wait. If you are feeling something sweet you need to try the captain crunch French toast, but if you want a pancakes,eggs or bacon they are amazing as well. whatever you order will be great! The orange juice is good as well. Our servicer was a man and he was amazing! Friendly and nice in conversation!笑
Love this place! The food is amazing all house made.  I had the lemon mascarpone blueberry pancake--you only need one.  It covered the entire dinner size plate.  SO good.  My hubby had the Diablo Scramble which is a house speciality.  Yum. Scrambled eggs with chorizo and jalapeños on top, home made sliced potatoes, and a bowl of pinto beans with a tortilla on the side.  We kept trading our plates back and forth as we could not decide what we liked better.  You will not go hungry here.  The portions a big and the prices very fair.  This is locally owned and operated which we always try to support. Service is efficient and very friendly.  We brought friends from out of town here and they loved it.  The atmosphere is casual and the menu is great.  You can choose from the standard bacon and eggs to great burritos and several types of eggs benedict.  They also have daily specials for breakfast and lunch.  Good for families as well as couples.  Highly recommend.笑
Hmmmmmm yumm ! This place is worthy of the wait , I got the fried chicken with chorizo biscuits and gravy .
Omg to die for ! I also had the hollandaise breakfast sandwich. Love the little vibe it has but I felt rushed to pay and leave笑
This is my family's favorite brunch place! Food is always tasty, cooked to order! 

Service is not consistent - depends on who is your server, the newer ones (and there seems to be a good amount of turn over here) tend to not be able to keep up with the bustle! 

We've tried takeout orders quite a few times - and while the food is good, our order did not seem to be ready by the time we were told it will be ready - we've waited at least 10 mins! 

I say - do not accept takeout if the restaurant is too busy... OR  do not say "it will be ready in 15 mins - when the kitchen really needs 30 mins to catch up!" 

Overall, its still a GO TO place for my family - hand down.  Our faves, Green Chile Skillet and Country Benedict! YUMMY!!笑
My wife and I have been here several times and every time the food and service has been spectacular. I recommend the Huevos Rancheros, Chicken fried steak, the Cali Eggs Benedict and their coffee. You can't go wrong with either of these options. Then again, anything you go with is pretty darn good. Enjoy!

Ps. Sabrina, thank you for your great service today. 

This place is 'Primetime'.笑
We came in today hoping to enjoy brunch before a movie. Well that didn't happen, while sitting for 40+ mins and still not getting our food we finally had to leave or miss our next appointment. Really 40+ mins to get short order cooking that's at best ok. This was our second try and out last. Both visits we had long waits, this is a breakfast and lunch only and they still can't get it together.笑
This place is super good! It is always busy on the weekends which is kind of a drag, but for the food the waiting time makes sense. I personally love their biscuits and gravy and cereal crusted French toast. I also am a fan of any restaurant who carries flavored creamer for their coffee!笑
All the praise is well deserved.  Friendly and fast service, great home-cooked food.  It makes traveling away from home that much easier.  Come here...you won't be disappointed.笑
Fantastic breakfast spot! Quick wobderful service,  atmosphere is shabby farm chic, and Eggs Benedict was fantastic!笑
This is the second time we tried this place because we love the original location. Sadly on both occasions we were disappointed. It is one thing to wait a long time for a table but the wait for food once you order is way too long. Once the food came you can tell they rushed. My poached eggs were hockey pucks and the kids scrambled egg portion could fit in a tablespoon. We came back to give this place a second chance but never again.笑
Love my eggs an sausauge, an this place is very welcoming an homely. I love their benedicts they have 6!!!笑
Been to this place a few times.  Usually I avoid it on the weekend due to the extremely long lines but since it was a holiday I had no choice.  When I put my name in I was told it was a 25 minute wait.  65 minutes later we finally got a seat.  I don't necessarily mind waiting but please try to be more accurate than that.  On to the food.  My party ordered the blueberry pancakes, ham I am, and a side of eggs and bacon.  The pancakes were big enough to feed a small army and from what I saw on other tables, they were puny.  Ignoring the ridiculous size, they were quite tasty and filling.  The ham steak was also delicious.  The prices seemed quite reasonable considering the portion size.  The blubbery pancakes were $7.99 and they could easily feed 2-3 people.  If you have time to spare, check this place out.笑
We were fortunate to have been awake a little earlier than normal this morning, and decided to give this place a try. I can see why this was voted the best place to get breakfast in Gilbert. Really glad we got there early, because by the time we were finished eating, the line was out the door. Food was great- I had biscuits and gravy and my boyfriend had French toast... I'd recommend both. Portions are enormous, so be ready to take half of it home! Prices are extremely reasonable, especially for the portion size. 
Service was really great- our coffee cups were never less than half full... which is saying something about how prompt the service is because we both drink it pretty quickly. 
Definitely will be back... but will definitely get there early again.笑
Love the vibes! The food is amazing! Pancakes are HUGE!! Great customer service笑
My husband and I are visiting friends here and decided to stop by here for breakfast.  Service was friendly and quick, and THE FOOD IS DELICIOUS!!! Came here on a Sunday morning, and of course expected it to be busy, but the wait wasn't that bad - 20 minutes for a party of three.  Our server, Branden, was very friendly and attentive.  Made sure to check in on us multiple times throughout our meal.  My husband had the Chicken Fried Steak, our friend had a breakfast burrito, and I ordered the Paul Bunyan with a side of fruit.  Everything was amazingly good!! Will definitely be coming back when we are in town again.笑
Hubcap pancakes. Homemade syrup. Very tasty. Friendly service. Reasonable prices. Good cup of joe. Nice little cafe for breakfast.笑
Good place for breakfast/brunch. You'll expect a wait during weekend peak breakfast times. A variety of options on the menu and the pancakes are large! Go with the recommended items that they suggest if your a first timer here. Relaxing atmosphere and outdoor seating.笑
Delicious!   You have to try the lemon blueberry mascarpone pancake!   Enough for two to share.笑
Thought we'd try this place again after a long absence.  Wanted to swap potatoes for fruit on my breakfast combo.  Was informed of a 1.99 up charge even though the items were only .20 difference on the ala carte choices.  Huge deal?  Not really, but enough of one for us to take our future business elsewhere.笑
If it weren't for the consistently poor to average (at best) service, they'd get five stars. Food is great but they consistently understaff, which results in poor service. However, if you're not in a hurry, it's great and can't be beat. 

My suggestion to the company...increase your staff or watch your top-line shrink. Too many good breakfast places around that know how to serve properly.笑
A really good new breakfast place that we discovered through Yelp. Pretty big portions and their house made sausage was amazing! We will be coming back a lot more to try more of their menu. Delicious!!!笑
We were seated right away at 9am on a Saturday. Santa Fe Omlette was our favorite. Employees were very attentive!. Will be back.笑
Food is great, if you actually get it.  We've probably been here a dozen times with great service, but then two or three times where the service was so awful, it was unbelievable.  Once, we sat for over a hour with no food, everyone seemed confused and we were finally told that our order was lost and that there were still five orders ahead of us.  Uh no. When you realize you lost an order, don't you then push that baby to the front of the line?  We left.  Hangry.笑
Love this place. The portions are huge and everything tastes so amazing. We usually frequent the location at Higley & Guadalupe but the secret is out. The restaurant is always hopping. We're hoping the location off Val Vista stays a secret for a bit longer.笑
Best place for breakfast or lunch! Almost everything is homemade, their bread is from Capistrano Bakery, and the staff are friendly. We've never had a bad meal there. Highly recommended.笑
First time eating here. Restaurant was busy but we still got in fairly easy.  Food was great, will be back again.笑
Service was good, the server was attentive, very nice and we didn't have to wait.

Food was marginal. The pancakes were ordered off the kid's menu and it was huge, too thick for a kid. My 4 year old didn't like it at all.

The potatoes were bland.

However, the reason I'll never go back is they wouldn't substitute fruit for the bacon. Pretty basic request. The side of bacon costs more than the side of fruit. Doesn't matter, apparently the owner doesn't care about the customers. Had to pay extra to get fruit and still had to pay for the bacon I didn't want. I thought about tipping the server with the bacon I was forced to pay for, but she was very apologetic about their dumb policy, and said her boss would be "super mad" if she subbed the food. I got the sense that the owner treats them poorly. Plenty of other places to spend my money, screw this place.笑
Wow!!!! Henhouse Cafe is the best brunch place in Gilbert that I've experienced!!!! Don't expect a fancy meal or something "sprinkled with lemon zest" to that nature but expect to get an EPIC AMERICAN BREAKFAST!  All the dishes I've had are huge portions and they taste great! Great way to start a weekend on a full stomach of home cooked breakfast and brunch foods! 

Share a big pancake with your significant other!!!! It's awesome! I highly recommend the meatloaf egg platter. It's so hardy and so flavorful! My wife usually gets some kind of biscuits and gravy or something else but that's also awesome!!!

The best thing about this place though is that it feels "home-ey"!!! It has that small town feel where you think that everyone in the cafe is your neighbor! I love this place and I recommend it to anyone who is in search for a breakfast place in Gilbert!!!! Be expected to wait a little bit though if you're in a part bigger than 2, cause it's pretty popular!笑
Nice local (to Vintage Ranch) breakfast / lunch restaurant. I had "The Kitchen Sink" omelet which was loaded with ham, sausage and bacon. Came with toast and fresh cut potatoes too. A lot of food and tasted great! Looking forward to checking out some other breakfast dishes soon.笑
First time at the Henhouse Cafe, today.  I tried their corned-beef hash with 3 eggs over medium with a english muffin and a side of avocado.  I was so surprised - it was the very best corned beef hash I have had since I moved to the valley five years ago.  They have a very unique recipe that includes yams in the dish - delicious!  Also, the staff was very prompt and friendly and they were happy to accommodate my dietary requirements.  They give a discount to vets and btw, the coffee is delicious.  I will be back for more!  :o)笑
Myself and a few friends were in the market for breakfast after church. I visited trusted Yelp and found this location in very close proximity to where we worship. We had a 15 minute wait but boy was it worth it. The service was friendly and the food was delicious. I ordered a skillet, one of my girlfriends ordered the veggie "something" and the other ordered the french toast. The servings were hearty and our server was very attentive to our needs despite it being a hectic mid Sunday morning. We all left very satisfied and have vowed to return in the near future.笑
Wow!! We had about a 30 minute wait and it was completely worth it!! The Paul Bunyan place was perfect! The sausage patties reminded me of living on the farm outside of Chicago, when our neighbor would bring us fresh, ground pork sausage. Wife had the breakfast burrito and was hungry, but could only eat half. Son had the chicken and waffles and it was really incredible! 5 Stars and worth the saint. Quaintly decorated. We also took 3 of the homemade Cinnamon Rolls home for tomorrow.  Loved it!!笑
Most awesome Breakfast! Atmosphere is very friendly and upbeat. Homemade sausage, fresh homemade bread! My husband loved the Tamale Breakfast plate. Highly recommend this place!笑
This place is awesome!!! So good, great atmosphere. Food prices are good. The wait on the weekend can be a bit long. 30 minutes or so.笑
We love this place. Consistently good food with an interesting and varied menu. Daily specials for breakfast and lunch. Always busy usually with a wait. The blueberry lemon mascarpone pancake is huge. Comes with house made syrup and is really good. Not too icky sweet. The diablo scramble is great for a spicy start to your day. Flour tortilla scrambled eggs, potatoes, cheese, chorizo, jalapeños, served with re fried beans. Love it. Service is always friendly and these kids hustle. Everything house made. Locally owned which I love to support. Mandy our server was amazing. Busboys never get mentioned.  They are the unsung heros. I have been in the service industry for many years. The last two times we have been here we have noticed Misa. He is extremely efficient. Always busy. You never see him standing around doing nothing. Great employee!笑
Has been our go to for a while. Food has always been really good albeit very slow to come out. The Moms Pancakes are a star. I love the lemon blueberry pancake but it's been getting smaller and smaller in size so I've steered away from it. The Carnitas Burrito is great but c'mon if it says green chili actually put some on it. I ordered extra and they charge a fortune for a side of it. Used to be 5* for me but seems to be headed the wrong direction.笑
Waiting for car repair at San Tan Ford, I yelped to find breakfast in the area. After reading reviews I decided to check this place out. As soon as we came in we were greeted warmly by the hostess. She took our drink order and brought our drinks in seconds and we began to peruse the menu. The French toast sounded wonderful, but instead I chose the Two Egg breakfast with bacon. The bacon was cooked just as I like it and the potatoes were delicious (not potato chunks but REAL potatoes!) The wheat toast was thick and chewy which was a pleasant surprise. My son ordered the Southwest Eggs with Chorizo gravy. Even though it wouldn't have been my choice, it had a good flavor and the eggs and potatoes were perfect. I love that this is a local family owned business. It definitely shows by their attention to service and quality of food! The next time I'm in the area I'll definitely be back.笑
we were referred here. My hubby had green chili skillet, it was perfect. It had a wonderful flavor, the eggs were cooked perfectly, the colors looked amazing. Everything about it was fresh and really tasty......... I ordered the cheesesteak and it was TERRIBLE!!! First just the presentation was awful. flat sliced meat on a bun w/these weird battered onion things- big clumpy donut batter around some thin slices of purple onion and a side of bbq sauce?!?. I chopped up the meat myself, and then tried it... the meat was DISGUSTING. It tasted old? bad? freezer burned? I TRIED to eat it, but just had the terrible taste- but at the same time, it tasted like NOTHING. No flavor- NOTHING. When  a different server came and asked if i wanted a box- i told her i really didn't like it at all. She asked a few questions and told a manager, the manager came and apologized and took it off the bill- which was appreciated. She assured me the meat was "fresh" and that it "smelled fine". Please owner of Henhouse cafe, please reevaluate this meal. The presentation was terrible, the items on the sandwhich- the onion things, the 5 little bits of peppers and bbq sauce was all REALLY disjointed. It doesn't go together. A cheesesteak (in my opinion and like everyone else ive eaten that was good) should be full of flavor, dripping with juice, covered in peppers and onions, chopped up piping hot. You need a sauce- how about au jus or horseradish?!? Save the onion donuts- really they are terrible- whats the thinking behind them? No need to reinvent the wheel. If you rework it, PLEASE let me know. Id love to come back and try it again and give another review of an amazing sandwich that was as pleasing to the pallet as the eye, like the green chili skillet.笑
Hidden Gem.  Would not have found it if not for my brother telling me about it.  In fact he insisted I go there.  When I pulled in I noticed it was located on a corner I drive by quite a bit and never noticed it.  I always saw the gym next door.  Well I had been missing out all this time.  We did not have a long wait for a seat.  The server was super friendly and helpful with describing the dishes.  I went with the diablo scramble and it was fantastic!  I was also impressed with the coffee.  Highly recommend.笑
You know a place has to be good when there is a line for a table and people are actually waiting to get a table!  A friend and I decided to check this place out after hearing about how good it was and the reviews were not wrong.  The food was great and the servers were attentive.  We will definitely go back here to eat (especially since I have to taste the other items on the menu)!笑
My husband and I went Sunday Feb 21. We had been excited to try it since not very good breakfast places around the area. The young lady seating us wanted to seat us at a table but my husband has back issues and asked for a booth (which was empty) she sat us at the booth but wasn't very happy about it. It took awhile before anyone came to get our drink orders. She was not very friendly at ALL. She didn't introduce herself, didn't say good morning. Just what can I get you to drink. When she came back to get our orders I asked what the orange hen next to some of the items ment and she just said they are popular items and acted like I was bothering her asking a question. When our food came the bacon was barely cooked, the potatoes mushy and not any flavor and not much flavor to the gravy. No one ever refilled our drinks or asked how food was. Once we were done it took awhile to get the check. $22. for two for breakfast and not a very good one at that. We may go back to try something else but it will be awhile. They really need to work on service and cooking food all the way.笑
Combine top quality ingredients, with people that have a passion for cooking food and serving people, and you have the recipe for the best breakfast ever! Do not hesitate, do not wait, go immediately to Henhouse, order ANYTHING... You will not be disappointed. Top-notch service from the reception desk to your server to the bus crew to the kitchen staff. Can't say enough good things... Our favorite breakfast joint ever.笑
Finally got around to giving this place a try and it did not disappoint. Came in with 3 Adults 3 kids.
We were seated promptly and got our drink orders in right away. We ordered Omelets, Biscuits & Gravy and the Giant Pancakes.
Everything was hot and delicious. Our waitress was always around and helpful.
The decor is cute. My family had a great experience and we will be back for sure!笑
Came in on Sunday morning.  Seated fairly quickly, but then it took a while to get a waitress to come over.  After that, the service was good.  The food is good, but the pancakes are ridiculously large.  They look like they were made on a pizza pan.  This seems a bit wasteful and should be noted on the menu that they are big enough to feed 4 people.
It is nice to have a breakfast place in the area.笑
Amazing service! I ordered the coconut cream French toast and it was super yummy!! You won't be disappointed when you dine here :)笑
This use to be one of our favorite places for breakfast. Not any more!  My husband and I went this morning at 8 am. The place was full except for the counter. We were the first to wait so we gave out name to the hostess. 3 more families came in and followed suit. 
A couple of local A listers (presumably, otherwise why my chopped liver treatment) walk in and the hostess asked how many and they said 2 and she said.....one second while I clear off a table.  

We left and we won't ever be back!