I stopped by here this morning for breakfast and coffee with my wife.  We were debating about whether or not to make Americano's or drip coffee whenever I remembered a Groupon for a local coffee shop.  So after purchasing the Groupon we headed over there.  The inside of this place is quite spacious and has a lot of nice seating options from couches to an old diner type counter to a bar by the windows and even more.  Suffice it to say that my wife and I both loved the interior.  The barrister's here were also quite friendly and helpful.

For my breakfast I went with the key lime scone and an Americano while my wife went with an Americano and a nutella peanut butter muffin.  I started off with my scone which was quite large and hard on the outside while soft on the inside.  It was quite enjoyable although I am not so sure that I got any of the key lime taste.  After finishing my scone I tried my coffee and I have to admit that it was pretty bitter.  Thinking that it may have to do with the scone I just ate, I tried to cleanse my palate before trying it again.  Nope, still super bitter.  I am not sure if it was the coffee itself or whether the espresso had been over-extracted.  My wife thought the same so I am hoping it was just a bad batch of coffee.  She did enjoy her muffin though.

The bottom line for both me and my wife is that we would stop by here again in the future.  We both loved the space (5 stars) and service (5 stars) so would like to give the coffee (2 1/2 stars) another chance.Ǿ
Great shop, I will definitely go to again. I called ahead (20 min) and asked to put together pastries for 15 people. When I got there, 2 platters were put together with homemade cream cheese. And the owner's husband carried it to my car. Great service! I'm looking forward to trying them for lunch in the near futureǾ
I love the building--what a great urban gem off the main road of 65 in a cute river town.  Large enough to accommodate group meetings without being too noisy. Yet intimate.  They have a nice bar area that is traditional in Italian espresso cafes  I had the chili while I was there and I was very impressed--mildy spicy, hearty, and warming.  I can't wait to go back to try their coffee and other treats.Ǿ
Fantastic spot. Chill and accommodating. Great baked goods and friendly staff. 
Be sure to try the parking chair!Ǿ
This is a review of the Coraopolis location. There regular hot coffee w/ creme is very good and there teas are really good as well. The location is very modern and very friendly baristas as well. Good prices as well on everything.Ǿ
My friend and I had a Groupon so we stopped in and checked the place out. It could be a little cozier with artwork on the walls, but the baristas were very nice and made an excellent dirty chai and a smoke stacked mocha. We will definitely be back in.Ǿ
This place is wonderful. The environment is relaxing and cozy. I've taken The Toddler here and he usually gets a lemonade or an organic chocolate milk. I love the cappuccino. They have snacks and pastries as well. If you bring your kiddo they have a box of toys for them to play with. It's a win-win.Ǿ
This place is absolutely adorable! It's right up the street from my parents house. Since they opened up last October I make sure to go every time I'm in Pittsburgh. 

They refinished this old building so nicely. It's so big inside but they've managed to make it incredibly cozy with all kinds of comfy couches, chairs, and lounge areas. It comes complete with all kinds of historical Ben Avon and Pittsburgh artifacts, including a lot of stuff from the Ben Avon fire department. 

It's about time Ben Avon got a place like this, I really wish there were more people inside every day. But there are always at least 4 or 5 people hanging out taking advantage of the free Wi-Fi they offer! 

The food I've tried has been good. The chili is BOMB but be careful it's pretty spicy! I also tried the buffalo chicken wrap and enjoyed that. The rice crispy treats are awesome. I don't like coffee so I haven't tried it..but my friend said it wasn't that good. But they have a very wide selection of teas, smoothies, and other coffee drinks. 

Everyone that works here is extremely friendly, and if you live in Ben Avon you'll probably know who they are. 

There's plenty of books and magazines around if you just want to hang out and read for a while. And a lot of artwork from local artists to look at too! I've also seen that they've brought in musicians and had a book reading there as well.

Seriously, check this gem out! Keep this place running, it's too good for the neighborhood to lose!Ǿ
Fantastic coffee, tea, dessert, and sandwich cafe. The espresso was very good, as were the scones and buffalo quesadilla we had.  We will definitely be back for more.Ǿ
A&A is my favorite oasis, a special escape. Their coffee is something special. I don't know what they do to it - something in the way it's roasted - but it's incredibly refreshing. I particularly love it iced. And their homemade desserts are incredible. Andy, the proprietor, is just a genuine, down-to-earth, friendly guy. I love how they host various community events like open mic nights... it's also just a great place to go read for a few hours. I feel very at home here.Ǿ
Lovely environment! Giant gathering space. Stopped for the first time yesterday & had a fantastic latte served by a friendly, smiling personality. Today thought I would stop again. My latte was in a house mug, which are nice and heavy & keep your drink warm. Their espresso has a lovely nutty taste to it. And the house made scones will make you swoon.Ǿ
I liked this place. Nice little independent coffee shop. More active than I thought. Lots of good seating around. All food and drink options one might want from a coffee shop. quick service. Plenty of parking.Ǿ
Since leaving Denton, the independent coffee capital of North Texas, I have been looking everywhere for a coffee shop that was even comparable to the cafes I had been spoiled on. It's really difficult to find a good espresso drink in Pittsburgh, that's not too milky or loaded with artificial syrup, but actually puts the taste of well prepared coffee at the forefront.

Husband and I found this place on a Saturday morning; it's spacious and modern inside, and pleasantly quiet... And the coffee was great! Espresso (Americano) was creamy and flavorful, and the smoky, spicy Smokestack signature latte is out of this world! The richness of the coffee is really allowed to come through. 

We both could see this as becoming our new favorite weekend ritual, and our new favorite office away from home. Solid, respectable coffee shop.Ǿ
This was my first visit to Ben Avon (and first drive down Ohio River Blvd for that matter).  The location was lovely, but I admit that I passed the place up on my first go around, but I went around the block (which took longer than I intended) and made it there just fine.  

I can see the appeal, the cafe seating area is huge and has multiple sections.  I didn't linger because it was within a half hour of their closing time, but probably wouldn't have anyway because it was pretty warm in there (maybe the air conditioning was broken?).

I got an iced latte mostly because I didn't see a menu anywhere.  After I ordered I saw one  on a clip board at the register...I'm thinking maybe they change their menu up a lot?  I didn't really get more than a glance at it and also saw menus floating around for tea and sandwiches.  I'm the type of customer that likes to have their order ready before they greet the person at the register, so I can't say I'm a fan of this practice.

As for the latte, the espresso was on the lighter side, nothing really remarkable there.  I think the major selling points are the cute out of the way location and the larger cafe space.Ǿ
We stopped in this coffee bar for lunch while driving through the neighborhood and loved it.  The coffee bar has a great vibe with a lot of space to relax and unwind.  I am not one of those people that can concentrate and do work in a Starbucks.  It's too cramped or loud for me, but I could definitely see myself setting up shop here to get some work done. They have tables, comfortable chairs, and a retro diner bar area to sit.  

They have a wide selection of coffee and tea choices.  We were there for lunch and I had a quesadilla while my husband had a turkey pesto sandwich.  Then, we had monkey bread for dessert.  All good and tasty.  We'll be back.Ǿ
The atmosphere is nice and relaxing. Sandwich and chamomile tea I had was very good- Seating is spaced out so conversation was nice and easy.Ǿ
This review is for the Coraopolis location. 

 I loved my little trip out to the Coraopolis Anchor & Anvil.  I was looking for somewhere to spend a little time between town and the airport and spent about an hour there right before closing on a Sunday.  It was oh so very quiet there, not like the more urban coffee shops with competitive seating.  There was an entire 3-seater couch and 2 easy chairs up for grabs.  There were a couple other people in the shop.

The barista was really friendly and interacted with super-shy me, which takes some doing.  I had read the menu in advance and had my heart set on one of their signature drinks, The Parking Chair.  I read the menu again anyway, and decided to order it, even after finding out that it is pre-mixed and thus cannot be made decaf.  They promised it would taste like melted espresso ice cream, and live up to that it did!  I don't 100% know what they put in it, but they say they use real ingredients, and it tasted that way.  This is not something to get on a regular basis as it was quite sweet, but it was a nice treat.

I liked the open and airy space, the minimalist/industrial vibe, the peace and quiet.  I liked that I had somewhere cozy to relax.  I took over an easy chair and noticed they had a couple of issues of a magazine for coffee and tea professionals called The Cup.  I didn't get anything done I'd planned to do because I read this magazine cover to cover--it was a great & inspiring read.  I'm looking forward to trying more of their signature drinks, either in Ben Avon (where is Ben Avon anyway?) or in Coraopolis, probably on the way to or from the airport.

PS: Coraopolis has a bit of a downtown so it's a good place to take a walk, too, if you make this coffee shop a destination.Ǿ
Fantastic, roomy but friendly coffee house in Ben Avon. Family friendly, games, out of the way areas for reading and they even have senior sewing circles. Great coffee and light fare. I often stop for a coffee and steel cut oats with cranberries and brown sugar or almonds. One of the best day starters. It's a coffee house where you can have conversations with strangers. Really an awesome spot.Ǿ
Love this place! The baristas are friendly and helpful and the space is huge, cheery and bright. Lots of families were here playing games, reading, chatting but there was plenty of room to sit far away from the kids if that's your thing. There's free wifi, good tea and coffee and reasonable prices.  We'll definitely be back to try the food.Ǿ
I decided to purchase a Groupon for Anchor & Anvil which prompted our visit over the weekend - it's a cute local coffee shop.  The specialty coffee drinks are very rich but very tasty and worth every calorie.  They are definitely prepared with care.  The employees were extremely nice and helpful.  There is plenty of seating inside.  Parking is street parking but wasn't bad at all.Ǿ
The service and quality is great here. We love their selection of baked goods and the coffee is fantastic.  It's very mellow, comfy and roomy inside and located in a pleasant neighborhood.Ǿ
I HEARD good things about this place. It was ok at best. 

They were playing live music when I arrived. The acoustics of this place are not suited to live music. Echoes everywhere.

Got a cappuccino and a chocolate chip scone. The cappuccino was weak. I feel like I should have ordered a double. If I have to order a double to make it taste as it should, then you make weak coffee.

The scone was soft, but very tasty.Ǿ
It is okay. The coffee was pretty bad but the seating was good. I liked that it was only a couple blocks from my house. I didn't like the pop there though. All in all I thought the fire escape was better than anchor and anvil.Ǿ
It's amazing how many awesome places we miss out on that aren't necessarily on the beaten path. I lived down the street from this place for 2 years and had no idea it existed! Great coffee, huge space with plenty of comfy seating, and oh yea..free wifi!Ǿ
Started a new job in the area and thought I would come here for lunch as it was one of the highest-rated places on yelp. The employees were extremely nice, lots of seating, parking was easy. I ordered the chicken, bacon ranch quesadilla and my food came out quickly and was okay but I didn't like the blue tortilla chips on the side and wish I would have had an option to get something else. Great selection of craft sodas which I am a sucker for. I will definitely come back to try some pastries and the coffee but not sure I would come again for lunch.Ǿ
I've stopped here several times since I moved back to Avalon. Each experience was different, I asked for an iced beverage and received a hot beverage, it was still tasty, just not what I ordered, then I would stop and get exactly what I order, yet again, still quite tasty. Inconsistent service, but I've been pleased with my beverages, even if it wasn't what I ordered. It is very cute inside too, very welcoming, open, clean, great atmosphere.Ǿ
this coffee shop is so good and it is at a really good price range.  if any one lives by it and is wondering if its good go there you won't be left down.Ǿ
Tied for top position as favorite coffee house in the burgh.  Tons of great food and beverages.  The service is always friendly.  Comfy seating.  They have hot and cold running wifi.  Plus, it helps the local fire station.  I just wish they'd add Sunday hours.Ǿ
This is an awesome place. Friendly staff and inviting environment. The butternut squash drink is so so so so so very very very good could drink every day. The homemade treats are great. I like hanging out and playing a quick board game with my friends.Ǿ
I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and I have loved it all.  The coffee, well, the coffee is fantastic too.  I most recently enjoyed an eggnog latte.  It was creamy and just a touch spicy.

I've also had many paninis.  They're basic paninis made with thick slices of lunch meat and cheese, but the bread has a nice crunch on it and the cheese is perfectly melt-y.  They also are served with a side of carrots.  It's a nice change from chips and I feel far superior and healthy after a handful of carrots.

I have also tried the cream of potato soup.  It was a little less creamy than I was expecting and I was hoping for more chunks of bacon and potato but the taste was lovely and it was just perfect on a cold winter day.

I was here when it was The Fire Escape and I like what the new owners have done; they're friendlier and more welcoming, as is the atmosphere.Ǿ
This is the best kept secret.  The service is always incredible and the lattes are pretty awesomeǾ
This place has character. We detoured here on our way down Rt. 65 because I remembered seeing a Groupon for a new coffee shop in Ben Avon. There's counter seating that gives it a fun vibe as well as plenty of tables and comfy chairs. Hubs enjoyed the Borana brew they were featuring and I had a tasty chai tea latte, kindly delivered to our table by the gentleman behind the counter. (Not something you'd get at Starbucks!) the biscotti were delish too. This seems like a great place to meet up with a friend, get some work done (free wifi) or to have some type of gathering. Wish we lived closer!Ǿ
Adorable little coffee shop!  And by little I mean quite large, but quaint at the same time.  The mocha is absolutely deliscious!  They have greek yogurt (which is not something you stumble upon all that often when traveling) and really great oatmeal.  I needed to kill a few hours before a site visit for work and tracked down this place, because of location and Yelp reviews and it was a great choice.

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!

Also, the owners are super nice!!!Ǿ
I checked this out for the first time one afternoon when I was staying with my parents in the North Hills, and I found myself really wishing they'd been open back in the day when we were in high school!  I would absolutely have spent every afternoon here doing my chem homework.

The space is open and airy, and there are lots of tables and comfy chairs to sit and read or write.  They have free wi-fi (they'll give you the password at the counter), although I don't think there were a ton of outlets for laptop plugs.

I had a coffee and a sticky-sweet blueberry muffin.  There were probably about 8 billion calories in that heavenly muffin, but it was delicious, and I like to think that it gave me enough creative energy to work on my book that it was worth it :)  They do have a menu of *real* food, not just baked goods, so I think I will try some of that the next time I go in.

The only thing I'd say as a heads-up is that they have a few large coolers that are a bit loud, so I would recommend bringing your iPod along.

All in all though, I really loved the place, and when I am in the North Hills again looking for coffee, I will definitely keep this spot in mind!Ǿ
Cool!  It's a fire station made into a coffee house.  Cool neighborhood hangout!Ǿ
Enjoyed a delicious iced vanilla latte in May. Gotta get back there again soon.Ǿ
Free wifi, good selection of coffee and teas, service with a smile, and, because it's part of the Volunteer Fire Station, chili.  There are a lot of cool items from the Ben Avon Fire Department inside, as well as a variety of cozy seating.  The only reason this place isn't overrun with patrons is because it's out of the way compared to the other coffeeshops in the North Boros on the busier Lincoln Avenue.  My four stars are more for the atmosphere (and wifi!) than the drinks themselves--which are at least as good as Starbucks, but not the best I've had.Ǿ
Nice cool coffee shop in the middle of Emsworth- Pittsburgh! We walked down to Anchor and anvil while in town. They have a nice selection of craft coffees- you can smell the quality as soon as you walk in. The staff is friendly and happy to help with your selection. The shop is nice and big with a lot of seating. 

Anchor and Anvil appears to be a nice addition to the quiet town.Ǿ
Really good coffee, haven't tried much else. But a really nice environment too to hang out at. And the owner is really nice and a pleasure to talk to. Give it a try!Ǿ
This place is great, I stop by whenever I'm walking my brother's manic husky. They have a place to tie up out front, dog treats inside, and good coffee and food for humans.Ǿ
I always like to try new coffee places in the area and this one didn't disappoint at first. We ordered iced coffees, bagels, and a scone. We took our scone and coffees and sat down at a cute little table while we waited for our bagels. The coffee and English toffee scone were pretty amazing, and then the bagels came. We ordered one plain and one Parmesan.  The Parmesan bagel was moldy. Gross!!!! I feel bad leaving a one star review but if the bagels are moldy what else is possibly old or expired that you can't see?  Will not be returning.Ǿ
This place is great. Great location, great space, great vibe, great healthy date squares

Dude: terrible coffee. You have one job. Make delicious coffee. And you are failing The grinds are not fine enough and so make an absolutely sour cup. Close the shop, invite friends. Experiment with different providers and grind resolutions and do a blind taste test. Then open your doors again with the best results. There's too much competition out there to be making coffee this gross. I've been here three times and every time. Sour sour coffee!Ǿ
The world could use more coffee shops like this!

It's really comfy inside with plenty of seating for every attitude. They have a large conference table, several coy couch areas, and traditional tables.

Not only do they have coffee but they have a great selection of sodas, teas, and other drinks. I went there for a tweetup and also found they had incredible baked items.

I wish this place were close to home in the South Hills!Ǿ
One of my favorite coffee shops!

The baristas and owner is always so incredibly nice whenever I come in. Their coffee and pastries are all very standard but taste delicious. They do offer a few food items that look yummy as well.

Lots of space, comfy place to hang out/do work/chat with significant other. Come by and visit!Ǿ
Great place to kick back over coffee, snacks, and to get some work done. Although it is a little drive up from the city, I found it a great place nonetheless. For drinks, they have your basic expresso and typicals that you'd find at your local coffee shop, and they also have some mixed variations on coffee-based drinks, which I personally found to be quite good. They also have wraps, bakery pastries, and the such. It's nice to know that they do have specials and that the Wifi here is free, making productivity possible at this joint. Reasonable prices, good coffee, free Wifi = a great coffee joint to either meet up with another or just get some work done!Ǿ
Really cute place with really good matcha and couches were A++++++! They have non-dairy options!