My husband and I just moved to the area and seeing as how the hubby is a pho-addict, we got to looking for our next regular spot. We have a checklist of what makes a pho restaurant good: obviously the pho broth has to be flavourful (not fatty) and has to be clean tasting. They have to either have at least good shrimp rolls or spring rolls. The vegetables must be fresh and not browning or wilting. They should offer some kind fresh tasting fruit shake or bubble tea. My husband has to have cilantro, Thai basil, three hot chilli peppers (the little ones) and fresh lime. Surprisingly, not all Pho restaurants offer these side toppings. So, this might be a hefty list but that's the ultimate package for us. We'll even take not-so-friendly customer service over the overly nice Canadian service if it means the food is top notch! 


This place has high reviews and good feedback so we tried it out first. I really, really wanted to like this place and it seemed to all get off on the right foot with our server, who was a young girl. She brought us tea and menus right away and was friendly. The extra crispy and fresh bean sprouts and super juicy fresh shrimp roll (some places really skimp out on the noodles in the roll or the rice paper is really dry, not the case with this place!).. but then the pho came out and it looked proper but the broth was missing that "kick". It also had a slight smell of wet rag, which usually means the beef hasn't been stored properly or there's too much fat in the broth. Either way, it's not the best broth we've had. I didn't mind it so much since the bean sprouts were super fresh (that's always a sign that they're getting fresh ingredients in) and the shrimp roll was one of the best I've ever had. Then I ordered a mango shake to go and it tasted so sour! I'm not sure if the milk had gone bad or if the frozen fruit/ powder made it taste that way but I had to take it back and let the kitchen know. 

TLDR; the bean sprouts are fresh and the shrimp rolls are one of the best but the pho broth and mango shake were not up to standard.

We're sorry to say it but we are gonna pho-get about this place and we're off to try another Pho spot in Newmarket that checks off all our boxes.Ǿ
Came on a Saturday afternoon, service was probably slower than usual. I had to wait a couple of mins to be seated then another couple for the menu to arrive on the table. I ordered the calamari and the pho. The calamari is too oily and lacks crispy texture. The pho is nothing special, very average tasting. What I like about this place is that it's clean and has good portions.Ǿ
Had a medium Pho Tai and the chef could have been more generous with the amount of beef in my soup. Broth was salty.
I've had better.Ǿ
Probably the best pho in Newmarket unless there is a shop I have missed (unlikely), however, still room for improvement. My favourite is the sea food and pork bowl with rice noodles, the broth is outstanding, only criticism would be the dry pork meat. Worth the money.Ǿ
Good food with generous portions of Pho noodles. Service was very welcoming but   I had the vermicelli noodles and spring rolls and found everything was too salty and pork chop had a few slices and was dry.Ǿ
Nothing to scream home about but it's good pho.  Good prices and nice people.  Need more?Ǿ
my go to is the pho rare beef and meat balls. it's amazing! also love the lemon grass beef with rice! I always keep coming back. excellent service with even better food. definitely recommend to anyone who loves viet/Asian foodǾ
I just tried this pho restaurant for the first time tonight and I must say I was quite impressed. I ordered a large chicken pho bowl and an order of shrimp roll. The shrimp came with two rolls and you can tell it was fresh. The large pho bowl was massive! I was impressed with the taste too. The service was fast and friendly. Will be coming here again!Ǿ
Tasty, inexpensive authentic Vietnamese noodles.
We liked it and will go again.
Suggest they could improve the decor, and remove the televisionǾ
Whenever it rains, I feel like pho. It was a rainy day, and once again, I have returned to this punny-named restaurant for yummy Vietnamese food.

There is a lot of construction happening along Davis Drive for a while, due to enhancing the Viva line. Construction is finally clear in front of this plaza. 

Staff at the restaurant are always friendly. I simply know to find a booth. It's trying to figure out what I want to each that is a challenge. 

I have had the coconut slushie in the past. You get real coconuts and milk in it. I loved it so much. It was refreshing. I have also had the house vermicelli with a spring roll. It was yummy!

I had rare beef and beef ball pho, with grilled chicken rolls as appetizers. The latter was flavourful in the sweet dipping sauce. I was asked whether I wanted bean sprouts in my pho. Yes, please! I do recommend trying the squeeze of lime in your pho broth. It is wonderful.

So far, I have not had a bad meal. I don't think that I will at this rate.Ǿ
I went to Pho-nomenal once again on Friday for lunch, and I had to give it a boost. Nothing much has changed since my last review, but going again just confirmed that this place is the sh*t according to the locals. I say that because this place was so packed! By about 12:30pm all tables were full -- I need to say that again, ALL the tables were full. I mean, that's quite a thing to boast about in bf nowhere Newmarket. Okay, I take that back, Newmarket is much more happening than it was before.

I got the Pho dac biet and spring rolls which my usual go to Combo, which I do recommend as the bare-minimum standard issue food order for anyone going to any Pho. Again, I've had better spring rolls in that I'm spoiled and used to a different type of batter. But the spring roll itself was not bad. Tasted everything just like a spring roll should be (got the pork version btw) and was hot out of the fryer, wowee!

I reiterate that the Pho was legit. Good in my books.

This place is a single-man operation during lunch in weekdays, but this guy is a magician handles the floor pretty well and efficiently. That said, there's no time for small talk/connection/shootin' it with the waiter/busser/cashier cause this guy is trying to do three roles at once, nevertheless with calm and composure. Kudos to him, I would be ripping my hair out.

Would say again that service and decor could be a notch better. And if anyone from the store is reading this... do something about the dry limes! But all in all, this is a small mom/pop shop pho place has been just fine the way it is -- willing to look past some of the criticisms.

Upgrading my rating to 4 stars on popularity and freshness of pho and spring rolls.Ǿ
Great Vietnamese food server is always in a good mood and friendly! This is my go to spot every time I'm on the area.Ǿ
I went with my family to what used to be Golden Malay. Curiosity brought me here, to see that this restaurant didn't change any of its former furniture. As for the service and wait staff of one, it was efficiently run. They were kind enough to bring us hot water to heat up the baby bottle. They brought us more utensils when needed. The main thing....Our order of pho large bowl plus rice/grill meat dish were nothing special. 

The soup base was okay? I don't think it was cooked for hours, but done with beef stock and such. The meat portion was actually more than adequate. We had leftover pieces. 

The grilled meat was not what I'm used to for the rice dish. It was just stirred fried and placed on top of the rice...hmm, not authentic to the dish. 

I would not come back if I'm craving for pho, I'm sorry to say. They were nice and all, just my appetite was not as satisfied as I had hoped. Maybe I will give it another try. The people were nice, so I will come back. That's good business practice.Ǿ
Wonderful pho- the best we have ever had by far.  Highly recommend!  Added bonus for those who need gluten free- you can eat without worry. Will definitely be back.Ǿ
Gone twice now.... its good to find a place where I can count on getting a nice bowl of broth/noodle/meat.... dosn't necessarily HAVE to be Pho, in fact I not a big fan of Pho, so I tried the other offerings this place had like the chicken soup with noodle, an the spicy beef soup (very good). Also I grabbed a couple of pork spring rolls and the wrap had this nice little snappy crunch to it with a delishous filling. Mmmmmm good stuff.Ǿ
Time to kick this up a star!  The Beef Stew soup (BS01) is incredibly good. Full of flavour, not too spicy, a serious meal in a bowl. But they close at 8:30 PM, so get there in time!Ǿ
We came here expecting to see Golden Malay (a Malaysian restaurant which apparently closed down) but instead saw Just Pho-nomenal. This is a newly opened joint serving Vietnamese food. The ambiance was good and the restaurant looked very clean. Although, it was a bit weird that the waiter/owner were sitting in a booth and watching TV. There was just one other person in the restaurant. 

We ordered take out food and enjoyed watching "Who wants to be a Millionaire" while our food was being prepared :).

Took them about 10-15 mins to get the food ready, which was good. We tried fresh shrimp salad rolls, basil chicken which came with steamed rice and the extreme vermicelli bowl. The food had wonderful flavours and the spice level was just right. You can also ask them to make your food spicy if you prefer it that way.

Will definitely come back for more...especially their lunch specials (which run Mon-Fri for $7.50+tax). I need to try the calamari appetizer as well which sounds really good on the menu and of course, the pho to see how "phenomenal" it is!