If I could give it less stars I would. Food was good, typical breakfast nothing special. Service is HORRIBLE, they literally have no clue that they are working in or running a restaurant. While we were here 4 tables of people and a party of 18 got up and left because everything takes so long.笑
Excellent diner food. Especially breakfast. You can tell that they cook the food with love. Patty melts are my favorite there and I highly suggest ordering their fries! They're battered so they're crispy and crunchy on the outside and soft and hot in the middle. My husband recommends the meat lovers skillet as well as the Friday fish fry. So good! The atmosphere is quaint and comfortable but they could use a remodel because it's a little run down. Basic diner though. Great service too! Friendly staff and the food comes fast and hot.笑
This five star rating is going specifically to the Mexican Speciality dishes at the Corner Cafe. In a small, "corner of the menu" there are four simple Mexican plates that are delicious, you have to try them. We have a hidden gem in Belleville for true, authentic Mexican food fans. No cheese sauce or bland salsas here, only fresh pico de gallo and savory, complex red salsa with lots of depth and not an overwhelming amount of heat. The beans and rice that come on the side are really authentic and yummy. Make sure you order a side of red or green sauce with the chimichanga or burrito (they don't come smothered). The fajitas are served with fresh corn tortillas, the meat and veggies are perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the guacamole is so good. The chips are made fresh, too. Thick and crunchy and seasoned perfectly to go with the great salsa. We always do take-out because the atmosphere is not too exciting; however, the staff is very nice. If you're stopping through town, this is a great option for Mexican food with few options in town these days OR if you're from here, check out something new on the menu you may have been missing out on!笑
A great diner with quick and friendly service. Your coffee will be kept full! Great Friday night fish fry!