Tout simplement mon resto indien préféré!
Belle terrasse disponible l'été笑
This is my first time in Montreal. The service at this restaurant is very slow. I ordered wine and got it after reminding the waiter (took me 15 minutes to get his attention)... This was sadly after the appetiser. He never came to clear the table or ask what we wanted for dessert. Requested from another waiter just ONE DESSERT ... Still waiting 10 plus minutes later. The appetisers weren't appealing. The main course Was Passable. I am scared to ask for my check for it might take all night. I won't come here again .. As much as I am a big fan of Indian food .. I was truly disappointed.笑
Délicieux! Plats végétariens disponibles. Service inconstant d'une soirée à l'autre.笑
Indian food at its best, enjoyed the fresh Naam bread, butter cream chicken, mango lassi, and great appetizers. Great service and great ambiance!笑
I've been ordering delivery from this place for 4 years now and it's my go-to indian take away in the city. The vindaloo is delicious and so is the palak paneer. Their soups are earthy and delicious and delivery is quick. I've tried other places in the city but nothing beats Tabla.笑
The food really was overpriced for the small portions they passed off as being worth 15.99 the butter chicken was like a good microwave dinner nothing a small jar of butter sauce and some chicken cutlets at IGA would have probably been a better meal. Second platter was lamb vindaloo, small portion not like it mattered at this point, the sauce was too much heat for me but maybe it was ok  (I can't be a good judgment cause im not eating spicy foods like I use to to I don't have as much tolerance, but the lamb was on the chewy side. Third plate was chicken tiki masala and it was pretty good. I don't have much to compare it to but I thought it was pretty decent tasting the sauce was just enough sweet/spicy/creaminess and the Naan was fresh baked and doughy in the middle and crispy on the outside and tasted delicious in the tiki masala sauce. 
The mix rice stuff had like absolutely ZERO flavor... like it was made with a watered down flavor packet and old frozen veggie mix. Ordinarily I wouldn't know how that is suppose to taste but my neighbors wife  made me some and that shit (she owns rajastan on saint denis) and it was the bomb compared to the tasteless overpriced sad excuse this place tried to pass off.笑
Look elsewhere if craving good Indian food. My husband and I live in Rochester NY and the Indian food there is not quite what I'm used to as I grew up in Toronto. I thought for sure Montreal would live up to my expectations but I was disappointed. We didn't have data on our phones to check out the Yelp reviews beforehand so we decided to give it a try. Ambiance is nice with a good sized outdoor patio. Service was well paced. We ordered the butterfly prawn appetizer. When it came out it wasn't what I expected. It was flattened out prawn with a thick coating of breading. When I tried to bite in it was very hard and I couldn't even chew it. We sent it back. They apologized and asked if we wanted another plate of it. I said no thanks but they ended up bringing it anyway, on the house. That was considerate but I didn't want it in the first place. For dinner we got the karai ghost and a mushroom bhaji dish. We had to add salt to our dishes since it wasn't flavorful enough for our spice craving palates. Naan was good and fresh. Overall, disappointing flavorless Indian food.笑
Great location and excellent value for the amount and quality of food. In the main strip of Montreal's gay village, there was plenty to see while eating and relaxing in an outdoor setting. Vegetarian options were good as well.笑
La cuisine est plutôt fade et pas vraiment indienne. Le choix est limité et il n'y a rien de bien créatif au menu. Les assiettes semblent vides, la présentation n'est pas très bonne et on a encore faim après le repas.
Les prix sont plutôt élevés en soirée mais les tables d'hôte du midi sont abordables et globalement correctes. Le service est très, voire trop, rapide et assez froid. Quoique l'ambiance du restaurant soit bonne, on se sent poussé vers la sortie.笑
Ordered from this restaurant delivery order to my hotel. Looked it up and found a decent rate so decided to stay in my room watch a movie and get food from here. Because i was TOO LAZY.  

It took the order 52 minutes to get her which is a reasonable time. Now once i opened the bags there was no cutleries no plates no napkins nothing. They literally just sent me food. I had no way of eating the food. Considering that they knew i am staying a hotel they shouldve been more thoughtful and send me such stuff like any other restaurant does for take out or deliveries. So i ended up going downstairs to the lobby  to get cutleries napkins and ice for my room temprature coke that i eece

Now lets get to the most important thing. The food. 
We got butter chicken, chicken tikka massala, veg rice, normal rice , and nan bread with cheese. Considering the price the quality is not even close to being okay. Food was pretty bad and nothing tasted decent except their nan bread and yogurt sauce. Chicken tasted old and their sauces were very runny and flavourless. I was really disappointed. 

Thursday Aug 18, 7PM笑
Great lunch specials, so this is a regular stop for me. My personal favourite is the chicken sandwich which is literally a naan bread stuffed with tandoori chicken with all of the fixings. This with a starter salad and a dessert for under 9 $, wow ! 

The quality of the food aside the service runs a little slow sometimes after the food has arrived. We seem to always have to flag the waiter down to get our desserts... but that is okay, I prefer that then some of the other restos in town that are always trying to rush you through your meal to get you out as soon as possible !

Would I go out of my way to go to this resto, not really, I can think of other indian restos I would go to like the Taj downtown or Taj Mahal in Old Montreal; but, if you are in the village area then this is a sure thing. So don't hesitate if you are in the area, GO !笑
Tried their tarka dahl and naan for a lunch takeout.

Meh. Dahl was too soupy and the seasoning was bland. The naan tasted fresh and when I ate it about 10 minutes later, it was still hot and fluffy (not moist from condensation). The one naan bread wasn't enough to eat the dahl. I still had a half portion of lentils left over with nothing (including a spoon) to eat the rest of it up.

If you want good Indian food, take the trip to Jean Talon and check out the Indian restos in that hood.笑
630pm on Valentines Day. We had made reservations at a resaurant downtown, but wanted to eat with our fellow gays in the Village. Cut to us hopping on the metro to Gay Town! After spending a good 30min walking around trying to pick out a restaurant that A) had openings and B) didnt offer a V-Day menu we were famished and still at a loss. Seriously though, who searches for a restaurant ON V-Day? 

Anyway, from across the street we see the blue walls of Tabla. Walking in, I saw the typical pictures of all the Hindu gods/blue people, mixed in with the odd decor that is usually hung up at all indian restaurants. I am beginging to think that every Indian restaurant across the WORLD orders interior design elements from the same place. As we sat down, I was scared we were going to get mediocre indian fare to match the odd interior. Boy, was I wrong! I have had some pretty amazing indian food throughout my time, but this...THIS had to have been some of the best.

We started with dahl and samosas and a killer bottle of wine. We then had tandoori chicken(which came with a pile of spiced rice) saag aloo which was not the overly cooked spinach mass with a few potatoes typically seen, and some chicken dish in a spicy tomato sauce. As I was licking my plate clean, I realized Tabla was the perfect impromptu V-Day dinner. Much better than spending 85 dollars per person on a set menu of just "ok" food.笑
Decent food. I have eaten here many times over the years. I love Indian Food and know good Indian food. Food is probably a 3.5-4

The service has been variable but is usually pretty poor. This time the guy chased me down the street and told me I have to add another 15% to the bill. I told him the service was horrible. (Long Wait to be seated with many tables available, rude server, never brought water to the table and took 30 mins to fill my water cup up when I asked for a refill, put my silverware from the appetizer plate onto the dirty metal table and the server then got very upset when I asked for an additional napkin, naan came out finally after I had already eaten my meal, the dessert dish was very dry, the guy chasing me down the street to demand an extra 15%...haha i could go on ...but Im over it. Posting this review has been very therapeutic. In a nutshell decent food but poor service. I observed others around me and they looked pretty unimpressed as well.  I doubt i ll ever go back.笑
Terrible food! Unprofessional servers!

If I could give negative I would have. The restaurant servers are aged, rude and unprofessional bangladeshi men. We were asked to sit on table with soiled plates from the previous customers, on repeated requests (precisely 5 times) it was removed. 
While waiting for the clean up and the menu we turned sckeptical about the food( and we were so right..DRY and TASTELESS) seeing the dishes served around and ordered really minimal. They served us after 45mins and on our repeated inquiries about the food the server said that he thought we are not hungry hence he has not served us. 
Lastly to make our experience from terrible to worse he forced us to tip him. When my husband refused stating that we are neither happy with the food or the service. He said that since you have finished whatever you have ordered ( we just ordered 2 naan n dalh for 2 of us) its mandatory to tip in montreal. Really!!! I think thats they way the try to fool tourists like us. We left without tipping them and he started cursing us in french( of whatever little we know we could get few words).
They spoiled our last meal in montreal!!笑
Hands down the worst Indian food I had in Montreal. Service is TERRIBLE. It took em over an hour to bring our food out. The food isn't good at all. Don't bother going here

Food -  Meh
Service - Terrible
Ambiance - Ok 
Worth the money - No笑
Quel dommage que le Tabla Village ne soit plus aussi génial depuis un certain temps... Avant, nous avions de mignons serveurs dévoués et francophones, maintenant, nous avons des serveurs âgés, allophones, qui ne disent même pas bonjour et qui ne sont vraiment pas axés "service à la clientèle". Quand tu reçois ton dessert avant même d'avoir fini de manger, c'est vraiment nul! 

Avant, j'y allais une fois par semaine, c'était devenu une de mes cafétérias, les serveurs me connaissaient, m'offraient un service personnalisé et parfois même, des borfis gratuits... Aujourd'hui, lorsque j'arrive à 13h45-14h pour dîner (alors que le resto ferme à 14h30), on me presse et je me retrouve avec mon dessert et ma facture sur la table alors que j'ai encore un morceau de naan dans les mains. 

Si cela se limitait au service, je pourrais en faire mon deuil et continuer d'aller y manger, mais la nourriture aussi est moins bonne. J'ai toujours pris les mêmes 3-4 plats depuis plusieurs années et ils étaient toujours préparés de la même façon, toujours bien assaisonnés et relevés. Maintenant, lorsque je commande un poulet Jalfreizi, je ne sais jamais s'il goûtera comme celui que j'aimais tant ou que je ne mangerai pas la moitié de mon curry parce qu'il a été relevé autant qu'un Vindalou ou encore si je ne devrai pas ajouter du sel et du poivre parce qu'il est fade. Parfois presque pas de sauce, d'autres fois une sauce très liquide. Je ne vous parle même pas des currys sucrés comme le poulet au beurre et le korma, je n'en commande juste pu, ils sont encore pires!

Tabla Village, quel dommage! Tu étais ma cafétéria des lunchs dans le centre et mes soupers du vendredi soir... Maintenant, je ne te visite presque plus!笑
Voilà un resto inégal dans sa cuisine. Si j'avais écrit cet avis en y allant qu'un fois. j'aurais attribué sept étoiles! Mais non. Si tout était savoureux à la première visite, notre plaisir en  a pris pour son rhume la fois d'après. Les seules constantes: les pakoras et le naan. Très, très bons! Mais les plats... Le dansak au poulet était magique la première fois mais fadasse la fois d'après. Le cari d'agneau a également perdu ses qualité: la viande était tellement dure! Incroyable. 

Par ailleurs, je voudrais savoir pourquoi les plats en table d'hôte sont 
immangeables? L'agneau korma nous a été présenté dans une sauce sans goût et extrêmement liquide la deuxième fois. Alors que  la sauce korma du poulet hors table d'hôte était crémeuse et savoureuse. Trouvez l'erreur...

Clou de l'histoire: le basmati. S'il était parfait à la première visite, il avait étrangement l'allure du riz instantané la deuxième. Nous sommes demeurés incrédules.

Dommage, mais c'est ainsi. Plus de Tabla pour nous!笑
The place may have a really nice ambiance, deco, looks nice, and have a pretty looking menu, but when it comes to the food, it's just an average place serving Indian cuisine with jacked up prices. I can't fault them for the prices because almost all restaurants on this strip in the Gay Village are such and tend to target the tourist market. 

If you know Indian food then you'll know that the food is not prepared in an original Indian manner but its more Bangladeshi style which makes sense given the fact that those who run this business are Bangladeshi.  The appetizers and some curry dishes are alright but items such as Biryani misses the mark. In terms of service, the wait staff is somewhat friendly but they lack in checking in when you need them to. I noticed that they tend to mingle around the bar area for their chit-chat and bonding. One odd thing that they did is that they made us walk over to the bar area when we wanted to pay with a credit card, instead of running our card through the system and bringing a slip for us to sign, like every other restaurant does. 

I can say that I tried this place but it's not my favorite and I doubt I'll be returning unless I'm chased down the street and I need a place to hide and blend in with my people! :-)笑
Slow service. There were four tables and we waited a little long before we got our appetizers. Mild Indian food. I don't know much about genuine Indian food but this one is too mild and has buffalo sauce/chicken wings. We took a table d'hote to share. CC combo with chicken and shrimp. The portion is generous. The naan is perfect. The curry is average.
The ambiance is great. 

Worth the money or not? I would like to try their spicy dishes before I jump to conclusions.笑
Voilà un restaurant Indien qui goute les épices! 
Souper en amoureux à la Tabla, nous choisissons un des combos pour deux.
J'ai lu les avis d'autres personnes avant de m'y rendre. La plupart disent qu'ils sont sortis en ayant encore faim... J'avais peur!
Et ben je peux vous dire que NON!! Nous sommes sortis d'ici en roulant par terre tellement nous avions mangés!
Je ne me souviens plus exactement du nom des plats mais le boeuf était très bon, les légumes, épicés à souhait et le riz vraiment parfait! Oui, même le riz mérite une petite phrase! 
Le service était correct, mais côté déco et ambiance j'ai vu plus recherché.笑
17h30 on a Jazz Fest Sunday.  I wanted to go to the Buffet Samrat  for Indian cuisine, but it was closed and slated for redevelopment.  The window recommended Restaurant Tabla on Ste. Catherine Street, off the Beaudry subway station.  If you mention the Samrat, they will give you a 15% discount.

The place was deserted, but soon began to fill, those Montrealers not being in a hurry on a weekend.

Attractive decor, with batiks (I believe) of various Hindu deities.  Some banquettes available along the wall, and a patio in the summer.

The table d'hote, starting at CDN $12.95, comes with your choice of appetizers; I chose onion bhaji and a quality mixed salad.

I had a Taj Mahal beer as accompaniment, and as is the norm with Indian restaurant beer, it was decent but forgettably unobtrusive.

Served with a huge portion of rice, done to perfection, topped with something deliciously crunchy (forgive me, as I was distracted).

I ordered mushrooms, peas (beans) and cashews, served in a creamy orange sauce.

This was the finest Indian cuisine in memory, and I eat Indian regularly. Not highly spiced, but tasty and well-prepared, even fussy (parsley dustings around the edge of the plate).  Real linen on the table.  Large and heavy cutlery.  Shmancy, in other words.  And a welcome choice in an ethnic range which relies on the tried, though tasty, and true.笑
Pour quelqu'un qui n'est pas fan de coriandre ce resto est parfait! Les épices sont bien dosées, le service est rapide et l'option livraison ou à emporter (-10% sur la facture) reste très pratique, pour les jours où l'on n'a pas forcément l'envie ni le temps, de se cuisiner des petits plats. En salle, l'ambiance est correcte, même si un peu simple, le service est rapide et les petits chauffes-plats gardent les plats au chaud (c'est le but hein...) tout au long du repas. Des formules à partager pour 2 sont un bon choix car permettent de goûter à tout, ou presque. Dommage qu'il n'y ait pas de formule pour 3 par contre. Si dans d'autres établissements les plats pour 2 peuvent être mangés à 3, ici il n'y en n'a que pour 2. Petit bémol, le poulet tandoori :(笑
Super indien: du choix (idem pour les végétariens), des plats très copieux, des menus pour deux, une terrasse... la preuve, on y est allés 3 fois pendant notre séjour.
bref je recommande fortement!笑
I went to this place a couple of years ago...I think I may have gone twice it was so good. Not sure what's happened but it's gone downhill. The Aloo Ghobi was the worst I've ever had..not flavour at all. And the rest of the meal was just meh. Service was decent though. The decor is also worn down quite a bit. This place needs a total refresh.笑
I used to order take-out from this place nearly twice a week for a couple of months. Unfortunately delivery went from an average of 45 minutes to over an hour. One night delivery was nearly two hours long. Despite this I still continued to order, until one incident where they charged me for rice that was supposed to come with the meal. The top menu clearly stated that the chicken korma came with basmati rice, however when the driver came to my door (I had prepaid with my credit card over the phone) I noticed I was charged over $3 for the rice. I called and told them it was supposed to be included and I wanted them to refund my card. The man on the phone was extremely rude and told me I didn't read the menu correctly. 5 minutes later he finally pulled up top menu, and noticed that it did in fact say it came with rice. He said that the next time I ordered he's give me a free samosa. I said that I order there frequently, and the last time it took 2 hours for my food to arrive he promised a free samosa that never came. I was adamant at getting my $3 refunded and did not drop the issue. They did in fact refund the card after over 10 minutes of arguing with the rude man on the phone. They have burned this bridge. There are plenty of other indian restaurants in my neighborhood.笑
Very nice, tasty and fast service.  Try the lamb, juicy tender, lots of rice and nan bread!