Pros:
Very solid chili chicken

Cons:
Non-Hakka items leave a little more to be desired

We were feeling Hakka one evening and decided to try a place we've never been to before.  As anyone who reads my reviews knows, when it comes to Hakka in the GTA, Fredericks is the king.  Asian Garden is a pretty good choice for Hakka, but it won't be dethroning the king anytime soon.

I came in to order take out.  I don't think they have much staff in the back because even though the place only had one table seated, they told me it still would be a 20-25 minute wait for my food to be ready.  Asian Garden has a good amount of tables but I suspect that take out is the preferred way to go for most of their customers.

Of course when you go to a Hakka place, you have to order the chili chicken.  It is the standard for which I judge Hakka places.  Along with the chicken, I ordered some deep fried shrimp and a mixed vegetable stir fry.  

The chili chicken was pretty good.  It was a drier version than most others you find in the GTA.  It had a good blend of spices which give it a nice kick.  It was by far the best of the 3 dishes I ordered.  The deep friend shrimp looked like pretty big pieces.  When I bit into it, I found that it was actually a couple of smaller shrimps encased by a lot of batter.  It was still OK, but I felt a little misled by presentation.  The vegetables were clearly the dish I liked the least.  They just looked like vegetables you get when you go to food court Chinese food.  They don't seem to offer green beans here which is what I would of ordered usually.

In the end, Asian Garden is a pretty good pick for Hakka if you're in the area.  I would easily recommend their chili chicken and other Hakka specialties but would refrain from the non Hakka items. Also, paying in cash on pick up orders give you a 10% discount.Ǿ
I was looking for a reasonably priced Chinese hakka place in our area for the past 3 yrs. Was making trips to Scarbourough, Markham all this time. Found Asian Garden. Loved it !!! Great food, well priced. Nice staff. Good quantities and very flavourful. Will be going back again and again. Had the Shrimp Schezuan and Chicken Manchurian with Egg Fried Rice and Fried Noodles.Ǿ
Love the wonton chicken,hot n spicy soup,chilli fish,special chicken n shrimp fried rice/noodles...food is always fresh...yummy!!!Ǿ
Excellent food, but horrendous service. Took about 25 mins for the hot and sour soup to come out, considering there was only 1 other party next to us, I was a little upset. However, the soup didn't disappoint, absolutely delicious! We ordered the chili chicken, vegetable Manchurian w/ gravy and general Tao chicken, they were delicious! However, horrible service ruined dining here. Noodles and rice came so early that by the time each dish (which came one by one very slow) came out, everything was cold. Would advise to do takeout here! It seems like a no brainier and everyone was doing it.Ǿ
As far as Hakka restaurants go in the GTA - my goodness, there are loads to choose from now. We selected this place (based on the Yelp reviews) for take-out to feed a few hungry friends - yup, I'm that person! 

The gentleman on the receiving end of my order was courteous and quick to note everything down. You get a slight discount if you pay with cash. After 20 minutes I went to pick up my order of 8 or so vegetarian dishes. The bottom dish began to leak and I'm not a fan of improperly packaged takeout. 

The food was satisfying. Fresh but maybe slightly on the bland side of flavour. I wouldn't mind coming back but it's AGH is not yet the kind of restaurant that sends me into craving mode.

Lessons Learned:
1. I should maybe explore my area a little more.
2. There are many varieties of Hakka
3. Some people are very MSG-sensitive
4. If you're going to order here, ask for a little extra spice or salt.Ǿ
My craving for Hakka food surfaced halfway between work and home. My usual favourites were back near my office...what to do now? Upon firing up my trusty Yelp app and searching for the nearest Hakka Chinese take-out nearby I came across Asian Garden. The reviews were positive and the restaurant was only about 10-15 minutes off my normal route home. Let's go! 

Asian Garden is located in a small strip-mall type plaza on the South side of 16th just east of Bayview in Richmond Hill. I have driven past several times previously and had no idea this place was here. Upon arriving, the restaurant was empty (to be fair, it was only about 4:30pm) however the lady at the counter quickly offered me a take-out menu to peruse. The menu included the standard Hakka fair (Manchurian dishes, Chili dishes, pakoras, and hot and sour soup) in addition to regular Chinese favourites. As with every Hakka restaurant I've seen, Asian Garden is 100% Halal therefore no pork dishes or alcohol are available. Most of the reviews suggested the Chili Chicken (a staple test for any Hakka place I visit). I personally prefer the dry version (which has a stickier, thick sauce that clings to the meat). Unaware that they provide a small steamed rice, I ordered a vegetable fried rice as well. When I arrived home I was amazed at the quantity of fried rice they gave me for $7. It was easily enough for 3-4 people. The rice was lightly seasoned and not too dark/salty. Just the way I prefer it. The chili chicken portion was adequate for 2 people if accompanied by the rice. At around $10 I don't feel like it was undersized in the slightest (chicken isn't cheap). Taste-wise I enjoyed it however it had more soya sauce flavour than I prefer. Spice level was medium. They include a small container of chili vinegar and red chili sauce if you wish to add more heat to the dish. As usual, I ordered my dishes with no MSG and found the flavour of both the chili chicken and vegetable fried rice to still be very good.

I'm happy to have finally found a decent Hakka Chinese restaurant relatively close to home and hope to frequent Asian Garden again soon!Ǿ
Delicious Hakka food...the chili chicken is spectacular.  Definitely a hidden gem in Richmond HillǾ
Had a great take out experience last week.  Food was fresh and spicy.  I will be ordering again to try out more menu items.

Having read reviews, I ordered the Manchurian fish, chilli chicken and Singapore rice noodles.Ǿ
This place has one of the best chilli chicken with gravy in GTA.  Nice and spicy, but sometimes a little too spicy.   Some of the reviewers like the dry version, so does my brother.   I prefer the gravy version.  Try each one and decide for yourself.  :)    

For dinner,  I like the schezuan beef.  It has a spicy tomato flavor.

If you are in the area around lunch time, you should go for their lunch special which I thought was very reasonable price for what you get.Ǿ
After a couple of years of dining, I can confidently state their dry chilli chicken is the best in R-Hill and surrounding. A lot of their other dishes are tasty as well, always hot and on point. Waiting times can vary, owners tend to 'open up' if they recognize you, otherwise the transaction can be quite dry. Worth it.Ǿ
Best hot and sour soup!!! Some of their dishes can be too salty, but just need to specify to reduce salt. We always get takeout, nobody ever dines in.Ǿ
I've eaten here twice now, great meals both times. Both visits I ordered the chilli chicken. The first time I had the dry style and gravy style the second time, both delicious but I prefered the dry style better.

The lunch specials are fairly priced under $10 and you get a spring roll with your food and the option of a can of pop or a hot and sour soup. I'm not a fan of hot and sour soup so I can't say anything about that.

I will be going back again, it's close to work and there are a few different lunch specials that I need to try out  still.Ǿ
We decided to try a place in Richmond Hill as we just moved here but the service was poor 
we would say Thank You They did not respond with welcome  I paid she did noteven say Thank You come again I did Not Like this place and will never go Back so I dont recomend this place.Ǿ
Oh man, was this restaurant incredible!

Went in for lunch/dinner with my good friend since we were looking for a new place other than the usual spots we visit out of convenience and/or value for our money. While I am the person that will spend good money in search of excellent food, my friend just wants a lot of food for a good price. Upon checking other Yelpers' reviews, it certainly sounded and looked (by the photos) that this just might be the place that would meet both of our needs!

Now, this place serves Hakka Chinese style food. If you are not familiar with this, I'm sorry that up to this point you have been so sheltered. Please familiarize yourself as soon as possible and thank me later.

The place itself. Very clean, standard Chinese food restaurant and decor so very comfortable and non-intimidating. 

The staff were incredibly nice and pleasant to us, making sure that we knew the servings we ordered were not small!!! But, nonetheless, we pressed on and ordered a large Egg Drop Soup, both variations of the Chili Chicken, which also included a serving of steamed rice per order, a Chicken Fried Rice (you can easily determine the quality of a Chinese restaurant by the way they prepare fried rice) and the Hakka Special Noodles. 

The soup was great! Was not oily or over salted like you may have had elsewhere. The Chili Chicken was not a tongue killer but just perfect for anyone to enjoy who is looking for a good spicy dish. The Fried Rice, though? You know you score a damn good Fried Rice when there are large pieces of chicken in there and not tiny, diced up pieces of overcooked white meat of which no flavour could be ever returned to.

While my bud finished all of his feast (unsurprisingly. Sorry, you know who you are!) I could not, and I was given a container to take this awesome food home to enjoy later on! I will also add that the staff were very good with checking on us and making sure that we had our water topped up and we were grateful and appreciative for this.

Loved everything that I ate, no complaints from me whatsoever. My bud wanted to come back the next day, but they are not opened on Monday, haha!

Definitely coming back again and again... And again, whether it be take-out or dine-in. 

So good that I over-tipped!Ǿ
This place is great! I've never had Hakka food before and this restaurant was my first experience eating Hakka food. 

Food tasted delicious and the service was exceptional! It is a family-run business so they're always so friendly and attentive. I definitely felt comfortable eating there. 

I would recommend 1) Chili chicken 2) Machurian Fish 3) Fish/Chicken pakoras; You also get a fortune cookie at the end which I thought was cute. Overall, I wish more people knew about this great place to dine in!Ǿ
Ordered for take out here. The chili chicken DRY was excellent with a satisfying amount of heat. The Manchurian shrimp with gravy was rather bland...almost watered down tasting and the szechuan veggies were not as spicy or flavorful as I was expecting. Standard fried rice and Singapore noodles. Large portions of rice and noodles. Would go back to get their chili chicken.Ǿ
Picked up food for lunch the other day. I ordered a small vegetarian hot and sour soup; the soup was flavourful, delicious, and a great portion size. I then ordered their one of their spicy mixed vegetable dishes. The dish was good but the veggies were a tad mushy and over cooked. I will be back to try, but to dine in next time. 
I am glad they have a great variety of vegetarian options, especially the hot and sour soup.Ǿ
Love Hakka cuisine in general. This restaurant is small with very casual, family owned business with grandma working along with son and daughter in law and one girl as the waitress, the staff is not friendly whatsoever. I have been here several time but they are more busy with their pickup catering then actual seat down and eat. 

Good size portions and all they curry or dry dish tastes the same for less price. All the gravies are same tasting. Despite that my friend I went here on regular basis

However I stopped going here when once we ordered fish and chicken pakora and you won't believe the it came out totally uncooked. As in it was fully cooked from outside but totally pink and wet from inside. So I asked the waitress if she can request chef to cook it properly so I split open one chicken pakora in front of her. She had the guts to tell it. It's Cooked and it looks like that. I looked at her and said I am not an expert in cooking but I am an expert when it comes to eating maybe I am and this is not cooked what so ever so please take it. She looks at me confuse and takes it away. 5 mins later she comes out with the same pakora that the chef has deep fried and now it's all burned and it's not raw from the inside. I called her again and made her take it away and so she did and she rolled her eyes at me too. The only customer service I got was they didn't charge me for the food I didn't eat. 

For some reason my phone always loses its network range when inside. Maybe it's my phone.Ǿ
The food is ok but the service is very slow... Even for take out they're slow. I wouldn't come back here to sit down for food.. It takes them almost 40 minutes to bring out the food if your sitting down in the restaurant. They are severely under staffed and this is definitely a family ran restaurant... I don't think they hire any other people besides there own family members.. The chili chicken is one of there special things here from what i've tried. 

For take out I would suggest you call way before hand because they always use the excuse it's gonna take a long time because they just don't have enough staff.... After so many years they have been open I would of thought they would got the hang of this but I guess not.... Good for places nearby if you live in the area. But not really worth the place and having to wait a long time for food. Waiting is norm at this place. So better bring your book, laptop or whatever you gotta do to kill time because it's gonna them awhile......Ǿ
I must add that this place is very cheap with their rice. I've ordered 2 main dishes and they gave me one small container of rice. When I went back to get another, they charged me for another one. 2 dishes should = 2 containers of rice. I tried to point that out but nope. I'm on my last nerve w this place. They're lucky their food is great.

I love the chili chicken though I really wish they used white meat and not a mixture with fat. It could also have more gravy. Otherwise, I really enjoy this dish. The hot n sour soup is boring. The manchurian veggie fried rice and hakka noodles are good too. I've had the sweet n sour chicken and that's good.
After visiting her many times and always getting the chili chicken i must say that im kinda disappointed that they refuse to make the chili chicken with only meat. I always get chunks of fat and cartilage with my order. Its absolutely disgusting. The man is pretty rude in answering as well when i ask to get it with only meat.Ǿ
I have been to Asian garden for few times and every time was my best time. Food was always good. I have tried chicken corn soup (my kids love this), hot and sour soup, Prawn pakoora, chicken manchurian, lemon chicken (my favourite) and many more.... still while writing these dishes my mouth get watered :)

The service is always very good with a clean environment. Usually there are few people who come and dine in and most of the people do take aways so you can easily getǾ
my favourite asian joint hands down. 
Best chicken fried rice and chilli chicken. 
For the price and quality, you can't beat it anywhere in GTA. 

The only bummer is that it's not open Mondays.Ǿ
I regularly went to Asian Garden when I lived in Richmond Hill, and always found the food to be excellent. Their Chili Chicken Dry is awesome, and their Lemon Shrimp was also a favorite. The owner is also super friendly, but they once had a new employee who was a total incompetent. Luckily I only saw her once. Definitely the best Hakka place in the area.Ǿ
I've eaten here 3 times now. Their service is A-OK but the food is pretty good. Highly recommend the chicken pakora, hot n sour soup, chicken corn soup, chilli chicken (dry) and hakka noodles.Ǿ
You've never tried really great  Chili chicken til you try Asian garden's.  I'm a big fan of their Chili chicken dry and their Manchurian chicken with gravy.  The Manchurian fish is worth mentioning as well,  with the crunchy fish batter and the delicious sauce. Rice is most of the time included in one order of dish.  I usually prefer to call in my order for pickup as it gets busy especially on  Friday.  Big servings,  which means leftovers for the next day,  I'd take it anytime. Service is fast,  the couple who owns the place are very welcoming and nice .  Place is clean and tidy.  I can eat here everyday,  except Mondays when they're closed.Ǿ
Small family run restaurant, service and interior decor isn't bad but won't blow you away.
The food itself is amazing, fair prices and big portions. If I'm getting Hakka in RH area this is where I always go.Ǿ
Great atmosphere, great service, great food and amazing prices! No need to drive to Mississauga and brampton anymore for halal! Have gone a few times, always a great experience.Ǿ
In the quest to find a decent Hakka place near my place, I stumbled upon Asian Garden.  Over the last year, I've been here a lot of times and I have to say, they will do in a pinch but I've had better.  Better, but not local to me.
I rate all Hakka on their Chilli Chicken and both their dry and gravy version is A-OK.  Nothing too outstanding.
The gravy version seems to lack flavour and their dry is too burnt and a little hard to eat (not as hard to eat as Hakka #1 - it was so hard and dry it actually scratch the inside of my mouth!)
The hot and sour soup is pretty decent too.  Overall a good meal deal as a combo for lunch - which they do a brisk amount of biz for takeout.
The gent that runs the place is a little stand-off-ish.  He is abrupt and tough to understand, however, he grows on you as you become a regular.  The woman is nice but again, you need to become a regular for them to warm up to you.
All these reviews and I'm starting to get hungry!!!Ǿ
One of my new favourites. This restaurants serves up delicious Hakka food at reasonable prices. Undoubtedly the BEST Hakka restaurant in the Richmond HIll area.Ǿ
Love their chilli chicken and lemon pepper fish! I just get take-outs. Their decor and lighting offer no incentives to dine in.Ǿ
My first Indian Hakka food experience and it was good!  Asian Garden is one of those hidden in plain sight restaurants that will make you go, why didn't I try this one before!  

Chinese food with Indian flair can be a fantastic food trip indeed.  It's the spices they use that make the difference and a nice a good kick in their food items - a conspicuous combination of turmeric, cayenne, etc.  Imagine your typical Chinese staples:  Chow-Mein to be more yellow with a ticklish sizzle in the palette; or Beef with Broccoli (and oyster sauce) that`s more saucy with a hint of unusual spice, etc.  When in doubt, just ask if the item is spicy or not.  We had to verify whether our Chicken Hakka Chow Mein was!  Shrimp Pakora, whole shrimp balls with something-something inside - really spicy perhaps extremely hot for some, but I love it!

They offer a lot of Manchurian and Szechuan dishes (spice hubs!), as well as, some Cantonese, Singaporean, and Thai style food items.  They also have a nice array of Vegetarian dishes!  

It's a quiet place to dine in and my family likes places like this away from home. Some people might take it as this place is not doing too well BUT you'll be surprised how the take-outs are very busy.  No wonder because its 10% off on pick-ups of orders more than $15 before taxes!...but cash only, excludes Lunch Specials (oh well).  Lunch Specials starts at $5.95 with 8 items to choose from, and $6.95 with 10 items on the list.  Offered Tues-Fri.  How fantastic is that for lazy-to-cook moms like me - those moments do come once in awhile.  :D

Yeah, you should definitely check this place out!  You're gonna love it.Ǿ
This is my favourite place to get hakka food! I love its chili chicken dry, chili shrimp gravy, and schezwan vegetables. I generally leave this place feeling satisfied from its food and customer service. 

The only case where I dealt with a little bit of frustration was when the server took down my order wrong and served us something else. Instead of replacing my order with the right one, he tried to convince us that what we ordered is the correct dish and that we should accept the wrong ordered dish (clearly because he didn't want to waste the food).

I decided to go along with it and ate the dish anyways to prevent problems. Only after we finished the dish, he admits that he made a mistake and that the order was wrong.  

I would suggest when ordering, have the server write down the dish number as well.

Overall, it's great tasty food and good price.Ǿ
I've never had Hakka food before but it was absolutely delicious! I give the food a 4/5. But what I didn't like was the service as the waitress seemed a bit rude. When we first sat down she had heard us saying we wanted the Chicken Pakora & asked us if we wanted to order it now as it took 20 mins to prepare. However, we were still waiting for two others to arrive & didn't want to order anything yet. Then she kept coming back (2x?) to ask about the order. It was the attitude that was questionable. i remember the bill being dropped on the table, no smiles, looked pissed.... 

From memory, we had...
Asian Garden Special Hakka Chow Mien - the photo in the menu looked better but still tasty.
Chili Chicken - tasty and a little spicy. i liked this more than the chicken pakora
Chicken Pakora - great w/ a little sauce
Shrimp Friend Rice - great for those who don't enjoy spicy foods. yum yum 
Beef Fried Rice - this was prob. my fav. there was a bit of spice in there and it really gave it a little kick
some other veggie dish

It only cost about $10 per person (for 6 ppl). What a great price ! 

They take reservations but you might not need it on any day except Saturday. Lots of parking.Ǿ
The food is okay not the greatest hakka place but it's the only one closest to me. The hakka noddles weren't properly cooked and the vegetables were bit burned. If you are like me and like good service I advice not to go here because it's not worth it. The server and the old guy that's at the cash are mean. I said thank you and hello and they just ignored it. It was half hour before closing an they started shutting the whole place down and made us feel the need to leave so we rushed and left.. I wouldn't go go since the food is not the best and service is just terrible...Ǿ
Got takeout, still the best hakka restaurant in Toronto. 

Got the fried rice, chili chicken and chili beef, and they were all good as usual.

Tried the chicken wontons for the first time. There not bad but probably could use so,e more filling, tasted kind of doughy.Ǿ
Good food. If you're dining in, it can get a little awkward with how quiet it is and you can you hear your neighbours conversation and vice versa. The servers are awesome and helpful. The chicken wontons are the reason i keep coming back. The garlic chicken (gravy) and Manchurian chicken fried rice are good. It is also Halal!Ǿ
Wait for food for more then 30mins when the place is empty. Service is also not that great. Won't be back againǾ
Chilli chicken was phenomenal.Ǿ
I had a few dishes from the take-out menu and to my surprise, the dishes were not only "healthy" but grey-An anomaly in a "Hakka Chinese"restaurant; There was little spice and little sauce, although initially disappointing but later reassuring on the health initiative!Ǿ
I was introduced to this place by my girlfriend, and boy am I glad that she did. The manchurian shrimp, chilli chicken, and chilli beef are some of the best I've had. The spicy dishes here are actually spicy, and packed with flavor. This place also has one of my favorite chow mein in the city. Prices are fair, service is OK, but the food top grade.Ǿ
Ordered Chilli Chicken, Chicken pakoras and house special friend rice.  Fried rice was OK . Chilli Chicken and Chicken Pakoras were awesome . It was hot and fresh , not too spicy just perfect.  It is authentic Indian hakka. Would recommend the place. 

Service is okay , a little on the slow side . Place is clean and very simple . 

Kitchen closes half hour before actual closing time, but still available for take out. 

10 % off on take out orders over $15 if you pay cash.Ǿ
Great food, fantastic prices, and most importantly consistent quality regardless of dine in or take out.

All around great restaurant!

The Manchurian Special Chow Mein is great, as are the Pakoras. I have been a number of times and have not yet been disappointed by anything on the menu.Ǿ
if you are looking for Indian version of Chinese this is the place! awesome food. Loved the fried rice and manchurian. the owner and staff are very friendly! would love to visit againǾ
Not a bad place! It was small, which I really like. Food was spicy, so it was perfect for me! I ordered the chili chicken w/ gravy. It wasn't the best because the dish had so much garlic, it overpowered the taste of the chili. I won't deduct points off that bc I love garlic in my food. Took off a star because the food wasn't as good as Wanlee Xie (middlefield and steeles). It's obviously on the other side of town, but if you get a chance, I recommend Wanlee over this place.

Overall 3.5 stars.Ǿ
I really liked this place. One of the best Asian places. Food is always fresh and it's not pricy compare to other. More over meat they serve is halal so it has a little bit different taste. You may also order for pickup.Ǿ
I'm not sure what all the hype is about.  This place was average at best.  Hot and sour soup was decent but nothing to come back for.  Chicken pad Thai was greasy and lacked flavor.  Dining area was very plain and lacked atmosphere.  It was dead silent I the restaurant as there was no music.  First and last time here for me.Ǿ
Came here with work people and i was impressed with the service and food.

Lunch Special:

Manchurian chicken (dry or gravy) with rice and a soup or pop $6.95 + taxes.

The food was very flavourful unlike other Hakka places i have been to where it was bland.  Will be back for sure.