I am a complete newcomer to Toronto, arrived literally 4 days ago. The transition from one country to another has got me a little bit down and confused. Especially in terms of food Canada is just so different. When I read the other reviews I decided to check this place out. Invited my father out for fish and chips and beer. When we arrived (9PM ish) the pearl diver was full, and we were offered seats at the bar. The service was very good, especially the bartender. I got the burger with added cheese and bacon (18$), and a chocolate milk stout (4.50$)from an old beer pump. To be honest, if I was to eat one thing while living here for the next few years it would be this. The fries that came with the burger were perfect - crispy and salty. The burger itself was glorious, probably the best one I ever had. 
My father got fish and chips(18$) which was good but nothing super exciting like the burger. The crisp on the fish is super crispy, and the fries were just as good as mine. Overall I think that if you are in GTA, this is the place to go to, even if it means walking half the city.笑
We had an excellent dinner here! Service was great and food was even better. I'm going back for oysters, but this time we had the chowder, which was so flavorful and tasty. We also had the Caesar salad and it was topped with pork belly chunks--so so good! The dressing was awesome too. And we also shared an order of the calamari. It was perfectly fried and just the right amount of crunch. The sauce was good too. New favorite spot!笑
My buddy and I had the seafood circus (seafood tower), frites, some Fanny Bays, a dirty martini and a Caesar. Ended with the lychee coconut panna cotta. Everything was perfect. Everything on the tower tasted great. There was a nice variety and everything went well together. We will definitely be back on a Tuesday when it's half priced.笑
Started coming here when it was still called Starfish years ago.  Food is always excellent, wine list is small but spot-on to match their menu, and the beers on offer are excellent with a dozen oysters.  The combination of great food and it's relaxed atmosphere is perfect.  And there is no better sticky toffee pudding in Southern Ontario.

Service is generally good - only had one hiccup ever.  Last time we were there our mains came before our oysters because the bar guy / shucker was really busy.  Turns out the guy causing the slowdown was Kevin Brauch from the Food Network (a friend of the owner).  Kevin came over to apologize, gave us a second dozen oysters on the house for the delay, and then took us to the bar to teach us how to mix and match flavours for the perfect cocktail.  A pretty good way to make up for a 10 minute delay.

Should also try the Ceili Cottage - same owners, same quality of food, but a more traditional Irish pub theme.笑
Best oyster in Toronto! Malpeque oysters are fresh and sweet. It is beyond delicious! Juiced scallops and mussel are addictive. If u are a seafood lover, you will fall in love with this restaurant!笑
Great little place. The calamari was super yummy crispy and not chewy/rubbery unlike the normal breaded calamari. We took a chance on this place and it paid off. Great find!笑
Truly one of the best seafood places I've been to that won't break the bank ($20-25) an entree! 

The grilled sea bass was comparable to freshly grilled fish from the seasides of Turkey. The mussels and frites came in an authentic coconut cream that I even drank as soup afterwards (shamelessly)

Will be back for their $15 dozen oyster nights!!笑
Get here on a Thursday and enjoy their 100 oysters special. Then top off your meal with their sticky toffee pudding :) They also have a good late night menu and specials on other nights which my family and I definitely enjoyed after a Raptors game. All the food is great. Planning another trip back here. Highly recommend!笑
This place was great. Great food, great service, great decor. I satay he bar and was immediately approached by Liam who introduced himself and asked my name. He was super attentive without hovering and have good suggestions for drinks and food. I tried a bunch of appetizers and could have made eaten more of every one. 

Oysters were very fresh and shucked well.
 
Fried calimari was selfish and had a sweet chili sauce that had a strong Thai flavor

Cured fish platter had gravlax, tuna ceviche that was sweet and creamy (different but very good) , sesame octopus (favorite) and seared tuna. 

Grilled sardine was best with a squeeze of lemon. 

If I'd been in town 2 nights I would've come back again and tried more stuff.笑
Went here last night for the first time. The service was very friendly and welcoming.  Got seated at the bar despite them being bust and us not having a reservation.  The Oysters were the best I have had in the city. Looking forward to going back.笑
The oysters are amazing! Pricing is a lot, but it is reasonably priced for such great quality seafood!笑
I came here on a double date a few weeks back on a Saturday night based on the reviews I've read here. I was disappointed because I didn't find the food to be as good as the reviews here state. Here's what we ate:

Chicken Liver Pate: This was weird. It came with a brulee sweet coating that you had to crack through to get to the pate. It made for a weird texture when mixed with the pate, and the pate itself I didn't find to be tasty at all. The others at my table agreed. Also, the bread that they give you for the pate is slice bread toast. 

Mussels and fries: The mussels were pretty good, but all the sauce was at the bottom of the bowl. The top half of the mussels are dry and really could use the coconut broth underneath. On the upside, it is a large portion. Once we reach the broth with our spoon, the dish got better. The fries at this place are great: thin and crispy with the perfect amount of salt. 

Fish and chips: Again, pretty good, but I've had better fish and chips at other restaurants that aren't seafood restaurants. Not even close to being as good as the fish and chips at Fresco's in Kensington. But again, a good sized portion. 

Pickerel: This was probably the best of all the dishes. I liked the salsa verde it came with, along with the cherry tomatoes and other grilled veggies. The cook on the fish was fantastic, with a nice crispy skin. But I do think the dish could have used more seasoning. Definitely could have used some salt on both the fish and veggies. 

The vibe was lively and friendly. Our waitress seemed nice, but I couldn't really hear her because it was a loud night. She seemed a bit frustrated herself because she was half-yelling to talk to us. 

Overall, I don't think there was anything about this place that would make me want to return. It was okay, but nothing amazing.笑
Amazing experience！Best oyster bar in Toronto. Recommend the chicken liver and oyster pate, the Argentina shrimp and of course the oyster. The oyster I like most is the one from Ireland, 4.75 for each. It is kind of expensive but it worths the price. Tasted like  milk.笑
Cozy nondescript restaurant from the outside with a great cinematic view of St. James park. I walked in without a reservation and luckily they had a table for two. I ordered 6 oysters from the East coast which were so delicious. I would've ordered more had I not ordered my entree. I substituted a salad for frites and couldn't be happier. They also hand shred the horseradish which gives it a milder flavor and with vinegar was a perfect pairing for the fish. My colleague got the mussels and frites and the portion was superb. She loved the broth and finished it with a spoon. We also ordered grilled bread which was. A perfect pairing for the seafood. For dessert we ordered espressos and I got the black sesame cake. My colleague ordered the blue cheese creen brûlée. Unfortunately I was unsatisfied with the black sesame cake. Chiffon cake was light and fluffy but lacked the black sesame flavor that should have popped. Also the smears of jasmine rice and rhubarb ice cream made the dish look messy especially on a black plate. They should reduce the size of the chiffon cake so it fits the ratio to the sauce offered. The blue cheese creek brûlée aaa the star and was to die for!! Do not pass it up.笑
Dinner at 6 pm on 9/6/15 - very disappointed, service was very, very slow, the waitress totally forgot to bring our appetizers. the steamed mussels tasted great but were tiny. we asked the waitress if she might turn down the music a bit, she replied we have a strict music policy and cannot make adjustments with out management approval. we will not return.笑
Excellent spot for late dinners and for oysters! There's not a lot of good late night dinner spots in Toronto and they're open until 1am many nights of the week. Our waiter was awesome and even gave us a complimentary New Zealand oyster for us to sample.  The prices are very reasonable too, less than the other oyster spots in town.笑
Last week my review would have been 4 stars. Our first visit was great. The second not so much. Despite an honest statement from the manager that if if there were any service problems we should give him a shout - service was slow. I ordered a particular belgian beer from the selection of Belgians (on the board and on the menu... so its a thing) and it took them a while to discover that they did not have my choice. Or ANY Belgians at all! They were all gone and they didn't know!!!

Ok. Disbelief aside. After 35 minutes I still didn't have a drink. 

The food was good again but not quite as "on" as the first time. We might try them again but it won't be at the top of the list.

Prices are pretty good for the quality here - btw. That may swing it for some of you.笑
Being an oyster virgin I was a bit hesitant to attend the 100 oysters for $100.00 evening planned with 20 close friends.  But after reading the other offerings in the menu I decided to take the plunge.  I am sure glad I did.
Although on a smallish scale the restaurant has quite a few large booths where you can have a good nosh and visit with friends.  The bar was also very inviting where you could watch the shucking happen!
We were lucky enough to have the back room all to ourselves.  Very comfortable room which felt like a very relaxed living room with pictures all over the walls along with bookshelves filled with cookbooks on various types of food and of course seafood!  There was also a record player with a good number of lp's to choose from and play to your hearts content.
We were honoured to have the owner (and Guinness World Record holder) Patrick extol the virtues of oysters as to flavours, sizes and also in shucking!
For our 100 for $100.00 (which ended up being 200 for $200.00) we had a choice of Fanny Bay oysters which were quite large and the smaller Little Shemogue.  The later was supposed to be milder and somewhat sweeter and that they were.  Since this was my first time I decided to not add any of the condiments and just try to experience the full flavour of the oyster.  Although I only had 3 oysters in total, 2 of the Little Shemogue and 1 of the Fanny Bay I can honestly say I enjoyed the Little Shemogue oysters over the Fanny Bay oysters but maybe I have to try a few more to have a better understanding of an oyster palette.
With regards to the menu choices, loved the grilled cheese which they kindly made for us although they do not serve at dinner.  The sourdough bread used was a real treat.  Also loved my order of kalamari.  Crunchy while at the same time being tender and the dipping sauce of sweet chilli, ginger and lime had just enough kick to it.  My main was the PD Mussels with ginger, chilli, lemongrass, coconut milk and cilantro.  The flavours and the aromas in the broth were to die for.  Also came with a large bowl of frites which I though I would not be able to finish but did a very good job of it as they were delicious as well.
My one regret was that I was too full to try any of the desserts.  
I see a trip to Pearl Diver in the near future to rectify that!笑
Great happy hour oyster deal. $1 oysters. Cannot beat that. Beers on tap and good service. Nice to sit at the bar and watch the oysters get shucked. Crispy calamari was ok. Would try the po boy or burger on a future visit.笑
Wow o wow! This gem is tucked away & worth scoping out! I had the FRESH Oysters, a crisp salad & rich clam chowder for dinner. It was terrific! And even better-it was happy hour prices. While there was a steady supply of customers, and they were seating reservations, we were seated promptly and served quickly.笑
Service was beyond bad. Twice we came here and the kitchen was slow to a crawl. We were starved beyond recognition. Worst is twice we were there they weren't even busy. Servers were untrained half wits running around with no purpose or understanding of service. Props for the grilled sardines though.笑
I previously came here for a Yelp event and I had an amazing time! But this time around, I came here with a large group for my sister's birthday and I received the same level of service if not better. There was about 15 of us and we were seated in the private room located at the back of the restaurant. The room was nicely decorated with mason jars and even an old fashioned record player. For such a large group, the service was impeccable. Our server was very attentive and friendly. She was very efficient and was able to get everyone's order right without writing it down.  She made sure we had everything we needed, she was so helpful that she even let me borrow a phone charger! The manager also came by asked how our meals were and even served our group complimentary shots for the birthday girl.  

Another highlight of the night was the delicious burger that ordered. It was probably one of the best burgers I've eaten. It was juicy, full of flavour, and cooked to perfection. I definitely would order this again and try their other seafood items.

Great service, great place!笑
Fabulous! So glad we came for an early dinner. Awesome food for a great price, highly recommended.笑
The maleque and fanny bay oysters were delicious! Came for a weekday lunch and enjoyed the 12 oysters for $18 deal. Also had the burger which tasted great and a good deal at lunch. Will come back on a Tuesday to try the seafood circus!笑
Awesome place.  I sassed waiter he gave us drinks oth 10/10, would recommend to any of my friends.  Loved the décor.  attractive waiter笑
Pearl Diver is a casual seafood restaurant ideal for small groups, date nights and families.  The daily specials are a great value especially the Tuesday Seafood Circus Platter and Thursday 100 for $100 Oysters.

Food - Decent quality - fresh and plentiful but not the higher end quality of many $$$ seafood restaurants on Yelp.

Oyster menu has good variety but quite a few were not available at the time due to seasonality or supply.  

Seafood Circus Platter - Probably an okay value at $65 regular price but a steal on Tuesdays at $29! 
- a dozen oysters - mixture of Fanny Bay and Malpeque - were fresh and tasty.
- 3 jumbo shimps - not as flavourful as others i've had - a bit on the rubbery side
- 1 crab leg - decent quality but a bit of work to remove
- 4 cold mussels - didn't like these that much - texture was too firm
- 4 pieces of seared tuna - was pretty good

You can probably tell I felt the quality was OK but not above average.

Service - Friendly and attentive.  Servers were knowledgeable about the types of seafood and oysters.

Environment - louder, bustling ambiance with wooden tables in open concept.  Younger crowd overall especially for the special nights.

I would give it 3.5 stars if I could - primarily for the value and selection vs the quality of the seafood.笑
Great place for oysters. Ordered a dozen and they were large and fresh. Other food looked really good also.笑
Solid dishes. The standout of the night was the scallops! The scallops had a great flavor combination--the sweet chutney, bitter kale, and savory bacon combined with a tender scallop was perfection. 

The dozen oysters were incredibly fresh, but could've used a little more cleaning. Be warned that the Monday special oysters may not be shucked with much care. 

Everything else was done very well.笑
My husband and I went there for our anniversary. We ordered chicken liver pate, seafood circus, salmon tandoori, and grilled whole fish. Seafood was great and fresh. We definitely go back for oysters again!笑
If you're looking for a casual spot with good seafood, look no more.

We made reservations to come here on a Tuesday night after hearing about the $29 Seafood Circus tower special. Word on the street is that it comes with seafood (i.e. crab leg, oysters, muscles, clams, tuna, shrimp) served on a three-tier platter, afternoon tea style. Only thing is...it's one tower for every two people. So be prepared to just have your tastebuds teased after devouring one tower in 5 seconds (JK - maybe 10). 

One hold back I must say is the expensive price for drinks. I've never paid $15 for a caesar before, especially not at what I thought is a casual restaurant. Maybe it's just me. And maybe the shucked oyster laid on top of the caesar made it worthwhile. Maybe...笑
Decided to check out this spot with a friend after hearing that they had oyster specials. The food and service were great. We both enjoyed some white wine - my friend had the Kim Crawford Sauvignon blanc (always delicious) and I tried their Chablis wine from France (first time trying this wine and it was tasty!)

We ordered a dozen oysters, the special was  an assorted mix for $30, they were fantastic. (Fresh and loved the homemade cocktail sauce). We also enjoyed the mussels and frites - also very nice. We particularly liked the lemongrass in the broth and the spoons and tutorial on how to enjoy they yummy broth with the mussel shells. We saw some dishes coming out of the kitchen that looks so tasty as well, lobster and the fish and chips in particular. (We will try it out next time).

Delighted by the service from everyone, one person in particular made our evening. Kevin Brauch! Yes, the host from Iron Chef America! He was so nice and told us the owner is his childhood friend and he was helping him out. Very nice guy, and even better he gave us a scotch on the house! 

We will definitely be back.

Thanks again!笑
We went for dinner for our anniversary. Calamari was incredible and the oysters were fantastic and they were very knowledgeable. I would suggest this for a great affordable seafood place!笑
This is my favourite bar/restaurant in Toronto!
I love this place, surprisingly/ not surprisingly their burger here is delicious!
I've had brunch here before, and their potatoes were out of this world.
It's honestly just great quality food in a beautiful setting. My favourite treat thing to do is to sit at their beautiful resin bar. Also before 6 pm I like to take advantage of their beer specials, though lets be honest all beers are pretty special.笑
Everything about this place was just perfect. This is coming from a Manhattan restaurant goer. Went there three days in a row while on a business trip. Highly recommend.笑
This place is a must stop if you love seafood, craft beer and a cozy atmosphere.

Staff shucker Paddy who is an absolute treat schucks hundreds of oysters in record time! He is passionate about seafood and serving good to good people. You may want to ask him the restaurant's history, which is quite interesting!

The oysters are perfect, with great sauces and great value!
I also tried grilled cheese, sliders, and the sticky toffee pudding and would highly recommend it all. Nice rich food, without the rich price tag. 

They make their own craft beer which is wait for it.... Oyster Stout! Although the Oyster flavor was hard for me to pick out, it's still a delicious stout!

The decor is quaint, cozy and fun. Their bar counter top was made by the owner's and includes hundreds of shells.笑
I have to say, I love this place. I decided to take my boyfriend to this place for his birthday dinner. Making reservations was easy, I just gave them a call and the person that took my reservations was very friendly and helpful. When we arrived, we were seated right away. This place is not very big, but it was not too cramped. I thought the seating was nicely spaced out and the ambiance was causal but still hip. It was a very comfortable environment. The food was delicious! We ordered the Seafood Tower, which I thought the price for it was a great deal. The Seafood Tower had king crab legs, cocktail shrimps (big ones), mussels (I think they were lightly pickled), a dozen oysters, two clams, and a few pieces of seared tuna. We also ordered the crispy calamari. The crispy calamari was by far my favorite. It was SO GOOD! We also ordered the cured fish plate - this was very good too. Overall it was a full on seafood dinner and we enjoyed every dish we ordered. To finish off the my boyfriend's birthday dinner, I ordered a desert and asked the server to put a candle on it. The desert was a pear tart with vanilla bean ice cream. Our server was great. She was very friendly and very informative. She was very patient and answered all our questions. She was overbearing but attentive at the same time. Overall, our experience here was awesome. I would definitely come back for dinner. I noticed they have a brunch menu, so I would definitely come try that menu too.笑
Small but comfortable, with casual ambiance; noise level when full was pretty good. Service was friendly and quick until the last few minutes of our visit, when it took a while to get our check closed out.
Food was awesome! We had the mushroom app, the roasted veggies and the clam chowder; all had good flavor. My husband and son both had the whole lobster--it was sweet and good sized. I had the trout, which was tender and cooked perfectly!
Definitely would return!笑
I went to Pearl Diver on a weekday night. The restaurant is known for their large selection of oysters. We had a Pearly Chowdah and some Hot Shells to start. The chowder was very hearty, which I enjoyed. Then, I ordered a dozen oysters for my main. The oysters were very fresh, and the waitress gave great recommendations for types of oysters to try depending on my personal preferences. I also tried some of my friend's PD Fish N Chips, which was delicious as well. We finished off the meal with their signature dessert, the Starfish Sticky Toffee Pudding. It is to die for! Overall, I would highly recommend this place to oyster lovers. It's also a good place to go for dates, after all oysters are known as an aphrodisiac ;).笑
This is a great restaurant - the atmosphere is lively yet booths offer privacy. The service is personal and yet not over the top. The paté to start was delicious, followed by the seafood platter. There were a few items on the platter that weren't so tasty but overall, good quality and filled the 2 of us. The wine on tap is awesome!笑
great place, good atmosphere, delicious menu and... well priced oysters! make sure to check out the daily special as they offer a great deal!笑
Probably the best seafood oyster bar in Toronto!  We were greeted cordially, and found two open seats at the shuck bar, which is also the regular bar.  We were promptly served with water and menus and informed of specials.  The guys behind the bar, serving and shucking, were very cool and helpful, quick to get a drink or recommend or inform you of the multitude of oysters they offer.  Not to mention probably the quickest oyster shuckers I've ever seen.  

We had oysters of course and they were awesome.  We had the sampler, which had about 3 or 4 oyster types from around the nation and world, with a special hot sauce mixed by the servers.  It was very good.  In fact, so good we waited til 10 to get the dozen special and got more!  We probably spent a good 3 hours here, enjoying the conversation of the staff and the food, as well as a decent selection of drinks.  They even let us sample two extra shucked oysters and the presentation of even the freebies was awesome!  Will come back every time i'm in Toronto!笑
Excellent late night deal on their oysters which includes east and west coast ones! Also tried a couple of appetizers but I would really just come here for their oysters! ;)笑
A great casual spot for some great seafood!

Pearl Diver is a small restaurant with a very homey and rustic feel to it. We came here on a Thursday night and was quite busy, so reservations are recommended. 

We ordered the 100 oysters for $100 special (Thursday night's special). Oysters came in 3 batches to minimize wait time, which is great. The PEI Malpeques they gave us were fresh with just the right kind of brininess - yum!

My companions also ordered the Fish and Chips, and the Mussels + fries - both of which are great, especially the fries.

I would totally come here again, perhaps to try the other specials that they have on weekdays.笑
Had some oysters here and their fresh fish of the day. Oysters nice and fresh. Daily fish seasoned and the flavors work great. Nothing too fancy but I will say great tasting food.笑
Fresh seafood, local taps and a Yelp discount...what more could you want? This place was packed on a Thursday night, so we sat at the bar. I think I actually preferred this, though, as we were able to watch all of the oysters being shucked and engaged with the bartender and pastry chef, who was enjoying a meal.  Not to mention, you see all of the funky infusions they were making like charred pineapple soaked rum! 

They had decent oyster specials, so we enjoyed a few from the local coast, as well as fried calamari with an Asian dripping sauce. While it the price of a full meal, it was certainly snacks. Amazingly fresh and tasty, but on the steeper end. Great for happy hour. 

The highlight of the meal was the toffee cake. Super rich, but the perfect blend of fluffy, crunchy, sweet and salty.笑
The brunch menu was divine! Great oysters, awesome lobster Beny, surprisingly amazing burger recommended by the waiter! Excellent service... Our server accidentally forgot to place of of the items in the order and she made up for it by comp'ing our drinks. Would definitely go back!笑
Excellent. This place is great. Everything was fresh and well prepared. A good date night place or beer and oysters after work with friend. Wonderful well thought out craft beer selection.笑
We tried their oysters, fish & chips, and spicy calamari.

Their oysters are very fresh and it's accompanied with good presentation and tasty sauce.

Fish & chips was good, but nothing special. Its crispy layer was very crisp, devoured easily once it entered the mouth.

Spicy calamari was very delicious. It's covered with sesame seeds and chili cuts that adds to depth of taste.

Their service was very friendly and attentive. It's a rather small place (fire safety capacity of 70 people) so it has a very personal atmosphere. Price is quite reasonable for a seafood place, and the yelp discount is a nice bonus.笑
This Texas girl gave my Toronto coworkers an experience picking this place. Some of my Toronto peeps have lived and worked in this area for years and never heard of this place. Leave it to me to find the "hidden gem."  

There were 16 of us. I was smart enough to call for reservations. We were give a small private room in the back. It was perfect for our team outing. The food was wonderful from steaks, to lobsters, etc. they have something for everyone. This is why I picked Pearl Diver. We had seafood lovers, meat haters, veg heads, etc. and their menu fit everyone. 

The waitstaff was awesome, attentive and fun. 

I will definitely be back next time I am in Toronto.笑
We had the oyster special (a dozen for $15), all fresh but pretty small. 

Our server had us started with the oysters but then forgot abt us. So we had to wave down another server to order our mains. Food came pretty fast though.笑
What a great atmosphere, coupled with great service and most excellent food. A little eclectic, a little romantic, a little nostalgic, it is the kind of place that makes one become a food critic to compare this to the rest ; the fresh oyster were wonderful with the fresh ground horse radish! The fish and chips melts in your mouth! The mushrooms on a bed of warm arugula can only describe  love.  And beer on tap, cool, smokey music in the background. Come alone or with your buds, or with someone special. And stay awhile!笑
Finally got a reservation here and I was so disappointed. Our waitress had a huge attitude. Ordered drinks and oysters with shrimp cocktail. She let us know about the dozen oyster special so we got a dozen and a half. Oysters were amazing and shrimp was to die for. Ordered another round for the waitress to rudely tell me I can only order one dozen for 2 ppl or pay every oyster separate at 6-10$ per oyster. The bill came and the change was 16$, the waitress gave me 11$ in change trying to force a tip. I didn't leave one笑
The food was amazing ! Fresh fish of the day that was succulent , and the best fish and chips I've ever had !笑
Wondering around Toronto when it was negative 5 I decided that I needed some Oysters and Lobster!  Since I was solo on business travel I decided to sit at the bar.  Service was great from the bartender as well as the manager.  Coming from the east coast I have had my fair share of oysters (Being honest, I have eaten more than my share).  The quality here was incredible and the lobster reminded me of Maine (it was a Maine lobster after all).  Sticky toffee pudding was incredible and my bartender hooked me up with a half serving as there was no way I could put down a whole one after a dozen + oysters and clams and that delicious lobster!  I will be back, just when it is a bit warmer out!笑
I am a huge seafood dan, and this place is amazing. The service is great, the food is great and the pricing is pretty reasonable. I highly recommend coming here on Tuesday evenings where they have their tower special and you get an assortment of seafood.笑
Love this casual seafood place with attentive friendly service and lively atmosphere! We liked the oyster happy hour, Ceasar (bloody!), fish n chips and seafood soup with noodles. Ask about their WeChat program for loyalty savings :)笑
Great oysters, friendly service. Fantastic burgers, one of the best in the city I'm surprised that isn't more known.笑
Amazing food !! This is the place for lobster! Came here let evening on a weekday so it wasn't noisy yet.笑
One of the best place in toronto for oyster. Specials during the weekdays. The restaurant mix always give you the best oyster experiences笑
We tried the 100 oysters for $100 special and it was pretty good! As expected, they do serve you the two least expensive oysters, but it's still a really good deal. The service was excellent. What I really liked was that they served the 100 oysters in 3 parts, and there was some waiting time in between. This way, we had some time to digest and free up our stomachs for the remaining oysters. All in all, if you're an oyster fan, I would definitely recommend coming on a day they have this special!笑
Reserved a table for Tuesday dinner to take advantage of their Seafood Circus special. It is quite a small place so reservations are recommended especially on days where there are amazing specials.  Tuesdays and Thursdays have the best specials during the week.

It was a great deal especially with the wide variety of seafood including oysters, mussels, snow crab legs, shrimps and clams. Before 6 pm, they also have daily specials including drinks and oysters. It was a short walk from the downtown core.

For non-seafood lovers, they have steak and I heard it was pretty good.  They have a few fish items as well as a burger.  The wide variety of oysters to choose from is a plus but you need to order the exotic ones a la carte as they are not part of any specials. 

The decor is nice and the service is on mark with the staff explaining the menu as well as following up after the meal is served. They have a few beers and wine selection which some are part of the afternoon happy hour with the dozen oysters.  Definitely will be back since I work around the area.笑
Not being into oysters - sorry about that! - this was still a good experience although I thought their menu was a bit shallow and frankly, the decor a bit tired but that's just my opinion. Judging from oyster lovers present, the product must be very good because there was a steady flow of orders!

I had the chowder - excellent! - and the pickerel, also excellent!  My companion had the shrimp appetizer which was declared very good and then fish and chips!  Really!  He could have had this at a chain restaurant but not my choice. It was declared very good - especially the fish part - but at least he didn't order ketchup!

While the service was very attentive, it was very confusing who our waiter really was!  At least three people were here and there throughout the evening.

But I will be back.  Maybe with someone whose idea of experimentation does not involve fish and chips!笑
I came here for Sunday brunch - very few people were there, to my surprise. I had the oyster benny and it was quite good, though on the pricey side ($18). I'm a fan of this resto, I like the atmosphere and service was good. Definitely a hidden gem, especially for brunch downtown!笑
Stopped by here in the summer with my mum for oysters. While there is no patio, if you'd like to get away from the heat, it's deliciously cool inside and offers views of the park. We ordered oysters, of course (New Zealand) - they were excellent. Perfect with a glass of white wine. We also had the seafood chowder - again, excellent, not a hint of sand. Four stars, instead of five, because we couldn't seem to flag down our server and often had to ask the barback (shucker? Sorry if I have your position wrong) for things (napkins, wine, oyster advice) despite the fact that we visited in the late afternoon (downtime in a restaurant). We had a great time anyway since the barback was friendly and accommodating. Of note, a lot of the seating is on higher up bar stools - something to consider if you're coming in with someone that wouldn't be accommodated by this arrangement.笑
Nice ambience, friendly staff. Great evening!笑
We went to Pearl diver for my bachelor with 6 friends. I wanted two things for my bachelor; lobster and oysters! And that's exactly what we got! The lobster was simple but was exactly what I wanted. With good quality product all you need to do is prepare is properly and let the natural beauty of the meat do its thing. Same with the oysters, they were very fresh and with great accompaniments. Pearl diver respects the food and presents it the way it should be. Highly recommend if you enjoy seafood.笑
Went twice for the Thursday 100 for 100 oysters thing. The first time it was OK. The second time, not really. The service was full of attitude and the wait for the oyster was eternity. Not to mention the rest of menu is just a meh. It is more of a test of patience than anything. Being cheap isn't even gonna make up for the times I had to roll my eyes. I understand that by not coming on a Thursday would solve some of the fore mentioned problems, but why the hell would I come here on if the oysters aren't even cheap??笑
Were really impressed with the freshness of the fish, and the different ways things were prepared.  Cured fish, raw fish tower (Seafood Circus, which they made for us even though it's a Tuesday special and we were there on Saturday), all tasty, no shell bits or fishiness.  Dessert was killer too.  A return visit is needed for sure!笑
I love this restaurant. Their oysters are amazing but their pate is the real star. Definitely something special that other restaurants don't do. 

Their toffee dessert is awesome too. 
But honestly. Did I mention how much I love their pate? like seriously.笑
I ordered the haddock and chips.  It was served to me in about 5 minutes. Friendly, Efficient Staff, Great Food.笑
Excellent oysters and the best burgers in the GTA, hands down. Come on Thursdays for oyster special.笑
Found this place via Yelp and went here right after flying into town.  We came on the perfect night as the Sea Food Circus was on special for Tuesday night.  I went with the managers recommendation of the Mediterranean Sea Bearm and it was excellent!
I would highly recommend this place as both the food and service were excellent!笑
We had a wonderful meal at this hidden gem. Every single dish was absolutely amazing and I would order it again. Will definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu.笑
Went for dinner. Decent service. Super loud. Fresh seafood but nothing to write home about. Mediocre food. Doubt I will be back 

What we ordered; 
Calamari 4/5
Bream 3/5 
Mussels 3/5 
Oysters 4/5 - great sauces 
Chowder 3/5 
Fish and Chips 3/5笑
Hip seafood bar with great decor (and it's a Chinese chain!)

They have a private party room in the back that is cozy and perfect for a small party.

For lunch, we tried the mussels & focaccia ($13), PD burger ($14) and their special on oysters ($18 for a dozen). Food was delicious - oysters came with two dips (seafood & rosé) and the burger was medium rare, juicy perfection. They even let me split my sides (half salad & frites to get my veggies in)! Skinny fries were yum.笑
Awesome place and love their oysters and fish cure in particular. Don't miss out their deals throughout the week. Also I usually get the inhouse white wine to pair with seafood, which tastes great!笑
Food: 3.5/5
We shared oysters, the Pearl Diver burger, as well as a STP (sticky toffee pudding) and cheesecake for dessert. Oysters were very fresh and we enjoyed the sauces that came with it. The burger was juicy, but didn't taste too special. The STP was delicious, but we were fooled by the cute little cheesecake ($8 for the size of a toddler's fist), which tasted bland and store-bought.

Service: 4/5
Waitress was friendly but some of her remarks made us feel slightly awkward. 

Atmosphere: 4.5/5
You can tell lots of detail went into the renovations. Place was pretty much empty when we came for lunch, but I imagine it gets pretty packed in the evenings.笑
Came here on my birthday with my boyfriend, ordered dozens upon dozens of oysters.  There was an impressive variety to choose from.  I had a fantastic evening.笑
Pearl diver is a excellent restaurant. It has a wide variety of awesome seafood and great service. 

I have only been to Pearl Diver once but I would definitely recommend that establishment to anyone I know. 

Our waitress was friendly and had a wide knowledge of the menu. 

I would recommend a oysters as they are absolutely delicious and very fresh. we also had some kind of ceviche which was amazing. 

The only reason why I am not giving Pearl Diver a five stars is because I have been to restaurant on the West coast, which have the greatest seafood I have ever had.  Pearl Diver comes close second. it is worth a visit if you are in the Toronto area.笑
Dollar oysters on Thursday but they also have amazing mains as well. I really enjoyed their tandoori salmon - thought it would be odd at first but it was amazing. Service/Servers were amazing and super accommodating with our large group of people. Atmosphere was great - lots of hustling and bustling around.

Would definitely return!笑
Have been here several times with the fiance, soon to be hubby and we love it here! We always get oysters (I mean how can you not??), and we love the sardines and the mussels here-so yummy! It is such a reasonable place for seafood and we have yet to have anything bad here. Would recommend making reservations as it does get quite busy! Writing this review makes me now want oysters..mmm...seafood...笑
Bravo!  Our last night in Toronto and so glad we came!! The homemade soups were perfect, oyster special, yes please, diver scallops, whole dish!!yummy!- and the best part, their classical cocktails were made impeccable, I have worked in classical cocktails bars for a longtime, and they were made beautifully by  Jefferey.. thanks for the cocktails, and you're hospitality!笑
I give Pearl Diver 5 stars because there was truly nothing even slightly disappointing. Everything was fantastic. The service was great. When our oysters were taking a little long (just a few minutes longer than expected), the server apologized and explained why. She was friendly and prompt. The food was great.. We had the oysters, calamari, mussels and chicken liver + oyster pate. The calamari and pate definitely stood out.. So delicious! My caesar was also very good, it had a kick to it and came with an oyster (yummy). All in all, I had a great time here and would definitely return!笑
This was our new year's eve dinner selection and surprisingly it wasn't crowded at all. It was in walking distance from out hotel and had great yelp reviews. I enjoyed my experience here.  It's a cute little place with a verity of oysters if you like oysters.  The oyster verity changes with the availability; they write what they have in stock on a chalkboard.  I tried a few Fanny Bays from the east coast and a few Malpeque from the west coast, both were good. I didn't like that the horseradish was julienned and not grated finely, I had no idea I had a preference.  I also had the calamari and the Thai chili sauce was very yummy, made the dish something more that what it would be alone.

For dinner I ordered the fish and chips.  The fish batter was tasty but was a tad on the thick side and I ended up peeling some of it off because it was just too much. The dipping sauce was very complimentary to the flavor of the fish.   The "chips" were fries of course, steak fries to be exact.  Great with some malt vinegar on top.  The service was good, our waitress didn't come by as much as we needed her to and some other guy ended up taking care of us after she put our orders in.  Overall, it was a pleasant experience.笑
If you are ever in need to take a break from your busy lifestyle, this is the place to go! The staff there was very welcoming and the atmosphere was very relaxing. 

I had came here with two of my friends during lunch. I ordered the mussels, which were very filling and the broth was both hearty and flavourful. My advice is to order the seafood here since this is what they were famous for. However, my friends had both ordered the burgers and the juices dripping from their smile says it all. 

Like Darth Vader says best, I will be back... especially for the $1 oyster on Thursdays!笑
The moment when I stepped into this place, I already liked the decor, the vibe and the atmosphere. It is not too dark or too loud and you will be able to carry a conversation. I personally do not prefer loud places.

A dozen of oysters, $45, fresh!
Cured fish platter, $17, not bad, I liked the salmon and sturgeon
Fish and chips, $18, I LOVED this, the batter is so soft, not the crunchy kind you would get elsewhere. The amount of fish is optimal. You do not feel oily from it. I just love the uniqueness of this. And I also saw a couple of tables ordering fish and chips. You will not go wrong with it.

The wines are a bit to the higher price point on the menu. Be careful of that if you plan on consuming alcohol.

10% off the bill if you check in on Yelp - successfully done.笑
The 100 oysters for $100 is an amazing deal on Thursdays! I was expecting dinky oysters for the price, and was pleasantly surprised by the delicious malbeques and (I think) Fanny bays that were presented. The cava I ordered went so well with them. It's not a huge restaurant, so I'm glad we reserved ahead of time for our larger party of 8+ people. With so many oysters, I ended up ordering 2 apps to round out my dinner instead of an entree. If you like chicken liver, the liver and oyster pate is so good. The mixed mushrooms with arugula was substantial and yummy as well.  

I can't believe I forgot about the yelp check in discount!!笑
We had seafood tower, cured fish and entrée. Both appetizers are sub par, sea food was not as fresh as it can be, and cured fish contains some really odd choices, too much cream in salmon cream roll it's over powering and octopus is tough and tastes like apple vinegar gone bad.

Entrée on the other hand were excellent, trout got crispy skin and done just right.  baked whole bream maybe can use another pinch of salt but good enough. Fish and chips is fish and chips, really hard to go wrong. 

All in all not bad a place but not good enough to recommend anyone's else to try.笑
Awesome food, awesome vibe. One of the greatest nights we've ever had! Greg is a great guy and truly makes it an amazing experience.笑
My family and I went to Pearl Diver for our first dining experience in Toronto.  From the moment we entered this charming local restaurant, the staff treated us well, taking the time to explain the menu (we were new to eating fresh raw oysters) and offer helpful suggestions.  My wife and I focused on the oysters, which were outstanding and reasonably priced (we got the $18 special by coming in before 6 p.m.); the presentation was also quite good.  I also ordered the steelhead trout, which was cooked in a tantalizing sauce and perfectly prepared, making with the sides for a satisfying dinner.  The service throughout was great, and the atmosphere was quite friendly; and it did not take that long to get our food.  To cap off a great dining experience, my wife and I ordered more oysters, this time focusing on the larger varieties, one of which is the best tasting oyster (or mussel for that matter) we have ever had.  I also like that this restaurant is located outside the confines of the core Entertainment District, where we were staying.  Walking along Adelaide Street is itself worthwhile, especially as you go east.
Still wanting more, we all ordered an outstanding dessert, which was presented beautifully and had a unique, captivating taste.  It was worth every penny given the high quality and excellent service, with a healthy dose of local flavor in terms of location and ambiance.

Craig H./Chicago笑
This was my first time in Toronto and we had an oyster craving. The pearl diver is a gem.

My brother and I ordered 3 dozen oysters to share at about $11 per dozen. They were shucked just a few feet away she very fresh and delicious.
My gf ordered a burger and fries. High quality beef and great thin season fries.

The manager was very friendly and even treated  us to a couple shots for my birthday. I will definitely return on my next visit笑
Came here on a Tuesday for the seafood circus/tower (~$30). I'd like to start off with saying that my friend and I are not oyster fans, she's never tried them before and I'm trying to get used to them, but damn I didn't think it would come with so much! The top tier had plump and juicy cocktail shrimp, mussels, crab legs and some clams (I think). Everything from the top was delicious. The oysters were what we had trouble with, experimenting with the vinegary and cocktail sauces, and trying to differentiate the oysters. What surprised me were the raw clams, I've never had that and I don't think I will again haha. It was a cool experience for us food noobs.

My friend and I also order the fish and chips to split (~$20). I agree with some other yelpers that the fries are super salty. I was drenching mine in ketchup to balance it out. Also, the tartar sauce could've used a bit more lemon. The fish was really good though, battered and fried to a crisp, and it came with 3 pieces, yumm. Would I come back? Definitely. I'm eyeing those mussels next time and some dessert.笑
Delicious food from start to finish. The after 10pm oyster special is really worth it!笑
Simply incredible dinner. Sunday night after a TBJ game. Started with oysters and calamari.  The Fanny Bay were over the top. We had the lobster and mussles. The mussles broth was incredibly aromatic and definitely tasty. Finished with the potted cheesecake both blueberry and strawberry.  Blueberry had the slight edge but both rocked!! Awesome knowledge staff was the icing on a fabulous meal. Will be back.笑
I came to this place the other day with a friend for late night dinner. The place is very nice and organized we ordered the oysters and fish and chips. Both were good not impressive but not bad. The price is high it is more expensive than I thought it is a 20+ dollars place. I like the seating area and the service is amazing I really like the service I think this was one of the best service I experienced the place is not busy and nice and relaxing the music is slow. I felt is is a place more for couples or for a date. 

I will suggest this place for ppl to take their girls as a date or so.笑
Simple and fantastic seafood at a good price.  I was very satisfied with this meal.  I live in Seattle and you would think there is a stellar seafood restaurant, but there isn't.  Taylor shellfish is good, but prices are high and selection is limited.  

Husband and I got 2 dozen of oysters for the $15 per dozen deal. We also got mussels and frits, and the catch of the day grilled.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  Not over done.  The cocktail sauce was perfect for the oysters.  It really brought out the sweetness of the oysters.  Mussels were cooked in a coconut broth that was not overly salty.  Fish was grilled to perfection.

If we ever return to Toronto, we will definitely revisit Pearl Diver.笑
It's been a long time since I was this conflicted about a review. For everything that was outstanding, there was a corollary disappointment. Let me explain.

I was gearing up for my annual Mascotology™ Festival (my official NCAA tournament selection system). Wanted to slip out with a friend for a quick bite on a break from my preparations. I'm lead to understand that this place was recently known as Starfish which would make sense since that is the name that appeared on the bill.

We had three different servers. I have but a faint idea who the main one was. I explained my allergies in detail, as always. Since I couldn't have most of the sauces and sides of the main that I had selected, one of the servers asked if I wanted a salad instead. I agreed. When the salad arrived it didn't conform. No biggie. While we waited for a replacement, I asked for some bread. It turned out that they couldn't make the salad work, which was fine. The mains arrived.  Again, no could eat. Back it went. The chef came out to personally apologize for that error. I've had a lot of meals that went sideways and it is very, very rare for a chef to address it. He even offered us a free dessert, which we declined. Huge points. In the end, my dish was lovely. 

When one of the servers brought the bill, she advised that she had knocked off one glass of wine for the issues. We thanked her. Then I looked at the bill. Both the salad and the bread were listed. Bear in mind that both of our mains were well north of $25. Other than in Europe, I don't recall the last time that I was charged for bread. I really was flummoxed by the salad since it was offered as a replacement for the vegetables that I wasn't having with the main and I couldn't eat the salad that they brought.

The server should have notified me that everything was à la carte. Maybe it was an off night for her. I might try this place again if I'm in the neighbourhood since what I could eat was quite good.笑
The oysters were amazing and mussels were tasty! Our server was very attentive as well!

Will return!!笑
Had a delightful birthday dinner - oysters, cava, lobster, steak, chowder, mussels. Everything was terrific! 
Oyster selection was slim but the shucking was perfect and they were of high quality and excellent flavour.

I think that this is effectively Starfish, re-branded and redesigned, with a larger (maybe?) menu and a more modern decor which we liked more.笑
Wow, this place really made my soul and taste buds come alive!  Thanks to our awesome waitress, we were steered towards trying their seafood tower.  Good thing we listened because everything tasted so amazing.  The oysters were so tasty. 

We were able to get 3 smaller place in addition:  The grilled sardines, Clam chowder, and warm goat cheese salad.  The tower was the best possible way for us to enjoy our first meal in Toronto, the second best had to be that warm goat cheese salad.  Simply so fresh and so delicious!

For dessert:  sticky toffee bread pudding and green tea creme brulee.  YESSSSS!  The sticky toffee so good.  It disappeared in the matter of seconds.  It is one of those experiences you know you will be dreaming about weeks later.笑
Headed to Pearl Diver on a Saturday night to celebrate a special occasion with the bf. I had made reservations a few weeks in advance and found that when we arrived at the restaurant, it was bustling with people. The restaurant itself had a very low key casual vibe which was nice. We were seated quickly by the window and we quickly buried ourselves in the menu trying to figure what to eat and drink.

For starters we had the Shucker's dozen special. 3 kinds of oysters (Fanny Bay, Kusshi, and another one from Ireland) for $45. Delicious! We also ordered the calamari appetizer and the coating on the calamari had a kick to it which was unique. For mains I got the mussels and frites and my bf got the steak. The broth the mussels came in was Thai inspired and I tasted hints of lemongrass, ginger, and coconut which was great. The steak my bf had was good too; you wouldn't think to order meat at a seafood place but they did a great job of cooking the ribeye. We opted out for dessert as we were too full. 

Overall, service and food was great, I wouldn't mind going back to Pearl Diver. Would really love to check out their unique brunch menu as well (oyster benny anyone...??)! Remember to check into Yelp so you can get 10% off your bill (drinks excluded)!!笑
Best margarita ever!
Got the made in Canada dozen oyster tray! A little pricey but you expect that going into an oyster bar.
Great service and ambience!
The grilled sardine was a knockout! Highly recommend this dish笑
Tuesday special tower is not recommended, 1 dozen of tiny oysters, 2 crab legs (with black dots, maybe it's normal), 4 shrimps and 3 slice of, well, half roasted salmons. Oysters are fresh but they are really small, about tea spoon size, crab legs are ok but doesn't look very good, salmons taste a little bit bad, shrimps are great. I thought this special tower is same as the $68 normal one, and if you saw the picture of $68 tower and decide to try a discounted one on Tuesday, please NO. Everything else is ok level.笑
Came for the Zinc and Drink before 6pm. $15 for a dozen oysters and $5 for feature drinks on a Thursday. Calamari were thin but delicious seasoning. Shoe string fries were crispy. Mussels were great too. I've been here before when it was previously Starfish, but I was disappointed they no longer had the Oyster Stout which paired great with oysters. Would love to come back for the $100 for 100 oysters deal (friends were not willing this time). Service was a bit sparse but super friendly. They came by to clear our plates multiple times so our shells didn't get in the way of more oysters.笑
Oysters were very fresh, with a good selection and split between east and west coast. The shucking and main course came slow last night and we ended up there for 3 hrs which was frustrating. But the wait staff apologized profusely and gave us a sticky toffee pudding for free, easily well worth the wait and easily is the best sticky toffee pudding anywhere in the city. The moisture and texture were absolutely perfect for soaking up the toffee. The level of sweetnesss was spot on. Amazing.笑
Came here with my boyfriend a couple weeks ago while on a weekend trip. 

This was my first time having oysters, and did we definitely pick the right place. The atmosphere was perfect; we sat at the bar and watched them shuck oysters in front of us. 

As for the food, that alone was enough for a 5 star rating. The oysters were fantastic, and so were the two appetizers we split -- oyster and chicken pate and a mushroom salad. They also make a fantastic house beer that goes perfectly with the oysters. We finished our meal with a Sticky Toffee Pudding that was to die for, and I would have been very happy if that was all that happened that night. 

What really made the night special was what happened when I asked the bartender what he was making. I had watched him put oysters in a shot with vodka, tequila, and some other spices. He showed us, and we were impressed and considering ordering some when he comes around from behind the bar and brings us a pair of shots. They were AMAZING. We were even happier when we discovered they had been comped. 

Overall, this place was the perfect way to end a four day weekend in Toronto, and I'm looking forward to getting a chance to go again in the future.笑
best hamburger in town.
the computer wants me to add more words before posting, but you do not need to know anything more.
ok computer笑
Very crowd but delicious place. Someone wanna eat oyster and some fish should go to try there!!笑
I know why no one has ordered the lobster here from reading the reviews, it's the priciest thing on their menu  $43 yet least appetizing. It's suppose to be 1.5 lb lobster but I recently had a 1.5lb from another restaurant and it is very very small in comparison. The presentation of the lobster looks like something I cooked at home. I was expecting it to be presented better since its at a seafood restaurant. Their melted butter was mediocre and I had to ask for clamps for my claws as most of it cannot be eaten without the shells being clamped. I did opt for their fries which was good. 

I came for my friends birthday, my other friends had opted for their 100 for $100 oyster deal. Unfortunately I cannot eat oysters but most of them enjoyed it. 

The server was knowledgeable on the menu. But I wished they had paid more attention to items we needed for our meals. We had to specifically ask for clamps for the lobster, their house hot sauce that I read a lot about, ketchup for fries etc. 

They were able to split our bills and gave us 10% off for Yelp check in tho.笑
The best part is the oysters. I have been to pearl diver a few times and also before the name change when it was starfish. 

Not. Sure why there was a name change. The interior was changed a little. But. The menu seems to be similar. Luckily the quality did not change. 

Like I said before the fresh oysters are great.  A must try. Fish dishes are also good. The starfish used to do an amazing steak but I can't remember seeing that on the new menu. I haven't had much desserts there but I believe is quite good. I would definitely go back and recommend to my friends.笑
I've been wanting to try out this restaurant for some time and finally had the chance to do so last weekend. I could not have regretted this more. 

I arrived with a party of 5 and had what was initially a perfectly good dinner. The oyster appetizers were great, as were the main courses. However, later that evening 4 out of 5 of our group came down with varying degrees of food poisoning. The appetizer dishes were the likely culprit for our illness, as the one person who didn't eat any of them remained food poison-free. 

Two of us became ill enough to take us out of commission for the better part of a week. One of us is still experiencing vomiting bouts. Seven days later, all four of us haven't yet fully recovered the ability to return to our normal eating habits.

Although I won't go as far as to recommend that you not eat here, I personally will not be returning for another meal. When I eat at any establishment, I expect the food to be properly prepared so as to not get me sick.笑
I was here for St. Patrick's Day for a dinner for two and had a pleasant experience. We mainly chose this place because we wanted oysters - they did not disappoint. 

Ambience = 5-stars. We walked-in around 8:45pm without a reservation and was able to get seated right away. It is a relatively small location and I think I saw a back room with larger seating for groups but in the main dining area it was bar seating, a couple booths and a handful of tables for 2-4 from what I remember - definitely make a reservation if you have a group bigger than 2-4. Very nice ambience with old school jams, dim candle-lit dining type of experience which I appreciated because you can actually hold a conversation. Also if you check-in on yelp you get 10% off your bill and went through without a hassle with the server.

Food-wise I would give it 5-stars - we tried mostly oysters and their apps. The oysters were super fresh and they have a great variety! We tried their oyster combo platter which was $45 for a dozen with 3 types of oysters and after 10pm they have a special of $15 for a dozen of a specific type of oyster, both very well done. Of course the platter came with slightly more expensive oysters, but I won't lie, the $15 dozen ones were more delicious haha! 
Their menu is quite small and we thought their appetizers looked more interesting. We tried the cured fish platter ($16), the chowder ($8), the mushroom salad ($10) and the seared scallops ($18). Not a single disappointment in the bunch! Seriously, try the fish platter, I was sooooo pleasantly surprised!! They had slices of tuna, octopus and salmon and another fish which I didn't know but all so fresh and delicious, almost like a western-style sashimi! The chowder was also creamy but light and packed full of seafood! Also, the sizes were generous and matched the price. With a drink each and the amount of food, my date and I were pleasantly full. Total was $156 for two people with tip included.

Service = 3 stars. I think the overall experience was slightly marred by the service. I have had better service elsewhere and I didn't think they were lacking in servers either. I felt it took a little too long to clear our table of the dishes and the reason this bothered me was because it was such a small table that I was afraid any movement would knock something off the table so it would have been nice if the dishes were removed soon after us finishing the food. 

Overall, very good experience and I will definitely return for the oysters!

Tip: They have cool nightly specials and happy hour from 12-6pm for oysters and drinks and after 10pm for oysters! On Thursdays it is $100 for 100 oysters so bring your friends and slurp down a couple of these gems. Great vibe for a chill night with good company and delicious food.笑
On our recent vacation to Toronto, we went to The Pearl Diver for dinner. The food and service were so good that we went back a second night during our stay! The fish and chips, burger, calamari, oysters, and heavenly seafood platter were out of this world. Our amazing server helped select oysters for us, as we'd never had them before, and was extremely knowledgeable about all the different options.  Hands down worth a visit if you're in Toronto!笑
poor service was the highlight of our evening.  ironically  not a packed restaurant with nearly 1  to  2 servers per tables at most yet still slow service. of what they have left to offer, because their theme was "we're out off nearly half of the menu"  the food, oysters, calamari and lobster was a 4, good but not anything one couldn't get elsewhere.笑
Great atmosphere friendly staff very accommodating. We came in without a reservation and they were able to accommodate us on a busy night. We had seafood tower Crispy calamari and cured fish with beer. Love it all! Must try!笑
I came in because I'm obsessed with oysters and I work accross this street.  I was hoping this could give me a regular dose of oysters because they have a decent special on Sundays.  So I ordered the oyster special, which was $15 for a dozen oysters on the half shell.  What I didn't know from the advertisements is that you only have one choice from their list and they tell you what you're allowed to have.  I forget what they were called but I enjoyed the first one or two and then found them to be bland and maybe a little off.  I also ordered mussels and frites as a main and wasn't really impressed with the mussel broth at all, creamy and flavourless, but the frites were delicious so I didn't go hungry.  That's about all I've got, also it's pretty pricey.笑
It's ok. Been to many seafood places around the world. SF, FLORIDA, HI, LA, HONG KONG just to name a few. Price was okay. Everything is just ok. Nothing AMAZING. I had the seafood tower thingy, and also calamari. Again not the best and not the worst. Service was ok. Atmosphere was hip. But I think that's what you're really paying for here. I didn't drink so can't tell you that part.笑
Spicy calamari was soooo good. Definitely not your typical calamari. Very unique flavours. I also had a dozen oysters. Seafood is fresh. Staff is friendly. Prices are reasonable. Vibe is cool. I'll be back.笑
Happy Hour Oyster! 

Oysters was fresh and sweet. 
Not the meaty ones I usually prefer but still good!

Crispy Calamari $9 
Sesame & panko crusted
Love this batter coating. Lots of flavour, not too thick and very different from the other fried calamari I have tried!

And I believe every Thursday they have this specials
$100 for 100 oysters night笑
Great atmosphere for a casual night out. I won't comment on the food from the dinner menu as our oysters and experience from the start was so disappointing that all we wanted to do was leave. Why support an establishment that doesn't hold up for their customers? 
Order: 2 dozen oysters from the special list... Thought maybe the problem was ordering special oysters but no, regular priced ones were crappy too. 
Of the 2 dozen - 3 stank of death. Note to oyster newbies - if it smells bad, don't put it in your mouth! 
We had the rest and they were good for the price. When we commented to the sever about the 3 (that were held aside) she said they looked fine - asked her to smell and she said they smelled fine, till she smelled the one magical stinky one... She took them to the shucker who said they looked fine and 'you can tell an oyster is bad before you even open it!' Oh really super shucker?? one thing I can guarantee - you cannot judge an oyster by its shell - and I shucked professionally for 10 years. 

We got 3 replacements - but you know this was a 'hope they shut up' action over a happy customer action.  We ordered 6 of another varietal after, of those 6, 1 was bad. Like seriously dude! Didn't you learn the first time - sniff before you serve!!!!! 

So... In short: when a customer sais a few of the oysters stink - say your sorry about that and do what you will. Don't question the customer about food quality. It's just bad business. A happy customer will stay and spend more at your establishment than an unhappy one. Also, ensure when a new customer sits at a seat, they have a dinner roll with napkin. It's just polite. 

To my Yelp friends: want oysters? Go to Rodney's, oyster boy, elsewhere... Don't go here but if you chose to, be weary and sniff before you slurp.

Drinks were good. Food looked great, shame we didn't stay.... Better service would have meant a bigger bill and tip. 

Bye bye笑
Was here for a late dinner at 9:30 pm on a Saturday night and made a last minute reservation that day. Most of the tables seat groups of four and they have a larger private room in the back. After after 10 pm, they have a special - a dozen oysters for $15. 

Food we tried:
- Winter Chowder ($8 - small) - tasty, comforting, not overly creamy
- Cured Fish plate ($17) - we loved the mackerel but didn't like the pumpernickel bread it came (it was dry, dense, and sweet) and thought it could have come with more house pickled vegetables
- Mussels and Frites ($18) - we really enjoyed this dish. The mussels were fairly large and meaty and loved the thai flavours which complemented them. The fries were crispy and delicious.
- dozen malpeques for $15 (after 10 pm special) - oysters were delicious and well-shucked 

Service was friendly. Ambiance was not too busy or loud and very casual.

We will definitely be back to try more dishes.笑
Came here on a Tuesday and got the specials, seafood circus. Totally worth the money! Not a big fan of their grilled sardines though. Cured fish plate was pretty good too.笑
Love it! I came in because it's close to our hotel, had good Yelp ratings, and I wanted somewhere to sit and work for a few hours and enjoy a nice lunch. The decor is comfortable and interesting, with real hardwood floors, pillars with a chalkboard finish for specials, industrial looking windows and exposed duct work in the ceiling. Interesting, colourful art on the wall and it looks out onto a park on Adelaide, so overall it's cozy and classy without being stuffy.

I was in midafternoon, so had the lunch menu. The caesar salad with pork belly strips and anchovies was fantastic. I tried the focaccia -- nice flavour and a good char on from the grill. The shrimp skewer was cooked well and very tasty, with just the right amount of spice. They had drink specials on, too. 

All front of house staff were knowledgeable and friendly, telling the people near me the story of the building and chatting with other customers. The staff here definitely add to the good atmosphere! Some places aren't awesome to singles, or don't like you sitting for a long time, but they were all friendly and kind here. 

(Dear Other Restaurants: Sometimes people eat alone. They still appreciate good service if you give it and might tip more than a cheap duo or party. You could take notes from Pearl Diver. Just sayin.)

I'd come back here in a heartbeat, whether alone or with friends.笑
What a sweetheart of a joint!  Food was spectacular: 8 different kinds of oysters - unique and all delicious; great caesar; killer desserts (sticky toffee pudding is the bomb!); fabulous whole grilled sea bream.  Service was personable, enthusiastic and genuine.  Real treat to dine in a restaurant with so much heart - can't wait to bring friends!笑
I come here for brunch every now and then and I always get the special on the two types of oysters, the PEI and Atlantic and always been satisfied with the quality and freshness.
I also get their burgers with salads (I always ask for no-onions of course :) just yummy!!
The service is pretty decent and fast, income in usually around 11-12 on Sundays.
Also they have pretty good cappuccinos for being an oyster restaurant.
The decor is near and clean, rustic feels.
I see it pretty busy also during week-days on lunch hour when I pass in front of it for my lunch breaks.
This place had a different owner before and it was amazing and the quality has been translated to the new chef.
I really recommend to come here for brunch and you can book online.笑
I had dinner here today with my bf and I'd say the place is good news!
We both had calamari and fish and chips -they were too salty for my own liking (while my bf liked it) but the spices in all (calamari, fish and fries) was on point. 
We ate at a bar and we get to watch the guy setting oyster on a place (they were shiny so that's a sign the fishes are on the fresh side).

one thing i absolutely loved about the fish and chips here was that they were all crispy. I prefer crispy fried things so this was a perfect dish for me. it made the rest of the fish and chips look/feel soggy.笑
This was a place I had bookmarked on yelp for a long time and I finally got a chance to go with my friends.

We had a reservation for 6.30 on a Saturday night and were seated immediately upon arrival. What annoyed me however was the number of times (in a short span) a server came to us asking us if we were ready to order. The first time they came was 2 minutes after we sat down and then they kept coming like they were in a rush for us to order in spite of the place being pretty empty around then (it got crowded around 8PM). 

We placed our order for drinks and I was quite surprised by how expensive my cocktail was, $15! Even bars that specialize in cocktails don't start at that price, so I was pretty disappointed when that drink turned out to be average. I think it was called Snake Shake (something with passion fruit).

What was good however was the food, everyone liked what they ordered. I had the Sea Bream  for $21 (MP that day) and it was really good. I do think they could add a side to it without you having to pay extra, I mean how much does it cost to throw in a side salad.
Mr. H had the mussels and loved it. Another friend had the fish and chips but mentioned there was a little too much batter. 
We did try the desserts and really liked the sticky toffee pudding!

Although I really liked the Grilled Sea Bream, I don't think I would go back anytime soon.

PS: This place should have a $$$ sign instead of $$ since if one person orders a drink+appetizer+ main course, that itself would exceed $30.笑
Have only been for lunch (several times) but have become a fan. Well seasoned and cooked seafood and a fantastic burger. Good wine and beer selection. Dying to try the seafood tower.笑
Went on a double date with another couple who also enjoy seafood.  The service was pretty good.  Their menu selection was also pretty good.  I was hoping for more lobster options but it was only a single menu item of 1.5lbs lobster. So we ordered that and the shrimp, calamari, and cured fish plate.  The food all in all was good. The lobster was okay.  Not the best I've had nor the worst.  Average pricing for this type of fare and good service gets the place 4 stars.  A better lobster selection in the menu and/or a lobster with more meat on it would have earned the place five stars.  I know this place is well known for oysters but we weren't there during the happy hour or late night, and I didn't feel like oysters so yeah. I am sure it's as good as what people say...笑
Solid.  I was in Toronto for a biz trip and was pleasantly surprised here.  Very good seafood.  Very fresh and well priced.  I'd return for an inexpensive lunch.  Service was aight but very nice.笑
Great tuesday deal (till 10) on the seafod tower, late night menu after was what we ended up with. Be sure to get that order in by ten as our waitress literally looked at our phones to see 959. I'd say this is closer to a 3.5 because the service is ok, but not as good as it could be when the place wasn't very busy. Tower portions are great, liked everything except the tuna (had a cajun seasoning i could have done without) however the portions are great, fantastic oysters and crab and shirmp as well as smoked mussels. Had a fun time with the whole picking at the tower experience. Furthermore, the late night menu is great value, 10 fish and chips, yum. (the fries are great, but skinny if that matters to you) good size piece of fish, not perhaps the best but pretty good. Chowder was very good, lots of nice clams, lots of good vegetables, nice texture, not to thick but not thin at all. Worth it for that alone.笑
Food was average and probably should get 3 stars at best. What I had a problem with was the bartender and his crappy attitude. 

I was in Toronto for work and had dinner here with my coworker. We ordered a few things and until then the bartender was nice and even gave us a free shots. However, the bill came and because I have a cap on my dinner expense I was going to leave some tip on the card and the rest in cash and after the bartender prematurely took the bill (cash was not in there yet) he started making snide ass comments making sure that we would hear. He said something along the line of "I guess in America tipping 10% is totally fine! I guess people work for 2 hours for only __ amount!"- Something along those line. 

Seriously? 

I gave the manger more cash telling him of what happened but I wish I hadn't considering the event but I've worked at restaurants before and always try to be fair with tip. 

Btw, if this place is one of Toronto's best restaurants, I feel really bad for the food scene in Toronto.笑
Bookmarked this place for the longest time and finally was able to come in and try it. We came in on Tuesday so we could take advantage of the seafood circus which is regularly priced @ $65 but only $28.88 on Tuesdays. This is somewhere I will come back on special occasions becuz it is definitely pricey. Not somewhere you can come on a regular basis, although the ambiance is just casual. The prices are not casual..Lol..

The yeah(s):

- superb fresh seafood circus
- heavenly food(s) even to just the burger, it was THAT good. 
- calamari, our all time fav. dish was very good
- service was an A-Ok, we were checked upon a few times throughtout the night..

The nah(s):

- price was surely up there
- limited 1 seafood circus per every 2 head(s), very strict policy
- expensive caesar(s), i realized when we got the bill, it was $15 per

Overall, this is a place for quality food which you will not regret at all, if price was not an issue for you, you can come back everyday. 

Well-deserved 4 star(s)笑
I missed Starfish!  But Pearl Diver was just as good with lots of oysters. Thurs night special $100 for 100 oysters was a sweet deal-but make sure u have a reservation, this place gets packed pretty quickly after work. Appetizers on the menu were good, calamari, goat cheese salad and the focaccia-little dry, but delicious with a little olive oil. Service was professional and friendly but they get so busy at times-u might have to grab their attention. One star lost to the main course selection-I didn't see much I liked and ended up ordering fish & chips and it was ok.笑
Good location, beautiful place, nice staff. We were expecting to feast on oysters at an affordable price, but it's only on Tuesdays, so be advised. Food is good, just the right quantity. Alcohol is a little more expensive than what I would pay, but they have a good variety.笑
Came here on a Thursday night with some friends and got the 100 oysters for $100. The oysters tasted great and you can see them being shucked over the counter. They weren't too filling though (there were four of us, we each got 25 oysters) so we ordered some sides to share and I got fish and chips. Overall it was pretty great and would come again.

Also got a Yelp discount for checking-in! I'm saving it for next time.笑
Went here for dinner last night. We had an oyster special, 12 for $21.88. It took awhile for it to arrive at our table, and then our mains came out at the same time. I'm not picky about that kind of thing but I know some are. The tables are quite small so it was a lot to have on the table. It did feel a little rushed to eat as we didn't want our mains to get cold, but wanted to take our time with the oysters. Not an ideal situation. BUT - the food was delicious. The sauce the muscles were cooked in was great, and the fries were crispy and well seasoned. The Caesar I ordered came with an oyster. We had the sticky toffee pudding for dessert, which was decadent and best split between two! For 2 people with drinks, dessert, mains and oysters it was $100 with tax. Very worth it!!! Will be back, and will recommend.笑
PEARL DIVER

It was a beautiful day so my husband and I decided to walk from home along the lake until we ended up here - at "Pearl Diver".
Pearl Diver is a small restaurant but it can seat up to 70 people!  They serve all kinds of seafood; lobster, shrimp, fish, mussel, squid, and oyster!  I'm not an expert on oysters but I can say that their oysters were pretty good and had no fishy smell at all!  I'm sure that their oysters are the best part of many people's meals!  Pearl Diver also has many good deals, especially the "Zinc and Drink!" deal. - $15 for a dozen of oysters and $5 for a feature drinks -  How amazing is that!  The offer is on Monday to Friday, from 3 pm to 6 pm.  We got in the restaurant just fifteen minutes before the time was over.  How lucky we were!  We had two kinds of oysters from the west coast and PEI, with Wellington beer.  I personally like the the taste of PEI more than the west coast's but both were very tasty.  Oh! do not forget to ask for their HOUSE HOT SAUCE.  I warn you "It's very spicy but it's a must!"   Sour and spicy goes well with seafood~  

Another entertaining thing here was watching "oysters shucking on ice".  If you'd prefer to watch a shucker as they open and remove fresh oysters closer to your eyes, the bar seats are the best spot for the show!   It could make someone's mouth water. 

My husband also had the Pearl Diver BURGER with bacon on the top.  The burger itself was yummy but unfortunately the bacon strips were too tiny.  Anyway he enjoyed eating and finished it very fast :)  Their generous portion of house FRITES that came along with the burger were golden and crispy.  It made me want to repeat the order but It was too filling.  Instead of ordering the frites, we had the POTTED CHEESECAKE (raspberry rhubarb) for our desert!  We only wanted a bite of sweet, so a small pot of cheesecake was the perfect size for us.

Did I mention their service?  Other then the food and drink that I want to go back to try (I missed Scrimshaw Oyster Stout Beer), the service is another thing that guarantees that we will come back again.

I've heard of many "best oysters" in Toronto; Rodney's Oyster House, Oyster Boy, Ceili Cottage, etc.  I've only been to Rodney's.  One thing that I could say is their service was very bad.  Their oysters were tasty but it might have been bad day as we had very bad service from their staff.  Honestly I feel like a small restaurant with good service is much better than a huge restaurant with bad service.  

P.S.  If I'm not wrong, Ceili Cottage has the same owner as Pearl Diver.  I wouldn't mind checking it out later :)笑
Obviously seafood in Toronto is not amazing compared to coastal cities but this place has a great seafood tower and great service. We went here for my friend's birthday and the waiter was very sweet, even gave us free drinks.笑
We went there on a Thursday and they were doing a special, $100 for 100 oysters.  That is a very good deal especially when you are with a bigger group.  They give you the oysters in 4 platters but we find that the quality of each platter is not the same, one is better than the other...  But it's still not too bad.
Food there are tasty, but the restaurant is a little bit too warm we had to go outside half way through dinner to cool ourselves down...笑
Loved it! Wonderful casual, cozy ambiance. Fair prices, tasty food and great service! Will definitely come back! 

Table of 3 was a comfy oversized booth, which was great for all the food we ordered! 

We were greeted by Kevin Brauch - a host on the food network such as Iron Chef. He came and entertained us intermittently. His best friend owns the restaurant and he's there to help promote - how sweet! 

Onto the food! We didn't order any raw oysters so I'll have to come back during the 'zinc and drink' happy hours for sure! 

1. Hot shells - I'll start off with the 'bad'. It wasn't that bad but my least favourite. We tried both flavours. One with sausage and another garlic herbed... I found the flavours uninspiring and the oyster certainly wasn't highlighted. Definitely should have ordered the raw! 
2. Calamari - crispy delicious panko crust! Loved the sauce it came with... Very bright and tangy! Awesome dish and highly recommended. 
3. Mussels and fries - the sauce/broth had a little too much cream but still good flavour and the mussels were really big, plump and fresh. 
4. Black cod - the fish itself... I've had better cod... Usually much more tender and rich. It's served with roasted veggies which was delicious, over warm arugula. Flavours were great but this dish is almost a salad, which wasn't what I was expecting. 
5. Fish and chips - delicious! Perfect light better and an amazing tartar sauce to go with it! I got extra *drool*. 
6. Chicken liver and oyster pate - oyster? Yes you heard right! THIS WAS MY FAVOURITE DISH! The pate was so rich and creamy and was topped with caramelized sugar like a creme brulee. It was straight up the bomb! My mouth is watering thinking about it... 

All in all, some dishes were fantastic and some less memorable, but overall a great little spot that's definitely checking out. I'll be coming back for oysters for sure!笑
Great food, service and ambiance! Our waitress was very friendly and pleasant. We ordered the seafood tower which was well worth the $68 even though they half it as a special on Tuesday for around half the price! The seafood tower was well presented and delicious as well as fun to eat! They also gave us a special hot sauce which was delicious on its own! 

I rarely order dessert at restaurants because I am too full but their chocolate sticky pudding was difficult to resist! The dessert was so so so yummy, I wish I had some right now!

I also love the ambiance, the restaurant is small but I love the black pane window doors at the entrance tres classic!

Had a very positive experience and would highly recommend this place for oysters and the seared tuna!笑
I recently came here for dinner on a weeknight. The restaurant was not too packed but it was more than half full. Everything I ordered was seasoned and prepared just right. I had the grilled whole sea bream and a side mixed green salad. The sea bream was grilled to perfection (there is a bit of a wait for this item) and it paired very well with the lemon it was served with. The salad was pretty standard except that there were also grapes on top! 
The one thing preventing me from giving this a higher rating is that service was spotty -- it took forever for someone to take our order and bring the bill at the end.笑
Atmosphere 2 stars (could be 5)
If you sit up front it is better. My Mother's dinner was in the back booth at the end of the bar. It is noisy because of some machine making noise (blender or something). It is dark and out of place. The staff travels by you all of the time as that is where they go for pick ups. If you sit at the front it is 5 stars.

Staff 1 star
Speaking of which we were unhappy with the back booth so asked if we could move up front where there was an empty table. They fussed about then said ok. We ordered oysters and beers. We were content and happy. Then the guy comes back and says we can not sit there because the next reservation needed physical accommodations and for some reason I do not know couldn't sit in the back booth. Upon leaving we did not notice any problems with the guests. There was no wheelchair, crutches or cane. They looked perfectly happy (and fit) to me and that was probably because they were sitting up front. I also felt we were ignored for awhile after the 2 moves. There was no sorry or thanks a lot....nothing really. Nothing said on the way out either. No good bye or have a nice day. We are nice family and were never rude so I must conclude that they just do not care or are oblivious. Lastly,the night was typified by the fact that the other tables had nice lilies on them but not ours. :(

Food 3 stars
Oysters are oysters but they are sourced well and of excellent quality. Hamburger and fries is good. Nice shoestring fries that go nicely with mayo. Burger is juicy and well conceived. The reason for 3 stars is that I went and month or so a go and had the fish and chips. I did not dig the soft coating. It was like mush. 

Best thing about the place is the 4pm - 6pm oyster and drink specials. Slurping oysters is awesome and $5 Beau's pints nice on the wallet.笑
We had the lobster and the Pacific Grey Cod with chickpea and bulgar salad. Both dishes underwhelming. The lobster was small and plain and a tad over cooked. The cod dish was quite bland and lacked flavour. We definitely wouldn't go back. I wish the lobster dish had a side or something because we literally had another meal after we left this place. The calamari appetizer was quite tasty and would definitely recommend you try that one to start.笑
Came to Pearl Diver for a birthday dinner and it was great!

Despite being 45 mins late, they seated us immediately. (  didn't mean to )
We ordered oysters, soup, calamari's and the salmon(main). 

The ambiance of Pearl Diver was classy yet not pretentious. It's a perfect date night dinner place for two. 

Yelp check-in for a discount! 

Gentlemen, take your lady here. A great night is almost guaranteed ( obviously depending on how smooth you are ). Can't go wrong with oysters笑
Thoroughly enjoyed their happy hour oyster specials. Came on a Tuesday for their seafood circuit and they were BUSY. Service got a bit behind but understandably so. They were all still really good about making sure everyone was OK and glasses were refilled. Seafood circuit was good but I've definitely had better somewhere else... Although for the price we paid I really shouldn't complain! Even their fries were good! Definitely trying the mussels next time though笑
Fresh seafood, great service, wine on tap! 

Came here for the happy hour and got the dozen oysters for $15, plus the happy hour drink special for $5 a pop.  The dozen oysters were freshly shucked consisting of 2 varieties, and were accompanied by a house cocktail sauce, mignonette, lemons, and freshly grated horseradish.  For the drink, I got the white wine because it was ON TAP. (They also have red wine on tap.) Absolute genius, and quite good - from an Ontario vineyard somewhere.   Service was also excellent - sat at the bar, and the friendly bartender/ oyster guy was attentive enough to make sure I had what I needed, but not enough to make me feel pestered.

As I sat at the bar, I also watched them build the "seafood circus" - a seafood tower of oysters, clams, mussels, crabs, shrimp, and sea urchin. Literally a tower of seafood that would be good as a meal for 2, for $28.88 or something ridiculous (only available Tuesdays).

I'll be back!笑
Oysters were really fresh and good, and the fish we ordered was amazing. The only thing I really disliked was the mis hot-pot. Very plain and simple, and VERY pricey.笑
Really nice place. They have special oyster night -100 for $100. Fresh and delicious oysters! I would recommend to my friends and family.笑
Big fresh oyster selection, 100 for $100 Thursday nights! The food was amazing with great presentation. The chef did a great job, my chowder was the best ever! The tandoori BC salmon was great. The service was really friendly, bar tender was great! Love this place.笑
Pros:
Very well done dishes
Friendly service

Cons:
Parking can tough to find

If seafood is your thing, Pearl Diver should be on your list of places to try.  We came for brunch and if it's any indication on what dinner might be like here, you're in for a treat!

As I said, we came for a brunch on a Saturday morning.  I made a reservation just in case because I've been told it's a must for this place.  Reservations can be made online through their website and it's super easy to do.  Coming in, we were seated at one of the 4 large booths they have here.  There are several smaller tables on the other side of the restaurant.  Overall, there's a good amount of seats here, but reservations should always be made if coming for dinner.

Brunch here is pretty simple.  You've got your regular breakfast items as well as some popular items from their lunch/dinner menus.  They have 5 bennys which are the main attraction for brunch here if you ask me.  Some sides finish off the menu. The oyster menu is also available throughout the day.  It's not a lot of choice for brunch, but what they do, they do extremely well.  My GF got the lobster benny and I ordered the clam chowder with a side of home fries.  They also had a special of 12 oysters for $18.  A deal that good had to be had as well.

The oysters came out first.  I'm no oyster connoisseur at all, but they were pretty darn good.  My GF enjoys oysters way more than me and she was overall impressed.  My only tiny gripe was some of the oysters were a litlle on the smaller side.  For the price though, you really can't complain too much.

The clam chowder here is one of the best I've ever had.  One thing I have to say here is the portions when it comes to the seafood here are amazing.  There were tons of clam bits with a lot of other seafood items in the chowder.  Like I said earlier, the bennys here are the main attraction for brunch.  There were nice chunks of lobster on the bennys.  They did not skimp at all on that part.  The hollandaise sauce had a nice touch of acidity to balance the flavour throughout.  

Service was excellent throughout our experience here.  The waitress was super nice and patient with us. Parking around this place can be a crap shoot.  They don't have their on lot so your completely reliant on street or Green P parking.  

Overall, I really liked this place. I'm not the biggest oyster fan yet I still found a ton of reasons to enjoy this place.  If your a fan of seafood and oysters, give this place a try!笑
Great place to hang out with friends/co-workers.  Came here on a Thursday for lunch with some girl friends hoping to get the 100 oysters for $100 but it was only offered on Thursday evening.  We still got the dozen oysters for $18 which is still a pretty good deal.  It was super fresh!  Everything we had was delicious which included the grilled sea bream, mussels, fish & chips, crispy calamari, and chicken liver pate.  We pretty much tried everything on their lunch menu.

Don't forget to check in to get your 10% discount.  Note that it doesn't include drinks and the dozen oysters special but it's still great to get a discount.笑
Brought in my birthday here. Best choice ever. If you're a seafood lover, get here...NOW. We had the oysters,wild mushrooms, lemon pickerel, mussels and their signature burger. Best of all was the toffee pudding that I made my bday wish on- this is a MUST have. The food,ambience and excellent service makes this place a hidden jewel that I'm glad we checked out.笑
The oysters were incredible!!! Atmosphere amazing!!! And the staff was so friendly!!! I love this place ... Definitely the cities best hidden gem !!! Can't wait to come back again !!!笑
Great food and amazing service. We called in regarding the wait as we've never been there before and was a Thursday evening. The girl on the phone recommended we make a reservation, so we came in for 8pm.

We ordered the mussels and fries, calamari, and their caesar salad to share for two people. The broth the mussels were sitting in was a delicious, light yet creamy coconut pool. The calamari came with a sweet chilli Thai dipping sauce, and rather than the usual soggy, extremely chewy texture, the squid was covered in the type of breaded crust that onion rings would come in - they were amazing. Their caesar salad comes with a greek yogurt dressing rather than the generic creamy caesar, making the salad more refreshing.

Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. She made sure our plates were always replaced, and our water was always full.

Not a huge beer selection but my girlfriend got their chardonnay on tap and it was pretty good. Good enough to get a second glass, and almost a third.

Wednesdays have a dozen oysters on special, a mix of west and east coat. Will be back to try that!笑
Amazing ambience, great staff and to top it off every aspect of the food that was served at pearl diver was fresh, delicious and we savoured every bite.  Would def recommend for seafood lovers and raw oyster lovers alike!  2 thumbs up and if i could give it 6 stars i would!笑
It was easy to make reservations online. I had made several changes to the reservation since the initial booking all all requests were accommodated. I had also requested a private room for our group of 9, which ended up being shared with another table. Compared to the high noise level outside of the semi-private room, it was definitely better having our group inside the room in order to hear the person from across the table. We were celebrating two birthdays and the service was good at the beginning. But the service level slowly declined towards the end. We had repeated asked for more water halfway through the meal, which was not provided until after the bill had been paid. We had also requested for more bowls for the empty oyster shells which were never brought to our table. Our server was charismatic and very knowledgable about the menu and the origin of the oysters. He even gave us free shots in celebration of the birthdays. We requested split bills, but understandably it was not possible with such a large group. Automatic 18% gratuity was added to the bill. I would recommend the 100 oysters for $100 Thursday deal, but I don't know if I would return on any other occasion.笑
We ordered the sea food tower, calamari and mixed greens salad and they were all delicious. The calamari was cooked to perfection; just the right amount of batter and very crispy! The mixed greens salad complemented the calamari well and served as a good side to the seafood goodness. Lastly, the sea food tower.. even though we paid for the full price ( we came on a Sunday night), I still think it was worth it. The variety they provide allows you to sample different items if you prefer to just have a little bit of everything. The portion size was good too. My bf and I shared everything and we left full and satisfied. 

Overall, it's a very good neighbourhood seafood place. I'll definitely come back for their deals, in particular, the Tuesday sea food tower special.. and the calamari! I heard they have live music too so that's another plus in my books!笑
Came here on a Tuesday night for the seafood circus platter special. The oysters were amazing, super fresh. On the bottom section, you get roughly a dozen of oysters, half from the east coast (PEI) and the other had from the west coast (BC). Unfortunately only 1 platter per two people, so you'll definitely need more food. The special is amazing, worth the price, and definitely recommend! 

We had 4 people and ordered calamari and the cured fish plate since we were still hungry. The calamari was pretty standard. However I didn't think the cured fish plate was worth the $17 price. Being an appetizer, it's tiny so you're better off ordering a main instead. The plate itself was also not completely great taste-wise. 

The service is great though, since it was our first time there, the waiters spent sometime explaining to us what was in the platter and where they came from. Also, after our first seafood circus, they came and gave us fresh plates before we devoured the second one. That was very appreciated.笑
Visiting from Chicago and I must say that I was very pleased with the Mahi Mahi and the Pearl Diver Burger! It was so yummy! The seafood combo special on Tuesdays is so delicious! I wish I could take it back to Chicago with me. Till next time! But 5 stars for this place.笑
More than just fresh seafood.  Seafood was great, salads were great & very inventive, burger was great.  Not a huge menu, but not hard for everyone to find something that worked out.  I'm a fan.笑
Went because of the Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. 

Service excellent. Recommended less food not more. 

If I lived in Toronto I'd come back often.笑
Great food and service! Their seafood is definitely fresh and cooked to perfection. I would recommend coming on Tuesday for their $29.99 deal on the seafood circus. Definitely make reservations to avoid waiting!!笑
Best burger I have ever eaten (and I've tried em everywhere)
Great oysters and seafood笑
Wonderful fish. Great service. Lucky you if you get the amazing Polina at the bar. Don't forget to order at least a dozen oysters.  Grilled sardines and chowder were great as well/笑
This place is very cosy. The service was wonderful the dishes were tasty but was still lacking the delicious part of the meal. They had an oyster deal at the time. But I'm not a huge fan of oysters so I did miss out on those. I would give the service a 5 out of 5. Very attentive and courteous. It's a must try destination if you are into your oysters. as I only tried a couple of the dishes in which I had the snow crab legs but was quite disappointed in the size. Other than that I was happy overall.笑
Visited Toronto in July and was very happy to find this gem! The food, drinks, and service were so good that my family and I dined here twice in one weekend. 

We enjoyed fresh oysters on the half shell, grilled shrimp, chowder, the goat cheese salad,  and delicious margaritas to start. We also tried the calamari (which was the only item we didn't love.)

Entree-wise, I had the Tandoori salmon which was awesome! Loved the flavor combinations. My mom said the burger was out of this world.

We enjoyed Sunday brunch as well. Will definitely return next time I'm in Toronto.笑
Really love this place and nice to see it revamped from Starfish. I LOVE oysters and they have the most interesting/amazing types and all sustainable which is awesome. I've never had such fresh oysters. Also the caesar with dulse rimmed glass and fresh clam which is the best. Recommend anyone who is a seafood lover to go.笑
Everything was delicious, the steak the lobster the fried calamari and the clam shower, I will definitely return next time I'm in Canada笑
You would have thought I had three heads or was speaking in tongues by the way the host looked at me when I asked for a table WITHOUT a reservation. The nerve of me! His reaction to me asking for a table for one on a Saturday night was extremely uncomfortable and unwelcoming. The menu looks amazing and I was extremely excited to eat here, but I was not able to do so...笑
Love this place for fresh seafood.  They take pride in their smoked fish as well as the rest of the items on the menu.

I had the mussels and started with the smoked platter. I found the mussels to be cooked perfectly and had such a clean flavor to them.  The smoke fish was also fantastic. May l also add the the skinny flies we just delicious as well!笑
Went there for oysters and happy hour. Nice location with great decor. Staff was attentive and anything I have eaten here has been good. If you want cheap oysters downtown check out which nights they have deals and visit Pearl Diver. Thumbs up.笑
Will definitely go back, but probably not for the oysters.
I had the seared scallops nicely cooked served with lardon kale and shredded apple (little too salty but other wise good).  Had the burger as a main... seriously amazing burger.

On the oysters ... they seemed a little dry and I also found in odd that you has to pick 2 sauces (most places bring all their condiments out and I enjoy them all) 

Nice warm and lively atmosphere笑
One of my favorite restaurants in the downtown core. Located on Adelaide it is quite easy to find with the mermaid sign at the front. On Tuesdays they have their seafood circus tower (delish) it comes with a bunch of different seafood items like oysters, clams, lobster flaws, tuna tartar, uni and etc. It is up to the shucker to decide what to put on the tower. My understanding is each tower is customized.

On Thursdays they have 100 oysters for 100 dollars. Sucha great deal if you have a group of 4 or 5 who loves oysters just as much as you! Their Ceaser is also amazing as they use clam juice in the mix. We've also ordered their steak and calamari here before and it is delish, except the portion of the calarmari is on the smaller side.

Definitely a great atmosphere and the owner is super friendly as well!笑
Went for lunch and it was fantastic.  The place was empty at 12:30 and had the oyster special which is a great deal.  The waitress and shucker know their oysters and steered us in the the right direction and the choices are plentiful.
Also had the diver lunch salad with steelhead trout and that was delightful.
Add a couple of pints and we left totally happy.
Next time in Toronto, I wouldn't think of not coming here again.  If  I lived in Toronto I would be a steady customer.  Gotta try dinner next time.....笑
We first came here when it was only opened for 5 weeks (probably close to 2 years ago now). I booked this place for my husband's birthday. They gave us the private room in the back. I didn't even ask for it! :) The food was fairly priced as it was fresh, flavourful and well portioned. They also had a sound system for us to plug in our own music. The ambiance, decor and vibe of this place is cool and relaxed. We've eaten here a few times. Their $100 for 100 oysters is the best deal, especially if you are going with a group of oyster-loving friends.笑
Holy moly! Is this place good!  Amazing food for amazing prices! Thursday specials is 100 oysters for $100 bucks so bring your friends and don't forget to make reservations!  We ordered the seafood tower which included crab legs, seared tuna, mussels, clams and two types of Canadian oysters from east and west coast.  We sat at the bar since we had no reservations and guests were kind enough to move over to make room for our group of three.  The main shucker was also super friendly who was able to give us a lot of information about the oysters. A must try place and will return for sure!笑
What a great place. Lovely decor, great ambiance, and excellent food - all at a reasonable price. While most of the clientele were younger than us my wife and I, both of a certain age, felt comfortable and welcome. We had a seafood circus tower followed by moules and frites. all delicious. Would love to have more choice about what oysters we were served, but they were all good.  We will return.笑
Awesome experience warm cozy atmosphere, fresh delicious crab shrimp oysters and more on their seafood tower.  Next time we're in Toronto we will return here!笑
The Pearl Diver is a quaint and cozy restaurant with fresh and delicious seafood. You definitely need a reservation here! Customers were being turned away on a Saturday night. 

The bar has a great selection of local beer and cider on tap. We started with some oysters, as recommended by our server and the Pearly Chowder with bacon, potatoes, clams and the daily catch. The soup was creamy and I enjoyed the bacon, but I wasn't overly impressed. It was sort of bland, although the seafood was fresh and tasted nice.  

We had mussels and frites for our entrees. It was served in a Thai-inspired coconut broth. This dish was unreal. The mussels were plump and melt in your mouth delicious. They didn't smell fishy at all. The fries were seasoned nicely and paired well with the mussels.笑
Best meal we had in Toronto! We had the oysters and then more oysters and then more oysters.笑
I have been to Pearl Diver on two separate occasions and have never been disappointed. So when I heard about their Seafood Circus Towers for $28.88 (Tuesdays only!), I immediately called them and made a reservation. My friend and I arrived for dinner at 7pm and we were immediately seated. In addition to the Seafood Circus, we ordered fries because you cannot go to Pearl Diver and not try their fries (blasphemy!). They are fantastic! They also have a great variety of craft beers which was a pleasant surprise for my beer-loving friend.

Now for the tower - it was a beauty, and if you love seafood as much as I do, this deal is a steal! Specially because the seafood is incredibly fresh and the variety is plentiful. Our tower came with two types of oysters, clams, mussels, crab legs and shrimp! The only issue you may find with the tower is that you don't get to choose the type of seafood that makes up the tower, so if you are not a fan of some items, you will be disappointed. But since I love all seafood, I was in my own little heaven. Although there were a lot of seafood options in our tower, we were still hungry once we finished it, so we decided to order dessert. I generally don't order dessert, but I am so glad I did! They don't have a dessert menu online or hard copies, so our waiter gave us the list of options to choose from. As soon as I heard Sticky Toffee Pudding, I was sold - no need to hear the rest. And OH.MY.GOD! The best sticky toffee pudding I have EVER had! It was sticky, sweet, rich and decadent. I can't remember the name of the dessert my friend got, but we were not impressed. In fact, we fought over mine - so I inhaled it rather than share more than two bites!

Now that I have been to Pearl Diver for dinner on three different occasions, I think it is time to try their brunch! Did you know that they have a Lobster Benny on their brunch menu? Yes, you read that right! I hope their brunch is as delicious as their dinner!

Stay tuned!笑
I was excited to try this place after all the great yelp reviews so I made a reservation on a Friday afternoon for that night at 6pm...so happy they still got me in. Got there at ten to six,just in time to order their oyster special - $18 for a dozen. We also got the grilled sea bream, fish and chips, grilled foccacia, pearl diver Caesar, and sticky toffee pudding. I personally love the sea bream the most. It was grilled so well, probably to perfection, that it was so juicy and tender. Their fries and salad that came with the fish and chips were also delicious so focus wasn't just on the fish. Also their Caesar was well presented with an oyster with shell and olives to garnish. As for dessert, I'm not a fan of anything too sweet so hearing sticky, toffee, pudding all put together sounded like cavities to me, but I had to try it after all the reviews I've read. It's perfect for sharing and it was warm and not too sweet at all. They also have some cranberries to balance out the sweetness.

The environment is so casually comfortable that my mom,my sister and I stayed for almost two hours just chatting  and didn't realize how time flew by. We got a booth seat that was spacious and came with a cushion.笑
Came here for lunch one time and thought it was okay.

It wasn't that busy but service was very slow. We had to wait 15 minutes for the waitress to even introduce herself and give us waters. 

I got the fish and chips and thought it was too oily, but my boyfriend said their burger was really good.

The place was cute though.笑
We booked a large party and Pearl Diver was very accommodating. Within our whole group we ordered a few seafood towers, handful of appetizers and a good variety of mains. I had the burger, and this is almost odd to say, but for a seafood place, the burgers are amazing. The price is tolerable but it is on the higher end for a burger. 

All in all, I would definietly come back!笑
This place was one of my go to oyster places as they have 100 for $100 on Thursday. They oysters were always fresh and the place was always packed. But during the past few times I've been here I have noticed the service dropping. 

The most recent time we went was on a Friday. We noticed that waiters and staff members changed. They were all new faces. The service was extremely slow and the waiters were so rude. Not only that but the cleanliness of the restaurant went down. If you sit near the bar, there would be food flies flying around your head. The oysters were somewhat fresh but they were not cleaned properly as I found a tiny worm on my plate squirming around after........................................................

So sad, would not be coming back for oysters here anymore. Their sticky toffee pudding was so good.




Reply to Martin:
Hi Martin, 

Not sure why you're confused or find it offensive. You're the chef but not the shucker and I have complimented your sticky toffee pudding. I've spent over $1000 at the restaurant easily as I've been there a lot of times. 

Like I said service was acceptable before but the last few times I visited it was not so great. I'm simply stating facts based on my visits.笑
I come here really often for the oysters. But i've recently noticed the service quality has gone down. The waiters aren't as friendly and it takes a long time for them to shuck oysters even though the restaurant wasn't full. It was pretty late too. 

The sticky toffee pudding is a must try. It's really good.笑
This place is rated highly and I can see why. The only detractors were the service and maybe the price.

Service: I'm going to go straight to service because although the young lady was nice initially, her attitude changed completely after seeing a standard tip. Maybe she was expecting a handsome tip with the level of explanation she had about the oysters but her body language and attitude was a 180 when she saw a regular 15% tip. It could just be my philosophy but I tend to tip 15% before tax - which is about 13% after tax. Her explanation was also quite bland and it was obvious she didn't actually know very much about the oysters they were serving.

Food: good - fresh oysters with lots of variety. The mains and appetizers were not nearly as extravagant as many of the reviews here would allude to. They were OK but not anything to write home about.

Venue: good - ambience is 5/10 in terms of how loud it was. Lighting was adequate but on the dark side. I saw lots of dates happening on a Saturday night. Parking is easy on the street and costs about $3/h which is pretty good for DT Toronto.

Price: average - about $3-5/oyster on a regular night which is to be expected. Other items were average priced.

I will be back but I'm in no rush. There are tons of other oyster joints in Toronto that I'd check out before having a preferred place. So far, Pearl Diver would rank somewhere in the middle of the pack.笑
I came here on a late Tuesday night mostly for their special of the day - the Seafood Circus which is a tiered tower with shrimp cocktail, king crab legs, uni (sea urchin), mussels, as well as raw oysters and clams. We were lucky to have snagged the last tower of the day because it was absolutely delicious. Everything tasted so fresh! Judging from pictures posted by others, it seems like the items included in the tower differ slightly week over week depending on availability... but for the most part you will not be disappointed with this tower!

We also ordered calamari on the side. This was served with a sweet chili and lime dip that I loved! Would get this dish again as well.

They have a bunch of specials throughout the week that you can check out on their site. I want to go back to try other things on their menu and for their Thursday 100 oysters for $100 special!

Overall, it was a very pleasant dining experience and the servers were great. This is my new go-to seafood restaurant in downtown Toronto.笑
We've been here many times for oysters, love it! Their oyster deal is always great, lots of selections from fresh to creamy oysters.

If you are a huge caesar fan, definitely try it here! They literally place a huge oyster on the drink! YUMMersss :)

Their brunch menu is A-OK, hollandaise sauce for my benny was overly sour and the colour of it was really orange. Other than that it's really not a bad place for the dozen oyster deal.笑
Good burgers. Great oysters. Fantastic Calamari. Great service. Reasonable prices. Love it. Didn't try the fish but based on everything else, I bet it's great!笑
I booked a table for my sister's birthday. The restaurant was able to accommodate our group of 9 and booking was a breeze. First of, the restaurant decor was warm and cozy. Since we were a large group, our table was located in a back room which we appreciated since we had 2 children with us. We felt like we had a private room. There was a record player with an assortment of vinyl records which we were encouraged to use.

Our server for the evening was friendly, professional and knowledgeable about the menu when it came to recommendations.  For apps, we shared the grilled argentine shrimps, chicken liver & oyster pate, chowder, goat cheese salad and crispy calamari. The food was delicious and beautifully plated. Hands down my favorite was the chicken liver pate, it was rich and decadent. 

For our mains, we ordered the lobster, mussels & frites,fish & chips, trout with soba noddles and cod with mustard greens. Everyone in our table enjoyed their meal. I ordered the mussels which came in a coconut broth which was very tasty.

For dessert, we shared a chocolate delice tart and a sticky toffee pudding which was a nice ending to a great meal. Overall, I would recommend Pearl Diver to my family & friends. And I look forward to coming back and trying the oysters and the rest of their menu.笑
Toronto, Canada.  When the people whom you are dining with can't have a conversation about anything other than the meal they ate eating, you know you've  found a winner!  We had gone to the Pearl Diver because it was just a few steps from our hotel (lucky for that hotel because we would stay there again just to be close to this restaurant)! 

I give 5 stars to the sevice. Our hostess/ server was extremely cordial and also extremely knowledgeable about the items on the menu.  She could tell us about the seasonal beers on tap and even suggested which oysters on the platter to start and end with, the reasoning being based on the distinct characteristics of each oyster.  She really took the time to make us feel welcomed.  Also, when my husband dropped his fork, another server quickly came to pick it up and replaced it with a clean one. 

I'm not an oyster eater, but my husband and mother-in-law literally couldn't stop talking about the quality and freshness of the oysters.  It was the topic of our dinner conversation.  My crispy calamari was not only awesomely crisp but delicious as well; so awesome that these two oyster addicts were able to help me finish these off.

The aged beef burger was flavorful and didn't need any cheese or pickles.  The fries were well seasoned and crisp. The only thing that I thought could have been better was the batter for the fish and chips. It seemed a little oily for me. It was crisp on the outside, but a little mashy and greasy on the inside.  If we only ordered oysters, my husband would give this place 5 stars. Overall, the food would get a 4.5.  I would also give the selection of beers 5 stars, but I'm not a seasoned beer drinker.  They had nutty beers, bitter beers, a beer with a cherry finish (one of the seasonals)... I think all beer drinkers could find something to love here. But, because of the service, I had to round up my stars to 5.  You don't often get good service these days.  It was a totally pleasant dining experience.  (My husband is already dreaming about coming back to enjoy their Thursday 100 oysters/ $100 special!!)笑
Went on the day they had their special! For their seafood tower, good service, good food, I'd come again.笑
I give 3 stars here with a heavy heart, this being my second visit to Pearl Diver.  The first visit was phenomenal - the oysters, the chowder, and the pickled mackerel apps were incredible.  I came back this time mainly for chowder and mackerel, and got less than I bargained for..

The chowder, to be fair, was excellent as before.. It deserves 5 stars on its own - get it.

The mackerel appetizer was nowhere to be found - booooo.  It is now part of a cured fish plate, which includes some salmon gravlax and smoked sturgeon.  The mackerel as before was superb, but there were a threadbare 2 pieces on the plate.  Along with the equally stingy portions of the other fish, this $17 plate was poor value at best, and really bordering on rip-off territory..  I was not a huge fan of the sturgeon either, and the salmon had promise, but unfortunately the olive oil on the plate did not mix well with the delicate salmon flavours and masked the fish's potential.

As a main I tried the mussels and frites.  Ok frites, fries - whatever - they were sub-par and way too salty.  I shouldn't be leaving after the meal with my lips feeling like I just had a bag of salty popcorn or ramen seasoning.  The mussels were good themselves, and for $18 a good value (esp. compared than that fish plate).

Service was oh-kay-ish.  The guy who seated us was a little quiet and meek, but friendly, and the waiter was decent too.  Waters were topped up, but when it came time for the bill we probably sat around 20 minutes before resorting to flagging someone down.  I guess they didn't mind that we were taking up space in their full restaurant?  

Anyways, not much to complain about, but a little more 'meh' than the excitement I felt last time.  Bring back the mackerel appetizer please!  Next time I'm back I'm just gorging on that chowder - it's like crack, and I need my fix..笑
My fiancé and I came for a late dinner Tuesday night. We arrived a couple minutes before 10 pm. Upon being sat we were told that the kitchen was closing and we had 2 minuets to order. I was on yelp before we left to go to the restaurant and it didn't say that anywhere on the app, which would of been nice cuz we would of gone earlier out of courtesy. The server was nice but seemed preoccupied. The restaurant was closing at 11 pm (not 12pm like on the Yelp page)

We ordered the salad as a starter (I would of happily had it as a main had it been a bit bigger), fish and chips and burger add cheese and bacon. The fish and chips was a massive portion (3 large pieces!) I had read on a review the fries were very salty so I asked for light salt which was good. My fiancé claims the burger was the best he's ever had and I'm inclined to agree with him. It was cooked perfectly and the cheese was soooo good. 

We will be back for sure but earlier next time so we can take our time enjoying our meal and get one of the delicious sounding deserts.笑
We went here once before when it was starfish. Liked it then. Love love it now.

Food:

two dozen fresh oysters. divine. i love oysters. 
chicken liver and oyster pate appetizer was delicious.
woodland mushroom salad was good too.
the toffee pudding...drools.

Service:
Food is awesome and it was matched by the service. They didnt hover but frequently checked in on us. When i asked for ice cream w my toffee pudding it came for free w a smile. 

Atmosphere:
tables were close together but still pleasant

price:
for the quality it was totally worth it!

would definitely come back!笑
Great Food, good specials and atmosphere.

Went with a few friends before 6 and there is a special on oysters and drinks (I think a dozen oysters for 10/15$ and a drinks for 5/6$? 

We ordered fish and chips, mussels and fries, soup, and calamari; everything tasted delicious! They have a house-pepper sauce made from scotchbonnets was VERY GOOD.

Will be back!笑
Came for a birthday and after a last minute cancellation we were moved to the private room. Great food and great people! The score is a solid 4.5!

Staff: They were really friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. Any time we had a question, no matter how random it was, they offered to help and always much appreciated. They also had plenty of people clearing the plates allowing for an excellent dining experience since seafood comes with shells and bones. I would say the wait time could be improved slightly. I will also try and be fair to them because we were a large party of 15 so taking 30 min to get everyone's cold seafood done isn't completely unreasonable. And the entrees came pretty quickly afterwards.

Ambience: This place is great. I definitely felt like I was at a seafood place and the private room was extremely nice. They had a record player and said we were free to use it which was awesome! A natural first song we played was Barracuda by Heart (get it? Seafood?). There were lovely books on the shelves which they allowed us to look at during dinner and the room allowed us to move around and chat with ease. There's also a television and keyboard, so I think you could do presentations if you wanted to.

Food: I had the Calamari and I really appreciated them being different. It was a panko batter allowing for more texture and I think there were even black sesame. Loved the accompanying dip. For my entree I had their Burger which melted in my mouth! It was juicy and having the cheese and bacon on top was amazing. It was not too greasy at all which I appreciated since I'm not a fan of grease. It was messy though but I didn't care. The fries were great too, I wish they automatically came with mayonnaise and ketchup on the side rather than us having to have to ask.

Even with the minor things it was an excellent dining experience! Highly recommended and can't wait to return. There's also a yelp check in offer too!笑
I came excited to try this place now that it's no longer Starfish and because of the great reviews I read here. I unfortunately left very disappointed and won't return even though I had plans for their Thursday 100 oyster special for next week. 

I ordered a large seafood chowder to start. It was very bland and lacked seasoning. My dining partner didn't want any more of it because of that so I had to finish it for the both of us. The next was the oyster and chicken pate and bread which was good but a little too sweet for me for a pate. Their candied top should maybe be put on the side in case you like a savoury rather than more sweet pate. To finish was the seafood circus special for Tuesday. This is what I was really excited for but it missed the mark for me. The seared tuna was dry, the shrimp cocktail wasn't flavourful (and the shrimps were also dry) and the oysters had small pieces of shell in each one which is forgiveable as they are oysters but this isn't something I have experienced at other oyster places before. The mussels were delicious however. As a person born on an island surrounded by delicious seafood, this was a bust.

I also ordered three beers. The server told me that they had a Beau's drink special for $5. Sweet! But when my bill came, two of the beers were totalled to $16 and only one was at $5. I asked him about this and he said that their drink special was only till 6 and I ordered the other 2 beers after 6. He never informed me that the drink specials were only for a limited time or else I'd of factored that in. Why not inform your customer of that? Especially when they started me off with a drink special price (when I ordered my first beer at 5:55pm) but my next one 15 minutes later is going to be more expensive... tell me so I know what to expect.

My bill came out to ~$100. I wish I could have that money back. I'd of been much happier going to Buster's Sea Cove at the St. Lawrence Market for a shrimp poboy dinner and then grabbing some oysters at the market as well.笑
wha?? 100 oysters for 100 dollars?? This is the special Thursday oyster deal. If you never get sick from eating so much raw food, I'd do it in a heartbeat. But no...it is too much even for me, a serious oyster lover. Pearl Diver is an excellent place to enjoy oysters. They offer several sauces to go with the oysters and a seafood menu which I have yet to try. I clearly only wanted to go for the oysters...but I was mindblown by how amazing it was. I also ordered 2 appetizers which were not too bad either. But highlight? OYSTERS. How many times have you read the word oyster in this review? Probably more than 5. That goes to show how obsessed I am with oysters. It is definitely a delicacy and really a either you hate or love it kind of food. No middle ground, at least in my opinion. Anyways, great place for that stuff. Visit Visit Visit. Oh and one more thing, i took my boyfriend here for his birthday and the waitress was so nice not to charge a cutting fee (which I think is standard and required if you bring your own cake). Service is pretty great here. Go now if you love oysters, Just go now.笑
Came for brunch. The cocktails are tasty but a bit pricey. The Bramble was a nice morning choice. Didnt see a Mimosa on offer sadly :(  Laura was very attentive even with a large, demanding party who made her run a lot. (Going up to the bar with the empty wine and claiming server can't be found. Diva of a woman who was very impolite)

I ordered chowder and the oyster Benny. The chowder was packed full of fish, very flavorful and savoury. It was a good serving size. I appreciate the chopped fine herbs on top. 

The hollandaise was lemonlicious. The eggs were a good yolky texture. The oysters were interesting as the benny protein. I would get them again. Loved the potatoes - they had some peppers/ onions/ paprika and it jazzed them up a bit. 

Got 10% off for later after checking in.笑
We went on a Sunday - it's the old Starfish. Similar theme!
We had Oysters, Sardines, Chicken Liver and Oyster pate, hot shells and caesar. Aside from the Caesar everything was great.
Staff and interior are also nice.
$5 wine on Sunday!
Good for family on quiet nights and dates/friends on rowdy nights :)笑
I had a Sunday brunch here and it was definitely one of the best brunches I had in a very long time.
The staff was super nice because we came actually one hour early by mistake and they were still closed and they saw us waiting outside and they came to greet us and let us in early anyway.
I had their famous burger with fries and salad, an orange juice, coffee.
Let me say everything was absolutely delicious and to die for.
The best part was definitely the burger which was cooked right, with the right amount of delicatessen inside and accompanied with a nice salad.
The fries are also very good and I love the sitting by the window so you can see people walking on the sidewalk and is facing the st James park which it can get quite interesting and with different kind of characters during a nice Sunday morning.
The decor inside was really well made and everything was kept well and clean.
Also the music they play is a nice selection.
Definitely will recommend this place.笑
They used to have a cool bartender called Liam but he doesn't work there anymore. Oysters are fresh. Dishes are OK, not very interesting.笑
I usually do not write reviews. However,  had to write write about this place because the food is really good. Service is really bad. Had to ask the waitress for anything at least three time before she could actually remember and bring it. A couple at the table next to ours was asked how their food was and is they are ready for the check after an hour of waiting, when their food did not even come out. Just a heads up to the owners, could beg rest place if you hire good staff.笑
loved this place!
drink special and oyster deals are so very fantastic!

All the seafood have been very very fresh and I enjoyed every single bite of it. can't wait to come here for 100 for 100 sometime :) for a seafood love like myself this is a little bit of heaven.笑
This is my favorite restaurant in Toronto. As a bachelor, I eat out a lot! The food is always on point. The prices are very reasonable. The staff is very friendly as I've gotten shots on the house multiple times. Their specials are great, such as the seafood circus as well as their oysters. I also like the fact that I can get good late night food in Toronto. Pretty much no downside to this place. Reviews should be higher. This is a place that doesn't need hype. It's just good!笑
Similar to what we have back at home at Rodney's, again, the same usual trendiness and action.  It's happening, very social.

Just here for drinks and appies.  Calamari was out of this world, never had something like this NOT deep fried, perhaps baked, but the sesame seeds are a nice touch.  Easily would order this again.  

Clam chowder also good too.  Didn't try the oysters, rest of colleagues said they were good, as I stay away from the raw stuff lol.

Great friendly service from Polina, 20% tip easily warranted.

Booth seating on the right.笑
Had a GREAT night at Pearl Diver back in May and I was remiss in giving them a review! Everything was excellent. Had gorgeous fresh oysters, shared the spicy calamari and sampled the cocktail and draft menu. The staff were helpful, engaging and fast. We sat at the bar to be close to the shucking action. The place got very busy after 7pm so reservations are recommended.笑
Came back here for our anniversary dinner and the Oysters were delicious!!! It was like they just caught them from the ocean and threw them on my plate! So yummy!!! They gave us complimentary oysters for our anniversary -- thats what you call attentive service!!! I had their burger again and it was off the charts delicious!!! Vodka sprite was just the best I have ever had...never knew crushed ice could make such a big difference!! We made rezos rights away to come back here for their Thursday special 100 for $100 Oysters deal. This place is just beyond phenomenal!!! Thank you Pearl Diver for being so great on a consistent basis! You can tell that there is definitely Love placed in every dish and drink!笑
Great vibe, warm friendly service, not pricy  but high quality seafood!  It is the seafood restaurant I go to in downtown.  The best of this place is the daily special and happy hour special.  

The seafood circus is a must try signature dish here!!笑
Absolutely the best and the freshest seafood in town.
I come here every week for raw oysters, but everything else on the menus is great as well.笑
The oysters --especially with the horseradish sauce that was complimentary- are tasty.  The Pearl Diver Burger is what a burger should be: a well made juicy patty that does not rely on condiments to make up for any short comings.  The vibe here is cozy and relaxed... no pretensions here!  :)笑
Best fish and chips I've ever had.  Wife had an amazing seafood tower.
We will go back, again and again!笑
Ok, I really really like this place.  I've been there five or six times so far and each time the food is good, the service is boheme and friendly, if not super speedy or perfectly accurate.

It can be noisy.  Not tecno boom boom, but it's a small place and they pack in the diners.  

They're nice about not hustling your out once you are in side.  Which I like.

Take advantage of the specials, it's the place to go.笑
Best oysters ever! The overall price is bit high but it's totally worth it. Totally going back for 100 oysters for $100 night笑
We went here because we haven't been out for oysters in ages and the existing reviews (9 or 10) all said this place was the bomb (referencing other oyster places that were also allegedly the bomb). So expectations were high.

The atmosphere was (is) great. The menu was respectably limited yet varied (so they can do all the items well, right?). The actual food--including the oysters--was fine, not amazing (aside from the fish of the day--seabream--which was cooked perfectly and had us picking at the bones). The prices, however, are just too high for this caliber of food. And while our server was polite and seemingly knowledgable, service was just plain slow. There was plenty of front-of-house staff (and it wasn't yet that busy when we went in) but the staff seemed more interested in chatting with each other than providing the kind of service that $135 meal for two should include.笑
Came here for the regular Thursday 100/$100 deal, which gives you a whopping three-tiered castle of one hundred oysters for $100.  These oysters are shucker's choice, a mix of East and West Coast.  Tonight, we had the Timbit-sized, salty Shiny Sea and the large, plump and somewhat creamier Fanny Bay. 

If you come on another day, rest assured the oysters are fresh, with roughly 6-8 varieties available at regular price.  When you arrive at your table, two small ramekins filled with mignonette and cocktail sauce await you. 

I won't bury the lead:  the Thursday deal price is a steal.  At only $1 per oyster, you're getting a guaranteed fresh product by experienced staff who are well trained to serve you only the good stuff. Service is super friendly, and will check back to see if you need anything.  We asked for a lot of things (more sauce, more horseradish, more water, some ketchup, some mayo, more mignonette....) and staff was incredibly quick and courteous to oblige.  

Case in point: I (nearly) ate one that had no smell but a definite fishy taste and spat it out, and a friendly waitress who happened to pass by immediately replaced it with a new one on ice,  served in a martini glass. 

There are a few buck-a-shuck pub night deals, but their focus is the booze.  Wine and beer are available here too, but they also really want you to enjoy your food as well.  The ambience is mid-casual: the well-worn wooden floor, chalkboard pillars, and sea-themed paintings feels like a ship deck. 

We also ordered a fish and chips ($18) to share, which came with a lovely tartare sauce on the side.  As it came with three separate pieces of fried fish, it was perfect for sharing amongst our table of 3.  The shoestring fries were delicious too, and I regret not having ordered another round of fries.  

That's my only regret about my experience.  I suppose that the only remedy is to go back again now.  No regrets after all...
#NoRegrats #RegratNoRegrats笑
Awesome spot for sea food! Small and cozy. Went in on a monday night. Not empty but not packed. Service was proper and the food was even better! Mos Def go back again!!笑
I used to live in the area and I like to think of Pearl Diver as my hidden little gem. Every time I have come here, I've had nothing but great experiences. The food, the cocktails, the service, the atmosphere - everything. I recommend taking a seat at the bar and watching the crew shuck away all night. The staff are incredibly attentive, fun and friendly. There was this one time that they even came around the bar to show me how to properly shuck an oyster!

My go-to is usually a caesar (garnished with a generous amount of horseradish!), a dozen oysters to share - a mix of everything and the Pearl Diver Burger (arguably my favourite burger in the city - and I'm a burger gal). By this time I'm pretty full but I can't resist their Toffee Pudding. Just get it. You'll hate yourself but you'll understand.笑
Been here before when it was Starfish, but Pearl Diver takes it to another level.  Came here on Tues night and the waitress told us they have a special Seafood tower.  Who could say no to that. $28 for the tower is amazing. 12 oysters, a couple mussels, 3 jumbo shrimps, some Ahi tuna and a few others.  We also got the mussels and fries.  It was in a weird Thai curry which I wasn't too fond of.  The sticky toffee pudding was pretty good but I think we got a old piece as it was harder on the ends.  Still pretty good.  Looking forward to going on the 100 oysters for $100 day in the future. Don't forget to check-in on Yelp to get 10% off.  Only worked on regular priced items.笑
I could just give three stars at most. Didn't feel like it live up to the hype of all the good reviews on yelp. Our family on a trip to Toronto. I searched and found this seafood restaurant and saw the pictures of all the amazing dishes. Walked in on Tue night which they have the "seafood circus" special and Yes, every table was getting at least one. We ordered one as well. Very disappointed! It didn't look like those pictures I saw on yelp. They served on two tiers. Top: 4 cocktail shrimp.m, 2 snow crab legs, and a few cured fish filet (i think it tasted like smoked tuna), and a whole bunch of teeny tiny mussels on two teeny ting shells, all cramped and piled up together!! How ridiculous!! There was no way to tell if the mussels even fresh which usually it sticks on its shells for serving!! It is smoked flavor! In my opinion, seafood should always served fresh. If you add flavor and processed, it's not fresh!! The bottom tier got 12 small oysters which is yes, small again! And not a single bit of fresh water taste!!! The fresh shredded horseradish doesn't  have horseradish taste!! It means it was sitting there for a long time before serving!!! BIG disappointment!! The other two dishes we ordered were equally unimpressed!! Snd also did not look like anything that the other posted on yelp! What happened?? I realized those pix was about a year ago but it is making me think if it is the reason the restaurant cutting cost or have they changed to new chefs or new management, etc? The server we had, not the best. In fact I found her rude at times. Not much smile. Not attentive. When asked to get water and a new set of cutlery, with no face expression so I wasn't sure if she heard, and asked again politely, but she was kind of impatient and said "I will! Just wait a minute!" I am not being picky. I just felt she doesn't enjoy much dealing with customers, may be? Anyway, I tried this rated 4.5 seafood restaurant and don't think i will recommend to anyone. I have much better seafood in Boston, Seattle, CA and Vancouver. No luck in Toronto.笑
Strange to have ordered a burger at a seafood place but honesty it was one of the best burgers I've had since moving to Toronto. Cooked to perfection, great toppings, and the fries were also delicious. Friendly staff笑
I feel honoured to write the first review of this place!! 

I used to live in the area and go to Starfish all the time. Loved sitting at the bar and having some amazing oysters. Which by the way had the best selection in the city. I didn't know it changed over to Pearl Diver and didn't think I could love this place anymore. BUT YES IT WAS POSSIBLE. 

I hate when people use the word "fresh" a lot but the fish was very fresh. Every dish was very thought out and balanced. To start I ordered the warm organic salmon confit which had apples and fennel - hence again FRESH and light. I also had some bites of my friends calamari which had the best ginger lime dip, I could put that on anything. For the main we split the rainbow trout which came in a miso broth with soba noodles - surprised to see that on the menu but was really beautiful and well balanced. I don't often like places that have a mix of different cuisines but everything just tasted great and using really nice ingredients. Very cozy atmosphere - and i'll be back soon!笑
If you're ever in Toronto you need to go here. The food is great, staff is knowledgeable and very friendly. I had the muddles, and oysters and tried my first raw clam, everything was super fresh and clean. Looking forward to my next visit.笑
Excellent oysters! To my surprise burgers here are one the best I had so far. Also you can't go wrong with the sticky toffee pudding.笑
I have now been here twice, and both of them have been really great times.  We opted both times to come for the Thursday night special, 100 oysters for $100, and this can be easily shared between two (for those who truly love them) or more!  

Both times we ordered the 100 Oysters
The 100 oysters comes in three waves (trays) as they are shucked right at the bar and put on trays of ice along with them horseradish, lemon and a side of mignonette and cocktail sauce.

First visit 
Cider, Fries and the 100 Oysters
Fries were amazing, really cannot go wrong with them (and I was pretty hungry that day)
100 Oysters - we split them between 3 people, so it was a nice mix as we didn't know if it'd be too much to have about 33 oysters per person.

Second Visit
Wine, Cured Seafood, 100 Oysters and the Lemon Curd tart with sour cream sorbet and almond brittle.

Wine - if you get there before 6:00 pm they have a Zinc and Sink special where wine (Chardonnay) is like $7 bucks and you can order a dozen oysters with wine for $18 bucks (not a bad deal).
Cured Seafood plate - it had mackerel, salmon gravlox, octopus, pickles and toasted slices of bread.  All was amazingly cured and a nice way to stave off the 'hangry' feeling when you have been waiting with anticipation for Oysters!  The pickles were okay; as a Scotian it is in my blood to love almost anything pickled.
100 Oysters - they were amazing however we didn't get our little forsk and had to make due.  Lemon Curd tart with sourcream sorbet and almond brittle - an amazing combination and sweet treat at the end of a meal.  

If you love seafood (and not just the seafood and eat it diet) I suggest you come check it out, a word to the wise is to make reservations as this place is very cozy and fills up quickly!!!笑
#NEXTLEVEL. Love this place.  All the oysters.  All the cocktails. All the friendly baristas.  All the tasty foods.  Did I mention all the oysters?笑
Absolutely loved this place. Went here after going to the Christmas Market and we were not able to get into any restaurant there so decided to try something close by. I'm so glad we were unable to get that table at Mill Street tonight as Pearl Diver hit major points in all areas from the start.  We sat at the bar as it was busy when we arrived at 8:30. Every table was filled with  happy looking customers and piled high with platters of oysters. The atmosphere was both busy and boisterous but still cozy and quaint.  We ordered the calamari and chowder to start. My companion and I both agreed it was the best of both we'd  ever had.  The calamari was tender and crispy with a yummy spicy, sweet sauce. We both had the tandoori salmon which was perfectly cooked and presented on a bed of quinoa.  During the meal the bartender kept checking in making sure we were doing ok for drinks and enjoying the food. Service, food, atmosphere were top notch. I can't wait to come back and try the other menu items.笑
We are embarrassed that we raved so much about this place to our friends. Mussels were small and sandy, air conditioning wasn't working, music was so loud we had to shout at each other even though we asked two times to please turn down the volume (apparently there is a strict management policy about volume) and the side salads we ordered for appetizer didn't show up til the entree. Sorry to say we won't be back.笑
First things first! This place is so clean. And they have a great selection of beer. We tried almost everything on the menu and it was all great. Shrimp cocktail is decently sized and the raw oysters were fresh. Steak was cooked just right and the burger meat is juicy. The seared scallops have a unique tasting base so if you don't like things too different I would suggest a different alternative.笑
Great seafood, atmosphere, and service. We tried their specials, and it is so impressive.笑
Giving it a 3.5 - I love seafood and I was a bit disappointed, perhaps I had high expectations going into it due to the reviews on here.

Food
We have a dozen oysters $18 special half malpeque, half fanny bay. They were fresh and good. 

I had the smoked trout which was a little over seasoned (salty) which came also with mussels, shrimp and soba noodles. It was in a soupy texture which I thought was kind of interesting, the piece of trout was generous but it was placed on top of the soup which wasn't the most aesthetically pleasing. The mussels were small and the soba noodles not plenty. Again, over seasoned.

My boyfriend had the fish and chips which was a generous portion, however fries again over salted.

We had the clam chowder which was not very thick which I enjoyed, it was light and not like most chowders I've tasted, but could've used a little salt here.

The focaccia bread was great, toasted perfectly and already buttered. 

Other than that, we went on a Tuesday and were disappointed to find out we had to wait until 6pm to try the Seafood circus. We booked our reservation on a Tuesday after work just to try the Tuesday special - but did not want to wait for it.笑
Pearl Diver was definitely easy to find as they have a large mermaid on their sign outside of their restaurant. The restaurant is definitely cozy but not too dark. Came on a Tuesday and we got the "before 6 pm oyster special" for a dozen for $15. Initially, we wanted to get the seafood circus, which they have only on Tuesday but we wanted to book an earlier reservation. However, many parties that came after 6 pm ordered the seafood circus and it looked delicious. 

Ordered: 
A dozen oysters ($15) - Really fresh but we only received 11 oysters. We told the waitress that we only had 11 oysters. Based on her facial expressions, she didn't believe us and took the plate back to count the amount of oyster shells on the plate. After counting each one individually, she came back and gave us one oyster and apologized. 
Cured Fish Plate ($17) - Really interesting dish. My friend and I enjoyed this. We liked everything but the pumpernickel bread. 
Fish and Chips ($18) - Hands down, one of the best fish and chips I ever eaten. It actually kind of reminds me of the Chinese donut that you use to dip your congee with. I highly recommend this dish. 
Mussels and Frites ($18) - My friend ordered this one and she really enjoyed it. Surprisingly, they gave her many mussels enough to fill her up. 

The fries for both of our entrees were really good. I enjoyed the fries a lot. 

When we paid for the bill, we used the 10% discount promo when you check in on Yelp for Pearl Diver. We showed the waitress and she said " the promo doesn't include the oyster special" in a really rude tone. Like okay, we get it. Prior to getting the bill, we asked the other waitress for the bill, and she later just stands there and does nothing. 

Anyway, the food here is good but I am not a fan of the waitresses here. I hope maybe they have better and nicer waitresses on other days.笑
I'm really not that impressed... 
We ordered fish and chips, the chips are overcooked and the fish is extremely oily, which caused my stomachache right after a couple of bites. 
Also I have to say, the fish is not seasoned well. 
I expressed my feelings when the waitress asked how we liked our meal, and she said she would pass  it to the chef. We expected our food to be replaced at least, however, nothing happened in the end.
I truly wish there's improvement in food quality and customer service at Pearl Diver.笑
I had a dozen oysters and the mussels & focaccia for lunch. The oysters/mussels tasted fresh and delicious. Only thing I noticed is how small the oysters/mussels are compared to other places I've been to. Maybe just the season? I will definitely try to find out later and also bring my wife for dinner. 2-thumbs up笑
I do love this place!  I've been twice, once for brunch and once for dinner with the family.

I have to say brunch was the better option.  We came with the family and ordered a whole bunch of items and it wasn't really mind blowing still good though, I did find a oyster I loved it was super meaty and if I was smart enough I would've wrote it down so you all could try it but alas I was not so now you have to try all of them!!!

Brunch was wonderful!  Just go try it you'll love it!笑
Visited this place before the PRINCE concert last March 2016. Oysters were amazing, we even got two freebee's to try complements of the shucker himself. Lots of wine and beer on tap. Will be back. Customer service top notch.笑
Had a great dinner last night - the special of the day $15 for dozen oysters were amazing. Main of Fish & Chips was pretty good and Sticky Toffee Pudding was amazing! Next time I would be trying more of the daily specials as the market priced fish ordered at the next table looked great!笑
This place knocked my socks off!  I had the opportunity to try this restaurant at an Elite event and I will definitely go back.  The food was absolutely delicious - the event had oysters that were so fresh it was amazing..mussels in a rich coconut sauce, dumplings that just melted in your mouth.....everything I tried was mouth watering.

The service was amazing so I hope it lives up to a regular night here.  It's on the smaller side so resos a must.  It has a clean, rustic charm that I love - wooden tables, a nice bar and a smaller back room.

If you love seafood this place should be on your list to try!笑
It is with mixed emotions that I write this 1-star review update.

I will preface it by saying that I have enjoyed some wonderful brunches since my memorable introduction to Pearl Diver a few years back. 

Before "the incident" (described below) I had resisted writing an updated review about Pearl Diver because I didn't want to share my secret of the well-priced classic breakfast with its great salad; saucy home fries; gravlax (subbed in for bacon at no additional cost); eggs; and yummy bread. Heaven forbid that this would turn into the next Le Petit Déjeuner (which is in the same area) with the requisite queue.

Anyhow, the love affair with this place is over and my updated review is quite a rotten tale indeed...

A couple of months back my partner and I ordered some mains, including a seafood tower, on a Saturday evening. It was a busy night and the tower seemed to be a popular choice, which isn't surprising since it appears to be priced well for all of that seafood. Unfortunately, I got more than I bargained for on that tower of shell. 

I ended up getting a horrible case of food poisoning/noro virus that I believe could have been avoided at a higher calibre institution that could handle a busy crowd and deliver impeccable product and service. 

I could smell that an oyster was funky and notified our server. She wasn't apologetic and simply brought out 2 new oysters for us to replace the bad one. I was in an agreeable mood and didn't insist on anything further and so perhaps that was my fault. I tried to eat what seemed fresh when I should have just quit once I smelled something fishy.

While I am aware that there is always risk involved when you are eating raw seafood, it is best practice for someone to sniff each oyster after it has been shucked and before they are served.  This is a comment that my partner made and while he would never deem himself a fussy foodie type, he has experience in the service industry (he worked at Joso's when he was a university student) and it rang sensible to me.

Bottom line is that Pearl Diver didn't take the time or care to handle our food properly that night. Not okay. 

I certainly won't be returning for seafood :(  They've slid from oyyy yeah to oyyyy vey.笑
Even though this is a seafood restaurant, ironically I did not order any seafood... Heck I don't even like oysters. I came here for my friend's bday and was worried I wasn't going to be able to order anything but I was wrong! 

The clam chowder was delicious! Not too rich... And the calamari was crispy as well - not soggy like some of the ones I've had before. For the main I got the burger with applewood smoked cheddar (a must!) and it really elevated the taste of the burger. The burger was super juicy too, causing the bun to get soaked. For dessert, we got the sticky toffee pudding which was so moist! The creme brûlée and flourless cake was awesome too. It's a bit pricey here but I think it's well worth it.笑
Came here last night with a date and was surprised at the service and food all wrapped in a cozy small restaurant. 

Made a reservation via the Pearl Diver website for 9PM. When we walked in at about 8:55 the place was packed. Provided that it was Tuesday they have the Seafood Circus Platter on special. (kinda the reason why we came). The server came shortly after we were seated by to provide us the specials of the day and water! We made our order which consisted of the following. Seafood Tower (Tuesday Special) Mussels, Shrimp Cocktail, Oysters, Seared Ahi Tuna and Crab Legs, Pearly Chowder (Clam Chowder), Seared Scallops, Oyster & Chicken Liver Pate. 

The Seafood Tower was overall good, the oysters were shucked properly and were very fresh, the mussels came in a very nice sauce, the crab legs were meaty but at the same time just average. The tuna in my opinion (and my partners) wasn't as good as we would expect it to be. It tasted very bland and dry leaving a desire for more considering the rest of the tower was so good. Next we received the Pate, it came with several slices of beard cut in triangles. Pate is a acquired taste that my dining partner and myself .. love. The texture and taste of the pate was on point. It was a fine texture with a not too overpowering taste which most pates have. The only let down to this dish was the beard as it was toasted but almost seemed stale. 

At this point the restaurant was empty with a few late night walk-ins. We waited for the rest of the food .. and waited ... and waited, to the point where I had to flag down our server and asked wheres the rest of the food. The server informed us that he was waiting for us the finish the seafood tower before giving us anything else because of the space of our table. I thought it was bullshit and they were just hiding the fact that they forgot to punch in the rest of our order because I seen other tables with the tower on their table and other plates of food similar to what we ordered. Oh well I'll give them the benefit of the doubt at least he was nice about it.

The pearly chowder came we were provided with two bowls and two spools for the purpose of sharing it. The actual chowder was very good had lots of meat and pieces of potato as well. it wasn't too thick and it wasn't watered down as well. Scallops were amazing, thats all i have to say. Seared perfectly and all the garnishes went well with it.. 

To end the night we got the matcha creme burlee and the sticky toffee cake. Literally the best toffee cake I've ever had the sauce was warm and sweet and combined with the cake it just melted in your mouth, the creme brûlée was ok.

tl;dr , everything was good service was good clean and cozy environment, will for sure return in the near future. get the sticky toffee cake its lit fam.笑
If you like oysters this is the place for you!! Many varieties from East & West coasts & they can explain/describe them all. The warm goat cheese salad is a must & the dipping sauce for the crispy calamari is to die for!  Good selection of local/Ontario beers on tap. Nice mellow interior. Next time I'm trying the most mussels!笑
The oysters are phenomenal!! Waited nearly an hour for a reserved table tho :(笑
Me and my boyfriend came here for a fancier date night on our vacation, and our experience was awesome start to finish! Our waiter was lovely and very willingly explained everything to us answering any questions we had. We came here on Tuesday for the seafood circus tower special (29.99 cad instead of 68 cad) and really enjoyed it. The oysters were definitely my favorite part! The only thing I didn't love was that the oysters were freshly shucked, but the rest of the seafood tower was already assembled waiting to be ordered behind the bar which gave me the impression that it wasn't too fresh. However, it didn't taste that way so that was good. We got the fried calamari as an appetizer and it was a small portion but it tasted so great we didn't care. The waiter explained to us that it was marinated and then battered and lightly fried, which is what gave it a special taste different from other calamaris Ive had. I would skip the drinks unless they are on special, because we got two 1/3 full small glasses of wine which I could have done without. Also they had an AMAZING coconut creme brûlée for dessert, and I love creme brûlée but am skeptical of flavored ones so I was a bit shaky on ordering this, but was so glad I did. I could go on forever about how good it was. Thanks for a great dining experience Pearl Diver!笑
Friends who have been to this place on different occasions and raved about it. And each time I've missed out on the chance to get a taste of the much talked about oysters and mussels. So yesterday, I seized the opportunity to tag along with some of them and I'm glad I did :-D

So we split two Seafood Towers between the four of us. My friends did make me aware of the half hour wait time it took to set up a tower, but both of our towers were brought to us in a shorter time than that.
For someone who has not had a proper visual and taste of shellfish and crustaceans in over a decade, the towers were definitely a mouth-watering display. Of the two types of oysters that were temptingly waiting to be devoured, I liked the ones that were in the rounder shell because they felt meatier (yup, you read the word, I've been consuming more beef and chicken during the span of that decade, so If it's got the same texture as meat that must be a sure sign that it's good ;-) total landlubber me)  only given a slight tang by adding a bit of seafood sauce and the hot sauce.
The decent sized cocktail shrimps (cooked just right), sliced tuna and pickled mussels were equally tasty. And the crab legs were fun to tackle just so I could get at the tender meat. I felt like I was eating seafood for the time and completely enjoying it.

When it was time for dessert, I was so glad that I chose the Chocolate Cake. All these different little components that adorned it gave the cake a very delightful flare, and it tasted as decadent as it looked. 

And service was solid. The two members of the wait staff who handled our table always seemed to come at the appropriate moments, and were able to answer our inquiries as properly as they could. 

Overall, the experience at the Pearl Diver was enjoyable and the bounties of the sea were a delectable treat! I will definitely mention this place to anyone whom I hear saying that they're craving for some good, comforting oysters and mussels.笑
Excellent brunch. Not an extensive menu, but food was excellent. Had oysters, burger, shrimp po boy and Caesars. We loved it all. Caesars were on special @ brunch time. Highly recommend. Not super busy. Sounds like dinner is their prime time so be sure to make reservation as its not a big place.笑
If you're looking for a hip place to have some amazing seafood and drinks with friends, this is the place. I went on Thursday where you can eat 100 oysters for $100. Every oyster was shucked to perfection and the servers kept the hot sauce and vinegar toppings coming. I also ordered the mahi mahi dish with coconut rice (amazing!). It melted in my mouth and was just the perfect amount of fish to rice, along with the savoury seasoned veggies (which were all cooked perfectly and not limp).

I brought my 6 month old baby here and it was a by too loud for him but this is definitely not the type of restaurant that you should bring a baby to. 

The one thing I would suggest is for the servers to refill the water a bit more often. We put the water container on the outside part of the table, hoping a waiter would notice because they just kept whipping by (it was packed) but no one noticed until we eventually stopped someone. 

My parents had the calamari and loved it! I will definitely be coming back here again to try some more menu options (sans baby!)笑
Having been a StarFish regular for years, my take is a bit different on the conversion to Pearl Diver.

As an oyster fiend and aficionado - I'm never disappointed with this joint's selection. I held a business dinner there a couple of weeks ago and everyone was impressed. Good selection, knowledgeable server and very well shucked oysters. We had the seafood tower with a couple of extra oyster plates which provided some nice variety. Loved the shrimp as well.

The rest of the evening was a bit hit and miss. Our server sort of vanished after our entries came out and we had to flag him down via bussers. He had to be reminded to bring water, and even to bring more wine. Not sure how busy the rest of the restaurant was, but it didn't seem like we were his top priority.

Entrees were solid; but nothing to scream home about.

The weird thing for me was the run down feel of this place. I understand that Patrick tired to 'Pub-ify' this place on the heels of the Leslieville joint's success, but it seems a bit disingenuous. Almost like they knew they would have to reno starfish, and elected to run it down but still charge high prices for food under the guise of 'Pub Experience'.

Anyway... Might still be back for the oysters, just won't bring a business crowd here.笑
This comfy and casual seafood spot turned out to be such a winner! Located on Adelaide East and easily spotted by their blue mermaid sign, they have a large and inviting bar area and comfy wooden booths. 

Very versatile place - great for oysters & drinks or a proper sit down meal. I hear they do crazy oyster deals of 100 oysters for $100 on Thursdays which I gotta come back for! 

We started with 3 dozen oysters which we slurped down in no time. The Kumamoto and fanny bays were amazing - sweet, plump and fresh, these are definitely crowd pleasers and you can't go wrong with them.

Most of our table ordered the mussels and fries which came in a coconut cream, garlic, lemongrass & cilantro sauce. Really fresh and fragrant and the fries were deadly.. huge mountain of perfectly crispy and herb seasoned fries, we would not stop stuffing our faces. A big highlight for me was the grilled whole fish. If you don't have a phobia for munching on a whole fish, you've got to try this. The fish was expertly charred and the meat was super delicate, juicy and well seasoned. Simple and oh so delicious. 

And to top everything off, the no frills 10% off with yelp check in was really a bonus. I already scheduled my next visit!笑
Definitely a nice gem! I found out about this restaurant through BlogTO and with deals like $30 Seafood circus on Tuesdays and $100 for 100 oysters on Wednesdays, why not try this place!! 

The four of us came here on a Friday evening. Reservations were super easy through their online booking system. Our two other guests were seated right away in nice seats. The decor of the place is definitely rustic but a cozy restaurant to just hang out with your friends, drink and chill. We noted there was a daily deal past 10pm for $15 for a dozen oysters and $5 cocktails/drink specials. So we ordered small so we can save room for the oysters. 

Drinks: Caesar, West Avenue Cider draft and a season guest tap (Great Lakes Brewery Citraddiction). Our waiter had an extensive knowledge of the drinks menu and was able to easily recommend us drinks. Apparently the Caesar was heavy on the alcohol, which was actually quite odd since a lot of restaurant like to water down cocktails. We had the Great Lakes Brewery Citraddiction. Suffice it to say, we found our new beer! Light, not too hoppy and lots of citrus flavour. A nice smooth finish as well. We will definitely be hunting this one down at LCBO. 

Apps: Summer Chowder ($14), Crispy Calamari ($9). The summer chowder was disappointing for me. The tomato soup was fine, the other elements such as the clams, potatoes, bacon was alright but their 'daily catch' fish was dry. The flavours were one-note and underseasoned. Also, expected a bit of a thicker soup since chowder is known for its creaminess and thickness. The calamari was good but a few things to note. We all noted how 'skinny' the calamari was. Being an Asian crowd who has had their share of calamari, it was a small portion and each calamari piece was pretty skinny. We all liked the sesame seed and panko crust. Not overly battered and very crispy. The calamari was cooked well, not too rubbery. I really liked the sauce that came with it. It was like those typical Asian sweet and sour sauces but with a nice kick! I could taste the chilis in each bite, which elevated this standard sauce. 

Mains: Mussels and frites ($18, 2 orders). The mussels came out alright, nothing too special. The broth was touted to be coconut cream, ginger, lemongrass and cilantro. The broth paired well with the mussels however, I felt the broth should've been a lot thicker and creamier. To even get some of the broth, you'd have to scoop up the broth in the mussel shell, which is a bit awkward. Otherwise, the flavours of the broth were spot on. The freshness of the lemongrass and cilantro, sharpness of the ginger and creaminess of the coconut broth makes a nice broth. 

Finally we ordered the oyster special ($15 for dozen). We were presented with the Malpeque PEI oysters. A bit smaller than the Fanny Bay oysters they were going to give us originally, but a bit sweeter. I thought the oysters were shucked beautifully, and the oysters were so fresh and tasted of the ocean! I personally love oysters and love Diana's Seafood but this place is a close 2nd! I'd definitley come by for the $100 for 100 oysters deal! Another caveat, the oysters took 30 min to arrive from order. Perhaps they were backed up by all the other orders, but it did take a while. Luckily we had good conversation to pass the time. 

Service was awesome. Our waiter and server were friendly and knowledgeable. They didn't hesitate when we asked for more plates for sharing. A nice gem in the city for sure!笑
We got there and 10:15 and they said the kitchen was closed, though their website said dinner was until 11 and yelp said open until midnight.  They didn't seem to care that we had walked fairly far to get there only to discover there was no food.笑
Came to try the seafood circus last night after seeing the special posted online, it didn't disappoint. The only disappointing thing was that they wouldn't let us order a second one. We were a group of three and told that two people could order one and four people could order two. So keep that in mind if you and your friends like seafood! Our tower had a dozen malpeque oysters at the bottom, 3 crab legs, seared ahi tuna, shrimp cocktail, and pickled mussels. 

We also had the large chowder, pearl diver burger, and grilled whole sea bream. The chowder was watery, forgettable, and had no seafood taste. It was meant to be a a chowder with double smoked bacon, yukon potatoes, clams, and daily catch but the bacon was overwhelmingly the flavour of the chowder and it didn't have the thick consistency I usually associate with seafood chowders. 
The burger was delicious, large beef patty cooked well with good fresh toppings. The side salad was nice and light. 
The grilled whole sea bream was the surprise highlight of the meal. Grilled to perfection and only lightly seasoned, it was meaty and delicious. 

Service was fairly good and consistent once the meal started, though it did take them a while to bring us water initially. Would definitely come back to try the 100 oysters for $100 on Thursday!笑
Loved the seafood tower last night! We pretty much ordered everything. The cured fish plate, scallops, sea bream had a creamy taste (my fave), seared scallops, mussels and frites, sardines. Sticky toffee pudding was heavenly and so was the black rice pudding. Service was excellent. Cute, charming server had a great smile. The wine recommended to us was refreshing and the shots were a nice touch. I had a great time and will be back for the oysters and... that smile.笑
Great spot- atmosphere, food, and decor are all top notch. Highly recommended.笑
We're just staying at an AirBnB in the area and we've already been im twice for the after 10pm oyster special (one dozen for $15). They're so fresh, beer selection is solid, and the fish and chips was great too! Wish I actually lived in the area- Id probably be here every night for those oysters...笑
Found this place through Yelp. Cool place. Right across from St.Jame church. We had a window view of the steeple. 

We had a dozen oysters as well as the calamari. 
For dinner the wife had fish and chips and I had the prom chop. All was great. Portions and price were good value. Place was full and good conversations going on. 

Thursday's they have 100 fresh oysters for $100. Now that's the day to go!笑
bad service, overpriced for mediocre  food. Staff who don't care. The restaurant was not busy at all yet service was crawling.. Had to walk up after waiting an hour to be asked for our bill. My friend asked to purchase a birthday shot, didn't receive it, and said it was my birthday, said they would bring out a candle for the cake... nothing. Also cinnamon stick chunks inside the cake.. just the worst STAY AWAY FROM HERE.笑
Tried their Oyster once when they have this $15/ dozen of oyster deal. The platting of the oyster was very classy and I love how they have different sauce to try with the oysters! Very good services and the place is spacious. Definitely go again! Good for couples for a date!笑
This is my favourite neighbourhood restaurant!  It was my second visit in the past few weeks and this time I brought my family for dinner.  The staff really makes you feel welcomed and part of the Pearl Diver family.  The food was exceptional as always, and I could not have asked for better service.  Already looking forward to my next visit!笑
I've walked by this place a few times since I work close by and I've heard good things about this place. 

I went for the first time for a birthday party on Thursday night and with a party of about 15 people, they seated us in the back room. The special of the day was 100 oysters for $100 and everyone seemed to enjoy it. 

I don't eat oysters so I had the fish and chips. I've had better, and especially since it was for $18, not worth it. 

The service was great and our server seemed to know what he was talking about. So that was definitely a plus. 

It's a 3 star for me, it was only OK making it barely memorable.笑
My girlfriends and I were looking for a brunch spot this Sunday and stumbled upon the Pearl Diver. As luck would have it, they recently started serving brunch! I took a chance and ordered the Oyster Benny. The oyster was a Panko crusted BC Oyster. I've never had oysters and eggs together and the combination was fantastic! I really, really enjoyed it. My friends had the stuffed french toast which I had a bite of. It was also very delicious. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking to have brunch in and around the downtown core!笑
Restaurant had excellent seafood and good service. They easily accommodated us even if we kept adding people last minute. We especially liked their calamari and oysters.  I ordered the rainbow trout with soba & broth and it was pretty good. Serving was a good size. The only downside was that the fish with soup didn't quite mix right.笑
I was craving oysters for a while so I did my research on yelp and pearl diver has a great happy hour for oysters! I noticed not a lot of places have happy hour on a daily basis so it was hard finding one but i'm so glad I found pearl diver. I came with a group of 6 and we ordered quite a lot. First off, we ordered 3 dozen oysters. These were great oysters I really recommend them! Especially at the happy hour prices! We then ordered a lot of things off the menu. There were a few changed in the menu so instead of a summer chowder we had a clam chowder. This was great tasted like a normal clam chowder. The mussels focaccia was the best part! It was so good and amazing to dip the bread in the mussel juice. I also got to try other things from my friends. The po boy was really good. I usually don't order sandwich like things but this po boy tasted amazing I would order it. The only downside that I had was the mash potatoes I ordered tasted very bland. I wouldn't order that again. There was just a lack of flavor.笑
They have the perfect mussels served, as well as the oysters. Fish n chips is a surprise, a gourmet with vinegar!笑
Great seafood! Cool ambiance. Good service. Go. Eat!笑
What can i say, great atmosphere, great service and excellent oysters. I recommend going on a Thursday to take advantage of their zinc and drink specials.

PS - Try the burger! You will not be disappointed...笑
Far exceeded expectations! First off, Gregory the bartender was our waiter and is THE MAN. Kicked off our family meal with a thanksgiving toast, one of two amazing shot concoction he mixed up for us that night.  We were a group of 4 adults and one baby, they gave us the back dining room equipped with our own vinyl player to spin our own music,which was perfect with the little one. Oysters....awesome. Mussels....awesome. Ribs fall off the bone. Tandoori salmon delicious. While the cheesecake and chocolate/peanut butter pudding were devoured, the toffee sticky pudding stole the show!! This place was worth every penny spent and is a must go back when we revisit Toronto笑
Stopped in for a Monday night dinner. Inviting atmosphere and nice escape from the cold. Friendly, attentive  service, delicious oysters and incredible burger.笑
Eating at the Pearl Diver was my favorite (food) part of visiting Toronto. My date and I split three items: the oysters, the scallops, and the mussels. 

Honestly, every item was absolute perfection. The oysters were served on a perfect pork belly spinach and apple sauce base. The oysters were served with horse radish, chili oil, lemon, and cocktail sauce. The mussels were in a very light and refreshing coconut sauce. We switched the fries with the grilled foccacia and it couldn't have been a better choice. The bread was phenomenal too. The mussels were not fishy at all and just perfect.

Overall, I can't wait to go back. Hooray for the perfect restaurant!笑
Great experience at Peal Diver!  We always walk by this place and its almost always packed.  I had the mussels and fries. The mussels were cooked in a fab coconut broth which I could probably just drink on its own. lol. The fries - just the right balance of crispy and soft and paired amazingly with the mussels. My friends,  who are seafood fanatics,  were very impressed so that definitely counts for something!  Great seafood gem.笑
The bartender made me an oyster shot, thanks for that!  I also ordered the oysters and they were delicious. Went on a Thursday evening and it was really busy but we were able to get a booth.    It can get really loud with all the conversations and with the music blasting.  Great music, great service and great company!笑
Seafood was pretty good in general but I got food poisoning from the oysters as I became runny a day after taking them.笑
I've been a fan of Patrick McMurray's restaurants since I first visited Starfish when it opened back in 2001, I can't recall with certainty but that may have been my first foray into the world of oysters.  I've enjoyed many trips there and to Ceili's over the years, so I was excited to try the reinvented Starfish, now known as Pearl Diver.

Shucker Paddy tells us he was going for a local hangout vibe and I think he really hit the mark. The staff was super friendly, the vibe cozy and the food and drink selection perfect for either a quick bite or a full meal.

Great selection of local beer (Barley Days, including Patrick's own Oyster Stout) and Tawse wine on TAP. Food-wise I tried oysters from NB, perfectly shucked by Patrick himself and offered with mignonette, cocktail sauce and lemon; crispy calamari, fish and chips, grilled cheese and mussels. All delicious, fresh-tasting and perfectly seasoned. Oh, and I nearly forgot about the famous sticky toffee pudding - best in the city in my opinion.

Will definitely return!笑
Had a fantastic experience here for my birthday :)

Came here mainly for the oysters and I wasn't disappointed. For the special, it's Fanny bay and PEI Malpeque. Pretty big oysters and try their house spicy sauce! 

For my main course, I got the mussels and frites. Usually don't expect much from mussels but this dish was very delicious and the frites are AMAZING! The mussels were very...tender? Not sure if that's how I should describe it lol. Let's just say it wasn't overcooked and rubbery :) The coconut broth was light but still tasty, was very tempted to drink it lol

It was also a generous gesture of the restaurant to offer us complimentary birthday shots and they were yummy too. 

Special mention to my friend who noticed that if you check in on yelp, you get 10% off your lunch or dinner bill =D笑
I could write a 1000 word review with tons of explanation points at the end of every sentence to express my satisfaction with this place but instead I'm just going to say that if you go here you will NOT be disappointed with anything you order. Soooooooo goooooooooood.笑
Tuesday Cooper's Seafood Circus was a good deal. A dozen oysters (PEI), shrimp cocktail, seared ahi tuna, Alaskan crab legs and a couple mussels. 

Definitely going to need to order more. On top of that we had the Chicken Liver and Oyster Pate - a surprisingly sweet taste served with multigrain bread - Seared Diver Scallops - great combination with kale and bacon - and Grilled Sardines - which I did love the most. I'm a big fan of the fishy taste and the sardines did it for me. 

Ended off with the Sticky toffee pudding and don't regret that. Would come back here on Thursday for their 100 for $100 deal.笑
Delicious. We had oysters which were really well priced and I had the pickerel which was cooked perfectly on a bed of veggies with salad greens around it.笑
We were very disappointed when Starfish closed (although it was dropping the ball at times) and so were elated to find Pearl Diver now there in its place.  Apparently some of the same owners and some new blood. The decor is a little more contemporarily bistro with old converted church pews as tables and seating.  But generally the restaurant lighting is too low to appreciate much difference (and the church pews are hard).  We got a reservation at the last minute and our server, though new, was chipper and got an A for reeling off the oyster origins.  We forgave her for not knowing how the salmon confit was made, and she came back from the kitchen a few moments later with her new info from the chef.  It took her longer to bring bread ($2 extra for 6 small pieces of grilled toast and a pot of butter) and it surprised us that the place couldn't give us bread for free with a $100 plus meal.  Woulda been nice not to have to ask.  No S&P on the table either. The chowda was heaven to this former Bostonian, lighter than the Legal Seafood version--probably more milk than cream-- but really delicious and served HOT.  Again, bread or oyster crackers might have been a nice addition.

But the oysters were what we came for, and they were perfectly shucked (same shucker as Starfish?), icy cold, briny, with nary a shell fragment in 2 dozen of 'em.  (After a recent trip to New Orleans we realized this wasn't a given.  The oysters were dirt cheap and delicious, but often "crunchy" as shuckers popped them open at the speed of light!)  Nice selection here of Canadian, US, and Irish oysters.  The ones from British Columbia were best, but tasting oysters is so subtle and personal that you should try as many as you can and form your own conclusions.

My conclusions about Pearl Diver are that the oysters are first class although I have no idea what they rest of their menu is like, listing as it now does steaks, chops, and burgers in addition to other fish dishes.  The wine list is smallish but the muscadet sevre et maine, not a wine I often see on menus, was a perfect pairing with our oysters. And they have sticky toffee pudding for dessert!  4 and 9/10 stars.笑
This place was a 3.5 out of 5 for me. 

The quality of the food was great, but nothing really wowed me from their dishes. The atmosphere was also really nice and intimate ( I was there in a group of five, and we had a big booth that fit us all comfortably). I thought the service could be improved a bit more. 

Ok, let's do food first! We ordered the wild Argentine shrimp and calamari to start, and they were both good. Out of the two, I really liked the shrimp and the salad it was served on, it was light and really tasty. 

For the main, I ordered the tandoori salmon, which was a bit risky I suppose, but I wanted to see if they could pull the dish off, since I'd never tried a tandoori salmon. It was served on a quinoa salad with raita sauce on the side. The portion was huge to begin with, it came with two pieces of salmon, which is kind o rare, and it tasted really good. The combination worked well, but it didn't blow my mind. 

The rest of the group ordered the grilled whole fish and fish and chips, and again the portions were huge! I tried the other dishes, and they were all good. The one thing no one wanted to try was oysters! I wish I had someone who would have joined me, but I wouldn't even know how to tell apart "good" oysters from not so good ones...

In terms of the service, we had more than one waiter/waitress come throughout the night, whereas my preference is to have one person take care of the table (that's just my own preference though). I would have liked it is they were a bit more attentive and checked on us a bit more frequently. Also, even though they close at 12 am, there were some members of staff that brought out a crate of dishes to dry on a table at the back, and it kind of just kills the mood when you hear all the clinking and cleaning and stuff. 

Overall, I would recommend this place if you like seafood, but they would be a lot better if they could work on their service.笑
One of the few places that lived up to the hype here in Toronto. 

We were accommodated despite all the tables reserved. On a Saturday. At 7pm. Not bad! 

Our server was Kevin - a really nice guy who did everything to make our experience enjoyable. Who even brought me 3 samples of various beer - one which he decided to mix. A failed experiment, but I definitely appreciated the enthusiastic attempt. I ordered mussels and frites, my girlfriend ordered caesar salad and fish and chips.

The mussels were very fresh, large, with a great broth. The fries were excellent and plentiful. My girlfriend's caesar salad was quite fantastic. Not your basic caesar - lots of flavour with sardines mixed in. It's tough to elevate a caesar salad and normally not worth commenting on...So huge points here. The fish and chips were as good as the ones she's had in Dublin and the UK. And once again, tons and tons of fries!

Overall just a great experience. I guess my only regret is not ordering some oysters? Well, next time I guess.笑
Les huitres succulentes, les calamars délicieux et les hamburgers copieux.
Super bon et personnel très sympathique.
Un restaurant qui ne se voit pas forcément facilement mais qui vaut le détour !笑
Great. But, its actually 94 oysters for 100. Just saying lol.笑
Whole family consumed dishes
All quite delicious
Yummy cured fishes
The toffee pudding does rate
Most folks will appreciate
Very glad we ate
There.笑
Pearl Diver was great, came here for the 100 oysters special on Thursday, super fresh food and great vibe to the place. I'd still chose Rodney's as the better oyster/seafood place but this  resto is fun and their menu is eclectic. Great place to go for dinner with a few friends.笑
Definitely one of the best burgers I've ever eaten.  We also had the oysters special and they were excellent.  Great restaurant and excellent service.  I'm so happy we ended up here.笑
Dinner Menu: http://pearldiver.to/pearldiver/dinner-2/

What we had: Malpeque oysters, summer chowder, chicken liver and oyster pate, fish & chips,  toffee pudding/cake

Taste: 9.5/10

The oysters were very fresh and savoury, served on a bed of ice with lemons, vinegar, and seafood sauce. They were small and they don't fill you up, so we slurped them up fairly quickly. Nevertheless, they were delicious and they were the highlight of our dinner. The chowder was decent, not too creamy, lots of chunks of vegetables and some clams. Chicken liver and oyster pate was sweet and savoury, and the consistency was very light. It was served with bread and pickles. We weren't too fond of the pickles.  The fish fillet batter was very crispy and light, although it would have used some seasoning (salt).  The fries were well seasoned, crispy and went great with the mayo.  The toffee pudding was really yummy, it's a cake soaked in toffee sauce topped with fresh berries. It was a great ending to our meal.

Value: 4/10

15$ per dozen oysters, 14$ for large chowder, 9$ for pate and toast, 18$ for fish and chips, 8$ for toffee pudding.  We were extremely full after the meal.  Probably could have skipped the fish and chips or the pate and toast.

**Average cost per diner: 45$ After Tax+Tip

If you check in on Yelp, you get a 10% discount off everything except for the oyster deal (our deal was $15 for a dozen).

Service/Convenience: 10/10

The place is very visible and easy to find if you recognize their mermaid diving for a pearl logo. The service was quick, friendly, and professional. The waitress was very knowledgeable and accommodating.  During dinner time, the place was fairly packed, reservations are recommended, especially for larger groups.

Would go back? Yeah, especially to try their $100 for 100 oysters deal.

Would recommend to friend? Yes, for a solid seafood meal.

Similar places: None that we know of yet.

**Disclaimer: Average cost per diner constitutes the amount (per person) we eat to get full without drinks. Total cost is usually divided between 2 diners, one of whom can regularly eat 7 slices of XL pizza (16") in one sitting.笑
Delicious! We picked this spot once I saw oysters. 

The location was an easy walk from our hotel. Once inside our party of 3 was seated at a cool table with high top seats adjacent to the bar. It was a great spot to observe Liam, bartender and our server, work magic with cocktails and pour Canadian craft beers from 10 taps. Liam convinced me to try the house Caeser, PD's take on a Bloody Mary. It was worth it. 

Of course to start, we ordered the shucker's best dozen, 4 each of the 3 choice oysters.  The 3 varieties, 2 west coast, 1 Irish, each had a unique profile adding to the adventure. For dinner my husband and I shared the mussels & frites and beef short rib dishes along with  the roasted mushroom small plate. Those mushrooms on their bed of greens were rich and flavorful. The short ribs weren't quite as tender and I'd hoped but still flavorful. The mussels were plump and the frites were spot on. Our friend did a mix of small plates including the scallops which were perfectly seared. 

We opted for a beautifully balanced Hendrix martini and two Laphroig Cask poured neat for our dessert which Liam appreciated. 

I'd be happy to recommend this quaint spot with cool jazz in the background to any friends visiting the area.笑
Very good spot. Not everything we ate was a total grand slam but the food was good and worth visiting. A few highlights:
the Caesar. It's good. There's a tandoori marinade or something on the rim. The flavors are raw, it's well spiced and it's not overwhelming in any way. But it's pricey. Like $15 for a cocktail. But you get a raw oyster on it. 
The shrimp. Totally amazing. The grill they use must be made for shrimps alone. I wanted to eat the tails. Gross. But so good. 
The sticky toffee pudding was also pretty amazing. Maybe a little firmer on the actual cake part but all good. 

Overall really comfortable venue. Not over the top fancy, but not like you're going to be snacking on oysters with a bunch of dudes in sweaty baseball jerseys. Cool spot and worth checking out.笑
@PearlDiverTO #YELPTO #SEAFOODCIRCUS #OYSTERS #CRAB

I've been to Pearl Diver a couple of times now and it's one of my favourite places in Toronto for Oysters. It is nice and cozy; you can sit along the bar where the seafood plates are prepared right infront of you. Overall, a great place for a date. However, not everyone loves seafood. So I am glad I did this with my seafood loving girlfriend and my newest converted seafood lover! 

We ordered shareables! I think it's the most fun way to eat: 

1. The Seafood Circus Tower - you have two types of oysters and crab in the below tier; mussels, ahi tuna, shrimps and clam on the upper tier. Everything was fantastic minus the crab. I've had better crab. And these were a pain to crack open and eat. The oysters were fantastic! This is just $28.88 on Tuesdays... what a deal compared to the usual $65. We ended up paying the $65 for this btw. 

2. Grilled Focaccia Bread - we got two orders of these. For $2, why not! 

3. Cured Fish Plate - some salmon, some octopus, some ahi tuna again ... this was great. $16

4. Sticky Toffee Pudding - mind you, they don't have a dessert menu. All desserts are $8. We got a sticky toffee pudding to share. We didn't share much as I hogged most of it. It was fantastic!

5. Port - some port to end the night. $6 a glass. On a cold night, nothing like ending a great dinner with some port. 

Shoutout to our server. She was fantastic - friendly, always came around to take our multiple orders and made sure we were catered to swiftly.笑
Came to Pearl Diver after the gym.  I was in the mood for seafood and saw the restaurant had a fair number of good reviews.  Pearl Diver was cozy, but not cramped.  It had decent ambiance; I'd use modern bistro to describe the decorating style.  I saddled up to a table by the window which allowed a view of both the restaurant and the goings-on of outside.

The menu at Pearl Diver is somewhat limited although everything looked really good.  I had the pickerel, which came with a warm bacon-potato salad.  The fish was prepared perfectly:  It was still moist but hot when it came out.  Other meals appeared equally as appetizing and well-presented. They also had a decent beer selection.  The only place where I'd knock Pearl Diver down a point was the prices.  They seemed to be more expensive than their peers in the neighborhood.  Otherwise, I'd recommend Pearl Diver as a comfortable restaurant with quality food, especially seafood.笑
Pearl Diver occupies a nice location on Adelaide just off Jarvis. It has a good décor and comfortable feeling about it. I stopped by here twice. First on a Sunday at 2:30 but though the sign says it's open at 11:00 that apparently didn't pertain to the kitchen unless it had been open earlier because at 2:30 it was closed. However, since the place looked pretty good compared to some of the other nearby restaurants, stopped back again on Monday. One of their specials of the day was grilled sardine done Portuguese style. As I'm a big fan of that particular dish, ordering them all the time when in Portugal, I went for it along with a dozen oysters raw. 

The sardines came in a nice presentation, grilled with plenty of lemon and proved to in fact have been done Portuguese style, pretty much the equal of any I've had in Portugal. The oysters were rather small, certainly no plump but fresh with a good clean taste about them. Overall, at $15 Canadian, not a bad deal. 

As for service, it was pretty good and I enjoyed the general ambiance of the place; a place to which I would forward to returning.笑
They say they open up on Sundays at 11 o'clock. We were there at 2:30 and their kitchen was still closed just drinks and oysters that's it best of going to another restaurant.  We did go back on Monday for lunch it was very good we had oysters for $15 sardines and try their real fresh Angus burgers笑
Great ambiance- good jazz playing in the background, one guy shucking oysters at the bar whom I got whiskey recommendations from. Canadian whiskey has some good stuff going for it especially in the Ontario region. The oysters were excellent. Service was good. Tiny spot. Make a reservation as it filled up about 20 minutes after we got in.笑
The best part of the meal was the bite of bacon from the burger my partner asked. That burger was delicious, really advisable ($18).

We ordered the Canadian oysters, I liked the fact that they didn't have lot of stomach. A good touch in the oyster menu is that they give a brief description of the flavors, a down was that they didn't have all the oysters available.

The snow crab legs were fresh, meaty, with excellent quality. I'm just not sure if they are worth the $20.

The calamari was crispy, with a delicious touch of sesame in the blend, a bit salty for my taste. The sauce that came with them was Asian style (sweet&sour with a touch of spiciness).

The fish I asked for was a trout that tasted like salmon. I wasn't sure if it was a soup or a main dish. The soba noodles were getting apart, the fish was overcooked, lacking seasoning. I ended up asking for a spoon to truly enjoy the broth/sauce. It was meh.

The service was pretty good, the girl was constantly checking on us, taking the empties, and cleaning the bar.笑
I have attended a Yelp event here and had a blast.  Super cool and nice owner.

On this night I was there was for my sister's birthday.  We were able to be in the private room at the back.

Cool design with a rustic wall with mason jars, records, arts and books.  There was also a functioning record player.  The room has a door to closed out the outside noise or to be honest our noise hahaha.

Had the burger with the works and it was so AMAZING!  The party was made fresh and cooked to perfection.  When you bit into it the red juice bursts out.  So so good.  I paired it with the salad which was also very good.  The salad was a sour base and I loved it.  Forgot to ask what the dressing was.

After 10pm we had oysters, a dozen for $15.  They are not that big but still very good.  I also got some a la carte.  Fanny Bay - not a fan off was a little too salty for my liking.  Colville, just the right size and nice consistency.  Was very good and fresh.  

The server was very good, Roop remember all of our orders (20 people.)
The manager was also generous to give us a round of shots.

Overall was a great followup to my Yelp experience.  

Love it!笑
flew into porter and got dropped off in front of the royal york, it was a hot day and we wanted a light lunch and found pearl diver. We had two dozen oysters, all the same variety since we did the special (1 dozen oysters m-f for 18$) which came with freshly grated horseradish and ample amount of fresh juicy lemons. They also had cocktail and mignonette sauce. We also share the chicken liver oyster which was good. They had drink specials too (I believe it was 5$ beers and 7$ wines) but we did not eat it. Not sure what this place is like in the evenings but at lunch it was pretty empty and def lacking ambiance but we wanted a quick light lunch and it was perfect!笑
my friends from our condo building and i walked over to this neighbourhood seafood restaurant across from St James Park. Great service and great food. The oyster special was fresh sweet and succulent! The mussels' coconut broth was heaven. The pickerel was crispy and the goal cheese salad was delicious. The shrimp pol boy was not too big but came with a generous side salad. For dessert, we split the black rice pudding and the toffee cake. Just the perfect finish. We spent two hours enjoying the food as well as the company!笑
I  was disappointed! 

I've read such great reviews about the place and I was really excited to try it out but I wish I didn't even bother. 

I called in the day before concerning my reservation if I could get nice seat because we were celebrating a special occasion and they told me they could only give me what was available then I said I'd like to come by the next day instead cause I really wanted it to be perfect and they promised me that I'd get a good table only for me to get there and I got a very little day in between to other tables. We then switched to better tables ourselves since there were tons of empty tables. 

I came in by 9pm when my reservation was. Our waiter took forever to come and even after that, he didn't explain the menu properly. I wanted oysters but then he told me that there was a happy hour thing going on at 10pm and I could get it cheaper. I ordered both the oysters and whole sea beam (Fish) while my partner ordered lobster. 

I partner had to wait more than 30 mins to get his meal and even when he did he didn't like the sauce that came with it so he asked if he could have melted butter. Our waiter never came back with the melted butter.

My food came by an hour thirty minutes later! Yes you read that right, an hour thirty minutes. Upset and disappointed is an understatement of how I felt. 

Although, the food was nice but the bad service just killed my mood. I didn't enjoy it at all. I almost regretted my visit. 

And there were flys (the insect) everywhere.笑
Overall good restaurant, best part is the service.

Atmosphere is good,  large bar on one side of the wall. And tables throughout. We booked ahead of time, so we got a large table in the back room. We had a party of 13, for a birthday. 

Servers were great, very familiar with the menu and made good suggestions.  Always checked in to see how everything was and when we did have problems they handled them well. 

Thurs night have $100 for 100 oysters. Half from fanny Bay and the other half from Mal peak.  They give you cocktail sauce and vinegar. You can also ask for their homemade hot sauce,which is really really good but quite hot! Remember to get a beer to go with it! 
$8 each pint. The Beau lager was good, light and not too bitter. 

Pork ribs were really salty so not recommended. $17

Lobster, for $43 comes with your choice of mash,  fries or salad. We went for the fries and the fries were amazing. 
The Lobster itself was average, it said it's 1.5 lbs but it didn't look like it when we got it.  It s just a steamed lobster with a side of melted butter. Not worth the price in my opinion. 

Calamari was good, crispy and flavourful. Comes with sweet chili sauce for dipping. $9

Other friends tried the mussels and frites which came in a large portion and with a side of fries for $18, good value.  

Because it was our friends birthday, the manager and team was nice enough to give us a round of black currant shots.  Score!笑
Had dinner with some friends here on a weeknight.  The appetizers were delicious.  I ordered the burger which I thought was a bit on the bland side.  The restaurant is quite small but atmosphere was great.  Our server had a mix up on our bill and over charged us a few items we never ordered.  She was quick to fix it but came back and the bill was still wrong.  Great place to eat but maybe just double check your bill.笑
We went here for Valentine's Day, very good food but some fruit fly problems, hopefully they've dealt with that by now. Good restaurant otherwise.笑
I'm so glad I found this place on Yelp. Thanks to the reviewers and pictures, we decided to give this place a try.
First off, we ordered a beer and the PD Caesar. 
The caesar was delicious and a great touch was the raw clam. This might be a little too detailed but I also like it when my drinks are made with crushed ice. A bit pricey for a caesar but overall really good. 
Now comes the food. We ordered the chicken and oyster pate, the burger with the works and fries and of course the seafood tower.
The chicken & oyster pate was delicious and creamy. I love this stuff. The pate was topped off with something sweet and hard, like a creme brûlée. You have to tap and break the top to get to the pate. It also came with pickled vegetables which paired with the pate well. 
Alright, let's talk about the burger. This is a serious burger. The bacon was serious. The beef patty was serious. The shoestring fries were serious. No complaints about the burger. It was a damn good burger. 
Can you see why I gave this place 5 stars?
I saved the best for last. The seafood tower. Where should I start? The jumbo shrimps, mussels, crab legs, tuna or oysters? Everything was so fresh. Even the oyster condiments were fresh. Their horseradish was not like other restaurants I've been to. It's actually got some serious kick. 
Finally, service and ambience was great. The whole feel of the place was laid back. Great place to go with friends, family and significant other. 
No need to say but I'm definitely coming back. 
Probably next week. Lol笑
We found this place on Yelp which had great reviews and we were in walking distance. It's a small place and a good atmosphere. The food was ok. The Poorboy shrimp sandwich is not your typical poorboy but it was very tasty and had a fried egg on top and that's always a winner for me and there fries were really good. The fried oysters were not impressive at all. My wife ordered the Veggie Benedict which was very good. The poached egg was cooked to perfection and the veggies were fresh and tasty.  Now let's get to the worst. The service was sub par.  Nice staff but long  waits. It's the simple things that they could not get. We had to remind them what about setups salt pepper water etc.笑
Great Environment. Servers are nice.  
We ordered a seafood tower and a fish & chips. 

The fries was amazing. Homemade tartar sauce was delicious. (It tastes like homemade to me.) The fish was decent.   

The seafood tower was available on that day. so we were lucky.  the tower consists of oysters, mussels, sake-soaked clams, rolled smoked salmon, shrimps, and snow crab legs.  Oysters were fresh but mussels were not. They were sandy too.  I would prefer to have little more clams and less mussels.   

Overall, the experience was good, maybe little understaffed because it took a little while to get attentions.笑
We came in around 9:15 PM to feed our seafood craving. We order the Atlantic Lobster, Cooper's Seafood Circus, roasted woodland mushrooms, and two dozen oysters. Everything was great, we opted to have our lobster with ponzu sauce instead of butter, which really brought up the flavour but felt a lot lighter then butter. 
The seafood circus has: oysters, two alaskan crab legs, a few mussels, 3 shrimp cocktails, and seared cajun tuna. It was a great way to get a taste of everything. The mussels were cooked and pickeled, it was an interesting flavour. The crab legs were really tasty, we really enjoyed it. 
The Roasted woodland mushrooms were served with kale, the combination was great! We really loved this dish. The mushrooms were roasted soo perfectly and the kale was tossed in a light balsalmic dressing, the combination is perfect!  I think next time, I'd order an entire one for myself. 
They usually have a wide variety of oysters, but I think because we arrived a lot later in the day, a lot of them were sold out (crossed off the list). We still had 6 different types of oysters to choose from though! Oysters were fresh, and delicious. Their oyster menu includes a brief description of how each different oyster tastes, which is helpful for people aren't familiar with the names. 
After 10 PM they have a special for a dozen oysters for $18 (malpeques). We opted for two dozen, they're medium sized oysters and served with fresh horseradish, lemon and seafood sauce. 

The service was good. The waitress checked on us often and was very helpful and friendly. The place is smaller then other oyster bars around the city, but it has a warmer, friendlier atmosphere which the other ones don't have. You can also park on the street in front of the restaurant after 9pm for free, which is a great bonus if you're dropping in for a late dinner. It's metered parking before 9pm. 

We will definitely be coming back! Keep up the great work guys!笑
We went to Pearl Diver for brunch after seeing that there was a long, long line outside in the cold at Le Petit Dejeuner. I had a lobster benny and my wife had a oyster one and both were delicious. She wondered "why isn't anyone else in here eating this amazing brunch???" as the place was completely empty. It seems way more packed  later in the day when I walk by, so we'll have to come back another time to get oysters for dinner.笑
I love this place.  The Thursday oyster deal is amazing but we could only get through half of it before we had enough. I'll probably stick to other dishes like the seafood tower in the future because 100 oysters is just something I cannot apparently do. The staff are friendly, courteous, helpful, and the food is fresh - I believe the oysters are flown in daily. It's not the cheapest place around but you're definitely paying for quality, and the cool factor of this place is high. Some of the cocktails can run pretty expensive but they're pretty great as well, and feature some originals. Service is generally good but this lace can get packed - on a really busy night you may get impatient enough to have to hunt your server down. I don't hang out in this area often but I always try to check it out when I'm around笑
Absolute 5-star experience tonight, no doubt. The burger with aged cheddar came recommended as one of the best burgers in town, and it was absolutely on point. Caramelized onions, pickles, juicy patty, and some fresh veggies makes for a messy delight. Absolutely A+ on the burger. I ordered it with a mixed salad on the side (which is extra). The salad was the perfect complement--light, tangy, and just enough veggies to fill me up.

Friend's tandoori fish was also supposedly very good, but I'm not a white fish fan so I didn't try it. We shared a coconut pane cotta for dessert which was absolutely perfect.笑
Great food with the most amazing server Stella, who enhanced our dinning experience!!! Our full table of food consisted of 3 pounds of mussels cooked 3 different ways,  rib eye steak, full sea bream, mushroom soup, grilled sardines, the cured fish platter and plenty of fries!!! Would definitely recommend this place for dinner and plan to be back soon for 100 oysters for $100 on Thursday!笑
After 10 hours of international travel a seafood restaurant really hit the spot. Ambience was low-key on a Monday night, I got a corner booth to myself, and an excellent server named Spencer. This place has some great late evening deals, but I was just in time to order off the full dinner menu before the kitchen closed at 10. The pound and a half lobster with root vegetables followed by an amazing chocolate hazelnut gelato dessert was perfect. Since the restaurant only had paper napkins and I demolished my lobster by hand, Spencer brought me a dish of hot water with lemon in lieu of wet naps. First class service! I will most likely be back whenever I'm in Toronto.笑
Wonderful service, easy location and great food! Enjoyed 4 different kinds of oysters, lobster and fish and chips. Topped the meal with sticky toffee pudding (an absolute must) and dark chocolate hazelnut! Yummmm笑
Great service and friendly staff. When my partner and I wanted something off the limited brunch/lunch menu they made it happen.

Shrimp cocktail was meaty and tasty. Sauce was a bit ketchupy.

We also had a dozen oysters. Half of them, the west coast selection was great. The east coast ones didn't loop appetizing and weren't that enjoyable.

These guys make an amazing Caesar (drink) and had some good selections for drinks overall.

I will definitely come back again.笑
Oysters and main coarse were great. Attentive service  and relaxing atmosphere. Wine a bit pricey by the glass but an overall great dinning experience. Will visit again!笑
LOVED this place!  It combines a neighborhood feel with wonderful fresh seafood that anyone would travel for.  The bartender discussed varieties of oysters in the way that one might discuss wines or cocktails; I learned so much.笑
Great oysters. I used to go there all the time when it was starfish. The change of ownership definitely changed up the atmosphere. Feels a little less personal and a little more corporate. The  food is still solid.笑
For a place that specializes in oysters, they make a damn good burger. Make sure you add the cheddar.

Oh yeah, the oysters were good as well! Good food.

Adding a squeeze of lemon in the woodland mushrooms makes the dish. Ask for a slice.

The wine was ok. Hence the 4 stars.笑
I just had an absolutely amazing birthday dinner at Pearl Diver!
We had the Tuesday special seafood tower, Seafood Hotpot (more like seafood noodle soup :p), Calamari, Grilled Fish, and Chocolate Delice, and they all taste phenomenal! Not to mention that the seafood tower special is such a great deal! All the raw seafood is incredibly fresh and clean, and they managed to give simple common dish like Calamari a distinct flavor and I love it!
It was really easy to make a reservation through their website. The staff here is so welcoming, friendly, and funny! All my friends loved this place as much as I did. Looking forward to coming back again!笑
Love their oysters...such great value...you get high quality oysters with the buck a shuck and real, fresh horse radish. The other foods on the menu are also very good. Loved the service.笑
Amazing food. One star off for their slow kitchen. Probably no one wants to work in the kitchen on a Saturday night. My fourth time here and... My favourite goes to the chicken liver and oyster pate!!!!笑
Fantastic fish and salad. I ordered the European sea bream, rice and salad with mushroom. Cream brûlée on the way. Great atmosphere. Kevin, the boss and Alex, the manager, were fantastic!  I will be back for the happy hour treat, a dozen oysters for $15.笑
Had the misfortune of going to this place for 2 separate social events and it wasn't by choice. Please only go here if you are into Oysters. There are zero vegetarian or poultry selections on the main course menu. This is one of those places which serves only a limited type of customers. Adding a couple of normal dishes to the menu would probably make this place a bit more bearable. Service was average. We were a group of around 10 people and 4 of us couldn't really find anything decent to eat. One of us ordered the trout and viola, it was a whole fish served with eyes and all! Quite disgusting to look at, forget about eating it. Again, adding at least one normal dish to the menu wouldn't kill them. Ended up with the fish and chips which were very greasy but tasted ok. Nothing creative about the chips. They were just damn soggy fries.笑
I met up with a friend for girls night out here and it was one of the best decisions we've made. The staff was very friendly and helped us navigate around oyster suggestions. The oysters were fresh and I really liked their red wine vinegar. I ordered the Pacific Cod which I found a bit bland, but the couscous was really good. My friend ordered the trout and that was done perfectly. I also loved their blue cheese creme brulee. I'd totally visit again.笑
Oysters disappointing. The atmosphere was great. Service pretty good. Soup yummy. Oysters didn't seem properly shucked. Pieces of shells in each one, hard to remove at times and both my friend and I only enjoyed the taste of one kind. We spent $100 for 100 Oysters and there were only two kind. Since we only liked one of them that meant that over 30 of them went to waste. We ordered drinks and wine and spent $125 each and they still charge $2 for bread. They didn't even respond to the fact that alost half the oysters were not eaten. Overall I had a nice evening, but don't go for shuck a buck. Not worth it.笑
Loved this place! Had my Birthday dinner here with some friends and the food was amazing and the staff were great! First when you walk in, it's super cozy and I love the ambiance. We got seated in a large booth. We came for the zinc and drink as well as dinner. We started off with 2 dozen oysters from PEI (a dozen is $15) and was about to order a third when the server recommended we try the Tuesday special - Seafood Circus (on the menu) but known as a Seafood Tower. It was so good! It had a dozen oysters, a variety of clams, mussels, crab legs and shrimp. I would highly recommend trying this. We then decided to order our mains which were mussels, fish and chips and burger. Everyone was happy with their meals. The salad is nice as well. The mussels were a good size and I love the coconut broth. The fish and chips batter was delicious, light, and their tartar sauce was lemony with dill. My friend commented that the burger was good as well. The staff are very friendly. They also were nice to let my friends bring cupcakes for me :) I would highly recommend going to Pearl Diver. I'll definitely be back again to try their 100 oysters for $100!笑
Tried this place out on a recent trip. The fish and chips were great, a light and crispy breading paired perfectly with their house made dill tartar sauce. I tried a few oysters which were succulent and shucked as I waited. While my food was great, I definitely had food envy seeing some of the other courses come out. If I'm ever in the area again I'll be sure to stop back in and try some of the other dishes.笑
I went in with a friend for a fish and chips lunch one afternoon. I was pretty happy with the food.笑
I loved this place for its seafood! I've tried both Tuesday seafood tower, and buck-a-shuck Thursdays. 
Tuesday seafood tower is $39.99 for 2 people. And you can only order one for two people. The tower is quite impressive with dozen oysters, shrimps, mussels, and tuna. Everything is super delicious! We also ordered mussels along with the seafood because it's definitely not enough as a meal. 
Thursday 100 oysters for $100 is also an amazing deal. The day we went it was all PEI Malpeque oysters. The size was quite decent, and the oysters came in plates of 33s (3 plates in total). So we don't feel like there was a long wait. 

All in all, a super delicious and fresh seafood place! Definitely go for their special nights!
Make sure you make reservations in advance because they may get fully booked a week before.笑
The oysters from this restaurant is sooooo good that I typically don't write reviews but I just had to create an urban spoon account to express how good it is! I have to confess that I wasn't much of an oyster fan (I know.. I missed out so much), but it's not that I never had oyster, I've come across many occasions but they tasted really just okay to me until last night when I had them at Pearl Diver - especially those kumamoto oysters and the ones from Ireland and PEI ! Coupled them with a glass of pinot noir made the night just perfect! But that's not it, their chicken liver and oyster pate was also delicious! We cleared the whole jar of it without any trace left.

Our server was very attentive to our needs and I would definitely say the customer service is first class and better compared to the ones I received from some upscale fine dining. This is one of the best seafood restaurants I've been to and it is such a wonderful discovery in the heart of downtown Toronto.笑
Food was  really really good, service was great, ambience left more to be desired - a little bit cold feeling, too bright, too spaced out, isolated part of adelaide street, something lonely about it. Is it crazy that I'm taking away two stars for atmosphere? maybe.笑
Probably my favorite place to grab oysters in Toronto. Way more laid back vibe than its competitors - servers act much less intense about the oysters so you don't have to sit through a huge spiel before you can get your food. Decor is unique for an oyster bar too- They use salvaged church pews for booths. The Caesar cocktail has just the right amount of worceschershire; the Caesar salad had a nice garlicky dressing and loads of anchovies so was delicious; the lobster was perfectly cooked and super tender-I'm dreaming about it still; and service was prompt. No complaints.笑
Five of us - three adults and two kids - had an amazing meal at Pearl Diver tonight.  Since we are sharers we all sampled all the dishes.  We started with a dozen really fresh oysters and a very tasty clam chowder.  Two of us split a hamburger with smoked bacon and cheese which was perfectly cooked.  The accompanying green salad was fresh with great vegetable additions and was expertly dressed. One of us had Chicken Kiev which was juicy and herby and buttery.  The kids had fish and chips - perfectly cooked chips, very flaky fish, and a great coleslaw.  For dessert we shared a creme brule, a sticky toffee pudding, and an apple crumble - delicious.  I also had one of their bottles of oyster beer - dark brown and delicious.  The ambience was nice - wooden booths with a strip of marble tile down the centre and church pews with plenty of room around the table.  The service was superb.  Next time I'm in Toronto I will definitely return.笑
Great seafood restaurant! They have a very good special on Thursdays, $100 for 100 oysters with higher quality oysters than your average buck-a-shuck deal. Dinner is quite good as well, we had the chicken liver & oyster pate to start and I had the trout which was very well prepared. The beer list is a little bit short but they do feature rotating Trappist taps. Definitely one of my favorite places in the city.笑
Excellent. Ironically I have a mild seafood allergy so suffice it to say, the evening wasn't for me. My date loves oysters and seafood, and based on Yelp reviews, I thought this would be a good place to check out. 

She absolutely loved the oysters. One from New Zealand she said was the best oyster she has ever had in her life (and she eats a lot of oysters).  

I had the mushrooms as a starter and the burger (at the recommendation of our server). The mushroom was great and the burger, and this was surprising to me especially from a seafood joint, was one of the best burgers I've experienced (and I eat a lot of burgers!). The meat was seasoned perfectly...and it was the star of the burger. The toppings, as is the case with many other places, usually takes away the focus from the patty, but the patty here is the focus, and rightfully so. I'd come here on my own just for the burger!  

Service was fantastic...a little slow but not their fault, the place was packed!  But the gentleman was attentive, informative and friendly. 

One of the best experiences we've had. Now I know what the fuss is about.笑
The seasoning on their calamari was one of the best I've ever had. I had the Mussel Monday special and received a lot of food for a very good price (Mussels, salad, and focaccia bread for under $20). They also had an extensive drink menu with a great variety of beers. The service was great, I would definitely go back!笑
Come here if you love oysters.

The service was excellent. The bartenders and staff attended to my needs and created good conversation. You expect good service at nicer places and the staff delivered.

I think the food quality could be a bit better. I ordered a giant tower of seafood and finished the entire order by myself. This is something meant to be shared. I found myself sick of the flavors by the end of meal. I can eat Sashimi, Oysters and seafood until hearts content but I got a bit bored.

I found the oysters were perfect but some of the other food was lacking. The crab legs were average, the mussels were not very good and the shrimp was also average. 

Overall, the service and the oysters make this a solid place to eat. I will come back and try the dinner menu to see if they can deliver more!笑
This restaurant is over priced for what it is. Mussels are ridiculously small and the frites were terribly salty. Everything else on the menu that we sampled was so so...

Absolutely disappointing... would not recommend this place at all!笑
One of the best sea food restaurants that I've been in Toronto! Everything was so fresh and the price was very good.
We started by some oyster and calamari which was very tasty. Then we had muscles, whole fish and fish and chips and they were all very good/
Definitely will go back there.笑
Ate here a few weeks ago before a JFL show at the Sony Centre. We were looking for somewhere close to the venue and found this place.... I am SO happy we did.

We were seated at one of the tables that is connected to the bar. We ordered drinks and food from the awesome bar tender (who made a fantastic margarita.) 

We ordered the Caesar salad, calamari, oysters (chefs choice) and the burger. All of which were amazing. 

The bar tender/server was super friendly and attentive the entire meal. 

We had such a great experience I wanted to write a review and share. Can't wait to go back.笑
My friend told me Pearl Diver was known for their raw oysters and seafood, so she was a little surprised when I opted to come here for Sunday brunch. However, outside of the raw oysters, the brunch game here is strong! With plenty of options, especially for the Benedict lovers, (i.e lobster, fried oyster, kale & mushroom), there's something for everyone at the table. 

I ordered the burger, which comes with a generous side of Cajun? spiced fries. The fries were incredible - great amount of spice, flavored really well. The burger was juicy and a "huge chunk of meat" according to my friend. I added bacon for an additional $1.50, which was $1.50 well spent because I got 2 large pieces of perfectly fried bacon. Not sure if bacon is better in Canada than in NY, but I really loved this bacon. The first half of the burger was really good. However, towards the last half, I saw it was unevenly cooked as the beginning was medium rare, while the latter was medium well. The beef was also a tad bit dry during the end. 

My friend had the mushroom and kale benedict, which she also loved. It came with a side salad and spiced hash browns. Kudos to the service as they were able to accommodate for her dairy free allergy and made the dish without hollandaise sauce and the hash browns without the spiced butter sauce. 

Make sure you check in for 10% off your bill!笑
Got the Thursday special 100 oysters For $100, amazing deal for fresh oysters. Also got the burger, very juicy and tasty. The new dessert, forgot the name, deconstructed cheese cake, was not just for show, but with unique taste in a great way. The service was great too. Will definitely visit again.笑
A great great experience. The service was excellent and we were treated like regulars on our first visit.  The food was fantastic. We ordered the seafood tower and several starters to sample. Awesome. Highly recommended!!笑
Found this spot through Yelp recommendations - ordered the snapper, fries (so good we ordered two serves) and mussels. Unfortunately the fish and mussels weren't salty enough and were a bit bland so we asked for more salt and lemons and it tasted a lot better after that. I would really rate this 3 stars but added an extra star as the service was attentive.笑
The whole atmosphere is nice. Jazz music and the food make it relaxing. It's on the expensive aside but the food was good. We order two different fish for main course with oysters and all. I would come again.笑
I ordered the fish and chips. Chips were ok, sauce was good. But the fish...I know that hoping that the fish isn't greasy is usually too optimistic, but I wasn't prepared for the sea of oil. 

I didn't even have the heart to use the discount Yelp gave me :(

Service was great though! Very nice waiter :)笑
Went here for brunch and loved it. They staff is really friendly and attentive.  My family and I loved all our dishes and would definitely come back.  The happy hour menu looks very tempting!笑
The fish was pretty average, especially for downtown Toronto. It was pretty bland, despite the lemon. Service was good though.笑
came for brunch on Sunday afternoon.   the oysters were excellent as was the seafood sauce.   steak and eggs were also fantastic.   the steak was seasoned very well, and the sauce on the homefries was out this world good.笑
Although I'm not a big fan of oysters, but the other seafood are also great! Since I'm allergic to seafood that's not fresh, I can promise that this restaurant offers fresh seafood. I love their shrimp and mushroom salad! We also ordered a fried fish which is simple and delicious, too.
If you are a big fan of oysters, they have $100 for 100 oyster on Thursday dinner time. They also have special offer after 10 pm.

I had a lovely dinner with my family here and I really enjoy it. Will definitely come back here again!笑
the food is amazing here！we didnt reserve a l'avance，so we waited for abt 15mins。it worth waiting anyway笑
Rough sit down with our rez.  But oh my damn the Malpeques!! THUs 6pm-10pm 100 oysters for $100.  Cava is good, but the Cremant de Loire seemed to pair better with the mollusks.

Gregory, hands down, made our TO trip.  He's the bartender, so you'll need the tables there for his attention.  Super accommodating with recommendations on local haunts.  We can't thank you enough for making our trip special, Gregory!!笑
Food was fantastic and so was the service. Would recommend the chicken liver and oyster pâté. I was skeptical at first but it was awesome ( I don't like oysters for the record.) entrees were also delicious. Bartender/waiter went out of his way to give advice on what to do in the city and not to mention hooked up a couple free shots.笑
We ordered the seafood tower and it looked quite impressive.  Unfortunately, I don't particularly enjoy west coast oysters and today they served Fanny Bay.  These suckers were huge!  I had no problem with the size, I just think west coast oysters have a very distinct taste.  Everything else in the "seafood circus" was fine though.  

I started with the "clam chowdah" and found it to be just okay.  I would've liked to see more seafood, since it was predominantly potatoes.  I also expect chowder to be a bit creamier and heartier.  This was kind of runny.  

Let's order a burger at a seafood restaurant!  Why not?!  I've tried the burger here and it was good.  Today though, somewhat disappointing.  I asked if the burger would be cooked medium rare.  It wasn't.  It was more like medium well.  It wasn't juicy at all.  The side of fries were alright.

I'm sorry Shucker Paddy!  It might've been better if you were there!笑
We were big fans of Starfish & went there for the raw oysters.  This place is now much more than just an oyster bar. Pearl Diver's menu is absolutely amazing. The chowder is undoubtedly best one we've ever had. Sardines were pretty awesome too. Mussels were uniquely larger than normal. 

We'll defnly be back quite often!笑
A friend and I were in the hood for a conference at the Sony Centre and came to Pearl Diver for lunch...then promptly booked ourselves in for dinner that same night.

The food is very good and at good prices. For lunch we had shrimp po' boy and fish and chips, both fresh tasting and nice portions. Dinner we had oyster (their selection is amazing) and shared a bunch of small plates. We enjoyed the food, but for me, what made this place special is the warmth and friendly vibe. The staff are amazing and treated us like old friends. Super thoughtful people. We will definitely be back and I recommend this place to anyone. It's great for all occasions.笑
Great atmosphere, great service. I met a friend there for an early dinner - she is a vegan and was very impressed with the options available and the accommodations the kitchen would make. She loved her meal - i think she had two appetizers, one was the mushrooms which she loved.

I got the oyster Wednesday deal - 15 oysters for $22. The three varieties are pre-set so I said I only like the small sweet ones (oyster wimp!). I ended up with one variety that was huge and not to my liking but the other two were great. The mignonette was extremely vinegary. Yuck.

Then I had the grilled sardines which were really charred, dry had a tasteless green kale salsa of some kind. They are $5 each - I had ordered two but only ate half of one. If I had liked them it would have been a good size. 
Anyway it was a mixed reaction for my first time. I would go back as it is a very convenient location and I really liked the atmosphere.笑
Honestly, this place is not very good, I'm not sure why it has such good reviews. Much of hte food was extremely salty (to the point where I could see salt flakes on my plate), and not particularly tasty or intriguing, considering the price. The fish we had was well-cooked at least, but was under-seasoned. Service was good, but everything else was all over the map. Nothing about this place wowed me or even met our expectations. Disappointing.笑
I would have given this place 5 stars but there were flies where we were seated by the window. We killed 3 out of 4. Kinda gross but not the end of the world. It was more than made up for by the friendly servers and the delicious food. And oh man was the food delicious! We started off with the oysters and for the main we had the sea bream with caesar salad and the house burger and fries. Everything we had was perfection so we decided to get dessert; coconut matcha creme brulee and the sticky toffee pudding (STP). While the creme brulee was amazing as it was I found the creme brulee a little too sweet. We still devoured it though. Next time I will ask for the syrup on the side coz the pudding itself was perfect. I would definitely go back and try the other things on the menu.笑
5 stars even though the cured fish platter didn't have mackerel (replaced it with pickled veg)  wasn't crazy about the fried oysters but that's just me I'm sure other  people would have enjoyed it,  oysters terrific very fresh service outstanding still my fav place in the city to eat笑
First time in this establishment and it was a great experience.  The staff was very helpful especially Bryan.  He was very knowledgeable in everything seafood.  We had oysters and the seafood tower which is not on the menu for Fridays but they accommodated our request without hesitation.  We had the toffee and creme brulé for desert which both were amazing. This is an amazing place for seafood we will most definitely be making it our go to spot!!!!笑
Great food, great price, just fantastic!  t's a small cozy place with great wait staff and even better food.笑
What a great experience. Pearl Diver exceeded all my expectations and I'm grateful for a seafood restaurant that can serve up some of the freshest seafood I've tasted in a city so far away from an ocean.

The Zinc and Drink deal (4.5/5): Often with oyster deals you become weary as you can get served up some of the dinkiest looking oysters or rather just the brunt of the pack. That's not the case at Pearl Diver. Respect. For $15 you get a dozen fresh and decent sized malpeques along with 2 different toppings. It's a great deal.

Seafood Circus (5/5): 5 gigantic shrimps, 3 smoked salmon rolls with cream cheese and capers, 12 mini pickled mussels, 4 spiced clams, and a dozen malpeques for ~$30 (on Tuesdays)... you honestly can't go wrong. I'd say its a great appetizer for 2 and their shrimp cocktail will blow away any grocery bought shrimp cocktail ANY DAY. You can't go back after having their shrimp. The pickled mussels were very cute and not too sour, the spiced clams had a great texture to them, and the smoked salmon rolls with cream cheese (although lacking in number) were a nice finishing touch to the entire meal. The oysters are no different than the ones served with the zinc and drink meal, it was just great to have 12 oysters altogether between my date and I :)

Chicken Liver and Oyster Pâté (3.5/5): Something unique on the menu that I had to try. I am a huge fan of liver pâté, but I've never had a chance to taste pâté with an oyster element to it. My date loved it, however I was on the fence about how it tasted. The pâté comes in a small open jar that is brûlée'd at the top and when broken in and spread onto the toasted bread that comes with the dish, I can't get over the subtle copper taste that the oyster adds to the pâté. I think this appetizer is an acquired taste, and is likely going to be a hit or miss with certain people.

Side of fries (4/5): Well done Pearl Diver! For a seafood restaurant your lightly crisped shoestring potato fries with dusting of salt are the bomb!

Price (4/5): this place is quite expensive but if you compare the quality with what you pay for I'd consider it worth it. We paid $15 for 12 oysters, then ~$30 for the seafood circus as the deals of the day which were definitely worth the price!

Service (4/5): I was actually quite impressed on their timing at this place. They told us that the seafood circus would come to our table in around 30 minutes due to the high demand and surprisingly, it came in exactly 30 minutes. Impeccable. I was pleased when they gave us a tour of everything that was on the seafood circus, however it can get busy you may have to remind them once or twice to get you the bill.

Ambiance (4/5): Lots of aged dark wood that reminds you of what you'd think it'd feel like on a pirate ship. It's well themed, although it can be dark depending on where you are sitting.笑
The food is ok. However, the service drives me nuts. It is my frd's birthday, and the girl asks for cake fee since we brought our own cake. The fee is nothing, but the attitude she gives makes us feel like shame on "you". And if the girl says it in a polite way, we would be fine, but the way she says is so uneducated with strong attitude. Unexpected awful experience. If you do want to ruin your day, please go and visit, and I swear to god, you won't regret.笑
Absolutely enjoyed this venue, the service and the food. 

Came here with reservations and we were seated right away in a nice booth just as requested. 

our server was over right away and took our order for our apps.

i have never tried oysters but i have to say i was incredibly impressed with the presentation and flavour of the food.

my friends has an old fashion drink; i had coke but they were very happy with it.

we also tried the calamari and i have to say it's the best in the city (better than Lee's and don't get me wrong, I LOVE Chef Lee's).

onto mains:
i ordered the coconut milk mussels with the fries, my friends ordered the scallop with shrimp skewer and the trout - we were completely satisfied with our meals.

One thing i absolutely loved about this restaurant was we never once felt the pressure to leave. When we asked for the bill, the waiter actually brought over a shot for my friends on the house and then gave us the bill. 

i had so much fun that i actually forgot to present my 10% off check in discount! 
Awesome place, people and food - i will be back :)笑
LOVED this place! Fantastic food, chill vibe, and friendly staff!

I met the owner, Patrick, and I can safely say he is a truly awesome dude who can shuck so many oysters so quickly, it is mind boggling.

The Shemogue (spelling?) oysters I tried here were easily among the best I have ever eaten. Sweet and pleasantly salty. The fish and chips are amazing. Their batter is so light and crispy and the tartar sauce really rocks. If you aren't a fish lover, definitely go for their burger, it is so freaking delicious. The sticky toffee pudding is a must do for the end of your meal, absolutely scrumptious gingerbread flavoured goodness!

A little birdy told me they will be opening for brunch in the near future ;) I can't wait to return!!笑
The food was delicious but I do not recommended coming in for the oysters. They were not opened properly so we had pieced of shell in every bite, and many of them were very small. On the plus, like I said, the dinner menu food was delicious! Salads and fish were great. The food menu is highly recommended :)笑
So those who know me know that I like oysters (and pho) so when there's a deal i'm all over it. I came to take advantage of their 100 for $100 oyster deal. This is only on Thursdays from 6pm-10pm. The deal covers Fanny Bay and Malpac oysters.

Food: Oysters were good however when you go for 100 there will be one that fails you. I think I had one that was bad and i was sick the next day. I don't blame the restaurant for that. I'm just the idiot who likes to eat 100 oysters. They only had two sauces with the oysters (cocktail sauce and some balsamic vinegar sauce). If you go to Nome Izakaya on Tues and Weds they have $1 oysters in bulks of dozens and they have 6-8 difference sauces.

Their beer selections were fair and they had craft beers.

Atmosphere: The ambience was good. Dark with candles lit. Can be loud but nothing you can't handle

Location: Not a big fan of the location. It's right behind St James Cathedral and hidden. Easy to miss

Price: pricing is fair. I only came for the oysters so I'll say that deal is good.

Overall, great place to hang out and chill.  I would recommend everyone going at least once.笑
Excellent decor.  You really get the nautical feel but without all the tackiness.  

My friend wanted oysters, but I'm not a big fan myself.  This was a good option because the menu had a good variety of their options.  I opted for fish.  

The food was AMAZING, presentation included.  

The service was good other than the water service.  I drink a lot of water when I eat and they have the small water glasses, which I could drink in one gulp.  If you are going to have small water glasses, either put a bottle on the table (even for just one or two people) or come around often and fill them please.笑
My first day in Toronto was pretty rough.  I was travelling alone, the weather was crap and I'd spent most of my day lost.  All I wanted was someplace comfortable and casual to thaw on a Sunday evening and boy, did I find it.  A dozen oysters, a couple pints and a warm bowl of clam chowder later and I actually felt human again.  The staff was extremely attentive and friendly and the food was excellent.  Definitely plan on going back during my few weeks stay in Toronto.笑
loooooooove thier grilled fish
so yummmmmy

my friend said(she doesn't like fish), when i was young if i eaten this taste fish i would be seafood mania!笑
This seafood place is absolutely awesome, one of my favorites. They have daily specials almost daily and late night specials everyday. Dozen oysters for 15 dollars and they can mix up the oysters out of what they have in stock!! I also enjoy their Tuesday special which is the seafood tower, it's such good value.

Everyone should try out pearl diver，you will not be disappointed.笑
Came here for buck a shuck oysters. The oysters were good, but the drinks are bland and poorly garnished despite being quite expensive. Their cake is also pretty good.笑
Seekers of the best oysters in town knew Starfish - unless you wanted to shuck them yourself, this was the next best thing. Sadly, Starfish has gone to Davey Jones' locker, but now there is Pearl Diver, the gastropub reincarnation of Starfish. The top quality seafood is there again, and the oysters are just as fresh, expertly selected and shucked as before. But now there is a microbrewery in the back with some pretty tasty suds. The wine list is a little shorter, but the selection is still thoughtful and reasonably priced.
The menu has been updated to reflect the newer philosophy. The seafood is still expertly prepared - perfectly cooked (and not overcooked!) but there are sliders and other beer friendly dishes there as well.
Definitely worth the short walk to get here, I am so happy that oysters are back in town!笑
Very nice place. I like the decor, very unique. The food was excellent. The platter of oysters was delicious and fresh. Fried oysters were amazing. The pearly chowder was great and so was the fish n chips except for the fries, way too salty and we has to replace them. Customers service not the best. Not very friendly and slow.笑
What a great little spot!  Service was amazing - pleasant and accommodating (esp for me who needed a vegan option).  The oysters were delicious ( my husband loved them) and the mushroom dish and root vegetables were yummy too.  Great atmosphere.  Highly recommend笑
Cute and cozy little place I found in my neighbourhood. Ate many many oysters and had one too many whiskey n gingers HA!笑
This place is amazing. Good variety of seafood with oysters from all around the world, but oddly my favorite thing at the restaurant is the burger! By far the best burger I have had in Toronto and I have had quite a few and one of the best burgers I have had anywhere. I have been here twice and both times it delivered. The whole fish was excellent as well and all the ingredients are very high quality and I believe sustainably and ethically sourced. 

The pork chop sounds and looks great so on a future visit I will definitely give it a try. 

The place is also very low key, not pretentious at all, and the service is great. 

Definitely a place I will go back to again on future visits to Toronto.