If you want to try seafood Korean style and don't want to fly all the way to Korea, this is the place for you. 

This place is called "Marado SUSHI" and it has a lot of the standard Japanese dishes you can find in other restuarants. But what you really should be coming here for are the Korean style fresh seafood. Forget your bento boxes and chicken teriyakis. Go order a Live Fluke Fish set or a live octopus. You'll ALMOST feel like you're in Korea. 

We ordered a 40 piece Sashimi set $45 and a small Live Fluke Fish set $70. The Sashimi set is basically what you get at other sushi places, except these are very high quality sashimi. There's no traces of the fish being frozen! The Fluke Fish set comes with sashimi fluke fish, some fish appetizer, tempura, spicy fish soup, and even ice cream at the end. The Fluke fish is like a really chewy kind of sashimi. Tastes totally different from other types of sashimi. 

For a Korean place, we were very impressed with the service. I generally don't bother to comment on service in Asian restaurants. 

I will return. But it's not something I would eat often. I mean it's $70 for a small fluke fish. If price is a concern, I suppose you can order their "normal" dishes. Their sashimi quality is just amazing compared to other places I've tried in Toronto and well worth the small premium they charge.笑
Oh how I love stumbling upon a diamond in the ruff! This is a hidden gem in Thornhill/Vaughn. The sushi is great, fresh and interesting pairing when it comes to flavours.笑
Good place for live flounder sashimi and live seafood in the area!!

They are located in thornhill on yonge st.

There is spacious parking spot so that is another plus.

I am a big fan of flounder sashimi so I was so excited to try!

Especially they have flounder sashimi menu as a course meal.

It comes with every tasty side dishes and finishes with spicy stew made with left over of flounder that I orderd.

But the spicy stew taste little disappointing.

Service was good and attentive.笑
Enjoyed a very delicious dinner here. Had the live octopus which was a very cool experience. Also had the sushi/maki/sashimi boat and the fish was very fresh and the rice ratio was great too. Had no complaints. The staff were friendly and very helpful! 
A GEM INDEED. must try!笑
Marado Sushi is where the Lobster Royale used to be.
The amount of food provided for dinner is amazing.  Dinner began with salads and crunchy noodle soups.  In addition, we were provided with 4 banchan, with a complimentary salmon head.
The entrée sizes were also amazing, with a lot of chicken and beef provided on sizzling hot plates.
We were also given free green tea ice cream.
Entrees range from about 14 - 20$, which is quite reasonable based on the amount of food given.  If you try their seafood specials, it is a bit more expensive.

I'd definitely come back, and would like to try their lunch specials.笑
A solid place to come for sushi. I would say for the price point, definitely more worth it to come for lunch than dinner. Their lunch bento boxes are delicious - and well worth the price. They are filling and good quality. We usually get the kalbi bento box - with friends & family usually ranging the different ones - like salmon, bulgogi, chirashi, etc. 

All their food has been solid quality, I've never really been disappointed by anything that we've received. We tried our first live octopus here - far cheaper than other locations around Toronto. Worth the try if that's what you're looking for - although in my opinion, not really anything special in terms of taste. 

One downside is that the rooms in the far back left of the restaurant are somewhat fly infested at times. We've had to change seats out of there because of the immense about flies. But other than that, we frequent this location for lunch!笑
Seafood Combo with Abalone+Live Octopus+Sea Squirt+Sea Cucumber for $59.95 does sounds interesting.

Unfortunately we were here at Marado Sushi for their lunch special and having Live Octopus for lunch just a little too much for me.

Lunch Combo starting from $9 with choice of sushi/sashimi,Tempura/Teriyaki, Katsu Don and Fish Stew.

We ended up sharing A Course ($12.95) which includes salad, Tempura, Sashimi/Maki/Sushi was decent especially if you want to try out a few things they offers. We also order a Spicy Fish of the Day Soup with Rice ($12.95). It has half a fish head and chucks of fish. Great if you love fish.

Having the banchens as appetizers was quite nice.

Marado Sushi is not bad if you want to have some sushi fix if you are in the neighbourhood. But seems like their specialty is their live seafood: Sannakji and other Korean seafood delight. That would be another review update for that visit.笑
The sashimi pizza was amazing.......!
the restaurant was nice and cozy, got me feeling like in an authentic Japanese bar.
I recommend if you're near by and looking for a great seafood experience.笑
Pretty good; I wouldn't make a fuss if someone suggested coming back but I will keep looking for my favourite local sushi place. One of my pet peeves with sushi places is when they cover the sushi in sauce -- especially when the menu does not indicate this is the case. They did put sauce on most of the rolls but at least it wasn't overkill like on some places. Aside from that the rolls were quite good and they have some unique options.笑
"A quick, fresh and unpretentious Japanese Restaurant with reasonable prices and friendly service. Besides lacking a bit of an edge, there is nothing not to like about Marado Sushi."
"Olive Flounder was the visible habitant of these tanks, but some smaller octopuses were hiding in the corner as well. "
A few bites from our experience..笑
Love their live seafood
i have tried their live flunder, crab and lobster
taste amazing! 

although the location is little bit far for me but it was worth a visit笑
Great little place. Went here for lunch, the price seemed decent.
We got two bento boxes with tempura and dynamite roll. Meal came with 5 tiny appetizer ranging from kimchi to fried fish.
Nice atmosphere, the music seems to be in random we enjoyed Xmas song in April!

Overall great place. Total bill was $40. Will come back again when we're in the area.笑
This establishment is a typical Japanese restaurant owned by Koreans - menu offering crosses the two cuisines, flounder, abalone, sea cucumber and all.

On Saturday night on Mother's Day weekend, the service was respectable despite the packed house.  We were served promptly and attended to frequently throughout the 90 minute dining.  Staff dressed in spring kimono added to the ambience.

Sushi and sashimi were fresh enough but not top-notch.  Flounders were filleted in inconsistent thickness and the spicy salmon rolls exuded overpowering dry seaweed taste.  Spicy fish soup came bland  so we had to add salt to garnish it ourselves.  

Overall, while I wouldn't write this place off on one visit and may likely try again during lunch, first impression goes a long way and it was nothing to write home about.