Cold fries and best of all, a customer came in and ordered. The table he wanted had some kind of white creamy junk on it. He went and told someone and they handed him a rag. LolǾ
Update. Im sick of coming here and having them tell me after a long wait in line that theyre out of whatever im looking for. Please. After a few times i get the picture.Ǿ
Employees look like they hate their job. Milkshake was like drinking milk. Food was cold and not warm at all.Ǿ
Okay. We decided to give it another try, since this location is very convenient. MUCH better experience. We had a 2-for-1 coupon for any sandwich, and decided to get the filet-o-fish. My husband had never tried one, and decided this was his chance. We were greeted cheerfully in the drive through, and quickly got our order. As with the first time, the fries were nice and hot. Yum! 
When we got home, our food looked great. It was presented nicely, and the sandwich tasted exactly how I remember them to be. My husband was really impressed. Thanks McDs!


Previous review:
What do you expect for fast food? Well, you at least expect to have personable people manning the drive-thru. There are some great McDs out there, unfortunately this is not one of them. 

It was difficult to understand the woman taking the order. At first I thought that maybe she had a heavy accent. Upon seeing her, I think that she really just did not have the enthusiasm enough to form clear, intelligible words. What is worse is that she was wearing a white blouse...doesn't this mean that she is part of the management team? Hmm. 

After waiting way too long for the second car ahead of me to get their food, the person ahead of me moved right in and got their food within seconds. They have a parking space especially for orders that may take longer than usual in the drive-thru, so why didn't they use it? Pulled up to pick up my food, and the girl asked if I wanted any ketchup. I said 'no thank you', and she said 'there you go' as she passed me my bag and then she was gone. No smile, no 'thank you' or 'have a nice day'. Nothing. At least the fries were hot.Ǿ
Parking not very welcoming to large RV's, and don't park next door at the convenience station they charge to park. Staff seemed confused on how to handle special requests, choosing instead to argue with a customer in-front of me and behind me.Ǿ
I decided to go on drive thru and while driving home i get a burnt smell it was coming from the bag of food as soon as i get home i get every thing out i couldn't find were was that smell coming from i take a bite on my chicken sandwich I Felt this nasty taste in my mouth when i open the sandwich the fucken bun was all burnt !!!!  Really the cook definitely saw the bun burnt they didn't care specially cause the order was drive-thru why not give it to the customer !!!!!! Are you fucken kidding me !!!! Worst place ever its all nasty i hope the Health department checks  out this place!!!!Ǿ
I wish I could give no stars. I have literally had to call so many times to complain that I've stopped because it's clear no one there give a fuck about their customers. McDonalds corp just had the owner if this location call me and all she did was question me about all the issues as if I was the one who seemed sketchy. I even told them I don't want free food just get my order right.Ǿ
Been here twice this month, and had mistakes made on my order both times. One of the times I ordered a mango pineapple smoothie and it came with little pieces of what looked like chocolate, but not sure if that was really what it was... Today we did not receive the medium fries nor the bbq sauce for the chicken mcnuggets we ordered and paid for. Going to stop going to this location for a while to see if they change their staff or give time for them to make some changes. Sucks to get home and find half your order missing, going back and getting the missing items would take 30 minutes at least, so by then the other food would be cold, we did not go back today and are still very upset.Ǿ
Plus one service! They went above and beyond when my order was taking a few minutes longer than expected. Great teamwork!Ǿ
It's bad enough that you let bums walk around inside to ask your customers for money but to be threatened for not giving them money is unacceptable. Never in my life have I been told to "go f*** myself" in a "restaurant" because I wouldn't give some POS bum money... and on top of it your staff couldn't care less. Your lucky the guy didn't take me up on my offer to step outside and settle it otherwise you would have a lawsuit on your hands and not just a complaint.Ǿ
I have been to this McDonalds about ten times the past few weeks. I have to meet with students at a neutral place and this happens to be the location. There are signs everywhere that say "no loitering 30 min max". The staff here are very welcoming and understand that I am tutoring a student. Even during different shifts and different staff members, the unity and pleasant attitude stays the same. The manager, Derek, is an outstanding role model of what a manager should be. He jumps in the line of fire when it's busy, keeps an eye on the dining room, and tends to all his employees. The staff frequently comes out to the dining room to check on all customers as if it is a fine dining restaurant! Very impressive 
Also, it's very clean :)Ǿ
Friendly staff and got our order quickly. Order was correct and fresh. Plus they have a great deal the $12.99 bundle you can't go wrong.Ǿ
I do not live far from this McDonalds location so I have been here several times before. Today is Tuesday, Jan. 29th@7:04am and I placed and paid for an order of sausage w/egg biscuit and 2 hasbrowns "to go" at the drive thru. The meal was bagged and handed to me by the store mgr. at the 2nd window. When I returned home, what I found was a sausage w/egg biscuit but only 1 hashbrown. A small inconvenience but when I am unemployed and pay for a portion of a meal I did not receive...I'm sure you get the point.

Trust, reliabilty...out the window. For all who read this, be sure to check your order before pulling away from the drive thru window. I won't be patronizing this location for awhile.Ǿ
OK, here's a lawsuit waiting to happen. The manager at this McDonald's just violated the American Disabilities Act (http://www.ada.gov/regs2010/service_animal_qa.html) by asking me (A United States Marine Corps veteran) to leave because I had a service dog. 

She asked for paperwork to confirm my dog was a service animal. When I explained to her I'm not required under the American Disabilities Act to produce any "paperwork" or documentation she said I would have to leave.

I clearly asked her: "Are you sure you want to do this?" "This will not turn out well for you." Peanut, is a trained service dog under the guidelines for service animals covered by the American Disabilities Act.

I firmly stood my ground, waited for the police to arrive and document the incident. The embarrassment, humiliation, pain and suffering has me so upset.

Did I mention ADA lawsuits are such a slam-dunk that many attorneys will take on an ADA lawsuit for FREE? Especially involving a major restaurant chain like McDonald's! This will be an interesting call to my attorney in the morning.Ǿ
I just moved and I'm so annoyed that this is the closest McDonald's to me. This location sucks! I've arrived three times and they are only accepting cash and they will close randomly. The other day I stopped by at 9pm and they were closed. Who closes at 9pm. It's like the staff her make every excuse not to work.Ǿ
This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to.

Yes, there ARE better McD's out there. Like the one on Boulder Highway by Joker's Wild, right before you hit Warm Springs.

I have visited the last two nights here....Because I was picking up a friend of mine who got off from work, and we had a sweet tooth.....along with my family members at the house.

Yesterday, we pull up and ask for hot fudge sundaes. 
Ice cream machine is out.

Instead, we get two large sweet teas.....Which were overly sweet. Almost...gave off a syrup feel after I swallowed.

Tonight, the ice cream machine IS working, so I get two sundaes, and of course, two large sweet teas.

Sundaes look sad, because they are not in their proper clear plastic cup...they are instead in mini McFlurry cups....(not even filled completely, might I add.)

My friend and I take one sip of our sweet teas....and they taste like dirty water.
It's almost like they were trying to trick us.....Like, they didn't have enough tea, so they filled 3/4 of the cup with water.... Seriously, if I wanted the taste of unfiltered water, I would just pick up a hose out of someone's back yard. 

The women who work here, hate their lives. I mean, they are just wretched.
One of the cars parked by the drive thru was.....vandalized with shaving cream, and what appeared to be eggs... Can't say I blame the perpitrator when these ladies can't even pour a glass of tea. .....I don't condone it, but hey, some people are crazy about their food.