I had no clue this was here.  Smoked meat sandwich was a tad on the dry side, but good all the same.  Fries were great.  Nice choice of sodas.  Seating.  Some parking, but full mid-day on a Wednesday.  Quick happy Greek service.Ǿ
Breakfast here was average. I found it expensive for what it was. We ordered a two egg breakfast with bacon and home fries and waffles with fruit. Server was brisk to the point of rudeness. One word questions all the way which was a little off putting.Ǿ
very cozy place for breakfast/brunch/lunch. Good food and a lot of it!Ǿ
I came here because I work close by and I have heard that it was a decent place to have lunch/breakfast at. Upon walking in, I find the entire restaurant to be dimly lit, which personally bothered me a lot. I felt like the only lights that were coming into the restaurant were from the windows. 

I had a tough time deciding what to get from the menu because the choices are rather limited. With that, I mean they do not have sets of foods, but rather, either or. I'd prefer having a variety of foods together as a set but they mostly just have different foods alone. I suppose one of the perks is that they have a lot of options to choose from.

The server was definitely friendly. The food wasn't the greatest. I had the chicken souvlaki. I think I have had better. The portions were decent. 

Overall, I probably wouldn't come again, unless maybe for a quick sandwich for breakfast.Ǿ
Super friendly staff, great food, fast service and cheap, too.Ǿ
Not bad, not great, this place could be much better, but it is what it is, it's just a basic breakfast joint, nothing really home made here, or high quality, for instance, the Ham in my breakfast was just a disc of sandwich style formed "ham", it kinda tasted like ham. Bacon and eggs are real though. just greasy food, great for hangovers or if you just want a diner style meal. Service was ok, a little disorganized but again this isn't canoe, its a breakfast joint. The deli? Well there is no deli, its just a name. For its location, this place could be pretty awesome if they put more love  and quality in The food and service. I'm sure 90% of everything here has been frozen.Ǿ
We used to go here all the time when we were students - good price, good selection and we always got a table without much of a wait with a big group. Downside: they close earlyǾ
Used to come here and used to be extremely good. Unfortunately I gotta say that while the deal is still pretty good if compared with other breakfast places and the service is also still good, I can't say the same in regards of the quality of the food. Don't get me wrong. It's still good but not like it used to be. I hope it'll get better to the sake of the old days.Ǿ
We ate breakfast here on Sunday after the Scotiabank marathon.  There was a large group of us.  I found the service to be friendly and relatively prompt given that the restaurant was full and there were only two servers.  

The zesty omelet was huge (four eggs) and very good.  If not for the taste of the actual omelet, I would have given this establishment only two stars.   They did not skimp on the ingredients in this dish.  However, I found the home fries to be bland.  I asked for them to be well done but they did not come that way.  The waitress was apologetic but she did not offer to replace them.  

The smoked meat hash was tasty but I found that in this case, that they could have put more smoked meat in the dish.  There was barely any meat in this dish.  It was very heavy on the bland potatoes.  

The blueberry pancakes were not good at all.  The blueberries were hard and the pancakes were flat.  When combined with cold syrup, they were not really edible.Ǿ
Just had our first visit to this restaurant. I had the bacon and egg breakfast and it was very good. It's a small nostalgic  Like a New York diner that was reasonably priced for the portions you get.Staff were friendly , food was good and price was right. 
Will be back when in town again.Ǿ
This review is based on one visit.

Food: Tastes homey, the butter on the toast just glistens, bacon is nice and crisp. I got the big breakfast and shared half with a friend. Was really happy after eating it.

Atmosphere & Service: I think our waitress name was Anastasia, still not sure, she was a very great waitress checking up on us once and clearing our table. I ordered my dish and was planning to share it with my friend on the same plate but the waitress gave us an extra plate because she knew we were going to share, we didn't have to ask, so it was really thoughtful of her! The restaurant looks rustic, I did not have a complete look at the place, however it was woody.

Pricing: The prices are reasonable for the amount of food (you get a lot, well to me it is). The daily lunch specials are a plus. The big breakfast came to be about $4.99, honestly I do not remember the price, will have to check up on that the next time I go there.

I can't believe I have not knew about this place earlier.Ǿ
pretty standard diner style place. Tasty food,  very generous portions,  and service is pretty quick and reliable.  Can't really beat the deal your getting here.Ǿ
I'm a west end girl living on the east side, soon to once again return to my comfort zone west of Bathurst. Anyhow, I've lived 3 blocks from this place for two years and had no idea what I was missing! 

This place serves up some serious breakfasts. They're cheap and diner style, but the restaurant itself is actually really clean, warm and inviting. I had the Eggs Benny and it really hit the spot. I got a side of sausages, too, because I'm no fool. 

PEPPER POINTS: For their decent potato things. Hard to get good ones on the side of cheap eggs... especially in the east end. 

PS: Westside 'til I die: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsP0LsAU4lg
                                
                                          If you followed that link, you're welcome.Ǿ
I stopped in for breakfast at the Mutual Street Deli on a Saturday around 8 am for breakfast. There were less people than I would expect at that time, but I was OK with that. I had yet had my morning coffee and was not ready to deal with lots of people. I had pancakes, side of bacon, and coffee. The food was served quite quickly and was rather good. Our server was very friendly and NEVER let my coffee cup get empty. I come to Toronto every year for a conference and the Mutual Street Deli is always one place I make sure I stop into for breakfast. I am definitely a fan.Ǿ
If you're a Ryerson Journalism grad, you understand how epic the Mutual Street Deli is in your university career. If you're lucky enough, you had Don Gibb for first-year Reporting, and at the end of the year, he took you all out for brunch here. And it was adorable, because it was one of those great experiences with a great prof and it was before you were jaded and miserable, when your mind was fresh and you slept well at night...

Anyways, besides being a Ryerson institution, this place has GREAT breakfast. It's a sweet little joint, hidden in the sometimes scary Dundas East area but close enough to the school so it feels safe. The place is family-owned, family-run, and it's delicious home cookin' (I feel like Paula Deen when I say that, which only makes the review even better because this place is as homey as Paula Deen herself).

And it's cheap, and friendly, and wonderful. Even if you're not a Ryerson student, this place should become an institution for you, because it's just so gosh-darn cute that everyone should have a delicious experience here.Ǿ
The Mutual Street Deli is where I learned to love coleslaw!  The club sandwich is my favourite item on this menu, but the fish and chips are good, too.  The place is run by a Greek family that has been there for 2 (or 3?) generations, as is evident by the photos around the cash area.

The staff is always friendly and the food here is always good.  More than once I've been disappointed to find that I couldn't sit down but at those times I would just grab my food to go.  It's the kind of place that you'll enjoy the food in any way that you can get it.

Also, as far as deli-diners go, this is probably one of the cleanest ones that I've been to.  Mutual Street Deli is very popular amongst locals and the staff and students from Ryerson University, seeing as how that's just around the corner.  The one downside is that in recent years they've decided to stop being open for dinner.  Before they would stay open until 7 or 8pm, but the last time I went I noticed that the hours had changed and that it was often closed by 4pm.Ǿ
Great staff and good food for a good price. Almost all meals are under $10 and there are daily specials. Lots of selection for families with kids as well.Ǿ
I really enjoyed this restaurant. The food was really great and my server was very nice. However; when we were leaving and getting our stuff together, there was a man waiting for us to leave to clean our table and you can tell he was very impatient. My boyfriends mother was grabbing her stuff and the man said "hurry up grandma."
I could not believe he said that and I was very shocked. Ruined the whole experience for me.Ǿ
Simple, delicious diner food that almost tastes home made. My favorite is the Big Platters 1 and 2, one of which comes with pancakes, the other with french toast. It's perfect for me because I always want eggs, sausages, and pancakes. I usually have to choose (or get it on the side) but here I don't! All for the low price of $8. 

The Greek food here is also great, and their fries are hearty. Coffee cups never go empty, servers always have a smile on their faces. This place has been here for (nearly) forever and with good reason.Ǿ
Owned by the most lovely greek family- this place is 100% an institution.  And its open for dinner now!
Breakasts for under 5$ and full, i mean FULL lunch/dinner plates for less than 8$.  Amazing deal.  You can share a main- one of their sandwiches and be stuffed.  Totally worth it and charming.

The sandwiches are PACKED with meat- your mouth won't be able to open that wide.Ǿ
You know if cops and contractors are regulars, that the place offers good food at reasonable prices, which it does.  Want a latte?  Forget it.  Service is spotty.  One has to ask for jam - it's not on the table.  Sometimes you are offered more coffee, othertimes you need to ask.  But the food is basic, good, plentiful and reasonably priced.Ǿ
I came here for breakfast and ordered the egg white scramble. Unfortunately, when it arrived in pretty sure it was just a regular egg scramble ..not an egg white scramble. I tried it anyway making no complaints to have it sent back to the kitchen. The dish was little too greasy for my liking. Although the waitresses were super nice, I don't think I'll dine here again. Greasy spoons aren't for me!Ǿ
Came here for lunch once and its a very mediocre deli serving typical breakfast and lunch options you can find at a lot of other diners. The place is not very well lit and have a really tiring and "dark" atmosphere. The server was nice and friendly so that made up for parts of it.

I ordered the hot beef sandwich which came with fries. It was two pieces of white bread with some beef and a heavy amount of gravy. The beef was really salty so I barely had any. Didn't think it was worth it for $8.99. 

I haven't tried their breakfast items so I can't really comment on those, but based on this experience, I wouldn't return here. There are many much better breakfast/lunch options around, especially in the downtown area.Ǿ
Yummy breakfasts, sandwiches, lunch specials...Mutual Street Deli has all the makings of a great diner. It's got a variety of tables from booths to large group tables, it's reasonably priced for lunch with some downright cheap breakfast options, and they have servers who are adept at checking in on you and knowing what you might need in the first place.  The only thing that could make it better was if the service were a tad faster.  Although I've only been there during busy lunch hours, so maybe I'm just being picky.

Those who know the area will know that it isn't exactly the nicest area of town, but while the diner has been around forever, it's been renovated inside so it's a pretty decent place and doesn't reflect the surroundings at all.  Be prepared to pay for street parking or for one of the many surface lots around the area, if you're not already in the neighbourhood.Ǿ
Woke up feeling a bit rough and wanted a diner style breakfast. This place fit the bill. 

The problem is that I think they're trying to kill their customers - which seems ironic - because most people want their customers coming back. 

The amount of butter that they put on the toast can stop your heart. It's crazy. Other wise, the service is friendly, typical fried, standard breakfast. 

I definitely lost a couple of months off my life.Ǿ
This place is everything to me. I love their breakfast so much and it's so affordable for downtown! I don't care about the ambience, the food is too good to pass this place up. The waitresses are amazing too. So kind, so funny! My favourite breakfast place in T.OǾ
Nice old school Deli on a sketchy part of Dundas that has been there forever.... Huge selection of food with all the Deli classics, like Smoked Meat. Pastrami and all day breakfast. Huge takeout lunch trade. I had a Pastrami sandwich with chips and coleslaw the other day. Nothing amazing, but a very filling and reasonably priced meal.Ǿ
I love all their breakfast items especially their french toasts!! This is the only restaurant where i will go just for the thick crunchy french toasts! Not to mention their affordable prices! Mutual st deli is yr fast go to brunch/lunch place!Ǿ
I'm a big fan of brunch. Huge, in fact. I'd heard Mutual Street Deli was a good brunch, but I'm going to have to kindly disagree. Don't get me wrong: the staff and servers are friendly enough. But if you want food that you could *very easily* make at home, then don't waste your hard earned dollars. Even though the food is cheap, it has very little flavour. 

The food is really breakfast; think eggs, toast and bacon. And it's little more than that -- nothing fancy at all. I had the "light breakfast" which was one scrambled egg, two pieces of toast and a loonie-sized cup of fruit. I also ordered chocolate chip pancakes. My meal came to $11, so it's certainly not expensive, but I'd hoped for something a little more. I asked for a latte and the elderly lady (I assume the owner's mother?) didn't understand what I was saying as they only offer coffee or tea. 

If you want a very basic breakfast, MSD is good. If you want anything substantial, avoid going.Ǿ
I've been coming here once a month for nearly a decade now.
The waitresses are kind, no nonsense types.

Yes, it does seem dimly lit, but I always find the windows provide enough light since I'm usually there early enough.
The food is made quickly and from scratch.
It's hot, fresh, and well priced.

They close by 4 pm on most days and in the last few years, started opening on the weekends.

I look forward to my monthly meal here.Ǿ
I'm a uni student (ryerson) so constantly looking for a good deal when it comes to breakfast and Mutual st. by and far delivers on not only value but quality as well. Over the past 3 years I've been coming here regularly, the family treats you as one of their own - server is very friendly and constantly making sure everything is perfect. Only reservation is when it gets packed (and it does quite a bit) the servers are stretched thin and often forget to tend to you. Other than that flawless food in a homey place!Ǿ
I don't think I'd travel across town for their food, but I'd definitely detour a few blocks to find this place. The exterior looks like it hasn't been updated in decades, and I guess neither has the interior. 
The server was quick and really friendly, and the place half-filled after I sat down. The two-egg vegetarian omelette I ordered showed up well within my impatience-zone, and the coffee was always getting topped up. I liked the orange peppers and mushrooms in the omelette. Some places add spinach, which makes it watery, but this omelette was light and fresh. The side potatoes were good too, and when I asked for some peanut butter for the toast it came in a little dixie cup, which was cute.
Coffee with an omelette, potatoes, toast and tax came to less than $9, which was a good deal.Ǿ
I have heard from many of my colleagues that this place is an institution so I had to give it a try. After one visit and I knew exactly why; reliable, good tasting food, good service at an affordable price.

I went with their rotisserie chicken and it was quite delicious. The chicken was flavourful and tender for the most part (except the breast but that's expected). Last but not least, the skin was nice and crispy. The fries were nice and crispy and salad is a pretty decent side salad.

I have not had their breakfast as it doesn't seem all that appealing to me. With so many breakfast options in downtown, this is definitely not one of the places I am dying to try.

So if you're in the area and hungry try out their chicken. The portions are quite large for what you pay for.Ǿ
I work in the area and have tried out the food several times. Portions are large, taste is so-so. 
What ruined it for me was the service. On one occasion I saw the owner speaking quite rudely to a homeless person who walked in to buy food. On another occasion I came in about 10:30am to review documents with my partner over breakfast. There was only one other table with people in the restaurant but they wouldn't give us a booth because of the "lunch rush". It was 10:30. And then later they took away my partner's plate quickly without asking, when he hadn't even finished eating. Now I only ever consider getting take-out, and only as a last resort.Ǿ
Great throwback to a comfy small town dinner setting. Great place to get a smoked meat sandwich and they have surprising good Greek food. Worth checking out if you are in the immediate area and you want something low-key.Ǿ
This place is very-much so you get what you see.  It's a diner, and that's exactly what you get.  That being said,the entirely reasonable prices, large portions, and friendly service keep me coming back.  The breakfasts are simple but well done, your coffee cup will never hit empty, and the servers are incredibly friendly.   I would recommend either the basic breakfast (eggs, toast, hash browns, bacon sausage or ham) or the club (if you have a small appetite you can probably make two meals out of it).  The restaurant is clean, the service is fast, and the prices are entirely reasonable.  If you need a quick breakfast and live near Yonge and Dundas, this place should definitely be one of your staples.Ǿ
Staying at the Comfort Suites, and being extremely lazy, makes this the optimum spot for breakfast, lunch or some sort of combination of them both if you tend to sleep on the late side.  As mentioned before, you can get egg breakfast all day which is pretty nice but then you start to say "hmm that lunch thing that person got looks quite good" and can cause a bit of a drawn out food decision process.

There's a couple different rooms, so it's not as small as it looks when you first walk in.  The staff there has never been anything but fantastic.

They even have a little smoking cage accessible from one of the dining rooms that some find to be a nice touch.

I'm pretty sure we would all come here all three mornings the majority of RPS pros are in town, if not for the fact that they are closed on Sundays.Ǿ
This is an institution.  The type that no one mentions.   It isn't ironically outdated in a strip that's become super hip and therefore some sort of hipster leaning post with average food and a herd of gentle beards.  Mutual street deli is old, family owned, and has old boys that have churned out 2 million deli sandwiches, omelets, and pancake breakfast over decades. The people are nice, the service is fast, and it's real, diner and deli food.  Get some. The only negative is some days there is a waft of urinal cakes near certain seats.Ǿ
I live in the neighborhood & have been here on several accounts. The food is alright however the cleanliness is absolute disgusting. If you are looking for a greasy spoon, look no further.Ǿ
This place is wonderful. It's completely unpretentious and the waitresses are so nice (in their own motherly way)! This diner really has that old school charm that is really hard to find in Toronto. They are always packed, but you never wait long. The coffee keeps coming and it's a great place to go for a late lazy breakfast on Sundays.

I haven't even gotten to the food yet. I am always one to try new things, but every time I go here, I order the Melt. It's basically a mix of potatoes, Montreal Smoked Meat, cheese, and deliciousness, topped with eggs however you want them. All of the ingredients are fresh! I can't get enough, I don't even mind the roll home.