Good Pizza! Good Wings! Good Sandwiches! Good Service! Full Bar! Lot's of TVs! Need I say more? We will continue to vist 2-3 times a month.

My only complaint is; when it gets busy, service slows down considerably.Ǿ
Order: 10 BBQ wings, 10 garlic Parmesan extra side of sauce. They mess it up ever SINGLE time. I check for sauce before I leave and always need to ask again for sauce. My husband picked it up tonight and didn't ask at pickup and didn't get it. Not to mention they only gave up 9 BBQ and 12 GP. Come on guys! Give a shit!Ǿ
We're in town visiting family from California and were in need of a late dinner. We really wanted to eat somewhere we couldn't go to at home and in the words of our 7 year old... "this may be my favorite restaurant ever".

Everything we tried was delicious, great burgers, amazing baked beef dip, the pasta bowl was so good and the kids ravioli was great. We also tried the appetizer sampler and the mozzarella sticks, fried zucchini, and the potato skins were delicious- and the onion rings were so good we ordered another batch. Kayli was our server and she was awesome! We will definitely be coming here when we're in town again!Ǿ
I was a regular when I lived in Litchfield Park, and was pleased to see Tailgaters open in Surprise. Consistently good pizza, and the kitchen staff pays attention to details like ordering a pie well-done or "crispy." Wings are good, & so are the salads. They serve pizza & wings until 02:00 on Fri & Sat, so keep them in mind. Few places are open late, this close to Sun City.

They play country music most of the time and, unlike the Litchfield Park location, it's not just to persuade you to put money in the jukebox. It's what the regulars like. I like to put Dead Weather on the jukebox, to instill a better vibe. Or Dead Kennedys. It's an Internet-connected jukebox, so lots of choices. Also, they had a  really good DJ on a recent Saturday night (late), playing some very creative mixes. Stayed almost til closing, just for the tunes.Ǿ
The food was average to above average. We got the calzone and the baked sub. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer; it probably would have tasted better if it had come out hot.

Service rivaled the worst I've ever had. We waited about 20 minutes for an appetizer only to have our food come out five minutes afterwards. Our waitress, Missy, checked on us twice. To get my water refilled I had to stop and ask Missy personally and she still neglected to refill my wife's drink, which was also completely empty. We would go back if I go back if we could get the food and avoid the wait staff.Ǿ
Went in to see Cubs/ Mets play off game. Very comfortable atmosphere. Chicken wings were excellent. The pizza was just OK. The service with Brashad was excellent.Ǿ
Came here today at 1:40pm and we're seated quickly.  That was 5 stars. From there it went south. No server yet and it is 2:03pm. Had to go to the bar to grab a beer. Finished said beer and still no service. I guess this is a place where you bring your own food and enjoy the AC. The AC by the way is good. Can't speak for the service or food. It's now been 20 minutes and still no service. I'm out of here!Ǿ
My husband & I met at Tailgater's on a Friday late afternoon. We spied space at the bar. We really wanted to sit and relax, have a beer together. Quiet a few waiters hurrying past  us. Not a one stopped to take an order. Finally one guy did. Then he disappeared for what it seemed like forever. 20 minutes maybe. But the taps are right there.All we wanted was a beer. I had to flag down another waiter and ask if they could fill our order. The place was busy very loud and noisy. NOT a place to go to relax. Beer was not even very cold. They need to upgrade their cooling system.  We were out the door asap. Never to return. We are looking for another place to enjoy a COLD beer and be able to hear one another.Ǿ
Wife and I have eaten here a few times now. First time was take out and was decent. Went in for lunch one day and got the wings and ap sampler. Wings were better than average, appetizer sampler was pretty weak. Seemed frozen mostly. Went back for sandwiches and those were great. Went back in for wings and a burger and can't believe it was the same place. Wings were awful! The BBQ burger was so bad I could not eat it. Sauce is all wrong, burger was green inside (literally, the meat was green colored) and the onion rings on top were complete mush. Fries were inedible as well. Not sure what happened but not sure I'll go back. The Italian sub is good (really small though) but I will never get wings or a burger again. With the competition in the same parking lot you can't afford to serve food that is that bad!Ǿ
Ok, the food is good. I got a meatball sub, it was really good. The husband got pizza and we all liked it. My girls got Mac and cheese which was standard Kraft Mac and cheese. The service is horrendous. They've got 16 year old girls at the front of house with no management or direction whatsoever. Totally unfriendly. When we walked it the two girls at the front didn't even attempt to look up and greet us. We were with another couple so there was a total of 4 adults and 3 kiddos. We waited 30 minutes to be seated. Once we ordered everyone's food came at different times. I usually wouldn't really mind this as we lived in Japan 3 1/2 years and getting food as its prepared and not all at once is standard there... That's not how this was though. First they gave us someone else's kids meal... Both my girls ordered mac and cheese and they both came at different times & I mean different times by 20 minutes different. My food came next.... My husbands pizza was last to come along with my friends meatball sub (yes we both ordered a meatball sub and mine came about 30 minutes prior to hers) By the time my friend and my husband got their food everyone was done eating. Four different staff members delivered our plates... Our waitress checked on us once during the visit at which time we complained.  Of course after that she made sure to check on us and blame it all on kitchen staff. We mentioned the rudeness at front of house as well. Like I said horrible, horrible management.Ǿ
I know there are some who say on here this place has slow service especially on a Friday night - we went and it was crowded as usual for a Friday night but we only waited 25 mins for a table and our service was great.  Our server Jennifer was excellent and food was also.  This is a great place to hang.... decent prices and great selections. We'll be back for sure!Ǿ
If you're looking for a great place to get drunk and watch the game, this is a perfect option. However, if you're looking for a place to eat, I'd pass in tailgaters. I had the turkey avocado wrap, which honestly tasted like mayonnaise, while my family shared their appetizer sampler, which looked less than impressive quality wise. I would label their cuisine as "drunk food" in the sense that it's so heavy and fried that it will soak up whatever you've put inǾ
I called in a delivery for a large pizza and 20 wings at 11 am.  I was told delivery driver doesn't show up til 12, and it would be out the door at 12.  Driver shows up at 12:50.  Time stamp on pizza box shows pizza was finished and ready at 11:55 am.  So my food sat in the delivery truck for almost an hour and it looked and tasted just like it.  This was my first and last time eating here.

P.S.  If your driver has so many deliveries that it takes an hour for food to show up to someone down the list, break up the orders so everyone gets their food while its remotely warm.

UPDATE:  Gave them one last chance since my dad liked all the options on the menu.  Food again showed up late and was sort of warm.  Theres this amazing place called Barros who does great pizza and wings, and they actually know how to get food to you while its hot.  Id try them.Ǿ
I enjoy coming here and think the service and food is good! It's especially best to go to Tailgaters during football season to watch the games and eat Pizza!!! In my opinion I think it's the best sports bar in Surprise.Ǿ
Awesome food and great service.  New to the area and we have already found a place to take the family on Wednesday's.   My kids loved the karaoke AND ate all of their food!Ǿ
Great place. We decided to stop upon recommendation from a friend and happened to be here for Happy Hour, which is Monday-Friday from 10:30 -7. The food was good and the drinks great, with prices that for once didn't make me frown. $3.50 margaritas and Long Island iced Teas, $2.25 domestic draft, $3.75 wine and every day there's an extra drink and food special. Good atmosphere and friendly staff made this a pleasant visit and we'll definitely be back!Ǿ
We are so happy that tailgaters can choose Surprise az,
 Love the food, love the pizzas, and wings, but sometimes we feel like we're invisible. The daytime service is not fast enough.  We eat there several times a month.  

If the servers could pay just a little more attention to those who want to get their checks and leave that would be great.  We will be back!Ǿ
If you're looking for an affordable restaurant where your whole family is welcome...stop by tailgaters!

Great food, huge beer selection, great happy hour prices and most importantly superb customer service. This is my "Cheers" bar. 

You'll always be greeted with a smile and the GM will stop by your table and make sure you have a great experience. Family friendly environmentǾ
This is probably one of the restaurants I drive by most, but have never stopped. The parking lot is always full so taking that as a sign of great food my family and I decided to check it out.  We were seated right away which was awesome, but it took over 10 minutes to get a waitress to even take a drink order. Once she finally came we didn't want to take the chance of waiting forever to get our actual order taken we ordered our food then as well. I will say the food came out quickly, the waitress also became more available, and the food was amazing. We ordered a large pepperoni pizza, hot wings, while my kids ordered a cheeseburger and spaghetti and meatballs. The pizza was gone quick as well as the entire burger. The hot wings were perfect without too much extra sauce which I like! My younger son was not a fan of the spaghetti,  and that didn't look too appealing to me either, but he's a picky eater. I'd give this place another shot. I'd have given five if the server was more attentive.Ǿ
We came here on a Saturday afternoon. I got the veggies with homemade ranch (I love ranch). And the boytoy got a double bacon cheeseburger. He said it was absolutely amazing! And he adores cheeseburgers. So I believe him. My veggies and ranch were exactly what I wanted. Don't worry, I had French fries too. And they were so good! I like to pretend I'm healthy while I drink excessively... haha... so the beer was cold, the food we had was great, and the service and atmosphere were great! We will be back for sure. Ps. They brought our beers in about 15 seconds? It was amazing!Ǿ
Delivery,
Not Hot, lukewarm and only 4 miles from this location. 

We thought we would give this location a try.  Because we had great service and food from a Prescott Valley Tailgaters, delivery only 5 miles away.

  Wrong the fried zucchini was soggy and mushy, container only had 15 pieces, Waste of $6.99 for this item.  From other location container was almost full and crispy great taste. 

20 wings parmesan dry rub, is what we ordered. Came  hot parmesan dry rub 1 1/2 cups (yes sitting on the bottom of the container) over cooked, skin of the wing was hard and dried out. Ugh waste of $16.50

Bacon burger was ok, husband said. Not Hot!

Delivery was good timing quoted 1 hr 40 min, driver came 1 hr 30 min. Very nice person. 

Watch out on delivery,  Dining in is probably better!!
Good luck if you do delivery.Ǿ
We Love Tailgaters! It's our go-to place! The food is always great and the people are super friendly! Perfect for watching the game, date night, and it's family friendly too! We love it!!!!!Ǿ
We started using tailgaters again most recently. I have to say Services got considerably better. We've tried their pizza and wings and both are very very good. And the good thing is that they have a wide menu and deliver until late hours.Ǿ
Although I live within walking distance, I always passed on Tailgaters. Not sure I had a good reason, other than I was used to going to other local bars to watch the UFC fights, and didn't have a good reason to switch it up. Until one night when one bar was full and the other wasn't showing them. We stumbled on Tailgaters, which I didn't even know showed the fights.  No cover, seats readily available on the patio, discounts on food, reasonable drink prices. Win/win/win/win.  I have since been back, and it's now my first choice to go watch fights.

1. Service: above average, even on really busy nights we never felt like we had to search for our waitress.
2. Food: Well, it's bar food, so keep that in mind. We tried the baked ziti (bland, bleh), the buffalo wrap (tasted good, was horribly messy to eat) and the Chicken Parmesan baked sub (which I would get again). Being primarily a bar/pizza place, I probably have to try the burgers and pizza first to give the final word on the food.
3. Atmosphere: Lots and lots and lots of TVs. Perfect for watching sports. 
4. Pricing: Completely reasonable. 

4/5 so far. If the burgers and pizza are really good, that would probably earn another half star or so.Ǿ
Finally!!! After almost 4 years, have found an excellent white pizza!! No big globs of ricotta, well blended and crust was just right. Nice and garlicky, the way it should be!!Ǿ
The baked Italian sandwich was basically a hot pocket in quality except my crust was burnt. Decent but not worth the price. Great service though.Ǿ
We had a mess up on our order and the manager was amazing !!!!!! He went above and beyond to make the experience amazing i never give 5 stars but the food is also really good. Pizza is better than any other in the neighborhoodǾ
Worst service ever.  Short brunette was such a #?@#! and got off work and got so trashed we watched her do this to some customers after. Two out of two times we had her I guess were just unlucky like that. Think her name was Kimma. Our food was messed up both times and the manager seemed  to not really care.Ugh this place is not somewhere my husband or I will ever visit again.Ǿ
I have enjoyed the pizza from Tailgaters on a few occasions now and have been pleased with the quality and taste. Tonight, however, we were in the mood for something a little different, but still didn't want to leave the house.  We placed a delivery order for one spaghetti pasta bowl with meatballs, one house special calzone, 10 hot wings, and a piece of cheesecake.  The order was placed at 4:20 and the estimated delivery was 5:00.  Our food did not show up until 5:48, which was pretty disappointing.  The calzone was not even warm at this point, and they had forgotten the meatballs for the spaghetti.  We called and spoke to the manager who offered to send out the meatballs.... (And wait another 1.5 hours?  No thanks!)  In the end he apologized for the inconvenience, and made a note in their system to comp our next order.  From here on out we will be sticking to pizza.  Oh... And skip the cheesecake... I'm pretty sure it is just a defrosted piece of the one they sell in the freezer aisle at Walmart.