I think overall we had a great experience. I am new to the sushi world and therefor very picky about what I eat and where it comes from. My fiance's mom and dad also went with us. They have a resident sushi place in GIlbert and we were urging them to try this place. All I can say is that ALL of our expectations were met. The sushi was fantastic! The staff were so kind and polite. We went during happy hour and choose not to purchase the groupon. My favorite roll that our chef made was the Vegas roll, which surprised me because I am usually not a fan of them. I can guarantee you we will be back here again!笑
For what we had there -  all you can eat Korean BBQ - the food was very mediocre. 

For the casual consumer of Asian cuisine in the States, this place will be sufficient in giving insight into Korean BBQ. However, if you are more familiar with the flavors and selection that ordering "Korean BBQ" provides, then you will be met with great disappointment ordering this at this establishment. We ordered at least one round of every meat available (Bulgogi, beef brisket, pork shoulder, pork belly, spicy chicken, spicy pork). The only acceptable tasting meat was the Bulgogi. Everything else was a struggle to finish, and not because we were not hungry. The pork shoulder and belly were presented cut too thick for a traditional k-BBQ presentation. The spicy marinade for the chicken and pork was very bland. The brisket was also too tough to even cut with the cheap cutlery provided. The two possibilities here are that either 1) the cook simply over cooked everything to a complete crisp (we were not allowed to cook the meat on the teppan grill ourselves) or 2) the meat was purchased from the Fry's next door and literally taken out of the freezer and thrown onto the grill without marinade (and then still over cooked). I'm leaning towards the latter. Even with the bulgogi, the marinade tasted like it was not prepared fresh; it tasted like the pre prepared marinade available for purchase at the local Asian supermarket. Oh, and frustratingly, you are slapped with a long list of rules to follow (I e two hour limit, no leftovers or you pay $15, etc) while they try to stuff you with "free salad" and a pathetic excuse for a kimchi pancake before slowly and begrudgingly bringing the meat out. Honestly for the price of $21+ per person, with the flavors and quality of the meat, this is not worth it. In fact as I write this review, I'm inclined to say even for the casual consumer this place is not worth it for korean BBQ.

Again, I write commenting only on their all you can eat BBQ, without having tried their sushi or anything else. 

For good korean BBQ in Arizona, try Takamatsu.笑
I have eaten here quite a bit and the food is very good and today was no exception.   They have a new option of having black rice instead of white rice in the sushi rolls as a healthy alternative--a nice surprise.  The service, as usual, was very good.  There are lots of choices in town when it comes to sushi but this one is always on the top of my list.  Next time, I plan to try the teppanyaki.  I also liked the fact that you could view the food being made on one of the many TVs mounted throughout the place. The bf had a noodle bowl -- not my cup of tea but he seemed to like it and followed it by a chocolate ice cream chaser with whipped cream on top.笑
I can't recommend this place enough! The service was great, the flavor and quality of the meat was superior! The one thing that was jot as good as I had hoped, but is not enough to take a star, was the brisket. It was somewhat tough, but not unbearable and it pales in comparison to the rest of the restaurant's offerings. All of the meats, save the brisket, are marinated and seasoned expertly to deliver the best flavor at the best value! Ate myself sick/5 would return and bring more friends!笑
The cucumber water was a very nice touch. Try the Tuna Poke!笑
Fantastic sushi! The cut rolls look amazing (especially the Dragon roll). I have a few friends that live nearby and we all love going here. I've heard their Korean BBQ is amazing...But I haven't tried it yet. Soon.笑
We just went here for the first time on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, with a groupon. The prices were very reasonable. Our server was attentive and we didn't have to wait for anything. We got 3 different rolls, and they were all fantastic. We finished our meal off with the green tea tempura ice cream. Upon finishing our meal, the sushi chef asked us if we enjoyed everything, which is always a nice touch. My husband and I are excited to go back; they also have great happy hour specials!!笑
Took advantage of the Happy Hour deals and glad we did.  Sampled a little of almost every category on the menu.  Fantabulous.  
Becca Roll, Dragon Roll, Unagi Sashimi, Calamari Steak, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, and Green Tiger cocktails.  Delicious.
We will be back -hopefully again soon.笑
We went for lunch on a Saturday, so very, VERY quiet.  Service was quick and staff was extremely pleasant.  Very nice, clean, inviting interior.  On one of their many large-screen they show the sushi chefs hard at work, preparing the fish.  Menu was pretty extensive, but more "hipster" I guess you could say, rather than being more traditional.  Tempura platter was very delicious.  The sushi & rolls were sort of on the small side--which was good, I guess, based on the price, but that forced me to keep ordering more and more in an effort to get full.  1 hour later we reached max fill and paid $60 with tip for 2 people, no drinks.  Everything was delicious, but I was hungry again 3 hours later.  I thought this was a very well-done, classy place, and if I were younger and more "hip" (do they even say that anymore?) I might go there for happy hour now and again.  For a boring, old married couple just trying to get full at a decent price, however, it doesn't really fit the bill.笑
My new fave sushi spot!!! BEST HH specials!!!笑
The food and service were great. The Viva Las Vegas roll was excellent. I was a little disappointed with the Philly roll, very smokey tasting with too much cream cheese.笑
I was looking for a new sushi place closer to our house. I had found a groupon for I Sushi and I figured we should try it out. As we entered, there were full tables and people all over the restaurant. I knew that it had to be good for the amount of people who were there. We had amazing service. He made our first visit very easy and went over all of the menu items that were popular and what his go to items were. We were delighted with all of our choices. Great food and service. Looks like we found a new place closer to our house and really great happy hour prices as well! Win win for everyone. We had sushi but there are also teppan tables and if you haven't had a chance to watch and be entertained, you need to go!笑
Best sushi in town!! Super spacious. Great for happy hour with the guys or a romantic dinner with the girl.  Plenty of tv's to catch the game on weekends. Check or the happy hour specials! I had the bull roll which was a play on surf and turf.  Bulgogi and crab in one roll!  How does life get any better!笑
Came here tonight with a groupon for sushi and loved it! Please get the Poke Roll!!! You probably will have to eat it with a fork but that's just fine!!! So unique and prob the best roll of my life! Also loved the Sunshine and Arizona Rolls! Great Happy Hour drink prices. $4 Ginger martini was great and I was so happy the waitress made me a Moscow Mule that wasn't on menu. Great service and we will be back!!! :)笑
This place was absolutely amazing .we did not do the teppan.but as far as sushi goes it was the the Bomb dot com笑
Just bought a groupon showed up at the location to use - thru are no longer doing teppan at the tables. They have changed it to all you can eat Korean there.   Glad I was able to cancel my groupon :)笑
We purchased a Groupon and used it for a Thursday lunch at 12:30. We arrived and were greeted and seated, looking around the there was only 1 table of 2 other than us the entire time we were there. The sushi bar chef no where to be seen, until we placed our sushi order. Humm, feeling a little apprehensive at this point, we did order and went for the "Big Magoo"

We had the Tuna Poke, Salmon nigiri, Smelt Egg sushi, Uni sushi, Spicy Tuna Hand Roll, and an Eel Roll. All the food we ordered was good, way too heavy on the sushi rice though.

Service was excellent, food was good, atmosphere was good except for being totally empty. I can't say I would make a special trip to be back unless we were in the area again.笑
The food tasted really good and with the groupon the price was alright. But it took over an hour from seating time to when the teppan chef (there was only one for the whole restaurant on a Saturday) arrived at our table. And it was the most boring cooking "show" I've ever seen. No extras at all. He basically cooked in front of us. He even had a train whistle in his cart and never used it even though there were kids at our table. 

The food was great but the teppan show was poor.笑
Went for happy hour last night. Four rolls and two drinks for 35.00 tax and tip what a deal! Love this place笑
First time trying this place last night and I loved it. Went around 6 and the place was completely empty, within 15 minutes it began to fill up so I must have gone at the perfect time. They have great and inexpensive happy hour deals, including food and drinks. The service was very fast, but it was odd because every dish came out separately. While you wait for your food you can watch the sushi chef make all the rolls fresh, something I've never seen before. I tried the Vegas roll that was full of flavor and lightly fried. I also had the Arizona roll and it was kind of hot, but I really liked it. I was disappointed by the choices of flavored sake, but went with the pomegranate and really enjoyed the flavor. Overall, this place was fantastic and has delicious sushi!笑
Came here the other night with my boyfriend and we got there right for happy hour ! The happy hour rolls were really cheap and we got 4 out of the 5 rolls off that. We also got a order of Gyoza .The rolls where really good but I felt like they where a little on the small side. The beefy roll was so good with the red forbidden rice they do ! Also  whole bill was only 33$ for 6 things! 
They are also doing all you can eat Korean bbq now which looked so good and I can't wait to come try that next time.  Hopefully it's awesome so that can be our new Korean bbq place!笑
Been here two times. First time we used a groupon and had the teppanyaki table and food was great. Drinks were awesome and flavorful and so was the food. They were very attentive. However we had a reservation but needed to wait to have our table fill up for them to start.  Once we had it filled up the great good and service made up. Prices are reasonable. 

Second trip was also a great time. All of their rolls didn't disappoint and everyone walked out full. The bull roll was cool. We would go back just need to see when a groupon offer comes out.笑
The Las Vegas roll was by far the best sushi I've ever had. The service was perfect with a great family feel.笑
The fried rice was excellent, but the $1 happy hour salmon nigiri was a bit worrisome. there were brown spots on the side of all of the salmon.笑
my wife & i went here thanks to a groupon. it's in our neighborhood so we thought it would be good to try out. it turns out that groupon was a great investment.

it's easy to compare I Sushi & Teppan to Benihana. it's the same type of restaurant. Except IS&T is more casual. and more relaxed. Our server was friendly and on top of our orders. We sat at one of the grilling tables. Our chef, Chu, was fantastic. He had some great tricks during his performance that included big flames of fire twice. The food he made for us was wonderfully seasoned and tasted fresh.  

The fried rice was great. There were plenty of vegetables with it and it was almost a meal to itself. I ordered the steak for my meal. When Chu thought it was cooked to my liking, he gave me a small piece to taste test. I thought this was a nice touch. Good customer service. He had it right the first time and I enjoyed every bite. 

We plan on going again, with or without a groupon.笑
Jin's Dragon Roll was absolutely amazing! Overall, the sushi was phenomenal, except our server Melissa was quite terrible. Not only did she "forget" to bring us our complementary miso soup, but she also brought us our check early even though we did not receive all of our food yet. It is such a shame that the restaurant is being ruined by inadequate servers like MELISSA. Because of her, I will never be back again!笑
Thee best service hands down..happy hour is the best. Came in today for a drink and a couple rolls. The first drink I ordered was too strong of tequila so I asked to have a different drink and it was brought right away.
The sushi rolls were perfect and my friend and I left very satisfied. Love you I Sushi. Yes I am still a little buzzed so thank you.笑
The bull roll was like whaaaaaaaatttt amazing. The service was incredible as well and everything was very clean and precise... Exactly how Japanese food should be. This was a great spot for a quiet date and it was quiet on the weekdays so might be good for meetings as well. It looks a little weird from the outside but the inside is nice.笑
I went here on my birthday. I made a reservation there were 12 of us. There was only one other table and the service was awful. Not to mention it was 118 degrees that day and the swamp cooler was broken. They finally over a hour in got us a fan. I was only notified that there was an issue with the cooling system because I asked them to turn up the air. They didn't even give me and my niece. It was her bday too a free ice-cream for our trouble. Terrible experience. That was on June 29th. I had been there 3 other times and the service was ok but the food was good. I gave them another shot and went to dinner there last Friday. They  took forever (20 mins) just to bring me water and the cook didn't come out for over a hour and 10 mins. Not to mention they seated a table with people that came in 30 mins after us and they had a chef cooking their food a good 20 mins before us. Which I brought to their attention. The problem is how they run the floor. The waiter has to take orders, make all the drinks. he has to do everything. They need a bartender. Also since there were only 3 of us we were seated with other people. The waiter would bring our drinks and not even take their order. He took our sushi order and didn't even take theirs but we had both filled out our forms. I got so annoyed I ended up eating my sushi and just saying bring me the bill. After 2 hours and the food not even being cooked I just couldn't do it.  The food is good, the price is right but the service is terrible.笑
Came here for the first time today and everything was amazing, the bull roll was phenomenal! They have an great selection of saki, which I happen to have a tasting of. If your looking for really good sushi at a great price definitely try it out笑
Ate here last night and loved it! Sushi was fresh and greatly portioned. Sushi Chef and owner Jin, visited our table and provided excellent recommendations and shared his knowledge with us about sushi. Atmosphere (decor, music, and service) was amazing... Will definitely become a regular!笑
I Sushi & Teppan is a great spot for high quality sushi, sashimi, and some of the best rolls around! The Sunshine Roll is delicious! It is probably one of the best rolls I have ever had in my life. If you are looking for great sushi and friendly staff, this place is a must for any sushi enthusiast. You also won't 'break the bank' for food and drinks like at other trendy social hangouts like RA.笑
I came here with a deal chicken deal for about half off of our meal.  Their menu is pretty affordable and noticed that the Teppan menu is half off which makes it very affordable.  The staff was very friendly.  Classic Teppanyaki presentation, fire, egg tricks, and onion volcanoes.  The rice was bland and could have used a little more garlic butter.  The shrimp was good, but the chicken was overcooked and very dry (at least it was edible with the sauces).  I referred to this place as Beni on a budget.  If you want to experience Teppan for a good price, check this place out for happy hour.  I doubt you will be disappointed.  If you are feeling a little less frugal you might want to go ahead and go to the big chain where the flavors are quite a bit better, but quite a bit more expensive.  Overall a pretty good experience.笑
Had a Groupon and decided to try this place. We enjoyed all the sushi, service was great and has a nice atmosphere to enjoy dinner conversation. We'll be back, for sure!笑
Price is good, food is delicious and great service.  Happy hour menu need to be more clear.笑
There was a terrible smell when we entered,  like backed up sewer.  The food was average. The desserts large but not tasty.  I would've given 3 stars for average in everything,  except for that smell笑
I live down the street, and I'd been wanting to try the place for a little while.  I went here with my girlfriend on a Sunday afternoon, and we had an excellent experience.  The staff and service were top notch.  The food was terrific (my girlfriend has a more refined palate than I do, and if she says it's good, it's good).  I recall that they came under new management not long ago, and it struck me that this current regime really wants to make a positive impression, because everyone was very nice, and the food and beverage was perfect - no complaints.  They even gave us a voucher for a free appetizer, for the next time we came in.  In fact, I got a take out order a few weeks later.  I'm glad that there's a good sushi place in my neighborhood.笑
We went here late on a Saturday night (I think around 8?) because we had purchased the groupon.  We were sat right away as there were only two groups having Teppan and one table having sushi.  Our server greeted us right away and brought us cucumber water which was delicious.  We ordered Edamame while we looked over the menu.  The Edamame came out pretty quickly and was a huge portion of freshness with just the right amount of salt.  Once we had a few questions the server panicked because it was her second day, but she brought someone over right away who knew exactly what we were asking.  We ordered 3 rolls and they were all super fresh and delicious.  The portions are huge and I was sure the two of us wouldn't be able to eat it all!!  We drink a lot of water which normally annoys waitstaff, but they kept filling it promptly.  Overall, I was impressed and will go back even without a groupon.  Would like to try their happy hour!  My only complaint would have to be their menu's on the website.  They are just too small to really read...笑
Great little hidden gem. Food and service are great! Ridiculously cheap happy hour!笑
1.  Food is great - consistently great !
2.  Service is inconsistent.  If you can get over that part and know your food is great, then its ok.   I really wish they would get their act together in staffing and service. 

Each time we come in we try something different, this time I was going to order my regular seafood salad and ordered something else by mistake OMG it was soo good ! You can't go wrong with the food here.  Sushi is FAB and you definitely cannot complain about happy hour pricing.    

Just a comment, I'd never sit for the Teppanyaki, the groups are always waiting and it seems like they get addressed last.笑
irashaimase!! 
welcome to i sushi & teppan!! 

we were seated at a teppanyaki table and waited a few minutes before our server came back to get our drink orders. joe was very friendly and very efficient in his job. 

i had read a few excellent reviews before choosing i sushi (we also had a groupon). we were celebrating our 4th wedding anniversary and wanted to do something different. 

what i didn't realize (and i should have because now i remember it being mentioned in another review) was that you share your teppanyaki table with other guests. we were seated with four other people, which was fine, but made it a little awkward.

the husband got the poke bowl (recommended by jolly m) and he absolutely loved it. the taste reminded him of poke from home (hawaii). this is something that we can't get out here in the desert on a regular basis. also ordered edamame which was steamed and seasoned with salt. 

for the teppan i got a filet mignon dish. daniel was our teppan chef. he was friendly and very entertaining. he has been cooking for over 7 years. very skilled and talented. it was a pleasure watching him cook! 

another thing i got a kick out of was that they have a live feed of their sushi chef preparing sushi behind the bar. you can watch this on a television from across the room. sushi itself is such a beautiful art! 

if we lived in chandler (we're now living in tucson) we'd probably come here more often! would definitely come back and recommend to people. 

   arigato gozaimasu i sushi & teppan!!笑
Gotta love Groupon....Sometimes. This time, the buzz wasn't ready for the flood of people. They were too slammed for their own good. Service WAY SLOW. Wrong stuff delivered, but we were too hungry to care!! Our neighborhood sushi joint couldn't handle the pressure, but, we will still be back...笑
3 hours for AYCE kbbq! There was 4 in my group but the portions were only enough for 1 person. Not to mention it took 3 hours for everything to be served. Good meat and food. Slow service. Not worth the $30 I spent for dinner. I was full by the end of the night even though I barely ate. Tip was included in our bill because apparently Columbus Day is a national holiday ..... Hmmmm.笑
Awful. Sushi came out really fast and was exceedingly so-so. Then, we waited. And waited. And waited for the rest of our order. About 30 minutes later, we had to ask for the manager, who said: "If you can't wait for your food, you can leave." We left, NEVER going back. Suggest you go elsewhere too to a avoid what we experienced. Seriously, the worst.笑
We ordered the tuna tempora, tuna Poki roll and the big roll. The tuna rolls were delishious especially the tuna Poki!!! I think that is the best roll I've ever had.

The service is outstanding and they have a tv screen showing the sushi chef creating your rolls!

When we left everyone was kind and thanked us for our patronage.笑
Came here with coworkers today and saw the dreaded 8.5 x 11 in the window that usually means NOPE, YOU AIN'T EATIN' HERE TODAY BIOTCHES!. There was some cryptic legalese all over it - all I caught was the word "lease" mentioned a number of times and we realized that we better think of another lunch destination ASAP. So save your gas, time, energy, etc - this place is no longer a contender for your sushi and Korean food dollars!笑
We go here every few weeks; it's one of our favorite restaurants in town.  The staff is so friendly. Service is usually pretty quick, though if it's super busy it gets a tad slow.  These guys have had Groupons quite a few times this year, so that gives you a good opportunity to try the place out.  Happy hour has some good specials.

There isa sushi cam so you can watch the sushi chef make your food for you, and if you are vegetarian there are a few different roll options for you (cucumber, vegetable, avocado).  The mochi is tasty, and they have lots of sakis to choose from.  The Viva Las Vegas roll is awesome too (per my partner - it's his favorite).笑
Not very impressed. I only order Nigiri so my opinion is based on that alone. I lived in Japan for 3 years so I do know a little about sushi. I ordered mackerel, shrimp, snapper, snow crab, salmon and tuna.

Overall the pieces lacked flavor. The shrimp was overly sweet, the mackerel and snow crab dry. The pieces of fish were on the small side from most places I've been to. So much so it caught me by surprise.

It was okay, but I know many better places.笑
I came here for the 2nd time last night and once again everything was above and beyond by the amazing sushi chef. Sat at the sushi bar and was given a sample of the black rice that is supposedly a lot healthier and boy did it taste like the white rice but maybe even better! Probably one of my favorite spots for sushi because you can truly taste the love and effort put into each dish! 5 stars*****笑
In this Valley of the Sun where there is no shortage of sushi restaurants to try, I Sushi and Teppan really distinguishes itself. It is a Korean Sushi fusion. 

We came here with a Living Social deal, and so glad we did.  I will definitely return. Some highlights:

The staff are super friendly and present. They have electronic name tags. Our server was Aurora. She was very attentive. And informational. She suggested we try "black rice" on some of our rolls,  which we did and it was so yummy. Turns out black rice (which is actually purply in color) is considered a super food. We also ordered the Bull Roll. So delish! They top the roll with Korean beef and wrap it in foil, set roll in dish with vodka around it which they light on fire and the flames surround the outside of foil and heat the roll to delicious perfection. We ordered several other rolls which were tasty. The wasabi is a little weak. I like it strong. I will definitely be back here. I thought the prices were average and appropriate for the quality.  I can't wait to go back!笑
If I could give it no stars I would but that's not an option. Worst sushi I've ever eaten. Maybe they were having a bad night or got a bad fish. Horrible. We ate two pieces each out of 5 rolls ask for a box ticket to go and throw it away.笑
I was given a voucher for Christmas for I Sushi so I came with my daughter to try the teppan.  I am a big fan of this style and I like a good show to go with the meal.

We arrived, were seated by ourselves at a teppan station, and had our orders taken.  Ten minutes later a man and his daughter joined us.  Ten minutes later another couple joined us.  Sadly, this meant my daughter and I had to wait almost 40 minutes until we were served our soup and salad.

Then meal for all of us was cooked together but had only a few instances of flash (pun intended).  Egg on a spatula, onion volcano, and a few instances of flambe.  The taste of the meal was very good and all seemed happy with their choices.  One big flaw was that I ordered steak and shrimp, but was only served steak.  A quick  
report of the oversite and the shrimp was cooked quickly and served up.

Not a bad meal, but perhaps overpriced for what you get.  If I have the opportunity to get another voucher I'd try again.  Without one, I'd be reluctant.笑
By far my favorite sushi spot. Everything was fantastic. Asked our waitress for recommendations and everything was spot on! Staff is knowledgeable and very friendly. The sushi chefs take such pride in their rolls. They are almost to pretty to eat. Black rice is the way to go.  I live in north phoenix and make the 45min trip JUST for their food. You HAVE to try this place.笑
Having 'teppan' in the restaurant's name and description is misleading and false advertising.  Upon entering we looked around and were surprised that not one of the teppan grills were currently being used.  In fact, there were only two others eating in the whole restaurant.  We were greeted and then told that I Sushi & Teppan does not serve teppan - not that they no longer serve teppan, but just matter-of-factly, "we don't have teppan."  We were seated and then told that we could order a teppan-style terriyaki plate that's cooked in the back (kitchen).  Okay with that, I ordered the filet mignon, only to then be told the one steak available was the New York steak (they were also out of scallops).  I decided the New York steak was fine, as that was my second choice, and ordered that.  However, what I received was not New York steak.  It was not freshly cooked either, nor was it edible.  The meat was so tough, I could not chew through it.  I could not even cut it with the steak knife I requested.  It was a choking hazard!  It was fatty, plastic-textured and bad tasting.  I was unable to eat it, and did not care for the rest of the food on my plate either.  

The floors in this place were really sticky and dirty.  The many unused teppan grills taking up more than half the restaurant were just weird.  My child not being able to order yakisoba noodles without veggies or meat because they were "pre-portioned" led me to believe it was just another microwaved dish.  Our waitress did give us a free mochi dessert to make up for the meal that I was unable to eat, which was a nice gesture.  

Unfortunately, we will not be returning to this establishment.  We had high hopes for this restaurant, as it had 4-stars in reviews.  My husband said the sushi was just okay, and the service was just okay.  So really, there's no reason for us to go back.  I'm just glad we went to this place using a groupon and did not pay full price.  My son and I both left hungry.笑
Got a groupon for this place. Went for lunch. Tried to order the filet mignon but they were out. So I ended up ordering the New York steak (medium rare). The steak was way over cook and all in all just a bad cut of meat. So the steak was wasted. We orders some sushi which was very good. The waiter forgot to bring our soup or our salad, he seemed really new and the food wasn't very good anyways, we just wanted to leave so we didn't say anything. We won't be going back, and I would not recommend this place  to anyone.笑
So I went back and gave them another try with a friend. We were seated right away at the Teppan table then about 5 mins later, 2 others were seated by us at the same table. Our waiter was very nice and courteous. Everything went smoothly and we both enjoyed everything. We even had a chance to sample one of their new coconut saki which was not bad but since I was driving, I only had the sample.  And they took the expired Groupon coupon & gave me the face value credit as advertised so I got to use that which was a plus since we'd went during happy hour.  It was a much better experience than the first so if I'm back in town around here again, I might stop in if not for the teppan, for the sushi. Thank you.笑
This place is a joke. It is so hot inside it's ridiculous. I'm literally sweating at the table just waiting for my food. Very stuffy inside with little to no air flow, they only have 3 ceiling fans from the 80's cooling the place off, no AC what so ever. 

I left before even ordering based on the fact it was so hot inside. Living in the desert you wanna get away from the heat when you go to dinner, not sweat at the dinner table. I will not be returning here ever again.笑
Every roll is delicious!! Haven't tried the teppanyaki yet but judging by the amount of people opting for it, I would assume it's pretty good. 
They also have this cool cam set up right above the sushi chefs table, so you see your sushi being made from how the chef looks at it. I definitely recommend this place!!笑
I came here on a Wednesday night and it was dead empty. Should have been my first clue, but I had a groupon to use. 

Ordered the sushi and sashimi combo and got it a couple minutes later. Didn't come with miso soup/ edemame/ etc. All I can say is it was a mistake to order sushi in a dead place like that. The preparation seemed ok, but the fish was less than fresh. It all tasted a little stale and was slightly mushy. Even had one piece of nigiri that the end of the fish was dried out... server didn't really do anything about it though. The guy never filled my water until I was done eating either. Not like there was much else to do that night.

Can't say if their teppanyaki would be any better, but stick with cooked foods and you may have a better experience.笑
Another great Sushi happy hour place!! =)

I came here with a friend last week to try out their happy hour. I'm not sure what I love more, happy hour, or sushi. So when you combine it? Doesn't take much to make me happy. lol. 

They have happy hour from 3-7. We ordered A LOT! I think I always over order every time I go get sushi. Which is horrible since I'm tiny and don't even eat much. lol. We ordered the Philly roll, Vegas Roll, Dragon Roll, Salmon Nigiri, and so much more. I really liked everything. It was beyond fresh and very reasonably priced for happy hour. I also ordered their Lychee Martini  which was delicious while my friend got some Sake. We ordered about 6-7 rolls plus 2 drinks and it only came out to about $40ish! 

They also do the tepanyaki cooking here which reminded me of Benihana. We got there at the perfect timing which was around 5:30ish because it got extremely busy. I thought the service was good and so was the food. I'll definitely be back to get my sushi happy hour fix on! =)笑
Went for lunch and service is good and sushi rolls very good. Try the heart attack app...very yummy.笑
We'd planned to go somewhere else, but the wait was too long so wound up at I Sushi. Glad we did! The sushi was very good, generous portion sizes & at a great price. The service was very good too. I have to admit my expectations were a little low, but we were quite impressed. Proof that you don't have to drop a fortune to have good quality sushi.笑
Service was decent. The food and the were way below par. I would not ever return to this sushi restaurant. Rolls fell apart, soy paper was pink? There edamame was edible. Literally this is the worst sushi I have ever had.笑
First the good: nice atmosphere and reasonably tasty sushi.  The valentine roll was clever, the salmon nigiri was tasty, and the mackerel nigiri was quite good (not as pickled as some places - nice change up).  The quality of the other fish was fine; I wish they used the crab/mayo mix in the rainbow roll, instead of just stuffing krab stick in there.

Ok.  Now to the rest.  Short version: My boyfriend never got his meal.

Long version: The boy and I started our quest for a new sushi/japanese joint last night and good Yelp reviews, I Sushi was first on our list to try.  We arrived, were promptly seated at a normal table and after exploring the menu we ordered: vegetable tempura as an appetizer, I got some rolls & nigiri, and the boy ordered teppan chicken, which came with soup & salad.  

The boy thought teppan chicken was just a new style or sauce, not realizing it was chicken cooked on the teppan tables (of which there were 10 or so).  His bad for ordering it BUT... the waitress didn't say anything like "Oh, that's not something you can order here" or even "Just so you know, that's cooked on the teppan tables so there will be a wait for your food."  Nothing.  Just 'Ok'.  

We get our tempura.  It's fine.  The batter was nice & light, but the veggies lacked flavor.  The exception was the onion.  That was really good.  

One of my rolls comes out.  Then the other.  Then the nigiri.  The boy still hasn't even gotten his soup or salad.  But, we're patient so, when the waitress comes by the first time and asks if everything is OK, we say "Sure."

The 2nd time she comes by we ask if his meal is ever coming out.  She looks startled, says "Oh, yes." and heads back to the kitchen.

The third time she comes by (I'm now halfway through my sushi), we ask again if he's ever getting his food.  She, again, looks startled and goes back to the kitchen.  The hostess comes by to ask how things are so we tell her we're still waiting on his meal, too.  She doesn't know how to handle this, looks uncomfortable while apologizing a number of times before heading to the hostess stand.  (I.e. does nothing.)  

The boy, meanwhile, is facing the kitchen and says there is a lot of activity and that people keep poking their faces out the door looking at him.  I predict that it's not long before they come out ask us just what it was you ordered again.

A short while later... a plate of tempura vegetables comes out.  We send it back and the waitress comes out: what did you order again? The boy reminds her.  Again her reply is "ok".

A chef comes out and explains that what the boy ordered wasn't kitchen food, it has to be cooked on the teppan table and he'll do it... he'll cook it up and serve it to us.  (Oh, you're too kind - why didn't the waitress tell us of the problem at the outset!?)  We try to tell him to not bother, but he doesn't seem to understand so I just say 'that'll be fine' and he goes off to prepare.

The people at the table where they're going to cook the boy's meal get salads.  The boy doesn't get anything.  

More time passes... probably 10 minutes.  Nothing.  Still no soup, no salad & nothing resembling "oh crud, we need to get this guy his food and make this right" activity.  I'm now done with my food.

We flag the waitress down and ask her to just remove his order & bring a box for my leftovers.  We're done.  She does.

Now - intrepid reader who has made it this far - if you were in a restaurant that had so thoroughly botched your night, you'd expect them to do a little something to make it right, no? Take of the appetizer, maybe? Or perhaps the drinks ($3 for an iced tea, BTW?!)?  

Nope.  Nothing.  We pay and walk out to a chorus of "thank yous" from the waitress who failed to place our order, the chef who failed to cook it, and the hostess who did nothing to make our situation right.  Not an ounce of recognition from any of them that they had royally screwed up.

And no.  They weren't busy.  There were several open tables, open teppan tables, and open sushi bar seats.  They were just incompetent.  I might go back for cheap sushi some night after work (since I work at the giant corporation just down the road from them), but not for a meal.

What'd the boy do for food? We went to Culver's.  They actually deliver the food their customers order.笑
Went back last night, watched the teppan and it was much better. Had some new sushi options from the incredible owner/sushi chef. He even bought us a saki shot to thank us for being repeat customers!! Great place still my favorite.笑
My wife kid and I decided to try I Sushi and Teppan due to a Groupon that was available and great Yelp reviews. We went there the day after Valentines Day because we didnt want to dine out on such a busy day. We arrived at the restaurant around 2 pm on a Saturday and where right away greeted by Kim (very friendly) we asked for the Teppan side since my wife and I enjoy Teppan and was also our my 2 year old son's first time seeing the "food show" . We were rapidly seated and our drinks came right away , also note that it is 2 o clock on a Saturday so its not that busy but we where still amazed by the fast service. Our side miso soup came out then our side salad, then our sushi rolls which where delicious.  Daniel the Teppan cook came out and was immediately friendly and excited to start cooking for us since we were the only one's on the table. Daniel was great with our son , he will make funny noises and had a train whistle that made my boy laugh, he also set small amounts of food on a plate for our son to cool off. Overall the food was GREAT, service was OUTSTANDING  and that groupon helped a lot . Thanks I Sushi and Teppan we where truly impressed and we are sure to come back. (BTW... Kim you should get the G Flex its a cool phone :) )笑
I got the shrimp teppanyaki from here and it was good, although nothing special. The shrimp were cooked nicely, but I wish that they were larger. The service was great and the staff were very attentive. My water was never empty which is nice!! The restaurant seems clean and there are a lot of choices for seating - dinner tables,  teppanyaki tables, sushi bar, regular bar, and patio. Cool spot to go have a casual dinner at.笑
Bought a groupon to try this place and I'm so glad! It is delicious, both the sushi and the repost menu items. They have a good happy hour menu as well during the week. My only complaint is they no longer have a a Teppan chef so you can order Teppan but it's made in the kitchen without the show but you're paying the same price. I think the show is part of the Teppan experience. Also, sushi and hot meals don't come out together if you are ordering both.笑
It may not be as flashy as RA, but their sushi is definitely better. Clean, comfortable, and delicious.笑
Great sushi with your not-so-ordinary rolls. Check out the Bull or Beefy roll.笑
I had purchased a living social add, $15 for $30 of food. So my husband, daughter and I decided to check it out.  It took about 4 mins to be greeted by our server. We placed out drink orders and they arrived promptly. Our sever seemed pretty knowledgable about the menu and we ordered calamari tempura. It was $8 for 6 fish sticks!!! They were literally fish sticks!! The sauces that came with it were pretty good but out server offered no information about what the sauces were. My husband and I shared the sushi platter that offered chefs choice of sushi for $25. My daughter ordered teriyaki chicken. The food took about 20 mins to come out.  The sushi was brought out, again with no explanation of what we received. We knew what it was because we get sushi a lot but still thought it was odd.  My daughters food was good but very very salty.  When the bill came I was shocked to see how expensive everything was.  Our bill was $68. 

This is what we got:
One Margarita $10 - not worth it! I didn't ask the price when I ordered, probably worth $7 or $8.
One Soda - $2
One water 
Calamari $8 -  Fish sticks, these were gross, not worth the cost of the Gortons fish sticks box they probably came out of.
Sushi plater $25 - Good 
Teriyaki Chicken $14 - Meh, worth $10 at the most

Fortunately I had the $30 to remove so we didn't spend too much but seriously overpriced in my opinion. We will not be going back.笑
When it comes to food, I hardly ever turn away. This place may be the first to make it on my "never return" list. 

I've been to Korea and tried their traditional cuisine, drove to California and stumbled upon great Korean restaurants, and even found a few spots in AZ that I can't complain about. This restaurant has the worst Korean food I have ever had and I can't say much about their service. 

My boyfriend and I walked into the restaurant looking forward to the all you can eat Korean bbq ($20.99/person for 2 hours). As we entered, we saw a very empty room with a few employees standing around. We were then greeted by a young lady who walked us over to the Teppan  table. Not too bad yet, but just wait. 

As we looked over the menu, we decided to start off trying two different types of meats, the bulgogi and the short ribs. Our waiter then said, "that's all you're getting?" Assuming that the portions were small, we ordered the spicy chicken as well!

A few minutes later our food came rolling out. By our surprise, there were no side dishes! I have never been to a Korean restaurant that didn't serve you small side dishes! The meat portion were huge (which is never a compliant); probably a pound of meat each. But when they charge you $15 dollars for not finishing the protein, that's when I get frustrated. I feel as though I was tricked into ordering more (Side note, you are not allowed to take it home either).

The pancake they served soaked up all the grease, which was not appetizing at all. They cooked the kimchi without asking our preference (I like mine cold). The beef that came out had good flavor, but I can't say the same about the chicken. The chicken was nasty. It didn't have the consistency that chicken should have so we never went back for seconds. 

The other disappointment was that the the food was cooked on a Teppan table. When you go to any other Korean bbq restaurant that allows you to cook, you cook your food on the grill. Since this was on a Teppan table, I'm sure it wouldn't be safe for diners to cook by themselves so the waiter had to do. Our waiter was horrible! He started asking us what the kimchi was and once I told him, he said he would never eat that stuff. He didn't know anything about Korean bbq or how to cook it so the owner had to come in and cook for us (sub par service). I always have a soft side for new servers because I was once a server myself, but get some training on the food and how to cook it if that's your job.

I could go on and on but to sum it up, I was disappointed with the overall experience. We were in and out of the restaurant 25 minutes flat. I will never go back to this establishment. Good luck if you do!笑
Great all you can eat Korean BBQ that just started in the last few months. Sushi bar is reasonably priced and offers great happy hour priced. Bonus, Intel employee discount .笑
Groupon trap---Saw the groupon, saw the glowing reviews, didn't read there was only 4 at the time. Showed up on slow night, 7pm with 4 tables. Not usually a good sign, but gave it a go. The quality of food was average, the sushi was fresh, teppanyaki was average. However, the server had no business working there. She didn't know the menu very well, an misquoted what came with what, and never told you what you were getting. I asked what fish came with the Shashimi platter, she said "chef's choice" ok. I figured when she brought it out, she'd tell me what the choice today was, but no. There's no presentation, no professionalism. The glowing, scrolling, LED name tags reminded me of a cocktail waitress from The Highlighter (not that I've been, but a friend told me!) Had to ask for refills over and over, just really poor experience. When I told the manager??? on the way out, I don't think he understood. Expensive lesson for me.笑
Food was average.  However, the service was inept.  They forgot to bring one of our salads and we had to remind our servers.  Also, they didn't bring one of our rolls, and when we asked for it, they claimed we had already gotten it - but we hadn't.  To their credit after two tries, they believed us and brought the roll, but it left a bad taste in our mouths (pun intended).  Since there are plenty of other fish (sushi) in the sea, we'll swim elsewhere next time....笑
Love the sunshine roll! The happy hour prices are amazing! Great service, nice atmosphere, and most importantly delicious sushi look out for groupons笑
If you want Benihana for half the price this is the  place to go... Quiet local restaurant, good food, great prices !笑
Fantastic sushi placed tucked away in a little strip mall I. Chandler! We went soley because we had a groupon and were pretty happy. Cute and casual atmosphere, very quiet. Had normal tables, sushi bar, and habbachi grill. Happy hour prices were fantastic! We got 2 speciality rolls And a baked roll. Delicious! The service was a little slow but she was apologetic and kind about it, and clearly the only server at the time. Overall good experience, we will be back!笑
Overall EXCELLENT experience.  I was in the area and found a groupon deal. I am so happy I came across it and this place. Chef James and Chef Jin are creative and skilled.  I always enjoy sitting at the sushi bar to see the knife work and preparations of various sushi rolls. I Sushi & Teppan has QUALITY, FRESH fish.  Typically if you go to Sushi restaurants the tuna is light pink in color and has been thawed out.   I Sushi is very impressive that the fish is glistening in freshness and as on Yelper posted the huge fresh cut of tuna, is what you get.   

Try the Tuna Bowl.  It's poke raw cubed tuna with cucumber, I think seaweed and some other vegetable on top of a serving of rice.  This portion is big compared to other places that serve this item.  It reminded me of fresh poke on Oahu/Hawaii.

The decor and environment is beautiful.   Waitress: Chailia is super sweet and I enjoyed her very much.

I was suprised when I went for lunch it wasn't busy.  YOU MUST DINE HERE!  I live very far from this restaurant. However, I will drive all the way out to experience an excellent sushi experience!笑
This place is nothing great. My mom and I went during lunch for a deal on groupon $15 for $30. My mom had the sashimi and I had a bento box. Everything was mediocre and I wouldn't go here again. I had to tell our waiter three different times that my green tea was not hot and every time he came back with a cold cup. If we didn't get the groupon, I would have been extremely disappointed in this place.笑
I want to give this place 10 stars. The portions are very large. The prices are very reasonable and the sushi and Teppan are both AMAZING. I ordered viva Las Vegas roll, bill roll soft shell crab roll. Bento box 2 and the ny strip.  Great service. Fast. And again the food is top notch.  I heard of this place on groupon and it was a little far but is worth the drive.笑
1. The menu is limited: everything is "crab mix..."
2. The alarm system beeps, which can be heard in the main dining area. 
 3. The bathroom is clean!
4. The sashimi is pricey considering its in a strip mall. I haven't gotten use to the overpriced sushi in AZ. I'm from California, and I wouldn't pay these prices at the RA in Chino Hills. (For the record, I think RA is the Chili's/Applebee's of sushi) I understand the markup will increase due to AZ being landlocked, but sheesh. 

Anyway...the food is decent. Nothing to write home about. The RA on the other end of Ray Road is better. 

The server was friendly. He immediately offered me a drink. I don't know whether to be offended or not, haha!笑
To be clear, this is a Korean restaurant - so do not expect authentic Japanese cuisine. My family ordered edamame, kids chicken teriyaki, and several sushi rolls. Everything was expensive for the quality of food we received. Service was slow and sloppy. I even saw a family at a Korean BBQ table cooking their own food because their server disappeared for a long time. I will not be be going back.笑
I can highly recommend the lunch menu: sashimi bowl,  Ramen noodle soup,  pho, yokosoba are all great dishes.笑
My wife called to ask if they had a happy hour. The guy that answered said yes, please see it online. My wife looked and when we got here (I'm here now lol), they said "oh yea our website is old. Strike one. 
Seaweed salad small. Edamame small. 

Strike 2 was when i asked for a table away from the front door and was told they were "reserved".  At 530pm!? ok !

The sushi was average. Very small pieces. Very loud due to teppan right next to sushi. All in an open area. There are no walls or anything. 

Strike 3 was when they brought out my order with only half of the nigiri. Weird, if you write "1" for nigiri it's literal, not in pairs as about every other sushi place I've been to for 20 years all over the globe, does!
Well I asked for the rest of the order and I was told if have to be out at the back of the line. Meaning I'd be waiting much too long. Ridiculous. 


The sushi was average. Very small pieces. Very loud due to teppan right next to sushi. All in an open area. There are no walls or anything. 
Sakana and Mido are better in all ways. I'd be surprised to see them make it to 2014.笑
This place is such a find. Sushi was fresh. We got the 'I Sushi roll', I would soo recommend it. If you dont go, your missing out. Any place you go thats not I Sushi& Teppan will wish it tasted this good.笑
The selection of sushi is AMAZING. We tried a few different rolls and lived them all. The server was so friendly and explained to is what was good and if we liked certain styles what would be best to order. 

This place is great and I would highly recommend it. I have seen them on groupon as well but with or with out it I'm there.笑
Went to this place because of groupon, and sadly will not be back. It was a Friday around 730, any restaurants busiest time I understand, but when you put out a groupon you should expect it to be busier than normal on the first weekend. having 2 servers for the sushi side was a joke. it took about 20 minutes to get EDAMAME. told twice it was just so busy sorry. then another 30 minutes to get a few simple rolls like a spicy shrimp and california hand roll. Told again, it was just soo busy. They brought about the Bull roll and the setup calls for vodka to cause a flame to cook it partially. after 4 minutes of her trying to light it up, complaining about how bad the vodka they have is, it went on. Was lucky to have our water cups filled. The table next to us had not gotton 2 of their rolls and it was brought to "another table" one of the chefs came by to also apologize about it  being very busy and waiting so long for everything, but what made me giggle was that he said, "We are busy because we are good" ....no, its because you just put out a groupon a few days ago. Food was so blah and there are a lot of sushi places in Chandler, I hope you can have a better experience than we had.笑
I had kalbi in this terrible place. In Korean restaurants, kalbi is served with rice, kimchi and other fermented vegetables. At I Sushi, it comes only with a rice and lettuce salad. Kalbi sauce wasn't very tasty nor flavorful. Beef was very hard to chew. Very small portion of beef for the price.

Place is very empty, lacking any decor. No Japanese atmosphere around. 

Servers have tacky electronic badges. 

I will never come back.笑
In a word - Delightful. 

We went here with a Groupon, not knowing what to expect. My dad is awesome, and sometimes over enthusiastic when he clicks the buy button on Groupon, or he's just getting older; either way we ended up with two Groupons. 

Best purchase ever dad. As a starving grad student I thoroughly enjoy meals out and a place with both sushi and Teppan? Double win. 

The service was good, and the food even better. I went with a friend and we split 2 rolls, an appetizer and one order of Teppan chicken. 

Due to a grave tragedy, the Groupon that got redeemed was the one that expired in a few months, rather than the one that expired right away. Upon calling the owner, he said he felt it was both party's fault (mine and the waiter who worked the app on my phone) and said he'd honor the expired one on a return visit. 

So things they offer. Excellent food. Good wait staff. And a quality business owner. 

My only compliant is that of another Yelper - I get waiting to fill a Teppan table, but if you aren't busy, you aren't busy. Get the chef out there to cook. That being said, over all a place I plan on returning to. Again and again.笑
DONT BUY THE GROUPON!   They changed their menu.  They no longer have the teppen table!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Website hasn't been updated.  All food is prepared in back, which only discovered after I called to make a reservation.  I bought the groupon expecting the teppen table experience.  I'm very disappointed.笑
Very good teppan. Went in on a groupon. Good service made us smile. Hope this place stays in business only a few tables were eating on a Saturday night. This really is the bomb place! Love it笑
A friend of mine had recommended this place a few years ago and after searching for a place for Oscar G's birthday dinner, I settled on this new sushi place for us to try out. I had no trouble making a reservation and our table was ready when I arrived on time. 

When I try sushi, I usually don't stray away from the shrimp, crab, or tuna varieties, so I was happy to see that they have a wide variety of specialty rolls that I haven't seen at other restaurants. We arrived just before HH ended so I got an order of gyoza to share and a drink, both of which were good. For dinner I ordered the bull roll (spicy tuna, crab, cucumber topped with beef) and the becca roll (spicy crab, jalapeno, cilantro, cucumber). The Bull Roll is the one in the pics wrapped in foil and set ablaze. I described it as tasting like dinner - the beef on top was so delicious and the roll gets hot so with the rice and everything it tastes like you're eating a warm dish (tastes better than it may sound). I also really enjoyed the Becca roll. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their rolls and they even brought out some mochi for the birthday boy. It is a little ways away but I think this is my new favorite sushi spot.笑
I got a Groupon deal to try this place. The best sushi ever! Great atmosphere,  and great staff. You will love this place!笑
Came here with a Groupon and will be returning a lot more often. The staff is all friendly, the prices are very reasonable, and the food is amazing!笑
I've been here once before they served AYCE KBBQ but I can't remember how the food was. But yesterday, we specifically came for it. At $20.99, it is definitely fair pricing but being the only All You Can Eat Korean BBQ in the Valley.. well this place is a steal!

Our sever was Ken and he was incredibly great. The sushi chef, Joe, one of the nicest around! Anyways this is set up a bit different than most because it is a teppanyaki set-up. The server will primarily cook the meat for you but you can try and help out to get it cooked faster.

The last thing I have to say is bulgogi, BULgogi, BULGOGI!!! Ok I don't usually get excited but their bulgogi marinade is hands down one of the best I've ever had in my life. Our sever Ken was able to get that marinade on the side for us to use for the meats we were grilling. Good looking out!

In conclusion, great atmosphere, great service, great food! I'll be back笑
Gag!  This place is no good.  The worst sushi I have ever had!!  Honestly. We ordered a yellow roll and the fish was so old I was gagging and couldn't even swallow.  We told the sushi chef and they didn't do anything.  They said they would take $1 off.  Boo for bad fish and boo for bad service.笑
Good but not overly cheap and the service was HORRIBLE.  Servers were polite but couldn't answer questions about the menu or what the dishes we were served were.

We tried several rolls and I have to say my favorite was the simple avocado roll.  Huge chunks of fresh avocado.  The mixed tempura I wouldn't order again... I was surprised by the Monkey Brains appetizer.  It wasn't what I expected.  It was basically a stuffed mushroom (stuffed with spicy tuna) breaded in tempura batter and deep fried.

I think my favorite thing of all was the Lychee Martini.  So strong and a wonderful flavor.  

I think we will try this place again for the 1/2 price Teppanyaki at Happy Hour.笑
Really enjoyed the Sushi! The staff was very friendly and the quality of food is top-notch. We'll definitely be back and share with our friends.笑
Had a Groupon voucher here that prompted me to give it a try. Small place with a few Teppan & regular tables. Ordered the Buffalo roll that they light on fire at your table.  Didn't really care for the cooked beef & onion on top, as it seemed to overpower the sushi taste. Also got the spicy crab & mekki (sp) roll, which had jalapeño, cilantro & a chili sauce.  Wasn't all that impressed with that one either,  but the spicy crab was okay.  Overall the food was meh, service was ok,  but my hot sake was served with no cup. Probably won't be back since it was also a bit pricey ($11.50 for one roll).笑
Can I give this place a 10 stars? This is my 3rd time here and the food keeps on getting better. The new sauce that they use to marinate the BBQ beef and ribs are AMAZING!!!!!! This time I get to try the tempura ice-cream and it was absolutely delicious!

GREAT SERVICE + GREST FOOD + GREAT PRICES!!!笑
I will definitely be coming back here again. I found it through a Groupon, which was a fantastic deal, and I was able to use it with their happy hour specials - super savings!

I really liked the specialty drinks and the sushi rolls were super yummy. I judge a sushi restaurant based on the freshness of the sashimi and theirs was spot on.
They also have tables set up around hibachi grills to do the fun dinner shows where they cook right in front of you. I'll have to do that next time I come笑
Excellent little find! Used a Groupon and went with a friend for lunch. Started out with two sushi rolls. The first was the tempura tuna with no rice and the sauce that came with was excellent. The second was the cucumber roll with tuna, salmon, and crab and no rice. It was excellent as well! We then split a teppanyaki lunch. We chose the chicken and shrimp and it was very good. Even though we were both stuffed we decided to end our meal with the green tea mochi. Loved it! Will definitely be back if I'm ever down on this side of town again!笑
I went there for lunch and I loved the food! I loved the price and appreciated the extra 20% corporate discount. I will be eating there again, soon.

Edit made on 8/18...
Oh, no! It closed down for good. We tried going there the other day and it no longer exists.笑
We are not Sushi fans so we did not have Sushi, we were looking for something new and just dropped in. They have four Teppan tables and they were all full that night. We ordered a breaded pork dish and a steak meal. The pork was very good and the steak was good but not exceptional. Southern Wine and Spirits was doing a Saki demonstrration that night and the presentation was fun and well done.  Service - now they really shine here. The waitress was fun and attentive. The owner was very happy to talk about the Sushi, how it is selected, how it is prepared and how the knives differ from other knives.

If you go here ask to meet the owner, you will appreciate speaking with him.


The Sushi bar was not full but did have customers constatntly and they seemed to be very happy with what they received.

Do not be fooled by the exteriort of the restarant because it is beautiful inside. The tables have lots of room between them and the noise level is not so high you canot talk to each other. 

Over all the food was good, the service was fabulous, and we would return.笑
Excellent service, very fresh sushi. I ordered salmon sashimi, salmon roe sushi, sea urchin sushi, and a Viva Las Vegas roll. I also thought it was really cool how they have a camera above the sushi chef's station so you can watch on one of the TV's the food being prepared. Great experience overall.笑
Decent place right here.
Had the Surf Clam
Halibut Sashimi
Tuna Poke
Cold Asahi w/ Warm Sake
Price was ok for sushi places away from any coast... 
Location was setup very nice, and very clean. 
The staff were VERY polite and hospitable... Will def be going back...
They even have a few Teppanyaki stations !!! 
This made my #1 spot for sushi in Chandler / Mainly cause they carry the surf clam... Great Job笑
This place has become a weekly treat for my wife and I. The service is always friendly, and they always take good care of us. The prices are reasonable, and the quality has always been good. Like anyplace, some things are a better value than others. Tonight I tried the tuna tataki which was very good, but for $12 it was not that big. I think my favorite roll so far has been the Poke roll. My wife loves the seaweed salad, and on happy hour they're only $2.50 which is a great value, especially for the portion they give you. 

One of the thing I do love about this place is the black rice, which is not a starchy as sushi rice typically is. Even if you eat a lot of it, you don't get that bloated feeling from the rice. 

One of these days I want to try their all you can eat Korean BBQ, which offers many types of meat, including steak. I saw someone else eating that again tonight, and it does look good. They also have many teppan grills, but I've never seen them in use for a teppan show. 

Give this place a try, if you have not been. Maybe we'll see you there next week.笑
Awesome food. Great happy hour.  Amazing staff.  Excellent atmosphere.  The Big Roll is worth it!笑
Their chefs walked out one day and it hasn't been the same since.  This was one of the two places we would go for sushi.  We use to go here almost every other week.  It's not the same.  We now enjoy Sakana.笑
Best sushi in the east valley. If your on ray u must try this place out. It's a sushi Korean fusion. Bomb!笑
We bought a groupon and used it for dinner at I Sushi.. We will definitely be back, probably this week :) The squid salad was perfectly seasoned. The tofu salad was not my favorite but the sushimi and nigiri combo was well priced and fresh! Tons of friendly staff that wore flashing name tags. I Sushi was a small place but definitely has a more contemporary atmosphere. They has TVs mounted above the bar and one of the TVs displayed the bar area so you can watch the sushi chef rolling your sushi. This place is awesome!笑
I love love love this place! My sisters and I originally found it through a Groupon and have been loyal to this place since. It's relatively far from our house, but it's worth it. The Becca Roll is spicy but just the right amount. AMAZING. Dipped in the shrimp sauce and it's beyond perfect. The teppan is also really good. They have a really good show and it keeps the kids entertained! Probably going tomorrow!

The only thing would be that on busy nights, it may seem understaffed as it takes a while to get refills and whatnot but the quality of the food is definitely five stars.笑
We came here with a Groupon and I have to say that this sushi was average. My husband who doesn't like sushi even mentioned a place that has better sushi. I probably wouldn't come back based on the food.  The restaurant seems clean and has a nice atmosphere, that's why I'm giving it 3 stars- an average rating. 

10/24/14 Update: I came back with another groupin and the sushi was still average and the beef teriyaki was nothing special. We're sitting next to three teppan tables which haven't been cleaned and there's still gunk on the grill top.  Yuck.笑
My fiance and I have been here three of four times since moving to the area and every time we have experienced fantastic service.  We have only had the sushi, but it is delicious and the reason we keep coming back.  If anyone is looking for a nice quiet sushi spot in Chandler, you cant beat this place.笑
The Yellow roll was great. I also liked the Valentine roll. Their HH seaweed salad was also a good and generous portion.笑
Took my siblings for an eating experience and we had a great time cooking our food and binging on tasty meat. Short ribs were delicious and tender, spicy chicken was good and not too spicy, and bulgogi beef was marinated really well.  I didn't give 5 stars because the brisket was way more tough than brisket should be. This type of meat should be tender but this wasn't. Still good but not what we hoped for. Also the short ribs were delish but way too saturated in sauce. 

We LOVED the kimchi pancakes. Never heard of these before so they were a nice surprise. This place brought all the fixins, including sautéed onions, mushrooms, and jalapeños. Service was really good considering it was busy on a Saturday night. I'd definitely recommend this place to someone that enjoys all you can eat korean bbq while cautioning against expecting an experience that you'd get in K-town in Los Angeles.笑
I have been to I Sushi on three different occasions, and every time the service, food and ambiance have been spot on! I recently took my friend there for her birthday, and when we both ordered the teppan teriaki chicken, our server, Jin, invited us to move to the teppan table so that we could enjoy the experience of the chef preparing our food! The teppan chef was amazing, the food and the sushi fabulous, and, as an extra treat, they gave my friend a complimentary birthday dessert, complete with a sparkler on top! We always felt that we were being looked after - the service was impeccable. I highly recommend  I Sushi for its very fresh, delicious sushi, teppan and great service and staff! This is hands-down my favorite restaurant!笑
Due to my yelp friend Karen W. I went back here. After the first visit, I swore I would not support a place that sells monkey brains. I found out now that they are not real monkey brains. 

The food is a bit pricey, and there is really only one roll that amazes me (the Bull roll). The soup is good, but their salad dressing is not traditional Miso salad dressing. Some people like it, so I will not mark them down for that. I am going to go back when they have their happy hour for 1/2 price sushi.

Thank you Karen.笑
Wow really tough night tonight. We are a big fan but not tonight. The Teppan was not very good tonight  and the service was terrible. They dropped our food and forgot our sushi order and gave us no discount or accountability.笑
First All-You-Can-Eat Korean BBQ restaurant I've eaten at in Arizona. Stayed for several hours and ate a few pounds of pork belly, pork shoulder, bulgogi, spicy chicken, spicy pork, and beef short ribs. They also had some delicious yogurt soju and mochi. Will definitely come here again.笑
My wife and I visited I Sushi the first Tuesday following their opening.  Business had not picked up yet, and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  This only bears mentioning, because our service and wait for food was very short.  I can't speak to how they will be once they undoubtedly get busier, but even if you do wait, it is definitely worth it.  

The first thing you will notice when you walk in is that this space barely resembles the predecessor. Sure, the layout is the same, but now the decor has some charisma.  My boss opined, "It's a little slice of Scottsdale in Chandler".  A number of TV's showing sports, but the coolest scene on the TV's is the overhead camera on the sushi table (more on that later).   

Now to the food - We ordered the Tuna Poke, The Spicy Shrimp Roll, and the Chef's Specialty - the Beefy Roll.  The Poke and spicy shrimp roll were really good, but you can NOT try I Sushi without having the beefy roll.  First, there is something serene about watching a sushi chef at his craft! On the TV I mentioned, we got to watch the Sushi Chef make this roll, lay on the beef, and seer it with a torch ON THE ROLL.  This let the flavor permeate throughout and made for one tasty bite after another. Finally, the chef made us some striped bass sashimi with an amazing sauce. I don't know what it was, but it melted in my mouth like butter. And for all of this flavor, the price point is very reasonable...

The only reason I could not give 5* (yet) is that the only alcohol available was sake and bottle beer, leaving my wife without a drink option (since she likes neither).  Now they will have that sorted out shortly (if not already) which will lift my rating.

I fully intend to head over to I Sushi again, and next time give their Teppanyaki tables a try.  Again, very affordable in terms of Teppan (and a lot cheaper than Bennihana).  

I hope you enjoy it as much as we did!笑
Let me just say the sushi here was delicious. The yellow roll was one of my favorites with avocado and shrimp tempura topped with seared yellow tail then drizzled with a chipotle mayo this is not to mention the other selections of great sushi..... plus the service was excellent, our waitress was very knowledgeable and answered all questions we had. Mmmm definitely going back makes my mouth water just thinking about the food!笑
I really enjoyed my meal here! The ingredients were fresh and the portions were generous.  They have a great happy hour deal if you can make it by 7pm.  It also has a very fun atmosphere/vibe, even though it is located in an unassuming strip mall.  However, I will agree with other reviewers that it is HOT inside because of all the grills.  Overall, the food was great, the prices were reasonable, and the service was spot on.笑
I was just refused service because I had my two kids with me at 5pm.  First they wanted us to wait until a reservation came.  We said we prefer not to because we have two kids with us.  The last time we waited for a reservation to show up, it was a two hour dinner.  They sat us.  Minutes later the reservation came and we were asked to sit with them.  We said we prefer not to because we're sitting and the "reservation" obviously wants a kid free evening.  We were essentially told we had to move because they didn't want to clean two tables.  

I've been to this place 4 times now.  Past experiences have shown that when we wait for their "reservation" we are sitting at the table for two+ hours and our kids go nuts.  It ruins my families evening and the other parties evening.  My family takes over half the table.  Its not like we're killing them.  There was NO ONE in the restaurant.  

So we were told to leave because we didn't want to move.  This place obviously cares more about the numbers than the customers experience.  

I am floored.  My family loved this place.  How do you explain to your son that we were kicked out of his favorite restaurant because mommy and daddy didn't want to spoil another party of fours evening?笑
I have only been here for lunch and only on the sushi side.

I really enjoy this place. The sashimi lunch bowl is perfect sized and reasonably priced for me. I have used a groupon to order off the menu and I've been very happy with everything served. Portion sizes are good, service was timely, and the place is clean.

I like the TV's above the sushi bar that are focused on the chefs. You can watch them make your food even if you're out at the tables.

It's sad that there seem to be so few people here for lunch. That's actually what drove me to review them - this is a good place that I'm concerned might go away from lack of customers. I've been to terrible places with a lot of people in them, so I don't get it when a good place has so few.笑
I Sushi has fresh, good quality sushi with unique fusion-style rolls. They are also open late (Until 11 P.M.) on Fridays and Saturdays, which makes for some a good late night dinner!

We tried the "monkey brain" appetizer, a few basic rolls (Salmon, tuna, yellowtail), tuna poke, and the bull roll. The monkey brain is a row of mushrooms stuffed with fresh tuna, then tempura fried. It was drizzled with sauce, and was really delicious. The basic rolls had a good proportion of fish to rice and seaweed, and the fish itself was tasty and fresh. The tuna poke had a tasty marinade, with good proportion of fish to vegetable. Most of the tuna tasted great. However, there were a few pieces I tasted that had some slight gristle on them. The bull roll was amazing. It's one of the best fusion sushi rolls I've had! The presentation is pretty cool too, since the waitress will flambe the aluminum-wrapped roll at your table. As the flames die down, you peel back the wrapping to reveal some nicely grilled bulgolgi beef on top of a spicy tuna, crab, and cucumber roll. It gives a whole new meaning to a surf and turf roll, Asian style!

Service was friendly and cheerful. We came in with a Groupon and they had no problem with us redeeming it. If you look on their website, they have coupons you can print out too for some non-Groupon discounts.

I'd definitely like to come here again for the sushi, and perhaps to try their happy hour from 3-7 which includes appetizers, entrees, sushi, and drinks.笑
This review is just for the sushi part of the restaurant because we didn't try the Teppan side but we will be back for sure to give it a shot. From the little I saw it looked like they put on a good show.
Thanks to Living Social for this find. I love Japanese food and sushi so when I was looking around for what I call "Prepaid Date Nights" I saw this place and bought the deal. I didn't even know this place was here.
It was Saturday night so time to break out one of these "Prepaid Date Nights" out and give it a try. Just another unassuming place in a strip mall. When you open what looks like a big wooden door the inside is very nice. Teppan tables on one side and regular tables on the other with a sushi bar along the wall next to that. The hostess came up, had our reservation and we were seated immediately. The Teppan tables looked full but there were plenty of regular tables available. Some of the parties at the Teppan tables looked like they don't get let out much. They were having a little too good of a time. Drinky drinky. But it was all a good time. Our waitress Colleen came over right away and was very very nice. She explained the menu, the happy hour specials, I still haven't figured out exactly when happy hour is at this place but whenever it was it was going on now so let's do it, and she offer suggestions. All of the wait staff had these LED name tags with their names scrolling or dropping or going by in different ways. My girlfriend and I both thought they were really cool. I can never pick sushi rolls because everything sounds so good. I would order way to much food. So my girlfriend is in-charge of ordering sushi whenever we go out. She hasn't picked bad yet. I did make the suggestion that I wanted to try some spicy rolls like the Arizona roll. So we ordered the I Sushi roll, the Arizona roll, the Vegas roll and the baked I Sushi roll. We had never heard of a baked roll so we were curious plus if they are putting their name on it it must be a specialty.
We ordered drinks. She got some green cocktail thing with pineapple, which she really liked and turned out according to Colleen to be one of the more popular drinks, I thought is tasted good too and I don't really like pineapple. I got a Kirin Ichiban. Bonus points for having this. How can you be a Japanese place and not have Kirin. We also got two ice waters. Here is another thing this place does that I really like, they put a slice of cucumber instead of a slice of lemon in the waters. I do not like lemon in my water. If I wanted lemon aid I would have ordered it and I wouldn't have because I don't like it. But cucumber was so much better. Extra points for this original thought. At least the first time I have seen it.
The rolls came out pretty quick. Now it was not that busy but even then some places take quite awhile to roll. But these came out bam, bam, bam. Wow were they good. So fresh. I mean the fish was swimming around happily this morning fresh. Like we lived in a coastal city fresh. The I Sushi roll had jalapenos and chipotle sauce on it but it was a good hot not a burn your face off hot. The Arizona roll had jalapenos on it too but didn't seem as hot as the other. Of course it's heat might have been swimming upstream from the I Sushi rolls heat. The Vegas roll was very good too but I think my favorite of the night was the baked I Sushi roll. They were all very good but this one was just that much better. They had a lobster and crab ball on top of a small roll on it's side then they baked the whole thing. It was so warm and good. Even though I was full I could have eaten more of that one.
We both really enjoyed the food and the service. We will definitely be back here with or without a coupon of some kind. The prices where very reasonable. Especially with the level of freshness of the fish. Next time we will try the Teppan for sure but probably still order a roll or two of this great sushi. This just became my new favorite place for sushi. So much better than the place down the street. I don't care if that place is all you can eat I would much rather come here. I will take fresh, great sushi and exceptional service over all you can eat any day. Keep up the great work I Sushi & Teppan.笑
My husband and I just moved into the area and we usually go to sushi for our date night dinners. I read the reviews about I sushi and Teppan so we decided why not. It was worth it!! The fish tasted fresh not chewy. We got the sunshine roll and OMG it was delicious. Best las vegas roll that I've had in along time. The happy hour had awesome specials. If you like sake bombers great price during happy hour. The staff were friendly. The restaurant it self was clean and shiny. I'm so happy that we live right down the street it's going to be our new sushi place笑
Pretty good sushi and even better Teppanyaki.  Better prices than Bennihana too.笑
A Groupon special initially brought me to this restaurant and it has quickly become my favorite. 

This time I decided to try the special rolls and got the Bull Roll and Baked Salmon Roll.  Oh man these were delicious!!  The Bull roll comes with spicy tuna and crab with Korean beef over the top.  They wrap it in foil and it comes out on fire.  It was amazing.  The baked salmon roll also came with warm salmon over the top of a crab and cucumber roll.  This one has got to be my favorite.  I have never had a roll with warm protein on it and it really does take it up a level.  

Dare I say I ordered another roll and went with the shrimp tempura which is always a safe slam dunk.  I haven't tried anything from the teppan side because I am always focused on the sushi roll.s

Oh yeah and they also have a television where you can watch them making the rolls live.  It's a nice option because I don't necessarily like sitting at the sushi bar and I can still watch them in action.笑
Great service and great atmosphere. I love that I can watch my sushi being prepared on a tv screen. 


Tootsie Roll is the best. 


Love the hot hand towel service.