Chill coffee shop hidden away on a secondth floor. Today was my first time visiting and I was pleasantly suprised by both the vibe of the place and quality of the drinks. My friend and I ordered cold brew and yuzu slush - I recommend both to anyone who decides to drop by~笑
I came here for coffee only. Jerry the Batista made me espresso with a little homemade white berry syrup. I then ordered a drip coffee and chatted with Jerry for awhile. As an avid coffee drinker, the brew here is praiseworthy. The environment is great, very chill and quiet. Music is very tasteful as well. Jerry is very knowledgeable and passionate about his drinks.
Overall: highly recommend. 10/10 will come back.笑
I came here last week for some snacks and a quick trim, and I'm so glad I did!!   I'm a huge stickler for customer service and the staff was incredible. Friendly and inviting.    I tried the Thai iced tea, the Yuzu Slush, and the HK waffles.   The drinks were yummy and refreshing, and the waffle was fluffy and not overly sweet.   Perfect little snack while I waited to get my hair cut.   Next time I will try the avocado espresso smoothie which I heard is incredible!!
Rachel, my hairstylist, was so sweet and patient.  She helped to control my thick, frizzy hair. LOL I love my cut!!笑
Lovely vintage-style decor, cozy and warm environment. Cup & Cut is a café/salon tucked away on the second floor, east side of Yonge street. I haven't been to a hair salon in ages and was pretty anxious. Rachael, my hairstylist, was very sweet, gentle and conversational. I recommend this place to anyone who needs a haircut done by a professional.笑
Interesting, cozy little place that's great for relaxing and getting away from the crowd in the centre of North York. This review is based on a visit for drinks only, not haircuts. 

Cup & Cut by salon de elephant was done by a revamp of its old space, on the second floor at Yonge/McKee next to St.Louis Wings. A tasteful wooden bar was set up where the barista makes all the coffee, tea, and other beverages on the menu. There's just about a dozen of seats in the front end of the space, and the salon where haircuts happen are in the back end. The music and the scent of brewed coffee are just a few great things that add to the atmosphere of the space.

We tried their iced drinks - the mint yuzu slush and the mango oolong tea. Both are light, refreshing and delicious. There's quite a bit of coffee options on the menu, which I'm sure coffee lovers would love. HK egg waffles seem to be the only food option so far. I'd be excited to see if more non-coffee beverages and food items would be added to the menu.

All in all a great experience. Look forward to see this place stay and grow.笑
I had the chance to experience both their haircutting services as well as their cafe section, as I was visiting with my partner and enjoyed the company of the barista and his drinks as I wait for my partner's haircut. 

Cafe: 
The ambiance was nice and cozy with a vintage style interior. Almost each piece of furniture was unique, so by choosing which corner I'd like to sit by, I got to create my own personal space for my time being there. 

There was a buy one get one free promotion going on, but it only applied to their yuzu mint slush and avocado espresso slush - which I got both. Apparently the barista tends to experiment with his recipes, so the flavours were unique and finely made. The yuzu mint was sweet and refreshing with bits of grind yuzu fruit; great for the hot summer now but as the slush melted it began to taste slightly too sugary for me, something that resembles the Asian sweet drinks you get in a bottle. So you have to finish it quick! 

My personal preference was the avocado espresso. I never thought the two would compliment each other so well but it did! The avocado added an extra layer of sweetness, richness, and creaminess - that is distinctly different from adding cream. If you are an avocado lover like me, I would definitely recommend this drink :)

The barista is very friendly and knowledgeable about coffee - go say hi to him and he'll make great conversation with you! 

Haircut: 
So my partner is the one that got the haircut, and I'm writing this from my perspective of his cut. Personally I think it's a pretty good deal for guys as it is $20-25 - apparently the store's intention was to provide quick cuts alongside with providing a cafe space. The hairstylist was young and friendly - but may need some time refining the details of her cuts. On certain areas of the cut I find it a bit choppy and lacking flow. Regardless, for a men's cut I would keep recommending my partner to go - his hair just grows way too quick for more expensive cuts!笑
A cute gem in North York. I love this place. Super friendly staff, serene environment, relaxing music and most importantly very nice drinks. The Yuzu slush is probably my favorite. 

Definitely recommended.笑
This place has a lot of things in common with their parent store Salon de Elephant - cozy environment, friendly staff, good music! Came here on a Saturday  when my friend wanted a quick haircut, he was very happy with everything. While waiting for him, I ordered a matcha latte and their Hong Kong style egg waffles, the latte had the right sweetness and matcha flavor, and I must say the waffles were even better than other stores that specialize in making them! A must try!