Best bingsoo in North York! Their injeolmi shaved ice is perfect.

The winning point of their bingsoo is the snow texture (super fine, like eating actual fluffy snow) and the fact that they layer the flavours so that you get condensed milk, almonds, soybean powder, and mochi with every bite. I expect that this place will be pretty crowded during the summer time. 

Seating area is small, so don't bring more than 4 people to this place unless you're getting takeout.

The pictures, from what I've ordered, are photographically accurate so you won't be disappointed.

TL;DR pictures are accurate for what you're getting and bingsoo texture/flavours are perfect!Ǿ
Friendly staff, decent prices, but more importantly: DELICIOUS. 
THE BEST bingsoo I've ever tried in my life. The ice itself is this powdery snow texture, and the toppings and sauces are generous, so you'll be enjoying whatever you order. 

My friends and I all ordered the cup sized versions: I got Injeolmi, and they got Strawberry and Tiramisu. All 10/10. 

We also ordered the King Dumpling (pretty decent, but I'm not really a dumpling loving person) and a coconut latte (creamy and delicious). 

WILL recommend and WILL be returning :DǾ
A small and lovely coffee place. There snowflake or binsu is delicious, especially the matcha one. The drink smells nice but the taste is just okay. The food is not very good for the price. This place only take cash and debit card.Ǿ
My go-to place for Korean shaved ice. Its actually shaved milk and they call it snowflake bingsoo. Very sofy flakes and toppings are amazing!!!Ǿ
This is one of the best Bingsu that I've had in a while, highly recommended to give it a try. 

The restaurant is quite small, where there are only 2 tables and some bar stools, so it's better that you drop by in a small group of 2 or 3. The space is quite nicely decorated and good for catching up with friends, but keep in mind that they do impose a 1 hour seating limit since the space is quite limited, and I'm pretty sure they don't do reservations. Free wifi is available. 

Other than the Bingsu they also serve drinks such as coffee, latte, and smoothies. For the Bingsu, they come in 2 sizes: the cup size (roughly $6) and the bowl size (roughly $10). The bowl size is so much more worth it in my opinion as you get more of the toppings at the top, and generally the presentation looked better as well. 

Between me and a friend, we split the Red Bean Bingsu among us. The Bingsu had toppings include red beans, soybean powder, mochi, chopped almonds, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and drenched in condensed milk. I really like how the texture of the ice was different than some other places that I've tried. As opposed to having a creamy texture like the shaved-ice that I've tried before, the Bingsu here was more dry and powdery looking, which reminded me of coconut sprinkles. I really enjoyed my meal and I would definitely pay another visit if I happen to be around the Yonge/Finch area again.Ǿ
I ordered the mango shaved ice ($10.99). The service here is much faster than that of Snow Time and similar to them, they only take cash or debit. 

I didn't enjoy the shaved ice that much. I don't know if it's because I made a bad choice with the mango. The mango didn't taste fresh, and it didn't go well with the cheesecake cubes.Ǿ
I saw pictures of The Cups going around on social media before, so it's been a place that I've been wanting to check out for sometime. And so a friend and I decided to go and get their bingsoo (shaved ice) on an extremely cold day, makes sense right?

This place is pretty small. There's about like 4 tables. Because it was cold that day, there was only 2 other customers when we got there. I ordered the cup sized Tiramisu Shaved Ice ($7.99) and my friend got the Mango Shaved Ice ($6.99). We waited about 10 minutes or so, until they called us up to get our order. 

The Tiramisu Shaved Ice comes with a piece of Tiramisu cake placed on the top of the cup as well as a heart-shaped cookie and whipped cream. It looked really good. It also comes with a shot of espresso, which I was told was to go with the cake. I personally don't like coffee in general, so after taking a sip I didn't drink anymore of it (it was so bitter ._.) 

I really enjoyed the tiramisu cake. It was rich, very light and creamy. As for the shaved ice, it was flavourful and since they layer the ingredients, every bite was good. I didn't try my friend's mango shaved ice, so I can't comment much on that but what I can say is that it looked really good!

TL;DR this place has some great bingsoo. Probably the best bingsoo in the area. Get bingsoo.Ǿ
Ordered the Black Sesame Shaved Ice.  It was as good a shaved ice dessert as I've ever had.  Black bean ice cream, ground black sesame, red bean,  mochi bits, almonds, condensed milk-i think.   Huge 10.99.  Meant for sharing.  
Place is tiny... 3 or 4 tables.   My only complaint is that none of their offerings combine red bean and fruit.
Will return.Ǿ
Prices are comparable to other places that serve bingsu; however, on a plus side I feel like the toppings and sauce was generously added compared to other places.

I ordered a green tea bingsu in a cup and really enjoyed it. Would definitely come back to try other items on their menu. They have free parking at the back, but there is a 1 hour seating limit as the place is relatively small.Ǿ
Portions are very good and the price is not bad. The best part is you don't have to wait for hours like snow time so honestly if you want good shaved ice and not have to wait forever, come here! They have seating and the desserts come out at a good pace! You can also get free coffee or tea if you like and follow their page!Ǿ
And the search for Toronto best shaved ice begins! Oh wait I may have found it already! Cups is another hidden gem that features bingsu (shaved ice) in various great flavors including Strawberryand Injeolmi, as well as lattes, smoothies, sandwiches and bibimbap which is served in cute little to-go cups perfectly sized for a quick office lunch run! I personally loved the strawberry bingsu and it tasted a lot like Strawberry milkshake. The store is super cozy and small so it's quite perfect for a cute little date night. The berries bingsu is totally Instagram worthy as well!

Because this is their second location for their family-run shop, quality service warm hospitality, and amazing bingsu has brought increasing foot traffic to their store!  Can't wait to go back and try all their flavours!Ǿ
Small place, limited seating time. There's paid street parking near by. Desserts are good! They have many flavours of Korean bingsu. They also have coffees, lattes and snacks if you're hungry. 

Tried to order something different from my usual. I ordered the mango bingsu, cup size. The Korean bingsu here is one of the best. I really liked it. The texture was really fine, pretty much like snow. But the mangos were hard and sour which I didn't like too much. If it were sweeter it would've been better. 

Will be back to try their other flavours.Ǿ
Went here on a whim and wasn't disappointed. They have various shaved ice desserts all very delicious. Since they are on they expensive side, I recommend getting a big version and ask for cups so you can split it with friends. The area has free parking but seating is limited.Ǿ
The Cups deserves its four-star rating on Yelp. Probably some of the best bingsu you can get in Toronto!

The location is pretty small so big groups might have to choose a different place. You can look at a menu which includes not only bingsu but snacks and drinks (like lattes).

For the bingsu, you can choose between a cup and a bowl! A cup is around 8 dollars each with tax while a bowl is around 11ish. At first I thought it was pricey for a cup but when I got it I realized how huge it was. Definitely share! 

They have a variety of flavors like mango, strawberry, matcha red bean, and tiramisu. Unlike Snow Time, they also add a scoop of ice cream to the top. You pick up your bingsu at the counter when it's ready. They put a lot of effort into the presentation here and it is so worth it. I had the matcha red bean in a cup and it was delicious. Loved the chewy, fresh mochi (Snow Time's mochi not so much). Just like Snow Time, all ingredients are layered. With my matcha one, I feel there wasn't enough matcha and by the time I got to the middle I felt it was mostly ice! Maybe it would be better if I got the bowl next time. I understand how it might be difficult to layer in a cup. I think it also depends on the flavor - my brother's tiramisu looked like there was good flavor all the way through.

Service is no frills and self-serve but courteous and friendly! When you're finished with your bingsu you take the tray they gave you back to the counter. There is free wifi and the password is on the wall by the door.

I feel like you can't quite compare Snow Time and The Cups. Totally different locations and decor and even flavors (The Cups has tiramisu and black sesame, Snow Time has a mixed fruit bingsoo and Oreo...). Their bingsu is very similar with small differences here and there (I think Snow Time layers a bit better in this case and The Cups has better mochi). Both are solid choices. Either way, will definitely be back when I'm in the area!Ǿ
Lovely little dessert place. My boyfriend and I stopped by after dinner and decided to try the Korean shaved ice, which we had never had before. It's different than Taiwanese shaved ice - in fact, I thought it was better! It looks like shredded coconut flakes and doesn't melt easily, but has a lovely milky yogurt flavour (not too sweet or too tart).

There are a number of flavours available in a small or large bowl size. We ordered the large strawberry shaved ice to share ($11.99). It came with sliced strawberries, strawberry puree, a scoop of ice cream, and condensed milk. It was a decent size, good for sharing between 2 people. I have nothing bad to say about it; it was like eating a delicious strawberry yogurt sundae and they were very generous with the sliced strawberries.

Will definitely revisit to try some of their drinks and other flavours of the shaved ice!Ǿ
The location is near the piggy restaurant so I came here after pigging out in piggy restaurant and decided to have dessert with the girls(friends) so we decided to order Injeolmi and mango shave ice cream. The look on these shaved ice cream look amazingly tasty! The injeolmi have mochi and some nuts perhaps? I could be wrong... but there's some syrup/sauce/cream that sweeten the fluffy shaved ice and allows it to melt and bind together, it wasn't too sweet so it taste really good, i love the Mochi texture as it was chewy but not to the point that tires u easily either or get bored of it easily. Additionally to injeolmi, I have also ordered the mango one.... this is sweeter and more refreshing as mango flavour entice the taste bud and makes everything more tropical! I like the fact that this one have mango sauce or syrup swirl in it and the ice cream also have some shaved almond! I believe this creates a perfect balance in the dessert. Overall I enjoyed the experience at this location... I won't say that this place is fancy, however is cozy, it's pretty small but you can fit about 25-30 people maximum in this location. Pretty bubbly place. I would definitely come back and try their coconut latte as I love coconut and who doesn't like a well crafted latte?Ǿ
The restaurant is VERY small! My friends and I had to sit by the washroom - basically blocking the aisle. We had to get up every time another customer needed to use the washroom. 
We ordered the mango bowl and it was very good!
The presentation was great! Who doesn't like condensed milk with fresh fruit and shaved ice!! I'd definitely come back but not with a big group.Ǿ
Ordered the Mango Shaved Ice. Even though it was winter and freezing cold outside it still left a warm spot in my heart. They have mastered the ice consistency to the point where you do not have to chew at all and the ice just melts away. 

I highly recommend this place. The only downfall is the space itself. It is very small with limited sitting. Very tight if you are a family looking to have a nice treat after a meal, especially if you bring a stroller.Ǿ
This place was very good, its small but the owner was lovely and friendly. Me and my friend came by wanting to try the famous Korean Bingsoo, and it was not disappointing. I would have given this place a 5/5 but the issue was the fruit, it was too sour and they used frozen fruits. I'm not sure if that is what regular bingsoo is suppose to use as it was my first time trying bingsoo. However, overall it was delicious and it is a place that I would definitely recommend and come again. The owner was so sweet and gave us recommendation for the next time we come. So this place definitely deserves a thumbs up! :DǾ
The Cups is a small shop on the busy Yonge Street, mainly famous for their shaved ice dessert :) I was following them closely when Yelp hosted the March Munchness battle back in March on IG, and The Cups actually won the championship in the entire GTA! Finally get to try it today :)

I order the Injeolmi Shaved Ice in a cup. It was topped with roasted soybean flour, condense milk and mochi :D I think the cup size was a decent size for one person. The shaved ice was light and fluffy as snow. I really enjoyed it and I'd definitely come back to try more flavours!

I also ordered a Ham & Cheese Sandwich... but they ran out of Ham, so Turkey it is! The sandwich was a bit funky, made with Kraft cheddar cheese, turkey, strawberry jam, and a scrambled egg made with corn kernels (what?). It was delicious in its own odd ways but I will just stick with shaved ice next time lol.

P.S. There is a 1 hour seating time limit because the place only has 4 small tables and 1 bar area. Maybe the one on Glen Cameron location is bigger?Ǿ
One of the best Bingsoo in the area. I came two days in a row, ordered Mango Bingsoo on the first day and Cheese Bingso the day after, both in a Cup size. After trying both flavors, I like the cheese bingsoo better as the mango bingso was quite oversweet. The mango one has both yogurt ice cream and mango puree so that the taste is doubled sweet. They also used frozen mango but that is not a problem for me because they need to use frozen fruits to avoid the snow ice from melting. For the Cheese Bingsoo, they use frozen cheesecake and it was a nice topping to the bingsoo. I love the snow ice for its consistency. It was so good that I couldn't stop eating. The owner was very nice and accommodating. I also like this place because they offer bingsoo in a cup size that we can eat on the go. 

Overall, I love this cute little bingsoo shop. I totally recommend and definitely come back every weekends.Ǿ
Great place to meet up with friends. Their snowflake shaved ice is amazing and they have a good selection of flavours. Lattes are all good too. Love this place!Ǿ
We came here on Good Friday. The store is small with only one staff working from what I could see. It is a self serve takeout restaurant which you will get yourself seated and get your own water at the counter. The storekeeper greeted us with a big smile and still direct us where to sit and went back to prepare the food for other customers. 

We ordered mango bingsoo (Korean shaved ice) and sesame bingsoo. Texture of the ice is fluffy with milk flavour. While I do like the sesame bingsoo which has generous amount of chewy Mochi and really flavourful and aromatic sesame powder, the mango bingsoo is made of mango that are mushy and sour. I know it's sometimes inevitable to use frozen fruits but it is worse than the frozen mango I got from average grocery stores. I would give 4 stars for my bingso and 2 start for the mango. They do have lots of other interesting items on the menu such as spam sushi and Asian inspired latte (taro, green tea, black sesame etc) 

I will still come back and give it another try.Ǿ
A family-owned business serving Korean desserts and savory dishes such as Cup Baps and Musubis. I've recently developed an addiction for Bingsu (Milk Shaved Ice), so I had to go check out 3 of their most popular flavours of Bingsu served in a cup. Alternatively, if you have a large group of friends, it can also be served in a large bowl. 

Mango is always my automatic go-to, but if you're looking to try something different, check out the Injeolmi Shaved Iced. If you visit their newest location at 5418 Yonge Street in North York, free visitor parking is available at the back of the building.Ǿ
Went here with my family and friends to try out something new in the area, as they were visiting from the States and out of province, they loved the desserts here and the people who served us were very kind. We went again the next evening, because we wanted to try more. Highly recommended for people who have recently moved into the area and for those visiting beyond just downtown Toronto.Ǿ
Korean Shaved Ice!!

The Cups offers smaller individual shave ice at $5.99 which is just perfect for me as I could able to order a smaller size for myself. No sharing needed!

The store is small and basic. There is a one hour limit per seating. But I was there when the place was empty. I ate my treat and left happily after 20 minute.

Injeolmi (Korean mochi, shredded almonds and soybean powder) with just a touch of condensed milk. Perfect!

I will be back.Ǿ
First time trying Korean shaved ice as an afternoon snack and it was a pretty pleasant experience.

The staff are very friendly and helpful. Ordered a cup of black sesame shaved ice ($7.50+tax) and it took around 15 mins to make it as there were some orders before mine. They only take debit or cash.

The black sesame toppings consist of black sesame powder, black sesame ice cream, almonds, red beans, and mochi. The black sesame powder is very strong and not too sweet. Unlike black sesame soft serve, you can actually smell the black sesame!! The black sesame ice cream is just average, much like the ice cream in the supermarket. The red beans on the top are unsweetened, personally, I would prefer it to be a little sweeter. Also 6 pieces of korean mochi on the top, unsweetened as well. There's also some more black sesame powder in the center of the cup so that the shaved ice on the bottom has flavour.

As for the shaved ice itself, it says it is milk-flavoured, but I can't really taste anything. I would prefer the Taiwanese-style where the flavours are blended into the ice itself. Also, it's not like Taiwanese shaved ice where it's layers of ice, it's more like snow. 

Overall, I would give 4/5 stars. I would say it's a little too pricey for a cup of dessert, but I wouldn't mind every once in a while. Also, I think the service should be a little faster. There were 3 employees working to make the orders (3 in front of me before I entered), and it still takes 15 mins for a small cup.Ǿ
This place was quite disappointing I have to say. Came in for lunch because I saw the bulgogi sandwich on their menu, but I guess I should have read all the reviews since I found out they stopped serving these a few weeks ago. This is not a brunch, breakfast or lunch place. It's known for their shaved ice dessert so don't come here looking to  fill up on lunch. Anyways, I made that grave mistake but ordered a coconut latte and king dumping anyways. They have interesting latte choices (which btw do not have caffeine in them)...there was sweet potato, red bean, taro and chai latte. The king dumpling was not a dumpling! It was just a single veggie bun which cost $2.50 so don't order it. I may come back here to try the shaved ice but nothing else. So sad.Ǿ
One of the best bingsu I've had. I tried the mango bingsu in a bowl and it was a good amount to share between two people. Lots of mango chunks, chopped almonds and cheesecakes with fine powdery like shaved ice. When I mixed the bingsu with the condensed milk, it became almost like melted ice cream. Some shaved ice from other places don't come with enough toppings so it can be difficult to finish once you get to the bottom where you're just left with ice. However it's not the same case here at The Cups. They give generous amount of toppings and layered in a very appetizing manner. I'd recommend it!Ǿ
The shaved ice is amazing! I had the tiramisu and at first it looks like a lot but the ice melts into a delicious ice cream, I will deff come back to try he other flavours !Ǿ
Decent price but the fruits they using are all frozen fruits...... meh... My first and my last visit. For sure not coming back.Ǿ
This place is bombbb!! 
1. Park your car
2. Line up
3. Order the tiramisu or mango 
4. Worry about the calories later 
5. Demolish your cup 
6. Get back in your car and drive off
7. Come back tomorrow 

True storyǾ
Cute place to get shaved ice. The sizes were kinda smaller than I thought they would be but was very good. The lady working there was very nice and friendly.Ǿ
After dinner me and a friend came here for dessert. This place is self serve so you need to order and pick up the food by yourself. We got the green tea bingsoo. At first I thought the shaved ice was coconut because it looked very dry. So good!!! I took a bite and I just kept smiling. Will definitely come backǾ
My boyfriend and I actually went to the Yonge and Steeles location thinking it was the same one, but apparently this Yonge and Finch location is the only location that carries their hot food (the Musubis and bulgogi rice in a cup, etc.)
So we finally came to this location hoping to order their bulgogi rice in a cup, but turns out they didn't have it that day. How lucky. Instead the lady recommended us to try their bulgogi sandwich with kimchi (~$6). Long bun stuffed with bulgogi meat, lettuce, cheese, mushrooms, and topped with kimchi. The sandwich was cold, the meat inside wasn't too hot either. I recall bulgogi being more of thinly sliced beef instead of these thick cuts. There were a lot of mushrooms stuffed inside so that was nice. 

I also ordered the black sesame latte. This was really good, strong in black sesame flavor since it wasn't powdered flavor but grinded real black sesame. Essentially tasted like black sesame milk. Quite expensive for a small cup though, I think after tax it was $5.29 for a small.

Will want to come back when they do have their rice cups and give a more updated review.Ǿ
Came here during lunch on a weekday and it's packed.  They serve Korean shaved ice, toast and drinks.  I had the Injeolmi shaved ice and taro latte.  Injeolmi is my fave; it's milk shaved ice with soybean powder and rice cake.  The shaved ice is fluffy, airy and light.  The rice cake is soft and chewy.  I like to get it in a cup; not only it's the right size for one, it also looks good with the layers in a see through cup.  Taro latte is smooth and in nice purple.  Decent service and prices : )