I ordered the Uncle Phill earlier today. It was pretty good, and the portion was big (well for me anyway.) Definitely tastes fresh. I think it was a really slow day today or something, because The cashier/waitress and the cook looked incredibly bored. Overall, my meal was satisfying, but awkward.笑
Surprised to see the mediocre reviews of this place because I had a pretty pleasant experience. Mind you, I only tried this place yesterday.

Was walking around Queen West with time to kill and a stomach running on empty. Was trying to decide where to eat and walked past this place, which was playing People Under The Stairs (the hip-hop group, not the movie) nice and clearly. I looked in as I walked by, bobbing my head but kept walking -- but then I stopped. Decided it was time to devour a sammy and Murrays was going to be my soundtrack.

Walked to the back, complemented the cute girl working there on the music and then browsed their chalkboard of sandwiches. I decided to go with the Dogfather with breaded chicken. Also grabbed a fruit beverage and the total came up to around 13 dollars. A little pricey but it was pretty much what I would expect to pay for Queen West snacks.

I sat down and they brought the sandwich out for me, which took no time at all. I went to town on it and was more than satisfied. The overall taste was that of a California Sandwich but not nearly the same size and thickness. Still I was totally fine with my purchase, but might try something like the Burgster (6oz burger) or Uncle Phil (steak) next time.

The decor is clean and simple. They have a lot of old issues of Wired Magazine on the tables, which is fine by me as I love that magazine. The hip-hop continued the whole time I was there with tracks by Black Star and The Roots, so bonus points for the solid tunes. I do think maybe they should knock one dollar off each sandwich though.笑
I've been waiting for a good affordable lunch spot to open up in the queen west area for some time now. Unfortunately i'm going to have to keep waiting. Murrays looks great on the surface. It reminds me of Reggie's on king st, except Reggie's sandwiches are delicious. Murrays seems like a failed copy with inflated prices for this area. 

I think they would do better if they dropped the price on everything by 1 dollar which would probably bring in the lunch crowd. There are way tastier offerings in that area for much cheaper.笑
This place is amazing! The sandwiches are great! I've had the Burger, the BLT, and the Chicken Salad (the only ok one of the bunch). The burger is so good I pass Hero Burger every time I walk to Murray's for one. The sweet potato fries are great as well, and they do serve beer, but they don't have a full bar. 

The burger is somewhat like a meatball burger. The patty is shaped normal and everything, but I think they must mix eggs and bread crumbs or something like that because it's unique. :)

My partner and I go here 2-5 times a month and we love it. My only complaint is that it's priced like a casual table service place and not priced cafeteria style like it is. A meal with a sandwich, fries, and soda cost around $14. It should be more like $10-$11.笑
Got the veal sandwich which had bonus eggplant in it. Not the best I've ever had but definitely hit the spot and didn't seem as unhealthy as some of the better tasting ones. Also not cheap but the location is super convenient so it's understandable.笑
Had the BLT-izzy and the Chicken Tzatziki. Tasty, but pretty pricey for a sandwich that didn't really have anything special. The Tzatziki sauce was loaded on the sandwich by the bucketful and it was getting everywhere. Atmosphere was good, quality rap selections on the stereo with snowboard videos on the TV screens, but I'd say pass. There are lots of exciting alternatives on Queen St. instead.笑
Service was okay, the wait time was a little excessive for a burger but there were only 2 people in the kitchen so whatever. The price is okay too, I ordered the Burgster and took it go. Loved the bun and the mayo. The burger was dry and also missing the cheese. Overall, meh I've experienced better.笑
We saw this one on 'You Gotta East Here' and decided WTH its Sunday, let take a drive to Queen West. Sooooo glad we did. Simply A Sandwich elevated. We had the 
The DogFather with chicken. One bite and you cannot stop. Sides were poutine and sweet potatoe fries. Also quite good.
The Girl at the front of house really knew her stuff and made us feel welcome, and the boys in the back well let's just say we'll be back.

Final note: had to take a nap once home... seriously笑
So yeah, Burger Week. Looking for a simple burger, I decided to stop by here for their $5 deal.

The aesthetics of this restaurant were somewhat lacking, but I'll that let slide since it's the food that matters usually. Though I wish this place had A/C to begin with...

As for the burger itself, it tasted...exactly like a $5 burger. The American cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions, and Murray mayo all tasted good...however the patty was smaller than what I had anticipated, similar to a quarter pounder. I guess for $5 you shouldn't expect much, and the cashier (who by the way is one of the best in doing her job) did say the portions will be smaller in order to accompany the fact it's a $5 burger. Fine, I'll give it a pass.

Will I come back though? If I'm in the area, I'll definitely consider. However with the burger joints around the city it certainly doesn't hurt to explore around.笑
Fantastic bread, good quality ingredients, and a little expensive.  If you are looking to treat yourself once in a while to a delicious sandwich, check out Murray's Sandwich Emporium!  Their stock burger (Burgster) is pretty good, and the decor of the eating area is pretty rad too!

If you are looking for a place to each lunch everyday, then Murray's may not be the place for you, unless you are a gazillionaire.笑
I admit it.

I'm a fat kid trapped in a somewhat slim adult.

So when I heard that these guys deep fry Nutella, I knew my little fat kid inside would force me to visit and gorge on this.

So I did and I did.

It was delicious. I kinda wished it had more Nutella, cuz you can never go wrong with more Nutella. The sweet potato fries were yummy as well.

I will be back when my fat kid inside is sleeping and try some of the other sandwiches.

The cashier, counter girl was really cool and nice and pretty, the perfect trio of awesomeness.

Go please, you will enjoy笑
I was surprised at the high prices and the oily sandwich. They should post the sandwich's caloric content because it looks like it would be way too high. For $8 a sandwich needs to have less fat, more pork and maybe use of better quality ingredients.
I need to jog now.
I doubt they will do so笑
I've been meaning to try Murray's for a while now.. So when I couldn't find anything to eat, I decided to pop in and try the Nutella sandwich.  

What a disappointment.

It seemed more like french fries with some nutella in em. 

All batter, super greasy tasting and you could barely taste the nutella.  The "whipped" peanut butter is more like hard peanut better from a jar scooped into a plastic cup.

I think they might be better off making grilled nutella sandwiches.. The delicious flavor and texture of Nutella was completely lost in the deep fry process.笑
The sweet potato fries were crispy and delicious, and the chicken salad sandwich was delightful. Sadly it appears the place has closed its doors.笑
Oh man...I kinda wish I hadn't already been full when I got here but thankfully my girlfriend wasn't...so she had some food.

The fried stuff here was great, and more over it was just interesting food.

Is it the best "quality" or the best "flavorful" or something like that, no, but it is tasty, it has a lot of inventive looking stuff.

I didn't think it was too expensive. I mean, everything here was less than 10 bucks. The fries were really tasty too.

Would I run back here? Maybe not, but if I was hungry, in the area and wanted a sammich, this'd be high up on my list笑
It's not so much the prices that are wrong with this place....but the food itself.  $7 isn't a lot for a sandwich in Toronto...it strikes me as pretty run of the mill for downtown prices. 

However....the food is just boring, and kind of bland. I got the tuna sandwich, and while fine, that was it, just fine. Like others have mentioned, it really was just tuna in a bun.  And the bun wasn't even very good.  

I love a good sandwich, and I'm willing to pay for it.  But this place just isn't supplying.笑
I dropped by this place unexpectedly and walked out satisfied.

I split 2 sandwiches with my friend: Burgster and the Pulled Pork. 

The bun was soft and deliciously fresh. The pulled pork was yummy and had the right balance of flavors. The burger was simple and tasty. Served with a side of cornichon.

Not ingenious, but worth it!笑
DEEP-FRIED NUTELLA SANDWICHES.

I hesitate to give it such a lofty rating after my first visit only because I didn't try anything else, but tell me, oh Drunken Citizens of Toronto, where else can you find DEEP-FRIED NUTELLA SANDWICHES?

It's a bit pricey - $5 for 4 sticks w/ whipped peanut butter - but it was worth paying for the novelty and warmness that it gave my innards.

PS. There are also deep-fried jam sandwiches available.
PPS. Will be re-reviewed once I try a sandwich, onion rings + poutine.笑
Love these burgers. My faves are the DogFather and the Burgster. A bit pricey but then again..it's Queen St. Will be back many times.笑
I love love love their soup.  I'm not a huge carb person so I tend to skip the sandwiches but their soups are always delicious.  Awesome service, too.笑
I bet this place is great for most people, but as a vegetarian getting the eggplant version of the dogfather, I was disappointed. It lacked much to it and I for 10 dollars was not worth it. Plus the bun I got was warm/chewy which made me feel like try microwaved it. I would give these guys 2/5 for the sandwich but since the staff were so nice I will give it a 3/5.笑
Admittedly pricey, but the pulled pork sammie was very good, as were the ubiquitous sweet potato fries.  Nice dudes at the counter.笑
Literally ran into this place (face first) the other day and thought, "I do love a sandwich." The rest is history. Tasty, sticky, messy history.

I had their BLTizzy which boasted bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado. Kind of an odd mix but I liked it. Everything was super fresh and the bacon was amazing. I washed the whole thing down with two pickles and a tomato soup. My friend had a chicken sandwich that was roughly the size of a small dog and Yukon Gold fries. Tack on a Boylan soda and a Sprite and we had one large meal with a price to match.

There's seating for maybe 18 people if you tuck in your elbows and hold your breath at the tables. I would have liked to see a counter for people that are stuck standing. Maybe they're trying to encourage take out though.

The hardwood everywhere is nice and while I liked the music they were playing, I'd be happy to hear more Jeru and Blahzay-Blah than Biggie Smalls telling girls to take their shirts off.

Murray's prices aren't great but they aren't bad either. I can see the comparison with Reggie's but the two menus are entirely different so it's a little unfair to compare them. If Murray's starts making wagon wheel sized cookies then I'd call them a copy cat, till then I'll be happy to try out the rest of the menu and see how it stands.

Oh, they should have their debit and credit up and running by now but just in case, bring cash.笑
This place is overpriced, and honestly - not that good. I thought the onion rings were soggy & the sandwich toppings left much to be desired.笑
Had the chance to try Murray's Sandwich Emporium on Queen West the other day. I'm not a big eater however i was quite disappointed to discover how small the portion sizes were.  I had the chance to try one of their specials of the day which was a double patty slider and their Uncle Phils. Nothing special about the slider... tasted like any other burger.  I was surprised to see how small the baguette was for the Uncle Phils steak sandwich.  It was a standard length maybe 6 inches but seemed a bit anemic.笑
I can still feel the intense burn of the BB gun pellet in my thigh from that fateful night in Windsor, Ontario when he shot me at close range in a drunken stupor as I cowered under a coffee table, and then flash forward to me screaming "Hey, there's that jerkoff!" and pointing at his stupid face on TV as his restaurant was featured on You Gotta Eat Here (Canada's slightly less annoying version of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives), but how can you hold a grudge against a guy who names his sandwich shop after his adorable wiener dog, Murray, and serves sandwiches like The Uncle Phil (his version of the Philly cheesesteak), or The Gimme The Keys Grilled Cheese (triple decker with the cheese of the day), but this time I opted for the Big Tahuna, which was a generous blob of tuna salad with celery, red peppers, cucumbers and cheese stuffed into a toasted bun and washed it down with a pint of 1516 to the satisfaction of my gluten-deprived gullet while backpacker hip hop blasted through the speakers (pro-tip: don't even get him started on Drake).笑
The story goes, according to the Murray's Sandwich Emporium website, that Murray is a weiner dog who loves the finer things in life. Despite the obvious assumptions, Murray does not take kindly to eating regular old hot dogs. He prefers a more delectable, refined meal. What does Murray like the most? Sandwiches, of course! In fact, he loves them so much that he  used all of his love and expertise to build a sandwich shop for his fellow sandwich lovers. Thus, Murray's Sandwich Emporium sprang to life.

I recently found myself in the exact same conundrum as Murray the dog was; I was sick of my same-ol'-same-ol' packed lunches, and I was searching for something better. I know you're thinking that sandwiches have to be the most cliché lunch choice of them all, but one look at Murray's menu, and you'll know that you're in for something much different. 

There is not a huge selection (by sheer number) at Murray's, but each item is unique, and there is a decent range of combinations across the board. There are meatless, chicken, beef, fish, cheese and even sweet sandwiches, plus a decent offering of sides (note: combos and sides are extra). 

The restaurant itself is pretty simplistic. It's small, has exposed and undecorated brick walls and two large wooden tables with stools scattered around them. The chalkboard menu hangs on the wall, and there is a small refrigerator full of beverages just off to the side. It is all very subdued and quite appropriate for a sandwich shop.

I held back a bit on my first trip to Murray's. I didn't really know what to expect, how big the servings would be, and what kind of value I would find there. I decided to go with The Uncle Phil: sliced ribeye, onions, green peppers and ooey, gooey, messy, melty provolone cheese on a beautiful baguette. 

Truthfully, I thought the bread was the best part of this sandwich. I don't feel bad for discounting the meat or toppings because, for sandwiches at least, the bread is just as much a star in the meal as anything else. The baguette was clearly very fresh, they keep it tender (but crispy) and most importantly, not over or under-stuffed. The meat was tender too, but it needed a bit more oomph. The green peppers were just slightly sautéed, giving them a nice crunch and, as mentioned above, the cheese was gloriously gooey. All of that was topped off with a pickle - for nine bucks!

I felt that I didn't really get the whole experience of Murray's my first time around, so on my second visit I decided to get into some side dishes. I certainly didn't hold back on my sandwich choice with The BL-Tizzy - double smoked B, of course some L and T, house-made mayo, avocado and an egg (a $1.00 add-on). I threw all of that into a combo with some onion rings and a can of pop, bringing my total to $12 plus tax. This is a bit pricey in my opinion, but considering the amount of food they give you, it's not so bad. Here again, I thought the bread stood out more than anything else. It was so fresh and tasted of near perfection. Just like The Uncle Phil, the fillings were good but, other than the sheer volume, they were fairly regular...tasty, but regular.

Overall, Murray's Sandwich Emporium offers a delicious product that is definitely over-sized and that will satisfy your hunger. Plus, they're open for lunch, dinner and late-night eats. However, as tasty as the sandwiches are, I can't say anything really blew me away. Yes, the menu item names are unique and fun and the serving sizes are huge, but nothing is really over the top. That being said, sometimes simple is best; they know what they're good at, they know how to make a good sandwich, and they're consistent. 

Good boy, Murray.笑
I had the chicken godfather today for lunch with hot peppers. I've never been to this resto before and wasn't expecting much because of the 3/5 rating here but I was very pleasantly surprised. My sandwich was delicious! The tomato sauce was flavourful with just the right acidity, the chicken had a thin crispy breading and was perfectly cooked, the eggplant added nice texture and flavour, and the bun was soft. Really good sandwich. 
Bonus: they were playing old school hip hop- awesome soundtrack. 

My sandwich was $9 and so damn good. It's a nice place too, it's low key and the wood tables added to the feel of the place. Loved having a bottle of Siracha at each seat too, what a nice touch.  I would return and recommend. -1 star for the attitude from the hipster cashier. Otherwise, loved it!笑
I got the vegetarian Dogfather, which implies breaded eggplant instead of veal or chicken based on the menu. However, what I got looked like they just removed the meat from the sandwich and gave me the other toppings (which includes non-breaded eggplant, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, cheese and tomato sauce).  I felt totally ripped off considering it cost the same as the meat versions ($9).

My fiancé had the Turkey Club, and she was not impressed either. It was good, but not worth the $9.  She went to Porchetta today and was much more satisfied with her $6.45 breakfast sandwich.