Did you know there are currently 8 Friendly Thai restaurants in Toronto? I didn't.

This location is the best one that I've tried, and it was also the first (they say you always remember your first...).

Located deep in the heart of Roncesvalles village, sandwiched between arguably the best produce shop in Toronto (Maple Produce) and a decent coffee bar (Lit), The Friendly Thai was a mainstay of mine when I lived in the neighbourhood.

Food: Exceptionally tasty. My favourite and recommended dish: Chicken Curry Pad Thai ($10.99). I almost always order this dish. If you get take-out or delivery, it comes in a generously-sized container (they actually used to have a larger take-out container but sadly retired it a couple years back in favour of the more economical size currently in use) with a side of peanuts. Add a side serving of coconut rice and you've got yourself a meal, friend!

Service: Ranging anywhere from pleasant to unhelpful and rude, depending on the person working that night. I like to think of the quality of service I'll receive in game-like terms, akin to playing Wheel of Fortune. For example, 'What kind of service will I get this time? Spin the wheel. Crap service! Oh, how unfortunate.

Ambience: Intimate and cozy. Dine-in is a viable option at this location. The decor is warm and inviting, and when the place gets packed, it is a very fun and lively space to enjoy a meal.Ǿ
I don't know what the heck happened to the Friendly Thai but the two locations I frequented  (Roncesvalles and The Junction) have totally gone downhill.  I used to eat at them both regularly and was happy with the food and how consistent it always was, then one day I went to one of them and everything was prepared differently (and BADLY) and I did not enjoy my meal at all.  The pad thai sauce tasted like bottled sweet and sour sauce and ketchup just thrown together, and the peanut sauce was icky sweet and not at all peanuty.  I decided to just stick with the other location from there on out but the next time I went I experienced exactly the same thing!  I am not sure if they revised all their recipes and sent them out chain-wide or if the Roncesvalles and Junction locations happen to be managed by the same people.  Regardless, it reflects badly on the entire chain and I will not be going to ANY location, EVER again.  Blech....Ǿ
I won't be going back to the Friendly Thai, at least not for the pad thai. I've never had a pad thai so sickly sweet and watery. There was a wide array of veggies which was a plus, but that could not save this dish. I wouldn't have eaten as much as I did, if I wasn't starving. I tried a bite of a friend's curry pad thai, which had a good savoury curry flavour. This might bring me back there, if I had no other Thai place to go to.Ǿ
I don't know if they changed management or something lately but a restaurant I used to love ordering from has messed up my order consistently the last few times. Most recently, I ordered delivery and told them I needed a card reader. They sent the driver without it. He insisted that I get in his car and drive to an ATM. No. Called the restaurant and they resolved it (paid), but my partners order was wrong.
Prior to this he found a plastic tag in his food. We called to complain and got met with indifference.
I don't think we'll be ordering from here again.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I have been ordering from this place for the past couple of years, but lately have noticed the quality of the food and standards deteriorating. The final straw for us was last week's delivery. We had ordered the "vegetarian lovers for two" meal combo. When we opened the contents, we were amazed that they had given us all meat dishes... luckily we are not full vegetarians and hate wasting food, but had we been the former we would have thrown it out... it was still disappointing and unacceptable... they did not even both to respond to our complaints. Will be looking out for a new Thai restaurant in the neighborhood for future.Ǿ
I prefer this location to the other ones in the city. We live really close to the Queen West one, but order delivery or dine-in at this one.

Dine in service is always friendly, and quick. Dishes are veganizable, there are lots of options, the food is always tasty and the portions are huge (we're eaters, but we still end up taking food home with us). The food could be spicier, but that seems pretty standard in this city and nothing a bit of hot sauce can't fix.

My delivery experiences have varied. When I order things through Order-It or Just Eat,  the resulting delivery takes forever, there are often issues with our order (like egg in the pad thai when we specifically said vegan/no egg), and the prices are more expensive than just ordering directly. 

So we started calling them to place delivery orders and things went much more smoothly. Orders seemed to come faster with no mistakes.Ǿ
I recently ordered delivery from here and I preferred it to its sister location on Queen.
Delivery was prompt, portions were generous and the chicken Phad Thai was delicious.  One caveat emptor: I ordered a new dish "Devil Beef" which I was told over the phone was a "little bit spicy". 
Don't get me wrong, it was really tasty, but it was pretty hot. Crispy strips of beef & veg in a sweetish-sauce loaded with sweat-inducing chilies. 
It was a "little" spicy in the same way that a Peter Jackson film runs a "little bit long," or the CN Tower is a "little" overpriced for a glorified elevator ride.
I will definitely order from here again, but I will request my food to be a "little" mild-to-medium next time.Ǿ
I ordered take away oodles of noodles vegetarian yesterday for lunch. I got home, and using my computer, ate with one hand. The first couple bites were grainy - I thought this was pepper, and then I took a bite and my mouth was filled with sharp shards - I spat everything out, and it was bits of sharp burnt black plastic. On close inspection, there was a ton of these shards throughout my dish. I called the restaurant right away, and photographed the plastic shards, but the owner was "busy out doing deliveries" and a day later has still not returned my call. I have filed a complaint with Toronto Health. Don't eat here. I have no idea how much plastic I actually ate.Ǿ
This place was recommended to me and although the food lived up to expectations the service was truly terrible. As the only people in the retaurant we had to overhear the wait staff planning their weekend with their friends, and actually had to interrupt their phone conversation to add an item to our order. Although good food is important, this restaurant seems to take their customers for granted. I'll think twice before going here again.Ǿ
Service: wow...making a mistake in the order, two orders in a row????? is that just coincidence or plain incompetence? I let you decide.
A few weeks ago we ordered over the phone for pick up, and instead of a mild pad thai we got curry pad thai. I called to let them know and they put a credit for a free chicken pad thai for our next order. Fair enough.
Our last order, I mentioned this credit to the busy employee on the other side of the line, and he forgot to ask me if it was for pick up or delivery, and sent the poor delivery guy home when I was driving to the restaurant to pick the order up.
When I got there they only said: "oh sorry...". The one that got the raw end of the deal was the delivery guy. Sorry pal, no tip from us...that's why I always choose pick up.

Food: all I can say is this: decline. This place used to be good. That's why we kept ordering for the last little while. But lately the food has been either too spicy or too bland.

If you are looking for thai, the Junction has plenty of choices. Until I start seeing better reviews from this friendly thai location, I will not go back.Ǿ
Have been ordering from and eating at this restaurant for a few years, at least a couple of times a month,  and it's always been reasonably good with occasional lack lustre dishes and occasional very good dishes.

My last several orders and have been increasingly sub par and missing things like dipping sauces, chop sticks and side dishes (like rice) and my ordering from here has trailed off in the past few months.

Last night we tried again and this order was the final straw.

The Cold Spring Roll was almost entirely lettuce, with a few thin slices of carrots, peppers and tofu.  The little bit of  avocado was partially grey and very over-ripe. There was no dipping sauce or coriandor at all.

The AVOCADO PEANUT STIR-FRY was made from the same over-ripe avocado as the cold spring roll.  The veggies were definitely not fresh and the whole dish was swimming in a bland watery sauce.  The brown rice side was dry and crunchy, at least a day old.

The green curry was reasonable but entirely devoid of thai basil, so it was very tasteless.

To top it off, we both got minor poisoning.

I would avoid this rapidly deteriorating restaurant.Ǿ
Monday was the Chili chicken special. The sauce was okay to good. The chicken was mostly dry. I did mention this to the wait person. She said she would pass it along to chef. No reply back. I don't know about the other food, but I do not recommend the Chili Chicken. Had anyone else had a similar experience or was I just unlucky?Ǿ
First, do not use 10% off for lunch delivery ever!!! It's kind of a bad trick. The menu says "free delivery and 10% off for lunch delivery "  I got delivery with 10% off of dinner price means same price as just lunch price. If you don't get discount, I can get just lunch special price and spring rolls as well. 

Second, I got worst Pod Thai in my life. The taste was like just ketchup and too much over cooked noodle.Ǿ
The delivery was quick and the curry was good. But I ordered veggie fried rice with no eggs and even the description of the item didn't say egg.  I can't eat eggs and didn't notice it was in there and I got sick. I emailed the restaurant to let them know and never got a response back.  Will not be going back.Ǿ
My partner and I come here pretty regularly since she lives in the neighborhood. As mentioned in other reviews, the food here is nothing especially amazing but it does have a decent atmosphere and generous portions. Definitely not somewhere worth trekking to but if you're nearby, it's a reasonable option.Ǿ
Live in the area and order at least once a week for a couple of years.  Never thought I would write a review, but because of poor customer service last night, January 26, 2015, want to voice my experience.  Ordered food as usual for take out.  Picked it up, should have looked in bag because all order wasn't there when I got home.  Freezing cold, called the restaurant to say didn't receive an item.  Was put on hold actually for a longer time than needed, the young lady returned to the phone and said I complained about not received the same item back in September! She made it sound like I was trying to get a free spring roll, made me feel like I was lying and her tone of voice certainly changed to angry.  LOL!  Been ordering food there a long time, time to find a more customer friendly restaurant.Ǿ
Great meal.  Large portions, Quick service and reasonably priced.  I had the crispy beef and it was great.  They looked very busy with lots of order pick ups so looks like a popular place.Ǿ
Caution: This Veggie Dinner for Two may include bites of an offensive nature. Eater discretion is advised.Ǿ
Not the worst place, and if I had to go back, I wouldn't grumble about it.  We had their Pad Thai and a spring roll dish.  Nothing special at all.  Service for a lunch where there were only 2 tables... coulda been better.  Server is nice and all, but she kept singing all the songs that came on the radio when we wanted a quiet lunch.

Likely not coming back.Ǿ
Horrible quality: everything was the same colour brown, greasy and flavourless. "Food" was slathered in onions and lemons making it even more inedible.  Dishes that were promoted to have vegetables had NONE.  Service was non existent.  Delivery person was unable to operate a basic intercom system; it took 15 EXTRA minutes on top of the 75 minutes to get the delivery.  ZERO STARS (not available)Ǿ
The food is good IF they get your order right.

I ordered a vegetable pad thai for delivery. It was loaded with chicken. And no vegetables.Ǿ
We have ordered from here in the past and have been pleased with the food. But tonight the service is appalling. We ordered in, the person taking the order told us it would be here in 45 minutes, and I'm writing this at the 1 hour mark. When I called in, the assistant manager, Kate, began to tell me how long it was "really" taking, and that the person I was speaking to told me "within an hour" instead of 45 minutes. Now that's a bit rich... Bad service will always trump the quality of the food. Like I said, the food here was good, but management and the servers have no sense of courtesy or customer service.

Update: At 1 hour and 45 minutes the delivery guy showed up. This is 1 hour after they told us the food would be here, and 45 minutes after we cancelled the order. Good grief.Ǿ
Really good curry chicken pad Thai! Food was hot when it was delivered and came quickly! Great portions, no concerns with orders. Have yet to have any complaints so giving this place 5 stars!Ǿ
I'll be short and to the point. Don't be fooled by the nice looking interior. The food here is of a very low quality. You know what isn't in green thai curry in Thailand? Broccoli.
Tom Yum soup? like it came out of a can and added hot water. With 4 mushroom and overboilded shrimp. Pad thai was actually the worst of the three.
Only ate there cause Thai Chef had a 1.45 minute wait for delivery. Get your food from there. It's 1000x better than this place. Which is terrible.Ǿ
I love this place. It's one of my favourite Thai places in the city for sure.

The staff is super friendly and helpful. They're awesome in terms of correcting problems with your order. 

The red curry is one of the best I've had, I love it. It could be a tiny bit spicier, but it's probably my fault for not asking for this.  The green mango salad is to die for! Perfect in every way (I'm eating it right now actually!).  Perfect amount of each ingredient.

The only complaint I'd have is that three times when I ordered the Friendly Thai Meal, they forgot my mango juice! This is a problem, I now always call or indicate on my online order to include the juice, as it's included in the price. It's a tad annoying, but the food and service make this a super small inconvenience.

Highly recommended!Ǿ
I called to place and order and was told that my order didn't meet the delivery minimum. Their website says very clearly that the delivery is free with a minimum order of $15. She explained to me that "prices are subject to change". Food prices and delivery costs are 2 different things.  Also, my order was a whopping .50 short of their unpublished delivery minimum. You would think that since the website is inaccurate an exception could be made, but I guess they're doing such a brisk business that they can turn down customers. Will never order from Friendly Thai again.Ǿ
Second time ordering take out from here given positive fb reviews in the community. Food is sub-par at best. Pad Thai looks and tastes like goop with no flavour. Won't be ordering again.Ǿ
Just ordered the Thai spicy noodle and they weren't lying. It is really spicy. I usually order spicy since I have a high tolerance for the stuff but this is very spicy. So just beware. When they say spicy, they mean spicy. The overall taste isn't bad. I wouldn't say it's the best I've had.Ǿ
Great location, if you seat by the window, you can see all the people walking by. Food is good and the staff is nice .Ǿ
I generally enjoy eating at this place despite being somewhat unpredictable on quality. The decor is minimal, ambiance is relaxed and service is friendly - quite similar to other Friendly Thai restaurants in the city. 

Overall, it's just another (slightly expensive - I would take a toonie off each main dish) Thai restaurant; nothing distinctive to write home about.Ǿ
My favorite Friendly Thai location. Not a huge fan of Thai food but this place sure beats Spring Rolls and any other Thai place I've been to so far...Ǿ
I do agree with Steve on many aspects of his review although I would like to focus on the food quality as I always order takeout from here as opposed to dining in.  I would like to point out too, the slow service when dining in.

But since I order from here often, I can vouch that the food is consistently great, hot and without error in content.

Some random notes:
The basil beef, chicken and seafood is very good and generous.
The coconut rice is overly sweet.
The pad Thai is typically ketchupy which I kinda like.
The coconut mushroom soup is very good.
I like the cold rolls. Always fresh.
And if they're making the crispy beef (which they don't always do, but if they are, it's delicious) it is often over cooked so ask them to...well... not over cook it.

Enjoy!Ǿ
After having a not so great experience at The Friendly Thai location in the Junction, I decided to give the chain another chance and met up with friends for dinner in Ronncy.

We ordered the Curry Pad Thai with Shrimp ($12.99), Crispy Beef Special ($8.95) and Tofu Satay dinner ($9.99).  

Service was quick, friendly and food arrived steaming hot in an average amount of time.  Our meals were decent and better than the Junction location.  Portions were large and we had enough leftovers for lunch.Ǿ
This review is for delivery.  The food is fresh, it's delivered quickly, and the lady on the phone is nice.  All of that is worth four stars.

The reason I give this place five stars is the seafood hot and sour soup.  I love a good bowl of hot and sour, and I feel this is the best in the city, by a long shot.  Best eight bucks I can spend.Ǿ
Not too impressed with The Friendly Thai lately. They changed one of their deals of getting a free mango chicken when ordering over $35 to $40 and they have not updated their brochures/menus to reflect this.

Delivery has been taking longer and longer. The driver did not have change so I had to call In and give my credit card number. 

The straw that broke the camel's back was finding several big pieces of paper towel in the vegetable dish we ordered. We discovered these by trying to chew these thinking they were pieces of cabbage.  That really grossed us out. Not just one piece but several pieces. 

My last order from here will be my last time ever as I have found a better place for Thai delivery with better quality and deals.Ǿ
I didn't see the reviews before I ordered there. I wish I had

Poor service. Had to ask several times for a basic item. Plus servers didn't know the Thai word for a dish. When I ordered "Pad Kee Mao" (written as such on the menu), they repeated, "You mean the spicy noodles?". No, I meant Pad Kee Mao. "Oh I'm not sure what that is." Okay.

Everything was just kind of bland. Nothing terrible but nothing memorable either. Nothing to write home about.

Go if you're desperate, but your money is better spent elsewhere.

Plus, please turn off that loud Taylor Swift playing nonstop! It's a nicely decorated Thai restaurant, for goodness sake.Ǿ
It was my first visit and you only get first impressions once.

I went for lunch yesterday with a few business colleagues. The service was very friendly and there was very few people in there because we went early, around 11:45am. We ordered tea, it came completely cold, and we sent it back. The server stated they just turned the machine on so the water was not warm yet. Why did you serve it to us if you knew this? Not a big deal, but in terms of the entire experience, it didn't get any better.  Next we ordered our lunch, I ordered Hot and Sour Thai Soup and the Basil Lamb with Rice. The soup and some spring rolls for the table came right away and the Soup was delicious as were the spring rolls. Next we waited over 30 mins for our main course, in the mean time the place went from just us there to many people there, all eating food served to them, ordered after our food, served to them before us. For a "quick" lunch it was after 1:15 before we got out of there.

The basil lamb was tasty, but it could have been better, there was way more green and red peppers than lamb, but it was tasty.

The trip to the bathroom was not a very good one either, the basement smelled like bad fish and the washroom was not clean at all.

Sorry to be harsh, but this was not a great place, the food was good, but the environment and service speed out weighted my rating down to a 2.Ǿ
MY REVISIT AFTER A YEAR OUT OF THE COUNTRY

What an utter disappointment.  I had noticed in the past that on any given day the food was either great or just average depending on either what chef was on or if it was his time of the month.  Well now I can say that it is without doubt one of the worst places I have ever been to food wise.  Hire a real chef PLEASE.  One that has pride in his work.... even training.  Huh?

A curry is not supposed to be thinner than water - it dilutes the taste. I needed to throw my avocado a rubber ducky it was drowning... but it was too late.... there was nothing I could do.

Stick with the starters and you will be fine but seriously, hire the old chef back or at least buy a little corn flour or something.

This place used to be one of my favourites but its' custom will surely be making their long trek (about 10 yards) up the road to the other Thai Restaurant.... I know I will.

I used to love this place... snifǾ
While the food is alright, the establishment habitually delivers orders incomplete and then gives epic attitude when you call them to rectify the situation even though you've paid for items you haven't received. 

There are plenty of other Thai restaurants that I can get good food from without getting ripped off. 

Bad move, Friendly Thai.Ǿ
We stopped ordering from here after some really poorly cooked chicken wings, but I for some reason had a craving for their pad thai. I wasn't sure why, but for some reason I remembered it being really good.  The good news of the menu is the chicken wings aren't offered anymore, so I became a little more trusting.

This time around the pad thai was okay. Not as flavourful and a surprisingly high tofu to chicken ratio. But good enough that we ordered it again this weekend and it was even blander, with even more tofu!
We also ordered the Mango Chicken (okay but the mango pieces were very hard, perhaps either too uncooked or not ripe enough), and the Glass Noodles which were probably the saving grace to our order (no complaints, were actually pretty good).

One thing I also appreciate is when you order the Chicken Spring Rolls, its considerably bigger than the regular spring rolls. Some places make them the same size but swap some veggies out for the chicken. In this case they actually take a regular roll and add a fair amount of chicken to make some fatty spring rolls, definitely good value for the extra dollar in cost. I also really like the sauce they come with for dipping, has a sweeter almost honey-ish flavour than other thai joints offer.

Its still better than other places I've tried and the delivery has been relatively quick so I'll give it the 3 star average, but it'll probably be a good long time before I get the craving for this place again over the myriad of thai places in the city that deliver.Ǿ
I'm genuinely shocked by the bad reviews. I love this place! It's been our go-to takeout place for years. Great food, good prices, but it's worth noting that we order the regular stuff: pad Thai, green curry, fried rice, spring and fresh rolls. All so good!

What prompted me to finally leave a review is that today they send us home with 'green veg' instead of 'green veg curry.' I called and told them, and they sent the green curry via delivery right away, and let us keep the extra dish! The delivery guy was so nice. Thank you!Ǿ
This place is sometimes okay, often not. If you dine in, service is lacking.Take out isn't much better, and like other reviewers, I've been told over the phone that policies have changed on a whim. This place needs some competition in the area!Ǿ
The pad Thai tasted worse than spaghetti with ketchup. Me and my friend could not eat more than 2 spoons.

Basil beef was ok. Nothing to write home about.

Service was friendly. Atmosphere was ok.

Overpriced. Save your money and time.

I also happened to notice that dine in specials can be 6 dollars cheaper than the same dish ordered take out. I know lotsa places do this but I still hate it when restos do things like that. Makes me feel that you are being punished for ordering take out.Ǿ
Tonight I ordered the "Special" Basil Beef with rice and the meal was very disappointing. The beef was incredibly tough which made the rest of the dish rather unappetizing and I did not even finish eating the meal .Although the service was good I told the waitress my food was not great and she only offered an apology.Ǿ
I'm in the neighborhood, and I order from Friendly Thai pretty regularly. I ate piles of Friendly Thai when I was preggo and then more when I was busy with a newborn!! It's not amazing or anything, but it's perfectly servicable Thai food, it's reliable for quality, and if you order for pickup, it's super quick. I've only had delivery a few times, and those times, delivery was super quick too. I think it's kind of sad that most of the Yelp reviews are about the speed of the delivery, not the food itself. Anytime I've picked up food, staff has been speedy and efficient. I usually order the "dinner for 2" deal, red curry chicken, chicken pad thai, steam rice. If you pick up this deal, you get free spring rolls too! Score! All for like $21 or something. It's cheap, it's fast, it's hot and tasty, it's close enough to the Film Buff, and I like it. What more could you want from your neighborhood takeout? :)Ǿ
I have been disappointed with the quality and delivery times as of late. We have ordered from this place many times. It used to be really good and reliable. 

Tonight's delivery left much to be desired. The food took almost 2hrs to get here and we made 2 calls to the restaurant to get an eta. Finally shows up... cold. I am allergic to mushrooms and was very specific to exclude them from my order; it came with mushrooms. 

We called to again to complain. It didn't start well as they offered a $50 credit for next time...?! Anyway, we didn't want to argue it so we just let it be, knowing we wouldn't be back. About 30mins later the manager called and apologized. He offered to gives us a credit and remake/send our order correctly. I thought this was a really nice gesture on his part and appreciated that he wanted to keep my business. It made me rethink my decision and understand that sometimes shit happens. It's how you deal with it that matters and this guy did a great job. For this reason, he saved my business and I will give them another shot. 

Thank you for improving the experience.