The best thing about this restaurant is the patio, other than that everything is mediocre at best. 
We ordered the Salmon and it was really pathetic. Very small portion, came with mashed potatoes that were watery. The grilled chicken club was not too bad though. 
Would probably go back only for the patio and have drinks & snacks.Ǿ
Went here for late dinner last night. We waited about 10 minutes to be seated and had three separate staff tell us that "Someone would be helping us shortly." We had the bruschetta to start, which was good - the bread slices were nicely toasted and the tomato/balsamic mixture was nice. 

My partner had the Penne Sausage (you have to specify as there are two Pennes on the menu - slightly confusing) and his was actually quite good; although the portion was fairly small given the price. I had the Chicken Parmesan, which was lacklustre. The chicken wasn't very well seasoned, so didn't have much flavour, and the bottom was quite burned. Normally I would have taken it back to the kitchen, but we were so hungry after a long day that we just went on with it. 

Our server was functional, not super friendly, but did her job well and got our food fairly quickly, which was appreciated. Overall, would probably come back here to enjoy drinks and the view, but likely not to eat again.Ǿ
We returned to this spot to remember our first date here a decade ago.  Then it was Il Fornello and maybe we were too besotted with each other, but the meal, service, and ambiance seemed SO much nicer then.  Yesterday, a not too busy lovely summer weeknight, we were shown to our very sticky table that was missing a pad on one leg, so it rocked.  The waitress was a tad impatient when we were deciding on our drink choices and was happy to include our food at the same time.  We asked for the table to be wiped down, but even after she complied, it was too tacky to lean on and we had to use our napkins as placemats.  The waitress didn't notice, so we had to ask for more napkins.  The table also lacked S&P and at no time were we offered water or bread.  When my husband's veal parmesan arrived, it was steaming, but my fire-roasted linguini was lukewarm.  I asked for it to be reheated, which they did willingly.  Meanwhile hubby attempted to cut through an almost impossibly tough piece of veal, one of those mouthfuls you chew and chew with no progress and end up trying to be delicate as you look for a place to dispose of it.  The second piece was more tender, he assured me.  My hotter linguini was brought by a new person who then gave me the line of the night, "do you want parmesan and pepper before I take off?"  I asked where he was off to, but he pretended not to hear.  He was still there 30 minutes later clearing tables, so I had to conclude that was just his colloquialism.  Not a terribly client-friendly approach.  
The food was passable, I guess so was the service,  The view was lovely.  But it added up to a totally meh dining out experience.  Will celebrate the 2 decade anniversary elsewhere for sure.Ǿ
Needs improvement. Very few vegetarian options and no vegan options. No option to have just spaghetti with tomato sauce without paying for the meatballs. I had to get the server to ask the manager to adjust the price, which is just a ridiculous hassle.

Our server was frazzled and they were short-staffed the night we were there. Apparently there was some show happening on another floor because around 7:30pm everyone got up and left. 

Our food took close to an hour to arrive and when it did it was cold. We saw it sit on the counter by the kitchen for 15 mins before it was brought over. They had just two servers and the managers working a floor with 50+ people and were overwhelmed by this. 

The bruschetta was really bad. The toast was cold, hard and had a lot of holes in it, which is not useful when you're trying to place food on top of it. The pale, watery tomato mix they served in a separate bowl had no flavour beyond onion to it. (See photo)

My 93-year-old great aunt who dines there regularly was ready to walk out she was so upset by the delays. Because she's older, we always go to dinner really early, like 5:30-6pm and she isn't used to waiting that long for her meal because typically there's hardly anyone eating dinner this early. My spaghetti was the only thing served warm because, I was told it had to be re-made after cheese was added to the first version.

Eventually the manager comped us for our mains due to the exceptional delay and the food being cold when it was brought to us, which was nice, but did not make up for the disappointment of the bad food and general experience. They re-made all the cold dishes as well. It was my first time back here since Il Fornello closed in this location and I thought it wasn't possible for the replacement to be worse.

Since I likely will return, simply because the location is convenient for my aunt, I do hope management sees this review and will add more veg-friendly options, including a spaghetti pomodoro sans meatballs to the menu. You can always have the option to add meatballs for an extra fee but there's no way I'm going to pay for food I'm not eating. I also hope that they will add a salad, soup or just another main that is vegan-friendly (ie, no animal products).Ǿ
I love this place dearly! 

Huge smoking/non smoking patio. 

The closest I can be drunk next to harbour front legally and not having to hide the alcohol while enjoying the view haha 

Mhm went for lunch, 
Shared Calamari ($13)
Friend got spaghetti ($18) 
I got fettuccine alfredo ($17)
Both pasta portions were quite large so you get your money's worth, tasted really good too, I almost would've gotten the rest to go but I didn't wanna carry it around downtown running errands. 
We also had a couple cocktails and shared a bottle of white wine. Overall bill was around $100-120. 

Servers were really attentive given the large outdoor space with everyone around, very knowledgable and friendly. 

Great spot, when summer returns, you will def see me by the patio drinking away :)Ǿ
There was a pretty long cue at the entrance but only about 50% of the tables were actually taken. We were asked to wait for 30 minutes before a table would be free for us. Finally we got a table in the back. Windy, dirty and without any attendance. We asked for a blanket, they said they were out of blankets. We asked for a white wine, the white wine came in 30 minutes, We asked for food, they promised they would provide this commodity for us but they failed lamentably. After over 60 minutes we had to cancel our order and go somewhere else because the place was blowing. In a word...or a few words...not worth it!!! The food is not spectacular but maybe more im portant is the it never arrives!Ǿ
Sucked so much over price for such shitty food. The tomato soup was too salty, the steak was burnt and the salmon tasted weird. Also the waitresses dress was super short so it felt very uncomfortable every time she came to talk to us.Ǿ
Got a nice spot but that was it. We had to chase the servers down for the order and bill, and the food and drinks were really nothing good.

We clearly pointed at the menu and said "margherita" (pizza) but were given a "margarita" glass and the server was reallly non-apologetic and grumpy faced about it.

Pizza and sandwiches were bland and sangria was very average. Just go for the view and don't expect anything else.Ǿ
I'd say the service was awful, but there was none.  We waited by the hostess' podium for a few minutes; nobody showed up, so we seated ourselves.  We sat for about 10 minutes and were not approached by any staff members, so we left.  I have no doubt this business will fail, despite its prime location.Ǿ
Brought my family here after a boat cruise around the Toronto Islands. We came here out of the convenience of the location and knew nothing about the restaurant. 

It was quiet on a sunny Monday afternoon, but the weather was nice and the patio looked welcoming. I tried the funghi pizza*, normally $18, without the pancetta, since I am vegetarian. I love oven-fried thin crust pizzas and really liked it.

Tiramisu came in a jar, sprinkled with coffee beans and topped with a slice strawberry. It was alright but nothing I could recommend. There's only one place that my mom and I swear by in Scarborough, so our bar on tiramisus are pretty high!

Comfortable ambience and great service from our waitress; we were even thanked going out the door. Unfortunately, there are really no vegan options.

*Dammit, I forgot that pecorino is made with rennet and therefore, not a vegetarian-friendly cheese.Ǿ
I am so surprised by the bad reviews here! I have always had a great experience whenever coming to bar Milano. The patio is amazing and the pizza has always been delicious. The thought of drinking and eating on their patio makes me excited for summer.Ǿ
This place is beautiful, waterfront, and the service is quick... Our waiter charlotte was extremely nice. I would definitely go back there on a sunny day.Ǿ
Had a great late lunch/early dinner after a meeting on Wellington Street.  Lovely location, right on the harbour but with the late afternoon sun, you could use a pair of sunglasses right in the restaurant.

We had a consistent and friendly server who was present without being intrusive - great service!  We sampled the meatballs in pomadoro sauce, and the cauliflower fritters from the Small Plates section of the menu, along with a Caesar salad, and a pepperoni pizza.  The food was fresh and looked beautiful on the plate.  Lucky for us, it tasted as good (better?) as it looked.  We ate it too quickly for me to get a picture of everything, but there is a shot of the pizza halfway through.

It was a really pleasant restaurant experience where the food and service were far better than average, paired with a beautiful waterfront setting.  We will definitely return!Ǿ
It all depends on what you're going for... If you're an, "I read Playboy for the articles" kind of person,  you may have way too high expectations for this place.  Their feature is they're located right on the water, with plenty of people watching, a fun atmosphere, and they also serve food and drinks. The staff are trying to keep crowd control with the masses of people lining up to get an outdoor table.  For all that background noise, I think the food and drinks are pretty decent!  The charcuterie board was really awesome and made for great app-sampling while having a not-so-awesome sangria.  The pizza was decent, and the ?pappardelle was fine.  

You come for the view, and a place to chill with your friends, while drinking a bit, and getting full.  If Bar Milano was picked up and moved to somewhere on Bathurst or Queen, maybe food quality would be more of a kick-in-the-pants, but for the other perks you get from this restaurant, it's totally worth going to.Ǿ
Our group of 12 decided to dine at Bar Milano on the waterfront while we waited for our cruise ship to return to port. The patio was nice and we ended sitting at 2 tables next to each other, which is fine, we had a huge group.

We ordered a variety of things including the fried risotto, meatballs, pizza, pasta and sandwich. The food came out in a decent amount of time, however, no one was quite happy with it. The risotto balls were undercooked, the meatballs on the bland side as was most of the pasta. I had originally ordered a burger cooked med. and although the presentation was nice, the fries were very overcooked and the burger was beyond cooked well.
When I brought it to the waitress' attention, she took the plate back to the kitchen but quickly returned, informing me that well done was the ONLY way they cooked their burger. That was just beyond me!

Since I couldn't choke down what now resembled a hockey puck, I settled on the chicken panini. When that came out, I actually took it apart. There was so much cheese that it overwhelmed everything. The chicken breast was extremely dry.

I had a bite off of my cousin's pasta dish and found the pasta very al dente and the sauce rather bland. I took a look at my aunt's chicken alfredo and the globs of cream sauce on it and decided not to chance it. 

It was quite a disappointing meal.Ǿ
Why is it the places with the best location don't have the best food? If your looking for great food at reasonable prices, look somewhere else. This place took over Il Fornello's but it isn't in the same class. I had the wild boar papardelle and my GF had the fettuccine Alfredo. Both were average. Price was around $20. Location right on the water was nice but the tables and chairs were right out of a cafeteria.Ǿ
This place leaves something to be desired.

Located in the Queen's Quay terminal building at the foot of York, the former Il Fornelo did not stand out in any way.

We arrived to a half empty restaurant without a reservation but couldn't get a table. Given the lack of restaurants in the area I suppose it can be busy. The hostess got us a high top but was clearly not enthused to help and gave us that NYC 'what no reservation' attitude. A generally unfriendly start, she offered little in the way of smiles and talked as little as possible.

The food was average at best. I had the diavalo pizza. It was decent but not anything any other Italian resto hasn't been doing for ten years. 

My coworker had pasta. The 'dinner' size he had was so small we had to ask two different staff members if he had received the lunch size in error.

In general the portions were small, and the small menu very uninspiring. I'm not sure what they are going for here, but I can tell you it's likely only location bringing in the crowd.

On the bright side our waiter was pleasant and responsive.

They do have a great outdoor patio overlooking the lake, certainly the main draw of the place. If that appeals to you it may be a reason to come here and suffer through the rest.

Or you can go next door to the fun pub!

Enjoy (or don't it's your choice).Ǿ
Just ate there this afternoon and I must say that I was absolutely disappointed! I ordered the fresh green salad with salmon...took about 30 minutes and it wasn't worth the wait. It wasn't even busy wth! The salmon was way overcooked and dry as sandpaper  (albumin everywhere!!!) The sale was overdressed..my companions ordered penne pasta with sausage and their only burger...burger was good but fries were soggy and the penne was so pedestrian..sausage slices were dry and cold..we were all so hungry we didn't even think about returning it..not going back that's for sure! Go to the Irish pub next door worth it!Ǿ
A disappointing lunch, but eatable. Also enjoyed people watching as they walked by the Harbourfront. Would have rather ate somewhere else. Don't think I'll ever come here again.Ǿ
We ordered 2 pizzas (one for each of us) and they were delicious! The service was great, prices were reasonable and had a wonderful view of the harbor!! Not sure why it's rated so low..usually people only write reviews when bad, I guess. I would recommend this place to everyone!!Ǿ
A very decent place to get a bite in the Harbourfront. The patio is very large and has a terrific view of the lake. The servers are quite knowledgeable about the menu and come around often to checkup on you. This impressed me because the place is quite new and has a rather large menu. The food is on par with Il Fornello in many respects. The food did not disappoint. My main pet peeve with this place was the lack of beer options, which is sort of a waste given the great patio/lounge vibe they have managed to create. The other annoying thing is how long it takes them to seat you. During lunch hours, on the weekend, there is a long lineup for the patio.Ǿ
The lakeside patio is a great place to spend time people watching.  There was no wait for a summer weekday lunch.  Out of the dishes ordered at our table, the pizza was probably the most successful: nice thin crust with fresh basil on the margherita.  I wouldn't say the food was very memorable but pretty decent and the location is what makes this restaurant worth going to.  

Service was okay: not over attentive and not dismissive.  I would definitely not recommend going if you are in a hurry but you might as well stay and enjoy the view anyway.  

The draught beer menu is way too limited (only 4 available) but the food menu has good variety.Ǿ
DON"T EAT HERE!!!!!

Not much for taking time out to write a review but I felt compelled to do so in this case. As an individual who travels a lot and has seen more then his fair share of restaurants / eateries this place is the absolute worst!! I understand that this is a touristy area but that is no excuse for uncooked food (Twice). My wife and I ordered meatballs as an appetizer and they were raw, the second order was also raw so we did not eat them. Our main course was hamburgers for both of us and again raw and I we did not either of them and left. But before we did we went to the washroom. Well to add insult to injury they were disgusting and I mean disgusting - I would not let me dog go in there. 

We had a just come from Centre Island and the washrooms there (Which are open to the public) were very clean so it hard to believe that a restaurant could not even compare in this regard. 

If you are looking for good food on the waterfront go to Watermark next door or walk down a ways and go the Amsterdam Brewery. You won't be disappointed as we have eaten in both of these establishments on several occasions and always good food.Ǿ
Really, you come here for the patio...and subsequent, the drinks under the sun. I never really can differentiate any of the restaurants along this stretch of the water front. Bar Milano happened to be the first restaurant I passed and I just couldn't resist a cold beer.

Bar Milano appears to share the hostess with another restaurant by its side. I asked for the most sunniest spot ever and they had no problem accommodating my request. There was a waiting list for spots under the shade...please, that's what our entire Winter, Fall, and cold Spring is for. Any chance to get some sun...

I was pleasantly surprised by Bar Milano's pizza...it was actually very good! I had the Diavola which came with a nice thin crust, just the right amount of cheese, and hot peppers! I was a bit disappointed in their choice of beers on tap (limited to only 4 I believe) and the one I wanted to try (the Shock something) was N/A. I decided to do an Alexander's Keith and enjoy the busker entertainment right in front of me.

Service was far above my expectations in that my order was not forgot, orders were taken quickly, and there was even the occasional check up so not bad. Prices however are so-so as two beers, one pizza, one big bottle of water and one truffle fries came out to $70 and change including tax and tip. BUT! Small price to pay to be able to sit hours under the sun and people watch.Ǿ
We had a horrible experience at Bar Milano on Monday May 20 afternoon. It took them 15 minutes to take our order and further 40 minutes to deliver undercooked pasta. Our waitress was helpful and apologetic for our experience but we will not be recommending this place to any of our friends.Ǿ
I wouldn't recommend going here.  Ordered the pizza and it was pretty bad. The crust taste really burnt (although visually it didn't appear burnt, which was odd). 

The toppings were okay. I think they could have been a little more generous though, given the price. 

Pizzas are around $16-18. The only good thing about this place is the location imo.Ǿ
We frequent this place out of convenience and location. I like their food. I don't like their service and cleanness.  We went on Friday and I had to send my wine glass back because it had lipstick all over it and it wasn't my lipstick YUCK. My friends was the same.  That's pretty disgusting.  The plates were dirty too. The guy brought us other glasses soaking wet. Really? ?? You don't have towels to dry your glasses??? If there's one thing that bothers me is lack of effort.  Lazy, dirty people annoy the crap out of me.Ǿ
We came on a Saturday for lunch and the place was packed. We got a table on the patio right away. We ordered the chicken parm, chicken club sandwhich, and supli as appetizer. The service was good for a busy day and the food was pretty good as well. The fries and supli were delicious. 
I like this place, it has a nice water view and I will comeback when I'm in the areaǾ
To end off the summer, a friend and I decided to visit center island and just before getting on the ferry we yelped a restaurant nearby to eat. This restaurant showed up but finding the entrance was difficult, we went around circles around the two buildings. Almost giving up on this place, so glad we somehow found it, the atmosphere and food alongside the services was excellent. We sat on the patio with such a nice view of the waterfront.
We ordered a chicken pizza, which was really satisfying however a tad bit dry. Also had the chicken Parmesan which was not good at all. Overall, this is a good summer location to hang out with friends on the patio with a nice view and drinks.Ǿ
This place is only good for its location..

Ordered a bottle of wine and found a piece of glass in my glass (no pun) only to have the waitress tell me that it must've chipped with my teeth! Wow! Quick to judge eh? 

I barely had a sip!

We ordered a pizza that took..get this..an hour! And it came undone! We were so hungry & we really did not want to wait so we ate it.

I'm never coming here again!!! 

Thanks for nothing!!!!Ǿ
The views are fabulous down at Harbourfront and this place tops it when it comes to views.  We waited 15-20 min on a Sat which isn't bad. But they sat us at a really dirty (filthy) table. They came to clean it but it was still dirty. We moved inside. 

The menu is rather simple. Very very little in terms of vegetarian or vegan options. Add a gluten free or vegan option and this place would come up a notch. Coffee selections poor. 

Bathrooms not quite up to what they should be. Staff friendly. 

We preferred the IL fornello by far.  This place could be great and I hope they give attention to a few finer details. Some of the nicest summer views in the city!Ǿ
This restaurant has mediocrity written all over it. 

If the restaurant were located on anywhere other than the waterfront, I would never return. 
The meatball spaghetti is not an abomination, but thoroughly unsatisfactory, especially with its not so cheap price tag.  

The one redeeming feature about this restaurant is the view. God, the view. 
Given the view coupled with a few drinks or two, even the-a-bit-too-tough-and-dry-chicken tastes alright. 

That being said, the service is good. Servers are very friendly and makes you feel right at home. 

So yes, Bar Milano is more a feast for your eyes, than your taste buds.Ǿ
The view was spectacular. The pizza was very good thin crust pizza. The menu has unique pizza toppings. There were vegetarian and vegan options. The pizza with fig, cartelized onions, and leeks was an amazing combination. The service was ok the food came out fast but our water was somewhat neglected. If you want to sit by the water and don't want pub food this is a good option.Ǿ
The experience was that bad that I decided to write my first review.   It wasn't that busy but it took us over an hour to get our food.  People were being seat after us and they were getting their food ahead of us.  The waiter, did seem frustrated at the delay and seemed to try to resolve the issue but to no avail.  We were then told the table beside us ordered the exact same entrees and our plates were accidentally given to them.    When my g/f got her meal it was actually the wrong one (she ordered a lobster pasta).  Overall, the food wasn't that good - fairly bland.   That was our first and last time there.   It's a tourist trap (given the great waterfront location) so tourist beware!Ǿ
Hubby and I stopped for a late afternoon bite after strolling the waterfront East Coast Festival. The location is great - right on the water- perfect for boat-,plane- and people-watching! Patio is covered, or not, and on two levels. Our server was quick and attentive. Hubby had spaghetti and meatballs which he declared perfect - big, homemade meatballs and al dente spaghetti. I had the chopped Italian salad which turned out better than the description in the menu! The only reason it didn't rate 5 stars is that there is no dark or amber beer to be had. In fairness, it isn't a pub and the Mill St. Birro Sophia is not only local, but a good, full bodied alternative.Ǿ
I used to Live down at harborfront and thought that considering it was a pretty touristy Area this restaurant was actually semi-decent... I have celiac and was happy they had some gluten-free options and they usually had a decent wine selection and the service was OK , although on more than one occasion they made my pizza with the regular crust instead of the gluten-free crust by accident, luckily I noticed before eating any ..they were always really good about apologizing and not charging us for the pizza..however in my opinion if you're going to offer gluten-free options you should take it more seriously! In the last year my husband and I have moved from the harborfront area so we haven't been back I called the other week to try to make a reservation for our anniversary because we were going down on a tall ship cruise and I thought since we would be in the area maybe we go back to one of our old haunts I was really unimpressed as they never return my call to confirm the reservation..so we are going to the Keg instead! Their lossǾ
Horrible service - when we asked how long the estimated wait to be seated, the hostess responded with "how long is a poece of string"Ǿ
Located on harbourfront, down by the Bay, where the watermelon grow... Just kidding.

But in all seriousness, this place has a beautiful location. The ambiance is casual and the food is quite good. The pizza was a little thin as I couldn't pick it up without dropping a lot of the toppings. I eventually had to use a fork to pick it up. The burger was quite good, not much special about it. The battered cauliflower was surprisingly good. It had a fluffy batter and I found the aioli really helped the dish.Ǿ
Bland, boring, over priced food. Will not return.Ǿ
Pretty disappointing... Prime location but mediocre food & service.
Such a shame.

On the plus side... Great patio for just beerǾ
Awful, we had peperoni and carne pizza, and it was the worst ever, the truffle fried tasted so bad that we couldn't finishǾ
The food was horrendous. I ordered chicken parmesan and my partner got a salad. The salad ingredients were not fresh. He was literally served a can of peas and a boiled egg. No sauce, nothing. The view of course the reason we went there at the first place. But I will never go there hungry. If you really want to drink your wine with the lakeview, try to order low-priced appetizers and a bottle of wine.Ǿ
This is one of those places you go to just for the location and waterfront views. The food wasn't much and everything was overpriced.

The patio was the best part about the experience for me. 

My friend and I tried the thin crust pizza which was actually really good !

As other people mentioned, I definitely would not go here if you're in a hurry. Had to hunt down the server to settle up the bill.

The candlelight dinner by the waterfront was essentially what made this place memorable.