So darn delicious. And they offer vegetarian options! The Durger sauce was the icing on the cake. Ill be back!笑
This is the first time Yelp has failed me! Out of 10 reviews this places has 5 stars, the only way that is possible is to have 10 friends and/or family members writing the reviews. First off, to make good burgers you should have fresh meat, not frozen patty's. Second, if you are going to squirt some random sauce on the "Western Burger" you might want to make sure it's good or even comes close to BBQ sauce. Third, the bread, toast it, heat it up, do something to hide the fact you that have stale buns. NOT GOOD! And for those of you who gave this place 5 stars, go one more block up the street and try a "Real Fresh Burger" ! There is a Five Guys, or a Fuddruckers, even the Sonic right around the corner has better burgers and dogs.笑
Go eat here, you will not regret it! Fries are amazing, sweet potato fries are amazing, western burger and dog are both amazing. Owner is really great guy. Cares about his customers and quality. Love it. I'll make it a weekly stop.笑
Still really good. Tried the Golden Gate dog this time, really liked it. They changed the fries though, that coating on the outside is gone. Too bad, but the fries were still really good. Love that sweet BBQ sauce!笑
My boyfriend found this place online and we decided to feed my burger craving tonight. The place is fairly new (12 weeks) so we were excited to try it. The place is really clean and new. The servers were friendly and helpful. 

We sat down and were offered a sample of the apple fries. Zomg. Delicious. They are basically fresh apple slices fried and dressed like a churro with caramel sauce and whipped cream. So so good. I would come here just for that. :D 

First, the firehouse dog was made for me. Juicy beef sausage, fresh jalapeños, banana peppers, onions and omg the chipotle sauce. If I were to design my own this would be it!! 

The Giovanni burger was also so good. The sweet peppers were delicious and I always love mushrooms. 

The chili cheese fries were pretty good. The fries themselves were very crispy. Just how I like em. You could tell the chili was fresh with beans and tomatoes. Not too cheesy. 

Overall, this place is a great local find in Mesa. I'm definitely gonna be back. :D笑
Today was my 1st time eating here. After reading all the 5 star reviews we decided to try this place instead of going to fuddruckers. I'm sad we did. My husband and I both had burgers and were completely unimpressed. They were bland and we both had jalepenos on ours. The bread tasted stale. The fries were pretty good but the apple fries every was raving about. Meh. I left full but definitely not satisfied. I will choose fuddruckers next time for sure. No desire to return here. Oh and everyone also said the owner was really nice, not today. Who knows maybe he was having a bad day.笑
They used to have a nice variety of tasty dogs, but they've been out of business for several months.  Too bad, it was a fun little hole in the was place with good service and decent prices.笑
My son has raved about this place for a while now and I finally got to try it this week. Two words: YUM YUM! Burgers and dogs that will knock you socks off. 

My kids all got burgers, juicy and tasty with a smorgasbord of toppings. You can pretty much get them however you want. They even look delicious!

I opted for a hot dog...I am pretty sure this is best hot dog you an get on this side of town. A serious hot dog - all-beef and so huge I could barely finish it.

And don't forget the FRIES!! The real deal.

Sure, it's not health food but for those cheat days, make it worth your while and try this place out.笑
BEST Hot Dog Hands Down!  I saw this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Not a Huge fan of Hot Dogs, but after reading the reviews I figured I would give it a try. We walked in and it is a Nice small place. The Booths have Really spacious seating. I have a beer belly and I still had lots of room! 
The customer service was Great, the person who took my order was very freindly and helpful, I even showed him the Yelp coupon on my phone for a  free dessert and he said Sure thing! 
I got the Firehouse and my sister got the Western and they both were YUMMS! The Fried Mushrooms we got as sides was The BEst I have eaten, they were crispy and seasoned just right. We also got the Fried Apples and it came with a caramel sauce and cream for dipping. I was Stuffed!  The Firehouse had Jalapenos and Some other peppers, it also came with Chipotle sauce. The Western had Apple Smoked Bacon and Onion Rings, it looked Good! My sister wouldn't share so I dunno how it tasted.
But I can say I am gonna come back again, I like how freindly the service was and how they grill the Dogs.
Thank You!笑
Nice place, with very good food! My wife and i both had the burgers, good size, and very tasty!. we shared a frie, also very good, and i had an order of onion rings, also excellent. i figured i would bring a hot dog home for my son, he loved it. great place. would eat there again for sure!笑
Great hot dogs and amazing sweet potato fries! The whole family loves this place. We always get an order of funnel sticks and fried apples for dessert. My fave is the Firehouse dog and my kids love the Western dog. If you haven't been there before, try it. If you've tried it and didn't love it, go back and try the recommendations above. So glad this place is right by my office.笑
I walked into this place hungrier than a Rhino (not sure how hungry that is but I'm going with it) and I was not disappointed. Got myself a Giovanni dog and ate that thing quicker than Dale Earnhardt. The onions were grilled, peppers seared, AHH what a deal! The staff was wonderful and I didn't even have to throw away my own trash, that I like. Only recommendation is they need to add a bacon wrapped hot dog.笑
WOW! 

When walking in I was surprised to see such a small place, but I can't wait to see them when they are forced to expand!!!

Hubby got a create your own hot dog (ALL BEEF) and create your own burger with Garlic BBQ sauce. Both of them were awesome!

Teenage daughter got a create your own burger with sweet BBQ sauce - AWESOME!

Teenage son got a plain hot dog - very good!

I got a Giovanni Burger - OH MY WORD!!!! WONDERFUL!!! it consisted of burger, sauteed mushrooms, onions, and peppers and the garlic BBQ sauce. It was not over cooked and wonderful!

We also had the fries which were good, golden to perfection but not over cooked. The Onion rings were not to our liking, hubby ate them, said they were ok, but not like we expected them to be.

DESSERT - Fried Apple Fries were SINFUL! These aren't your frozen sliced apples, no they are FRESH apples EVERYDAY! Dipped in whip cream and caramel! Than we also got our (free) Yelp coupon for the Funnel Fries which were very good, but just don't compare to the apples.

Bathroom were very clean and I was happy with how the staff was friendly and very informative when we asked some questions. 

I hope this place is around for a long time! They are terrific!笑
We ate there last night for the first time, WE ALL LOVED IT!!  2 adults, 2 teenage boys, and we all agreed it is our new favorite place!  I can't wait to go back, but since it is a little rough on the waistline, I may need to wait... at least until the weekend!  2 western burgers, 1 build your own burger, 1 western dog...all so good we just raved.  The boys are fighting over who is going to claim it as their new hang out! Hung out with the owner for a bit, what a great guy!  I wish I could remember his name.  Must tell all my friends and keep this mans doors open!  And the apple fries, as the man said, they will change your life:)笑
Starting up a business is tough.....
Adding new customers and keeping them is even a bigger challenge now a days. 
Went there with my family of 4. 4 burgers, 4 drinks, fries, onion rings, funnel cake, total bill $34. Fine with that.
 Here's the thing that bothered me with this new business.... Forgot that I wanted "grilled onions" after I ordered and paid, and was told by one of the owners I believe that it would be another 75 cents or so. 
In n out gets you onions anyway you want for nothing extra. Raw onions are included, why is it so hard to put some onions next to the patty and grill it too?

I will not be returning.笑
Quick service, friendly staff, and great food. The fries were very crispy and tasty. I tried the Giovanni with grilled onions, peppers, and mushrooms and it was delicious.  The kids got a burger and fries which was also tasty. Will definitely return.笑
Amazing... AMAZING food! I've had the Western dog and the California Kid. Can't wait to try the others. The apple fries are resplendent. They have something for everyone. Very friendly staff and very clean. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants incredible food at reasonable prices.笑
Reading reviews, it's always interesting to me how debates that occur over convenience comfort foods (hot dogs and hamburgers) can be so hotly contested.  I generally just shake it off as cultural differences or personal preferences.  Don't think the hamburger was up to par -- did you try the dog (ie, Durger Dog is the name of the place)?  Don't like the special sauce (kind of a sweeter ketchup) or the homemade relish?  Leave it off.  Although I'm a huge believer in condiments, sometimes it takes a try or two to find the exact right mix for me at a new place.  And that's what this was for me --  a new place.

I went in yesterday for the first time.  Like I usually do, I order more items than I can eat the first time because I figure it might be my only time in, and I want to try just about anything that looks like it might be a winner.  Out of 5 items 2 were solid, 3 were real winners.  And pricing seemed low for the quality.

The real winners: Wow!  the onion rings are the best I've had in AZ.  And I have been searching for the last 23 years.  A portion enough for 2, they are homemade, thinly cut, lightly battered, lightly salted.  So they turn out with a great (real) onion flavor and not much crust at all, so don't expect them to stand on their own.  It's just the way I want them.  Can't say enough about these.  

I ordered the Hans dog and was recommended to sub the polish instead of the all beef.  I'm so glad I did.  That was just an excellent piece of craftsmanship -- the quarter pound polish was grilled (not griddled) with kraut, onions, special sauce and I added deli mustard.  Looking forward to finishing the other 1/2 today.

And who knew?  The funnel cake fries (cake batter not potatoes) along with the strawberry sauce really was a refreshing change from the norm.  Especially for a paltry $1.50.

The 2 solid entries: the natural cut fries and the classic all-beef dog (also 1/4 lb).  I'm not a huge potato guy, but for $1.50 I had to try them.  It was a large order for the price, and they were good.  The homemade relish was really nice on the classic dog, and the overall result was really good.

But let's talk about the sausages.  I mean, I really, really enjoy hot dogs.  But they have to be very high quality.  Sure, I've eaten Ted's (both here and in Buffalo NY); Chicago dogs (especially Vienna Beef); Niman Ranch, Schreiner's, Sabrett's, Nathan's, Hebrew National, etc.  For budget quality it would be Costco's; at home it's usually Nathan's braised in Heineken (try it!).  But the Durger Dog's polish was really excellent, the all beef very good, both made locally.

The staff was very friendly and as quick with the made-to-order items as they could be.

The only downside I could see is their location.  Not that it's hard to find -- it's not.  It's just one of those strip malls where you've seen places come and go all too often.  So I'm concerned about their success as a business *at that particular spot*.  I'd prefer that they be around a long, long time.

I know I'll be back soon.笑
I am giving Durger Dog top ratings . . .love this place! First, everything is super tidy and simple giving nice first impression. I have to say, we are hot dog people! LOVE them. But, if you are not, DD is still the place for you--the hamburgers look delicious! I had the Classic hot dog with Garlic Sauce--so good! I also had a few bites of the Western, also very good! We ordered the onion rings, I loved them (they are thin onion string style), but my honey felt they were a bit too cooked. So, when we go again, and if we order the onion rings, we will ask them to "lightly" cook these wonderful additions to our hot dog meal. And in conclusion, APPLE FRIES! Seriously delicious. Light and fluffy~who knew! They do!

We had the nicest chat with the manager/owner and we heard about the serious work that went in to finding the perfect balance for everything on the menu--and it shows! We will be back and will encourage whoever will listen to us--build more!

Oh, and every single person that waited on us did so with so much professionalism. A delightful place to go. Thank you Durger Dog!笑
I wasn't impressed with this place... =( ... I finally got to try it with my son and daughter and it did not live up to its 5 stars.  I had the Giovanni Burger, son had the classic hot dog and kids hot dog meal and we shared the fries.  I think the best thing was the kids hot dog because there was NO special sauce.  Their sauce is Gross!!!! Its on the Giovanni burger / classic hot dog.  Its way to sweet the burger might have been ok if there was no sauce.  My teenager said "good hot dog if they didn't put the sauce on it." I agree!!!  And we use the yelp check in for the free dessert and I'm sorry to say that's not all that great either.  I might try later or not... Just remember  what ever you do DON'T get their special sauce on anything unless you like your food sweet.笑
really goood "secret" sauce, and awesome dogs!