I've been waiting for this place to open after trying their acai bowl from their food truck. Located across the street from UNLV (Greenspun building/ Student Union) and same lot as Cafe Rio, Rebel Books, etc. I marched here and dragged a friend with me after class. 

They have acai bowls, smoothies, and fresh juices. I avoid bottled/pre-packaged fruit juices as they're loaded with sugar even if they claim to be organic/ natural/ healthy and what have you - fresh is where it's at. They also have vegan cookies, granola bars, MAQ 7 juice (7 super fruits: maqui, Siberian pineapple, cili, goji berries, acai, Alaskan blueberry, and gac), Bowl of Heaven mercy such as caps and shirts. What they don't have is nutrition facts - not even on their website. Their protein is plant-based (pea, hemp, chia seeds and rice).

North Shore Acai Bowl:
Acai, strawberries, bananas, granola, honey, MAQ7 juice, apple juice, blueberries, hemp and flax seeds. Great flavor and texture combination. I love the granola they use because they're crispy and not the typical crunchy-but-chewy-stick-to-your-teeth granola texture. 4/5

Peanut Butter Acai Bowl: 
Peanut butter, acai, bananas, granola, honey, MAQ7 juice, chocolate almond milk, strawberries, blueberries, hemp and flax seeds. I added chocolate protein powder (you can add 11g or 22g of vanilla or chocolate protein powder to anything).  I typically hate chocolate + peanut butter combo so, I'm not sure what I was thinking for getting this. But oh my, was it delicious! This would probably be the menu item with the highest calorie content. I would guess the regular bowl I got was at least 800 calories - perfect for those who are bulking or those that have a crazy metabolism like me. 5/5

Clean and spacious interior. They have tables and chairs as well as bar/counter top area with plugging stations. There's free wifi - just ask them for the code.

I noticed that they currently have only 2 sizes for the bowls: regular and large ($2 difference but portions aren't that much different) and they're not set up for online ordering and rewards program yet. However, they've only been open for 2 days so, calm down. They're giving out free samples, pens and fridge magnet clippy things.

I'm just happy that we have a nutritious option around campus. We can have fruits, veggies, protein, antioxidants, anti-inflammatory agents served deliciously in a bowl or cup instead of lard slapped onto carbs!笑
I love acai bowls & was excited to see a place open not far from the strip. I am in vegas a few times a year & hate casino food. My husband & I both got the peanut butter bowls with chocolate pea protein. It was a little pricey compared to what we pay in Arizona for a similar item. It was $22 for just 2 medium bowls. 

The bowl was good. It could have used more fruit on the top & better granola, but I was happy & will be back next time I am in town.笑
Update on review. This place is much better calling ahead if ur in a hurry. Thanks for your great customer service :-)笑
I never tried an Acaì bowl, but wanted to and thought why not since I had a free small bowl I got from the Rebelbook store. It was welcoming and the person working was nice. She got the bowl out really fast and it great. I didn't know what I was going to think but it was good and it's good for you I think. I had the north shore bowl.笑
I came here once and was so excited knowing there would be an acai bowl place right across the university! I feel so bad giving 3 stars. I reason is because California has spoiled me! The quality here at Bowl of Heaven is just lacking, the blend is very thin/over blended, idk, but let's say, it tastes like a jamba juice smoothie bowl. As I was trying out the different bowls my friends and I got, and I really couldn't find that taste of great acai. I am very picky and it really just tastes like smoothies here.. But because it's new, I'm hoping it will get better! I will probably be back if I'm craving something cold and fruity while I'm on campus, but not if I'm specifically craving for acai bowls.笑
Terrible Acai Bowl.  This is the worst I have ever had.

I'm embarrassed for the place claiming the "North Shore Original".  

The Maq something juice have got to go. 

Zero star for consistency of the product, the flavor, the granola, the ultra small amount of toppings, the quality, and most importantly the whole idea of an acai bowl from Hawaii.笑
My second time here and the bowls are good. They have a nice variety of extras you can buy like flower water and organic snacks. One of the main attractions for me is the tree in the front of the store full of honey BEES. That represents GOOD LUCK  to the establishment as well as the patrons
The customer service is great w/ LaMonica and Alexis笑
Mediocre. Not nearly enough banana slices on there for me. I'm used to the bananas and other fruits LAYERED on top. For what you pay, you SHOULD get more fruits. Oh and that ball of peanut butter on top costed me an extra $2. It's the size of a melon baller. Probably won't be back unless I'm passing by. Meh.笑
Superb! In the same parking lot as Rebel Books. Accidentally reviewed their mobile location. This stuff is very addicting but extremely healthy (and really fixes a sweet tooth attack). Prices are very reasonable as well. And although I'm not a student, there's a sign that offers discounts if you show school ID. 

Wish we had one on the east coast!!!笑
This bowl of heaven is amongst the top acai places around. Very clean, staff was very helpful with the menu. Pretty sure the owner was there making bowls. Hard to find a quality acai place in town and I have definitely found one here. Great meal/snack to have before or after my classes. Located by the book store. Check Em out.笑
I love this place! It is well priced in big portions. The root boost is yummy!

Serious note- being that it is so close to Unlv parking sometimes can be a nightmare.笑
I always go to the La Verne, CA location but since being out in Vegas, I was super excited to see a Bowl of Heaven pop up! I have a certain acai bowl order including apples, cinnamon, granola, and honey that I get every time back at home. Unfortunately this location didn't offer that bowl. Usually a business would have told me "so sorry, but we don't make that bowl etc" but these people were AMAZING and went above and beyond with great customer service. They not only called other locations for the ingredients necessary but made it perfectly and for free! The people behind this company are amazing and this locations customer service surpassed anything I've witnessed before. 

Bowl of heaven is amazing!!! You won't be disappointed EVER!   
Great taste and a healthier alternative to take out/fast food!笑
5 stars for the service I received at my last visit as well as for the acai. The manager/owner Josh and his team of employees are awesome. They all had positive attitudes and smiled at every customer. Also, I noticed the owner would go out of his way to speak with and greet every person walking in all the while serving up those super tasty (and customizable) acai bowls. This all combined meant I would now pledge my allegiance to bowl of heaven. Additionally, the location is really convenient and very clean inside. I wish I had more hands so I could give this place four thumbs up!笑
The acai bowls suck. Plain and simple. It was bland and was more of a dusty lavender color and not a purple. We waited 20 minutes for a bowl and a smoothie. The staff, while friendly, were extremely slow. Not much else to say other than I would never come here again for an acai bowl.笑
I like the way the place looks and feels. It's very bright and they have other healthy options! It's perfect for after the gym. On the walls they have all these super fruit posters and an explanation which I thought was cook!

Although, I will say that I am picky when it comes to acai bowls. The blended portions of my bowl still had some mango chunks and tasted more like strawberries than acai. I have been to better acai bowl places. I was a little put down because I was expecting a certain taste and it didn't come through. Well, maybe a little! 

I will say that I liked the way they put shredded coconut it was something good that they added and it was a yummy touch!

I do want to go there again and give it another chance.笑
Yummy bowls. But portions leave more to desire. Staff was pretty dull :( didn't even smile.笑
After going to Acai to the T made me thankful for this place. My favorite place to get an acai bowl either before class or after school. I love that it's right next to UNLV and students get 10% off. The staff is always friendly and helpful. :)笑
This place is pretty nice. They have great blends of juices and not to mention they use natural ingredients. The price is GREAT as well. Hands down best in the valley.笑
I just tried this for the first time today. I had the NorthShore Acai bowl and a shot of wheatgrass. Both were yummy and healthy. They cut the wheatgrass from a growing plant and juice it right in front of you! The menu looked refreshing and I want to try it all. I will definitely be coming back here. The healthy movement is rising and it's nice to have this place close by. Located right across from UNLV beside Cafe Rio. Check it out !笑
There's something about when an owner works their own business that really stands out to me, and it's evident in the quality of their product. That's exactly how it is at Bowl of Heaven. The gentleman even noticed me standing outside waiting for them to open one day, and opened early for me so I could make it to class on time! 

One thing great about this above other "Jamba Juice" and "Tropical Smoothie" places is they don't load sugar into everything and claim it's healthy. You know exactly what's going into every thing you order which is very important to me and other health conscious people. 

I've been to Bowl of Heaven on multiple occasions, it's located directly across from UNLV next to Cafe Rio so it's very convenient for students or anyone who works in the area. 

They offer acai bowls (which seem to be the most popular), fresh juices, and smoothies. 

For Acai Bowls, I've tried: 

North shore Original- Organic Acai, Strawberries, Bananas, Blueberries, Apple Juice & Topped with hemp, sliced banana and honey. DELICIOUS. Refreshing.

Peanut butter bowl- My absolute favorite (I'm a huge peanut butter fan). Essentially the same ingredients I believe but with peanut butter and chocolate almond milk instead of apple juice. This one is richer, but still very refreshing. 

I love the bowls so much, I never planned on venturing out, but the owner kindly invited me back to try the fresh juice on the house for my repeat business. 

For juice, I tried the the Green Glory which has Kale, Spinach, Lemon, Cucumber, Celery, Parsley and Apple. I could drink this everyday. It's not harsh (for the beginning juicers) but they put the perfect amount of Apple to add a slight sweetness. 

One day I was on the go and they said they could make any bowl into a smoothie, so I decided to try the Popeye blast. It had the Organic Acai, strawberries, pineapple, blueberries, apple juice, bananas, fresh kale and spinach. Hands down one of the best smoothies I've ever had. 

You really can't go wrong with anything you try here, so if you're unsure, definitely ask the employees. I have several times and they always steer me in the right direction based on my taste buds and what I'm craving!笑
As far as I've been concerned, acai bowls have been on the rage in California, but I haven't heard a peep about it here in Vegas. This place was apparently a food truck turned solid business of some sort, but it was my first time trying it and I can say it's pretty legit.

While on the pricey side, they've got a vast selection of bowls to choose from, along with other smoothies and pressed juices. 
The two times I've been here, I've had the "popeye" and some other one with raspberry and chocolate. Both were awesome, but I have an addiction to acai anyway so I guess they could of mixed it with shit and I'd still think it tastes good. 

The bonus is you can get them in these gigantic freak bowls that are enough for an elephant to eat (MURIKA) so you can feed your addiction throughout the day. Like a responsible crackhead. Got the munchies? Pull out your acai bowl! About to bomb your exam? Pull out your acai bowl! Want to choke your boss/professor? Pull out your acai bowl! Can't sleep? Pull ou... 

Everything is better with acai, put it in your life now. Stay in school, keep off drugs, eat your vegetables(and acai).笑
I absolutely love this place. From the decor, to the people, and most importantly the bowls! I visit about twice a week and I don't believe I've ever really been disappointed. Reasonable price and the LARGE is LARGE. Morgan helped me today. She was very attentive and happy! A great way to start your morning.笑
It took 15 minutes to get my regular tasting $8 smoothie, 25 minutes for my boyfriend to get his Sunrise bowl. You would think that they were waiting for the damn fruits to grow in the back or something. Definitely not worth the wait. Try Jamba Juice instead. They won't have you sitting there like a moron, and their menu is not as pretentious.笑
I was surprised to say the least, when I pulled up to what I thought was supposed to be bowl of heaven and saw bowl ology. The sign is currently a banner and I wasn't sure if the business was even open. 

Once I walked in, I noticed how clean and bright it was inside. The walls are very colorful! The are to sit is quite small, but it does the trick. The menus include bowls, smoothed, juices, and shots. I was there for a few bowls for my coworkers and I. 

I got the PB lovers with 1/2 acai and 1/2 pitaya, peanut butter was added in this mixture. The toppings were strawberries, bananas, granola, chocolate chips, and honey( I skipped the honey). 

My friends chocolate lovers had chocolate mylk mixed into the acai! The top was filled will bananas, strawberries, granola, and tons of chocolate chips. 

My other friend ordered the berry good. It's toppings were strawberries and blueberries. I can't wait to come back and try other bowls. 

The juices are already bottled and they only had a few choices as compared to what their menu states. If you're UNLV staff or student you get a discount.笑
I ordered a berry smoothie from Bowl of Heaven.  It was very thick, filling, and tasty, but in total was nothing to shout about.  It was a quality smoothie, and no doubt healthy, but still just a regular smoothie.  A little chunkier than I like, which made it tough to drink through the straw.  Not bad, but I will be trying other health stores for my smoothie fix in the future.笑
Found my Heaven on Earth..been looking for a good acai bowl since moving herevery friendly staff..and Onolicious Acai Bowls!笑
This place was pretty good but pretty pricey too. It's conveniently located across from UNLV which is probably the only reason I'd go there is craving an acai bowl. The cashier wasn't sure what was even on their menu, considering it was relatively short. Took a while to get my bowl even though it was only a friend and I there at the time. When I finally got it, the acai itself was pretty watered down for my liking.笑
Love all of their juices, smoothies and bowls. BUT the wait time is unreasonable. It takes about a half hour to get your order. So unless you have an hour to spare to order and wait for your order, don't come here. They really need to put more than one person working at a time.笑
This place is a great healthy alternative to common frozen yogurt placed in town. They use an acai based yogurt essentially which is healthier and not as sweet. Bowl of Heaven offers a variety of toppings and flavored acai (yes, flavored acai!) that keeps you coming back for more. Ive gone twice and both times I loved the flavors and got just what I want, you might think they would all taste the same, but they really do taste unique! 

And the toppings include freshly sliced fruit and hemp seeds, cant beat that!笑
I was craving an acai bowl so I made a special trip hoping I would make it in time before closing - Saturday hours posted on the website, Yelp and on the door say they are open until 4pm. 

I arrived at 3:48 all the lights were shut off, chairs put up onto tables and no one in the store. 

UPDATE:

I returned yesterday to try again for a bowl because I have a sore throat and wanted something delicious and cold to soothe it, I got the North Shore bowl and it was great! Huge portion for the regular size but I licked the bowl clean!

Also, after leaving a 1-star review for being upset about their early closure a few days before, the manager offered me a bowl on him to make up for it!  Although I didn't take him up on his offer, this shows that management/ownership truly cares about their business.笑
I had the peanut butter bowl, and it was absolutely delicious. It is nice to see a new business area so close to UNLV to liven things up a bit. It is the perfect place to relax and hang out with friends. The atmosphere is comfortable and modern. I was also impressed with the snack items and drinks available, in addition to the "made to order" menu at the counter. I cannot wait to go back and try something else. It was an all around great experience!!笑
I had always wanted to try an Acai bowl, but I had never gotten around to trying one until I went here. I have to admit that I just don't get the hype, at least for the price point. It is a smoothie with some artfully laid out granola and sliced fruit on top. It is refreshing and beautiful, but it is $10 for a large bowl of the stuff. The smaller ones are a few dollars cheaper. 

The place is super clean and I appreciated the friendliness of the staff. They also have a rack of packaged health foods items for purchase and some complimentary lime water. 

If you are into Acai bowls, definitely check this place out. I will keep waiting for a nationwide systemic change where fresh and healthy dishes cost the same as fast food junk. I will keep dreaming on that and until then, I will make smoothies at home or use this as just an occasional delicious treat.笑
PROS:
+ Good location, UNLV students deserve more healthy options
+ Pretty fair pricing, a small (snack size) is under $5
+ North Shore and Seasider are decent options, and I really like their granola

CONS:
- Consistency is a little off, over-blended too thin
- Presentation isn't as appealing as other places
- Quality could be upped a little, Acai to the T has spoiled me and raised my expectations
- Unless I misunderstood, their loyalty program requires you to spend $90 to get enough credits for a freebie WTH?笑
Looking for a healthy alternative to all those super fatty fast foods UNLV is surrounded by? Gave up meat, can't eat meat, or don't eat meat? You have two choices: you could either cook your own grub at home or you could visit Bowl Of Heaven. Located next to Cafe Rio across from the Student Union, it is the newest acai bowl shop! 

AMBIANCE: 4 - Small, clean, new. Ah, the freshness of new businesses! It makes you thankful that Vegas always opens several new places all the time. BOH doesn't seat many, but is is bright and inviting, simple and super organized. For college students, it's really the place to be! To be...you know, healthy!!  

SERVICE: 5 - The staff are all friendly and super helpful. They're sweet and all have their biggest smiles on. The managers/owner are always checking to see if everything is tasting good & if you're enjoying it! Not to mention, they crank out bowls super fast--like they were born to make them! 

FOOD: 4 - BOH sells acai bowls, smoothies, and juices on their menu. Also, how  you order will depend on what you like and your tastes are. I usually like traditional flavors, so you know what my favorite bowl is: The North Shore Original! The staff recommended the Red Zinger bowl for my next visit, and honestly, I can't wait to try it! 

I do admit that I wish it was open at 7:30 so I could grab some before my morning class. I'm definitely guilty of being one of those students that munch during biology lecture! 

I don't claim to know a ton about acai bowls. Honestly, I haven't consumed many....yet. But I do know taste, and Bowl of Heaven is pretty yummy! Sometimes, you just need a new way to get healthy, and BOH is definitely the new best way to eat healthy at UNLV!笑
Alleluia for Bowl of Heaven!
Now Vegas has another place for acai lovers to worship and it's located right across from UNLV on Maryland Parkway.  Thanks to Ms. Fitness Cathy C. for her review and letting us know they're open for biz. 
I had the small Popeye bowl and it had a nice, thick consistency with great acai flavor; I could see little pieces of green from the spinach and kale.  Did I just feel my muscles grow?

-$7.99 regular bowls, $9.99 large bowls
-plethora of acai bowl combinations to choose from, as well as smoothies and juices
-'boosts' to enhance your order include vanilla, chocolate, fresh kale, fresh spinach, mint, ginger, organic pitaya, organic acai
-extra toppings include paleo granola, organic granola, fresh berries (straw-, blue-, rasp-), honey, dark Belgian chocolate, bee pollen, shredded coconut (sweetened or unsweetened)
-Loyalty Rewards program is available, but I failed to ask because I found out about it afterwards.  Online Ordering app is in the works.

Open 8:00am-6:00pm for your assorted heavenly antioxidant fixes.笑
Wow first hand experience having an Acai bowl here and it was amazing  I never had one before and my friend recommended this place! I ordered the Peanut butter Acai bowl and it was 8.63 for a regular. Not bad because all of the ingredients used are organic and vegan friendly so the price is actually worth it. Definitely my spot to have a healthy craving!!笑
First time here and got the Seasider bowl! Although I normally get the traditional unblended Acai this one was really good. The ingredients were fresh and the service was great.笑
Went to the grand opening of this place and the workers were really friendly. They gave out samples for you to try before you bought them. 

Being from Hawaii, I have high expectations for how my acai tastes. I would rate the acai a 2.5 just because it taste exactly like a jamba juice smoothie with granola and bananas on top.  It doesn't even taste like acai! Not that great. If you want good acai in vegas, I recommended Acai to the T!笑
This place is expensive, but the quality is there. I've loved everything I've tried. I always get a ginger shot with apple juice and pick me up I need for my mid day crash. The North Shore Bowl is a repeat on my order list. I also like to get the juices.笑
I went for breakfast this morning with some of my coworkers and we all LOVED it!!!! We got the popeye acai bowl, which on the paper looks like it wouldn't taste that great because it contains a lot of greens, but it was just delicious. The granola and banana slices on top were the perfect combination, and  the acai puree on the bottom tasted so good that we couldn't believe that it was actually healthy!

Staff was really friendly and helpful, since they helped us pick what bowl to purchase. The bowl took a little time to come out, but it was for a good reason: they make them as soon as you order, all from natural, fresh, and healthy ingredients!!! Then the staff members bring the bowl to you with a smile on their face.

We ordered medium size bowls, which were big enough to satisfy each of us. Definitely going to hit this place again! Probably going to make it my weekly treat!!!!笑
This place is great!! They have a good selection of acai bowls, fresh squeezed juices and smoothies. The staff is very friendly and well educated on the benefits of their juices. They use fresh fruits and veggies for the juices. I am a Las Vegas local and a fitness nut, It is hard to find a healthy alternative to any of the fast food, especially near the strip. It's nice to have a place that offers gluten free selections as well as GMO free and organic options. I am Definitely a regular here! If you like juice or healthy options you will love this place to!笑
Finally!  I've been looking for a healthier alternative for breakfast and this place fills that niche! 

I've ordered the Original North Shore and Sea Sider bowls and both have been quite tasty. Ambiance/Decor is spot on, employees are friendly and accommodating, and location is perfect for UNLV students and staff. 

Useful tips:

- 10% Discount with your Rebelcard
- Accepts Rebel Cash
- Has other organic/paleo/vegan items for sale if you're into that.
- In the plaza across from Rebelbooks, between Rumbi Island Grill and Cafe Rio (Replaced Pita Pit). 


I'll definitely be back to try more items from their menu!笑
This is my first time so I kind of went to the side to look at the menu for a little & the lady at the counter didn't roll her eyes or anything & was very patient with me (although there were guests behind me). She was super kind & genuine w a huge smile on her face. 

I had the Large Purple Rain ($9.99): organic acai, purple corn, pineapple, blueberries, cinnamon, unsweetened coconut milk & MAQ 7. One of the best smoothies I have ever had. It's a perfect balance of acai, purple corn & coconut milk. Well blended & not chunky like some smoothie places. I will be back to repurchase!

They offer a 10% discount for UNLV students!! (I'm in Vegas for spring break but she still gave me a discount for being an SDSU student) :)

5 stars for friendly service, modern atmosphere, large selection & taste of product, they have complimentary cucumber lemon water & outlets along the periphery if you want to chill & do homework.