We used to be regulars at Cactus Rose when it was in the downtown train station in Matthews years ago.  We'd lost track after it moved to various other locations, then discovered it again opening just down Monroe Road in Indian Trail.  So, remembering the great meals we had there before, we ventured down to try the new location.
I'm sorry to say it was a big disappointment.  The service was fine, our waitress was attentive and food arrived quickly.  This was on a Saturday evening, so there were other families in there too.  But the food itself was surprisingly bland.  It's as if they don't add any spices when preparing the meats.  The beef for my fajitas appeared totally without any seasoning.  My wife said the same for her ground beef chimi.  I don't recall ever having to add salt to a Mexican dish before!  Oh, and tho the portion was good sized in the fajita dinner, they only bring you 3 very small flour tortillas .. absolutely not adequate to hold all of the dinner.  But the clincher was, after asking for a couple more soft tortillas so I could finish my meal, finding the additional ones as an extra charge on my bill!  So, under-serve the number needed, then charge when the customer asks for more?  amazing.  And my wife found it odd compared to other Mexican restaurants we frequent that no sides came with the Chimichanga ; no rice, no refried beans,  unless you wanted to pay an additional charge.
All in all we both agreed there was no reason to drive all the way here to return, and relegated the memories of the old Cactus Rose to the past, not to be repeated.Ǿ
Good little restaurant tucked in a strip mall. We were on our way to try La Unica on a Friday night.  It looked really busy and we had some small kids with us so did't want to wait long. We checked out Cactus Rose around the building and were not disappointed. Quick inexpensive Mexican Food. Full bar, friendly service.  The food was good, and there was even a fellow playing live music. Will definitely visit again.Ǿ
Real Mexican Food and the best you are going to find!! Family owned business with over 40 years experience in Mexican food. Not your typical microwave mush like you find all over the US. This is old school Mexican like you find in south Texas. If you like Tex-Mex  and find yourself around east Charlotte stop by and see Gabby & Deb and enjoy a real meal of Mexican Food.Ǿ
We decided to try this Mexican restaurant after living near by for almost two years and we are so glad we did!!  What a gem!   The guacamole was fantastic,  and all the food we ordered was delicious!  I had the chicken chimichanga which was very good,  we also ordered a cheese dip.   The salsa and chips were delicious as well and we had fried ice cream for dessert!! One of our new favorite spots!!  We will definitely be back soon!Ǿ
Not authentic food. Atmosphere was not great the day we went. Won't be stopping by again. A lot of better choices out there.Ǿ
Service was very good on a busy Friday evening. Service was great on two other visits on quiet late afternoons. Food was very good each visit. Price is very right. My husband likes that he can get a beer with his meal. Haven't had dessert yet. So far have been very full from the portions. Will go back!Ǿ
Pretty good. They have beer & tv. But food is ok I guess. Not sure I will be back....maybe I got the wrong thangǾ
I thought it was a questionable move for a New Mexican joint to move in right beside la unica, but after trying it I have to say I like cactus rose better. The bean/cheese dip is great and their chips are delicious and perfectly salted. The chili relleno is really great, they fry the whole pepper and stuff it with cheese and top it with queso (not exactly diet friendly but really good ). I took a star off because of the service. It seems like they need a few more people working here. The food was slow coming out and some people who ordered before us got their food after us. Maybe they'll work the kinks out but I'll definitely be back!Ǿ
I was looking forward to the new location but boy was I disappointed. 

The service was awful.  It was so bad that it literally took over 30 minutes from the time the first meal was brought out until the fourth.  The excuse was that another waitress had mistaken the missing meal and delivered it to the wrong table.  Maybe, but then why did our 2 other meals arrive 20 minutes late.  I have to wonder who is running the place.  The manager offered a weak apology.  

Three of us ordered meals calling for tortilla shells.  We had to hunt down the waitress to get them.  Even then it was about 15 minutes before they arrived. By which time our food was turning cold.  When they came they were wrapped tightly in aluminum foil so were very soggy and falling apart.

I felt sorry for our server.  She was working hard and running from table to table but the manager and the kitchen were making her look bad and adding to her work load.

The food was just OK.  Typical storefront Tex-Mex.  No thought went into the presentation.  The flavors were very flat.

Finally they had a very poor entertainer performing.  He added nothing but noise to the atmosphere.

Maybe the owner should get rid of the musician and use the money to hire an expeditor to oversee the kitchen.Ǿ
I've been there a few times with my wife.

One good thing is that lunch menu is good until 4 p.m. The lunch combos are a good price and the food is usually good. I would advise to make sure you specify beef, chicken or cheese if you are getting something that could go many ways. The default seems to be cheese.

My wife does like the chile relleno. They do offer chips while you wait.

The service is hit or miss. I've been there during some slow times, and the service can disappear.

However, this overall is a solid choice if you are in the area. I will be back.