Amazing customer service! Very professional, helpful and polite!!! Rob was such a delight to order from and it is very evident he has great rapport with the locals! Kudos!笑
If you like New York style pizza this place is a hidden gem in Downtown...Located across from the court house on Lewis & Casino Center, they are one of the best I have found in town.

They are open Monday through Friday only from 7am to 6pm, but if you can make it downtown during the week, this is a place to check out.  Parking is a bit of a challenge as there is no free public parking lot, but I tell you it is worth the trip.

They have lunch special's which run daily until 4pm which means 2 large cheese slices with a drink is only $5.50 until 4pm.

Everyone I have talked to during my visit today has told me everything they have is excellent.  You won't find a bad item on the menu and Anthony is a very cool person to hang and chat with.  

I highly recommend this place, you won't be disappointed...笑
Best ny pizza white pizza is to die for. When you walk in the smell takes you back to new york real pizza . Draw back not open on weekends for us downtowners.笑
Had very high hopes for this place based on a number of great reviews and the fact the I love NY style pizza. Ordered a large pie with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom at lunchtime. Although it wasn't bad, it's definitely not in the same league as pizza from John's, Lombardi's, Grimaldi's, etc. in NY. Personally, I think the sauce was under-seasoned, the crust too thick and also too dry. It was also slightly under-cooked with no char on the crust. 

I would like to go back and give them another chance. Maybe I just got there on a bad day.笑
Thank you for making jury duty a little less painful! Staff is friendly and the food is fantastic! Really a breath of fresh air after having to deal with jury duty and stuffy government employees!笑
This place did not disappoint at all. I got there at the peak of lunchtime and got my two slices in less than five minutes.
The staff is very friendly and the pizza exceeded my expectations.
I'm definitely coming back in the future.笑
Anthony's was really close to my hotel. Only 5 mins away. Walked in and felt really welcome. Atmosphere is really chill. I met rob and j, who are really nice guys. I bohht some mild chicken wings and a XL Bbq chicken pizza, and man... Rob know how to cook a mean pizza.  Thoroughly enjoyed it and will be back!!笑
We ordered delivery from here to our office the other day. It was VERY good. We ordered 2 XL cheese pizzas (true NY style), an antipasto salad, mozzarella sticks, and some soft drinks. The pizzas were the real deal. The slices were huge. They fold over your hand as you're eating it. Thin NY slices with cheese and covered in seasoning. The salad was good. It wasn't anything worth writing home about but it was good. The meat and ingredients were definitely fresh. Originally we had ordered the jalapeno poppers but they were out so we substituted for the mozzarella sticks. They were just your plain jane (probably frozen) mozz sticks. They were truly the only disappointment. Our total was $75 but it fed a small office of 6. Some even lasted into the next day for lunch.笑
I had high expectations for this place and was disappointed. First my delivery took 1.5 hours, okay they get busy. I can understand that.

Then my pizza was cold and my salad was warm. To make it worse I found a hair in my salad.  

The pizza was good even though it was cold. I won't be eating here again though.笑
We had our weekly cheat at this restaurant last week. We live in North Las Vegas and read the yelp reviews and hoped it would be half as good as they wrote. That said, this was THE best We've ever had, anywhere!! North Las Vegas is not a destination spot for great food, so you got to drive! This will be our go to pizza place from here on out...we are spoiled by Anthonys! And it's even better the next day!笑
Great little pizza shop downtown across from the courthouse. 

They have breakfast items like bagels a spreads for the morning crowd and lunch specials for all the hungry court employees.笑
Would have gave this place five stars. But to me presentation and getting the order right should be a priority when it comes to food or to restaurants in general. 

So I made a delivery order for a bbq chicken pizza.  When I opened the box all the bbq and chicken were on the sides of the box rather than on the pizza. Just seems like it was probably placed somewhere slanted. So I pretty much had to scrape all the toppings of the box and place them on the pizza just to eat it. 

Also I ordered two bottles of water and never got them but I paid for them. The delivery guy offered to get them for me but why would I want that? So I can wait another 45 mins to get water? No thanks. 

This is disappointing because the pizza is actually good which is why I gave it a 2 star and not an 1 star. However, forgetting things that I paid for and presenting me with a sloppy ass pizza just says a lot about how much you care about your customers. 

Probably be the last time I order from this place.笑
LOVE this place.. best pizza!!!  Plus they have the most amazing Cannoli's ever!! cant wait to go back. super friendly service too. Thanks!笑
Best NY Style pizza in Las Vegas!!!! I'm from Brooklyn NY and this pizza and Cannoli are tastes of home!!!笑
First of all the deli was closed for 3days during thanksgiving week. then on the last day(cyber monday) finally the pizzeria was open, so I ordered the large veggie pizza and hoping it was worth waiting for 3days. I was wrong, it had no taste, it had less cheese and more of watery  portion of the sauce and NO taste at all.笑
great food, great prices!
Great idea, pizza slice with chicken fingers笑
I don't really like pizza but I LOVE THIS PIZZA!!!!

Anthony's started off on the right foot by giving out free slices of pizza, or a whole pie if you were taking it back to the co-workers.  It only got better from there...

Delicious pizza, great fresh toppings, and a quick lunch option downtown!  The french fries are excellent.  There's too much chicken to eat when you order chicken strips.  The lasagna is yummy and the salads look great!

The staff is wonderful, they remember you and your order and the service is always quick even when they're busy.  If you work downtwon the trick is to call in your order and pick it up about 10 minutes later.  They'll let you skip to the front of the line to pay and your pizza will be waiting when you walk in the door.  

My personal favorite = sliced meatballs + onions.  The pizza itself if the perfect balance of excellent cheese and sauce  that isn't too sweet.  The meatballs are better than regular sausage because they're perfectly seasoned and don't fall off your pizza :)笑
Anthony's Pizza is New York style and delicious.  I am also a big fan of their chicken parm sub, modified with some wing sauce:)

I wrote this review because I wanted to share a story about their customer service.  They delivered the wrong order to me today, and before I could call them to complain, they delivered my correct order.  Well played Anthony's!笑
I ordered the vegetarian pizza and added pepperoni and ham. The pizza arrived with out any vegtables at all... and only a few piceses of meat. Really!!笑
I've been eating Tony's pizza since I was a kid! Love this place, the pizza and the canoli's!!!!!笑
Great pie... owner very friendly...sliced meatball and green bell peppers on pie was great... sandwich  looked great also. Closed Saturday and Sunday....One of the top NY. Style pies in Vegas. I'll be back!笑
The best Sicilian pizza I ever ate! The mozzarella, sauce and dough are so much like NYC. Awesome for the picky pizza eater. Can't wait to try the regular pie.笑
Exceptional NY pizza.  Best I've had since leaving NY.  The service was exceptional and the pizza, the pizza was as good as any that I've had in NYC.  The crust was thin and done perfectly.  The sauce was tasty and not acidic.  The cheese was quality and baked to perfection.  The slice was foldable, just how it's to be eaten in NY.  I'll be back next time to Vegas.笑
A good place to go grab some grub. The menu is plentiful, they have just about anything you want to eat. You get breakfast ( breakfast burrito) the way to go. Pizza for lunch ( pepperoni) is good, and for dinner the half pound Angus burger. Food, customer service, and employee's are great!!!! Thank you guys!!!笑
Anthonys pizza and deli downtown in las vegas has excellent food good pizza and the staff take very good care of their customers I highly recommend this place笑
This pizza establishment is the real deal! Ordered the Jalapeño poppers with a large veggie pizza. It's to die for! The flavors are spot on, the ingredients are fresh, the pizza is hand made to order. I also recommend the spicy chicken fingers and the calzone! Great, fast service at the right price! Great job!笑
Their entire menu is amazing. I haven't tried anything that wasn't amazing. The only down side is that it is pricely for lunch but everything is made fresh. The owner works there everyday and takes pride in the business.笑
I've been called for my civic duty; I was selected. In doing so, I've been stuck in a court room unable to bring lunch or food. 

Pulling out my faithful Yelp app, I looked for dining options close to the courthouse that wouldn't break the bank and was quick so I could return back to the court house at the assigned time.

Anthony's came up and it's literally across the street from the main entrance. Truly has a New Year feel. Several men working their asses off, tossing dough, saucing wings, and making magic happen.

Portions are rather large for wings and fingers, pizza slices are big, but not huge, definitely a 2 slice spot. They offer soups, sandwiches, wings, fingers, and a few other Italian specialties. There is also a daily special as well as several lunch specials.

Not fancy, but serving up good pies, makin' their own ranch, and everything else from scratch. If you're downtown and stuck doing you're civic duty or you've had an unfortunate run in with the law, make this you to-go to spot for a bite.

BONUS TIP: Don't jaywalk here from the courthouse. The police is all over the place here and they will issue JAY WALKING tickets.笑
I was so disappointed in my order from them today.   Ordered the pizza special with Canadian bacon and pineapple for delivery.  Both were thrown on top of a previously baked pizza with no cheese added.  In fact it wasn't Canadian bacon but rough cut large unevenly diced chunks of ham.  I asked multiple people in the office and they had never seen anything like it.  Wish I could upload a picture. I usually eat there at least once a week so I tried to call and talk to a manager.  The phone was answered with please hold in an annoyed voice, followed by another person picking up the phone with a yeah.  I asked to speak to a manager and was told the person who put me on hold was the manager.  I repeated that I needed the manager and was informed that both the manager ( who was yelling in the background I don't have time for this) and the employee didn't have time to talk to me.   HORRIBLE customer service won't be eating here again.笑
The best pie I've had in Las Vegas!

The crust was perfectly crisp on the bottom, and had a great chew.  The sauce was not too sweet, nor too tangy, and the cheese was off the hook!

I should have asked Anthony where he got his pepperoni from as I would definitely change brands for my home made pies.

$29.00 for a 16" pie and 4 drinks...4 people fed for that price in Vegas?  Super deal!

Anthony is a great guy.  Super friendly, and works the crowd between pies. Free advice:  Hit 'em up before or after lunch.  Yes it gets that busy.笑
I LOVE this place! I work right around the corner, so I love ordering from them! I usually always get the caprese salad with extra bread, which is YUMMY, but make sure you've got some minty gum...it's drenched in garlic, which I love! Today, I ordered the greek salad and a cannoli. I loved the salad. This was the first time I've had a cannoli, so I don't have anything to compare that to, but I really enjoyed it. :) Definitely a place to order from!笑
A nice surprise at lunch break from jury duty. Just like stepping into a pizza/sub shop in New York or Philly. My Rueben (with pastrami instead of corned beef) could have served two. Almost worth having jury duty. Almost.笑
I went in last week for lunch because I heard good reviews. When I finally got to the middle of the line, an older Hispanic man took my order with nothing but attitude and an attitude to which he didn't want to help me. When I finally got my lunch special which was two slices and a drink, it was wrong. When I went back and talked to  the same man who took my order, and told him that it was wrong and not to my liking; he then told me that it was exactly what I ordered.  He then turned around and walked away.  I found this to be incredibly rude and just our right wrong.  A younger gentleman heard what I was saying and asked me what problem was.  When I told him my problem, he offered to fix it and apologized profusely for the situation that had happened.  He was very nice for doing what he had done.  However, I will not be returning to Anthony's because of the rude gesture and actions of the older Hispanic gentleman.笑
I can't say enough good things about Anthony's! The owner is busting his butt every day and really cares about his restaurant, customers, and food. The food is hot, fresh, and delicious every time. I have eaten more of their chicken and pizza lunch specials than I care to admit to, but I have NEVER been disappointed. The staff is friendly, funny, and hardworking. 

My co-worker is from Philly, PA, and walked in with me one day to order a cheeseburger sandwich, which he hadn't been able to find on a menu since moving to Las Vegas. I had never heard of it (being from California) and didn't see it on the menu. But the cook and cashier new EXACTLY what he was asking for and made it special just for him, thrilled that he had ordered it. 

That's the kind of spirit you can expect at Anthony's.笑
Finally another downtown option!  I tried this place when they had a soft opening and we're giving away free slices a couple months back.  They have officially opened!  I got one of the lunch specials, two slices and a drink for $5.50.  They have a pretty extensive menu with subs, pasta, salads, wings, fries, etc.  Prices seem reasonable and they deliver if you happen to work downtown as I do.  They were extremely busy since they just opened but my order was ready fairly quickly.  They have some inside seating and a couple tables outside.笑
I love this place!! I definitely come down here whenever I visit downtown! The atmosphere and food here is great!! There is such a great selection to choose from it blows my mind! The fact that it is all freshly made and you can see them making your food really makes this place and the food even better! The staff has excellent customer service skills and goes the extra mile for their customers!  Whether I order delivery or come in, I always have a great experience! Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Downtown Las Vegas!笑
New York style pizza! Located right across the courthouse, great location, lots of foot traffic for this place.  Met the owner, he was working the ovens, nice guy, driven and ambitious.  The pizza was exactly what you expect from a NY style pizza; large and meaty!笑
Went here on a break from jury duty and got a lunch special. It was reasonably priced and great food. Would definitely come back here again.笑
I really enjoy this place as a dine in restaurant  but I am extremely  disappointed in the delivery. I work in an office downtown less than 2 blocks from this place. I knew I was going to have a busy day and decided to order lunch for a staff meeting (one large pizza and some soda...our office is small). I called the order in at 11:10 and was told it would be a 35 delivery. It is now 12:35 and my order still has not been delivered.  I called at 12:10 to find out the status of the order and was told it was coming very soon. I have a hungry staff who will not get to enjoy their lunch during the lunch hour. Lesson learned  just say no to Anthonys  delivery.笑
Wow!!! Boy did this place have me fooled!! I did not expect the food to taste as good as it did!! What an unexpected surprise!! I am now a fan of Anthony's NY Pizza Deli!! I recognized the logo from the numerous pizza boxes I see on a daily basis inside the community fridge,at the office I work at in downtown. I had to try for myself. Tasty New York style pizza...hot, fresh, made-to-order thin & crispy!! Just how I like it!!! I now understand why this place is a popular lunch spot!! Fantastic lunch specials and friendly service too!!! Minus 1 star as this place could use a little more effort on clean-up after the lunch rush is over.笑
food is amazing!!! they have great lunch specials & the owner is such a hard worker, def knows how to take care of his customers. 
I recommend this place , best pizza ever!!!!!笑
This place has great food, but it's a bit pricey for lunch, in my opinion and there is usually a long wait to get your food. The Pizza is always fresh and delicious and the salads are a good sized portion and the sandwiches always look great. The wait isn't really their fault because they're always so busy, but I $14 for a salad and a drink is a bit on the expensive side. I think it's because they charge $5 to add chicken. I'll eat there again, but probably just stick with a slice rather than try to be healthy, haha.笑
Anthony's is a tiny hole-in-the-wall, downtown pizza place that serves up tasty pies. They have a great lunch special that includes two slices of cheese pizza and a drink for $5 and some change. There are so many pizza places in the Downtown area, but Anthony's is my go-to lunch pick. Stop by if you want a quick, cheap, and tasty lunch near the courthouse.笑
Went here for an early lunch had a meatball sub which was good. The fries were ok nothing special. My wife had a couple slices of pizza and the peppers and onions were grilled before being placed on top, very good.笑
Excellent food and great customer service. Try the chicken fingers with the kickin' bourbon sauce!笑
This place is awesome.  So I ordered my usual two slices of pizza with pepperoni and a drink. On the way back to the office the wind was blowing like crazy and it grabbed my pizza box, opened it and I dropped my pizza on the ground. They say this and made me two new slices at no charge.

Not only is the food out of this world, but the staff are as well. Thanks guys.笑
Best pizza in town! True NY style. Very friendly service. Right across the street from the courthouse. If I hadn't served as a juror I wouldn't have ever known about this joint. Wish they had their own parking lot though. There are a couple 15 minute loading/unloading spots right in front, but during the busy lunchtime they're usually taken. Best time to stop by is probably after 2 pm, when everyone is back in court. The downside is they're only open Monday thru Friday. They also serve pizza by the slice and they have fantastic cannolis!笑
Went during lunch. It was ok. Nothing fabulous. Had the slice and salad.笑
We are originally from the NY area snd this is real NY food. We had chicken Parmesan and spaghetti and meatballs. Great sauce, great meat. Super reasonable pricing and super friendly owner and staff.笑
Delicious super thin pizza slices. I got the 2 cheese slices with fountain drink lunch special for $5.99. My slices were ready before I was done filling my fountain drink. Really reminded me of my hometown NY pizza. Great place for lunch if your stuck at court all day.笑
Big supporter of this place. 

The slices are very good -- great, slightly doughy crust, good sauce.

More so, though, the location downtown and layout of the shop can make you forget (for a moment) that you are in Las Vegas.笑
I'm surprised the rating for this is as good as it is.  The pizza was just fine, but the service was shitty.  On hold for 15 mins and then I called back.  Guy seemed to have forgotten we were on hold.  He didn't listen properly when we told him which entrance of the building to come to.  Driver was confused.  Pizza was cold and sucked.  Owner was supposed to call but never did.  Never ordering from here.  Fuggetaboutit.  Broadway we should have never tried something different.  Sorry.笑
New pizza place downtown, and it's great.  New York style pizza with a good menu of pasta and sandwiches.  I get two slices with sausage and a Coke for under $7.  I've worked downtown for a long time and have been waiting for a place like this.  Say hi to Anthony working the oven, he's a great guy and works hard to get you a great meal.笑
The customer service is genuinly very friendly. 
The hot wings were very good, I would recommend. The pizza however is below average for me.  I guess I prefer Chicago style pizza. 
Next time we'll order the wing's again & perhaps lasagne or a sandwich. 
They do have a big menu. Located right near the court house.笑
The ANYP&D
If your on a diet smh you will murder your diet here! OMG good pizza! Great Pizza the best Pizza oh yeah! Sometimes I get a lil angry when my husband points out places such as this because he knows I'm on a diet. Ok so I'm weak. I ate it and yes as I put  my left hand on the bible and put up my right hand. I swear this pizza is so OMG good. Sad to say should u go here you may catch me eating pizza here :(笑
I work at a law firm downtown, so my coworker Lucy and I are regular customers. We stop by Anthonys at least once or twice a week and order chicken fingers and fries or the cheese slices. The employees are always happy and eager to help. Anthony is also always super friendly. The food is DELICIOUS and prepared in a timely manner. I love Anthonys and will continue to be a loyal customer.笑
I had jury duty so came here for lunch! Had the meatball sandwich and it was alright nothing special. Next time I'll try the pizza. It looked really good笑
Pizza was what you expect from New York style pizza joint. People were friendly and food came out quick! Prices were good!笑
Wow great  pizza and the fresh baked cookie is to die for. A two hands salute to the friendly staff. Now I know where to go whenever I'm at this area. Congrats guys job well done笑
Meatball sub special is my go to but everything I've had is great! Nice staff and clean.笑
This is my second time here. I usually order the omelet. Their omelets are fluffy and filling. The man (no hair) and women (only one I usually see) whos helped us are super duper nice. They sincerely like what they do, or at least they know how to turn on awesome customer service. They make you feel like family.....for sure you must try to come here and try their food!!笑
Anthonys new York pizza and deli the food was excellent and the staff was way cool a very good bodacious place to eat downtown las vegas n.v.笑
Actually great NY-style pizza and not just a novelty act- which it certainly is.笑
I am a fan of Anthony's. When I eat lunch here, I usually get the spaghetti lunch combo. It's pretty simple, but always really good. I've also had the chicken strips and the chicken Parmesan sandwich, both of which were great as well. Lately, I've been coming mostly for breakfast. I had an omelet with spinach once that was a little on the watery side for my taste, like they hadn't drained/squeezed the spinach well enough maybe. But most of the time, I get the two eggs and potatoes, sometimes with bacon. The potatoes are cooked on the flattop with onions and green peppers. Quite good.笑
Love love this place they have a long time customer I will catch the bus just to come here they have great customer service an the food is awesome they serve everything from breakfast to dinner an the food is made from scratch not store bought I love this place an its my first time here an I'm coming back every chance I get.