I went in thinking it would be pretty basic.  But this place has it all sushi, Chinese food, hibachi, lots of seafood. Everything i tried was good. Also it's nicely decorated and clean and a good price for a dinner buffet!笑
We don't frequent buffets often, but China Buffet is our go-to for large events. Tiffany and her team were monumental in providing space for our large 75+ groups for important events in our life. Living in a different state and coordinating with her was great. Our families and friends enjoy the food, we appreciate them having enough staff to help to take care of our guests, and we personally haven't taken advantage of all they have to offer (noodle & hibachi) stations, but we enjoy everything else enough. My sister thinks they make the best lo mein noodles.笑
5 star buffet for sure.  If you are in the University area and are looking for a quick lunch for minimal cost, this is your spot.  China Buffet has become my go to place for lunch.  I have been here three times and each experience has been great.  I have gotten seated quickly and served a drink promptly.  My waiters have been attentive without being overbearing.  Their sushi bar is excellent!!!  It has lots of variety and special rolls.  Definitely the best sushi I have found in the University area.  Hibachi and Chinese buffet foods were great as well.  The only thing I have yet to try is their soup bar.  The soups look amazing, but I am usually to full to eat one.  Absolutely will try one next time.  I highly recommend the place.  You won't be disappointed.  Truly sorry it took me so long to find it as I have worked in the area for several years.笑
It has a great location but not too many 'hot items' on the Buffett meaning the portion is less & been on the buffet for a little longer. The food isn't bad, it's a buffet guys! One thing it needs to include for the kiddos is pizza. 
Tidbit. If u don't wander over to the grill then u won't see the noodle soup there. Yes they have pho!! It's basic but fresh & good. Try it! Of course with Siracha sauce. I guess that's why we keep coming back. Buffett + pho, a combo笑
I recently ate at this restaurant with my fiancé after normal lunch hours. 

As others have said, the interior is pretty nice, though it's almost crossing that line of being a bit gaudy. The food is the standard for what you would expect for a Chinese buffet, but what stands out is the selection. Sushi, a hibachi grill, and selected Chinese and American dishes are available. Nothing really stands out taste-wise. The food isn't bad, but nothing that is amazing. The price is reasonable for the amount of selection and the service was good. 

I'll give this place another try in the future and hopefully the food will match the look of the place.笑
This place used to be amazing. Originally, I gave it 5 stars, which is rare for me. Unfortunately, the past few times I've eaten there it seems to have suffered the fate most buffets do. Something has drastically changed and everything was bland, plain, with all the deep fried foods tasting exactly the same; like cheap, plain fried batter. Obviously, someone decided they could make more money if they started using cheaper, lower quality food from their food supply company. It's a shame, but I would no longer recommend this place. There are much better Chinese buffets out there.笑
This place is next-door to our hotel - and since our hotel doesn't include breakfast and we slept late today, we ate lunch (brunch) at China Buffet.  We're incredulous about the negative reviews, since our experience was quite the opposite.  Firstly, everything was very clean and the food was quite fresh.  Secondly, the selection of food was *terrific*; really impressive when compared to other Chinese buffets - and it included a big variety of sushi, too.  Thirdly; everyone working there was *very* pleasant, plus our server (i.e., he brought & refilled our water glasses and he cleared our plates between visits to the buffet) was *very* attentive.  In addition, the interior of the restaurant is very attractive and spacious.

(Update on 4/14/14):  We also ate lunch (brunch) there today and it was another very positive experience.  The cost is much less on weekdays ($8.99 vs. $12.99, although even $12.99 is a bargain for the amount of delicious food).  The hostess recognized us, and she & our server were very sweet.笑
We felt the buffet was pretty good for buffet standard.  Husband even liked it .  They were always bringing hot foods.笑
It's a Chinese Buffet and I'm comparing it only to other Chinese buffets. It's one of the best I've been to. 

The food was hot, fresh and delicious. The selection is great and always changing from visit to visit. The food is constantly being replenished. Take out is charged by the pound. They do have menus if you are so inclined. The seating area atmosphere was VERY nice, and the furnishings were well above any other buffet I've seen. Everything was clean! The service is great. 

It is priced at $7.99 at lunch and $10.99 dinner per person for adults. There is an ample selection of hot, fresh food, as well as a Mongolian style buffet where you add ingredients for the chef to make you teriyaki, hibachi or garlic dishes while you watch. The sushi is always full and they are making in fresh right there. Don't compare it to your favorite sushi place... it's a buffet.笑
Me and my family came here looking forward to a good meal. We were very disappointed.  The manager was not kind. She was actually quite rude. The food also was not fresh. They also charged me dinner, even though we didn't have the dinner meal. The fried food was full of oil, and most of the food was dry. It was wayyyy over priced based on the bad quality. I would not recommend this place, I'm definitely not coming back.笑
I love Chinese food.  I love buffets. So when I found China Buffet close to my hotel on a recent business trip I was anxious to try. 
Upon entering I noticed the strong smell of steamed seafood which I took as a good sign however it turned to disappointment.  

I started with the soups. The egg drop had a fairly thick consistency but turned out tasteless. The hot and sour was hot but not sour.  On to the seafood course. Crawfish rubbery, calamari the same and the steamed shrimp was overlooked. The fried courses of wings, fish and ribs were dry and rubbery. Next the mixed Chinese course with chicken and broccoli, noodles and fried rice all bland and soggy. 

Upon having to sit there clearly finished as my waitress ignored me I finally had to ask for the check. Being from out of town I thought it was a little pricey. 

All in all I was unimpressed.笑
I was staying at the Holiday Inn next door, and dinner time rolled around, so I strolled over here and had a delightful dinner buffet.  I was very pleasantly surprised by their Crab and Cheese casserole type thing which was quite good.  

Overall, they had a sizable collection of food for a reasonable price, and I certainly left quite full.笑
My husband wanted Chinese buffet but the only one with decent reviews was almost 10 miles away. Well that didn't stop him and here we were on our way to Chinese buffet. In another city maybe Saturday afternoon 10 miles is nothing but in Charlotte's traffic 10 miles seems like forever. By the time we got there I was so thankful it was buffet because I was very hungry. Well the place is huge, and the decoration is very interesting and I liked it. It was very busy and I saw a lot of Asian people which is a good sign. We didn't even sit I told our server water please and then ran to the food, They had a big selection of food, and all the trays were full and they seemed fresh. I had to be very careful while choosing what to eat because of my little one but it was easy with all the options they have. I was very satisfied and it is a Chinese buffet so lets keep real, the food was ok. But when you are hungry and you decide to go to a buffet then I don't expect great food. I just have to say that my husband love it but he loves food in general. He even made plans to take my dad there when he visit us from Nashville (those two are buffet lovers). So yes I will be back.笑
I took my wife and daughter for lunch. Everyone enjoyed the food.  In my opinion, the shrimp was overdone. All else was good. The service was great.  I noticed that while the ice cream scoop was, indeed, in water, there was running water in the container making sure the water was regularly changed. Would definatly go there again.笑
Ew. Honestly. This is the first time I've gotten a to-go order from a buffet (I was working), so I don't know if it's normal to charge by weight and include the price of the box, but I thought that was strange to pay for the container my food was in. Also, there were two girls working up front and one of them had an attitude with my friend who was with me and had me wait AFTER she ran my card to see if the new girl rung our orders correctly... My friend was happy with her food, but I pretty much did not like one single thing I tried and I put about ten different things in my box. Yuck.笑
Dining in is a good experience. While being on the pricey side, they have more variety than most Chinese buffets and the building has undergone a beautiful, and probably expensive renovation.
They would get 4 stars if it weren't for a screw-up that tainted my view of them. A coworker and I ordered carryout and they gave me/charged me for a completely different item, giving me white rice instead of fried and no spring roll which came with the dish I ordered. I said the number of the item I ordered, not the dish, so the screw-up was solely on the cashier's end. She offered no apology, no discount (even though the item I was charged for and given was a dollar more expensive than what I ordered) and simply said "is the white rice we already gave you okay?" when I inquired about the fried rice I'd ordered.
So on the service end, this place is lacking. I will continue going here for the buffet, but will surely never order carryout from here again.笑
i have been many buffets different states . cuz i am driving a lot  and i like to eat good food . 
what can i say about this buffet ? its a little expensive then others . we paid 13$each except drinks .but the food is really good . so i don't regret . i think this is the best buffet i ever been . we had good time here . so clean inside !!!  customer service is good . the asian guy who served us was very polite. 5 star for this buffet . highly recommending .笑
Food was ok kinda mediocre lackluster but I was hungry and visiting a new area you have to make do with what's available ok here we go the veggie fried rice was delish as well as The sautéed mushrooms and veggie low mein everything else was stale or just plain ol not appetizing the waitress we were assigned to was great she had a nice sense of humor and had a great spirit if I ever return to the area I might go back here笑
Had lunch here today. First time. Pretty darn good. Large selection of the usual buffet items. All seemed fresh. Nothing looked like it had been sitting there long. Enjoyed it and will come back.笑
There are a lot of choices in the buffet from Chinese and Japanese food to American food. The taste though, is just plain not good. The food was either too dry, burnt, or to greasy. I will say though that there was plenty of fruit. I've never been to a Chinese restaurant with so much fruit. 

There is plenty of seafood, not that good in taste our quality, but a vast selection. Seems like for a Chinese restaurant, there are mostly Hispanics working there, that might be the reason for the poor quality and taste. 

The desert selection is almost nonexistent except for the ice cream options, which are self-serve, but so difficult to access that its not even worth trying.

The hostesses are lazy, they rarely moved from the drink area, there was one male host that actually did bring water and was pleasant. 

13.00 for food that is not good. I would not recommend this place to anyone.笑
Huge buffet great selection, they do a lot of volume so turnover is high and food stays fresh.  Could have better sushi selection.  Mongolian grill also to get a custom plate.  For a buffet, it's excellent.笑
Wish I had seen the Health Dept. score before I ate here. There is no reason for a restaurant to have a 92. The food was cold, almost like the hot tables were not working. Somebody should tell them to put Garlic in the green beans. One of our group had them warm her food up on the grill. 
The servers were great...they got the star from me. Well, excuse me, I have to go back to the bathroom for the third time since I have been home. Never eating there again, heck with how pretty the place is inside!笑
At $12.99 a person for dinner (on a week night), it's a little pricey. BUT they had blue crabs, clams in black bean sauce, steam flounder, sushi, salt & pepper shrimps (with heads), crawfish, noodle station and other food items that can make this worths the money. 

I normally come here with my parents. My mom always has $1 off per person coupon with her (it's out there, not sure which neighborhood coupon booklet). 

The service is... well, it's a chinese buffet so there's not much of a service to speak of. On the plus side, my water glass was never empty. 

Overall food is ok and in good supply (I HATE all-you-can-eat places where they're stingy with bringing out hot food). Not a bad option in the area.笑
Such a nice buffet.  Really one of the few that really does have way more than you would expect.  Good sushi and hibachi experience for sure.  But the most unique feature to me was the soup bar and the desserts.  Mostly the soup.  You still have your typical soup section you normally see in Oriental buffets.  However, here you also have a specialty soup section with a cook who will pull ingredients out of containers and noodles that are cooking on strainers in water that he puts fresh in a bowl together.  Unfortunately, the special of the day, a duck-based soup, was completely eaten up by the time I came in, but there was a nice selection of options to choose from including whether I wanted it spicy or not.  It's a nice addition to the usual buffet selections that fits really well with the typical hibachi you find at some of the nicer buffets where you bring them fresh ingredients and they cook it on the grill for you while you wait.  Also the sushi was very flavorful, good quality "buffet sushi".  The fact that when I went they had more elaborate deserts like apple cobbler, which you don't typically find at most Asian buffets really means they might have a shot to appeal to a more wide variety of...your picky relatives.  You know the ones.笑
After reading the reviews here you would think restaurants were based off selection and not food quality.  This is a typical chinese buffet/mongolian grill with sushi selections.  Lots of variety and all of it is pretty terrible. Many dishes were luke warm, sushi was gummy, tables were close together and clientele was very low end with lots of kids running around.  
If anyone tries to tell you the food is good then just go and try the general tsos chicken.  Go ahead, cut it up.  How much meat is in there and how much of that meat is white?  

You are NUTS if you aren't going to Fuse Buffett instead....but if you have kids you are going to let loose then stay at china buffet!笑
For a Chinese buffet this was pretty good. Lots of choices, good flavors, decent sushi. There is a hibachi too with different ways of cooking ingredients (that you get to pick yourself).笑
Great variety of food and the restaurant is beautiful.  Lots of seating and good service. A++笑
I have trouble passing up Chinese buffets, so when it was lunchtime and I had an hour until I needed to pick up my wife from her nearby dental appointment, I headed here!

Not too busy on a weekday at 11:45, there were plenty of tables. The food on the steam tables appeared pretty fresh (or at least as fresh as it can be in this situation). Pretty solid for straight carbs with noodles and rice dishes, the usual protein heavy trays were a bit lacking. You could probably do better if you wanted to do the hibachi where you can put in as much meat or chicken as you like. But where China Buffet seems to excel is over at the sushi section. A very good selection and not just the boring ones. There was mackerel. And more. Hey, I took a pic.

Service was good. My waiter was back and forth often to refill my water glass (you should really drink a lot of water at a Chinese buffet).

I liked it. I'll try and be back!笑
This is best Chinese buffet in Charlotte,  the food is delicious, especially the sushi.笑
Everything I put on my plate was simply delicious.   The service was impeccable.  It was a Sunday and they were slammed packed.笑
This is my 2nd time. The first time was lunch..it was very so so. This time I was thinking I will give it another try. I did the dinner buffet. It was ok for the price; but somehow all seafood & meat don't taste very fresh. I did like the stir fried green beans & the rice noodles. Actually most of the veggie is good, fresh & tasty. Other than that, not so much. I wish they would charge more so that they can give us more quality stuff. Won't go back there anytime soon !!笑
Decent food... Nothing extraordinary from a typical chinese buffet. The food is ok... nothing to write home about. Service is excellent. The decor is really nice. But it comes down to the food which is sup par.笑
Disgusting! Bland, fake meats. Would never recommend. I'm not even going to waste another second on this place.笑
I have been to many Chinese restaurants in my life and this was by far the worst. I do not even care about the high price for lunch ($9). What I do care about is the fact that everything I ate (no seafood) was horrible. It all tasted funny and had a strange after taste. I was not alone, so it was not just me.笑
When you first walk into the copper entry doors you feel like you are at a very expensive, snooty restaurant, but thats actually not the case. Very modern and flashy, the interior soothes the eyes, as the great food soothes your pallet. Modestly priced at $10-11 per person for adults, there is an ample selection of hot, fresh food, as well as a Mongolian style buffet where you add ingredients for the chef to make you teriyaki, hibachi or garlic dishes while you watch. My family loves the vast selection of beef, chicken, fish and seafood dishes that align the 10 or so buffet servers. Hot food is brought out constantly, even when attendance is lacking. Our new favorite asian buffet!笑
It's good, but not great. Definitely not a cheap meal, if you splurge and order a tea or soft drink, you are looking at $12 for lunch. 

The hibachi is popular, I didn't see many lining up for sushi. The buffet is a different story. I like the way the tables are laid out, even when they are crowded, there is enough room to walk around the tables. 

So what's good? If you like chicken, the fajita is really good. The fried wings are good too, the drumettes are meaty and tasty. The s&p calamari is good if you get them fresh from the kitchen. I don't eat rice, but they have several to choose from. The selection on the weekend was different than what I saw on a weekday, and the meal was $2 more on Saturday. Otherwise, looked like the standard Chinese buffet offerings. If you can pack the food away (not in a doggy bag lol), probably a good choice if you are in the University area.笑
China Buffet is a new Chinese buffet restaurant (duh) in the University area.  For me, it fills a void that was left when Chen's Bistro buffet closed a few months ago in the same general vicinity.  Despite the uninspiring restaurant name, the interior of China Buffet is much nicer than most Chinese buffets.  Most amazing are the entrance with its huge copper doors (which could rival PF Chang's entrances) and host stand area with the oval blue sky and twinkling lights on the ceiling. 

There are about 10-12 bars of hot and cold foods, plus a Mongolian BBQ area where a chef will cook up your selected meats, veggies, etc. fresh for you, a sushi bar, and a dessert bar with pastries and ice cream.  The food is all good, but nothing really stands out as truly exceptional.  For true sushi eaters, the sushi is just "meh."  It's all very filling, though.  There are a lot of foods here for kids and other picky eaters, too.  The prices are very reasonable -- $8 for lunch and about $10 for dinner.  

The buffet area and dining room are all very clean, although the dining room could use a few more separating walls for ambiance.  The decor is all really nice, though, and you can tell that they put a lot of money into the restaurant.  

We'll definitely be going back occasionally on those really hungry lunch days.笑
Another buffet option for the University Area.  They did a lot of cosmetic changes to the building structure (used to be a Cajun/Mardi Gras Place?) but it definitely has its share of finishes - really heavy looking copper doors and asian-esq statues flanking the doors.  We were seated pretty quickly and there was a pretty good lunch crowd already.  The place can accommodate a lot of people (parking... not so much... but there are signs for additional parking in the back).

Waitstaff was friendly and prompt with drink refills.  There is a good selection of food ranging from chicken nuggets, fries, to a full on hibachi grill were the food is cooked to order.   Sushi is also available, but I was a little disappointed since it looked like the sushi had been sitting out for a while...  I know it's hard to do a sushi buffet, but some of the rolls looked a little questionable and I stayed away for fear of later issues in my work day.

I was surprised at the price of the buffet 7.99 - so the price does seem right for what you get.  Would I come back... probably... but I can't really do buffets since I feel so miserable afterwards.

My favorite thing in there was the emergency exit door with the sign, "EMERGENCY EXIT - ALARM WILL BE SOUND"....  so we know the alarm will sound, or the alarm is good to go?  It gave me a little chuckle.笑
It was an accidental find on the google search and I was at lunch buffet this morning (Saturday) and it was awesome! Not sure how they can provide that many items for only $11.99 and make any money.

I liked every item tasted except Sushi, but no complaints as it was a buffet quality!! Next time, I will take my office friends next time, hope they like it as well.

For such an amazing buffet, i would suggest them to raise the price to $13.99.  Thanks!笑
Beautiful interior.  Really beautiful.  My kids were fascinated by the cork carvings within the glass dividers, and the statues at the entrance.  There was a fair selection, but my favorite was the hibachi.  I am not a big fan of buffets at all, but to me the hibachi makes all the difference.  You get the benefit of selecting exactly what you want, and also don't have your food sitting around in a steam tray.  They did seem to be regularly refilled, though, so I don't think that they were sitting around TOO long.  I'd return.笑
China Buffett offers a nice selection of Asian and americanized cuisine.  The sushi was fresh and creatively presented.  The buffet was well maintained and constantly replenished.  Loved the salt and pepper blue crab  and prawn.  They also offer hibachi grill, which is included in the price of the buffet.

The decor is very upscale for a buffet and the staff very friendly and attentive. 

I would definitely return for another meal.笑
China Buffet is a gorgeously appointed restaurant; almost too nice to be a buffet. I really wanted to take home the dining chairs. The Dining area was a bit to brightly lit for my tastes.
The buffet itself is huge and so typical of the generic American/Chinese buffet standards. My initial reaction was that there was nothing I wanted to eat. Tons of American junk food, sushi made with surimi, basic Chinese dishes you see everywhere. A salad bar with some great looking mixed greens but nothing but pickles to put on it.  The usual Hibachi grill. Upon further investigation I found some steamed clams with a nice gingery sauce that was worth eating. Then I discovered the baby octopus! They look like little tiny - oh never mind - and were cooked with jalapenos. Tender and spicy, one of the best dishes I've ever had on a Chinese buffet. I ate the whole vat.
Would definitely come back for the baby octopus, but with my luck they wouldn't have it that day.笑
Food is good. The staff is very diligent. Recommended if you are looking for a good buffet.笑
The place is just beautiful and elegant. The food was so delicious. You pick your meat, vegetables, noodles etc.. take it up to the man at the hibachi grill and get it cooked with a sauce of your choice. I got steak, mixed vegetables, noodles and vegetable fried rice and had all cooked in soy sauce. I would highly recommend visiting this restaurant. The staff was really helpful, kind, and I received prompt service.笑
The food is just what you would expect from a place called China Buffet. Being that it is right in the university area, there are crowds of people that just want a cheap meal, which isn't really that cheap. This makes the atmosphere very busy and loud. The food is ok, but nothing really special and is definitely not a step above other Chinese buffets. I only give it two stars because our waitress was actually really nice and refilled our drinks very promptly. But if you are looking for good quality food, just go ahead and skip this one.笑
My parents dragged me here for lunch after our trip to Ikea. I really hate buffets so I didn't expect much at all. And I was right. This place was terrible. The majority of the food here is defrosted. I don't get why anyone would want to eat here. For $13 per person, you can order about 2 dishes for a lunch special at a much better and cleaner Chinese restaurant that's not a buffet.笑
Went there for lunch.  Great food selection for lunch.  Included Hibachi and sushi.  $9 for lunch is a bargain.  Service was attentive and fast.  The Hibachi grill, while a little slow, had much to offer.  Place could use a better desert selection but for $9 you really can't complain.笑
Same owner of the China Buffet in Pineville off of Lee Street. They had really outdone themselves with the one in the University area. The interior and exterior design of this place is nice and inviting. They have a better selection here and offers a hibachis grill station. 

I do however feel that this place does not offer the same quality sushi as they do in Pineville, but they do however offer a BIGGER dish variety selection compare to the one in Pineville. All in all its a good place to eat at when you are in the mood for Chinese buffet.笑
Food was good.....until we found hair in the peach cobbler. They felt $4 was ample compensation?笑
Running errands on Sunday and the significant other spotted this place from the road so off we went. We had not been to a Chinese buffet since moving to Charlotte and thought it was time to give it a go.

The place itself is pretty big but they have the tables in a congested area. They were pretty busy on our visit and constantly putting out freshly cooked food.

The variety of food for what we paid was good. They offered an ample amount of seafood options as well as chicken and beef.

For our Sunday visit, we paid $12.99 for adult and $4.99 for our child. Then additional charge of $1.69 per drink. 

Also on our visit, they sure did have the heater on. Make you nice and hot so you don't stay so long. lol.

Food overall was okay. Not bad, not great - mediocre Americanized Chinese eats.笑
Went here last night for dinner. The food was flavorless. The "hibachi" bar had raw meat sitting out. Very expensive for low quality food.笑
Love this place. Awesome service everytime I go. Lots of things on the menu even sushi. Fresh food.笑
Everything was fresh...lots of variety -- buffet, sushi and hibachi. Will definitely be back!笑
CHINA BUFFET
Never in my life would I have imagined I would eat a chinese buffet in Charlotte, North Carolina, but here I am, visiting (future) family that really only likes to eat Asian food. How does China Buffet compare to other Chinese buffets in CA? Honestly, it wasn't too bad. Decor-wise, it trumps anything in CA: the decorations are spectacular, as the entire establishment is adorned with giant Chinese wood-cuttings, banners, and paintings. Even the table tops are Chinese paintings! Food-wise, it's comparable to those in CA. The salt/pepper frog legs were the clear winners, as the batter wasn't too fried, and it just salty enough. There were many octopus entrees and fish to eat, which is pretty cool. They even have a hibachi bar, where you choose your own toppings and they stir-fry it for you. As for noodle soups, choose from Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, or Japanese-style. Better yet, they give you scallops in your noodle dishes! Desserts: just stick to the ice cream. Everything else is so-so. Seems like a popular spot for birthday parties, as we could hear many celebrations during dinner. Chinese buffets in North Carolina? It's passable. Nothing crazy, but not as bad as I would have expected...笑
Solid high 3.  

I would have given it a 4 had the Sushi chef been remotely friendly or even smiled.  Hell no!  It would have broken his face to smile.

Sushi 

I have been there twice for lunch.  The lunch has a great variety of the standard sushi rolls and nigiri.  It was all tasty and fresh.   No complaints!

Chinese Buffett

Standard stuff on bar.  All very fresh and tasty

Hibachi Grill

Great selection of chicken, fish, shrimp, steak.  Looked great!

The place was full both times, which ensures the food is rotated and you will always get fresh food.  Overall, two great experiences!笑
Not worth it. Food is mediocre at best (2 stars) and has gotten progressively worse. During my last visit after three half-filled plates (not even close to being filled up) I was served the bill as a sign of 'you have eaten enough and we want you to go'. No goodbye on your way out (four visits, not one goodbye). 

Time to say goodbye to China Buffet and seek out an alternative.笑
The only reason I added an extra star was because our waiter was great. The food was okay, there was definitely a great selection. Everything was super greasy and I found a hair in my spring roll. I would go back if it was maybe my only option for the area but the hair definitely made me lose my appetite really fast.笑
If you like  noodle soup then China Buffet is the place to go. You can go up at the hibachi and tell them to make you noodle soup. My folks and I love the udon noodle soup. It has alot of flavor. The noodle is included in the buffet price. The sushi is okay depending on the days you go. If you are a sushi lover then go to Fuse Buffet. I love the crab ragoon  because the way it is made. It is not flat crab ragoon. The servers are very nice and they refill your drinks quickly. If you love Pho then you will love the noodle soup they make at the Hibachi.笑
We went here for a late lunch (around 3) and barely anyone was there. But the food was hot and everything was full.

It's a little pricey for a buffet ($9 for lunch, $13 for dinner) but they have a huge selection, including hibachi. Their sushi is spot on, too. Personally I was surprised by their fruit. Not only was there a lot of the normal fruit (pineapple, watermelon, cantaloupe), it was extra ripe. Expertly picked. I couldn't get enough

They also had sautéed bok choy, which I'm a huge fan of. Everything was well cooked and the selection was huge. Needless to say this is now our regular lunch buffet stop.笑
Huge buffet... So many choices... Great variety of sea food ....beautiful interior ... Friendly staff笑
First off, the decor to this establishment is stunning. The wait staff did their job well, filling up drinks and removing plates from the table. The buffet features your standard food found in other Chinese buffets, chicken and beef dishes, a salad and desert bar, rice dishes, noodles, and sushi. There is even a Hibachi grill where you can have your food cooked to order. The buffet features American dishes such as pizza and macaroni and cheese as well. The food ranges from mediocre to decent. Some of the food I actually enjoyed, however some of the chicken dishes were bland and rubbery, probably due to being frozen. Another complaint is the choice of music, the restaurant plays modern radio music as we dined. I do not want to listen to Justin Bieber or Rap/Hip hop while I am eating. I suggest a more classical approach, or Chinese music, fitting of a CHINESE restaurant as it is more calming. Overall, this is one of the better Chinese buffets out there and for around $10 per person, you can fill up your stomach with passable food.笑
One star. Only because that's as low as I can give. 
Hibachi bar was out of steak. And when it finally got grilled, the chicken was half cooked. The buffet bar was dirty and probably about half of the dishes were empty. What was there was cold. 
No refills on drinks. 
I left this place hungrier than I was when I walked in. 
I will not be returning here and I do not recommend it to anyone. 
There's a clean McDonald's across the street.笑
For a weekday dinner buffet at $10.99, I'd say you can't beat that! I'm a sucker for a good buffet once in a while, and although you definitely get what you pay for here, the place isn't too bad! You have your usual American/Chinese cuisine, but I was disappointed they didn't have oysters. The only thing worth negative mentioning is that they need cleaning staff (both on the buffet floor and restrooms) attending at all times. It gets a little dirty and messy FAST, and quick cleanliness in this type of business is extremely important.  All in all, if you're craving buffet food, I'd definitely give this place a shot!笑
I give this five stars because of the cleanliness and selection.... Lots of food and it was all fresh and delicious. Compared to other Chinese buffets this is definitely one of the better ones.... I recommend it... Staff was friendly as well so all around good choice笑
This restaurant was a delightful surprise!  Our small group of weary travelers loved everything about it- from the beautiful decor to the unbelievable array of delicious buffet foods (shrimp, crab, fish, pork, beef and chicken fixed in countless ways) As if there wasn't enough choices, you can pick out the raw ingredients and have them hibachi stir-fry it right in front of you.  My son and I loved the very fresh fruits, sushi and scads of fresh ice cream choices as well as other sumptuous deserts.  I've eaten at a number of Chinese buffets and this one far surpasses anything I've ever eaten.  Even the picky grandkids were on board! Too bad we live so far away!笑
Four stars. But, they're buffet stars, okay? If you're up for Chinese buffet, this is a good call. If you're looking for a nice sit down dinner, keep looking. 

We're staying at the hotel across the street and didn't relish getting in the car again, so we walked over. Happy we did. 

Again, four buffet stars. Three would be fine average buffet. No frills. 

Here are the frills that earned an extra star. 

Noodle soup station. Pick your noodle style, pick your ingredients, pick your broth. Not the best I've ever had (no duck broth) but good variety of meat and seafood and the fresh herbs really make you forget you're at a buffet. 

There were hibachi (pick your ingredients and they cook it up) and sushi stations, but I didn't try them. 

Variety. All the normal dishes, a bunch of American dishes (for kids, I guess) and then variety. A few dim sum items; some more soup, and then seafood.  My son had his first octopus, crayfish, and frog legs. 

Like the restaurant on the moon, no atmosphere. It's a Sunday night and more loud kids than a Chuck E Cheese.  Not their fault, so no star deduction; but fair warning Yelpers, it won't be restful.笑
Fun atmosphere and decorations. The atmosphere is typical mainland china style. Kind of garish and over the top and showy. Nothing understated here. But it is a change of pace from the typical generic styling you usually see. The name in chinese is not actually china buffet but rather summer palace which refers to an historic site north of beijing which is not necessarily a proud moment in chinese history but historic and a fabulous place to visit and on most tourist's list when in that area. The real summer palace is the definition of over the top. Anyways on to the food itself. The food is decent, you will most likely find at least 2-3 things that will satisfy you when you visit as they have a wide range of dishes. I will point out the highlights. First off, the hibachi grill is good, always, always get that first and they have scallops. The soup is another decent item. The rolls here are not worth much in my book and i always pass them up. The steamed fish is very good. One very unique item here is the frogs legs. How many chinese buffets serve frogs legs every day? In my opinion, this is not the best chinese buffet in the area but it has the most variety and noisy typical "chinese" atmosphere. Which is a good thing when you are in the mood, if not you may find it too noisy which I sometimes do. I do enjoy coming here for lunch and sometimes dinner.笑
Really don't understand why buffet here always mix Chinese and Japanese food together. It has a Chinese name but wth are those "hibachi" and "sushi" words, it's Japanese not chinese! k about the food, generally neither good nor bad, no big difference from Tokyo Grill or Ichiban, but the Hibachi is special and I think would be good. More expensive than Tokyo for lunch, and dunno whether a student card can get a discount笑
As mentioned by others, this place is on the pricey side - $9.00 for lunch.  And, for what you get, it is definitely overpriced.  Compared to other buffets around town, this one is just slightly below them - again, the price is a bit steep in comparison.  As for the food, there is a rather large selection.  However, the food was kind of bland.  I am not sure which item caused it, but I had an odd metallic taste in my mouth afterwards.  I would recommend looking elsewhere.  If you want sushi for about the same price but at a better value, try Ru San's in Charlotte.笑
The place looks nice and that's where the good comments end.  Lots of choices but they all are really just plain bad.  Hot and sour soup, wierd taste.  Anything seafood, really fishy.  Even the deep fried chicken wings are off.  How do you screw that up?   My first and last visit.