The pizza and pasta were great, you can definitely taste the difference in their dough, it's outstanding! It's a great place to eat with exceptional service. You will not be disappointed!笑
Simply. I love it. The new management did excellent job. The food is still the best and the customer service is perfect now. Thank you for the great food and service keep it up.笑
While at work decided on delivery instead of food available onsite.  BRemembered having their pizza along time ago and it was great.  So ordered bacon burger and fries.   Delivery was on time and courtious.  The burger was hot cooked properly and yummy.  Fries were also yummy.   Recommend all give Verdi a shot笑
The chicken wings, subs, salads and pizzas are fabulous,the rest of the stuff I haven't tried yet. I usually eat there on my lunch. The inside is way different now, it looks more people friendly and relaxing with the t.v.'s. I just wish I could find that man that works there on the menu cause he sure looks delicious.笑
Delivery guy is a REALLY rude, we ordered food at 940 and at 1040 he calls and tells us he's lost and he has the wrong address.. we resent the right address because the "my location" function gave him an address 3/4 minutes away and he was like "seriously?" So he finally gets here 20 minutes later and was like "just so we're on the same page this isn't the address you sent me?" And we were like yes we know we sent you "my location" but it wasn't right for some reason he's like "ughhhhhh, ridiculous" other than the delivery driver the food was pretty good.笑
I would like this place a lot more if they didn't take 2 hours to deliver when I live literally 5 mins from the store.笑
Delivery: 45 minutes late, no call. 
Food: Cold, poor quality. 

Bacon cheeseburger : bland, bacon undercooked. A dollar extra for 6 small onion rings, also cold. It came with a pickle wrapped in a plastic bag that somehow managed to be warmer than the burger and onion rings. Impressive. 

Cheese quesadilla: Lukewarm, tiny, lacking in cheese. 

Garlic knots: doughy bread lumps covered in oil. Distinct lack of garlic or seasoning of any kind. 

Can of soda: Kind of warm, but still the best thing I got from this place. 

Seriously, don't bother with this place.笑
I had late lunch with my daughter and nephews.  We had pizza, fries and I had to try the chicken fajita and I have to say everything was delicious, especially the pizza dough and there fries is one of the best fries I've had.  We dined in and service was awesome, staff was very friendly...笑
Im keep getting amazed by their food. Love the calzones. I recommend all who wants to try New York style. Try this place out.笑
I order a black n chicken salad and  as I'm eating I see something moving in my salad. I look and there is a bug that's still alive in it. I'm super disgusted and disappointed. I will not be ordering again from this place. If there's bugs in the salad there's probably roaches and some other shit in the rest of the food. Gross and I hope they give me my money back because this is just NASTY!!!!笑
I just discovered for me another nice place to have lunch. Very nice place, excellent service, delicious food! Definitely five star!笑
Love this place, food is legit and the people are super chill! Love the way the huge burgers taste!笑
Great service and great food!!! They took care of us for a company party and everything was perfect!
Plethora of options for specialty pizzas, wings and fries & salads.笑
Delicious food and great service! Looks like they've had new management take over and you can really tell the difference. Very close to UNLV... Great place to have lunch in between classes!笑
Amazing food as always. The BBQ chicken pizza is great and the basic cheese pizza is perfectly done. Great customer service like usual. Definitely a place to grab quick good food.笑
Got pizza delivered and pizza was cold and I had asked for mild wings and got just wings笑
We had the Boyd sandwich and a philly large. Both we very good. Definitely will be back again.笑
Are you kidding me I ordered this burger medium, no tomato. What I got was no onion, no cheese and 1/2 of a piece of bacon? So i called to tell them...and the guy on the phone argued with me? Telling I specifically put together that burger. Fine I am about to take a pic of this burger and post it all over social media!笑
I would give it a 1 star if it wasn't for the food. We came in to give this place a try during lunch and noticed that we were the only ones there. The lady up front didn't say a word to us, no greeting or anything. She seemed kind of angry. We ordered pasta and a sub, but we ended up waiting 50 minutes for our food! Should've just went to the Thai place next door.笑
The best pizzas in town! Every ingredient was fresh and baked to perfection. Besides Cafe Verdi's  delicious food, their service was outstanding. I am very pleased with my experience and will revisit soon. Highly recommend!笑
Pretty cool that they're now open 24 hours. Very convenient that they deliver to all areas of vegas (including my area of east lv that doesn't always get serviced via delivery). I've ordered from them many times, usually only getting the same things though, the philly cheesecake and fries with extra fries on the side which is pretty tasty. Sometimes they're late lol but it's okay, my fries are usually always fresh (although I've heard many others complain about soggy fries).笑
Great pizza!  Good service.  Kids loved it and very affordable.  We had delivered to us while staying in casino hotel.  Crossed wires and somehow we missed delivery?  
But the delivery guy was great to us. 
I would order again but pick up this time.笑
I recommend this place its a very good place they have very delicious food. Me and my wife loved this place the costumer service was really nice everything was awesome. We loved it.笑
Almost two hours after I ordered, I called to check what was taking so long since I had been quoted 45-50 minutes. She said it would still be at least 15-20 minutes! It's now 1:15 am and I'll be going to bed hungry because I don't want to be up any longer. The lady on the phone is very rude too. No help at all. Pick anywhere else. You'll be thankful you did.笑
i love this place! i come all the time with my family.The monster burger is just fricking awesome!salads are made fresh and the pizza are the best!they have the very friendliest staff i ever met"Thumbs up!; ')笑
So I ordered a meal from here. They told me 45-50 min till delivery. I waited for an hour and 20 minutes and still no food. Wait time was too long笑
For some reason I just really wanted some pancakes for lunch! so i ordered from here because its one of the only places that delivers them? I saw they were 7 dollars so i figured I was in for some bad ass pancakes. Boy was I dissapointed....

delivery took a long time. the onion rings were soggy rather than crispy. The pancakes cost 7 bucks and they give you 5 mini pan cakes that are very thin. I am not impressed @ all. I mean I could have gotten same or better quality from mcdonalds and paid a lot less..... ....

I got a sandwhich with the pancakes. After eating some of the food I can not recommend this place. The pancakes are small, poorly prepared, overcooked I ate part of one and threw the rest away.... the au jus that came with the sandwich was super super super salty like unbelievable salty.

Waste of my money. 

Not happy.

..... lol...... meh eek methinks not!笑
fast delivery and good food. The monster burger is so worth it! I probably wont buy the chicken wings again but everything else will probably be purchased in the future.笑
Heard Cafe Verdi just changed owners so i had to stop by and try it out. The place has been remodeled cleaned changed around. The food was amazing. I had the chicken fajita with frys and a slice of pizza and it was great. The employees were very nice and the prices were very reasonable. Will be coming back again.笑
The woman at the register was rude. There is no sign indicating they charge a $1 to use a card. I wasn't notified of that until I asked why the charge was more than my order. Their sign also says they take American Express...they don't. I got a salad, so it's tough to mess that up. It tasted fine, nothing spectacular, but they did a design with the meat and cheese. I guess that gets them one of the stars.笑
First time using this company and took forever to get here , then the delivery guy was all rude about not getting a tip. He were going to tip him but he gave us a additude and told us it was 13 dollares, and Even WORST THEY FORGOT MY FRIES!!!!!! Paid 30 dollares and didnt get what i wanted  FIRST AND LAST TIME USING THIS PLACE笑
I was having a hard time finding a place to deliver us a pizza at 3am, i came across this place, first i was hesitant to order( because of low reviews) but honestly i got my food in 40 minutes and it was great....笑
Absolutely terrible food AND service. I don't really like to do negative reviews, but this place is seriously not what I was hoping for. My Philly was the worst and I would never go here again. Steer clear, unless you have a lot more gumption than I do! Cheers :D笑
So far I have no food. But customer service sucks! Ok so now that I've eaten, this was the best idea my fiancé ever had. It was delicious and so much of it!笑
I ordered my food at 2am. It arrived at 4:30am. Est time of deliver was 45 minutes. Pretty upset because I pre tipped otherwise I would have just closed the door.笑
I really enjoy their wings and runnin blt. They are very quick. Mind you on holidays they will be busy because they are one of the few restaurants that are 24/7. They work hard and fast, so on those days just be patient!笑
After a long night of being out I decided to try this restaurant for the delivery services. It was 3am when I ordered & they told me it would take 45 mins. It actually took about a hour and half & I was almost ready to cancel my order. I give it a 3 stars strictly based on time. The food was delicious!!!笑
This place is friggen bomb, they have great pick up specials, and just great food plus they're willing to deliver pretty much anywhere in Vegas!!! As much as people complain about the delivery "taking too long/The meal was cold" I can honestly say after a shizzznapple of delivery orders ordered NOT ONCE was it that!!!!! There dough, & there ingredients, basically everything is on point... Not to mention the wings... if you want great ass-tonishing food call Cafe Verdi, Grosse Pointe Blank PERIOD!!!!!笑
We were left on hold for 35 minutes just to be told orders over $50 couldn't be placed on the phone. Then we were literally laughed at when we expressed our frustration.笑
I never review a restaurant based on one try... I always wait a few times to discover inconsistencies before I review. These folks are consistently good quality and friendly. 

Bacon Cheeseburger: Best one I've ever had delivered from any restaurant. It was delicious! Gourmet fresh sesame bun, huge, juicy, cheeseburger patty, fresh garnishes. Yummmm hit the spot. 

Fries: still hot and crunchy when they arrived. Amazing. 

Eclair: Delicious

Cheese Pizza: Tasty. Good crust. 

Chef Salad: generous fresh portions. BUT, Had to cut it up before I could eat it. Awkward with plastic utensils. 

Chicken Strips: Had no idea they were in Buffalo sauce. Thought they were just fried chicken strips. No idea if they were good or not because I don't eat buffalo anything.  but they looked good... ( I took one star away for the chicken strips.)

They are courteous and their food is always hot and good quality! That goes a long way! Plus, they deliver things other than pizza! BRAVO!笑
Tried to place an order on yelp and it didn't go through so I figured I would call the restaurant and I spoke to the manager Rachel who proceeded to argue with me for five minutes over whether or not I had put my credit card in to the order. No matter how many times I explain that the order wasn't completed she didn't seem to understand, or more accurately didn't want to understand. I will be calling the place to speak to the owner in the morning to let them know that they missed out an order because instead of simply taking my order I got five minutes of attitude from Rachel