I love Jimmie John's!!! Every time I walk in the door I am greeted with smiling, friendly faces. The service is always fast- never sloppy. I am not a huge bread fan, so I come here for the unwhich (no bread). My Fiancé loves the Italian nightclub (with bread). If you are a sandwich lover I suggest you Run, don't walk to Jimmie Johns :-)笑
This Jimmy John's was an oasis in a series of blocks of generic fast food places. I told my friend to make a crazy turn as soon as I saw it.  We ran inside, and I know this sounds silly, but the people who work here were really so nice. I didn't feel like it was cheesy or corporate or whatever. The sandwich, a #5, was impeccably made and delicious!笑
Jimmy John's has pretty good sandwiches, but nothing to write home about.  Their sandwiches are large though and the double meat ones will keep you full all day long.  They are super fast and super friendly, but c'mon, NO HONEY MUSTARD???  I know that's a petty thing, but I really need some honey mustard on my sandwiches.  They're chip selection is pretty meh as well.笑
Jimmy John's is an OK sandwich shop. It's not like other chains where you go down the line and pick your toppings, so I think that helps with the speediness of receiving your order. I had a hard time finding this place because the store front does not face the parking lot so be advised of this. 

When I finally made it in, I was quickly greeted by a friendly cashier who proceeded to take my order. I told her I wanted the Gargantuan sandwich and then made it a combo by adding a drink. Jimmy John's gives you your choice of a cookie, chips or a drink to make your meal into a combo. By the time I was done paying, my sandwich was already ready. Talk about fast service! The Gargantuan is a HUGE sandwich, hence the name. They take their homemade french bun and pile it high with genoa salami, smoked ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey and provolone cheese. Then they add lettuce, tomato, onions, mayo and Italian dressing. I found my sandwich to be a bit dry. They need to add more mayo and more dressing, especially on a large sandwich that has so many items. The sandwich is super filling and I almost packaged up half of it for later, but I decided to go full glutton and eat the whole thing. Oh yes I did.

Yelp 2015 Review #12笑
Underrated. Jimmy John's is a winner. I've had two subs here - the Vito (Italian sub topped with genoa salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce, tomato & Italian vinaigrette) and the Totally Tuna. Both sandwiches feature above-average toppings including vegetables that smell and taste fresh, not like the typical bagged produce flavor that defines places like Subway.

The bread is noteworthy - it's hard and crusty on the outside but with a nice soft crumb inside. It's similar to the bread used at Jersey Mike's, only without the corn meal dusting.

Best of all, a filling 8" sub (yes, I just typed those words) is only $4.75.

Good lunch option when you want something basic and cheap.笑
Friendly service and fast, delicious sandwiches.  Jimmy John's is the standard by which I judge all other sandwich shops.

The Country Club ranks high on my list but I've never had anything there I didn't love.  They really do a great job.

While a lot of other sandwich shops try to give you what you want with a build your own sandwich setup, or piles of meat, Jimmy John's gives you the sandwich you should have ordered. :-P

Top it off with a fun environment that makes it enjoyable to stay and eat and this gets my full five star endorsement.  It beats every other shop in town in at least one or two aspects.

Damn.  Now I'm hungry!笑
One of the best sandwhich shops in Vegas. 

This place is clean, fast and great. 

The bread is almost like a french baguette in texture, crispy on the outside but instead of light in the inside it has a chewy texture like a togo's sandwhich. 

Ingredients are fresh and the balance of mayo, cheese, meat is perfect. 

Im a fan!笑
Great sandwiches and FAST service! They're done before you finish paying. 

I've had the #12 Beach Club a couple of time and it really hits the spot. The only think a bit lacking is the potato chips selection. They have 3-4 choices.笑
This is only the second time I have eaten at this place, it was OK. I always here how great this place is but my thoughts r this...... The bread was kinda hard. I was think fresh bread would mean softer bread. But the sandwich was OK, I'll go back for sure, maybe we will see. 
The chips were my favorite so good.
I called in my order ahead of time thinking that is would be busy at 11:30, nope not busy at all but r noon when we were getting ready to leave that is when the people started rolling in. Got my food ready and sat down to eat.笑
I would vote lower but this was a first time experience for me at this jimmy johns.  Normally my order is right and theres no problems. Today i had a problem i ordered a number 8 with no mustard no tomato or lettuce.  Just mayo meat and cheese when the girl who handed out the sandwich told me that i got a number 8 with extra lettuce i said "no i asked for no lettuce tomato or mustard" she said that thatsbwhats on the ticket. I responded again that i didnt order it this way so she offered to take the lettuce off for me, i think hey shes gonna use a knife or something She decided to use her fingers for some odd reason (they were gloved) just looking at her do that put me off so i just calmly told her nevermind i wouldnt eat it anyways and left. I didnt ask for my money back, i didnt want it. I was too grossed out by her and her fingers in my sandwich like that. I go to the bartending school around the corner from this place and I really liked the place but this lady ruined it for me im never going back笑
Not freaky fast! Don't go there when they get big orders. They won't work your sandwich in between making a big order. Also they won't tell you upfront that you have to wait. After standing there for at least 5 min, I asked if it would be a long wait. She said, oh yeah, BIG order." I let her know we were in a hurry, my husband had to get to work and she just kept repeating that it was a big order and had attitude when we complained to the manager about why we wanted a refund and that they should work other customers in when you have big orders or at least communicate that it will be a long wait time. We ended up getting a refund and leaving.笑
The food is always good but I ordered a California sub & it was missing half of the ingredients. I pretty much ended up with a Turkey Tom with some avocado in it. No tomatoes, cucumbers and sprouts. Of course I didn't realize until I got back to my office & opened my sub to eat. :(笑
Methinks not is right! Some sort of catered party tray of sandwiches we got at our office, and one of the half sandwiches I got, which was small enough anyway, contained one very thin slice of meat.  Another one I tried contained a small amount of roast beef.  You'd expect extras of oil, vinegar, etc, but all we got were mostly mustard packets, and a only a few mayo packets for 35 plus half sandwiches.
Not sure where the gourmet part comes in, but it sure doesn't for their party platters!!!!  Incredibly disappointing.笑
As a long time fam of Jimmy John's I was excited to see a location right across from where I get my nails done. I couldn't wait to get my nails finished so that I could grab a sub to take home. Upon entry the great music hit my ears & I bobbed my head to the beat. The man behind the counter greeted me with a 'hey girl!' & I'm immediately offended. When I do business ANYWHERE I expect to be addressed in a more professional manner. I corrected the man by telling him I'm not 'girl' I'm 'ma'am' to which he became visably annoyed.  He immediately started with the silent treatment & even put my change on the counter instead of in my hand. RUDE. CHILDISH.

I ordered the Vito & asked for it minus the onions. The young lady who made the sandwich began to hand the sandwich to me & then pulled it back saying she needed to make it over. Since I was in a hurry to end this unpleasant encounter, I asked what the problem was & she said she had mistakenly put onions on it. I took the sandwich & told her that I would pick them off. Little did I know that the sandwich was MOSTLY onion, very little meat, no cheese, & no dressing making for a very dry & smelly lunch.

Before leaving the store, I asked if there was a phone number of a manager or owner. She told me that the unprofessional man who addressed me as 'girl' was the manager. How very sad that he is the example that people who work there follow, as he seems to think that being 'cool' is more important than securing repeat business by being professional & getting orders right.

I won't be back for more disrespect & dry bread & onion sandwiches no matter how convenient it is.

PS - I want to be clear that I am writing about the location at 5469 S Rainbow. Here in Las Vegas.笑
Still awesome.  I order delivery quite frequently. YUM笑
Good sandos. Nice they make the "Unwich" - sans bread. Good for the carbo avoidance crowd. Nice crew. Looks like good management. Value is there. It's on regular rotation.笑
I love Jimmy Johns, but not this location.  When I arrived a little after 5pm, there was one other customer in the restaurant. It took about 10 minutes to get my sub, and as you may know, that is a very long time for a Jimmy Johns. They also messed up my order and put so much mayo on the sub that the bottom of the bread was slathered. I won't be returning to this location. I recommend the one on Charleston Blvd.笑
The thing that took the longest for me to get my sandwich was deciding which sandwich I wanted! I opted for delivery since I can't leave work. Received the confirmation email and called the store to ask how long my sandwich delivery will take and the very nice girl said "I'll be there in less than ten minutes." My stomach grumbled in happiness knowing that food will soon be on its way. Literally 10 minutes after I received my confirmation email, I received my sandwich. I will definitely be ordering from you guys again.笑
GM refused to deliver to us even though they've done it before. I hate that kind of inconsistency.笑
I went to have lunch here for the 2nd time ever, my first experience was a great one we went to the one on Lake mead in old Henderson. The guy that took our order was quite pleasant,  he forgot to charge me for the salami I added so I had to pay 2x though,  and did not receive a receipt.  When I went to get my sandwich,  I was confused because I didn't know which one it was because I didn't have a receipt and didn't want to touch someone else's sandwich. The girls who made the sandwich were very rude and told me "this one is the salami one! " although my friend and I both added salami to our sandwiches  (one was hers one was mine). When I read the paper on the sandwich it said dijon mustard and I did not order dijon I ordered yellow mustard.  When I told the lady that I ordered yellow mustard not dijon she did nothing except tell me all we get is packets,  even though the menu clearly states yellow mustard.  She didn't even offer me mustard I had to sit down then go ask for mustard and all she gave me was 3. I had to have my friend go ask for me because I was scared to ask for more. They gave 2. One of the sandwich artists proceeded to come out to the lobby and get a drink,  look at me and laugh.  Shorter, younger girl with brown hair. My sandwich was not cut, and it's impossible to get napkins at this location with the caddy girls who apparently only know how to stare you down instead of actually offering you anything.  I am friends with the owner of Jimmy Johns in North town,  and I'm pretty certain Brian would not be happy to hear about my  experience I had here. I won't be back, atleast not at this location.笑
I like jimmy johns and people here are always friendly. But they never get my order right. I ask for cucumbers and sprouts with my turkey sandwich. They ALWAYS forget to put them in. It's always they forget to put the sprouts in or they forget to put the cucumbers in or both. Meh.. Never has this location got it right ever.笑
Had Jimmy John's for lunch today for a company lunch.  

Something about the bread and the mayonnaise that makes me want to just keep on eating.

I sampled the following delicious sandwiches:
#2 Big John - Roast beef, lettuce, tomato & mayo.
#3 Totally Tuna - Tuna, sprouts, cucumber, lettuce & tomato.
#4 Turkey Tom - Turkey breast, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, tomato & mayo.

These are very tasty , I especially LOVE alfalfa sprouts!  

The only down side is that even after eating lunch, I still feel hungry. :(  I've had Jimmy John's a few times before over the last year and I have come to the same conclusion - still hungry.笑
The food is good, but I don't think we'll be coming back. While my boyfriend was eating his vegetarian sandwich, he was horrified to find a chunk of tuna in with it. The worst part is they advertise being vegetarian friendly with a big "We love vegetarians" sign on the wall. If that were the case, you'd think they would put a little more care into keeping meat out of their vegetarian sandwiches. To a vegetarian that's like finding a cockroach in with your meal. ;-) It's a shame because I enjoy their sandwiches. But this is definitely not a vegetarian-friendly establishment.笑
I love Jimmy Johns. No sandwich place comes near them. But specifically this location... WTF are these people listening to?! Every time I come here they play this awful death metal rock that make your veins in your head swell up. 
It has to be take out or eat outside in the cold because of it. 
Jimmy Johns is always 5 stars but this location is minus 5 just because of the loud and terrible music. Every time.笑
This is my local delivery jimmy johns to my house and to my office. I would like to say they never take more than 15 minutes to deliver. The service is extremely helpful. I have been working all day in my house an starving and they came to my rescue!!! With extras- tip their delivery people and i promise they will be amazing to you. I never have a complaint! Its not the greatest sub in the world- basic but the service will keep me coming back forever.笑
love JJ's. Probably been to JJ's 100 times in the last 3 yrs. do the math, that's pretty often. Today made me rethink my commitment  to JJ's sandwiches. Ordered a unwich. It was very bad. Wilted & "rusty" lettuce. Tried to swap it for a fresh one & they were very insulted by my request. They asked for the original back which I was happy to return.  I'm fairly certain they swapped out the "insides" to a new piece of lettuce. I just had higher expectations for my favorite sandwich place. They are normally very accommodating. Kind of a bummer.笑
I used to eat at this location quite often at my old job. 

We received a few hours notice that corporate was going to be by work, and said they were covering lunch for the 35 of us. What options did we have? Given that we were making calls at 7:30am, we ran into bar or fast food as our options. Then the light bulb illuminated my mind and realized we could try Jimmy John's. If they make freaky good food, freaky fast... could they make 35 lunches in a freaky fast time?

Why yes, yes they could! We placed our order on line, which went very smoothly, and indicated our desired pick up time a couple hours ahead of time. 

I went to pick up the food and as I walked in the door, they were literally wrapping up the last box lunch and packing the 4th box of sandwiches up. After paying the staff was very gracious to help carry everything out to the car with me.

The food was a hit with everybody at work, so delicious, as always! Can't wait until we have last minute lunch needs again!笑
Cheap

Quick

Decent

I am a fan of Jimmy John's笑
Jimmy John's is A-Okay. It was my first visit to JJ's. I had an Italian Night Club. It was tasty. I wanted an option for a foot-long but they did not have one. They seemed to be closing early for a Thursday (at 8pm). I would have imagined that like Subway they would be open until 9pm.

I felt it was a little pricy for a 6in sandwich. Perhaps because of Subways recently hyped $5-footlong special. Recall JJ's does bill itself as a "Gourment Sandwich"

The staff was friendly and patient while i made my sandwich decision.

The store was clean and tidy.笑
Friendly staff, good food, the music was blaring there tonight. It was like going to a heavy metal concert. I was happy to leave. Note: The sandwiches are never heated at Jimmy John's, but served cold. This location is in a small shopping plaza and can be seen from the street. 

If you're considering working at a Jimmy John's sandwich shop, you may want to read the fine print on your job application.A Jimmy John's employment agreement includes a "non-competition" clause. Non-compete agreements are typically reserved for managers or employees. but at Jimmy John's, the agreement apparently applies to low-wage sandwich makers and delivery drivers, too.

By signing the covenant, the worker agrees not to work at one of the sandwich chain's competitors for a period of two years following employment at Jimmy John's. It encompasses any business that's near a Jimmy John's location and that derives a mere 10 percent of its revenue from sandwiches. Applicant beware.笑
Took my dad (from Boston) here today...  He said "that was one of the best tasting sandwiches I've ever had"笑
Great service and great food. Jimmy John's lives up to its logo so fast you'll freak.笑
Jimmy John's are all over the city, which is great because they are awesome.
It took a few orders to figure out my favorite, because there are so many delicious combos!

If you are ordering for a gang of people - There website, and even though yelp app makes ordering SO CRAZY EASY!!!! Seriously! When I am in charge of getting lunch at work, this is one of my go-to places, because they rock with the large orders! Even write the names on the sandwiches!! And it is affordable!笑
I love a place where the employees learn what regular customers order. So I love that when I walk into Jimmy John's, the sandwich makers usually know I am going to be getting a #12 Beach Club.

Jimmy John's isn't like Subway or Port of Subs where the customer decides exactly what to put on their sandwich. That is ok though, Jimmy John's has a wide variety of sandwiches and you can add things (or leave them off, like I do with the sprouts that come on the #12).

The french bread is delicious and all of their veggies are nice and fresh. Apparently this location delivers and has online ordering, I have never used either service though.笑
Went in yesterday for lunch as I'm exploring new places around work. It wasn't difficult to see from the street, but their location is in an oddly designed plaza. The restaurant was only partly filled, just over half the tables were empty. The two employees behind the counter could tell I had never been in before, and they offered to suggest a sandwich based on the things I liked. I decided to play it safe for the first time out and got an Italian with bacon.
I heard their commercials so I knew their bravado for speed, but I was wholly unprepared for them to prove it.  I turned from the register to fill my drink cup, and before I could finish getting ice, my order was ready. 
The sandwich wasn't bad. The bacon was a bit soggy, but the bread was baguette-like, the meat was fresh, and the lettuce was crispy. Overall, it was a satisfying experience, and one I'm sure I'll have again.笑
Amazing subs!! I love the Gargantuan...one of my favorite sandwiches. But, it's like a freezer in the restaurant and the service isn't the best. (They say they offer catering, but couldn't give olive oil and vinegar on the side because they had no containers...) turn on the charm and turn off the ac!笑
I just ate the best made turkey unwich I've ever thought was possible. Jimmy johns has the best bread, and service for sandwiches!笑
I wish I can give this place 0 stars! Beware!! I placed a delivery order, gave them my name and address with all necessary info.. Including name of place of business... I waited 45 min... No delivery so I decide to give them a call and see what was going on with my order. They said it was out for delivery.. Which by now should have arrived. I say thank you and wait another 15 min. Totaling 1 hour! I call back and they say it has been delivered.. Long story short, they acknowledged they delivered to the wrong address(which is next door) and offered to make me a new order. I tell them I've waited long enough I just want my cc refunded. They put me on hold to get the manager..named NICK he answers and says that I would have to wait till tmw because there isn't a manager in. Wait... I thought he was the manager. I say fine... I wait two days, no refund so I call back and ask for the manager, to which they put NICK on the phone again.he says he refunded the money back to my cc but still I have not yet seen a credit and it's been 4 days.. Terrible customer service and the manager(NICK) can't decide whether he wants to manage or hide from customers.The worst customer service ever. Don't waste your time or money at this establishment. Definitely not worth the headache. I'm still waiting for my refund for food I never received!笑
This will be quick.... kinda like their delivery service.

Ordering a sandwich online in under 2 minutes = $5.50.
The delivery guy showing up in under 5 minutes = $3.00 tip
Enjoying a  quick sub on a hot day without stepping foot outside = priceless!!笑
The only thing that was good bout the sub was the type of bread. Thinnest sandwich I have ever seen.笑
They are crazy fast! Love the service and the food. Order the unwich. Delish!  Add avocado, oregano, oil and vinegar.  Soooooo good笑
Second time I've been here and Ordered 'The Vito' sandwich was half ass made with no lettuce when I asked for extra. I also asked for additional dressing they rolled their eyes. When I received sandwich they still didn't give me anything I asked for. Customer service was terrible will never go back!笑
I ate at most of the sandwich place like Subway, Quiznos, Port of Subs, & Togo. I would say Jimmy Johns is the Best!!!! The bread and meats are again the Best!!!'笑
Excellent sandwich shop, but there are multiple strange flaws that keep it from rising to the top. I don't see any reason why their sandwiches can't be bigger. 2-4 inches mean the difference between fed and unsatisfied. Leaving here feeling like you've really eaten something is quite the challenge, as American portions tend to be on the large side. Here, the standard seems to be more what your body needs versus what it wants. That's super if you're trying to lose weight, but not very cool if you walk in half-starved.

Ingredients are fresh and tasty. The bread is good at first, but somehow becomes downright addicting the more of it you consume. I can't put my finger on it, but something about that bread is beyond the norm. Meat and cheese portions feel balanced, if lacking, though vegetables dominate any free space they can fit in to. More meat would make for a better sandwich. For the price, and especially in comparison to similar eateries, you expect more. They aren't outright cheating the customer, but there is certainly a stingy, miserly quality to portions.

Service and environment are totally fine. I haven't experienced any problems with the staff and the place is generally quite clean. Lots of crap on the walls to read and the best view of the hospital a person could ask for (they wouldn't). Certainly not a bad spot.

If you can get around the moderate portions, the food is solid. Definitely quality over quantity. A small increase in size or fillings would make me a regular for sure. As it stands, I'm only going in there if I need to be tided over until a substantial meal comes along.

Oh, and watch out when you take a bite. The mayo they slather on the bread acts as a substantial lubricant.笑
Only giving them a 2 star because I have received good service and good sandwiches in store.  However,  I have had poor service when ordering by phone.  Living in Spanish Trail, 1.5 miles from the store, I can't get delivery anymore.   I used to.  Not sure what changed.  I've had 1 Manager say I could get delivery but another say no.  Sad cuz I do love me some Jimmy John's笑
Love this place!  Great Sanwiches - love the sprouts!  Only compaint is that sometimes the music is a bit loud, but that doesn't hamper our addicition to Jimmy Johns whenever we visit Las Vegas.  We like this location, the employees are very nice and go out of their way for you.笑
It not often come too JJ believe my second time. I have ALWAYS been fan! It toss up between JJ and Capriotti comes too my favorite subs/sandwiches. Too me win win either way you choose!!

I order the Italian Night Club. Start with the bread because if the bread no good then forget about it. I love the bread it baked daily just like others but like nice crust too the outside and moist inside. Taste fresh! The freshness starts on outside straight too everything on the inside from the lettuce (other chains simple things lettuce, pickles, or tomatoes not taste as fresh or say pre package toppings), thinly sliced white onions, sliced tomatoes, and different sliced deli meat. Hot peppers and italian dressing, mayo, and all combines too awesome sub! I got bag of chips and soda. The chips its JJ brand. The bag of chips some tasty chips (they have four different flavors) got the barbeque. I love nice crunchy, lot of flavor, and who not like bag of chips with sub? The soda they have fountain so endless if dining in.

The restaurant is pretty small only five too six tables. They do have couple outdoor tables also although right now not the best idea. I enjoy the decor. It feeling of small time deli with all the different signs all over the place, even community event board that people put stuff up on, they have music playing inside, and open air very clean restaurant.

The service something that deserve five star woot woot! As soon as you walked in got greeted with warm welcome and smile. It small location but talk about fully staff had my order done before sit down got my drink. One of the workers asked about my Mariners baseball cap wearing finishing my lunch. We had a conversation about Seattle the city, baseball, and cool random conversation with one of the workers. Friendly staff and leaving they say thanks for coming and have good one.

I always been fan still fan and certain making more stop at JJ! =))))笑
No phone etiquette, and manager was unavailable to talk. Just wanted to tell them that the bread on our sandwiches was harder than their bbq chips. Turkey was slimy and and didn't pair very well with the hockey puck we were biting into. Will update my review if I hear back from management. Don't want a freebie, just a guarantee that this was a fluke for this location and to be reassured that it won't happen again.笑
I heard great things about JJ's sandwiches. So I took a gamble and phoned in a Italian night club sandwich with hit cherry peppers with no mayo. The sandwich did not disappoint. It was tasty, the Italian sauce was tasty. I like the French bread, it was firm but soft inside. Price was 5.75 for a good size sandwich.笑
Favorite sandwich shop! Their bread is fresh, soft , and delicious. You can tell all their ingredients are fresh. If you like subway (I'm not a fan) then you will love and appreciate Jimmy John's. Also their chips are great too!! Can't wait to try other sandwiches笑
Jimmy Johns was delicious. Restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend this sandwich shop.笑
So, this was my first time trying Jimmy John's. I have been meaning to, but I haven't had a chance until now. I ordered the Vito and got my fella the Porker. I really enjoyed the french bread and look forward to trying the Beach Club with the 7 grain bread. I have a good feeling about that. 

The toppings are very simple and fresh. There is a good variety of sandwiches to choose form and two types of bread. They also have delivery which I look forward trying out soon.笑
Hands down the Best subs i have ever had, got a #9 italian, next day i went to subway got an italian, and i couldnt even finish, after eatin at jimmy johns, subways food tasted like cardboard..笑
This is one of the worst locations there is in town.  I am a JJ fanatatic!!!  The manager is rude and obnoxious, when you try to talk to the person working the register she talks over them and interrupts as if she is a dictator. The staff looks her direction before they speak or answer a question even if its something so simple as how is your day.They are ALWAYS out of wheat bread, even when I can see bread in the container she says sorry I cant....? Then gives a BS explanation of how they have to conform to standards. WTF? I dont care if one slice is 6 times bigger or thicker than the other just make the damn sandwich.......at least once a week I have to go to another location. What happened to the customer is always right? I will drive the 25 min to the one on lake mead just for the experience. The staff there rocks, always fast friendly polite and professional. They know what I order and have it made as I am walking in,and have just the right touch, sandwich is always perfect with right proportions and never ever out of wheat bread EVER. I go here at least 4 times a week.笑
Tucked in a small plaza. The service is fast and employees are welcoming. The only reason I gave then 4 stars is because they do not deliver past jones and tropicana. Great subs and price is not bad笑
Try the Gargantuan, it is delicious. Their delivery is top notch as well. I work close to the Rainbow location and they have the food here literally within 20-30 minutes. Outstanding. Good quality, must have. No more subway!!!笑
The Earl of Sandwich would have loved this place. I have been a fan ever since they opened one of these accross the street from my house in Guatemala. 

Clean, fast, friendly.... Bread is baked to perfection, quality fresh ingredients- no precut lettuce that comes in a bag like other chain sub restaurants.

Whatever you get, you have to get your 'wich with dijon mustard. The tanginess of the mustard  brings out the flavor of the bread so much that your tastebuds will go crazy.笑
Definitely a goood samich here.....I'd have to say the best COLD samich I had so far in vegas.  Bread is fresh, veggies crisp, meats are tasty, they have cherry peppers a++ for me...luv those things.  Nice atmosphere with interesting reading on the walls.

You gotta try this place, I think you will agree that it stomps all over subway.....til next time, good eating!笑
"Welcome to the Best part of your Day."

That's what the cashier said to me when I walked in. I gave him a half smile as I really thought about what he said and then placed my order. 

Ordered a #9 and #10 combos, a good solid Italian and roast beef sandwich respectively.

Service speed hasn't changed much. It is still as fast and speedy as ever. My sandwich's are always done before I can even fill up both of my drinks. 

I bag up the sandwiches, chips and put my drinks in the carrier and walk out. As I started to open the door, the same cashier told me to "Have a great day" and gave me a smile. 

I really started to think about what he said when I first walked in there. "Welcome to the best part of your day."

He didn't know I was having a crappy day. That I was at work since 4:30 in the morning, finally getting a break from work at 1 pm even if it was just to drive a pick my president up a sandwich. He didn't know that I was stuck in a 4 hour meeting today. Nor did he know the handful of new policies I had to write and implement once I got back to work.

I drove back to work thinking, that man was ALMOST right. The best part of my day is always coming home to my hunny and son but other than that, it was a good part of my day. 

I am not trying to be too personal but I just need to relate a little and make you feel how important customer service truly is (at least to me). As stated in my previous review about Jimmy Johns, they have a good solid sub. Love their pickles and cookies even more. You can't go wrong with their food. 

However, this location had lacked in the customer service department. And in a business where customer service is YOUR business, it is a very important detail. And during my last couple of visits, the service has been better but not great but after today, I just had to do an update and upgrade them to a 4.

Thank you Jimmy Johns for giving me one part of the best part of my day!笑
This is the worst location in the entire Las Vegas. I ordered a turkey unwich, the staff which called herself the manager made me the unwich with only 2 pieces of small lettuce that wasn't even big enough to wrap around the meat and other stuff inside, so pretty much while eating this the cucumbers and tomatoes could be falling out, so I went back inside just for her to argue with me and said that's how it's suppose to be but ended up agreeing to make me another one. I waited for about 5-10 minutes, went back inside asked if it was ready just to find out she wasn't even making my unwich but she was making other customers sandwiches that came after me. At that time I asked for a refund, as soon as I asked she pushed the sandwich that she was making rolled her eyes and said what? To me with an attitude. Then I got the owner Sam's number to call and let him know what just happened, his response was so rude and careless "so what do you want me to do about it?" And said "go make bad reviews on Yelp  please do! Bye!" 
I'm very shocked how careless this owner is about his business and how bad customer service skills this so called manager have. I recommend any other jimmy johns location except for this one.笑
UPDATE: I called and spoke with the manager on duty and he didn't seem to care much. I bet if we were catering a holiday party for our 400 person office he would care more. Still reaching out to corporate. 
I work in an office building in Spring Valley and called to place an order for my coworkers and I to have lunch. They said that because they cannot find us on Google maps they wouldn't be able to deliver to us. We are a new building on a new street and do not show up on Google. After I gave the guy directions on how to get to where we are located and telling me we are located outside of the cutoff delivery area(we are NOT) he gave up and apologized after I told him that I would order from somewhere who would be more accommodating. I forwarded the information throughout the company so that everyone knows not to order from this location because they are lazy and unhelpful. I will be reaching out to the corporate office as well because this is unacceptable.笑
This is my usual JJ's and they are very fast and friendly when you go in. However, their delivery is anything but "freaky fast". As of this minute I've been waiting 42 minutes for our sandwiches. When I called at the 30 minute mark I was told the delivery driver had just left and had a couple other deliveries ahead of mine. "Sorry"笑
Sandwiches are good, fresh and fast however when you have customers sitting outside to enjoy the beautiful weather don't come and smoke right next to them. Rude and disgusting! Employees should not be allowed to smoke out front!!笑
Ordered a #4 and requested to add salami & cheese. Drove 15 minutes home to find a salami sandwich. When I called to let them know, the girl on the phone said "I don't know what to tell you because I made the sandwich so I know it has turkey." I said "I'm looking at it and unwrapped it myself so I don't think it fell out." And she replied in a condescending way "You must have gotten the wrong sand which then." 
As if I'm going to call you to get a refund on 2 slices of turkey. 

Horrible customer service skills. Train your staff properly on handling your loyal customers.笑
Ordered 1 club @ 8:30pm fri.nite. got home.bread was stale & hard as a stone rock. Almost broke a tooth. How dare you sell me stale crap...threw away the bread, the meat was good and fresh though... employess are always super nice though!笑
Addicted.  The bread alone is AMAZING.  Talk about fast....I got my sandwich before I was even done paying for it.  Delivery is just the same.  I placed an order online and it was delivered in 11 minutes.  11 minutes?????  Who delivers that fast?? These guys.笑
Mother of God: this place is brilliant.

Firstly, it's a Jimmy Johns, so the sandwiches are solid. But this is an abnormally good Jimmy Johns. Several reasons:

1) The Staff. Today they recognized that I didn't have my son with me like I usually do. They're friendly, but not "corporate drone" friendly. This is good customer service. Also the staff appears relatively happy, which is important for quality food. Also this visit: the guy who made my sandwich (in like 90 seconds) said "I made this the 'wrong' way so it doesn't fall apart when you eat it." He was right. The sandwich was superb (Italian night club with pep).

2) Mayonnaise. Present in every Jimmy Johns but bears repeating.

3) One time I went in here they were blaring Heavy Metal and I heard that terrible "F" word like seven times. I'm a married banker with a kid, and I don't particularly like Metal, but it's nice to have that "privately owned" feel.

4) This place is never busy. And you wouldn't wait long anyways, since this place has handed me my sandwich in the amount of time it took to process my debit card, but still, it's awesome.

5) Want to save calories? Not be a giant fat-ass? Well no one does the lettuce wrap like Jimmie Johns. Extra Mayo Unwich for the win. 

The bad:
A lot of the time they just hand you the sandwich if you just get one, and then you forget to grab napkins, and the mayo and pepper juices mix and drips out the back of the Sammich on your pants, but that's your fault. Take some personal responsibility. Also they have sprouts on the menu. They taste like you're licking a tree trunk covered in moss, but I know people who think they're exquisite. Those people are wrong.笑
I spend a week in Las Vegas every month, and literally live on JJ. 
Top reasons Why I love Jimmy John
1) the crazy blond hair guy who I think is the manager rules with an iron fist, (I think thats how they chop the lettuce)
2) inspirational quotes, quirky, yet not over the top. see link 
http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dc77k565_120gdz7r2hj
3) mmm, good food笑
Sometimes, you just really want a sammich.
Sometimes, your fella is super indecisive about what he wants for dinner, and mentions 4 different places.
Sometimes, you decide on a place, and are heading that way, and a brilliant idea pops into your head:  "Hey...Jimmy John's is over there too..."

And sometimes, your fella says things like "Why you gotta know exactly what I wanted?  Jimmy John's it is!"

I had been to this location once a year or so ago, and used to have Jimmy's deliver at work for a while, but its been a really long time since I've had it.

This location is small, but very clean, and the staff are great.  Quick, polite, and they even asked my fella what happened to his hand (sprained it 2 weeks ago) and wished him a quick recovery.  

The sandwiches were great. 
I had the #14: The Bootlegger.  This is roast beef, turkey, lettuce, mayo, and tomato, although I always get mine with no tomato, with cheese and oregano.  
It was delicious.  The roast beef was really good.  I'd have liked a touch more mayo, as it was just a tiny bit dry, but all in all in was great.

Fella got the Gargantuan, which is just an enormous, meaty pile of deliciousness.  He loved it, and wanted to keep eating, but ran out of food.

This location also delivers, which is good to know, for the days that I don't want to leave my fireplace.  I will definitely be eating here again.笑
This is a standard Jimmy John's location that can be found on the west side of Rainbow Blvd. between Hacienda and Russell. 

I really enjoy a good sub! I also enjoy Jimmy John's subs. They are definitely a cut above most of the other chain sub shops (Subway, Port of Subs). I very much enjoy their bread and the prices are fair and reasonable. My favorite is the #2 the Roast Beef sub!

MMMMMMMMMMMMMM. Roooooast Beeeef. *said in the voice of Homer Simpson*

I also like how the meats, and especially the lettuce, always tastes and looks fresh. I hate getting a sub with soggy, wilted looking lettuce!

I guess my only issue with this particular location is the service. While not horrible, it certainly isn't spectacular either. After receiving lackluster service on my first visit I made it a point to not review this place until I had made at least a few visits. It seems to be pretty consistent. Maybe the bar was set high by the crew on the Windmill and Eastern location I used to frequent, but they always seem to be in a bit of a blah mood here. 

I'm sure I'll end up by here now and again, but I think maybe it's time to branch out and check out some other sub shops in the area.

As for now, this Jimmy John's is A-OK.

3 stars.笑
their food is good unlike their service, me and my family won't be returning to that locating again.笑
You can't go wrong with a Club Lulu w/ cheese - that's been at five stars in my book since I first discovered Jimmy Johns in college (Columbia, MO).

This review is specific to the experience I had at this Las Vegas location.

I called for delivery, but was shot down by a rude female who said my location was out of their one-mile radius delivery range even though the borderline intersection she mentioned was outside the apartment I was visiting. Despite trying to explain this to her, she would not back down and so I didn't place an order.

Going over the options of what to do (e.g. walk or drive), I decided to call back one last time. As I hoped, a different worker answered the phone. Although he did mention that my intersection was the furthest they go for delivery, he heard me out and placed my order. It's because of that fine human being that I got my Club Lulu w/ cheese delivered.笑
If you like more bread than meat in your sandwhich than maybe you'll like JJ's.  The sandwhich had big fat bread, but one super thin slice of meat, cheese so thin i couldn't find it or taste it.  The tomato slice was thick, too bad I asked for no tomato and got it anyway.  Black pepper was not available as an ingrediant nor are pickles.  Only a side pickle.  The sandwhich is small and  not worth the money.  

If you want a good sandwhich,  go to Port o Subs where they slice and pile all the meat you want and paper thin sliced pickles are yummy.笑
I'm still on the fence when it comes to JJ's. Sometimes I get a sandwich I really enjoy and other times it is just mediocre. When they are on point it is much better than the other chain sandwich shops that have been around so I keep coming back here. I like the fact that the offer the "Un-Wich," I really like their bread but I do not eat bread that much so this option where the meats are wrapped in lettuce works out perfectly. The staff is always friendly and the order is usually ready once you pay and fill up your drink.笑
SHORT VERSION: unsanitary. Rude employees. 

LONG DETAILED VERSION:
The sandwiches were fine from what I was told (I didn't eat anything from here), the staff however were extremely unprofessional. That alone is enough to give this review. 
Upon walking in the guy at the register standing closest to us acknowledged us coming in (group of 5) but kept his back towards us and continued his conversation with the other employees, one of the other men then asked us (mind you not in a polite tone) "does anyone know what they want?"   
We hesitantly placed our order, we were given back the wrong change, he handed us back $8 out of $10, we told him he gave us too much back, instead of saying thank you he argued that he counted it back correctly and didn't give us too much back, WHY THE HELL WOULD WE ARGUE THAT YOU OVERPAID US? Anyways, sandwiches were ready quickly,after opening the sandwiches we realized one wasn't correct, we asked for no tomatoes, handed it back and gave us the correct sandwich. The issue here is, the gentleman who was behind us ordered that sandwich with tomatoes, and the sandwich we TOUCHED and opened up with our hands was given to him! 
All while this is going on, the business card/ gift card holder has been knocked off the counter the cashier just looked and the customer like he should pick it up because it fell in his side even though the cashier had knocked it down. I mean the whole place is a joke. We will never return to this location. It's a bunch of incompetent immature assholes who treat paying customers as an inconvenience.笑
My wife and I really like this JJs because they get our order right every time. Fresh, friendly and freaky fast. They only get a 4/5 because of delivery boundaries. JJs should really consider expanding their delivery boundaries.笑
Let's get real. Work can be crazy hectic. In fact, there are lots of times where I can't even begin to entertain the idea of a sit down lunch. This is where my hero, Jimmy Johns, comes to my rescue. For example, today I'm playing catch up from vacation and I didn't pack my lunch box (silly me). I don't want to go grab something today (today is one of those countless hectic days)- Why you ask?  Most of my time will be gobbled up driving to and fro to fetch something to chow down on. The beauty of Jimmy J is that I can sit in the comfort of my humble cube and order my sandwich with the greatest of ease -- online. You can even save your favorite order to enhance your timesavings. I truly can't think of another spot that is more efficient, tasty, fresh,  and consistent as Jimmy Js. They truly live up to their slogan of "Freaky Fast"- for sure. I placed my order and I had my sandwich and pickle in hand within 15/20mins. The ease of ordering online is great- you can order a sandwich/unwhich (Lettuce Wrap for the low carb/paleo fans) and it comes with everything I want or don't want. They're awesome!

Bonus: I order online 9 times out of 10. However, I've visited this location a handful of times and the staff is super outgoing and welcoming everytime. Love this location and will continue to order from here/ visit this location in the future.笑
Jimmy johns is always good, this location had great staff and fast service. It was busy but we were in and out quickly, I had the tuna sandwich which was really good. The bread was fresh and not dried out or hard like a rock at other sandwich places. Definitely tastes! This location is clean and reasonably priced. Will definitely come back again.笑
Although my #12 sandwich tasted good, I was extremely disappointed and upset that I couldn't get a side of their peppers.  I wanted to see how spicy they were, and the response I got from the kid at the register was, "we have nothing to put them in." This was total BS since there where empty water cups sitting right by the register, and there are always napkins.  I emailed customer service and the response I got was, "Jimmy chooses not to do items on the side. This slows down our sandwich line and enables us to provide that freaky fast experience that our customers know and love us for."  IT ONLY TAKES 2 SECONDS TO GRAB SOME PEPPERS!  What is funny is this place is always empty and has 10 employees working at all times.  I think customer service should come first, and I wouldn't mind waiting an extra minute to get my sandwich if it meant getting exactly what I wanted.笑
They were all very nice and gave me a club discount !! I really wish they would deliver to my store location !! We are only 2.4 miles but it's always a great sandwich!! Thank you guys and gals笑
The only reason jimmy johns is fast is because they only deliver within a 2 mile radius. I live exactly 2.3 miles away. 
WHAT A JOKE!!!!!!
Subs are good tho.笑
Just stopped by there. Not one worker greeted us. They all seemed rude. Bread was clearly old.  Ice machine was nasty. Not clean at all. Tables clearly not cleaned in a while. One of the delivery drivers even walked by me and my kid and said. Damn that guys an a $$hole.  Who would do that.  Long story short. Rude employees and very unsanitary.笑
Apparently they don't delivery 3 miles away from them. That must be why they're known for being "so fast", you gotta be in walking distance for them to deliver to you at all. I had to repeat everything four times minimum and I'm still not sure she got our address right.笑
Fast, fresh, easy. Those are the words that best describe Jimmy John's.  This location is no different. Talking with one of their guys it sounds like they are expanding across the valley. I know I'm hoping for some new locations on the west side!笑
Place is a FREAKIN JJOKE, nice campaign slogan bozos... Ive been here many times as the place is literally 2 blocks away ( less than a minute drive) and is usually pretty good. Always do carryout but I ordered delivery this time and no joke waited 44 minutes for 2 sandwiches! WTF LOL. I was in the middle of trying to cancel my order online when the guy showed up, he was like "I'm sorry for the wait blah blah blah," i didn't say a word just tipped him and that was that. God i wish now i was able to cancel the order... How the FREAK do you wait for 2 sandwiches for 44 minutes and when they show up the ORDER IS WRONG??? Place is a shithole and obviously ran by morons, FREAK YOU Jimmy Tards never again. Im not even sure how one would even try to explain or come up with a reason for such incompetence lol, FREAK this place you've been warned yelpers. Good day笑
Jimmy Johns is my favorite chain sub sandwich place. Vito #5 with on onions is pretty much all I order. The bread makes it.

I usually have a good experience at this location but today they were blasting Drowning Pool's "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor". Really? If I owned this location I think I'd be pretty upset with my employees...笑
Always stellar service, best sandwich in Vegas!  Prices are unbeatable, well-kept and clean enviroment!笑
I love going here with my husband we always get the #9 with hot peppers and it's always super delicious. Today I kind of had a bad experience they forgot my hot peppers but I didn't say anything. Then, when we sat down I got really cold and asked them if they could turn the fan off and they said that they can't because they don't know how and corporate does that which I was totally okay with. In the end I saw a guy come pick up sandwiches that were the full length not cut in half and I wanted one so I asked the guy if they do sandwiches that big and he said they do and explained this day old bread thing and I wanted one but a fresh one and the lady said they can't do that that I would have to buy two and they would cut it in half. Way to make me feel awkward guys, if the sandwich wasn't so delicious I wouldn't go back ever again :/笑
This place kicks Subway's ass!!!!!! They are actually fresh! Oh and they even wrapped my Club Lulu (turkey &bacon) in lettuce since I can't have bread ;) Yummy笑
New: got in touch with someone willing too hear me out!I  do appreciate cooperate or franchise businesses taking the time and effort. It is a business that you started and glad that you saw my point of view, definitely don't want your effort too go too waste. I will give it another go soon! Thank you.笑
If you weren't looking for this place you'd drive right by and if you are already in the parking lot of the strip mall it is located in you'd never know it was here due to its sort of interior location between buildings.

I really like the bread they use...dare I say better than Cap's bread?  Yep, I said it.  I had the Club Tuna, #15 to be exact, and the quality was really good with all of the vegetables being fresh.  The only thing I'd prefer is that the tuna had a bit more flavor...some simple relish would suffice.  Also the drink offerings were not my style...I don't drink soda.  How about some fresh brewed ice-tea like everyone else has?

Service was good all around and the place was clean.  The restroom even had soap in the soap dispenser!  One confusing thing to me which I suppose could be a problem on a busy day is when the sandwich is done they just call out its number (i.e. "Number 15")...what happens on a busy day when maybe 3 people have the same order?  A brawl could ensue!

All in all it was a good place to grab a quick lunch since I was in the area.  Not sure I'd go out of my way to get here but if and when I'm driving by during lunch I will definitely stop back in to try another sandwich.