I've eaten here a few times. The staff is always polite and friendly, the food is usually hot and fresh. The mango tea is delicious!Ǿ
Love me some Jack in the Box! Another one of those West Coast chains that of course ends up in Charlotte, and I'm failing to see the bad reviews! Yes it's a burger chain, but if you know what to get you'll be like wowed! It's the quirky things like the French Toast sticks that are incredible and light! The crunchy tacos that are simple, small, but addictive! The egg rolls which again are simple, not large, but very tasty! The chicken tenders are excellent, as well as the fries! The sourdough sandwiches for breakfast are some of my favorites, and can be ordered 24 hours a day! Don't over complicate things, and just order the quirky items! You'll find yourself doing the random 2am drive thru!Ǿ
I have wonderful memories of eating at Jack in the Box here in my neck of the woods (Norfolk & Va Beach, VA.) when I was a kid. However at some point while I was a teen they pulled out of the area and never came back. Much to my surprise I saw they were available while I was down in Charlotte last weekend and decided that I would grab a burger on my way out of town. 

I popped into this Concord location and the building looked pretty cool, nothing like the buildings 70's era design that remains in my area. The staff was friendly and I ordered the Classic Buttery Burger with some curly fries and an iced tea. After a short wait they handed me a tray with everything freshly made and I took a seat and prepared to eat my meal. Then ARG!

So let's just pull the bandaid off. This burger stunk. No I don't mean it smelled bad, it didn't. It was dressed well, the meat was fresh, it was cooked properly. It's just a bad burger. I felt like I was eating something from a Murray's steaks. The thing was just beyond sub par. 

End rant. Everything else about my burger was fine, Bun, toppings, etc. The curly fries were also excellent. If anyone from Jack in the Box ever reads this, guys you need to change your burger patties. Everyone's is better than this turd. 

I've been told the taco's are good, and the chicken sandwiches as well so next time I try a Jack in the Box I'll go that route. But I'll never eat one of those beef patty's again. Not if it's like that. Never.Ǿ
Growing up, Jack in the Box was a favorite stop.  The tacos! What can I say? They're greasy, crunchy and so addicting we usually order at least 8 when we stop in.  Today, Along with our tacos, my family ordered a chicken fajita pita, an ultimate cheeseburger, an order of egg rolls and a ham and cheese melt. The only thing that went unfinished was the ham and cheese melt.  Honestly, we seriously go here just for the tacos anyway.  We got friendly service and it was clean and our food came quickly.  Current health rating was 100 the day we went in.  Fast food, yes.  Not the highest quality I'm sure but, sometimes it's ok to indulge once in a while.  Next time we are down this way, we'll probably stop in again.  A little taco nostalgia is nice every so often.Ǿ
I don't go here too often, but I have fond memories of this franchise since I was a kid, and you could order into the clown.

Well, we went today because we wanted breakfast after a grueling trip to the airport and lots of errands.  They offer a full menu 24 hours a day.  I love that concept, but 
what we got was a mediocre breakfast with serious sanitary issues!   

There was hair in our food, and due to the fact that we waited until we got home to eat, we were just "SOL."  A ten dollar pile of warm garbage, hairs included.Ǿ
If I could give no stars, I would !  We stopped here for a quick bite after a long day shopping.  Just wanting to eat real quick & get home to our beds was a big factor in our "fast food" choice.  Some of us waited 45 MINUTES before we received our orders !  45 MINUTES !!!!!!  They completely forgot about us & when asked what the heck was going on, they tried to tell us what we ordered & give us other people's food.  In that time waiting I also saw plenty of people come in from the drive-thru with wrong orders.  Next time I'm in the Concord area I will make a point to NEVER eat at this location again !!!!!