We came in late one evening and decided to order a few small plates/sides.  We shared the cauliflower gratin; corned beef hash the mac & cheese and sticky toffee pudding.

The cauliflower and the mac & cheese were excellent - really tasty.  The corned beef hash (or perhaps it was corned beef on mash come to think of it) wasn't good.  The corned beef had been pureed to almost a sauce and it did not taste nice.

The sticky toffee pudding was good - not as sticky as I would have liked, but decent.

The restaurant is very nicely decorated and the service we received was very good.

I probably would have given this place 4 stars, but whilst my wife was drinking cocktails I ordered a sparkling/fizzy water (not out of a bottle or anything just from the soft drinks tap) and was charged 2.50 which really seemed out of order given how much food we ordered and that my wife was ordering cocktails.

Perhaps there could be some discount/deal on soft drinks if you are ordering food & alcohol?笑
the west end of edinburgh is sort of like unchartered territory for me.  i pass through every now and then but i never stay for too long.  however, it was a beautiful sunny monday lunch time and the boy and i needed to grab a bite before heading to the cinema.  having been to the west room once for a quick drink i suggested we go for lunch.

on entering we were welcomed by friendly wait staff who offered us any table as it was monday and not very busy.  there are some cool tall turquiose arm chairs near the bar but sadly these were taken so we headed to the main dining area and grabbed a table that was in the sunshine coming through the window.  the menu isn't huge but has a good selection of bistro classics.  there is fish and chips, caesar salad, burgers, and a nice selection of sandwiches.

i opted for a rare roast beef and horseradish sandwich that came with handcut chips.  i added a grey goose le fizz as it was sunny and afternoon cocktails are the best!  the boy got the pulled pork sandwich with a mug of the fish chowder to accompany it.  food arrived shortly after my drink (which was lovely and refreshing sort of like a lemon drop!) and did not disappoint.  my rare roast beef sandwich was lovely with a good slathering of horseradish on the bun that made it really tasty.  the hand cut chips were good although i prefer mine a wee bit more crispy.  the bite i had of the pulled pork sandwich was also really nice so overall everything was quite tasty and made a satisfying lunch.

i think what's great about this place is it's not too pricey.  had we not opted to have a few drinks the sandwiches would have only cost us £6.50 each which is a pretty good deal for a freshly made meal.  as this is the centre of town though drinks are a wee bit pricey, the cheapest being £6.50 so this added a bit to the bill.  however, for a nice ambiance, good food, and friendly staff i was happy to pay the price.  i definitely will be back here to try some more cocktails when the sun is shining again :)笑
The West Room is a strange mix of the pleasant and odd. You are greeted warmly. The decor is stylish, contemporary, clean. The plastic furniture is fine. The large sports screen seems very out of place.

Lunched here recently with a friend. Neither of us were particularly fussed for our mains, but, as my dining companion pointed out, we did make poor choices (I had the mussels. I really should know better by now). The pâté and bread-and-butter-pudding I had for my starter and dessert respectively, however, were scrumptious. 

The service was very friendly yet things took a while, even though the place wasn't that busy. 

If this place made up its mind it it was supposed to be a gastropub, a sports bar, or a hip eatery, it could be really something.笑
Maybe I was having an off night on Friday?  

Aaaages ago, a friend told me that there's a bartender in Edinburgh who knows how to make a Periodista, and that he works in the West Room.  The combination of that and the fact that I'd walked by here a number of times and thought it looked good, brought me here when I fled Ryan's Bar on Friday.  

My thinking was that, even if they didn't know how to make the drink, surely they would then ask how to make it and have a stab at it, right?  That has been my experience in the past, but unfortunately was not my experience here.  I get that it was a Friday night, but they weren't that busy and I thought that was proper etiquette for a cocktail bar.  So, the lack of cocktail paired with the non-interest in attempting to make it put me off.  

We got a couple of beers and, interested in getting some food, headed to the food area in the back only to learn that the tables were booked.  Well that's really completely fair enough for a Friday, but they very kind waitress actually came and found us when a table opened up and invited us to sit down.  Unfortunately by that time we were on our way out the door, but I did appreciate her effort.

All in all, The West Room just ended up being one more watering hole in the west end, and didn't really offer anything particularly special to warrant going out of my way for a return visit.笑
Disappointing. Fried starters oozing oil everywhere ahhh! Even managed to overcook the mussels and the fries were of the frozen variety. Never asked how the food was until after we had paid and then prompted. Not recommended and in my view this is certainly not a Gastro type Pub!笑
Nice little bar/restaurant. Been here a few times for lunch - twice for the brilliant sunday roast. Not only is the meat cooked really well, you get a good range of vegies also cooked really well. Can't remember anything on the menu being over a tenner which was surprising considering the quality of the food. Drinks are slightly higher priced than what i like to pay but overall it's a great little place. (also should mention they have a projector going for the big football matches too)笑
Went here for brunch on a weekday and enjoyed really yummy food, and fantastic service :)笑
One of the best eating places in the West End. Not too many chocies but enough  the quality of the food and the presentation is excellent. Plus superb efficient and friendly service. I had a lovely fish and chips. Fish lovely and white and the chips handcut. All served on a bed of little pickled onions and with swirls of the chefs brown chip shop sauce!
The restaurant is fairly cosy and has a nice intimate feel. Although there is a TV it is not intrusive. Decoration style is modern and classy. There is also a wide range of breakfast options and a very well staffed bar  including cocktails!
Highly recommended..笑
Went for a Sunday brunch catchup with some friends and fell in love. The food was phenomenal! 
I ordered a bloody mary and while it was delicious, it was a bit spicy for my taste. But the food. My god THE FOOD! I got eggs benedict with hash brown and loved it so much I even ordered more hash browns afterward. My friends got the steak burger, more eggs benedict, and pancakes with bacon. After significant sampling, I can assuredly say that everything was absolute perfection.

The service was good but it did take a while for the food to come. It also seemed longer because I was so excited. Another reviewer was right, this is the best brunch in Edinburgh's West End, and it was easily the best brunch I've had in the city.笑
Eggs Benedict were great and I loved the eye for details in the decor of the place. Definitely a good tip for a Sunday Brunch!笑
Best cocktail I had while in Scotland! After a disappointing experience at another nearby cocktail bar we decided to stop into this adorable bistro/bar to see if we could turn our night around. It did indeed! The lady needed a Manhattan to right her ship and I, being the genius that I am, ordered the Botanist Bloom. Delicious, refreshing, creative...perfect. Like I said it's an adorable space and a cozy place for a cocktail. Only hiccup we experienced was it seemed the bartender was training a new young lady(who honestly didn't appear to be of drinking age) and when our drinks were ready she promptly delivered them to someone elses table. The tender was quick to notice the mix up and had replacements for us lickety split.笑
Great service and really good food! I had a lovely dram of Balvenie. Bartender was friendly and terrifically intense when mixing up his Artisan (a special kind of old fashioned, made with the Balvenie). An amazing halloumi cheese on crostini and some rich blood sausage rolls for starters. Dinners of Mac n cheese for mate and thick piece of ham topped with an egg and bit of tempura-fried pineapple for me. Really lovely evening.笑
Let me tell you why I like this place.

It's not the quirkiness of the atmosphere with it's wooden tables and multi-color chairs. It's not the staff, who were friendly even on a Friday morning. It's not the menu, which was a nice mix of breakfast items. It's not even that they give you a tiny chocolate chip cookie with your coffee.

Although I like all of these things.

No, why this place holds a special point in my heart is this: When I was craving mussels - I mean, murderously murdering men for mussels - and it was stupid early in the morning... they still made me mussels. And they even warmed up some bread to go with it.

And that is why these guys are the winners. They win. Hands down, the winner.笑
Smart and stylish, The West Room has an enticing cocktail menu, but I'm not sure the food was good enough to merit a repeat visit.

Overall, we said: "the West Room is smart and appealing, but I'm not convinced it's all it could be or wants to be. Their menu doesn't quite compel you towards the dishes it wants to serve you, so could use a little trimming to focus it better. It likes to market itself as the west end's "hidden gem". Certainly, if you stumble upon it on your travels, I think you'll be impressed, but impressed enough for regular repeat visits? I'm not so sure of that, as things stand.笑
We stopped here for a full Scottish breakfast, and were absolutely delighted. The decor is modern yet quirky, the service was top notch, and the food was really wonderful. Can't recommend it highly enough for a breakfast bap or the full works. Delicious coffee too.笑
The West Room is a modern-looking, cafe-bar in the West End. It is one of those places that evolves over the day moving subtly from coffee in the morning through brunch, lunch and dinner right through to late night drinks. It's not a big place but well designed with long tables at the front for groups, smaller tables at the back for two's or three's and then a bar area in the middle. But the best bit about the design are the enormous lampshades that provide a colorful, artistic vibe to the place. The menu is locally-sourced, British gastro pub in style and tastes great! On my recent visit, I was just sampling the wine list and with help from the very friendly bar staff, I settled on a Shiraz that turned into two or three glasses it was that good. So this is definitely a place to check out if you're in the West End, anytime of day!笑
"The Capital" cocktail is life. So good. You wouldn't expect to like it, necessarily (unless you are a serious cocktail connoisseur), because it is listed on their cocktail menu under "sour" which is the style of cocktail it
is. Rest assured that if you enjoy a well-balanced cocktail that this fits the bill. Expertly shaken to a frothy foam perfection, the vanilla vodka, sour strawberry, marshmallow syrup concoction will not disappoint. You'll want to order other drinks like the lemonade-reminiscent "Betty's Martini", or the classic "Maritime Punch" (dangerously delicious), but you'll find yourself ordering "The Capital" for its intoxicating strawberry magic.   Keep up the good work and be sure to stop by their sister cocktail bars across the road and in Leith!笑
The West Room is just perfect. 

The inside is modern, yet cozy and unassuming. The pints continue to fizz until the last drop and the cocktails are smooth as a baby's butt (sorry if that's an unappetizing simile). The food is delish and very well-presented.

We ordered the smoked haddock fish cakes and the steak. Both were scrumptious and, at around £8 each, were a steal of a deal. 

Also noteworthy: the groovy tunes. 

Highly recommended.笑
I am surprised no-one has reviewed The West Room before now as it really is a lovely place to hang out whether it be for drinks or some food.

I would label the cuisine as modern Scottish and the interior of the place is sleek and simple but somehow manages to maintain a really warm and welcoming feel.

They have a fab deal on, 20% off food from the a la carte menu. I had the haddock fishcakes which were delicious, and my boyfriend had the steak which was quite small, but I suppose for the price not too bad! The house white was lovely too, and the whole meal was under £30 with coffees so I was pretty impressed with the value. The service was fine, no one was particularly friendly but they just let us get on with it and asked if we enjoyed the meal.

I really like this place and it would be perfect for a bit of a boozy lunch!笑
And.. i am back here. 2 years hence and they have little changed. The prices stayed the same. Which only allowed the rest of the Edinburgh bars to catch up. They are now only reasonably prices, but still a tad expensive. Service is good and the tenders at the bar well trained. They now offer contactless payment, which is actually very convenient. An extra star as i am now able to afford the beer prices without complaining too much. This is more down to my personal wealth than their offering, but it allowed me to soak in the atmosphere more, as i wasn't inwardly grumbling how i felt being ripped off. It is a nice bar, i may go as far as recommending it... perhaps.笑
Great breakfast rolls, great service! Just what was needed on a dreich day in the capital.笑
Highly recommend the rump steak roll and mushroom orzo. Quality, tasty food & extensive wine list. Lovely space & great service too! Will be back.笑
Situated at the fashionable Westend  The West Room is one of the best places to go to get really high quality produce and excellent cocktails served by interested and articulate staff. Breakfasts are wonderful and Sunday lunch is great  But on weekday lunch I recommend  The burgers are moist and fresh and are accompanied by a pot of swish chunky seasoned chips. The best meal however has to be the fish and chips served with mini pickled onion and chefs special sauce delivered in paper. The fish is sooo white and the batter melts mmmmm me hungry.笑
Goldilocks would like this place.

The West Room manages something quite nice, which is to take a small ish space and pack it full of chairs but somehow leave breathing room.It's the perfect blend of bar and cafe while still managing some of the Edinburgh gastro pub charm.

After an active morning a massive sandwich filled with delicious, soft pork and apple chutney was just the ticket. There was a lovely balance of meat:bread:chutney:salad and the home cut chips made it a meal more than a snack. The coffee was a treat, I don't usually indulge in a cappuccino (white for me please) but did on a whim and was very pleased. Not too much milk, but just enough.

The food was just right.