Have been passing this hole-in-the-wall restaurant for YEARS.  Finally went and so glad I did.  The service is attentive and the food is unbelievable.

There was a group of us and we ordered several items and shared.  We ordered the spicy calamari and it was delicious.  It is unique--chunks of soft, breaded calamari tossed with green peppers, fresh jalapeno, and cilantro with a thai dipping sauce.  It wasn't rubbery rings like at many (typically Italian) restaurants.  

The vegetable egg rolls and chicken satay were also really good.  If you've never had Thai Iced Tea I recommend theirs, but if you order soda they continually refill it.

The entrees we ordered were green curry chicken (level 7 of heat), vegetable chow mein, chili mint beef (level 5 heat), and chicken pad thai.  Everything was so good.  I think the level 5 heat for chili mint was surprisingly spicy while the level 7 curry wasn't quite as spicy as I expected, but everything was delicious.  If you don't like spicy food, there are still plenty of options (the satay, pad thai, chow mein we had, for example).  We had plenty of leftovers to take home as well. 

The restaurant is clean but a little dull, but they offer a take out option.  Can't say enough good things about this place.笑
Simply, the best Lao and Thai food on the East side. Comparable to Thai Style Noodle House.笑
This is our must visit place when in town. Found it a couple of years ago while visiting our son who is stationed at Nellis.  Have spent a good amount of time in the Issan region of Thailand, the food up there is more Lao influenced than Thai, and have spent some time in Laos.  The food here, to me, is as closer to what you get over there than any other place I've eaten at here in the States. Took an expat friend who spent 15 years in Laos back in the 1960's and he concurred on the food here.

Can't beat the lunch buffet. I head first for a bowl of tom yum soup and then for a big helping of Lop Mu with cabbage on the side.

Just wish they could find a new source of Beer Lao, miss having it with my Lao food.笑
I love this place.. The family that owns it is o friendly and welcoming and I can never complain about the food because its delicous. They're very respectful towards my parents so I always tip them. The only thing I would change is for them to be open on Sundays because I always crave their food on a SUnday. I don't know why lol but I guess everyone needs a day off every now and then haha笑
This is definitely one of those small hole in the wall places that's a GOLD MINE!

It's a small, cute place with a really friendly staff. I believe it's a family owned restaurant, so you know the service was great.

I had the Rice Porridge which was EXCELLENT! I'm a huge fan of any Asian Rice Porridge and this was definitely up to par! I also had two other soups, I am too sure what they were but one kind of tasted like it had a lot of fish sauce or vinegar and that was really good. Then the other one was a little bitter with beef and veggies. That was excellent as well.

We ordered a few other things as well. The red curry was my boyfriend's favorite and I though it was pretty amazing (even though I hate curry), then there was the sticky rice which was great! I love rice, I cannot live without it. A salad that had muscles, I liked that and more things that I can;t even remember.

The Thai Tea was good! It came in a huge to go cup! It was really refreshing and hit the spot after a HUGE lunch meal.

I thought it was cool how they had a lunch buffet from 11am - 2pm Monday-Saturday. I wouldn't come towards the end though. As all buffets like that, they won't have too much left because it will almost be done.

Overall, I gave this place a 5 star rating for the excellent service, amazing food and refreshing drinks. Try it out and see for yourself!笑
This place has some of the best Pad-Thai I have ever tasted! We tried two of thier different curries which were very good as well. 
We also tried thier Tempura appatizer. It is yummy but they bread the shrimp instead of dipping it in the same batter as the Veggies which I didn't like.
The only other problem I have with this place is their menu! Take the time to update the prices people! A lot of their items have gone up $1-$2. This isn't a huge deal but it is annoying!笑
I've driven by this place on a number of occasions while heading to Thai Cuisine.  We always joke about the front decor being Native American with eagles.  At a closer glance though, the wooden "tee-pees" are just ornaments that are supposed to look like Chinese roofs. We bypassed the lunch buffet in favor of dishes from the menu: chicken fried rice, pad see ew, and roast duck curry.  I also tried the Thai iced tea, which was pretty good.  It was moderately sweet, and creamy.

I wasn't a big fan of the fried rice.  It was less greasy than your average Chinese fried rice, but it was rather salty for my taste.  The onions were way too strong (I prefer sweeter onions in fried rice).  It also was just a little more greasy than the better fried rices that I have had at other Thai restaurants.  

The pad see ew was good, or at least comparable to most other decent Thai restaurants in town. The one complaint I had was that the Chinese broccoli was sliced very thinly, and had the taste fried out of it.  My friend thought that the broccoli might have been a little bit off, but I didn't taste any more bitterness than average.  

The roast duck curry was standard, but didn't shine.  It had small chunks of duck, and was nice and soupy.  I would say that the curry here is about average as far as flavor goes, but at least it wasn't overly sweet.  The duck seemed to be prepared well.

Although we didn't try it, the buffet looked decent, at least much better than the LoS buffet.  There were a wide variety of dishes available.  During lunch the place was quite busy, with dishes constantly being replaced as we ate, which is a good sign that the buffet is at least partially fresh during lunch.

If you are in this area, it is an OK restaurant.笑
So there I was on Yelp! Looking for a Thai lunch buffet in Las Vegas. Unfortunately, none of the reviews I read had a lunch buffet. After searching through the 11 or 12 Thai Restaurant reviews in Las Vegas I stumbled on the picture of Lao Thai Kitchen [It reads "Lunch Buffet" under its name].

The lunch buffet starts on Monday - Saturday from 11:00AM - 2:00PM.
Pro's:
1) All of the food was very fresh (even though we arrived at 1:35PM the food was still very good).
2) Plenty of Available seating. Of course, this could be because we arrived at 1:35PM...
3) Five or six servers means fast service.
4) Several Thai dishes to choose from including soups and desert.
5) Servers were very friendly

Con's
1) I recommend arriving for the lunch buffet anytime before 1:30PM because, by the time we arrived, the servers were basically done serving. However, we still received drinks.
2) The distance from the strip or downtown Las Vegas to Lao Thai Kitchen keeps this spot a local secret.

So now your probably wondering why I gave Lao Thai Kitchen 5 stars. When I eat a buffet I am basically eating for quantity and not quality, here the quality far surpasses the quantity. Give it a try, I definitely recommend the lunch buffet at Lao Thai Kitchen.笑
YUMMY!!! I love their raw shrimp, crisp lettuce in lime juice, and covered in red pepper. Sooooo goooood! Everything on their menu is delicious! Very friendly service as well!笑
Best Thai food on the east side by far.. I absolutely love it.. And so does every1 in my house.. Don't let the run down atmosphere and shady location shy u away from this Lil hidden gem笑
Sad day. We've been going to this best Thai, family owed, restaurant for 10 plus years. While we were there yesterday, we were informed they have sold and new management will take over on February first, 2014. We will miss this family and wish them the very best.
We can only hope the new ownership can meet the very high bar the present ownership has set.笑
Love it. I have been past this place what feels like hundreds of times. Finally after years we stopped in. So happy we did!  I enjoyed my experience. We had the Thai bbq chicken which was fresh, cooked well and had great flavor. We also had the pinapple fired rice & the pad thai. The place is small and just nicely decorated. Not too over the top by not underwhelming either.笑
Service is great.  Price is nice and food is good.  The real gem here are the appetizers.  The crispest fried chicken wings, 
shrimp and vegetables you will find anywhere at any cost.  Have not ate buffet...not buffet guy.笑
Tasty food and yes, they say "hi" to you when you enter the restaurant. Nice! Portion size is generous and we asked for a "to-go" box. They give a lot of rice, too -- way too much for 2 people. I'll be making some fried rice tomorrow out of the leftovers. We had extra Pot of Shrimp and Crab and we took this home too. Good for lunch tomorrow!笑
Looking for great Thai food? look no further.  Don't let the location fool you.  This place is absolutely awesome!  I have tried most of the menu and have yet to be unsatisfied.  Lunch buffet rocks too.  I recommend any curry, Tom yum or Tom ka, chili mint, larb, beef jerky, pad Thai, or spicy beef salad.  I frequent at least once or twice a week.笑
Drop by at lunch time to find out what the fuss is all about. I mean when you got four stars on Yelp, you deserve a check out. Arrived at a real hole in the wall restaurant, meaning lots of holes in the couch and chairs. Absolutely not trying to fix the restaurant at all. Holes all over the place.

Try the lunch buffet. Lots of varieties, all mediocres. Granted I have eaten at some of the most delicious place all over vegas, but that doesnt mean you just stir fry everything and call it a thai restaurant. Tom yam koong warm and no kicks. Pad thai doesnt even taste like pad thai. orange chicken too orangy and sweet. 

All and all, for $6.99 you get a lot for your money. But I prefer quality than quantity. Its probably good for the area, but I rather drive a little and dine at thai style noodle house in spring mountain. One and done for me.笑
The food was so good. Pricing was really reasonable. It takes a while to get there from the strip but it's well worth the drive.笑
I used to drive by this place for many years and finally stopped by yesterday. CAN YOU SAY AMAAAAAAZING?! From the authentic Laos decor on both the interior and exterior to the great service, I can not say enough good things about this place! Being a small, what looked to be family owned, restaurant; I expected good service and food from the jump. Lao Thai Kitchen surpassed all of my expectations... by far! The food here is delicious(especially the $6.99 lunch buffet). I highly recommend this restaurant if you're feeling Laos/Thai food for breakfast, lunch or dinner.笑
Stopped in with some co workers for lunch...  glad we did, the food was great!  They had a notice up that their lunch buffet prices are increasing, but it's still super affordable.    Lots to choose from and it's all really yummy.  

I'll have to come back and try dinner!笑
Apps.
Calamari, beef jerky, crab rangoon.
 Calamari was chewy. Beef jerky tasted like....... Jerky. The crab rangoons were ok.... Just sad that they use imitation crab.

I'm having a yen ta fo with duck ( #43)

 #70 spicy catfish. For the man.

The catfish actually looked like it came from a fish... Big meaty pieces in the stew. It comes with a large silver tin of stramed rice.

My pho was good. The cabbage kind of over whelmed it, and consumed most of the bowl. It was rather salty for my taste....

The atmosphere here is odd. I know that it is family run and all.... But our waitress was on her laptop, or watching the very loud tv.....our meal was $55... For that price, I think I'll save the miles on my car and go to Naga where they use real crab.笑
Disclaimer: this is a review of their lunch buffer (I have not ordered from the kitchen)

Went in around 1:35pm and decided to get a "buffet lunch" for $6.99
Big mistake.... meat was almost all gone except few slices of beef floating with overcooked broccoli. Rice was dry, noodles were barely warm... 

I asked a waiter if they are going to have anymore fresh items brought out and he unapologetically stated that it is late and that's all they have. With that I paid my bill and literally ran out of the place without leaving a tip. 

Eeek... health department on you!笑
This is my favorite "close to home" restaurant.

It's really a hidden gem.

They have such a huge variety of Laos and Thai dishes. 

The best part is that everything is good!

I can honestly say I've tried just about everything.

They have curries, soups, noodles, stir frys.

My favorite thing is that everything is served family style so the portions are large, the prices are low, and it's easy to share.

It's family owned and they're all so nice.

The food comes out pretty fast.

Just some side notes: it's in an older plaza, but it's very sanitary.

They also have a weekend buffet for 7.99. I've never had it but my family chooses that at times. I've seen the buffet and there's a big variety of dishes.



Try these out:

Issan sausage with sticky rice. At home version has more fat, but they serve theirs with traditional dipping sauce.
Pad Thai. Their pad Thai is hands down my favorite in town and I've tried a lot! Theirs is very saucy. I know it's one of those dishes that is different every where you go. This one is my favorite.
Tom Kha Gai. It's coconut milk and galanga root soup. I get it with chicken. 
For dessert get the coconut ice cream in a coconut! It's so good! Their are palm nuts and sticky rice in it.

Just about every dish is under $10.

If you're ever in the area check them out!笑
If I had to say something nice about this place, it would be that the waitress was very friendly and pretty.  The food was not as good as I hoped for.  It pretty much tasted like what you buy in a can off the shelf labeled "La Choy".  There was a soup that was good and they served watermelon that was good.  I wanted this place to be better and was dissappointed in food quality.  I  would hope that a not so good review will make this place try harder, buy I won't know as it will be a long time before I eat there again.  Sorry Lao Thai, I know times are hard but I think you can do better than what I had there.笑
The boyfriend and I came here for dinner and are happy to have found this little hole in the wall.  

Here's what we had:
Thai sausage - these sausages were very different from your usual sausages.  It reminds me of homemade sausages.  
Roasted duck curry - very delicious duck meat and the curry is full of flavors.  
Pad kapow with chicken - this was also very flavorful, but it was not as good as the duck curry. 
the pad jew noodles - thai soup noodles with shrimps, squids, char sui (bbq pork), and napa cabbage.  It was as close to the actual thai soup noodles I had in Thailand.  
~One thing I should mention is that our food wasn't spicy enough.  We ordered 8 out of 10, but it was still lacking some spiciness.~

They also had mango with sticky rice, but we'd have to wait 15 minutes for the rice so didn't end up getting it.  Definitely will come back to try it. 

The service is also very friendly.  Overall, Lao Thai Kitchen offers home-cooking flavors in a friendly atmosphere at a reasonable price!  This is going to become our regular dinner spot! 

p.s. they offer lunch buffet from 11am to 2pm, Monday thru Saturday.  Will and must come back to try it!笑
This place is a joke the 2 girls  work here were rude didn't  get my family and I drink on time .We came on buffet hour  first time I came here and will never ever come again. There were no food I paid 48.69 for nothing not worth time and money.笑
This is a solid Thai restaurant.  I have had a little better but I have definitely had a lot worse.  I don't think you'll find a better bang for your buck as far as Thai food goes.  

We had the Thai beef jerky as well as the chicken wings.  Both were great, especially with the sauces they came with.  The panang and massaman curries were spot on.  The Drunk Man Noodles: great.  New flavor unlike anything I've ever had.

I'll definitely be back.笑
Rather swell thai food. Interior could use some major re-decoration. They leave the buffet table out with old signs really taking away from the experience . The food portions are plentiful.笑
Our go to Saturday lunch buffet where kids eat free with each paid adult for 6.99. You might think, Thai buffet and kids eat free? How good could it be? Let me be the one to tell you it's very good! The curry chicken soup, mint leaves chicken, pad thai, and chicken wings stand up to any Thai restaurant in town, even if it's a buffet. We've been going to this family run place, mom cooks and daughters run the front of the house, for a few years now and word has spread because it's always a full house on Saturday. They recently upgraded the booths which were in need of replacement. I can't comment on their food other than Saturdays but if it's on par with the buffet, yum yum.笑
One of our favorite restaurants! The service is awesome, the food is great - a la carte. I don't usually do their all-you-can-eat buffet, but I have at least once, and yes, it's kind of bland, but when you sit down and order the food is amazing! 
 When you tell them you want a 10 out of 10 for heat, they'll really give you a ten. in fact, if they know you (like us), they might even ask if you wanna go higher (too high for the average non-Thai person, which is why they stop at 10 to begin with). 
 I also love their Thai Iced Tea, which is hard to mess up, since I think it comes in powdered form and you just add milk.
 It's a small, family-owned restaurant. If you're looking for a cozy, non-touristy, almost-hole-in-the-wall great place, this is it!笑
All you can eat buffet
Location is small
Food is okay, selection lacking
Price is good笑
Family owned joint with a great value lunch buffet. Multiple flavors always leave me satisfied! I haven't ordered off the menu to much as I normally hit this place during lunch and its soooo hard to say no to the buffet! A nice family runs this restaurant near where I work on the eastside. I'm thankful its there. The Chicken Larb and the Tom Yum goong are among my favorites here笑
Most authentic Lao &Thai food in Las Vegas , not to mention , the friendliest笑
Out of the way, hole in the wall type restaurant.  Food was yummy & service was great.笑
My friend visits his family in Vegas often, so when we came to town, this was the first place he wanted to go. Unfortunately, we had to wait until the day before our departure to taste some heavenly food. 

What i love about this place is that the food is served family-style. We ordered three dishes for four people, which was enough to fill us up. My friend ordered thai tea which he said had a lot of flavor and wasnt too sweet, but thai tea is too sweet for my taste. Someone else ordered coconut water fresh from a young coconut. That was tasty and under $3! 

I ordered the green curry with chicken #4 level of heat out of 10. I definitely wish i ordered it as #6 but the waitress will give you chilli powder to make it as spicy a you would like. The curry is served in a big bowl, and makes more than enough food for one. I was pleased at the amount of chicken that i was given as well. 

On the table we also had deep fried pork skin sautéed with chinese broccoli. That dish is great and should definitely be tried!

The last dish on the table with the duck curry that is in a few reviews on yelp. I would have to side with the people that enjoyed the curry. The variety of vegetables was greater than in the green curry and the duck was not at all chewy. We had it at heat #6, which was an enjoyable spiciness. 

I will be looking for a place as good in Houston.笑
Too bad most of the reviewers are only hitting this place for the AYCE lunch. This is a wonderful Thai restaurant. The curry is excellent. Good selection of dishes and reasonable prices.笑
This place has some of the best thai curry dishes in Vegas. Great prices, good portions, very friendly service, and amazing taste. Most importantly, a "#10" spicy is actually very spicy, unlike many other places in town!笑
I used to really love the Bankok Boom's lunch buffet (ok, this was years ago). Then I tried Lotus of Siam's lunch buffet which was even tastier (and don't forget all the accolades too), except that is only available monday-friday. I haven't had it in years now, since I work monday through friday- day shift. So, my sister told me about this place- said it was "small, but good," I looked up reviews and decided on this place to celebrate my birthday with my side if the family. We were able to enjoy it on a saturday (the day after my actual birthday). When we reached the place, I recognized it, but it had been years and back then it was just a thai restaurant, not laos also- think 90s college days with one of my college friends (a longtime friend, she ended up being one of my bridesmaids BTW). 

My favorite thing here was the spring rolls with vermicelli noodles- let's just say, I had more than one. So very good- my BIL really liked them and asked if they were handmade from scratch. I had the pad thai- a basic thai dish, pretty good, ground chicken dishes- one of them was way on the salty side- even my mom noticed and said the same thing, beef with broccoli, beef salad (except the beef part was a little lacking), and I'm sure I'm forgetting some other dishes. I went back a few times, but it's not like there were any buttons popping. (The first few years of living here taught me to not overdo it a buffet.) Pretty good for $6.95 a pop. My sister's oldest really liked the chicken wings- fried. My husband liked the soup- there were several choices. Thai Tea comes in 3 sizes- small, medium or large.

Sure, the area is a little questionable, and it's a hole-in-the-wall- some reviewers here refer to it like it's a bad thing (large parties sit in the middle, while the booths are on each side of the walls). But the food was pretty good, and where we were sitting, we could see when the new steaming hot food was placed in the serving trays. Some items went fast! There was a decent crowd. 

I'd come back again. I don't really have thai food a lot, because my husband really fancies chinese food (had lots of it in my hometown, SF). Maybe on a half-day, I'll check out Lotus of Siam again since it's on my side of town.笑
This place has really came up! I came in during lunchtime for their buffet special which I believe is only seven dollars! The fried chicken, Panang, and  Tom kha was on point, very tasty! They have also replaced their old booth seating with brand-new seating! All in all I think they really stepped up there game, I will be back!笑
Not bad for an all-you-can-eat. Reasonably priced. Good service. Great hole in the wall joint.笑
Great Family Owned Restaurant. All you can eat buffett is during lunch time and is delicious. You would definately miss this place driving by so keep an eye out for it.笑
All-you-can-eat Thai food buffet!  Food was so-so.  The pad thai was VERY dry and there were no labels to tell what the food was called, consisted of, or if it was a soup, sauce, or condiment.  Every item was a surprise in the mouth.  The only dish I liked was some kind of ground pork.  Like I said, no labels so I don't know what was in it or anything!  Soups were lacking and the curry noodles had an interesting taste...LOL  But hey, only $6.99 for lunch!  YES!  That price is right.笑
Never eat here! I have eaten at a lot of Thai places in Las Vegas.after Reading the reviews and I decided i would try Lao Thai kitchen. Me and my wife ordered what we always order to go. The food was an abomination. I have never ate anything so putrid in my life. We ordered four or 5 different items and they were all terrible. I recommend any thai place other then this one. Im considering having the food sent out for testing it was such questionable meat. I had chicken, she had duck( we think)笑
I LOVE this place! It's cozy and the service is great. The buffet has a great selection for it's affordable price. It's 30 mins away from my house, but I still drove out there once a week while I was pregnant. I craved homecooked food and this place definately hit the spot. The spicy curry noodle soup, Tom Yum Koong soup, papaya salad, lard na, and drunkman noodles are just some of my favorites. Ooooh! and the chicken wings are really good too!笑
I used to go here all the time, years ago when it was just Thai Kitchen and they had a different owner.  Since the new owners took over, the restaurant's gone downhill and just hasn't been the same since.  

I was craving papaya salad and decided to give it another try.  Ordered chicken pad thai and lao papaya salad to go.  The pad thai BARELY had any chicken, it was like a cup of ramen vegetables to noodles ratio.  The noodles were dry and a bit bland.  I was hoping the papaya salad would save the meal, but it didn't.. The papaya was not ripe enough and was hard to chew.  I asked for a 5/10, and I could taste the spice, but lacked the other flavors I was looking for.  I'm used to Lao papaya salad with cherry tomatoes, the crab paste, fish sauce, chilies, and lime that packs a punch with orgasmic flavors.  

Lesson learned, always buy papaya salad from the Laos Market.  They never disappoint!笑
This place has some of the best curry in town!, if not THE best. 
The guy on here who claimed trader joes has better curry must have the palate of an 8 yr old, and probably dips his egg rolls in mayonnaise and ketchup.

*update, New ownership, still good笑
An excellent small, family-owned business.

1. The food is authentic, consistent, and well-priced.

2. The service is excellent. I noted someone else had also commented that as you come through the door, they say 'Hi' to you - yes, they do, and it's a very endearing welcome that starts off the visit well.

3. We have eaten here about 20-22 times over the past few years. It is definitely consistent in its food and service. While not perfect, yes, admittedly, the decor is at certain places in the small restaurant ragged and questionable in it's relativity to a restaurant, it is everything good about a 'hole-in-the-wall' place one could ever hope for. 

4. The buffet - unusual for such a small place - is a nice bonus. And if they run low on an item as lunch time passes because they have an actual lunch rush-hour, and they do, - ask them to cook some more - and they cook up some more. That is exactly how a small, family-owned business that offers a nice little buffet works. 

5. Aside from the buffet, the individual entrees are very good. It may not be exciting or clever to state this but it is that simple.

6. As for the pricing, it is inexpensive, and because the portion size is good, there is generally some leftovers to take home. I like the fact that their menu doesn't change every few months - with the often corrolating increase in dish price. Even during the recent economic slump, they maintained a quality effort. 

7. And yes, the Thai tea here is simply addictive.笑
After reading the mixed reviews and since im leaving Vegas for good and going back to Colorado i wanted to try it. Well i did about a Hour ago. I was greeted soon as i walked in. And smelled Authentic Thai Cooking. The buffet wasnt the biggest. And sure the food isnt labeled but you can tell what your eating just by looking at it. I had the Pad Thai, and some Egg Dish, and Veggie Eggrolls. And Broccoli Beef, and a Coconut Jelly item. It was ALL Delicious. ,I had my 3 plates full and i was full. They have soda in cans but make sure your drink is always full. I told them it was my first time here. 

I regret not going in sooner. I gave it 4 stars because they dont have the fountain drink machine hooked up. I should of asked for a Thai Tea which i seen they did have, and it looked good as well. I will venture in there one more time. The Buffet is from 11am to 2pm Monday thru Saturday and worth it. 6.99 is a deal. Nap time on a full stomach.笑
I love this place! 

It's always busy here during the week between 11am and 1pm and the restaurant is quite small so there's not a lot of seating. A lot of military personnel frequent this place for lunch because it's not too far from Nellis AFB and the prices are very reasonable whether you're getting the buffet or ordering from the menu. You can order any of their food To-Go, including the buffet but it costs $1 more than if you were to just sit down and eat the buffet. If you order anything from the menu To-Go, it only takes a few minutes and the food comes out fresh.

They also offer delivery, but only within a 3 mile radius and there is a $3 delivery charge. 

I'm always greeted as soon as I walk in, even when the restaurant is packed. The servers/cashiers are always the same (which makes me think this place must be family owned) and they're all super friendly. 

The menu is easy to read and understand, so even if you don't know anything about Thai food, you can easily get by! This isn't one of those restaurants with a menu that is solely in a foreign language. Each item has a description underneath so you know what you're ordering.

I've eaten the lunch buffet once and it was decent, probably only worth 3 stars. But every other time I've been here I just order from the menu (definitely worth 5 stars) because it usually only takes a few extra minutes for the food to come out. 

The prices for the House Specials are about the same as the buffet, unless you're ordering a dish with shrimp in it then it's about a dollar more. The food always comes out freshly prepared and piping hot, and all the House Specials come with a large pot of rice. 

The Thai Iced Tea is so addicting. I don't usually even like tea, but every time I come here I get the Thai tea with cream and I always want more.

Oh and just a side note, I love that I can request for any dish to be spicy and they actually make it SPICY! I'm usually asked, "How spicy on a scale from 1 to 10?" I tell them "8 or 9" and it comes out exactly how I want it every time. 

This place has never let me down. It's definitely one of my favorite lunch spots.笑
So I went here last night with a friend and it been years since my last visit. 

We ordered the appetizer sampler, pad thai ( #8 spiceness) & panang curry ( #3) 
To start off, the sampler is all fried and the breading or coating they use for the chicken wings were a weird texture. The best part of it was of course the cream cheese wontons. The Pad thai was a darker color than most places but was still tasty with the distinct sweetness to pad thai. As for the panang, for a #3 spiciness ( which I usually get when I eat thai food) was a bit spicier than most. Mainly dark meat and I'm wondering if white meat is an option there. We washed it all down with a large Thai Tea in a huge cup. 

warning: I paid with my debit card and when I checked my bank statement it was charged a $1.88 more than what I signed. I called and they mentioned it was an issue they have with the credit company and should reflect the correct charge one the transaction is no longer in "pending status".笑
I was very hopeful when I first tried this place. Upon entry, I noticed that this place is not very hygienic. OK, so let's try the food. I ordered crispy calamari and I got a burnt squid! You can actually smell the burnt food when they put the plate on the table. Their orange chicken is sooo sweet like they marinated in sugar and cooked in sugar and orange juice. The barbeque chicken is dry. The only good food in our order was the fried fish but then it is the most expensive in the menu so it better be good. The serving portions are ok. I will not go back here again.笑
Seen the reviews. Decided to try it. I didn't have great expectations since it is new owners. It is true, name changed to Pon Ocha Soup. Lunch buffet price went up to $7.50 for adults. Mon-Sat 11-2:30 So worth it! Was less than $20 for 2 people.

Nothing is labeled. But I recognized some dishes. Green and red curry, garlic green beans, tempura sweet potato & plantains, fried drumettes, and a noodle dish I'm calling classy top ramen. All were great!

Other things I tried: pad thai, 2 meat dishes, spicy beef salad, soup, egg rolls? These were good. I was excited because it was the first time in 14 years that they had a separate platter with mung beans, cabbage, cilantro and limes!!! But the pad thai was not hot, so it is something I will try off the menu at some point.

There was other things I did not try. There were 2 other noodle dishes, fried rice, 2 other salads, a dessert? And 2 other soups.

Service was great. I did order Orange chicken for takeout. Hubby said it was good, and he ate the whole thing.

Way excited thAt this restaurant is right around the corner from my house!!! Expectations were met and exceeded!笑
This place is a friendly and tiny(but clean... high 90s) hole-in-the-wall where you can usually count on an authentic and fresh meal. I go here when I'm too lazy to go to lotus of siam, which is not overrated :-)  Like LOS, the prices here are so-so($2 too much for most items).

I always order duck curry or green curry, and I've only been disappointed once. 3 stars because the shrimp soup here is so bad I almost fell on the floor laughing after I took a second taste to confirm its horribleness.笑
Appetizer - Satay was good.
We asked if we could have the wor wonton soup without calimari, to which the waitress responded with an emphatic "yes".  The soup came "with" calimari!!!
Roasted Duck Curry was o.k., but nothing extraordinary.  The Mussaman Curry was also nothing to write home about (we've had better).笑
Lao Thai.....I could eat you every single day of my life!!!  We have been WEEKLY regulars here for about a year, and it is off the chain. Having had tried most the menu, my favorites are the Tom Yum vegetable soup. SO good! You can't go wrong with any of the curry....the pineapple is my FAV tho:) spicy beef salad is so fresh!!  Any time I've tried a different Thai place it always disappoints cause no one can live up to Lao Thai!!!笑
Great Lao/Thai food. Curries are amazing, many of the other dishes are excellent as well.

The seats at the sides of the restaurant are pretty ripped up, they need to fix that.