Worst service I have had at a pts in the 9 years I have been in Vegas and we eat at one every Wednesday. The bartender/waitess took about 10 minutes to even come over to our table and there was only one other table in the restaurant.
         She was rude from the get go, when we were ordering she making faces when one of my party was asking questions about what she was ordering. Her facial expression was "like really, is she serious", " is she for real?"
         I ordered Chipotle wings which I order every week and 3 weeks prior at this location. When my order came out, it was Habanero. I told her that my order was wrong and she said it was the closet thing to what I ordered, like it was my fault. She went and got a menu and opened it infront of me and asked me to show her where on the menu it said chipotle. Trying to make me looks stupid in front of the people i was with. I dont even look at the menu any more i just always order my wings and they come out the way i order them. I get it that they are not on the menu, but she should have said something from the get go insteaded of putting the order in wrong. And then trying to make me feel stupid like it was my fault. 
         On top of that she brought someone else card on my buddies check. And did not have his card. If she hates her job that much she needs to find something different. We will never be back to this location!!笑
This brand new PTs is a lot nicer than most. Great service here, and staff is what matters.

They just opened and they have lots of nice HD TVs to watch sports. Great beer and great happy hour specials.

The Manager Susan is really awesome. Can't ask for someone else better to be in charge of this place.笑
Unfortunately must leave a negative review-
Granted, come to find out that this location has a reputation of being atrocious during the weekends; but still it does not excuse the incident.
After waiting for about 10 minutes to be even acknowledged- probably could've gone behind the bar and poured ourselves drinks for that 10 minutes because there was literally NO STAFF PRESENT FOR THE ENTIRE TINE- we we met with a waitress whom took or drink orders and we advised we were waiting for 1 more.
She came back and asked if we were ready to order.....knowing we were waiting for 1 more and seeing they hadn't gotten there.......
We told her hold on 1 second while we checked the persons location, she seemed irritated, so we went ahead and ordered.  During the first order it was almost like since there was more than 1 question it was like she became even more irritated and we were apparently a burden to her.
Our buddy arrived about 10 minutes after that and placed his order about 5 minutes after arriving 
30 minutes later our food came out (minus the late arrival) and not only was it slightly cold, but 1 order was wrong.  When it was told to the waitress it had the wrong sauce, she said- we don't have that sauce so I put in the closest thing to it-------- most proper waiters/resses would've come back and made you aware of the issue PRIOR to putting in an incorrect order.
She then began to act as though it was our fault the order was wrong and she grabbed a menu and slammed it on the table saying "show me where".
Needless to say- we probably will never be going back to his location ever again.

As for the food-  well, my Philly Cheese steak, while it had ok flavor, was cold and the cheese sauce was horrific, the bread was also soggy, the "coco" fries were actually just regular fries (cold and tasted pre-made) with season-all seasoning sprinkled lightly on top-  
Definitely not worth even $5 let alone the listed menu price- and definitely shouldn't take 30 minutes to make.笑
Absolutely amazed at what they did with the space as this was formerly a dark, cramped BJ's.  This location is in an industrial park off Valley View, but that makes for a nice, low key location with personalized service.

PT's is the king of local casino taverns and the "Gold" taverns have an upgraded menu from the regular PT's.  All locations have a regular and reverse happy hour, plus half off breakfasts in the morning daily.

It's the usual PT's stuff, but the space is fantastic.  I had bacon and eggs. My husband had the grilled chicken. The food was the good quality we expect from PT's and service from bartender London and server Emily on day shift was exemplary.  I look forward to visiting them again soon.笑
Have you had the hangover burger at this place?? It's the best burger for about $14!  Wow. I can't wait to go back and get that again. By the way our bartender and server London was amazing and very friendly and took good care of us!  Thank you!