Pad Egg Plant Krapraw with chicken was fresh and yummy. My first time here, but it will not be my last.笑
Great restaurant. My fiance and I decided to try and it was amazing. We've lived here 3 weeks and have already been here 4 times. My favorites are the Pad See-see and the Green fury with brown rice. My fiance has tried 4 different meals and loved them all. The staff is very friendly also!笑
Fantastic meal. Kind service. Thai style pad thai & chicken curry were fabulous. Also, the steamed tofu spring roll if you want apps!笑
It was good. I don't know if I would say great but it was good, plus it was local. We usually go up to Thai Thai cafe in Mooresville but wanted to try this new place.  It was a little pricey but the food was tasty. The best in Cornelius to be sure笑
Food has generally been great. I do feel it is pricey and they would do a lot more business if they lowered what they charged (my entree was $21). I ordered pick up and asked for rice noodles instead of rice and it was a three dollar upcharge for a tiny portion. They did not tell me it would be a three dollar upcharge when I placed the order and you think when I brought up the issue when I picked up the $75 order that they would have said "do not worry about it" but they exchanged it for brown rice. I will be making more Thai food at home using rice noodles that cost $1.29 for an entire bag. The food is very good.笑
I have eaten here 4 times, and have always been very pleased! The first that caught me when I walked in was the decor. It's beautiful inside and the environment was relaxing. The service was top notch, my water glass was never less than half full, and everyone was kind.  The food is amazing! My favorite Thai food in the area. I highly recommend.笑
Really upset that this place has 4 stars.  Very misguiding. Staff was sweet and the place was clean for the most part. 
The one star is for the food. We ordered cashew chicken and yellow curry with chicken. I'm not sure what we were served but it did not taste like chicken. And ever since my first bite my stomach has not stopped turning. 
When the server came by she didn't ask how our food was but asked if we wanted boxes since we hadn't touched our food and the plates were 99% full. After we told her no she just took the plates and brought our check. No questions like "was everything okay".  Nothing. 
On top of that their prices are out of line. $14.95 for curry... which is premade sauce and some vegetables. Really really disappointed in the $30 we wasted here tonight.笑
Great food, reasonable prices... Had several dishes and everyone from my party was very pleased. Will definitely be back when in Cornelius!!笑
This place just blows my mind I just thought that coming here was the coolest thing in the whole world the staff was great the food was good and I enjoyed everything that they had to offer I would definitely recommend this place.笑
Greatest Thai in the area, recommend the green curry, duck all prepared to perfection with enormous flavors, the freshest herbs and quality. Service is on point, quick and attentive without being overbearing. If you love Thai, you will love Thai House笑
Best oriental restaurant we have found. We like the two "best" oriental places in Charlotte on occasion, but Thai House has now replaced those without question.  We have been three times.  Each visit was better than the last.   House Fried Rice is cooked and seasoned to perfection and my wife, who lived in Singapore, swears that this food equals what she had there.  We will certainly be back very soon.笑
We go to the university location all the time so we are familiar with their offerings.  I think that the good was not up to the same standard as the university location.笑
Wonderfully prompt and friendly service, excellent food, and a chill ambience.  I hands down definitely recommend it.笑
My wife and I stopped by the Thai house in Cornelius for lunch today.  We both had pad krapraw.  The meal was great and the service was too.  If you are looking for Thai food in the Huntersville  / Cornelius area, this is the place to go.笑
We come here twice a week for this flavor train of food. Absolutely the best Pad Thai I have ever had. And the Staff always treat you like family笑
Great quality Thai food with natural flavor. No MSG. Very good service.  The location is a bit hidden in a closed Bi-Lo strip mall.笑
The best Thai food that I have found in Charlotte!  I have dined on multiple occasions and I have never been disappointed.   The environment is always comfortable and the staff is very friendly.笑
Love! Amazing food and great service! I was very pleased after coming here because I had a long day at work. Fresh food always tastes the best笑
This is a great break from all the sports bars in the area.  They do a great job with spices and if you like spicy go for any dish made with green curry sauce.笑
Posted hours til 3pm for lunch. Open sign was on. Walked in and they without even a greeting the girl up front said we are closing in 15 minutes, take it to go. We walked out. My parents used to own a restaurant. Customers were always welcome to come in during posted business hours, we never refused service. Seems like a bad business practice to me.笑
The interior was completely redone, and the food was delicious.  The BBQ duck was great.笑
Stopped here with my family while traveling over the holidays. We were pleasantly surprised. The food was absolutely delicious - from the soup to the pad Thai to my Thai tea. The pad Thai had that wonderful smokey flavor with the perfect amount of tanginess. We highly recommend.笑
I highly recommend their Chicken Pad Thai, extra spicy! I called in a to-go order that was ready in 10 minutes. It was still piping hot when I arrived home. Perfect combination of spice and a good amount of chicken. As an avid lover of Basil Thai, I am thrilled to find a local Thai place that is right on par!笑
Pad Thai is awesome tonight! The Kang Mas. Curry is also spectacular! Seriously,  best Thai around! I have been going to the university location for over 13 years and recently moved to lake Norman! So glad they have a location here now! Must try this place!笑
Very happy each time I come here.  Great steak salad this time, so good I'll try to duplicate at home.  Have had lemongrass tofu and other dishes and have been happy with all.笑
I stopped in here for lunch and enjoyed a delicious meal. Very clean,  complimentary soup, good lunch menu although short. I had the pad Thai and it was superb. The presentation was exceptional and I appreciated that they put my bean sprouts on the side without request.  That way they are crispy and not soggy. The chicken was perfect size and not greasy. And lunch came with a spring roll too (also fantastic). The spice was perfect,  not just red pepper flaked everywhere. Love it! I will be taking the wife here for dinner.笑
Came in for lunch on a Tuesday. Place was quiet, clean & nicely decorated. Our server was prompt and efficient but not exactly friendly. 

The soup starter served with the lunch special tasted like canned chicken broth with frozen peas & carrots and two tofu cubes. Def not made in-house. 

The red curry was super salty and had an odd smokey flavor I've never encountered before. Even more odd, it didn't taste like curry. On the plus side, the level of heat was good - not too mild or hot. 

The Thai Sweet & Sour was more like a Chinese stir fry. It was tempura chicken fried with some ordinary, undercooked veggies (carrots, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes) and then covered in sweet & sour sauce. 

Another server came by towards the end of our meal and refilled my glass with water which would have been great if I hadn't been drinking ginger ale. 

I got the impression that this restaurant buys a lot of prepared and/or frozen foods from restaurant supply stores and then tweaks it for their menu. 

The food was ok, but I'm disappointed we didn't get any Thai food at Thai House.笑
Small quaint Thai eatery in Cornelius w/very nice decor and extremely clean...we got wind of it via Groupon and loved it...I had the shrimp paid Thai and it was nothing short of amazing...he's not usually into Thai food but had the royal Thai curry and loved it...also the wait staff was very accommodating and professional..we will definitely be back!!笑
We usually eat at the one at university city.  Groupon brought us to this location.  We are a big fan of their pot stickers...not at this location...tough and chewy.  Next shrimp tempura...again tough and chewy.  Decided to lower our expectations about our entrees...pleasantly surprised.  Shrimp with eggplant delicious-sweet basil yum!  Shrimp and snow peas the freshest I've had in a long time!笑
Great service & food! Since moving to NC, my family has struggled to find good restaurants, particularly Thai food. Glad we found Thai House! We will definitely be back again.

My party ordered a bunch of different plates & shared family style. We started with a family favorite, Tom Kha soup. It was excellent. It was served without any spice in it, which is irregular, but not a big deal. We added several spoonfuls of sriracha, until we got the desired taste.

The rest of the meal consisted of Thai sweet & sour with chicken, red curry chicken, pad Thai with shrimp, & pad eggplant krapraw with beef. Each individual dish came with an egg roll. Everything was delicious! Each dish tasted fresh & full of flavor.

The bill was rather high, but that is not unusual with Thai restaurants.

Service was excellent! We took a while to finish our meal, & stayed till after closing. The staff was nice enough to stay open, & let us finish our food with no pressure to leave.笑
This new location is a great addition to the Thai House family.   The food is delicious and fresh. The  appetizers were great, especially the fresh rolls with shrimp and the chicken satays. The green papaya salad is fantastic, and can be ordered hot or mild. Curries and noodle dishes are great. The staff is very friendly.笑
My mother and I wanted to talk and have a nice dinner for once away from family and we ordered one dish as we were not as hungry. Now I will say I'm frugal when it comes to spending - Though I usually leave a 20-30% tip anywhere I go. We ordered, but the chicken and vegetarian options were the same price. Since I like chicken, and my mother is vegetarian I asked if they can do the Chicken on the side, he said "no problem." 

We get our dish with Chicken inside. -_- We tell the waitress and she fixes it.... We had our doubts that they just picked the chicken out and gave it back.... Which they did. 

At the end I went to pay - (with still a 23% tip). I told the man the experience I had and he replied with "People usually get two dishes when they don't want Chicken." I replied: "I had asked if he could do Chicken on the side.... You should have said no." He again replies with an irritating answer: "No one's ever asked before so I didn't know." Again I reply with "You should have said no. I could have lived without the chicken and your attitude." 

I regret giving them a tip. Their food is SO NOT worth the prices they're charging. I've been to much better Thai places than this who have reasonable prices for the same quality of food and better service. 

I go to the gym almost everyday right next door and I will not be going to Thai house anymore.笑
This is one of the only Thai places I have found that is close of food you will actually get in Thailand. The staff is friendly! Pad Kee Mow, Pad Thai, and Rice Soup (obsessed) are all amazing. Order the Pad Thai "thai" style for a brown sauce. The only complaint is the heat is inconsistent, it just depends on who is working that night. 4 stars is generally full of heat and delicious, on occasion it has been on the mild side. Not to worry though, the staff will bring a little bowl of fresh chopped Thai chilis to spice it up if needed.  This has become a once a week habit, and a nice surprise in suburbia.笑
We moved from DC areas and we just wanted to try out this place. Food is delicious  and I think Pad Thai & curry are great. We will be back笑
Lunch is great! Pad Thai is on point, Kai Cashew is a favorite, and the curries are amazing.  The only problem is I order the same level of hot/spice, but it comes out different every time.  Half the time it's not spicy at all, half the time its way too spicy.笑
My wife and I were frequent diners at the Thai House's university location when we both worked in that area so we were delighted to discover that they were opening a new location close to home. 
It is located in a small strip mall behind Starbucks on W. Catawba Ave.
We stopped in for lunch yesterday to see if they were as good as the other location and we were not disappointed. All meals start off with a complementary bowl of soup which is always very good. Both of us ordered our favorite Pad Thai, "Thai style". Make sure you order it this way! It is a bit different from the traditional Pad Thai on their menu. It is served with bean sprouts, sugar, red pepper flakes, chopped peanuts and a lime wedge all on the side, so you can add as much or little as you like according to your taste. In my opinion, this is the most flavorful dish I have had in any restaurant, anywhere! I love it that much! Oh yeah, they serve it with one of the best spring rolls you will ever taste. Always crispy on the outside and full of flavor. 
Do yourself a favor and try them out. I know I will be a regular from now on.笑
I didn't like there pad thai was too sour the only thing that was good is  their curry.笑
I stopped in for lunch just over a week ago on my 30 minute lunch.  Over all, the experience was just okay. I got a table straight away and the speed of service was good.  The waiter remembered my lemon for my water (a plus) and the soup that came with their lunch service was good.  It actually was better than a lot of other restaurants as it wasn't just broth with a random carrot or two floating in it.  I selected cashew chicken for my entrée.  Definitely sweeter than it should be and absolutely no heat and minimal spice.  It had some components of traditional Thai cashew chicken dishes I have eaten, but it was more akin to Chinese food than Thai food flavor wise.  On a positive note, the do offer 10% off your first order if you download their app.  They almost always have a Groupon available as well, but it is for dinner only.  I so wanted to L-O-V-E this place as it is right near my job, but alas the hunt continues for great Thai food in Cornelius.笑
Just moved to the area and my husband and I went and it was the best Thai food we have ever had. The staff is so so nice. It is crazy clean and it's just a really nice atmosphere. The food is very affordable. It's decorated so nicely. We will definitely be back soon! Well done!笑
The first time I ate here to the latest the food is always on point, good service, nice atmosphere. Enjoying sampling the menu.笑
Awesome Thai food... The best around.  Yellow Curry is great!  My wife and I love Thai food and were hoping a good restaurant would open in Cornelius, and now it has.  We will definitely be returning.笑
Ordered Thai Iced Tea, Green Papaya Salad and Spinach Chicken Pot Stickers. The iced tea was exceptional, but the papaya salad was way too spicy and wet. I've had better green papaya salads in other thai restaurants and was hoping I'll get to taste something similar here. And the pot stickers looked like wantons, I wanted something like dumplings/pot stickers. But otherwise, food is good, just that I've had better and hence, average rating.笑
At one point when I first moved to Charlotte I was eating here about once a week. Pad Thai and Pad Krawpaw are flavorful and delicious. If you're not in to spicy food, make sure you tell them "no" or "lite" spice. "Medium" spice can be a little heavy handed, so make sure to specify on anything you order.

The soup they serve during brunch hours is also amazing. It's a plain palette cleansing soup, but I love it.笑
Food is good, but u must arrive 1.5 hour before the closing time. Kitchen closes at 1 hour before closing time. If its closing time you HAVE to leave. Else host will stair at u and ask you to eat fast!笑
Love this place!  Service is friendly, food is fresh, they get you in and out quickly. It's good solid Thai food, not gourmet but very good.笑
Some of the best Thai in Charlotte. Massaman Curry is amazing. So glad they opened a location on my street!笑
I stopped into have lunch at the Thai House at Lake Norman.  What a treat!  I ordered Pad Thai and it was the best I've had.  Service is friendly and  quick but definitely not " fast food Thai."  I will go back.笑
Very sorry to report this. Store has sign out front stating that they are open, yet door locked with little sign saying closed. They lost this customer笑
Excellent service and high quality food.
We ordered the steamed spring rolls, chicken pad Thai and unsweetened ice tea. The ice tea was better than some Starbucks teas. It was a fresh blend with a hint of Jasmine. A nice compliment to our meal.笑
By far and away the best THAI that I have ever eaten!. Beautiful presentation, delicious, crisp veggies, fabulous seafood or curry, delectable sauces. The wait staff are attentive and knowledgeable and the ambiance is very comfortable and lovely. I take my family and friends there often.笑
Amazing food, service, and ambiance! Best Thai food ever! The iced tea has steeped jasmine in it, delicious if you're into trying something new! We ordered Red Curry, Larb Salad, Cucumber Salad, Pot Stickers, Fried Spring Rolls, and Mango Sticky Rice and they were seriously all five stars!!! New favorite Thai in the area- oh and all fresh house made ingredients with white meat chicken!