Wow.  So good as we where in the mood to try something different and a local restaurant not a chain. Yelp said this was the best and I truly was. We had the combo pizza and spicy buffalo chicken wings delivered. Both were perfect.  A large pizza is a lot for three people so maybe get the smaller one unless you have more than three.Ǿ
I recently ordered pizza for delivery from Ice Cream & Pizza Works, I found the entire experience to be fairly average. The staff was very friendly on the phone and the delivery took about an hour to an hour and a half (which was fitting, given that it was a Saturday night.) I found that the crust could have been crunchier, with more chew to it and the tomato sauce was a little too sweet for my taste. I must say, I am a bit of a pizza snob, I come from Connecticut where New Haven/New York style pizza was invented. I think that cheese could have had more stretch to it, it didn't taste like absolutely fresh mozzarella. All in all, it was pretty good but it certainly isn't my favorite place.Ǿ
Was pretty good. The large is really big not like some shops (mamas for example) that sell you an extra large when it's barely a large. There stuffed pizza was nice but I would probably request extra sauce on the side as it's a tad dry. We will try it again I'm sure as the kids enjoyed it and they deliver far away.Ǿ
My tastebuds love this Italiano flavor offered from this restaurant. My and I have had the pizza, wings, ice cream, sausage roll, garlic knots. Everything here is good and fresh. My I need a quick fix for a Great Calzone spot. Reminds me of home back in NJ. Yes I will be back.Ǿ
Got pizza there for the first time it was horrible usually get pizza from Charlotte New York Pizza and it's amazing. For one the pizza I got was raw still feel the dough when I chewed the pizza and that's not the worse part the sauce was sweet so sweet it tasted like sugar not red sauce. This pizza is to expensive for the quality you get. There's nothing else in Waxhaw to get pizza so no wonder pizza order here.Ǿ
Fantastic food and the service was exceptional.  I had the chicken parm sub,  delicious,  and the girls had hamburger pizza and pepperoni roll that were both awesome.  Thinking about going back today!Ǿ
Not great in the flavor department. Will keep on searching for a good pizza restaurant...Ǿ
Best pizza in Waxhaw! Definitely worth the 45+ minute wait for carry out. Soooo yummy!Ǿ
We recently got another take out from Pizza & Ice Cream Works and thought this pizza was much tastier than the last one. The service here is quick and people are friendly. We will definitely be going back.Ǿ
Very good pizza but also very expensive. Not sure this would be a regular pizza stop because of that. Friendly people.Ǿ
The best, freshest Pizza you can get in this town! Domino's and pizza Hut are a joke compared to this place. It also always has the yummiest ice cream that my daughter loves so much! All of the food is so full of fresh flavor and taste, you can definitely tastes the authenticity without a doubt.Ǿ
First time at the new location. Very spacious inside.  Everything we ordered was delicious - pizza roll is HUGE and loaded with cheese, pizza and hot chicken parm sub were yummy. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Rest rooms very clean. Can't wait til they bring back the lunch buffet!Ǿ
We usually pick up from here, but decided to dine in this time around. Cosy, family-owned restaurant, with open space. Incredible service (server was very nice and she was on top of everything). We ordered their bow-tie pasta with alfredo sauce and it was absolutely delicious. We also ordered their veggie and cheese pizza. I've to say this is one of the best tasting pizza in town (including Charlotte). Very impressive. The only thing we always have to tell them is easy on the cheese, which may not be a problem for others. Their ice cream selection, and taste, is pretty darn good, too.Ǿ
Really great pizza (a lot of variety) and the service is very helpful and friendly.  Really tasty appetizers as well (excellent pesto).  They also have a nice selection of ice cream and toppings.  We're there a lot and it's been a great experience every time.Ǿ
A solid 3.5 ...not a fan of their pizza as the sauce is just too sweet for my liking. My husband likes it, but I am a little pickier when it comes to pizza. The service is friendly and I enjoyed it better the second time around when I ordered a sub. They have decent prices and deliver farther out to our neighborhood so I would order again, just not if I am in the mood for pizza.Ǿ
Ordered four pizzas for delivery at the neighborhood pool. The arrived on time, hot and tasted great. Best pizza that I have had in this area. The large is truly a large, unlike others who have shrunk the size of a large to a medium size.Ǿ
Tremendous! For starters, the people are pretty cool. Beers were served cold, pizza was great... I mean, really... What else do you want? Good service, cold beer, and yummy pizza? Winner!
I didn't have the ice cream but it looks good too.
My only suggestion is they should change the name to "Ice Cream, Pizza Works, and Beer"Ǿ
The Red Moon pizza is where it is at! We've tried many menu options (all are good) but we always come back to this pie. Try it you'll love it.Ǿ
Yummy! Best Pizza in Waxhaw. Great little family-run business. Reasonable prices & in a nice, new place.