A nice little sushi place in uptown Toronto, near Yonge and Eglinton (Ave E), next to the Yorkville club.

This place serves very tasty Japanese food - Sushi, Sashimi, Maki, rolls, curry, teriyaki, salads, gyoza, tempura, chirashi etc. and a large variety of seafoods etc.

If you opt for a buffet, just pencil in whatever you want to eat from a list given to you, and will be served to you one by one... until you say, I'm full... though in small quantities, the variety fills you quickly

You can also opt for "special brown rice", which is supposed to be healthier than the white (I have not seen this brown rice in any other sushi places). They also have "white meat" chicken teriyaki. 

For takeout, they have this Special Bento Box (all day) for $7.99, which comes with various dishes including hot soup and 6 pieces of sushi... you won't get such a full n'tasty meal anywhere around at this price. 

They also have "Japanese Wine and Beer", which is really good, imo!

Nice beautiful Japanese waitresses, they are so silent that you won't even notice them waiting next to you for the orders ;-)

Small, but overall cool place!笑
Scary: urinal (literally and continuously) overflowing in an un-heated bathroom, and it had obviously been going on for more than a few hours.笑
Remember that old theater just east of Yonge st on Eglinton? No. Remember the moon landings? No. Anyway, just beyond that memory is a little ground floor sushi place. It's one of those "all you can eat" places where you pick the items you want on a little slip of paper. Weekend/holiday prices are about $18.00 and lower prices on off times.

I've previously reviewed one (Mariko) at Bloor/Bathurst so that's my "first James Bond" by which I guess I judge other "all you can tick off on a little piece of paper" places. You can read the review here:

http://www.yelp.ca/biz/mariko-japanese-restaurant-toronto-2

I found Mariko to be, at times, an exercise of handing over a $20 and then ticking off items. Your ticking activity has only a passing relation to what you get on your plate. It seems you only get the items the chef is in a mind to prepare. To boot, Mariko's service is slow and inattentive (probably owing to the place being moderately popular and severely under staffed).

Sushi Star, in contrast, is a breath of fresh wasbi. Service is attentive, friendly, the staff positively beams at you. The restaurant is new, clean, and inviting.

The little tick sheet menu has a better selection of sashimi (4 kinds at Sushi Star vs 2 at Mariko). There's just something I love about putting nice hunks of raw fish in my mouth without rice, avocado, and nori getting in the way. Not that I don't like sushi rolls either.

Mariko does, however, have more specialty rolls on their tick sheet. I guess if you're into the specialty rolls (I find them mostly uninspired, bothersome, and usually just plain stupid combinations) then maybe Sushi Star is less of an appeal.

The only down side is I didn't entirely like the way they prepared their rice. I found it a bit crunchy, like lower grade grocery store sushi rice. It might have been an off night. It might have been a style of rice I'm not familiar with. 

Bottom line: I'd go back. I'll be back. Great service. Good fish.