There's a lot of hype around Portuguese chicken, as though piri piri sauce elevates chicken to nirvana. Relax with the piri piri hype, ok? Torino's started the whole grilled chicken boom in Montreal, and they are the best in the downtown core. If I'm catching a movie upstairs, this is the only place I care to eat. It's definitely the best place in the food court.Ǿ
If you're one of those lost souls who work downtown and wander around haplessly on their lunch breaks through the underground maze of generic food court options, save yourself some grief and head over to Torino. They're one of the only food court joints that don't make my soul feel empty. Their chicken is juicy and full of flavour, portions are large and as for sides, you can choose from one of their many salads and/or rice and potatos!

Just make sure to chew gum after 'cause you definitely don't want to show up at that one o'clock meeting smelling like their deliciously potent garlic sauce!Ǿ
Best food ever great service always fresh and price is reasonable not to mention the portion size is huge!Ǿ
I was pleasantly surprised by this place! I got the chicken plate, the chicken was juicy and the garlic potatoes were some of the best I've ever had! The combo came out to aboht 13$ which is decent and the portions were very generous!Ǿ
Lately the waiters behind the counter just enjoys bothering and making mockeries and bad jokes on costumers, the jokes are really  disrespectful.
 I'm not going back there , and a lot of people i know felt the same way... disgusting  thuggish behaviour  .Ǿ
This "restaurant" is great if you like burnt food!!! I ordered a demi-club sandwich that took 20minutes??? Then the server asked me twice what I ordered I told him I wanted salad instead of fries and he didn't really pay attention, which showed in the sandwich which wasn't a demi order and the bottom-- which he tried to hide was totally burnt. Got two bites down and then decided to not eat it at all, kinda sad when you consider you can go to fast food place downtown that has better quality standards and are faster and friendlier. --
Too bad first time trying this place and it was a Epic FAIL!!!Ǿ
For a food court, this is some of the best food you can get, forget that, this is just great food. Portuguese style BBQ, the chicken is succulent, juicy, and perfect every time. 

This is in the food court below simons, and the scotia bank cinema.