We started with the meso platter and pita which was  good but not outstanding and i prefer my dolmades with bechemel or hollandaise ...not a tomato sauce..i had chicken souvlaki...the salad was watery, soggy and not tasty at all 1 olive 1 piece of tomato....the rice ...also no flavour and luke warm...the chicken had a weird texture... probably IQF..My Husband had the lamb souvlaki and while he enjoyed his lamb he had the same complaint with salad and rice..disappointed because the reviews sounded good...was busy so expected much better..we'll try somewhere else next time笑
So, I received a gift card for Pan on the Danforth. Excited for the gift and excited for the food, it took me a few months to decide who to take. A gracious friend had offered to take care of my cat while I was on vacation, so he totally deserved to be taken out for a fabulous meal. 

The décor was classic and the lighting was dim. The large windows provided some much needed natural light(for taking photos of food, of course!). Luckily, it wasn't busy that night, so we didn't need reservations, but as the meal went on it was filling up. Glad we went early.  

They had a delightful prix fixe menu that made it an easy choice. For appetizers, we went with Floured Calamari and Kolokithokeftedes(zucchini croquettes). As advertised, the calamari was tender and lightly battered. The croquettes have rekindled my taste for zucchini. They were cheesier than expected and my friend wished he had got them after trying mine. We're 2 for 2, so far! 

We both chose the same entrée, Kota kai Aginares(Artichokes with Chicken). We wanted to keep the cheesy goodness from the app going. Each bite was a surprise as all of the chicken and veggies were smothered in melted cream cheese and feta. It was slow cooked, so the spices went right through and the chicken melted in your mouth. Not a huge portion, but was the perfect amount. It was rich! 3 for 3! 

Dessert time! After all of that cheese, we needed something sweet to cleanse the palette. He selected Ravani and I went with the Greek Yogurt. The traditional Greek cake with honey and almonds was soaked in honey syrup. It was sweet, but not overpowering. The yogurt was thick, creamy and exactly what I needed after that kind of meal. Looks like we're batting 1000! 

The service was prompt and polite. She was sympathetic to those having trouble making a decision, but, when asked, she was happy to let you know her favourites. Nothing wrong with some help with a grumbly tummy. 

I loved this place. The staff were welcoming and food was damn good. This is a restaurant I can guarantee I'll be back to!笑
If you're craving authentic Greek food, which might or might not involve meat products, Pan On the Danforth is a great option. We had a non-meat platter with hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush and salad on a hot July day and it was the best choice we could've made. The food was fresh and super tasty. The staff was attentive, even though they asked me to put my gyro from a restaurant across the street in my bag or finish eating it outside. I complied and left the restaurant to finish my gyro outside. Despite that little nuisance, I still enjoyed their food.

The decor is really nice too. It looks really beautiful in the evening. Quite a spot for a romantic date. Ditch the Greek fast-food chains, which serve sub-par food and come check out real authentic Mediterranean food at Pan On the Danforth. I doubt that you will regret it.笑
Incredibly food! Beautiful store! Friendly staff! Make a reservation ! Live entertainment on the weekends! What else could you ask for? This was they way it use to be! Restaurants should all take noted from this place. You can tell when the ownership has pride in what they do! Keep up the good work!笑
We went here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and we were very pleased with our experience. The food was delicious  and the service is very good. I like how the owners themselves socialize with their guests and makes sure that everyone is having a nice dining experience. Would definitely recommend this to anyone.笑
Oh ma gawd.

My evening at the Pan on the Danforth was brilliant and perfect from start to finish. It didn't even bother me that it was garbage night and the night aroma whilst walking back to our car was laden with the stench of rotting food.

I am enamoured with all things Greek, especially their food. It is a must for me to find a Greek restaurant in every city I visit.

Heavens to Murgatroyd, there's an entire Greek district in Toronto? Ohmylanta.

My friend who works for the Four Seasons called a colleague to find out what the best resto is in the Danforth 500s area. She whittled it down to two (I forget the other) and we chose the Pan for its cozy, quiet atmosphere.

I picked a glass of the house boutari, while my friend opted for pineapple juice. She is celiac and must have everything gluten-free. Our server was happy to accommodate her in every way, shape and form.

Our massive Greek salads were presented with such flourish -- big circles of fresh red, yellow and green peppers, huge chunks of tomato and cucumber, and one large triangle slice of feta.

Totally delightful.

We each passed over the Summerlicious menu, going straight the souvlaki plates. I chose the lamb, as I always do at Greek restos. It was seared to medium-rare perfection ... almost melting in my mouth with its youthful, sheepish wiles.

The plate was heaped with lemon-roasted potatoes, rice and seasonal, roasted veggies.

We were full but our server suggested we cap our nights with a tea, offering to make mine iced. My pot of brewed tea came with the honey already in it and all I had to do was pour it into my glass. Oh and she brought us a pair of honey balls, on the house.

The food was sublime and the service was top class. I wholeheartedly recommend the Pan on the Danforth.笑
Really disappointed at our recent visit.  I spoke to Chris and requested a table for 6 in a quiet area.  When we entered the restaurant, there was a funky smell.  We were seated in a very crowded area that was near the bar and entrance.  We found it very difficult to get to our seat without bumping into the people at the side of us.  Three of us ordered the Lemon Grouper Fillet from the Panlicious Dinner Menu.  The fish was not at all fresh and was hard with no taste whatsoever.  The service was good and fast but the food was terrible.  The restaurant was very quick to charge us a Gratiuty of $29.88 for a bill that came to $187.58!!!!!  That was definitely more than any of our meals.  My family is definitely not going to Pan on the Danforth ever again笑
My friend and I chose this restaurant from the many because they had their extended Summerlicious prix fixe on the menu. They offered more options than most restaurants and were very accomodating to my friend's gluten allergy. We had a couple of servers waiting on us and they were all very friendly attentive. 
The food was delicious! We shared the trio dips and mussels to start, then chicken souvlaki and plaki fish and finished with their gluten free dessert options of fig ice cream and chocolate torte. 
I must say, what would bring me back to this restaurant was the service. We really felt like we were at a friend or relative's home with the way they tended to us. Even when the gentleman cleared our entree plates he made a joke how he was happy that we cleared our plates (nearly licked them clean).
One suggestion to the owners is to put a house wine on the menu with a glass and half litre at a featured price. We were expecting the wine to be cheaper so it was a bit of a let down when we saw that the minimum price for a glass was $8. Don't get me wrong I know it isn't very expensive, but we were really hoping to down a couple of glasses with out killing our pocketbook. 
All in all though, I would recommend it to others and visit again in the future. 

p.s. The fig ice cream was to die for. A must try for sure!笑
We went to this restaurant during Geek festival, so it was our first time to dine-in at Pam. We were expected to have a great experience at Pam based on the review in Yelp. We ordered Tirokafteri, grilled octopus and Souvlaki with the help of their waitress. 

However, we felt that food quality is average and service is no better than other restaurants nearby Pam. On top of that, we got 18% of automatic gratuity on the bill.

I will never go back to Pam again because of this unreasonable automatic gratuity.笑
This old stalwart is a good bet for a nice dinner on the Danforth. Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious. Bonus: they had two live musicians and a sword-wielding belly dancer!

Some things we ordered and enjoyed:

Thin-crust grilled pita and assorted dips - super tasty
Chicken livers - great (and a huge portion)
Traditional Greek egg/lemon/chicken/dill soup - huge and absolutely awesome!
Catch of the day (it was a whole red snapper for $32.95, which we asked them to de-bone and filet) - lovely and fresh

Nice spot.笑
My parents were in town, so we did some research to find a good place for dinner. We picked Pan's for dinner, and we left with big smiles and zero regrets.

The smell of the food takes over you immediately and is intoxicating. The place is cozy (although I'll admit the music was a bit odd and the TV is tacky), and the service consistently prompt and courteous.

Everything made fresh and everything delicious. The cook on all of the proteins was perfect. We couldn't stop eating, and we're basically rolling around on the floor now gripping our bellies, asking why why why did we eat so much. But how could we say no?

It's rare to find a place that can satisfy a group of five picky people with high expectations. We weren't left wanting anything except room for more.

UPDATE: We just ate the leftovers in the same night.笑
I love Pan on the Danforth! As somebody who recently moved to Toronto from Montreal's Mile End neighbourhood (traditionally one of the centres of Montreal's large Greek community), I was on the prowl for a great Greek place in Hogtown.

Pan on the Danforth did not disappoint! Whether it was the atmosphere (we're talking belly dancers and live music) to the amazing tableside service, I instantly felt totally at home. The food was delicious, fresh, and piping hot. I cannot wait to go back, probably will for Winterlicious!

5/5笑
BEST greek restaurant on the Danforth hands down! Nice cozy, ambient atmosphere and the food is insanely delicious. Get the trilogy dip spread along with the Exohiko (chicken rosemary pie). Amazing service, perfect place for a date or a fun family dinner as well. Traditional dishes and classic favourites along with many ones that will surprise you :)笑
A great little place in the heart of Greek town.
I came for a Christmas lunch with my co-workers and was not disappointed. Friendly service and the food is delicious.
I'm always big on service since it usually makes your dining experience that much better. And this restaurant did not disappoint!笑
It's been a couple years since going to anything Summerlicious oriented, and decided to do it through a type of food we don't go out for often (mediterranean), in an area we never explore (the Danforth).
We made reservations and got a table for 2 right along the front glass window which allowed us to take in a bit more of the neighbourhood as well as the interior of the restaurant. 2 walls are almost entirely comprised of filled wooden wine racks. The other wall had a warm wood styling which gave the entire place a very warm and welcoming yet slightly higher end feel.

We order and the food begins rolling out at a decent pace. I had the lamb shank which was well prepared but I wasn't big on the orzo pasta it was served on. Points for originality though. Everything else that we ate was richly prepared and made for a really impressive meal at the price offered. 

No beer on tap (I get it, the attraction is wine here), but the service is on point and friendly for the most part, especially given how busy it was.  Some people may also not like the 15% automatically added on but I'm sure Summerlicious does bring out the cheapos and they do say something along the lines of "mandatory gratuity" on the menu. All in all, a Summerlicious success.笑
Normally I'd view live entertainment at a restaurant as a gimmick to make up for subpar food or exorbitant pricing.  Not so at Pan's.  The food is done well, with traditional greek dishes, dressed up just a little.  The flavours are fresh and the huge portion sizes make it a great value.  On top of that the service amazingly friendly.  We came on a busy friday night with no reservations, ate at the bar, and had a wonderful evening.笑
I had the vegetarian moussaka and it was marvellous; it had a notably creamy white sauce and the egg plant was well prepared and spiced. I also order calamari for an appetizer. There was a single calamari ring for every dollar it cost, and the plate was poorly dressed, so it felt over-priced for what it was. I had the baklava for dessert; it was nutty and delicious. As for service, it was good: one of the waitresses is eccentric in the best way possible, so it made for a pleasant experience.笑
Pan on the Danforth does a $15 set lunch and $25 set dinner for Winterlicious. We tried out the $25 set dinner and were not disappointed.

This place is right next to Ouzeri (my usual Greek go-to during Winter/Summerlicious) but I was intrigued by Pan's unique menu so decided it was time to give it a try.

The restaurant is beautifully decorated with a gorgeous interior. Simply sexy. Really hot date spot for sure.

The service here was fantastic. Much better than Ouzeri, I admit. I could find no fault. The food came out fast, the waitress knew everything about each dish and there was a constant stream of serving staff topping up our wine, water and clearing our plates.

The food was presented in more of a fine dining style than most of the other Greek restaurants who aim for big portion size over nice presentation.

I had the mussels for a starter and they were disappointing. They were "tough" and I had a hard time getting them off the shells for the most part. Not impressed. My dad had the fried calamari and it was not great either. (Ouzeri next door has AWESOME calamari). Others at my table tried "Kolokithokeftedes" - zucchini croquettes - which were much nicer. 

My entree made up for the shoddy appetizer. Kakavia - a Greek traditional seafood dish of shrimp, mussels, salmon, calamari, scallops, and onion in a tomato wine sauce. YES! Delicious.

For dessert I had the Loukoumades - Greek honey balls. SO RICH AND HEAVY. Phenomenal. I am already fantasizing about the next time I get to eat those.

Pan also has live Greek music every evening (check their schedule) as well as bellydancing. I didn't get to see either but it sounds cool!笑
I came here with my friend who lives in the 'hood.  Funny enough, she didn't think of this place when I asked her for suggestions. We only came in because it was packed! I equate a packed restaurant with good food. And it did not disappoint.

I ordered the chicken santorini and it was succulent. It came with roasted veggies and they were equally delicious. My friend ordered the filet mignon and she also expressed her satisfaction with the meal.

The service was good and efficient, and they did not rush us out of the venue.  I don't like the decor because the colours chosen and candelabra made it seem very dark. However, it is a lovely restaurant where everyone is busily chatting away and enjoying their meal, that you lose yourself in this environment and you too have a great dining experience.笑
With all the raving reviews from fellow Yelp'ers, my expectations for this place was quite high. With the Danforth, I find that a lot of restaurants have similar menus for similar prices with very little difference in quality.

I came in on a Saturday afternoon with two friends. My Dining Companions ordered from the Summerlicious menu and I ordered from their regular menu.

Service was excellent. It was a scorching hot day and we were machines when it came to drinking water. Our server was constantly at our table refilling our glasses with water. I was impressed with her attentive service.

The food was a-ok. I ordered the grilled calamari appetizer. It was a generous portion and was served over a bed of greens, onions, and feta cheese. The squid was just grilled; mixing it with the items under it was necessary to add taste. I didn't try any of what my DC's ordered, but I thought the portions were way too big - to the point of not being able to enjoy it.

I truly enjoyed looking at the decor of the place. It's eclectic and reminds you of being in a little taberna in Greece.

When you go, I highly recommend sharing a main entree or ordering an appetizer as your main meal. If you've been on a hunger strike for a few days, however, order a main entree all for yourself. Next time, I'd like to try the desserts.

A solid 4 star ~笑
The food here is always good and the servers are always so friendly. The pita bread they give you while you wait for the food is to die for! The lamb shank is so tasty and just falls off the bones!笑
If you're a big fan of Greek food, don't ruin your taste buds at this place. The food smells like a rotten boot, not to mention looks like it too. The servers attitude, this blonde curly haired woman was a nightmare to top off my horrible experience here. I wish I could spartan-kick this place to Hell. I'm pretty surprised this place is included on the summerlicious list of restaurants to go to. They didn't cook our food right, the servers make you want to go to jail for a thrown fist or two. Go across the street and dish out your money at The Pantheon instead.笑
Review for the $15 prix fixe lunch:

The place was mostly empty, and I was seated only after a few minutes of standing inside waiting without anyone attending to me. Finally someone came in from outside, and asked if I've been taken care of? No, I hadn't. 

My order:

Appetizer: Gigantes (fava beans braised in tomato sauce) with pita...
- the Gigantes dish tasted like it came from a can -- a Chef Boy-Ar-Dee can -- as in, the sauce had an "industrial processed sauce" taste (at least the fava beans tasted like beans). 

Entree: baked fish (grouper) on mashed potatoes with asparagus
- cooked properly, but tasted bland overall. 

Dessert: cut bits of baklava over a slice of pineapple drizzled with honey and whipped cream
- pretty tasty, in a trashy dessert (but still good) kinda way

Service was mediocre and slow. 

I'd rather pay a bit more for the prix fixe and have it be great food and great experience, and good value, instead of $15 for a disappointing meal. With so many other great restos on the Danforth, I would not return to Pan.笑
Went here on Christmas Eve with my mom and had a lovely meal. The place was beautifully decorated for the season. The servers were all very friendly (especially the female bartender - full of personality). I splurged on what I wanted so it ended up being quite pricey, but my mom ordered off the fixed price menu and that was a much better value lol. I had a creamy shrimp dish on orzo pasta which was amaaaazing, along with a dip to start (spicy feta) which didn't disappoint either. The bartender graciously made me a fancy coffee after dinner with a fresh pot of decaf (so nice!). The only misstep was dessert - I got custard with filo pastry and my mom got a custard cake and both were quite bland and unmemorable. But I'm still thinking about that shrimp dish, so that's impressive.笑
This is, hands-down, one of the top 3 Greek restaurants on the Danforth.  The food is authentic and amazing, the ambiance is exactly what you'd find in upscale places in Thessaloniki and Athens, and with the price-fix menu - it is also affordable (not so much in a-la-carte).

The service is Greek-style; if you've been to Greece - you know what I mean.  Don't come here if you are in a rush to go somewhere else afterwards.  I personally like it.  Enough with rushed servers who are in your face every five minutes.  

Some food highlights (but everything is good!): three-dips calamari, moussaka, saganaki, lamb.

This is as close to Greece as you will get in Toronto.  If you don't like it, then you have some weird ideas about Greece/Greeks/Greek cuisine that are not realistic :)笑
My first time in Greektown Toronto, somehow I always end up in Chinatown or Richmond Hill.

Pan had an appealing look from the street, so after a glance at the menu we ventured in.

Festive glass ball Christmas ornaments dangling from a faux tin ceiling.  Lightly swaying as the waiter rushes by, I'd be tempted to keep them up all year

We inquired about getting a prix fix menu and sharing it.  Our Robert DeNiro look alike (although shorter and not quite as handsome) discourages it with a scowl.

So we order off the menu:
Avegolomono, a chicken lemon and rice soup, the best I've ever had, even including the version from Greek family I used to work for--sorry Liz, I cannot tell a lie.

Saganaki - the flaming cheese appetizer--mainly because we are in Greektown and I can't resist.  It's the flames, it's the OOMPAH!!!  It was too much food!

Lamb entree on orzo,the tomato based sauce was a bit strong for me, but it could be just me, the lamb was tender,

No Dessert for us.

The restaurant filled up as we were eating, a mix of tourists and regulars it seemed.

As I thought back.  We should have just ordered the Prix Fix, rather than asking.

They would have gotten one more star from me.笑
This was the last restaurant I tried for Summerlicious 2013, after trying to find a lower end place that's not an Italian restaurant. The interior was a lot dimmer than I thought, which I guess contributed to the good atmosphere of this place.

My table of five shared the appetizers: Sesame Baked Feta, Kolokithokeftedes, Gigantes Plaki, Mydia Santorini, and Floured Calamari. The positives were the baked feta, kolokithokeftedes, and floured calamari, while the mydia santorini and the gigantes plaki disappointed us.

I had the Kakavia as my main course. There was definitely a lot more calamari than the fettuccine pasta, but unfortunately there was also too much sauce compared with the pasta. This created that mushy feeling with the pasta, and I didn't enjoy it as much as I wanted. The calamari and scallops were good, the shrimp was okay, but the mussels were once again disappointing.

My dessert was the milfei, which really was nothing special.

One thing I like about this place was the performance that started around 7:45pm. Having a Greek bellydancer around the restaurant does give the Greek feeling, and really it's what many European restaurants do in order to attract customers.

Service was passable, but there were points (especially where we wanted water refills) where our server went missing.笑
DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! Unless you like having a violent case of food poisoning! We were a party of eight and WE ALL GOT SICK! But that's not the end of it - the service was dreadful. We waited forever and it wasn't even busy. When we finally did get served, our orders got screwed up. Plus, a couple of friends of mine went there for lunch a while back and not only did they also get terrible service and screwed up orders as well, but they got ripped off on the wine. They ordered a half liter of what is usually just a run-of-the-mill wine and were horrified to find that it cost them $30!!!! So diner beware. You have been warned. The Danforth has many other better eateries by far and you won't spend the next two days in your bathroom, feeling like you-know-what.

If you don't mind being unpleasantly surprised by insane wine prices or deathly ill, then by all means......eat here.笑
Amazing Greek food. Highly recommend. The food was amazing and so was the atmosphere of being on the Danforth.笑
Been here at least a dozen times, great fish, awesome vegetarian moussaka, Scott plays great music, the place has a warm family vibe. Love it.笑
We had Summerlicious reservations for 2. I ordered the trio appetizers: awesome pita, good spreads. Wife had vine leaves: good, not great. 1-0 for me.  Entree, I had the steak, medium rare, came out fine. Nice sides, good colour and textures. Wife had the lamb shank with orzo pasta.  She says that while they are great separately, they were a bit boring together- not enough variety of flavours and texture on her plate. I won that round also.  Desert offerings were a but slim  and too sweet.  She had honey balls, and I had the custard in the pastry offering.  Good enough, but not eye rolling in the back of your head good.  

Also, just to give everyone fair warning: we were charged the gratuity on the bill.  There were only 2 of us and we ordered a bottle of wine.  We thought that was a bit odd.

And speaking of wine, they let us have a tasting of the wine we were thinking of ordering. That was a nice service.  

Good, not great. But we will come back for another try next time.  Solid 3 star.笑
3.5 stars 

 I came here with a friend for dinner. We had a 6:30 reservation but arrived a bit early.
Luckily it wasn't too busy yet so they were able to seat us after a couple of minutes. We had a nice corner table, which I liked since most of the tables seemed to be right in the thick of things. 
It started out as being fairly quiet (aside from the 4 random and very loudly played 50 cent for birthdays (which was actually pretty hilarious), but when the belly dancer was performing the music was obnoxiously loud. Afterwards they had a nice mellow guitar and pianist playing.
It was really enjoyable music from that point on. 
As for the food - well, they were great with the gluten free and were able to tell me exactly what I could and couldn't have.
Most of the sauces had flour, but I was able to order chicken souvlaki (sans potatoes), a beet salad (the beets were INCREDIBLE) and a flourless chocolate cake for dessert. I did the prix fixe menu for $25 and it was definitely worth it. The chicken souvlaki was amazing and the fresh tzatziki was out of this world! The flourless cake wasn't actually on the prix fixe menu but my friend wanted a dessert that was, so she ordered the flourless and we swapped. I don't know why only select desserts were on the prix fixe menu, because all desserts on the menu were the same price ($6).
My only real issue with the restaurant was that we were essentially kicked out at 9. We hadn't been told upon booking (or even when we were seated) that they had a time limit on Saturday nights. We were out for dinner but also for a nice visit and it wasn't so nice being booted out. We were told around 8:40 that we needed to be done and out in 20 minutes. It was a very ugly ending to a great dinner. Pretty disappointed. The food was great and the service was too, but I doubt we will be returning after the way we were asked to vacate our table for the next round of guests.笑
Organized a birthday dinner here, and I'm surprised at the previous bad reviews. Service was fabulous as was the live music and belly dance on a friday night. Got up to dance a little with the belly dancer - fun, fun!

Enjouyed the zucchini starter the most - amazing cheese flavour. Good mussels too for the starter. Everyone enjoyed their mains, including the lamb souvlaki, chicken souvlaki and sea food with tomato broth. Dessert - we got the baklava and honey balls. Baklava was standard and good, but I really liked the honey balls.

Drinks - we really liked their maritinis, including the green apple and raspberry flavours.

No complaints, the experience was very enjoyable.笑
This should be a 4.5 because I found dessert to be too sweet but I've been here twice (lunch and dinner) and the food and service has always been good. They have a prix fixe menu for lunch and dinner, do it. So worth the money. They sometime have bellydancers at night. Friday and Saturday I think. Not sure. The owner is always so cheerful and so pleasant. He makes the whole dining experience even better. I will be coming back for sure!笑
I've been here twice in the last 6 months and have ordered off of their fixed menu (no need to wait for Summerlicious/Winterlicious when restaurants get so busy and the service is not always up to par). 
 I was very happy with the food, quality and quantity. The service was excellent. 

The braised lamb (main entree) was cooked beautifully and was piping hot.  Both the lamb and the steamed mussels (appetizer) were bathed in a succulent and flavorful (yet not overwhelming) tomato sauce that I made sure to soak up with some pita bread. The orzo on the lamb was cooked impeccably both times.

I'm giving the restaurant 4 instead of 5 because I had ordered a glass of wine and it was filled to what seemed like 1/4 instead of to at least half or a full glass.

Other than that, I had no major issues and would definitely come back again!笑
I love this place! My favorite is the lamb chop special.
Highly recommended is the fixed price menu.

Service and food has always been great and the owners really go out of their way to make you feel special.笑
Ordered from here on justeat.ca and I'm gonna say that it has been the best restaurant that I have order from... The food can packaged very well and was hot a ready to eat. Can't wait to have a done-in experience. The food all tasted really good and would totally order from them again.笑
Went there on an afternoon for lunch. Was offered a drink and never had the waitress return after bringing us a round of virgin caesars. No menu, no nothing. Was there an hour and was disappointed as I left hungry. Dropped $20 on the table for the two drinks as no one acknowledged us for a bill and I didn't feel like chasing the wait staff. Two servers and almost no one in the place. With such bad service I can see why the place was empty笑
Great Greek place.   Staff are nice, food is amazing. 

I tried the beet salad for an appetizer, it was very tasty!  (as long as you like beets that is!) 

I had the lamb chops, wonderful, perfectly cooked! Very tasty!   And I've heard from other customers that the souvlaki is also excellent, but I haven't tried it myself yet. 

And the scalloped potatoes with feta were absolutely to die for! What a unique twist on an American staple!笑
Excellent! My Mum and I have this as our first choice for nice evening dining on the Danf!!
The food is really really excellent! And really great recommendations on vino笑
We came to pan for my best friends birthday as a group of four. Not only was the food great but we received exceptional service from the staff. Two of my friends mentioned towards the end of the night that one of the dishes was so tasty and they wished they could have more to take home with and the lady who sat us when we arrived overhead and gave them some free of charge!! 

The food was just ridiculously delicious! I have been to several restaurants on the danforth and this is by far my all time fave! I'll be coming by soon :) if you find yourself on the danforth wondering where to eat, head to Pan on the Danforth.笑
Service and ambiance are fantastic, but the food is very mediocre. Kind of a shame that this restaurant focuses more on presentation than substance. Nonetheless, was a cool experience.笑
Excellent Greek food with reliable and quick delivery.
Ordered from Pan On the Danforth many times now.

Favourite dish has been the Gyro dinner and don't forget the Village Salad.

Never been to the restaurant but I can rate the food as really great.笑
Charming little Greek restaurant with great service!

Came here for lunch on the wknd, and the owner was our server.

Ordered the fixed price menu as well as a chicken souvlaki and the portion sizes were very generous and everything was well seasoned. I had the trio of dips for appetizer, tilapia for main and I couldn't decide which dessert to get, so the owner/server gave us a taste of both!  

The chicken souvlaki was very big, to the extent where you're not able to just pick it up and eat it.  

Had a great time here, and would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends.笑
Ordered delivery from here and was underwhelmed. Compared to other Greek salads on Danforth this one is particularly low grade, fast food-like and chinsy.  The cheese was store bought grocery store stuff. They even forgot to include onions. 

The calamari was pretty good though, to be fair.笑
I came here for their prix-fix menu and have to say that the value for the amount of food we got was amazing!  My belt needed to be undone by the end of it all.
I started off with the Trilogy of Spreads and it was my favorite portion of the meal.  The warm pita accompanying the spreads made for a delicious filler.
Following that was my my main, the Soutzoukakia smyrneika.  I wished I ordered a generic chicken souvlaki instead of acting on the impulse of trying something new. This tasted like mashed potatoes with meatballs on top.  It was too heavy, due to all the unflavorful meat and heavy load of carbs.
To finish off, I had Karidopita for dessert.  This walnut cake would have been good had it not been submerged in syrup.  Unlike my preference for men, this dessert was too rich and sweet for my liking.
I went on a weekday post-Summerlicious for lunch so it wasn't busy at all.  My friend and I practically had the place to ourselves and service was great.
Overall, the quality of the food was meh but the value definitely made up for that.笑
I love this place...
I used to live above it and the owners are amazing
I recommend the seafood stew!
The stuffed grape leaves are amazing and as big as caggage rolls!笑
Perfect service!!! Friendly atmosphere and delicious food. I dined there once and then came to celebrate my birthday- it was amazing! Thank you very much for your hospitality. I know how Greek food should taste and that is the right place.笑
Pan is definitely a gem of a restaurant and a favorite among my friends and family!  The atmosphere is casual with everyone chatting away happily at their tables, laughter, and "Opa" shouts at the flaming saganaki.  

It is definitely not a quite place, especially on weekend nights, but the food is delicious and the entertainment is amazing!  

They have live Greek music (although they used to have jazz, also great while it lasted)  and a bellydance show.  The dancer performs one of the best bellydancing shows I've seen in a restaurant (and I have seen quite a few, here in TO as well as in Vancouver, Montreal, the US and Greece!), her sword dance is breathtaking!    The service is warm and friendly, both owners and waiting staff.  The recommended wines (and their specialty martinis) were also good.  Definitely recommended!笑
great restaurant. the food was delicious, and the prix-fixe summer menu was a good deal. i had the lamb souvlaki and it tasted great.

the service was on time, courteous and polite. i went on a saturday night, and there was the belly dancing show, which was very fun to watch while eating dinner.

afterward, a small band started to play some music, and it complimented the atmosphere very much. i will definitely be coming back next time i'm in greektown.笑
I would give this place 4 stars based on food alone, but I'm bumping it up to 4.5 stars based on the great response they had to us finding what turned out to be a food brush hair on our bread (apparently used to put olive oil on pita, which is where we found it). 
So first the food - I had the lamb souvlaki, my friend had the chicken souvlaki and my other friend had the village salad. All very tasty and the portions were huge. We shared the aforementioned pita with three dips and fried calamari as appetizers. Everything was fresh and flavourful. 
Going back to the pita, the manager was very apologetic about the mysterious hair and explained that it likely came off of one of the food brushes. We said it was fine and proceeded to eat the rest of our pita slices, but then a waiter promptly brought out a fresh plate of pita. So nice. And as if that wasn't enough, we got free dessert as an apology for something that arguably didn't require one. The manager also made a point of coming out again to see if we were happy with everything. It was a perfect end to a very nice meal. I will definitely be back.笑
Great Greek spot. Amazing pita bread, delicious salad, and great lamb dish. One of the best Greek restaurants I've tasted so far. All tastes very fresh. I recommend this spot if you're in town. The service is attentive and polite.笑
Went here for a birthday dinner. Food was pretty bad. I tried to find somewhere affordable so everyone could feel like they could join but like my dad always said about the famous shoe store: pay less, receive less. It wasn't cheap by any means but it wasn't good value either. On the Danforth there are so many other restaurants that are a better choice for Greek.笑
Cosy and warm ambience. Very nice service and excellent food.笑
Want a great date place? Here you go then.

My girlfirend and I head to Pan once a year (our fourth time) as it is a wonderful little restaurant that has always delivered great food and a very good atmosphere (low lighting, cozy) whether you are on a date or out with some good fiends.

Apparently Pan Fest now runs all year which is like Winterlicious and the same price too. which is great news.

There is a woman I think that owns it named Voula and every time we go in this lady always makes us feel like we're part of the family. They don't know us and we don't know them. We only knew her name from the picture just inside the restaurant with her on it. When she went to other tables it was always the same dedicated service. She was made for the hospitality industry.

ME: Zucchini croquettes, grouper fillet on mash and grilled asparagus, Walnut sponge cake with honey. DRINK: Sicilian Slap martini

Everything was absolutely spot on, as always.

HER: Sesame seed crusted salmon with mussels, baby shrimps, mash and asparagus. DRINK: Riesling

They put some baby shrimps inside with the mussels which was a very cool touch. She said it was fantastic.

SHARED: Saganaki (fried cheese that is lit by the server), grilled octopus. 

Saganaki was solid and the octopus was tasty. Their sauce they use is great, though the 15 charged for it is a bit steep for what you get, perhaps another tentacle or two would change that. The only legit criticism I can give the experience.笑
Food was Greek with a yuppyyyyy twist !!!! Chicken souvlaki vey tender !!! Waiter was very friendly & tx us for free drinks.  That was nice.  
Atmosphere is very romantic. Too bad I was there with my old flame of 31 years ago.  Now just friends.  I could of used some young Canadian !!! 
A local recommended it .  There are so many choices for Greek food on this block. Also they had an nice prefix menu.笑
I planned my boyfriend surprise birthday party here several weeks in advance.  Every time I called I spoke with the incredibly kind owner, Chris.  He double checked the number of guests with me a week before and then several days prior to the event.  And even when half of them showed up, he was nothing but gracious.  

The atmosphere on a Saturday night here is fantastic - lively and exciting yet intimate.  The servers are incredibly good-spirited and attentive and even the band chipped in and played a Happy Birthday to my boyfriend! 

The food is fantastic - large portions, well-cooked meat and delicious sides.  While we didn't have much to drink, the drink menu looked great as well. The scallop starter is delicious.

Overall my experience here was absolutely fantastic.  I would recommend this place to ANYONE.  The hospitality here is over the top, which makes everything else just that much better.笑
This place has been on my radar for a while since it's supposed to be one of the better and interesting Greek restaurants on the Danforth. I brought my much younger sister here for Winterlicious on a Thursday January evening for their $25 prix-fixe menu.  I am not too big a fan of souvlaki myself becuase I find it a bit dry, so I chose this restaurant because it consisted of more choices (5+) on their 'licious menus and interesting dishes I've never tried before.

Arriving at about 7pm, this cozy place was packed!  We were lucky to find a 2-top snuggled in the corner right by the window against the strings of x-mas-like lit stars from celiing to floor.  The place is definitely casual and full of people chattering away happily! It took a little long (5min) for us to be greeted, but when we finally were, the service was not bad. The wine I asked him to surprise me with was great, but... I forgot.

APPS: (3/5 stars)
-Mydia Santorini: Mussels in a tomato and ouzo broth- good, but I think I could make better.
-Kolokithokeftedes: Zucchini croquettes with feta, kefalograviera cheese and Fresh herbs, served with tzatziki- Lightly breaded and deep-fried till delicious!! I only wish it came with more!!! 

MAINS: (4/5 stars)
-Exohiko: Chicken breast with onions, sweet peppers, mushrooms, and cream cheese, wrapped in phyllo pastry, served with green salad.- Not usually a fan of chicken breast, but in the delcious sauce it was very good. Though I personally thought it needed just a touch more salt and pepper. However, my sister thought it was perfect.
-Arni Kotsi Yiouvetsi: Braised Lamb Shank with Mediterranean herbs and savory vegetables, an Aegean specialty served over veggie orzo in a tomato broth- Soooo tender and flavourful! This was the hi-light of the night! This was just as good as any delicious lamb shank I've had. The portion was huge!

DESSERTS: (2/5 stars)
-Galaktoboureko: Custard wrapped with a thin layer of phyllo pastry- Not too heavy and very good. Next time I would ask for the honey on the side instead of having it drizzled on top though.
-Ravani (vegetarian): A traditional Greek cake with honey syrup and sprinkle almonds- A bit too sweet for me, but I'm not usually a dessert fan.

Service: (4/5 stars)
I understand they were extremely busy, but they all made a team effort to deliver great service. The server did however make a mistake in delivering the pita for the hummus dish for us. But when we both noticed, my sister and I were already eating it thinking it was bread service haha. The server left us to indulge.

Overall, I will come back for their interesting menu, friendly service, good portions sizes, and probably Summerlicious!笑
Generous portion, George is friendly & make you feel welcome.笑
Was here today for a celebration lunch and ordered from their Winterlicious prix fixe menu - a three-course bargain at $15.  

The decor is a bit dark but pleasantly cozy.  The dark gold colour scheme and the decorations invoke California more than Greece and it is devoiid of Greek tschotshckes, for the most part.

My partner and I both ordered dolmades as an appetizer.  They were filled with ground beef instead of lamb, but the seasoning was delicious and they came with tomato sauce as well as a container of tzatziki.  Pita was presented hot and toasted to a nice slight char.  We both had a grouper main dish which presented a nice sized piece of very fresh tasting fish on a bed of mashed potatoes and veggies (the cauliflower was pleasantly crisp) in a wine-calamata sauce.  It was delicious.  Both creme brulee and honey balls were good desserts, though the former was a tad more interesting.   The waitress/owner was friendly and obliging - removing excess dishes promptly but not rushing our large group.

I am withholding a higher rating pending regular visits and sampling the regular menu, but overall this was very good Greek food.笑
This is one of the worst Greek restaurants I have ever been to.  I love chicken souvlaki, but the entire dish they serve here was just wrong.  The chicken itself was not traditional chargrilled style, it was more saucy like a butter chicken, with skin still on it.  The potatoes were undercooked and hard.  The rice was a basmati, not the usual thicker softer Greek style rice.  The vegetables were under cooked, the carrots may have well been raw.  Of all things the salad was a mixed green, instead of a Greek salad - no feta to be found.  To top it off the service was extremely slow for a restaurant that wasn't even half full.  Safe to say I will never go back here, and the only recommendation I will make to friends is to stay away from this place.笑
When you walk in on a night with belly-dancing and live greek music, you absolutely feel like you walked into old world Greece.  The ambience, noise, music, dancing, staff, and friendly service is all dripping with Greek essence, like a giant drop of olive oil.  Sure, it was busy, but what do you expect during Euro Cup night on the Dan?

Appetizers were amazing; we had the flatbread/dipping sauce and it was heavenly.  Their tzatziki was excellent.  The mains were a little less inspired... the moussaka was good, while a little heavy on the cinnamon... the souvlaki, however, was disappointing.  It had zero flavour, and looked boiled and never grilled.  

Souvlaki should be the mainstay of any Greek restaurant, which is why they're scoring low.  Otherwise, it was a pleasant expereince, but I wouldn't bring anyone here for the full Greek experience, unless it was just for drinks.笑
I am a huge fan of Greek food, and I have to say, this is a GREAT restaurant.  Atmosphere, service, food, everything was wonderful, but the real thing that sets this particular Greek restaurant apart from other Greek restaurants is the tzatziki.  Its really fresh, isn't too garlic-y (like the one at Astoria) and has yummy perfect little slivers of cucumber.
I ordered the dolmades to start. They were kinda big, but really tasty.. so I would advise splitting it.  I had souvlaki as my entree which came with a salad, grilled veges, rice and little potatoes (its a big plate).  My mom had the vegetarian moussaka which she RAVED about so, if you are a vegetarian, i think this dish is for you. Overall, I really enjoyed the food, and its great value for the price, (had to bring home a doggy bag because I couldn't finish it all!)

I really enjoyed my meal at Pan and will definitely be going back, but would suggest that if you are going to make reservations, and ask for a spot closer to the front of the restaurant or outside because the back of the restaurant can be a little dim.笑
This place was a delightful surprise. We ordered the saganaki (baked cheese) and two orders of the Arni Yiouvetsi (Braised Lamb Shank). Service was exceptional and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The first dish to arrive was our Saganaki which was our appetizer. It came flambeed with a huge fire jetting out of it. The dish was quite the show causing lots of heads to turn. The cheese itself was very tasty especially when eaten with the pita provided. Next came our mains which were well presented and were quite large. The lamb literally fell of the bone and I could taste the natural essence of the lamb. To complement the lamb taste, it was accompanied by fried green onions and a basic mix of orzo and tomato sauce. All in all, a great meal and experience. We left very satisfied and did not break the bank.笑
Alright here it goes. I've been here once prior for lunch with my mother and she has been also, always enjoys her plate and never a complaint. 
Recently came here (party of 4) on a Friday night for the Summerlicious menu. 

Food: 
The menu looked great, the chicken souvlaki plate that my friend had ordered looked good (as did the fish and lamb). I ordered the moussaka-- which was VERY heavy on the béchamel sauce but not in a good way (it was thick and globby and not warm even-- not good). As for our desserts and apps, everything was wonderful !! I'd say steer clear of the moussaka. 

Atmosphere: 
The atmosphere feels great, there's happy people everywhere, the couple who run the place are so friendly and loving to one another and their guests I would consider going back just for them. The lighting is nice and the LIVE MUSIC was lovely!! what was a downer for me was at one point during our food a belly dancer came out. I'm fine with performances but she was asking us to get up and dance and/or dancing with her stomach super close to mine and my boyfriends plates/faces and all-over it was unwelcomed and uncomfortable to be honest. We found ourselves hiding in our dinners whenever she walked by. Not to mention the music was deafeningly loud during the performance and made dinner conversation very difficult. 
The performance aside, the place is nice. 

Service: 
Our server was wonderful and the woman who runs the place was wonderful and funny as was her husband. The bartender was quick and the plates were out on time. The online table booking was easy and no troubles on our reservations. 

All in all I do like it here. I think the belly dancing performance needs to be edited as to allow people to continue enjoying their meals and music brought to a conversation level as opposed to a club level. Also-- the moussaka was disappointing and that makes me sad cause usually I love Greek food. But, for a $28 Summerlicious prix fix its still pretty good and the wine went down real easy ;) (good house red by the way)笑
Very nice Greek food. Service friendly. Large portion. Nice mood. Accessible from the subway. Good value.笑
Great food and lovely interior! We strongly recommend  reservation!
We had made a reservation on a Saturday night for date night dinner! 
Although we were running late, we called inn and made sure they could still
Hold our table.  We were reassured it would be alright, since they were soooo busy and were really running  behind.
Once we arrived, the interior really cought  our eye. It was very cozy and classy but not high end, so basically it was just right.
They were extremely busy so we were asked to wait along with a few other customers... It was in an awkward spot in the entrance- hall which was very tight and right by the door which customers had to use to get inn and out....
Once we were seated it felt uncomfortable because it  was sooo close to all the other tables and I felt a little bit, well... uncomfortable, since I was on a date with my hubby, and didn't want it to feel like we were Sharing our table and conversation with everyone else... (Which I understand they had to seat as many people as possible and they were extremely busy that night- then again we were on our date ) The owner who happened to seat us, acknowledged our discomfort  and actually made an effort to clear another table, and  had seated us at another more private table once it became available! So thumbs up for that!
We really enjoyed our meals and appetizers! They were kind enough to accommodate to my gluten free needs with cucumbers instead of bread for dips, and the Opa cheese was made to order with no flower :-)
We were pleased to have  made it in time for the belly dancer. She did a good job, she seemed skilled and fit, except she seemed very tiered and slightly bored which took away from the experience, of the show. But none the less, was good. And most definitely didn't ruin our evening!
Back to our dinner; it was well cooked, perfectly seasoned and over all tender and juicy. The servers were good and knowledgable! Will most definitely recommend and return!笑
Love this place. Between the great service, quality food and romantic, dark ambiance... It makes for a perfect celebratory dinner spot. 

I've been here twice and had the trilogy of spreads appetizer both times - and I would recommend it as an appetizer that can be shared between two. They have 3 course set menu option which is always helpful for value purposes and in narrowing food chooses. They also have a general menu consisting of a wide variety of dishes. Waitresses were very attentive, and friendly. The wait times between food courses were not too long and also not too short. Portion sizes are very reasonable and food presentation is always on point. This restaurant is more on the fine dining side and while the prices of dishes are not on the lower end, it's reasonable for the service, quality and amount of food you get. 

Keep in mind because of location parking is not free. Also the washrooms are located in the basement which may pose as an issue for those with physical/mobility issues. Something to keep in mind笑
This place is a huge disappointment. My red snapper was full off scales... The salad was awful. I just don't understand why! Never going back! Such a nice place but disgusting food.笑
Break Summerlicious with lots of options.
The chickpea salad was great but the croquettes didn't have a lot of flavour. They didn't give the souvlaki dinner tzatziki sauce but did give when I asked. And the baklava, while small was perfect.笑
Me and my wife went for a birthday gathering of 20pl and decided to order what we thought would be traditional greek food. They served me and my wife old food that they tried masking with a over seasoned sauce. They get the second star because I enjoyed the live band and some of the appetizers went too bad.笑
Excellent portions of delicious food.  Parking on the Danforth can get difficult sometimes.  Great atmosphere and ambiance in the evening.笑
Ordered on Uber Eats and one item was missing. Tried to place another order the next day the restaurant refused to accept the order.笑
Love the food here. Have had takeout from this restaurant as well as eat in and have not had a bad experience with either. The atmosphere is great and the service is good. Really enjoy this restaurant.笑
Looking for a patio we headed over to the Danforth looking for a new Greek place. We spotted Pan and the menu looked inviting. We found some seats on the patio and were greeted by a really sweet and enthusiastic waitress. It is a small restaurant on the North side of Danforth with a small patio that looks out from the restaurant onto the sidewalk. Inside the place is clothed in dark, luxurious tones suggesting a bar more than a restaurant. The menu featured a selection of appetizers, mezes and traditional Greek mains. What was surprising was that most of the mains, including the fish and seafood were cooked in butter rather than olive oil. This was a little disappointing but the service, the plating and the taste made up for this little disappointment. When the food arrived it was plated in a manner that was more than generous. Usually places that spend too much time and energy on the look and feel, miss out on the food, but Pan surpassed what was expected in a pleasing manner.笑
Eating out on the Danforth is not usually a very exciting experience. Many of the well-known Greek spots have seen better days and with the exception of some consistently good places like Allens, Mezes and Pizza Libretto, the new and solid options are few and far between. 

Surprisingly, Pan was pleasant with good service and fresh dishes in the old world Greek style. My granny and I came here for lunch after visiting my sister and niece who live nearby. To start our lunch my granny got the tarama, which I have a newfound appreciation for as an adult.  We followed it up with grilled shrimps, chicken and other classic plates.笑
Been here maybe twice. Both with co-workers and we had a great time! The decor was very nice and sophisticated.

I loved the greek salad with grilled calamari! Pretty large portion for dinner so that's all i ate. Too bad never got to try other stuff on the menu. 

Next time i'll give other dishes a chance. will come again!笑
You know when an olive tastes like an olive and you are like... mmmm, this is where good olive oil comes from? Well, that is Pan. It's where good Greek food comes from.笑
Large portions, decent prices, friendly, but slow service, nice patio. Pretty standard Greek place. No complaints. The trio of spreads is a really delicious way to start out the meal!笑
we had dinner friday evening with our young kids as family 
place was busy. very good vibe. service was very good as well.
we adults had couple of the fix menu choices that comes in at $28 for 3 course.
appetizer we had the calamri which was good but a very small portion (maybe 6 pcs/ rings)
main dish we had grouper fillet and lamb shank, both were very good, nice large portions with good sides. dessert was nice as well, normal greek affair.

kids had what they called kids menu which was basically 1 chicken souvlaki brochette and few fries for $10. portion was on the very small side (maybe half a breast at best) and chicken was over cooked and dry! I would say for that portion even $6 is more then fair!

we also took two additional appetizers, that turn out to be the 2 best things we ate.
goat cheese salad which was very delicious and extremely generous portion of cheese. the 2nd was a fried feta cheese that came with olive spread and was also very successful and nice portion.

drinks were not very generous with booze.

all in all it was just ok but probably not go back as we were not wowed and choices are plentiful on street. we eat out regularly and unfortunatly they didnt win us over

the bill was $150 for 5 (3 children) so not very cheap vs quality笑
My friend and I had brunch here last Sunday on our eating-tour of Toronto. We walked up and down the 'Greek Town' stretch of Danforth for an hour before finally deciding Pan was the place. We're glad we had a chance to think about it, survey the competition and work up an appetite - and we were not disappointed!

I ordered the trilogy of spreads and selected the melitzanosalata (eggplant dip), the taramosalata (cod roe dip) and the patzaria skordalia (garlic potato dip with beets). They were served in individual little rectangular bowls, with bulgar wheat salad, cucumbers, Kalamata olives and a thick slice of seasoned feta cheese on the side. It was a beautiful plate and so many delicious flavors!

My friend ordered the baked goat cheese salad, which was served with a thick slice of tomato, a Portobello mushroom cap and chopped pistachios encrusted into the cheese. I didn't taste it but it looked beautiful and she ate every morsel. 

Both dishes came with a plate of grilled and oiled/buttered pita bread, which was delicious as well.

When we first arrived (right around noon), there was only one other table seated, and they were obviously regulars, as they had a good rapport with the owner/server and there was a lot of laughter and 'special treatment' with dishes being served 'to sample'. (We didn't feel left out as the owner/server was very attentive to us as well, but it was obvious they knew each other, and that actually made us feel good that we had made a good choice, if these folks were coming that regularly.) By the time we left around 1:30 pm, the place was totally packed. We were glad to have beaten the rush because service slowed down as the place got really busy.

Overall a nice place - nice ambiance, indoor and outdoor seating (we wanted to sit outside but the owner/server said it was too cold for us....), extensive menu, friendly people; I would go again and would recommend.笑
Went for my sisters bday with family on a Saturday night.  My wife really enjoys Greek food but I'm usually not a huge fan.  This was the best Greek style meal I've ever had.  The atmosphere, belly dancer and live music were fabulous.  The food was the best Greek I've had!  We had a sampler of many different appetizers that was wonderful.  All of our main courses were wonderful.  Waiter was great and very attentive.  Manager came over and she was incredibly nice.  Highly recommend!笑
i ordered food ..chicken soulvaki dinner. i am pregnant. my food arrived with a fly baked into chicken.
my appetite is ruined. never everrrrrr ordering from here.
its discusting! !!!!do you have mice too??? is your kitchen clean ???? i assume not!!!笑
This was our first visit to Greektown since moving to Toronto, and I'm so glad we chose Pan! 

We booked our reservation the day of on a Saturday night, and the best we could do was 8:30. By the time we arrived, I was starving! Just when I was about to gnaw my arm off, a lovely plate of garlicky buttery pita bread appeared. How did they know!?

It took a while for our server to return for drink orders, but  we took the opportunity to just take it all in. The ambiance of this place is amazing. Small, cozy, and very vibrant! Greek music playing in the background, happy patrons chattering, belly dancers weaving their way through the dining room, and of course the occasional Opa when someone orders Saganaki.

We started things off with a 1/2 bottle of a Greek red wine. Hey, when in Rome, er....anyway, it was my first introduction to Greek wine, and I have to say, we hit it off. It was light and drinkable...the perfect pairing to almost anything on the menu. Also, I love it when places let you order a 1/2 bottle.

For dinner, my husband ordered the lamb souvlaki and it was off the hook. The meat  was so tender and flavorful; cooked to a perfect medium rare- which I'd highly suggest.

I had the Traditional Moussaka, and it, too, did not disappoint. The richness of the beef coupled with the interesting textures and seasonings of the other layers made for an extremely comforting and calorie splurge-worthy dish.

Both of our entrees came with generous mixed green salads tossed in a very pleasant balsamic vinegarette. 

Again, it took a while for our server to come and collect our plates when we were finished. I think I've identified service as Pan's only weakness.

My husband capped off the meal with an Ouzo on the rocks, and it was absolutely terrible...just how it's supposed to be :)

Overall, pan was a lovely experience. The ambiance and food were superb, but the service cold use some work. The value is quite good. I think we'll be back!笑
We arrived on a pleasant Saturday evening after making reservations; weather was nice so my date requested for us to be seated in the front of the restaurant (not on the patio, but close to the windows letting sun in).  The hostess mentioned that she was anticipating a regular customer shortly so she couldn't give the table up.  Bear in mind the restaurant was about 30-40% occupied; not a busy night.  Instead the hostess seated us towards the back of the restaurant which felt like a dark corner! We weren't impressed.  Ultimately we were moved after the scheduled 'regular' failed to show up (and we asked to be moved).  

The food itself was OK as we had been there previously.  I tried my best to put aside the poor experience with the hostess, and do recall the souvlaki being better.  Service (besides the hostess) was good.  Overall, considering there are plenty of other options on better options on Danforth, I won't be going back anytime soon.笑
A gem in the Greek Danforth district. Pan deserves its consistent praises as it represents the best of Greektown, TO. Food and service are excellent, reminiscent of food you'd expect in the alleyways of Mykonos and Santorini!

On some evenings, Pan has a live belly dancer -- a lot of fun when you're dining with friends! 

Highly recommend the set menu -- unbeatable value and authentic food!笑
Solid 3.5 stars 
Came here with my family & Greek fiance. 
Started with a bottle of white wine, 2 beers & water for all.
Apps: 
Trilogy - A choice of three spreads, served with feta, olives and bulgur pilaf. $14
Horiatiki (Village Salad) Tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, sweet peppers, olives, and feta cheese in an extra virgin olive oil lemon dressing. $9
Floured Calamari Tender calamari lightly fried and served with lemon. $11
Grilled Calamari Tossed in a garlic butter grilled lemon and saffron reduction,
served with garlic spinach sundried tomatoes and leeks. $11

Mains:
Elliniki (Greek Salad) Romaine lettuce, onion, sweet peppers, cucumber, tomato, Kalamata olives and feta cheese dressed in our signature extra virgin olive oil and lemon dressing. $8
Rib eye Steak (Angus Classic) One of the most tender steaks around, perfectly aged, served over garlic mashed and grilled zucchini rolls $29
Vegetable Moussaka Casserole of zucchini, eggplant, spinach, sweet peppers and potato, topped with béchamel and tomato sauce, served with mixed greens in a balsamic vinaigrette. $17
Exohiko (Rosemary Chicken Pie) Cured chicken with onions, sweet peppers, mushrooms and cream cheese, slowly cooked to develop melting tender flavor covered in phyllo pastry, served with mixed greens. $18
Rhodes Shrimp Sauttéd onions, garlic and feta, in white wine lemon dill cream sauce, served with garlic sautéed spinach over monastiri orzo pasta. $20

The restaurant is loud, has a belly dancer that comes around to the table. Very smiley!
The portions were average sized, could be bigger. I would go back again, but there is so much selection on the danforth that it doesn't really stand out.笑
The chicken souvlaki had a bizarre texture, like flat sheets of rubber glued together. Disgusting. We asked to have it removed and they brought back just some rice and vegetables. When the bill came they charged us $14 that plate. What a joke. The lamb souvlaki was hard and flavourless. The cook in this place is clueless.笑
We were there today for lunch as it was my birthday.  The owner was welcoming and straight forward.  My wife wanted a Greek salad and a wrap so he suggested getting the chicken wrap which came with a salad.  Mind you the salad was not a "Greek" salad but a green salad.

I got the chicken souvlaki, plate of dips and pita and the Ravani dessert.  Dips were finger licking good with freshly toasted bread.  Souvlaki was decent and potatoes and rice were average.  I've had better souvlaki plates but the service was great and he gave us a baghlava on the house since it was my birthday.

Overall an enjoyable experience on a nice patio in Greek Danforth.笑
This is my first time at Pan and I'm just blown away... The atmosphere is so homey but classic, with dim lighting, beautiful chandeliers and detailing in the ceilings, wine racks everywhere and simplistic booths and hardwood flooring. It's intimate and quiet, which I love, great place for a date for two but even a family night. There are some tables by the window for a nice view of the danforth, but also a back portion of the restaurant which is more private. They also have a small patio which is nice for warm weather. 

The service is amazing, the waiters cater to your every need happily and in a timely manner. The owners are so caring and happy and ensure you leave happy no matter what!
The menu is pretty reasonably priced for what you're getting. They have a "PanLicious" option too, for $25 a one person can get one entree, one app and one dessert. Not bad! 

Tonight we ate the exohiko, steak, village salad, Pasta and grouper fish for entrees, and the saganaki and calamari for appetizers. Everybody was happy with the meals, the food came quickly but was cooked to perfection. I've never had a steak melt in my mouth like that. The saganaki was so exquisite, and I've tried a loooot of saganaki being Greek and all. Also before you order they serve you warm pita with five different Greek spreads that are authentic, fresh and delicious. I also tried the local Pinot Noir which was light and smooth, and had a cappuccino to wash everything down with a taste of every dessert on the menu. Dessert portions are small but rich and tasteful, served with fruit and whipped cream. The cappuccino was delightful. We didn't leave a single bite left of anything. 

I will definitely be coming back. Loved this place soooo much. One of the better Greek restaurants on the danforth.笑
Had an amazing meal shared by four of us
Highly recommend the 3 dips.
They bring you warm pita and I had an awesome Greek red wine too!
Everything was Great!
Belly dancing was a bit much for the family dinner I was at but hey another night with more drinks and I'd have been more on board. Lol

Awesome overall.笑
We came here during Taste of the Danforth. Maybe not the best idea. The staff are friendly but the food was only so so. I personally like Astoria and pantheon better. The artichoke chicken was terrible. It tasted like boiled minced chicken from left over chicken soup. The lamb which I usually love tasted pre-boiled and instead of the asked medium rare was well done. Should have gone elsewhere gem how expensive the entrees are.笑
I went to Pan for a relatives rehearsal dinner for their wedding. They secluded the back half of the restaurant for use however I found the greeter to be rather rude when we arrived and said we were part of that party, she just shooed us off to the back.

It was a smaller menu since it was a large party but there were some great options and I actually thought the food was really great! I am typically not a fan of Mediterranean or Greek food cause I typically find it to be too oily and just taste like pepper but not at Pan!

A few hiccups though, we were almost done our appetizer when the waiter asked if we could split up what was left of it...we were confused and just said no, we will nibble at it how it is. It was then that the waiter admitted he needed us to do it because they were out of dishes in the kitchen and needed ours so they could finish serving the other tables...really? It was also strange how they served our table first for the appetizer, last for the dinner and then first for the dessert. It resulted in us waiting a long time for our appetizer and then rushing from dinner right into dessert. You should serve the same tables first each time to keep the flow of food moving. The last table to get their appy wasn't even finished when their entrees came and we were left for like 30 minutes without food!

The ambiance is nice...unless you use the washroom, it is through a door and down some rickety stairs but once you open that door it is like walking into a whole 'nother world. Nothing is consistent with the restaurant and it has a rather unpleasant odor down there.

There was also a belly dancer that was great, I thought she was really great although that's mainly cause I was just happy to have some entertainment while I waited to long for my dinner to arrive.笑
I checked them out for a Winterlicious date and it was just beautiful and romantic and the wait staff was fantastic and cared so much. It was busy, good thing we had a reservation.  The food was quite good nut honestly,  the atmosphere was the best part.笑
This is said to be one of the better restaurants in Greektown and, after just one visit, I can say that it certainly seems that way.

As mentioned by other reviewers, the interior is nice and cozy. There is a room in the back for groups. A wedding party was using it the night we stopped by.

The service was good and one of the owners was buzzing around talking to customers to be friendly and to make sure the A/C was working (it was hotter than hell outside). There is a little patio out front.

I had the grouper fillet and it was very good. The fillet was big and the sides (garlic mashed potatoes and grilled zucchini rolls) were tasty. I was too stuffed for dessert. With a drink the bill came to about $30/person.

The others in our group enjoyed the food, too.

No complaints. We had a good time. There are some cheaper options on the Danforth that are just as good, in my opinion, but this is the type of place I'd go to once in a while when family or friends are visiting.笑
This review is based on a last minute , unexpected dinner on a week night. 
This place turned our night into one of the most fun ever. The staff are so welcoming and warm and makes you feel like you've known then for years.
The food for excellent in every way possible . Tasty , quick , perfect portions , and perfect temp. 
The high light was the music and the belly dancer. It's like we were suddenly in Cyprus or some Mediterranean island. 
I highly recommend it笑
Great service, really good food. Shoutout to the lovely blonde server we had she was so sweet!笑
Staff were friendly but the food felt like it could have been prepared by anyone. Nothing special. A bit disappointing actually.笑
I haven't had many Gyros in my lifetime to know what the best one would taste like, but I would say this one was up there. Was a combination on Lamb and Beef in a pita with tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki sauce. I don't know if I was just really hungry but the gyro was pretty good. Small but good. I shall try other ones to find the best gyro. Until then...Jimstar Out!!笑
A all-time favourite, Pan is the best Greek food I've had in Toronto, and I always leave wishing it wasn't over!

When I'm with a group we usually start with the Trilogy of Spreads($14), and the Saganaki($11)(my favourite starter at Pan) both of which are delish, served with warm pita, and great to share. I have also had the Grilled Calamari, which I'm sure is delicious for most people, but isn't my thing. 
For my main dish I usually go with either the Moussaka($17)sometimes with meat and sometimes vegetarian, or the Pastitsio - which is not always on the menu but can almost always be ordered, for about the same price as the Moussaka. While the Moussaka is great, the Pastitsio is truly where it's at! 
The food at Pan is spectacular and the service is great - I have always been able to get reservations, even during Taste of the Danforth when I explained that it was my husband's birthday they were kind enough to allow us to reserve for a relatively large group. Everything is tidy and clean and it's an absolute crowd pleaser for a night out with a group on the weekend, as there is music and belly dancing which people always enjoy as it bring an extra element of excitement and festiveness to the evening!笑
This is my least favourite Greek food on the Danforth. After moving to the area back in April, it has been a mission to try them all, in order to find the best chicken souvlaki. Pan's just wasn't very good. Unusual and unappetizing seasoning on chicken and rice and undercooked vegetables along with a salad that was sad to say the least. I was really wanting to be impressed by this restaurant, but even though I hadn't eaten all day, I ended up tossing most of the meal away. Don't waste your money here. There are far better on the strip.笑
Decided on some Greek food this past weekend and chose to go to PAN on the Danforth for lunch. They were participating in Winterlicious and I was told by my boss that I just had to go there. As soon as I enter I couldn't help but notice how packed the place was. My initial thought was "Do they even have table for my reservation?" As soon as I said my name they knew exactly who I was and brought my friend and I to our seats. We were seated at a table that could fit 4 even though we were only 2. It was nice to have the extra room.

For my appetizer I ordered the Kolokithokeftedes (zucchini croquettes with feta, kefalograviera cheese and fresh herbs).The cheese just melted in your mouth and gave you a burst of flavour. For my main I decided on the Olympus Chicken Breast (chicken supreme topped with feta cheese, button mushrooms, and rosemary cream sauce. They were served with new mini potatoes and pan seared veggies. Initially I thought the chicken would be stuffed with the feta but realized it was part of the sauce. The chicken was tasty but towards the middle got a little dry. For desert I enjoyed the Karidopita (Honey walnut cake). I asked my Greek friend if this place reminded her of home cooked meal, she responded "To the T" 

I also noticed a few of the servers looked alike, probably sisters or something. Definitely related! What I also liked was when I went to use the restrooms they had installed toilet seats that have built in protective plastic that u change before using. 
I would go back for sure to try some of their other dishes.笑
GREAT place. Great food, lots of variety, and GREAT staff! Went here for my birthday and I was SO glad I chose Pan on the Danforth. The ambience is very nice and the service was amazing. 

I would definitely go back!笑
The place is nice and cozy but the food....
We ordered appetizers: grilled eggplant puree, grilled octopus and the cheese.
The octopus was a bit chewy and it was topped with roasted red pepper that I believe was canned because I could taste the sourness... Even the eggplant I think was canned because had no flavour at all. The cheese was good though but you cannot go wrong with that.笑
We stopped in here starving and wanting to escape from the pouring rain! As lovers of Greek/Meditteranean food and first time visitors to Toronto, we had high expectations!

The restaurant is beautiful - the atmosphere was great and it was fun because there was variety. There was a live band, but there was also a bellydancer who performed a few times. 

The food was really good - but save for the appetizers, it wasn't all that greek! I had the lemon roasted chicken and my friend had the loin of lamb. Both dishes were really well done, but they could've been served at any upscale restaurant! The appetizers were delicious- the pita bread served with the dips is delicious and we scarfed down two orders of it. 

Fun place for a date - you can make a night of it. If you're craving souvlaki, grape leaves, and really traditional greek food though, hit up one of the other places on the street.笑
Very good Greek place! Service and waiters friendly, they welcome you as your an usual customer even if it's the 1st time! 
The food is really good with excellent products. 

The 25$ menu worth it! But the taxes and others amounts(?)are add + the tip and your bill is finally higher than it seems.笑
I really enjoyed this restaurant. A group of friends came to celebrate a birthday and enjoy Winterlicious. I wish I had gotten our waiter's name. He was delightful and gave great suggestions to order. I had the baked feta, Oylmpus Chicken and the Mimi Baba. They were all terrific. The service fast, the portions big and delicious. The atmosphere was great. I would love to come back with my boyfriend. Very recommended. xoxo to the lovely waiter!笑
We went to Pan On the Danforth for a Winterlicious meal. I must say I am disappointed with this location.

Overall:
Service: 3 stars
Food: 3 stars

We had a reservation for 6pm. When we arrived, we were quickly seated. Our server offered to take our jackets, which was nice. Though our coats were actually hang in a rack on the wall with many more jackets, and it was hard to dig out at the end of the meal when we wanted to leave. And nope! No server offered to take out our jackets for us, since they were busy serving everyone else. The service during the meal was alright. Our food came up fairly quickly, and our plates were taken off very quickly...a little too quickly even. I ate slower than my friends, and felt a little rushed when my plate was the only one left on the table. We did have to call the server over to refill our water several times though. I also overheard/saw a manager (I assume) yell at a poor server. I definitely felt sorry for him. Overall, not too too bad, but not the best either.

As for food, their Winterlicious menu actually offers quite a bit of variety. We ordered mussels, fried calamari, and three spreads (hummus) to start. Three spreads came with complimentary pita bread. The mussels were definitely not fresh, but the sauce was delicious. The calamari was tender, but fairly messy to eat, since the breading on the outside were kinda falling apart when we stabbed a fork into it. The calamari itself was rather plain, but when dipped with the sour cream provided, it was quite good. The spreads and the pita bread were amazing though to our surprises. The three flavours were strawberry, regular hummus, and some...creamy tasting hummus thing. Pita bread was soft and warm, spreads were nice and smooth. Definitely by far our favourites. We gave 4 stars to the appetizers.

We were disappointed with the main. We ordered Lamb shank, chicken Souvlaki, and New York striploin steak. The lamb shank was a good size, but it was so salty. The lamb was a little over cooked. I was told by a chef that lamb is best eaten when it's cooked to medium. This lamb shank was at least medium-well done. The lamb was fairly bland. It was not very well marinated. And that is why, the soup that it was soaked in was rather salty. My friend who ordered it tried her best to finish the lamb, and she easily chugged down three glasses of water and gave up in the end. 

I ordered the chicken soulvaki. It came with rice, vegetables, roast potatoes, salad, and of course, the chicken soulvaki. The salad and vegetables were very nicely done and delicious. I am personally not a fan of Greek styled rice, so I barely touched it. The roasted potato was decent as well. But I was somewhat disappointed with the actual chicken. It was very, very, very bland and dry. The size was good, but boy it was dry. I had to eat the entire thing with the help of their awesome sour cream. I was not too pleased. As for the steak, I personally think it's decent, but my friend who had it said parts of it is overly charred. The sides were similar to mine with the exception of mashed potatoes, which in my opinion tasted better than my roasted ones.  We gave 3 stars to the main.

Now it's time for dessert. I ordered a cream puff cone, honey walnut cake, and baklava. The cream puff was the only dessert we liked. It was nicely baked, and overall tasted great. The baklava was really sweet, but interesting and crunchy. But the honey walnut cake, my god. It was drenched in honey. Absolutely disgustingly sweet. We were not able to finish it. Definitely 2 stars for the dessert.

The meal was $25 each, but there was a mandatory 18% tip added to our bill. As well, we were told this is the "minimum tip" we should give. We were not pleased with this. I usually wouldn't mind give more tips, but the service we received definitely is not on par with the 18% they charged.  It is a decent place, but  there are a lot of other Greek places around the area, therefore I would not come back unless necessary.笑
I really like this place, absolutely no complaints.  It's a little more upscale than the rest of the Greek restaurants on the Danforth so it's nice to come here once in a while.  The decor is cozy and inviting, the food is high quality.

I recommend their mussels.笑
I came to Pan with a bunch of friends and we had a great time. The waiters were really great and they accommodated my food allergies wonderfully. All of my friends were very satisfied with their entrées as well. 

I ordered the New York Black Angus Striploin and it was okay. They had to eliminate the sauce since it had gluten. As a result, I found the steak a little lacking in flavour. However, the dessert totally made up for this. They had a gluten free chocolate tort that was to die for.

We found the service to be a little on the slow side but the waiter made up for it with his positive spirit and great personality. 

I would recommend checking out this venue.笑
First time visiting But for sure not the last. Felt at home. Excellent service, music and atmosphere. The food was second to none. I haven't been to a restaurant this good in years. You can expect me to be back for my anniversary and many other occasions. Satisfaction Guaranteed :-) See you again!笑
$28 2017 Winterlious dinner. 

Food. 
Floured Calamari + Pan Chicken Souvlaki +Baklava
Trilogy of Spreads+Tilapia Fillet+Ravani
Food was okay. The entry portions were decent, however there were literally 7 Calamari were served as the appetizer. .  

Atmosphere.
Super packed and loud. Long waits even with a reservation. It was next to impossible to find a place to stand and wait. The owners were present and friendly. They were really involved in the business. 

Entertainment.
A belly dancer showed up out of the blue. She's was balancing a sword one moment, and the next she was taking pictures with tables ( with a tip).  It was unexpected and good fun.笑
A couple of friends and I hit up Pan on the Danforth for Summerlicious and it did not disappoint. We managed to score seats on the patio after just a small wait. The staff were friendly and food tasted fantastic. The ambience was great for a nice girls night out dinner.  You won't be disappointed!笑
It was my first experience at Pan of the Danforth and I have to say that it was very disappointing. The service was very poor from the start to the end, the menu was over priced significantly for very average food and the portions were quite small for the price. No wonder why the place was empty.
The saganaki which was barely seared was disapointing, and they didn't give us any bread  to make this very  salty cheese enjoyable. 
The fried calamari itself did not leave me wanting more, even though I was starving. It was just rubbery and bland.
The worst had to be the creme brulee. Not only it was a tiny portion that was equivalent to 2 tablespoons but it was not creamy as it is supposed to be but almost  liquid and tasted anything else but creme brulee.
We were a party of 4 and asked for separate bills while we were still having our dessert but what we had as an answer was that the bill was already printed out and that it was too late to make a change. 
Eventually, the waiter took 20 minutes to bring us the bill while the restaurant was almost empty and obviously,  gratuity was included,  because otherwise no one would have left them anything, as I have never felt more ignored or had such disgusting service.
I will never go back there again and felt we were totally overcharged for the type of food that they served. Once was more than enough for me.笑
I was disappointed after hearing very good things about Pan.  The food was ok (not as good as Astoria or Cristina's).  We were in a group for a party and automatically charged an 18% gratuity but didn't get great service (though we ordered a lot of expensive wine and had full meals).  The best thing about the night was the entertainment as the belly dancer was terrific: beautiful and classy (the best I've seen).笑
Excellent food! We ordered our meal through JustEat.ca and ordered the chicken souvlaki and the chicken Santorini. The souvlaki was moist and flavourful, the veggies were crisp, the wine sauce and chicken Santorini was absolutely delicious and the potatoes had tasted lemony which was nice. Thankfully the higher price (vs other Greek restaurants) DID mean higher quality. Well done Pan on the Danforth!笑
I went there for winterlicious and it was amazing, we had enough people to try one of everything and the muscles were to die for. There were a few things that i wasn't fond of but that was more just my taste, everything was well balanced and delicious and the staff were very helpful and happy. I would go back there in a heart beat, and I plan to sometime soon笑
We went to Pan this past Saturday night with a few girls, and had an AMAZING experience.  
The atmosphere was warm and inviting, live music was playing, and the owner (beautiful woman) was a ray of sunshine.
The calamari was HUGE and cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the Hummus and flatbread were so incredibly fresh and tasty.
Great food, awesome wine, amazing service. What more could you ask for? 
I wish that I lived closer to this neighbourhood gem.笑
Had my first patio outing here! A gorgeous sunny day with 1/2L of sangria for $18. We ordered the price fixe $25 for three courses. Well worth it. Their calamari is deliciously grilled and their baklava was the perfect way to end the meal. My friend had the lamb, which was HUGE and tasty. I had the fish with potatoes and veggies, pretty good, melted in my mouth.笑
Great food. The various apps are really good. Had the tilapia and baklava as well-- all great pics. My friends had the artichoke Chen but was not as good. Very friendly service. Entire experience can take a lot of time though- it's European.笑
I went to Pan this evening as a Meetup venue. The organiser had been before and spoke highly of the food, for the remaining four of us it was a first time visit. 

It was packed, but in a good way. It's obviously a place that people return to as the Manager/Owner (not sure which) knew about a third of the customers that came in. The atmosphere was lively, and made even more so when the belly dancer came out.

The food was very good. I started with the Haloumi which was served with sliced tomatoes and dressing, and then had the Kakavia (a traditional Greek seafood dish). Both were excellent and very tasty. The portions were a good size (actually quite big) and I felt very satisfied after the meal.

We left around 10pm and the evening was still in full swing and still very lively. I hope to go back again sometime.笑
I never had such a worst service and geek food in my life. Took the waitress 10 min to track down to get a menu after sitting down. No refill water, the food took almost an hour. And they added 15% tips on the bill. The lamb I order was so rough I had couldn't eat some of it. The mussel had a smell in it. I wouldn't come again.!!!!!