Small menu  great prices good food can't wait to try breakfast

Had breakfast and it was good very busy early but slows down must tryǾ
Great food, great people, and great prices.  Not fancy, but tasty food.  Locals love this restaurant!Ǿ
Took my daughter there to have lunch. Was under the impression that they served home cooked meals. NOT! The food is what you might find in a military mess hall. Ok. But nothing to write home about.The one big turnoff for me was seeing people behind the counter eating and drinking. Not cool. Will not go back.The only positive comment that I can make is that the place was clean and had a 99 rating.Ǿ
Make your meal a social event, the old fashioned kind, no phones needed at the table.  Firestone definitely has the family feel and the food will remind you of grandmas best.  It's all good!  You can't get a better breakfast in Gastonia.Ǿ
They have additional parking in the back and you can enter through the back as well.  
My bacon and cheese omelet had no cheese? My breakfast special came with the grits but no toast?  Staff was friendly 'Mary Jane' and she did refill my coffee, which was pretty good. I heard the owner say to his staff 'no excuses' well sir the fact that you didn't even try to make things right with your customer. And charged full price for items I did not receive - All I have left to say is 'no excuses sir'Ǿ
We were going to walk up Crowder's mountain one Saturday, so I called one of my friends and asked where should we eat  breakfast in Gastonia, without hesitation he said, "Firestone Grill."
 Done.
So after our being one with nature, we went to find food!!  Yeah.  We ordered grits, eggs, biscuits, sausage and pancakes.  The place was packed.  My only complaint is bad coffee.  Inexpensive coffee can be fine if they would just put a little more grounds before brewing.  I do not know who comes up with those stingy portions.  I am going to start writing hate mail to all the large food service companies.  

Firestone Grill was a great local visit with decent food, go check it out.Ǿ
Ehhh - was here for Breakfast.  Hash browns & eggs were bland.  Biggest complaint was the service.  Waitress spent 10 min chatting with one customer and ignored my empty coffee mug.  Won't be back.Ǿ
First of all the coffee is good which is a rare find as most of you know. 

The food was incredible.  Every bite was rewarding. Of cause it was packed, people were waiting to get a table at 9 in the morning. 

The customers and staff were older, I would say average age was 62-65. 

I was ready to give a five star rating but the service was lacking. We saw our waitress 3 times.  One when she got our drink order, when she brought our drinks and got our food order and finally brought our food and receipt. Never checked on us again for coffee refills or anything else. I had to get a carry out container from the cashier.Ǿ
My husband and I had breakfast and lunch here. The breakfast was ok but not anything that made me want to go back. I decided to go back for lunch. The lunch was the worst. I do not want to go back. The beef tips had no flavor only had 6 or less small pieces of meat. The vegetables tasted like they came out of a can with no seasoning. The squash casserole was bland and had more crackers/bread than it needed.Ǿ
Seems to have gone down hill during the last year or so. Food bland and unremarkable. Gravy taste like flour gravy with nothing added. Ketchup seems watered down and toast was burnt on one side. That side was turned down, so I know someone seen the burnt side. Appears they have gone for cheap and not quality ingredients. Used to get ham& cheese omelet, but they changed ham and it is really bad! They have no competition, in the downtown area, for a sit down, full service breakfast restaurant. So they do a good business because a lot of people will not drive an additional 5 miles for a better breakfast.