Food was B but service was terrible (D-)!  Took nearly an hour for us to get our food.  Our waitress acted like she just did want to be there and certainly acted like we were a bother to her.  We were super polite and friendly but it didn't matter.  She is clearly in the wrong job.  I gotta say my cajan burger and fries were good - maybe if you sit at the bar you won't have the experience we had?!Ǿ
Came here for lunch to watch March Madness. Best burger in town. Period.

The service is good and there are multiple TVs so you don't miss any action.Ǿ
Stopped in after a hockey game for a quick burger with my son and friends. I have to say I love the service you get when you walk through the door. Always fast to get drinks and food.  I had bacon cheeseburger and side of cheese curds.  Burger was cooked medium just how I asked and the curds are always delicious.  My son had the same and he polished his off so I assumed it was as good as mine.  Dana our server was very nice and very busy.  Nothing like service with a smile.  Thumbs up 5th quarter for hiring quality people.Ǿ
I want to give this place 5 stars because the food is quite good.  However, the staff seems to be too laid back and I felt like a bother BOTH times I went there.  Two different waitresses looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language when I asked about ingredients in the items on the kids menu, as my child has food allergies.  When I asked them to inquire with the chef, they were quite perturbed.  The food was good, but I probably won't go back because that's not the only thing that makes dining out a good experience.Ǿ
Came here after dining out in Madison to watch some football. I was completely surprised at how clean and friendly this place was!! Tom was bar tending that night and made our entire experience worthwhile! A+ From his jokes, amazing drinks to the great food service he was there with anything we needed. I would recommend coming here to watch games and visit Tom. Hope you enjoy the extra tips for your baby girls Tom! Happy New Year :)Ǿ
We had great service and great food. We were here twice in one day because the first time was so good. We were in town for a hockey game, and just had a blast. Both times the waitresses were super friendly. They had a lot of televisions, so we could watch any sport. The food was excellent and reasonably priced. There was a lot of variety, and it came out of the kitchen quick and hot. We will definitely come back to this hidden diamond.Ǿ
This is really a great sports bar. Nice atmosphere, reasonably priced and delicious bar food. Not a lot of variety on the menu, but there doesn't have to be when everything is always prepared very well. The bartenders also happen to be very easy on the eye as well.Ǿ
In a word, "greasy."  The mushroom burger I had was supposed to be on a hard roll.  Hah!  Instead, the bland beef was on a Wonderbread-like bun.  This is NOT a hard roll.  A hard roll has a hard exterior, much like French bread.  And, a hard roll would have contained the grease from the hamburger.  Also, don't expect a real plate.  At lunch, you're served on some black plastic thing with a piece of deli-paper.  Seasoned fries were okay, but greasy!  Yuk!Ǿ
I love coming here! Always a friendly place to go, most of the staff recognizes us when we return -- by what my boyfriend orders every time (Cajun chicken, extra spice) if not by name! (Who does that!?)

Any time we have friends or family in the area, we come here because they are so wonderful (and our apartment is so tiny). Everyone's had a wonderful time and look forward to returning again.Ǿ
The front half which is the pub is fine, what you'd expect from a sports bar.  The back which is more of the restaurant part is lame.  The food is completely unimaginative and uninspiring.  It's also overpriced for what you get.  The service was pretty pathetic too.  We were unimpressed.Ǿ
Had a little trouble finding the place, but glad we found it!  They have quite a bit on their menu. When we finally settled on our order, it was ready pretty quickly and very tasty!  The staff was friendly, checked on us periodically and refilled our drinks quickly.Ǿ
The Friday night fish fry was not very flavorful.  The food lacked seasoning. I would not recommend this place for the fish or beer selectionǾ
Come for the cheese curds (best around), and find that they surprisingly have a great menu with creative bar/diner foods! They make their food with love and understand that the appearance matters just as much as the flavor. I would've given 5 stars but the ranch is too dilly and they slather almost all of their sandwiches in griddle grease (bar butter) and grill the bread of otherwise perfectly soft or lightly toasted classics. Great, awesome service, btw. Becky was fantastic!Ǿ
We came here the first weekend of March Madness based on the recommendation of some friends. Upon first impression, the bar looks awesome for a tail gate or a game. Lots of WI decor and very clean. We had 2 servers, both were attentive but it did get confusing who we ordered with.

My husband enjoyed the beer selection and they were great about keeping my water full. My husband was satisfied with his chicken avocado wrap and I got a chicken chipotle sandwich which would have been good, but had a bit too much chipotle mayo. Cheese curds were okay but there is definately better in town. My husbands regular fries were average, my sour cream and chive fries were my favorite part of the meal.

All in all, we will be back - but more likely for drinks and a badger game than for dinner.Ǿ
For a bar that serves food the food is pretty darn good.  I work very near here and have had lunch here numerous times.  The main menu food is good, the burgers are not the best in the area, I would go to Mr. Brews for that, but they have very good specials.  Things you don't expect at a bar such as chicken salad on brioche with a tomato jam.  Get the specials, I've yet to be disappointed with one and I've had over a dozen.

As a bar I really like the atmosphere and bartenders.  They are nice folks, lots of TV's to watch sports and attentive, even when busy.  The service in the dining area is very good as well.  Often the same staff is working both sides, yet they get things done and you don't wait long for anything.  

Give it a try, the building it is in is very unassuming but it is worth heading over with friends.Ǿ
Absolutely fantastic. Stopped here for an early lunch. Great atmosphere, very clean, great decor. Service was am very at tentative and fast. Food was absolutely fantastic. Got the cheese curds and buffalo wrap. Would highly recommend.Ǿ
We had a great experience. We were a party of 4 who all ordered different dishes, from a wrap, a burger, a loaded brat, and soup, and we all thought the food was excellent. The prices were a bargain and our beers tasted as they should. We sat at the bar. The only downside was that our food took a little too long to arrive.Ǿ
Awful.  Ordered a rib eye sandwich, medium...gray piece of meat tough as shoe leather served hanging out of a round, soggy bun.  Worst. Sandwich. Ever!  Fries are extra, they were mediocre.  The entire time we were eating someone was trying to unclog a sink in the dining room with a plunger and snake.  Very unappetizing.  Menu is very unimaginative, whole experience was mediocre at best.  Will never be back.Ǿ
What a great little spot I never even knew about!!  My family and I left another meat raffle to try the one at 5th Quarter!  OMG.  It was the best decision!!!  We had a GREAT time.  We received quick, friendly service.  Our food and drinks were served quickly and were delicious (we had the chicken bacon ranch wrap and turkey avocado wrap - YUMMMMMMM).  It was exactly what we were looking for.  

The meat raffle was fair, fun, ORGANIZED, and run very well!  Even the lady running the cash/cooler raffle went out of her way to let us know about the side raffle which would be happening in a few minutes and offered us the opportunity to enter.  Everyone at my table won except me (don't worry 5th Quarter, I'm not blaming you for this haha); so, that added to our enjoyment as well.  We had such a great time we are thinking of making this a monthly ritual (as my understanding is the meat raffles are only the last Saturday of each month).  

Regardless, we will be back at some point, even if it's just to catch a game.  Thank you 5th Quarter for turning our day around and treating your guests fairly and respectfully.  It really was a blast!Ǿ
I've been here for lunch several times. The soups are excellent and not what you'd expect from a "sports bar"Ǿ
This was our (my wife and I) first trip to the 5th Quarter, but it's going to be the first of many!  Even with a Badger basketball game on television, we had no problem finding a good table in the dining room.  Anna, our server, greeted us promptly and took our drink order.  For dinner, my wife had the loaded nachos while I had the prime rib sandwich special and both of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  Anna was attentive and friendly, and stopped by frequently without hovering.  Prices were reasonable, food was excellent, service was top-notch--I recommend the 5th Quarter!Ǿ
Full disclosure:  I didn't actually eat here.  Was seated at a table for 5-10 min before even getting a menu.  5-10 min after that they still hadn't taken our order or even brought us a glass of water.  Servers completely AWOL.  Headed to Culvers where food is cheaper, faster, and probably betterǾ
I was surprisingly impressed by the quality of food here. The portions and prices are good. I really loved the cheese and broccoli soup! I also tried their Rueben burger which was very good. I have heard that their soups are all homemade and they have different specials every night so I will be going back to try more of their soups. The atmosphere is lacking a little; it's definitely got a small town bar feel and the customer service was average.Ǿ
We ordered the pizza and was very disappointed. No sauce and A LOT of cheese. The waiting staff was not organized at all. We were helped by probably 3 different servers. We also had an order of wings which were pretty basic. Probably won't be here againǾ
Recently enjoyed a very good breakfast here[served on weekends]..Bacon was exceptional,with friendly attentive service. This is a nice place and worth a visit anytime.