We love this place, feels like we are in a big family dining room, soft music, great atmosphere and the service was great! The food was outstanding!! If you have any room left after a meal you should try The tiramisu cheesecake or baba rum cake both were so good!Ǿ
Sapore is one of our favorite Italian restaurants ever!  The pasta is made fresh daily and at least 5 different pastas are featured!  They offer full and half portions, as well as a trio sampler of your choice of three.  They offer 2 fixed price menus that are exceptional values at $60/person for five courses, not including the amuse bouche at the beginning of dinner, and a sorbet intermezzo (to cleanse your palate).  And, although all of this sounds very high-falutin', the restaurant is very unpretentious and operates out of a cozy little house in Chesterland, Ohio.  We try to make reservations there every time we are in the area!Ǿ
One of my favorite restaurants in Cleveland. A hidden gem that's sure to impress. Go ahead and order the prix-fixe menu.Ǿ
Very intimate, amazing little restaurant. 10 tables in the whole restaurant. Dinner was amazing, homemade pasta, fresh bread, great service, overall awesome experience.Ǿ
I don't like to tell too many people about this place because I am afraid that I won't be able to get a reservation.  I want to keep it all to myself.  It is that good.  Seriously.  We try to go at lease once a month.  

Try one of the price fix menus for $60/ person for 7 courses or order off the menu...  Even better, go to one of their wine/dinner nights and be amazed.  And Wendy is the best server in Ohio - tip her well...Ǿ
Small restaurant associated with the larger cooking school located across the street. Intimate setting with only about 10 tables so reservations are highly recommended. Food is fabulous northern Italian with a twist. Portions are generous and we had to take most of our desserts home with us. Offer both a 5 course seafood and meat menu at 60 dollars a piece. Both were great. Wine selection was good and reasonable priced. Plenty of self parking in the back.Ǿ
We dined last evening.  We were not sure what to expect, since this was our first time there. The menu had wonderful options and a variety of selections from appetizers to dessert. We were overwhelmed with the many selections, so we decided to try many options and share them among our table.  Everything was exquisitely prepared.  It is a destination since it is in Chesterland, but well worth the trip!  We will definitely make a return visit.Ǿ
Outstanding food!  Great sophistication of flavors in a well prepared meal.  The Risotto with mushrooms was excellent, al dente and creamy.  Scallops tasted as good as any I have had anywhere in the country. 

Best of all was cost - 4 people, appetizers, salads, dinner, deserts and a bottle of wine for under $100 a couple.  The restaurant located in a converted house and is one of those that you will pass by - but don't.  Its quaint atmosphere, great food, and reasonable price make it worth the experience.Ǿ
Excellent food wise! Really one of the best I have ever tried when it comes to Italian.  Chef Loretta is friendly and stops by your table which is very kind and nice of her. My four stars are just for the food and the friendly chef. 

 Wine List is not that great ! Either you buy by the bottle (or) the options are too little for wine by the glass. And the Service could be better...Wish it was located somewhere in a better & busier location...This place is for meat and seafood lovers. Chicken options could be more (must say that the chicken dish we tried was delicious).