The view of Toronto is breathtaking, but that's about all that is great about this place.  We went up to the 51st floor to have a summer cocktail while enjoying the view.  They were short poured and not good, which is very disappointing at their price tag.  If they want to charge that much for drinks, they should at least guarantee that they are going to be good, if not great.  Martinis did not have any stuffed olives, instead they had olives that tasted like they came from a dollar store.  I recommend the view, but not the drinks.笑
Amazing view, and that's about it.

Been wanting to check this place out ever since I moved in across the road. Disappointing! 

Despite it being virtually empty, the service was atrocious. Bartender + kitchen staff were gossiping and joking the entire time. Food was dry (okay, fine, you don't come here for the food, but still). 

I'd suggest you do a 180 and turn around!笑
Really enjoyed the time at this restaurant. My wife and I went there for her birthday. The food was absolutely delightful and everything we had tasted excellent. We started by sharing the Crab and Lobster dip (the server recommended it was big enough for two people). The meat tasted fresh and exceeded our expectations. The only drawback was that it seemed to be slightly on the salty side, and there was not enough chips to use (which is a good problem because we got a lot of the dip). For our mains my wife had the Pork Tenderloin Porchetta and I had Gnocchi Primavera. These meals were simply amazing. Although the portions sizes initially seemed a bit small the food was very rich so it was still filling. My Gnocchi was soft and tasty, and the filling was perfect. The tenderloin was soft to the taste and quite chewy. For dessert we shared the Cheesecake Cannoli (one order is good for two people). What we enjoyed most was that the Cannoli was not too sweet, it was just the right amount of sugar, and the strawberries alongside it was a nice touch. 

The décor and ambience at The One Eighty was extraordinary, and you could see that the hard work in renovations truly paid off. One cannot forget the amazing views that this restaurant has to offer, overlooking the Toronto skyline. It was cold so we did not go out on the patio for long. This restaurant is great for couples looking for a romantic atmosphere or people just looking for a nice patio to lounge. 

The service was very good and the food was served fast, we went at 10 pm (just before the kitchen closed) so although there was quite a few patrons many of them were there for the drinks. Our server was friendly without being overbearing.

A definite recommend. 

Overall the cost was $97.00 after tax/before tips, that's pretty good based on the quality of food, the amazing atmosphere and exceptional service. 

Would revisit 

TLDR: Amazing restaurant, with extraordinary view and delectable food. Would be even better in the summer. Portions were a bit small but would Definitely recommend.笑
I came here with my parents on a Sunday evening. The restaurant is located on the 51st floor of the Manulife office building situated in Yorkville (the entrance is on the 2nd floor of the food court complex). 

I recommend that you make reservations. Although you cannot specifically reserve for the patio, making an earlier reservation (such as 5PM) will increase your chances that there is a patio facing the south side with the spectacular view of the downtown core. Unfortunately we made our reservations later at 8PM and could only sit on the north side patio.

Food: The food was above average. We shared the beef carpaccio to start. I was actually expecting the portion sizes to be smaller given that it is a fancier restaurant, but was pleasantly surprised at the decent portion. The appetizer was average, as there was a little too much chive oil. For the main, we each tried the cornish hen with zucchini tagliatelle - again good portion sizes and the chicken was juicy and soft. The only con about the food was the price - the beef carpaccio was $17.50 while the cornish hen was nearly $30. 

Service: Excellent service, our waitress was friendly and checked up on us quite a bit. 

Ambience: As expected, the view of Toronto is amazing as we watched the sun set. The restaurant is set up to be very upscale, with patrons dressing the part as well. 

I'm giving 4 stars because despite the pricey menu, the food is better than expected and the experience of the view makes up for it. A must try for locals and tourists alike.笑
If you want a great view with great service, this is the place. I was here for a company social so we booked the entire place off for ourselves. You have your choice of seating--inside or outside, on chairs or on sofas, etc. The furniture and décor are simple and classy. And of course, the view is really something. It's on the 51st floor of the Manulife building and there's a patio on either side so that you can sit outside and enjoy the view. One side faces the CN tower and the other side faces the sunset so it's a win-win regardless of where you sit.
 
The service was the best part. My friend and I went to the bar to get a drink each and when we went back to the bar a while later, the bartender remembered our drinks exactly--even though there were probably over 50 of us in the venue. As it got later, we had a DJ playing music and some of the servers were dancing along and really adding to the great atmosphere of the place. One of the servers was asking people who were by themselves if they were having a good time and actually took the time to make sure everyone was enjoying themselves. I was really impressed with all the things the employees here did.
 
As for the food, we didn't order from a set menu for this event. We mainly got sliders and small dishes. The food I tried--steak, ravioli, sushi, etc--wasn't that great... but I don't know if their regular menu is better or not. Nevertheless, I'd still recommend coming here just for the view and service.笑
This is a review of the rooftop experience on week nights, and drinks (not the food)

It's rare, I must say, to be able to enjoy a quiet rooftop lounge where you'd actually be able to have an engaging conversation with an old friend against the backdrop of Toronto cityscape, but One Eighty does the trick.

Drinks, I must say, are so-so and a bit watered down; wouldn't recommend this place for cocktails, but would recommend it for a weekday night meetup.笑
Terrible service DO NOT COME HERE:

- had to pay a $5 cover fee for a restaurant 
- came at 8:30 for an 8:45 reservation 
- didn't get seated until 9:50 because our table was given away to a VIP, ridiculous 
- was finally seated and wasn't given any menus 
- ordered all appetizers but nothing came 
- salad entrees were given to individuals 30 minutes before the entire table so when the food came out for the rest of the table those people were left to sit there 
- water glass was broken and shattered at the table 
- to top all off, the manager on duty was absolutely unacceptable
- we asked to speak to a manger three times and he did not address us whatsoever 
- when we were brought to the table an hour later the manger did not address himself nor did he apologize for the wait 
- overall a terrible experience笑
the view was amazing. cocktail and food-on-the-cart are really great. The only cocktail drink I did not like was the lotus - which was recommended by the server. It smelled like cheap hand soap.笑
There are good and bad things about this restaurant which make it an overall 3 stars. First off, the skyline view of Toronto is absolutely gorgeous from Panorama's 51st floor patio. Admittedly I find the decor inside a bit tacky (think VIP section at a mediocre club in the entertainment district) but has improved substantially since the recent renovations. That's just my personal taste though, I know others who like the look. 

Aesthetics aside, the drinks are good, not great. Over the years I've had tried most of their frozen cocktails which are delicious if you have a sweet tooth like myself. Not very alcoholic so they feel more like a dessert than a cocktail. Expect this or be disappointed. The wine selection is decent, good variety of reds, whites, and rose. Decent spirits and scotch menu if you ask for one. Expect to pay a few dollars more than what you would pay in normal altitude bars. 

Food is enjoyable but also marked up. I recommend the desserts over the meals. Service is friendly. All in all a decent place with above average prices because of the view but worth it :) I always come back for the view... it's something you really can't put a price on. 

Note that the place is rarely over 50% full despite it's ideal location. This is due to the overpriced mediocre food and drinks. Also the staff can be a bit snobby if you don't "look the part". I suspected this and my suspicions were confirmed upon reading several other reviews.笑
I just got engaged 15 min before arriving at this restaurant.  Unfortunately, I have a fractured foot.  I was wearing a boot and suffering with crutches.  We waited more than 10 min for the hostess to come and seat us.  There was one couple seated inside only.  The waiter and waitresses acknoledged us, but none of them offered me a seat.  The hostess finally came and tried to seat us behind the couple.  We asked if we could sit elsewhere.  She was annoyed at our request.  She did a seat us where we wanted in the end.  
Our waitress came to us right away.  We ordered water while we looked over the drink menu.  I was excited to try your coconut mojito.  There was a problem.  Our waitress never returned back to our table.  I was so upset!  We left.笑
I will never get back the hour nor the money I wasted at this restaurant today at brunch,
Worst buffet style brunch ever- colourless, tasteless, tired and limp. The "waffle" was only one step up from a packaged EGGO.  No cutlery on the table, no water offered til after the bill was paid! Coffee might have been offered as an aplology for this poor effort, but was not included in the 37$ ( yes, 37)!!
Last week in London Ont., I went to Denny's with a friend and her little grandaughter; The food there was very much superior to this tired  excuse for a restaurant.This place is a Room with a View, but  ONLY a view!笑
I had an amazing time at the one eighty last Wednesday. Had a great table on the south side with a few of my girlfriends. The lady serving us was so warm and friendly and had great product knowledge since we had a few restrictions at our table. Food was amazing, we had the risotto that our server recommended as a gluten free dish and a ribbon salad that she also strongly recommended as its one of her favourites. I will definitely be returning sometime soon!!笑
This was my first visit during the week (all other previous visits were on a Friday/Saturday night) and the first time I was able to sit outside and enjoy an amazing South view. The food was better than I remember it to be: my tuna tartare and fish tacos were delicious. Our waitress was attentive and very pleasant. Will certainly come back.笑
Myself and my lovely boss rented this space out to organize our company's anniversary. 

Everything was perfectly organized how we wanted it - RCMP bartenders, refreshing great drinks, good wine, musicians, magicians, balloons, literally a birthday party how you would imagine it for a company. I highly appreciated the organizer's and staffs support. 

The venue itself is breath taking. Take a seat on the balcony and enjoy the wonderful view if you get the chance to travel/visit Toronto.笑
Nice view! That's all! Poor food, really bad service and incredibly boring atmosphere.
Booked in advance so I could have a nice table, game me one without the nice view.
Also it was a Saturday night and the place was empty, that says enough about it. 
Suddenly the terrace with the view to the skyline was closed because some people at a table didn't like the wind (restaurant was empty, give them another table, don't close the terrace which is the main reason people go there). Finally a waitress gave me 2 minutes to take a picture and was super rude about it! I can't even explain what a horrible service it is!
Pizza was very dry, almost nothing on top of it and when I asked if it was maybe missing something because it was mainly dough, the waitress said no, that's how it comes but it's seasoned with olive oil. 
My recommendation: get there, have a coffee, take some pictures and never come back! Seriously not worth it!
$160 CAD bill for 2 people, not worth just for the view.笑
So incredibly bad.  Go up, use washroom and leave.  The food is too pricy and quite poor.  The alcohol is usuriously expensive and tastes watered down.  The waitress was actually on her phone texting wile taking order.  2 stars only for the view.  Hope it gets shut down soon and replaced with something better笑
The view of this place is stunning, of course. Thats the greatest attribute about it which makes it a place you must stop in Toronto. As for the food, the menu is extremely limiting. Food is definitely high quality but portion sizes are small. We ordered the crab and lobster dip which was amazing but we were scraping the tray with the kettle chip crumbs within minutes. Prices are really high for what you receive. Overall the experience is excellent but I wouldn't frequent it if I lived in Toronto. The cocktails were very subpar for being as expensive as they were. Service was by far the slowest I've had in a long time which was so disappointing for the fact of how expensive it was and how empty the restaurant was. Side note: it's also extremely difficult to find. 
My advice: go up to the top, take some pictures, and leave笑
Came here for some desserts. We ordered the Jumbo Molten Chocolate Macaroon & Vanilla Bean Ice Cream + Lemon Meringue Tart & Raspberry Gastrique. Presentation was absolutely beautiful. I'm not sure of the macaroon was supposed to ooze like a lava cake because it didn't. It tasted amazing and wasn't overly sweet. Normally I don't like lemon meringue but this wasn't overly sour too. Would come back to try their drinks and dishes. The view is one of the best in the city. Worth the visit.笑
So disappointed. Overpriced and not worth it !!

The food was disappointing. The only reason why I gave 3 stars is their drinks are good. They have a large drink menu.
Other than that, their food is just deep fried and no better than the food from a pub in Toronto. 

Probably not going back again.笑
Came here with my boyfriend for our 5 year anniversary. The restaurant itself is super cute for a date night and the view is breathtaking. However, you will def. want to dress up here as the restaurant is classy. 

The service was really good. Our waiter was sweet and very attentive. He suggested items from the menu and checked up on us here and there. Also, we wanted a seat by the window with the CN Tower view, but it was pretty packed. The staff were really helpful, and when a table cleared up, they remembered to ask us if we wanted to sit around there.

The food was okay, but not the best considering where we were having dinner. I got the margherita pizza, which I personally loved. However, the pizza was super thin and kept falling apart! It was $24, so I hoped for a bit more. My boyfriend got the crispy pork belly, and I had a bite as well. We both found it okay, not the best, for $32 we would've expected a bit more.

Overall, it was a good experience, just wished the food was better. I feel like it's overpriced for what we got, but the view was worth it.笑
Feeling like Drake, I came to The One Eighty for the Views from the 6.

But that was all I got from here. With the swanky atmosphere, upscale attire and professionalism from the staff, and music from today's hip hop and pop hits, this place feels more like a club than a restaurant. Unfortunately, what you're truly paying for is what you see instead of what you're eating and drinking.

I ordered the Grapefruit Cucumber Fizz along with the Crab and Lobster Dip to kick off my evening. The pace of serving isn't super prompt, but I get the feeling that the pace is intentionally slowed down for people to really enjoy the view and fresh air. I'm totally cool with that. I'm a very patient fellow. Anyways, the cocktail had an excellent presentation and was refreshing, but not much of the gin kick I would expect for $18CAD. There was an abundance of fruit and cucumber in there but it only blocked my straw from hitting the juice at the bottom.

The Crab and Lobster Dip ($19.5CAD) looked very appealing and had an abundance of seafood in there, no complaints; but it didn't have much of a personality. If I didn't accept the server's offer to season the appetizer with black pepper it would have been VERY bland.

It's disheartening to say, but the food and drinks just reinforces the business model here; all show but no substance. But who cares about that, the view here great, right? RIGHT?笑
I can only base my review on the view and the drinks, as I've never had the food here before. Heard of mixed reviews about it though.

When coming here, I highly recommend sitting at the patio, specifically the south side for the better view. It's best to make reservations and every time we've made reservations we had a seat right away at the patio. I would wait longer for the patio if I had to only because of the view (and make sure the weather is cooperating too!) 

When coming with a group of 6 or more, there is 18% gratuity involved and they say you have to spend a minimum of $30. We originally had a party of 6, but things changed and we didn't have to spend a minimum of $30 anymore as we were only getting drinks. They would probably seat you by the couch, as most of the tables outside are for tables of 2 or 4. 

Our server was fantastic. I wish I got her name but I wouldn't want to embarrass her and call her out here. Regardless, she was friendly, efficient, attentive, and made great suggestions in terms of what to order on the menu. She would stop by every so often ensuring everything was okay which was very kind of her. Drinks were about $15.50, but if you want virgin, it's just about half the price. I recommend getting the cold coffee drink (with the beans yea!) if you want to stop by. 

DJ is fantastic + music is great! I think she got a good chuckle when I told her there was no more toilet paper in the female's washroom. Of all people, I told the DJ but at least she was not pretentious about it haha.笑
I took a friend from out of town here thinking it was this really great place, we even reserved over a week in advance (not sure why I was under this false impression). What a mistake!

We came here for Sunday brunch, it was a bit rainy so the whole view thing was gone. The place was COMPLETELY dead, the decor was tacky and the people working there were completely unprofessional. The food was average and overpriced, trying too hard to be modern cuisine. We all left disappointed. 

Let me emphasize how bad the service was:
1. the waitress was rude to EVERYONE on the table as soon as we sat down. 
2. none of the dishes came out at the same time so someone ended up almost finishing before the other started
3. She kept forgetting to get us things like a side of bacon, cutlery and water!
3. I will never forget this: I ordered an americano with a side of soy milk. The server told me I can't do this because "the americano comes with milk already inside it". I told her no it didn't it was just an espresso with steamed water and I prefer the milk on the side, and she turned this into a FULL on argument. She insisted that the machine "makes it that way" and that I was wrong. Seeing as how I have an americano every single day I just let it go and told her okay and to get it for me however the machine made it. Of course, she brought it out 30 minutes later and guess what? No milk! I then decided to lighten the mood as she seemed so upset to be wrong and made a joke. She THEN responded with "actually just so you know, americanos are made differently everywhere in the world."

(I gave it a 2 star only because I know the view is great and maybe if we were seated outside with a different waitress we may have not had such a shitty experience)笑
The foods is DEFF not worth the price you pay.... A salad my friend ordered was like shredded lettuce and had very minimal cheese/meat on it.. however, stunning views so I recommend checking it out anyway.笑
Come here for the view, but stay away if you want good food.

It's the view. That's it. Everything else is just slightly above mediocre - that goes for the food AND service. And if it's chilly in the evening, you can forget the view. There's no heaters out there.

I paid a visit recently, for a birthday, and everything from start to end was disastrous. 

At 8 people, we're not a big party. The restaurant (for a Saturday night) was not busy. At 7:30, there was 2 other tables, and with only 2 guests per. Even as  a 'lounge' later in the evening, it was half empty.

Our server still managed to mix up our orders, and get them wrong.

The food was disappointing. Their truffle gnocci w/ burrata cheese and wild mushroom sauce, was the 'most memorable'. Even then, it arrived lukewarm. The tacos lacked flavor, and tasted like a cheap home meal with frozen store-bought fish. Desserts were 'meh', drinks were meh. 

Our table was next to the kitchen. How can the food be lukewarm?!

Our friend got charged a cake-cutting fee of $45, but they didn't even cut it. Our server did pretty much nothing, but stand at the bar with another server, chatting the whole night. 

There are plenty of other restaurants downtown, with patios and a great view. I don't see a reason to revisit this place. Even if it's your first time, is their view really worth it?笑
5 star view. But the food, not so much. 
Located on the 51st floor of the Manulife building. 
Servers dressed in all black, men with gold bow ties. Very swaggy feel. 

Came here last night for a birthday. 
Menu was limited with high end descriptions which were enticing and interesting combinations. We started with sea salt focaccia. I had the marguerita on the board and my boyfriend got the chicken. 

The focaccia was a salty small bun. Thought it would be warm with olive oil like we've had at other fine dining but it wasn't. Our entrees were decent at best. The marguerita on the board ($24) was essentially thin dough with almost no mozzarella or sauce. Very dry and plan. Just covered in fresh herbs. Wouldn't order again. My boyfriend chicken ($32) looked amazing. Very very seasoned. But the top piece was dry and the bottom was solid fat and skin. Multiple pieces were solid slime. It was so off putting. Not worth the price at all. 

The atmosphere was great and the view was superb but the food wasn't at all worth the hype we expected. You're paying for the view and the surroundings rather than meals even though the meals are higher cost. 

Will not return. Would not recommend. 2 stars笑
Beautiful place, beautiful view, beautiful food.
We ordered the fish tacos and ribbon salad first, and I can't speak for the ribbon salad but those halibut tacos were amongst the best foods I've ever eaten. 
Next we ordered the crab and lobster dip which was very nice. I wish they gave more chips, though.
For desert we shared a lemon meringue which was simply incredible. I'd go back just for the fish tacos and lemon meringue. The service was also excellent, of course.笑
I came here for the atmosphere, gorgeous view and the food. The first two elements lived up to my expectations while the last, failed me unfortunately. Let's start with the pros. Service, as provided by the famous Richard (server), was amazing. He was attentive, courteous, and made good conversation with us. 

The place itself it somewhat small and the tables are pretty close together. The music is pretty loud if that matters to you. You do have to talk loud to hear one another. But that is part of the vibe. Decor is modern and fancy. Everyone is dressed to the nines and then you have the day tourist who are coming in with shorts and t-shirts. 

I came on a special night when the moon was reflecting a band of light off of Lake Ontario. The view was beyond spectacular. That DID make up for the sub-par food which I will get to next. You can easily take your drinks out to the patio and take all the pretty selfies you want. =)

Ordered the asian noodle salad dish. It was basically raw, uncooked instant noodles mixed with some other ingredients. My date did not enjoy it one bit. The only redeeming factor were the shrimps. Chicken and waffles fared better but not by much. The waffles were stale and soggy. It was a real let down to be honest. The jalapeno and cherries were a nice touch but it couldnt save the dish. The fruit passion cake dessert was decent. Not 'wow' as a dessert should be. The 180 baileys drink was delicious but given that baileys on its own is so good, its not hard to make it taste good.

Overall, I am giving 180 a 4*. One knock down for sub-par food. 4 stars for service, atmosphere, moon light and vibe. I would only come again if I was invited there. Note: $5 per person to get up the elevator.笑
Magnificent view of the Toronto city!

It is the perfect place to take someone on a romantic date or to just wind down with your friends for dinner and drinks :) The view is absolutely breathtaking on the 51st floor. Even if you're not seated at a window seat, you're welcome to venture out to their patio to have an even better view of our city!

I am still so in love with my experience at The One-Eighty (what used to be Panorama 360). Service is smooth, friendly and attentive. (Btw, Richard is fantastic - I love how he connects with customers, and offers great recommendations!) With recent renovations and a completely new and exciting food and drinks menu, the relaunch brought the restaurant to whole new level.

I adore the new furniture, light fixtures and the modern and chic decor! The new bar area looks much bigger, brighter and more welcoming :) It is the center of attention right when you walk in. There is also a live DJ's booth right beside it too... looking forward to another NYE party this year! As for the patio, they will soon be taking out the metal railings and putting in clear glass! The view is going to be even more spectacular without the "barriers" :D

Although I do miss the lobster mac and cheese, the new menu offers a variety of popular good eats... flat bread pizza, creamy pasta, tacos and dips :) I ordered the chicken and waffle and it had a nice balance of sweet, savory and spice! They also newly added a tapas-styled food cart that serves chef's daily specials from $3-$10 each... the brussel sprouts caesar salad was very delicious.

The Shaken + Stirred section on the new drinks menu is definitely worth checking out. It offers cocktails that have been made and bottled on the day of by their bartender. Limited bottles made daily. If you're looking for a sweeter girly drink, go for the Rosemary Bramble! Or if you enjoy a light summer drink, go for the One Eighty Spritz :) They really kicked the visual presentation up a notch with that huge iced cube and nice fancy garnishes ;) Love it.

I would definitely come back again :) Can't wait to try more items on their food and drinks menu. And I'm very determined to try all their desserts next time as well hahaha... meanwhile, keep up the great work :D!!笑
Place is absolutely incredible. Location is top notch. Service is fantastic. This place should be jam packed with patrons it's so nice.笑
The food was absolutely terrible and so was the service. None of our 12 guests enjoyed their food. The atmosphere has also changed compared to when I originally visited this restaurant a few years back. It has lost its lounge type feel.笑
If I were rating it based on views, they'd get a higher rating but I'd like to do my review on service - the long and the short - it was awful.

We got out of the elevator, waited at the front check in for 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. They were all running around like a chicken with their heads cut off, even though the place isn't very big. We finally found out table, waited forever for our server.  She finally shows up and she seemed impatient already, took our orders but didn't check in often.  As we got up and walked around, we were submerged into servers running food as if we were in their way, impatiently saying, EXCUSE ME, as they wanted to pass. 

We had a party there, they couldn't split up the bill- fine- but they were then no where to be found when we were ready to pay, waited 15 minutes before they came back and looked annoyed when we wanted to pay separately. 

Terrible, go for the view but don't go for magical service. Expect to pay high prices, and people who make you feel inconvenienced to be there.笑
This is a restaurant that operates on the basis of emptying people's wallets by getting away with very mediocre food under the guise of an amazing view of the city. It holds a sneaky monopoly, in that respect.

One can expect to receive meagre portions at a high price point, all whilst tasting bland relative to the quality that could be found elsewhere. That is to say, from what was ordered, the consensus of the table was the following: the ribs were dry and burnt, smothered in an unidentifiable barbecue sauce of some sort; the Pizzas were just fine; the Tacos were underwhelming; the Piri Piri Chicken Drummies were laughable in their petite size; the Chocolate Lava Cake was a con in that it resembled nothing of its title; and the drinks were poorly made. 

Ride the elevator up 51 floors, sneak in some photos, then come back down to reality.笑
I recently attended a media preview of the rebranded restaurant, The One Eighty on the 51st floor of the Manulife Centre. I took the time to admire the contemporary and stylish design of the restaurant, which features industrial metals and a soft grey palette. I took in the million dollar views of Toronto's ever evolving, gorgeous skyline. 

I greeted my friends and our attentive server offered me a refreshing rosemary bramble cocktail. It was the perfect start to a sumptuous feast. Yorkville is synonymous with luxury and what is more luxurious than tableside bar cart service? Bringing back this service stops indecisiveness in its tracks, as you can instantly choose appetizers that catch your fancy. I chose the incredible savoury and sweet foie gras crème brûlée. Rich and creamy, it was as tasty as it was indulgent. 

Our table also shared the freshly baked Margherita pizza with flavourful San Marzano tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella and basil. The pizza is hand stretched and is accompanied with spicy and chive infused extra virgin olive oils for a burst of bold flavours. I also sampled the delicate beef carpaccio accompanied with French green beans, frisée, chive oil and pecorino. The next dish was a simple, yet delicious ricotta caprese salad. The arugula was flavoured with acidic balsamic vinegar and the rich ricotta cheese provided a satisfying creamy texture. 

For the main course, I had the divine beef tenderloin, which is among the most tender steak I have had the pleasure of enjoying. Pan seared and cooked to perfection, it is served with smooth buttermilk spun potatoes and balanced well with asparagus. 

Just as I thought that it could not get any better, I was treated to a trio of mouth-watering desserts. I have eaten panna cotta before, but I have never had it with creamsicle flavouring. It was unique, fluffy and bold in flavour with candied orange and petrified mandarin crisps. The lemon meringue verrine with buttery graham streusel was silky and tart. I saved the best for last, enjoying each morsel of the chocolate peanut butter tart accompanied with candied peanut bark and dark chocolate ganache. Heavenly is the only word that will suffice in describing this decadent chocolate lover's treat. 

It was certainly a memorable occasion with warm service, scrumptious and dynamic dishes and unforgettable views of Toronto's stunning skyline. With options galore and a feast for the senses, I cannot wait to return to The One Eighty. 

http://thisbeautifuldayblog.com/the-one-eighty-toronto/笑
Came here on a Thursday night for dinner with a group of friends, we made reservations in advance.

Atmosphere: the view was amazing, which was the main reason why we decided to come here. I suggest coming here near sunset time to enjoy the view both in the day and night time!
Food: was nothing special, not the best.
Drinks: over priced and really small quantities. 
Service: decent

Overall, enjoyed the experience but probably wouldn't come again笑
Nice view of Toronto. The servers are friendly. Nice spot to go for drinks and relax to enjoy how peaceful Toronto can actually be when looking down from the restaurant.笑
Only came here for late night drinks, so can't comment on the dinner menu BUT that view! 

I really need to come here during the day to get some pictures. Will update once revisited.笑
It's a classy place with a really nice atmosphere and view. In terms of the food, their menu is quite limited and they weren't able to susbtitute items in the dishes either, which other restaurants like this usually do. 
I ordered the Provencal Salmon which tasted good but I had some sort of grit or sand in my dish. I informed the server about this and she diid apologise but didn't offer to replace it. 

Their alcoholic menu is quite extensive笑
I went to this restaurant as a guest attending a work event. The view was nice but it did not make up for the food. There were food stations: sushi, pizza, mac & cheese, pulled pork, tacos and a decorate-your-own cookie bar. I didn't have the sushi as it looked like it wasn't fresh (it could have been fine but I wasn't gonna test it), the pizza (three cheese or pepperoni) was COLD although it was being served from a chafing dish which should have burners. After looking at photos some people posted, the pizza was not at all like the flatbreads in the photos. It actually looked (and tasted) like they bought a party-size pizza from Pizza Pizza and served it to us. The mac & cheese was dry and COLD as well (though it was also served from a chafing dish). It tasted barely of cheese. It was like they boiled the noodles and then dusted them with bread crumbs. (OK, I'm exaggerating here but only by a very little bit). The pulled pork was served on a bed of mashed potatoes. The meat's texture and temperature was fine but it was very, very bland and the potatoes didn't add anything to the dish.  The tacos were also flavourless and the beef or grilled vegetable filling was served on cold, thick flour tortillas. The salsa and guacamole served with it were store-bought (or at least looked and tasted that way).  The cookie bar was what looked like store-bought gingerbread and sugar cookies with some toppings from the Bulk Barn and some icing tubes taken from the baking aisle at Michael's craft and décor store.  This would have been perfect food for a WASP convention or a group of 5 year olds. As a guest, I was appreciative for the invite but if I paid for this food I would be angry. It was OBVIOUS where they tried to cut corners and shave expense. Oh, and the bathroom... They water down their hand soap like what you do at home when you just ran out and need to extend the remaining bit until you can pick up some more. Also, the bathroom had a lingering poop smell.笑
The One Eighty is a bar/lounge located on the 51st floor of the Manulife Centre near Yonge/Bloor.

There is no host or concierge at the ground floor elevator, so you go up yourself. There is only 2 floors: 51st, and 1st.  Upon arrival at the top, I was greeted by a hostess and offered a booth with a CN tower facing skyline, or a table with an average view. Opted for the first!

Drinks were pricey, however I am understanding, as part of it pays for the view. You can walk out to the 360 observation deck at any time to take photos. 

The beer was average, service was below average. Our waiter rarely checked in on us, and it took FOREVER to get our bill.

Come for the nice view and a drink. They have $10 drink specials from 10pm-2am on Friday and Saturday.笑
My favorite place
Amazing city view
Don't miss at the sunset 
The menu is short
Tastes good
The waiters are super friendly笑
Came here for the first time since they changed from panorama to the 180.
Had a fantastic time from beginning to end, my date & I were seated by the window with a great view, my date ordered the salmon & I ordered the risotto, now here is what sold me on their customer service, the risotto was somewhat bland, I had a tough time eating it, I ate about 1/4 of it when I pushed it aside, about 5 min after I took my last bite a gentleman appeared at our table and introduced himself as the manager, Nicholas, he noticed I left back quite a bit if the risotto and asked me for my opinion for which I said it was ok but bland, he agreed with me to my surprise and offered to swap it out for sonething else, at first I opposed, but eventually gave in and he brought out his recommendation for which I forgot the name of but was totally delicious !! Bravo Nicholas ! Your customer service was fantastic, my date & I could not get over your hospitality ! For this I will return !! The ambiance was totally incredible my date she loved it !笑
Love the place, nice view and opens at Sunday night late:)笑
My friend took me here and I honestly didn't even know it existed. The view is indeed beautiful. You could definitely get caught up gazing and the picturesque urban landscape. This is quickly overshadowed by the deplorable food.

My friend and I ordered the pork belly tacos and crab dip. Kettle chips came with the dip, it was somehow stale and crunchy, like re-fried discarded chips from the last Leaf's win. The dip was okay. The tacos were a firm no. The mini tortillas were dry, one of my tacos had just grilled pig belly fat-no actual meat in it.

Drinks were pretty good though. Small quantity, large price but had a good taste. Bravo to the bartender.

Most appalling was our service. Our waitress' pretentious attitude was really unfortunate. Her questionable attitude was most apparent during her curiosity surrounding our missing table candle. My friend and I didn't even notice it was gone. Our waitress came to our table and said "wasn't there a candle when you got to this table?" We said yes, she asks, "well, where did it go?". My friend then proceeds to tell her that we don't really know, just that when we got the food, the candle was probably taken by the other waitress to create more room. Our waitress said okay and walked past us, only to look into my friend's open bag hanging from her chair for what I presume is her precious missing candle...

Did she really just think that my friend or I would come to this restaurant, eat below average food, drink overpriced beverages, so we could steal a Dollarama candle?

I'm never coming here again; the view is nice but nothing I experienced was worthwhile. For those that really want the view, get a pic, get a drink and get out before the regret sets in.笑
Located in the Manulife building, this restaurant/bar is classy and elegant. On this particular night it was unfortunately very cloudy so we didn't go outside to see the view. 

We noticed that majority of the patrons seem to be women, professional type out with their girlfriends to enjoy cocktails and gabfest. There are some couples but they are usually a bit older. 

The service here is attentive. The staff chitchat with you like normal conversation. We were not rushed to order.

I think this is more a place for cocktails, as evidenced by the prominent first 2 pages in the menu. They do also have wine, spirits and beers but the selections are a bit reduced. The food menu is at the back of the menu. I suspect it's not really a dinner spot. The food is probably just there so we don't get too drunk too quickly lol.

I ordered the 51, which is Bailey, white cacao, kaluhai, and ice cream (i was in a sweet tooth mood) I cannot really taste much of the alcohol.

We ordered crab dip and ahi tuna. The tuna was very small portion. They came in tiny cute ice cream cones that seemed to be wasabi flavoured. The crab dip was creamy, albeit a bit difficult to scoop up so they gave you a spoon to put on the chips.

I don't think the quality of the drink or food is that exceptional, but one comes here for the ambience and the service. I'd return for certain occasions, but not for what's on the menu笑
Great view of Toronto to the north and south!  Service is exceptional and food was great.  Chicken waffles is quite tasty and the flatbread pizzas were very very good.  You definitely pay for the ambience and it was worth it.笑
I enjoyed the view and the food was pricey but tasty. The service wasn't the greatest since we had to chase down people to get some service, mind you, we were a big group. It was clear that priority was given to the customers who had outdoor seating.笑
Came here on their Sunday Valentine's Day Event. It is located at 51th floor of manulife building on bloor street. The view is great especially at night. But I won't say it is a fine dining place, because the seating and table setting are kind of cheap. So the menu is overpriced. The food isn't that good, but it is not bad. Overall, it is a good place for dating once a while.笑
First time at this place went with a special friend:) beautiful day out mix and sun and chilly day. We went at Brunch time on Sunday and sat facing the skyline. And must say the view was spectacular( I'm giving four stars for the view specially) there was not much to select from brunch menu however we picked margarita pizza and halibut tacos and they were  delicious. Little over price for the food but location compensates;) for the dessert we got chocolate lava macaroon with vanilla bean ice cream and totally in love with it..  It was delish..the servers were very professional and attentive.. I recommend this place and shall go back may be for dinner;)笑
I wish I could give this more than three stars. We came today for brunch. All the way to the 51st floor. Panoramic views of the city and the lake. It's Beautiful. There are seating areas on balconies on both sides of the restaurant. On a hot sunny day like today there are plenty of parasols for shade. 

The food and service were a let down. Service was particularly slow. We had to ask for water refills. Mimosa was made with what tasted like fresh real oj so that was a plus. Mine had a raspberry. My friends didn't. The monitor also did well. I had the halibut tacos. They are small, fresh and tasty. A nice portion for brunch. The frittata was bland and needed seasoning (which also took a while to arrive). Also serves with spicy oil drizzle. The pizza  portion is huuuuuuge. Very thin crust European style with a scissors to cut it up. The eggs benedict was a very small portion but I'm told it was tasty. Splitting a cheque was a bit of a problem. Very very expensive overall for stunning views and mediocre food and service.笑
Go for the view... not the food or drinks... great place to take a date but let it just be for the view.笑
Disappointing experience. We had a reservation for 7:00pm but were asked to wait for 30 minutes as a table was not available on the outside deck. They explained that they do not take reservations for outside tables...which I was ok with and agreed to wait at the bar. 

About an hour later I again inquired about my table and the hostess graciously apologized and said we were next on the wait list. A few minutes after that a waitress came to us with a selection of four sample size (not appetizer size) hors d'oeuvre and said she heard we had been waiting for an extended amount of time and hence would we like to try some hors d'oeuvers. I took this as a nice gesture which is not uncommon for a decent restaurant and tried 2 of the 4 samples (2 shrimp and 2 small duck spring rolls). No mention of price or the like was made. 

Soon after our table was ready and we were asked to settle our drinks bill at the bar itself. To my surprise there was a $16 charge for the hors d'oeuvers. When I questioned it I was assured that a manager would come to our table and settle the matter. 

We finished our meal but a manger never came. I asked our server if I could speak to the manager (our server was very nice) and explained to him what happened but he would come back and inform us that the manager says there is nothing he can do, at best offer us free desert. The least the manager could have done was give us the respect to talk to us directly. 

In the end we just paid and rather than continuing to drink there chose to go elsewhere.笑
The One Eighty deserves a 3.5 in my books. The ambience and views are amazing, the service and management is great but the food is nothing special.

The biggest mistake we made is that we came to the restaurant hungry. I know it sounds funny but if you're coming here, come for drinks and apps. They have an amazing selection of mixed drinks.

I ordered the Halibut Tacos, which were nice and fresh except for the fish part. Honestly the crispy fish could have been from Costco's frozen food section for all I knew.

The pizza was beautiful but tasted very basic.

Overall, less than average food but it was nice to sit on the balcony overlooking the Toronto skyline on a beautiful day like today.

P.S Free Parking for 2 hours if you spend over $25笑
On the 51st floor of the Manulife Building near the corner of Yonge and Bloor. Stunning - really stunning - view, so worth the trip just for this (warning: $5 cover charge on weekend nights). Grab a drink, some friends or a date, and make the trip up to look out over the beautiful toronto cityscape. The view to the right is certainly MUCH better than the view to the left. 

Negatives: no outdoor heating lamps, overpriced everything, mediocre food, forced atmosphere inside with no bar vibe. I don't know, you kind of want to see people hanging out or visiting the bar itself...it was totally empty which surprised me.

We got the crab and lobster dip for $19 -- cheesy and underwhelming. Also, strange to serve this with kettle chips. Why not crackers or bread? So that one doesn't feel like a complete piglet by stuffing something deep fried AND dripping in cheese/oil into one's mouth? :)

Probably wouldn't go back, but highly encourage a first time for everyone.笑
Overpriced, very weak and watered down cocktails, average food. 

Haibut Tacos - Good - this was the only thing I ate that I found tasty. 
Crab & Lobster Dip - Not very good- just  tasted cheesy and fishy.
Citrus Gravlox - Average, nothing to write home about. I only had one bite and didn't want any more.

Cocktails: All of us got a cocktail and everyone agreed they didn't taste like they had any alcohol in them. We ended up leaving and going downtown for Cocktails at the Shangri-la where they are much better for the price.

They tried to charge each of us a $5 cover charge when we arrived just before 9pm for a 9:15 reservation. I guess they charge a cover after 9pm even if you're having dinner. They argued that it was for the DJ but we reserved a table and wanted to sit outside. You can't even hear the DJ outside where we sat! Completely stupid considering the prices on the menu.

The view was nice, but I would only come here for one drink and then leave and eat somewhere else. Definitely won't come back here, disappointing overall笑
Amazing view with very friendly and accommodating service. Ordered the eggs Benedict with asparagus. Really liked their scones. Ordered for home fries but they got me baked chips with a dip which were delicious. Their mojito wasn't that great. It was too diluted.笑
This place was great ...!!! 

Noodle salad was 7/10 ..
Entrees 8/10 
Drinks 5/10 

But still recommended!! The view is amazing笑
They charged my fellow diner $2·50 for hot water. This is Canada and we don't charge people for water or assistance.

The portions of most dishes are small and prices hefty. The service is adequate except for the server initially saying that it would based on how busy she is that would determine if we'd get separate bills - that is shameful especially since they added an automatic gratuity - for that verbal disservice? Though we did get separate bills.

This is just a way overpriced place and totally not worth it. If you want the view, go to the CN tower instead.笑
This place has become a dump since it changed over from the Panorama. And a pretentious dump on top of that! I ordered my first drink there, which took about 20 minutes to receive. My second and final drink was much faster, since the bartender figured out how to make it this time. Both drinks were the same ( zombies). The price of this drink had gone up to $13.50, from $12.00 two months ago. The waitress had not bothered to tell me this prior to my ordering the drink. When I got the bill I asked what was this all about? The moron manager of this joint told me that the prices had increased towards the end of summer. Avoid this dump and save yourself time and money!笑
The one eighty, well what can I say about this place other than this place neglects people that don't fit their regular description of a customer. I came here on a sunday afternoon - it was me and two other buddies. We all came down to check out the view and also try some of the food although we already heard that the food is mediocre and nothing to look forward to. It is mostly a drink place.

First thing is right when we walk in the lady at the front stared us down, maybe because we weren't in dress clothes or hipster gear. My friend and I were both wearing hats so we took those off when she asked and that was understandable. After she seated us she kept on starring at us - and she finally came to our table and told my friend to take off his sweater (keep in mind the sweater was a YSL sweater it was not a crappy looking sweater). That is straight crap because there was another person with his girlfriend wear something similar to him in the restaurant, however we did not make a fuss about it.

So I ordered the Fried chicken and waffles it was below average, but it tasted alright because I was hungry and a couple of drinks. The bill came up to $220 and tipped the waiter well because he did a great job at making us feel more comfortable.

However for the concierge at the front she needs to either be replaced or she needs to stop profiling. If she reads this review she knows who we are exactly. Also for the management if your concierge person is going to profile make sure that she is dressed the role also because she looks like she has been wearing worn out clothes that do no reflect the dress code.笑
Come for the drinks and the view but not the food. We ordered the chicken drumsticks which was good but overpriced. I also ordered the sorbet which was about $13.00. Our server was very nice, and the view really is incredible, especially at night. I recommend making reservations and coming early to sit on the south side. Great spot for an anniversary or special occasion.笑
Went here for a friend's bachelor party

Pros:
Fantastic, friendly and attentive service: Our server was amazing, friendly and catered to all of our needs, and made conversation with us. Great guy and hope he knows it!
Wonderful and beautiful view
comfortable and great accommodations 

Cons:
Beer and cocktails are WAY overpriced for non-premium ingredients
Food is average for the price paid (I had the 180 on board pizza...Way too much arugula)

I probably won't be back, but I didn't hate the experience笑
I loved this place when it was Panarama and both my mom and I were super excited to try it out under the name one eighty.  

First when I called in to get a table, the hostess seemed unsure of everything, she tried to give me a table at 9pm so I asked if it was fully booked. She said no, so I asked for 8pm, she asked for my name, after I told her she said actually I don't need it, it's not that full. 

When we got there we sat beside a door that kept locking people out. Spent half my time there opening doors for people, until the manager finally came by and unlocked it (had to ask the waitress twice ). 

they seemed to be understaffed because of a private party. All the staffs were non stop running around, food to forever and the bus boy with the pitcher of water never made it over to our table, and we were there an hour and a half. 

Dissapointed. View is still really nice and food wasn't bad.笑
Ended up here because my friends wanted to go to go to Hemmingways after work. I figured if we're going to have $8 beers we might as well have a fucking breathtaking view, and that we did. The fish tacos were decent. The mixed drinks were putrid, but that vista... GODDDAM! I like this place.笑
The View: 5/5, a great view regardless which side of the restaurant you are on.  Expect people taking a lot of selfies here with the views... STOP BLOCKING MY VIEWS!
Decor; Simple, lounge like, the real star is the views.
Service: 5/5, nice hustle ladies.
Drinks: 3.5/5 Expensive cocktails & bottle service, above average price on beers, normal prices on pop/water/coffee etc - some unique drinks but you'll be paying for them.
Food: Pricy - The provide you with a house made chili oil hotsauce, which makes you want to drink.
Taste of food:  The food is not bad, Ordered to leak pizza - got to use scissors to cut it - nice dough.

The 180 gives off the vibe of a high end restaurant/lounge with gorgeous views.  EMPHASIS on the views.

Which is the problem... 
The highlight of your experience isn't the food - its the views and sharing it with friends.  The prices are reflective of the location, not the food that comes out... and if you're willing to shell out the $30-$60 per person (with a drink) to eat here, you're probably coming here for the views with ok food.

I might come back to bring a date to share the views, but i will be looking elsewhere if I want our memories to be about the food.笑
The One Eighty has arguably one of the best views in downtown Toronto. After taking the elevator directly to the 51st floor of the Manulife Centre, I stepped out into an elegant restaurant with modern chic decor. The drinks menu selection is quite extensive here, prices are slightly on the higher end.

After ordering a drink, a waitress came by pushing a cart with a selection of appetizers to offer. We tried the steak tartare and grilled calamari, both are quite tasty. For the entree, I tried The One Eighty pizza. It was served on a wooden board with olive oil and chili oil on the side. The portions are decent here and prices are reasonable. Most of all, I thoroughly enjoyed the special experience of dining to an amazing view of the city.笑
first off i have to say that we were celebrating a birthday party and we had a partial room.  The best thing about this place is the server cindy.  very enthusiastic friendly knowledgable server.  extremely accomodating and pretty much mastered the service aspect.  5/5 on service and speed of the food coming out and orders organization.

now lets talk about high end food.  our table ordered a few things
1) pizza
2) a whole bunch of tacos
3) a raw meat entre
4) salad
etc

now i asked around the table for a review out of 10.  tacos 8/10
pizza 6/10 all cheese and nothing tasty or special about it at all.
the beef carpaccio apetizer was 3/10.  proportionally even though it was an appetizer it was paper thin the slivers were almost non existant. i literally i felt like i threw away 20$ or whatever it costed.  other restaurants serve the same apps or entres and are way more generous with the portions.  literally what a waste of a plate and a rip off and it made me feel like this place does not have portion and value integrity.  very disapointed.

the martini was on point but you get what you pay for aka belvedere....and a 20$ martini better be good...not great but good.  I honestly don't even know how my receipt came to 50$ with one martini and one appetizer.  I mean if this place is "HIGH end" the food sure did not reflect it and that is extremely disappointing, because I'm a HUGE foodie, and was really excited to try this place.  if they really want to survive in the dog eat dog world out there, they are going to have to really.....change it up.  People in yorkville have money, but that doesn't mean they are stupid.  

that pretty much concludes my review.  the food was extremely disapointing one girl even sent back the food and the rooms i felt could have been more chic on the decor aspect for something considered "high end".  obviously the background was stunning and the view of the city but decor lacked to promote the feeling of high end. 

 the ambience and vibe of the crowd was good the lounge was good and great mentions to the dj with good music.