Finally a Hong Kong style restaurant with milk tea from a brand well known from up north. Milk tea tastes fine. Had the instant noodles with luncheon meat and egg and it tasted okay. Come support this new restaurant steps from Yonge Dundas square.笑
Tried the one uptown, and like others say, the menu is different. They don't have a Chinese menu so it takes some time to figure out what is what. Came here for lunch and it got busy at 11:45 so come early. Portions are huge. Price is also more expensive, but it is downtown core so it's understandable.笑
Very convenient location
Order hainanese chicken rice, 
environment is very nice and comfortable, good variety of drinks and  dessert, next time am going to order toast笑
Walked up a flight of stairs to the second floor, brightly lit with beams of lights along the walls. You're not going to get much help in terms of accessibility.

First thing you see when you enter the cafe is the washrooms on the left and a line of people ordering at the front. Guess it's the kind of place where you line-up at the front, grab a number, and then wait till they call your number out. Reminds me of those chinese food courts.

Clean washrooms.

There are no servers here, but presumably they haven't been hired because just outside the store there's a big sign that says they're hiring people to fill in "dining room server" positions. So once you figure out what you want to order, go up to the front and put in your order.

When your order is placed, you will be given a device notifying you that your order is ready. It's quite a piece of technology: it buzzes and lights up in various colours when they call you. Definitely a step up from a piece of paper and someone yelling out your number in vain.

They do not have extra utensils available that you can pick up on your own. If you require extra utensils, you will have to request it from the counter.

I ordered the Hainanese chicken (with rice) along with a cube toast.

For $10.50, the chicken dish comes with a bowl of chicken oil rice, about half a dozen pieces of chicken, two pieces of cucumber, some sauces for the chicken, and a bowl of soup on the side. The soup itself had that familiar MSG flavour. Couldn't take more than one sip. The chicken tasted like what I expect hainanese chicken to taste, but it wasn't particularly memorable. The rice was ok.

The cube toast was pretty good. Bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with butter. Comes with ice cream of your choice and slices of strawberry and banana. Couldn't really finish the bread itself though because it was too hard, but maybe that's how it works.

Overall, I'd give the food a 3-star, under the assumption that you do not have time to walk over to chinatown to get the same meal for half the price.

My issue with the restaurant is the service. I came during the grand opening promotion, so the toast was free as it qualified as a dessert. Someone ahead of me ordered a drink, but the person taking the order did not mention that there was a promotion and the drink was free.

For some others in the group, they decided to serve the dessert first before serving the meal item. They were also inconsistent in asking whether the dessert should be served with the meal, or after.

Also, the place closes at 9:45 PM (based on their menu where items are available from 11 AM to 9:45 PM), but they started asking people to leave at 9:20.笑
Please note my review is based on the grand opening promo where they offered a free dessert with any entree purchase.  
Wasn't sure what to get so they recommended for me to order the baked porkchop dish.  So I got that with tomato sauce and fried rice.  Everything tasted good and portion size was decent.  Price was a bit high for what you get.  Would give this dish a 3.5 stars.
For dessert I got the Napoleon ice cream dish.  Everything about it was good.   Wasn't too sweet, decent size, pastries were flaky.  Wouldn't mind getting this again at their normal price.  I would give this dish 4 stars.笑
Came here for lunch with my wife...qas heading towards salad king but my wife wanted to try this.

I had the curry beef... thus did not taste hone made, more store bought bottle and the beef look very unappetizing.

My wife had the pork chop rice. ..first I don't know why my wife likes pork chops, sitting on rice with tomato sauce and then baked...must be a Hong Kong thing...t just seems gross. I think after eat this here she will change her mind ordering this in the future.

Good view.

Clean...

Won't be coming back...

Side note: this place or franchise is supposed to be famous for their chicken rice so maybe try that and skip the curry and pork chops.笑
Because of Grand Opening, dessert or a drink was for free if you order any meal. I ordered a bowl of vermicelli with ham and egg, then I got a cube toast with mango ice cream for free. Actually based on the price, nothing can be complained.笑
Good variety of food with reasonable price. Good service and convenient location. Environment is very nice and comfortable and the service is amazing !!!!笑
It's a Hong Kong style food place. Went to this place twice. First time I ordered their Malaysian Chicken Curry and their Nepolian black sesame ice cream dessert.  The were both good. The curry had a good texture and taste and Nepolian Ice Cream melts in your mouth. The second time I went, I ordered their vermicelli noodle soup with chicken steak. It was simple but delicious.笑
Good: convenient location, nice clean interior, great views with large windows

Meh: a little pricey for food that is average 

Could improve: no wifi

Review based on: been here on multiple occasions (due to convenience) and have had the pork steak on rice, hainan chicken, lemon tea, HK milk tea, pannacotta dessert thing.笑
Came here for lunch, pretty pricey, food quality isn't that good. The restaurant is quite empty when we arrive around 1pm. Wouldn't recommend to friends.笑
Couldn't wait to try out this place. I agree with the rest of the reviews that it's a bit different feeling from other uptown locations under the same brand name. It's a bit more modern, very comfortable ambience. 

The price point caught me off guard a bit. I fully expect the downtown location would be pricier. In Markham, you are looking at $9-10 for a rice dish with cold drink, and it's $14-15 here. Let's just say at that price range, there are a lot of other choices at downtown for lunch.

The food is good. Not comparable to uptown locations, but is still quality. I ordered curry chicken, and the potatoes are obviously boiled and added in last minute, very bland.

Overall 3/5, -1 star for price point, -0.5 for food quality, and -0.5 for using all disposable plates/bowls/utensils, got to be environmentally aware!笑
This is probably one of my favourite place to grab lunch in the Yonge and Dundas area. They make very traditional Hong Kong style food, especially their all-day breakfast menu. Their signature Hainanese chicken is also very good and filling. The exterior of the building doesn't do this place justice because the interior looks amazing. The atmosphere is also very nice inside although the washroom stalls are pretty small. The only downside is that the menu is pretty pricey. But if you are okay with spending $15~20 for lunch then this is the place for you!笑
WOULD give zero stars if I could... came here three times and all three times the store was closed and not operating LITERALLY confused and annoyed I'm never going to come here again what a stupid waste of time.笑
If you are used to the uptown locations turn back now. What makes Phoenix uptown good are not here, menu here is 1/10 the size, the memorable dishes not found here, a lot higher price point, drinks are extra, taste is just passable. If this wasn't named Phoenix, I would not have come in. Felt disappointed and cheated, will not return unless this is a real and full Phoenix. TLDR: name is dame but no substance, sad.笑
Been to other Phoenix cafes before, however not particularly a big fan of this one. Incomparable with the others. 
They've cut down the menu by a lot, and the food was extremely bland. Had the baked pork chops with spaghetti and tomato sauce, literally taste like plain spaghetti with canned tomato soup. The pork chop wasn't great either, super hard and dry. 
Would not come back笑
Small menu, but tasty.  
-1 star for value and service

I've never been to the uptown locations, nor have I ever had Haianese chicken or cube toast before, so this was a novel experience for me.  This location is on the second level, above the BMV books.  When you enter, you place your order with two servers at the front desk.  They give you a pager and you pick your own seat.  

The Haianese chicken was GREAT.  It comes with rice cooked in the oil from the chicken, and clear broth (presumably also from the chicken.)  The meat is tender, juicy, and sweet.  The flavour is subtle- it doesn't kick you in the face, but it does prompt you to savour every bite.  I was unable to finish my dish, and I'm happy to note that it warms up well.  The rice is even more flavourful the next day! 

I was a little apprehensive about the cube toast.  I was not expecting it to be a literal cube, I was thinking more along the lines of HK french toast.  It comes with your choice of ice cream on top, strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce drizzled on top.  It is surprisingly awesome.  The exterior of the toast is thin but crunchy with a wheaty flavour.  The interior is like milk bread, soft with a bit of chew.  

The service lacked responsiveness.  The people taking orders were obviously pretty bored.  

The price point is a bit high for what you get- I also got a cold milk tea with my chicken (the cube toast was free, part of a grand opening special) and the total was $16!  I'd expect a chicken dish and tea to be more like $12 in this area.笑
We are no strangers to Phoenix.  We always get Hainan chicken with rice.  Always.  Hearing about this downtown location, I was excited to give it a try.  

Grand opening special until June 16th, 2017.  Purchase a meal and get a fee drink or dessert.  Whaaaaaat?!?!  Amazing!!!  

The style of this cafe is quick-serve.  Order at the counter, pay, get a buzzer, get a seat, and wait to be notified.  Pretty straightforward. They currently use bamboo plates which have less environmental impact than the regular disposable kind.  Nice.  

We ordered the Hainan chicken with rice (obvi) and the Malaysian curry with rice.  Our free choices were brick toast with black sesame ice cream and pancake (which was actually two crepes) with green tea ice cream.  3 people shared this and couldn't even finish everything.  Sad, I know.   Unfortunately, our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs this evening.  

I think everything would've been worth paying regular prices.

Now I don't have to eat this uptown anymore.  It's at a great downtown location!  Welcome to downtown Toronto!笑
The atmosphere is good. But this place is a lot different than other Phoenix restaurants. You must order in the front first. Then you go up to the front and grab your food. The price isn't cheap,so don't expect to get filled for bring less than $10. Overall it's a good place. But the reason why I gave it 3 stars because of the price. It's more expensive than other Phoenix restaurants.笑
It pains me to have to write a bad review for such a beloved uptown chain, but between the food and the disorganized staff, there was little room for redemption at Phoenix this past weekend. 

I was handed a flyer on yonge st so a group of friends and I decided to check it out for lunch. The first thing I noticed is that the menu at this location is significantly smaller than uptown locations, but also more expensive. We sampled a good portion of the menu with:
-steak club sandwich
-baked chicken steak
-soup noodle with fish
-Hainanese chicken

Our food came out pretty quickly but it was hard to hear them call out our numbers, so the waitstaff had to keep coming over to ask for our numbers. After taking our first bites, our table shared a moment of silence and then hesitantly concluded that despite the dishes looking pretty, the food was heavily under-seasoned and bland. Each of us ended up using 3-4 pepper / salt packets to flavour our food.

Other honourable mentions of the visit included:
-extremely wobbly table. We had to fix it ourselves with 2 menus folded up. 
-small washrooms. Legit feels like you have to sit on the toilet seat to get the door closed. 
-security cameras everywhere! Why do they need to keep such a close eye on their patrons?
-sticky hot sauce packets at the self-serve station
-no credit card payment
-no wifi! Very surprising for a cafe

Needless to say, our group left quite disappointed with Phoenix. I hope this store can improve upon their soft opening as I was super excited to see a Phoenix open downtown.笑
I was really excited for the opening of a HK style cafe in this area and really wanted to like it but consistent with all of Phoenix's other locations, I was fairly disappointed. Is it just me or is the price point here more expensive than the uptown locations? It costs $5 for an egg and Luncheon meat sandwich. They did put a good about of meat though, even though it wasn't quite fried and was kind of mushy. Their baked rice/pastas cost about $12-14 before tax and based on other reviews, it looks like they skimp on the protein (e.g. Only one small chicken cutlet). Their hot HK milk tea costs $2.50 but is quite small too. Their menu is also quit  limited unlike the Phoenix cafés elsewhere in the GTA and full of DIY items (e.g. Pick your noodles and protein). Overall I think they're overcharging for what it is but if you are looking for a cha chan tang and HK milk tea in a pinch, this place will do for this area as I don't know of anywhere better nearby.笑
Loved the uptown locations and glad the downtown location opened up. My friend and I both ordered the Hainanese chicken with cold lemon tea and the Hong Kong styled milk tea. Food was mediocre, in comparison to the uptown location. I was a little disappointed but maybe I'd try another item next time.笑
Way worse than other Phoenix restaurants

Cash/debit only
Cafeteria style no service (order up front, pick up own dish from counter, get own plastic utensils)
Plastic utensils and bowls
Limited menu
At least 30% more expensive

Not coming back, felt like a rip off笑
Limited choices compared to their uptown locations. Aside from that this is probably the best place in the area for HK style milk tea and foods.