Food has no taste whatsoever,i can cook thw same tasteless food at my place,nothing special!笑
Some of the best burgers you can find around. Hands down.

I found this place out a year ago and go back when I can. Business seems to be picking up cause I now find it pretty busy during afternoons and evenings. This establishment totally deserves it too.

I recommend the Kahuna burger or Rumbi burger. Both are amazing, and come with the secret "Rumbi" sauce.笑
I've gone here for years.  The service wasn't great for a little bit, but they have stepped it up again and the service is good again. Food is good, although isn't super flavorful.  The sauces are mostly indistinguishable.  But I still like it! The sweet potato fries and sauce are super yummy.笑
This place is really cute and the service was good. I ordered the Chicken Bowl with all veggies,  no rice with a side of Jamaican Jerk sauce on the side. It was light, fulfilling and pretty good. My colleagues ordered; kalua pork sandwich, spicy chicken noodles and fish tacos. It all looked fairly appetizing...also they didn't leave one bite for anyone, which says a lot. I definitely recommend this place.笑
Well apparently I have been missing out!  Rumbi is only about 5 minutes from my house and work but I never thought to eat there until this week, at the suggestion of a co-worker.  You know how sometimes you just need to get out of the office for lunch, but you don't have much time... and if you're trying to eat healthy the options get pretty limited.  Rumbi to the rescue!  I had a very good chicken & spinach salad which I was able to customize with no cheese, vinaigrette dressing on the side, etc. so that it was only around 420 calories.  They also had several bowls with lean meat, brown rice, veggies and even sandwiches for around 500 calories.  And the food was tasty, not diet-y!

While we were eating we all wondered, "why haven't we been having lunch here all along?"  Situation rectified - Rumbi is on the lunch list from now on.笑
Absolutely delicious. The balsamic dressing I could drink with a straw. I get the chicken And shrimp entree. My husband loves the mahi. We don't look at each other the entire time. In fact I'm here and taking a break to write this because I need this place to be successful. These doors must stay open or I will die!!!!!笑
Love this place!!! Its amazing, We like the Grilled Chk and Shrimp meal, The grilled Mahi Mahi Fish Dinner, The Rumbi rice is quite tasty too. We love the sweet potato fries and the yummy dipping sauce. Fresh cooked to order, tasty and a clean restaurant with friendly staff. A must try!!笑
Having never tried this place, I ate here last night with my boyfriend & we both got the rice bowls with fire grilled chicken. I choose the Jamaican Jerk sauce which was fabulous & my boyfriend had the Hawaiian Teriyaki. 

We were both pleasantly surprised when our meals came out. The portions were generous & the food tasted very fresh. It was a little pricey, however, for quick service food as for one regular bowl & one large bowl the total came to about $20- and this was without drinks or appetizers/add ons. 

One plus was the service. We came in rather close to closing on a weekday night & sat for a while. Working in the service industry I know how it is wanting to close but there are still customers sitting, & the staff continued to be friendly. One girl even offered for us to fill up our to-go waters before locking up. We will be back again! 

.笑
Beautiful decor and delicious food. Great for a laid back night out or take out. Patio seating is perfect on nice nights. 
The color scheme and great posters make me miss Maui. The iced tea is amazing and the portions are huge, we always have leftovers. No matter what I get I love it. I'm partial to the chicken rice bowl with Hawaiian teriyaki sauce over Rumbi rice. The rice, beans, and coconut in the Rumbi rice is addicting, you've been warned. Just tried the luau pork for the first time too and loved it. The macaroni salad isn't completely what I like, too tart like normal mac salad and not plate lunch quality, but that's personal preference. Mama's tortilla soup is also incredible, a mix of spicy and savory with a hint of coconut milk. 
They're slow on weeknights when we're usually there, hopefully busier on the weekends, I'd hate for them to go anywhere.笑
My wife and I have eaten at the Val Vista and Baseline location probably 5 times over the past 12 months. The food is good and reasonbly priced. I usually get the Volcano Chicken Sandwich and my wife likes the Cabo Fish Tacos. Both are fantastic. The sweet potato fries are the best around and we love the dipping sauce. Most of the time the employees are very nice and the place seems to be clean. The food seems very fresh and we have never had a long wait. I would definitely recommend trying Rumbi's.笑
I've never been to a restaurant where I spit the food back out. What I bought was a terriyaki chicken bowl with rice and noodles with veggies. It tasted like a boxed microwave diet dinner. Cubed chicken, frozen veggies, spaghetti noodles from a box id buy at the store, and sauce I could make ten times better in my own home. If a place can mess up such an easy dish, then it's poor quality. There's nothing Hawaiian about this place. The customer service was nice, but that's about it. 
Go to jack in the box for their terriyaki bowl to save money.笑
9/21/2015 Was looking for a place to grab some food at the last minute. My friend and I yelped restaurants and picked this spot. The food was very good. I got the fish tacos with Rumbi rice and bought the Rumbi fries(combo of sweet potato and crinkle cut fries) so we could share. My friend and her daughter got the chicken pasta which, they said they enjoyed as well!! Great food and even better service笑
Rumbi has been a favorite place in my family for years. We love the fresh island food, and amazing flavor. We usually get the Rice Bowls, and haven't branched too much into the other offerings. (If it ain't broke, don't fix it, right?) Their salsa is awesome, a sweeter salsa that has a lot of flavor. It's always worth it to get the full size bowl, because it reheats well and you can have leftovers for days if you don't eat much. Overall, a family favorite that I will keep going to!笑
So I got a salad from here just now, and I ordered shrimp on the Caribbean Salad. Got my salad to-go and paid and extra $1.50 for the shrimp, get home to eat my salad and there are 7 tiny little pieces of dried out, over cooked shrimp. Why did I pay extra for that?!? Sucks too, because before this incident I really liked this place.笑
Love love love! Had no idea this place has been here for 10+ years, came across it on Yelp and gave it a try. The menu is authentic island food with lots of options. Fair prices under $10 for a meal as well. Huge shoutout to Lori for taking the time to show us around the menu and checking on us to make sure the food was good. Thanks Rumbi!笑
I really don't like giving bad reviews but his food is just not good. We all got the teriyaki chicken bowls - my husband thought his veggies tasted dirty and my daughter barely ate hers. I honestly didn't think the taste too bad, but my tummy hurt a ton when I got home!! Was hoping to find a good place for  teriyaki chicken, but we won't be back! On a side note, the staff was very friendly.笑
I'm a big fan of this place! The staff is super friendly, the restaurant is clean, & the food is really good. I always order the Kahuna burger & sweet potato fries with a side of tempura shrimp. The last time the burger was a bit dry compared to other visits but this was the first time that's happened (& hopefully the last). Can't wait to go back!笑
Good place. Not sure I would call it Island food, unless you think anyplace that has water around it is an Island. It is a mix of Hawaiian and Polynesian food. The food was good and the staff friendly. I will try it again now that I now what to expect.笑
I came here for lunch on a Sunday. Not too busy. This is where you order then sit down while they make your order and bring it out to you. There is a  definitely Hawaiian theme going on here. From the surfing and beach pictures to the Hawaiian and Calypso music in the background.

 I ordered the Luau Pork Plate with Rumbi rice and creamy macaroni salad. My order was up in a reasonable amount of time. I must say the pulled pork was exactly like I remember it in Hawaii when I was there. I wasn't a big fan of it there and I'm not a big fan of it here. Not that it was bad It just wasn't as good as other places. The BBQ sauce was ok and seriously needed on the tasteless pork. What made the dish was the Rumbi Rice the pork was place on. It was excellent. Seasoned rice with red beans perfectly cooked. I might come back just to order the Rumbi Rice. The macaroni salad was average. something like the stuff you'd get at the grocery store deli. The  dish also came with a side of Asian slaw. It had no dressing of any kind on it. I actually used some of my wife's dressing from her order to flavor it a little bit. This place is ok, the price is reasonable, but not worth going out of my way for.笑
Place is nice but they dont serve true "Hawaiian" cusine. They dont have poke or lau lau, but its fine. Food is good with a tropical punch. this place derserves a visit.笑
Mmm on the luau luau plate and the key lime pie! I'll be back to try other items for sure.笑
I ordered the blackened salmon with Rumbi rice and sweet potato fries.  It was yummy!  My husband and kids liked their food too.  The staff was incredibly nice and I'll be going back!笑
You can't beat their sweet potato fries, best of anywhere I've been. I'm sad to see they took the Caribbean chicken salad off their menu. That was all I ever ordered. :(笑
I have always like Hawaiian food and these guys have really good food! There prices are good.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is very friendly and can be a good place for families and for dates.笑
Their tortilla soup is amazing!!! The Caribbean chicken and shrimp plate is also out of this world.  Rarely crowded and one of my favorite restaurants.笑
Great value....love their Kahuna burger with pineapple and swiss !
Try their fish tacos and sweet potato fries.
All good options.笑
Service is very friendly and helpful.  Told them it was my first time there, and the lady behind the counter came around to the front and walked me through their menu and told me the top picks. 

I went with a rice bowl with jerk chicken (YUMMO!) except I wasn't a fan of the "Rumbi rice" she recommended because it was a tad on the sweet side (fyi, has coconut milk in it - not a fan).  Got the full order and it was HUGE.  It's like 3 portions, maybe 4 if you're skinny and don't eat that much.  :)

Great lunch stop, especially if you're meeting somone and can share a bowl.  Looking forward to trying their other items.笑
For the kind of fast causal place that it is, it deserves 5 stars in that category. Fast and fantastic food!笑
Really irritated last night, went here with 10 friends, and they were out of white rice. Isn't that kind of like a burger joint being out of hamburger buns? Anyway I asked if I could sub noodles or their other rice, and the girl behind the counter told me i would have to pay extra... I told her that i would prefer white rice then... she would not sub anything for it. So apparently if they are out of something, they make you pay extra. I'll be going elsewhere with my friends. That is some really poor business practice.笑
I have dined here twice and both times it has been excellent.  So far I have tried the Jamaican Jerk and Bali Island chicken rice bowls, and both were very good and flavorful.  The portions are plentiful as well. The interior is beautifully decorated and has a wonderful relaxing feel to it.  The patio area is clean and inviting as well.  The staff is very friendly and helpful and they come around at least once or twice to see if you need anything (extra sauce, to go box, etc). My only regret is I wished I had tried them out sooner!笑
Great place when we want something quicker and don't want a sit down place.  Be sure to get the Rumbi burger and make sure you get extra teriyaki sauce on the side. You're gonna want that teriyaki sauce. :)笑
Food is healthy and filling I love this place it has always been my favorite. I recommend the bbq chicken salad. It has ranch, chicken, and barbecue sauce.笑
Love, love, love thier fish tacos!  I can't get enough of these little beauties, I crave them.  Everything we had was delicious - my daughter had the chicken fingers and fries which were also very yummy. 

I am trying the sweet potato fries next time they looked amazing!笑
Stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. We were greeted right away upon entering. You order and pay, then find your seat and your order is brought out to you. I ordered the Island Chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. Our order was brought out in a reasonable time. The sandwich was huge. It had a huge chicken breast, lettuce, tomato, grilled pineapple, Swiss cheese, sliced red onion and mayo served on a fresh baked bun. In my opinion the chicken was dry, but over all the sandwich was good. I tried cutting the sandwich in half and it fell apart, so I ended up eating most of it with a knife and fork. The sweet potato fries were very good. Not overly salty. This dish was served with a side of teriyaki sauce.
The decor reminded me of a little cafe we visited while on our honeymoon in Honolulu. There are pictures of the Island, and Island themed decor. There was Island music playing which added to the Island experience.
The restaurant was clean and the service was fast and friendly.笑
I have this app on my phone that lists the places near you where kids eat free on specific days. It's usually full of sub-par diners, but when I saw Rumbi's listed, I had to jump on yelp to see what people had to say. Mixed reviews, so I took a quick peek at the menu, it sounded good, so we decided to check it out.

The restaurant was fairly clean and a few other families were eating when we got there. We perused the menu longer than we usually do but we didn't feel in the way or rushed in any way. They have everything from rice and noodle bowls to burgers to sandwiches to seafood. It was hard to decide.

I ordered the fish tacos and polished off the whole plate in no time. The order came with two tacos (type of fish not specified) and rice with beans. I seriously ate it so fast that I can't tell you what all was in it. Pretty sure the salsa was tomato, onion, pineapple, and cilantro. There may have been cabbage, and a jalapeno ranch type sauce. Don't quote me on it though. The rice and beans were really good and scented but I couldn't pinpoint the flavor. Very good though.

Husband had the Kahuna burger (two patties, pineapple, swiss, typical burger toppings) with the Rumbi fries (regular and sweet potato). The burger fell apart as most doubles do. He really enjoyed it though. Kids had the chicken dippers and the orange-honey chicken bowl. I was surprised that both kids polished their food off since dinnertime can be somewhat of a battle.

As we were finishing up it started to get busy so we got there at a good time (right before 6pm). I can't wait to go back.笑
I really love this place! Ask why I haven't done a review? I thought I had a long time ago, but anyways - been coming here for years with my family. Kids eat free on Mondays & Tuesdays after 4pm is a plus since I have a couple of kids 12 & under. The ambiance is relaxing with its island theme, and the staff is so nice and we've never had a problem in the years we've been coming with them or with the food! Another plus is that it's casual dining, but to me, not fast food so that's awesome!
So the food:
My go to salad always, always, always is the Calypso Salad. Delicious chicken pieces, fresh spinach & mandarin orange slices, red onions, walnuts, crumbled cheese (feta?) with the drizzle of an amazing dressing. Very filling & costs about $8. The kids go with either the mini burger or cheeseburger, or the honey orange chicken with rice & what I recently found out was that you can get the option of a bigger order for adults in either a half bowl or full one. So my soon to be 13yr old daughter will most likely go with that! My older boys (16 & 19) never get anything but the scintillating Kahuna burger that's topped with a pineapple slice & teriyaki sauce served with fries, the Beach burger, or the outrageously tasty Cabo tacos with your choice of protein & side dish (white, brown or Rumbi rice). The hubs usually orders a full rice bowl with perfectly cooked veggies and really, it changes each time we visit regarding both the protein & sauce, so let's just say he loves every one of the bowls!! Lvastly I want to mention even yummier things like the Rumbi fries. Hello? A crispy, non-greasy, flavorful basket of both regular fries & crinkly cut sweet potato fries. OMG with the Rumbi sauce... I've got to have this each time I visit & I snack on these with my salad. I should branch out of my comfort zone & try other things, but I'm spoiled at the delicious items I already order each time!笑
Volcano-Blackened Mahi - No words to describe the exquisite flavor of this dish.

Can I just tell you that a Vegetarian actually suggested I try this? Now how good is your meal when you can make an herbivore turn omnivore? 

The accompanying Caesar salad is a nice compliment as is the citrus aioli & pineapple salsa...mmm mmmm...my mouth waters just thinking of it. I'm not a big steamed white rice fan (booooooring) but I even manage to eat at least half.

Oh and as if that wasn't reason enough to get the car keys and head out now, they serve the extra yummy Longboard Lager from Hawaii that I so cherish.

The staff are friendly. The decor definitely helps to transport me to a tropical place.

If you love flavorful food, go here. Located just off the 60 on Val Vista just NW of Baseline Rd.

I've been to the Scottsdale one and this one and the flavor is always consistently delicious. I'll force myself to try another meal next time and will modify this review if need be, but for now, they "gets" a 5 from me!笑
We decided to go here because I found a two for one coupon.  I had the chicken teriyaki with brown rice and it was very good.  The veggies were delicious and tasted very fresh.  I ordered the full size bowl and there was definitely enough food for two people.  While we were eating, there was a worker there that kept sweeping the floor right by our table, which was incredibly annoying.  It would have been a better atmosphere if she had waited until we were done eating to sweep under the tables.  But o'well, it was still a good lunch.笑
Good food, love the Hawaiian decor! Really like the chicken rice bowls with the spicy teriyaki sauce.  The vegetables they have on them are really good too. Casual atmosphere...great place to go when you don't want fast food, but don't want to go to a big sit down restaurant.  My 16 year old son loves it!笑
This place wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I set out to find Caribbean food....but we made the best of what we got. The food was good and the service was fast...but this is more fast foody than sit down since you do order at the counter and then they bring out the food. 

This is sort of a Hawaiian themed place with rice/noodle bowls and a few sandwiches. The teriyaki saw was to die for and the sweet potato fries were great too. I highly recommend the burger with swiss, teriyake and grilled pineapple.笑
Had a bacon burger that was super tasty (especially with the pineapple on top) and chips and mango salsa - also tasty.  The restaurant was clean and the staff was super helpful finding us gluten free dishes (my wife is gluten free).

Look forward to going back.笑
Yes this is a chain but after traveling in Maui for a week and then coming back home to Kahlua Pork from Rumbi, I can honestly say that the Kahlua pork here is better than any of the places I ate it at in Hawaii. Crazy huh? The Kahlua pork at Rumbi is so moist and tender and when its paired with some of their magnificent teriyaki sauce and Rumbi rice (rice cooked with coconut milk and beans), it is out of this world. The Kahlua pork plate at Rumbi has lately been the first meal that comes to mind when I want comfort food. This is a bit of a problem cause that is normally on a work day during lunch and after eating a meal of pork, rice, mac salad, and coleslaw, I am just down right exhausted and in dire need of a nap. 
I used to come here quite frequently but forgot about this place and I am not sure why. Besides the Kahlua pork and Rumbi rice, I can say that their mac salad, sweet potato fries, and their beach burger are really good as well. If you are looking for something different, yet tasty and satisfying, try Rumbi. I think you will enjoy it.笑
Meh. Nothing special. Some of the chicken is undercooked. Some is dry. I'm unlikely to return unless they improve their recipes. I did receive good service at the counter, but the food was not good.笑
I have enjoyed Rumbi Island Grill for many years now, and I used to go to the location in North Scottsdale.  However, I have moved back down to Gilbert, and was completely unaware that there was a location nearby in Mesa.  I was overjoyed when I found it, and went to eat there soon after.

My wife and I were very pleased that this Rumbi Island Grill was just as delicious as the other restaurant we used to go to frequently!  The staff is curteous and they checked on us throughout the meal to make sure everything was up to our expectations.  I was very pleased with the Volcano Blackened Mahi-Mahi with the side salad and Rumbi rice.  My wife had a Rumbi bowl with jamaican jerk chicken.

The portion sizes are very large, and we left very full.  We even had some leftovers to enjoy later!  This restaurant is an excellent value and will leave you craving it often.  I can't wait to go back there!  Maybe I will be eating there for dinner tonight....笑
The food here is so good. The kids meals are very good as well. The noodles with the coconut flavor were amazing!!  The portions are generous as well.笑
We love Rumbis!  Especially the Chicken Mango Salad, the sweet potato fries, and their rice bowls. 
Everyone is very friendly and the restaurant is always clean.笑
Rumbi Island Grill looks and feels an awful lot like a high end fast food restaurant, however the quality of the food and the price are well above what you might expect.  The half size rice bowls we got were delicious, as was the chips and tropical salsa.笑
Um. What did I miss?

They have such great reviews but my experience was just "meh".

I provably should have known better then to order entrée seafood at a fast food type place, but the picture was really appetizing!

Volcano blackened mahi.
Waaaaay too salty. Had to scrape off most of it. The fish underneath was OK fresh. Not ocean fresh, but Arizona fresh. :-)

I had veggies that I thought would be steamed but were definitely stir fried. Also OK fresh.

The biggest let down of this was the "mango cheesecake".

I was expecting some kind of mango inside the cheesecake, but, alas, it was just plain old cheesecake with.... get this... "mango puree" on the side.
It was a thimble full of mango juice. And fake mango juice at that.

*sigh*

I would eat here again, but I will definitely lower the bar before I do.笑
Take out is much faster since my last review! Love their Rumbi Stamp card too - who doesn't love free food?!笑
I like this place more and more everytime I go. They send lots of email coupons for buy one get one free meals which makes it even tastier! I am updating because I had the sweet potatoe fries! They were amazing and I love the dipping sauce they bring for them. I always feel like I get my money worth here because the portions are so huge that I get two meals out of the bowls. I get to enjoy the meal again the next day for lunch! I tried the fish recently as well. It was good. I was trying to eat healthier so I gave it a go. The seasoning was really good and they let me get the coconut flavored rice and beans with it which is always very tasty.笑
This restaurant had a beautiful interior design that makes you really comfortable just sit and enjoy all the lovely Hawaiian theme and feels like you're in a beach. I love the design so much. Their mango lemonade was phenomenal! Makes me want to refill my drinks all the time. Must try item: Half and half fries, half French fries and half sweet potato fries. I tried the steak and chicken teriyaki bowl and asked for the large size but they gave me a large bowl full with rice with small portion of the meat. Looks like I've been paying $1 more for the rice! (sigh). That's the only thing that I wish they can improve of and got no complaint eating while looking at the gorgeous Hawaiian theme pic they had!笑
Volcano Blackened Mahi!
As said in my earlier review, i'm CRAZY for the Mahi. Four stars, went to 5 today, when I realized I could order the entrée with steamed vegetables, instead of Rumbi rice.  The Rumbi rice is AMAZING, don't get me wrong, but HOLY CARBS. I believe I could live off of this for the rest of my life, and be a very happy man! :)笑
Wasn't impressed. Cheap cuts of meat on the steak and chicken, if my boyfriend get's food poisoning tomorrow I'll let you know..steak has a taste of death. Won't be going back.笑
Ok been coming here for years, very clean, comfortable, and a relaxing place to eat. 

You order before you sit down and they bring your meal out to your table. Rumbi's is an Island Themed Restaurant ... as is their menu.  The quality is a a giant step above fast food and the service is fast.  I mainly dine here at lunch but they are also open for dinner. No tips required which saves you money.

You have to check this place out for yourself to "get the feel". 

Highly recommended.笑
The rumbi (coconut hint) rice is super good. The bowls come with a yummy veggie blend and it's not too expensive! I got the teriyaki pork bowl with the rumbi rice.笑
The food here is above all else CLEAN, FRESH, and HEALTHY.

The salads are big and full of fresh greens and lots of goodness, with unique tasty dressings to sample from. 

The Rumbi Burger is easily the cleanest tasting burger I have had from any restaurant. I would feed it to my mother!

I'm not a big fan of their teriyaki chicken, but the pulled pork with teriyaki sauce is a 100% home run. I like to order the Lauo Pork Plate.

The rice bowl comes with a ton of tasty vegetables and pork and rice.

The brown rice with teriyaki is great. 

The key lime pie tastes homemade and is 5 out of 5 stars, easily!

I don't get why this place isn't busier. It is a clean, tastefully decorated location with friendly staff. Methinks they need to do more marketing.笑
Maybe I had a bad experience here because I don't understand why previous yelpers found this place to be noteworthy. It was loud - I guess it doesn't help to be literally surrounded by screaming infants with their mothers who lunch...and let their 2-4 year olds run around.

I just didn't know what to say...but I think the canned chicken in my jamaican jerk caesar says it all. Canned chicken?! If it was grilled, it could have fooled me. I've had canned chicken once in my life and that was when we went camping. I will never forget the taste or the texture...and I found it sitting on my salad. Yuck.

Hubby had the Luau Pork rice bowl. I could tell by the look on his face he wasn't too thrilled with it. Further evidence was him pushing his food away after ten minutes of attempting to eat it.

I guess I expect too much when restaurants claim it's Island food. My father is a complete island boy, right out of Kauai and I've been fortunate enough to have lived on the islands while growing up and baby, this place is truly a repulsive rip off.笑
I always get the chicken bowl with the spicy hawaiian teriyaki sauce.  The food is on the healthier side and if you like flavored, unsweetened tea, try their mango tea.  the atmosphere reminds me of being on the island with island music and island decor.  Be prepared to wait a short while for your food cuz they make it fresh to order.笑
First time trying this place. We couldn't decide if we wanted to go to chipotle, cappriottis, or 5 guys. My husband was making me decide so I said fine we are going to Rumbi. He told me he would choke me out if it wasn't good since we were going off the reservation. It turned out to be really really good so no one call the cops. I ordered the cabo fish tacos and he had the Jamaican jerk chicken bowl. We both had the Rumbi rice which has coconut flavor and some beans in it. We also had chips and mango salsa. The mango salsa was on the fish tacos as well. It was all so so good. We will definitely be back. Oh, when you get your drink, there is a button on the machine where you can put vanilla and cherry flavoring in your soda. The place itself has tropical island decor and that's what I wanted it to have. Also seemed to be clean too. Neither of us could eat all our food but they have to-go boxes at the counter. Found a new place to love.笑
I enjoy coming here very once in awhile. Its clean, staff is friendly and the food is really good. I recommend the shrimp!笑
one of my favorites.  food is good, atmosphere is good.  one of the few places that tries and succeeds in bringing the islands home to arizona.笑
Never a bad meal,  spicy sauce is great. Not sure why they aren't famous.  They are famous with me.笑
Decent food the staff is always friendly not sure if I really consider it traditional island or even Hawaiian food but the prices about right for what you got and my kids like it笑
Typical Utah food. No flavor. Not even salt on the fries or tortilla chips. No seasoning on hamburger.笑
I can't seem to tear myself away from the fish tacos to try something else. They're THAT good. Whoever's writing bad reviews has not tried them. And their beans and rice. YUM. Great service. Love them.笑
Really solid-great rice bowls, fresh ingredients and nice sized portions. I am a big fan of the chicken teriaki bowl and the macaroni salad (can't miss when you make it with cavatappi) and it's a very clean open kitchen. Staff are pleasant and it's a visually appealing venue to sit and eat in. And grapefruit Jarritos on ice-nice as well!笑
Absolutely love Rumbi! I am a huge fan of rice bowls to begin with and this place has an awesome way of putting one together. I highly recommend the "Rumbi Rice" over the rest of the choices for your bowl. The thing about this place is you design your bowl the way you want it and that Island flavor is great! If you are in this vicinity try this place!!笑
We really enjoyed eating here when we lived in Phoenix.  On a recent trip back the family chose to eat it again.  Love the pork sandwich, the kids love the burgers and the chicken rice bowls.  The decor is fun and gives you an island feel.  The fries are excellent, including the sweet potatoe fries.  Wish we had one in Cali!笑
Delicious food. Very friendly staff. It was our first time and they were very helpful. I had luau pork. It came with macaroni salad and cole slaw. The pork was shredded and tender. Served on rice with teriyaki sauce. The macaroni salad was also really good. Wasn't a fan of the cole slaw but I don't usually like it so it's not their fault. Also had a pineapple upside cake for dessert. Very happy I did. Will be back for sure.笑
The vibe is great. I love the interior and feel of everything. The staff is friendly and professional. The food is awesome and a nice change of pace from your typical place around my area. The pulled pork rice bowl is my favorite. But the pineapple teriyaki burger is a close 2nd. Great food, great service, great vibe.笑
Love Hawaii. Lived on the North Shore. But, I've always been disappointed with island food. Islanders will eat anything.  All of that fresh, indigenous, tropical food and they eat junk meat.  This place is a little fresher than the real deal, no spam. Its just not different enough. I know that's not what they're trying to appeal to, but I always do my food reviews based on quality not taste or texture.笑
Absolutely delicious Hawaiian food! I come here very often and always enjoy it. By far, the best thing to get, especially if it's your first time in, is a rice bowl. There is a lot of variety in them! You can choose the meat and sauce, either white rice, brown rice, rumbi rice (rice cooked with coconut and red beans), or noodles, and it comes with cooked veggies. My favorite is the teriyaki chicken with white rice. I would also recommend getting the full size bowl since it is almost double the size for only about a dollar more. I can usually eat half and take the rest home!

The macaroni salad is very good and I would definitely choose this over the coleslaw, which doesn't have a lot of flavor in my opinion. The sweet potato fries & fry sauce are a must-try. The pork is also very delicious.

The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice and relaxed but has the feel of a sit down place. The workers are all very nice and extremely helpful! They have been great every time I stop in.

I bring friends and family all the time, and they always love it! In general a great place to eat.笑
The Jamaican jerk salad and sweet potatoe fries are awesome. There my favorites. Nice friendly staff.笑
I went to Rumbi Grill tonight with a party of 14, 9 of which were children. The ordering process was quick and on Tuesdays children eat free with every adult meal purchased.  The food was excellent and the service even better.  They pulled tables together for us and as we were getting ready to leave we were stacking our plates,  getting ready to bus our own table when they came buy and explained that they would do it and it was part of their service.  I would never have gone here if not for the suggestion of a friend in our group but we live close and will definitely be back.笑
Usually love this place. Today I placed my order and it arrived at my table wrong. I politely asked that they fix it so they took it back to the kitchen, removed the mistake by hand, stirred the plate around a little bit and brought it back to me. I'm sorry that YOUR mistake could cut into your margins but that's not my fault. Next time if YOU screw up, please properly fix YOUR mistake!  P.s. $10 for a teriyaki bowl is too pricey!笑
I love this place!  Their Kalua Pork Sandwich is honestly better than any that I ever ate during my two month vacation in Hawaii.  

Hawaii is known for their kalua pork.  I ate it all over the state during my time there.  On pizza, on sliders, on plates, on sandwiches . . . none of it as good as what Rumbi Grill serves.  

I love the bbq sauce that accompanies it too.  

A great sandwich!笑
One of my favorite lunch destinations. Everything I've tried here is great, I'm surprised it's not busier than it is. We can usually get right in most any time. Their sweet potato fries are amazing and anything with their aioli sauce on it is to die for!

Voodoo Chicken Salad... you rock!笑
They finally added my favorite item to the menu. The pineapple coconut curry bowl was a "special" item and they got rid of it for a few weeks and brought it right back on the main menu. It is delicious. Very good. The orange bowl with noodles is also very good. I highly recommend the sweet potato fries as well. The people working here are always friends. Can't wait till the weather cools down to sit out on the patio. Portions on everything are large and well worth the price.笑
It's been awhile since we've been here.  Last time was in May 2013.  My husband has been a Rubio's kick for months now but I just couldn't go to Rubio's as much as I love them because we've been there TOO many times.

After we dropped the kids off at karate, we decided to go to the Val Vista & Baseline area to see what there was to eat that was different.  My husband is super picky and really doesn't like to try new places.  He thought I was tricking him, but I assured him that we had been there once before.

When we stepped into the place, it was probably just starting to get a little busy.  Not a  problem.  There was an older woman that helped up and advised us, which was super helpful.  I wasn't very hungry and just wanted a salad, but more than a side salad.  She said I could always get a regular salad and half that.  They would bring me out half and To Go the other half.  Perfect.  She said all the salads were good and they allow for changes and substitutions.  

So, I got the Aloha Mango Salad with pulled pork.  They put the dressing on the side, which was wonderful, because the pork had so much flavor, I didn't need much dressing.  It was so delish.

My husband got the Luau Pork Place with Rumbi Rice (this is a coconut rice with red beans).  It came with some island macaroni salad, pulled pork, an Asian slaw, and the Rumbi Rice.  My husband doesn't like slaw, so he gave this to me.  I love slaw, but I didn't care for this too much as it didn't have a whole lot of flavor.  It needed more sauce or something.  The rice was very coconuty flavor.  We LOVE coconut and it had just enough red beans.  There was also a side of teriyaki sauce, which my husband didn't need to put too much as it was super sweet.

We also ordered their Rumbi fries, which is a mixture of sweet potato fries and regular straw like fries, with a slightly spicy like sauce that appeared to be like a mixture of Russian & Thousand Island.  It was good, but we used sparingly.  The sweet potato fries were so yummy and the best I've ever had.  Normally I don't like sweet potato fries, but I loved these.  These even beat out Joe's Farm Grill's sweet potato fries.  Not greasy at all.  The fries was a really big portion for $3.

I only had 1/2 a salad, water with lemon, some of the fries and a little of my husband's food.  Was totally stuffed.  The portions are pretty good, but thankfully not like Claim Jumper's.

The food is delicious and very colorful.  The staff is very friendly and helpful, great attitude and wonderful customer service.  The place was clean.  And though we sat somewhat near the door, I didn't feel the coldness of the outside come in when anyone opened the door, so that was good.

It was a lovely date with great food.  We'll have to bring the kids here as it says kids eat free after 4 pm on Monday/Tuesday.  I wonder what age they mean by kids, as we have an 11 and a 14 year old.  Hope it's 15 and under.  :)笑
6/5 stars! This place is so good! Sweet potato fries are to die for. Every time I come in the staff is friendly and helps with everything. They discontinued some tacos I get and she gave me a free entree for not having it! Great customer service and great food!笑
The girl behind the counter was rather rude to the man in front of my husband and I and she wasn't very friendly to us either. The food was extremely salty and plain. We won't be returning.笑
Stepped into the Rumbi Island Grill for lunch. The interior is cute with fake palm trees and other island themed decor. The menu is on a digital screen and there are a lot of different options for you to choose from. I decided on a half bowl of luau pork with jerk sauce and white rice.

The meal arrived quickly, and had a nice presentation. There was a good balance of veggies and meat and the bowl had enough rice to go with it. The pork and sauce was too salty for my tastes though so I had to eat it with a lot of the rice and veggies to dilute out the saltiness.

At lunchtime it was moderately busy, not overly crowded. In addition to inside seating, there's a nice little patio for eating outdoors.笑
Just got in from FL. Here for three weeks, definitely coming back. Pork luau plate was heavenly, Mac salad was perfect. Rumbi island grill is #winning for your stomach and soul笑
I love this place the burgers are or was the best in town which surprised us because it's a island grill. But Lately the buns have been hard dry and not good at all.  Maybe they got a deal on buns but what a mistake. I will try it one more time after a couple of months and see if they smarten up and go back to the original delicious buns they had before.笑
way to make a great first and last impression. close at 9, we got there 8:45. girl at order register counting her drawe, no acknowledgement. after a few minutes my wife says "its our first time here" to which she replied that she was closed. go to the other cashier who finished up with a customer and then immediately said "ill be right back". we will not be back. Mahalo笑
Average food, great service. To go order: Ordered jerk seasoned chicken it came out plain. And instead of jerk sauce was given teriyaki.
Overall ok if you want something quick. Sadly with so many options in this area it would be nice if they stepped up the good flavors.笑
If you've lived in California and had true Hawaiian food like The Loft - island fried chicken mixed plates with mac salad and cabbage salad or King's Hawaiian's mixed plates, do not come to Rumbi's with those expectations. 

However, if you want a good quality chicken breast teriyaki bowl with some quality fresh veggies, this is your place. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl which was pretty good. The side order of mac salad and coleslaw and Rumbi burger with mixed fries were not up my standards. Their mac salad was bland - too many large chunks of pasta, the coleslaw was bland and did not have enough dressing as well. Burger was ok. 

I think one thing Rumbi does really well: their mixed french fries + sweet potato fries - great fries. I'd come for the fries. But everything else was ok in my book.笑
Oops! Thought this was a sit-in restaurant, wrong. It's more of a fast food place, but that didn't really bother me. 

We both had the kaluha burger (2 patties, pineapple slices, teriyaki sauce) with a side of 'Rumbi fries' (sweet potato and regular fries mix) on the side. Talk about messy!! It's tangy, sweet, sloppy mess was pretty juicy in my mouth, but the more it continued, the more I felt sticky and in real need of a shower. Really. I felt kinda gross afterward...but I can see their attempt to punch it with more flavor. 

I wouldn't be surprised if somewhere in Rumbi corporate are a bunch of guys that got hired from Rubio's (white-washed mexican food) coming up with these ideas. Yes, it says 'Island' in their sign, but it's not authentic island food in any form. There are teriyaki bowl meals on the menu board as well? Definitely white-washed island food at it's best. So far I haven't seen anything really 'grilled' either. 2 burger meals cost us $20.笑
Good fresh food at a decent price

fries are so-so

Chips and salsa good....sometimes

The tortilla soup is awesome and different, made with coconut milk. Sounds weird, but delicious.笑
Amazing burgers. Great teriyaki. To die for fries and a great atmosphere. Add to that a friendly staff and chill atmosphere you have a great place to have a meal!笑
Salty Salty Salty and bland.  Not to mention, watching the employee eat out in the dining room, while obviously oogling at women as they walked by was a big thumbs down.  How tasteless.笑
We have been coming Rumbi for years.  It's what I call "slow fast food".  You go up to the counter and order your food.   They then give you a number to place on your table and they will bring it to you in 5-10 minutes.

The rice bowls have a ton of food and I always have enough for lunch the next day.  I've also had their chicken sandwich....delicious!   They also have sweet potato fries which is always a plus in my book!   Their tropical salsa is homemade and fantastic!

I would definitely recommend this place for lunch or dinner.  Mondays and Tuesdays are kids eat free.   A meal will run you around $10 and is well worth it!笑
This is my favorite seafood restaurant.  Amazing flavors, nice, and clean restaurant.  The staff are extremely nice!笑
Great food! I really enjoyed the different tastes they offer. They have a nice outside area as well that allows the kids to run around .笑
Wife and I decided to try a new place to celebrate our 15 year anniversary so we stopped in. As we stood looking over the menu, we let a couple pass us and told them we were still deciding what to get since it was our first time. They said everything is really good - and they were right!!  My wife tried the special spicy lava noodle bowl that has chicken, mango, corn, red pepper with sriracha cram sauce. This dish is absolutely delicious. I ordered the luau pork plate with rumbi rice. It has a great Hawaiian teriyaki sauce, creamy island macaroni salad and Asian slaw. We also ordered a side of rumbi fries which is regular fries and sweet potato fries mixed 50-50. We have not found any place that does sweet potato fries very good because the potato is so dense it is difficult to get them crispy. We ended up ordering just sweet potato fries because they are so good. Personally I am not a fan of sweet potato fries and I couldn't stop eating them. This is the place to go for great Hawaiian food!!!!