I went with an Indian co-worker for lunch.  I ordered a Butter Chicken on Naan.  The naan was crisp on the outside and warm and soft inside.  The chicken thigh was delicious and moist.  The sauce was rich and creamy.  My only complaint was that the sauce was more sour than usual.  My co-worker confirmed that it was the case.  To me, this item worthed 3 stars.

My co-worker had Biryani Chicken Rice.  It was spicy, fragrant, and tasty.  He said it was better than the one at The Host.  He would give it 4 to 5 stars.

So it evens out to 3.5 stars.Ǿ
Rob! thanks for the recommendation!...New pakistani restaurant seeking immediate competition beside the always packed fredericks restaurant.  I am definitely coming back here! Somewhat similar to Bamiyan located across the street, La Jawab is a mouth-watering place to visit.  Its selection of foods from paneer, chicken biriyani, to kebobs, and pakorahs is worth a try.  Our party decided to order the Seekh Kebob, and chicken kebob!  here's the breakdown:

Seekh Kebob: $8.99 two huge beef kebobs served with a specially prepared jasmine rice served with salad AND Naan! compliments your taste buds with the coriander and marsala spice, etc.  For the portion, price, taste this meal is 5/5!! 

Chicken Kebob: $9.99 like the seekh kebob, two chicken kebob skewers with rice, salad, naan! perfect for those who refrain from red meat. 

Overall the place is very clean, contemporary, the service, and server was very helpful to us as we weren't sure what to order.  Her recommendation definitely paid off! and in time La Jawab will become a Markham hot spot.Ǿ
This restaurant is an excellent choice for its meat options; Be it the multitude of  wraps or variety of platters. Would I try Lajawab's again? absolutely!Ǿ
After reading all the great reviews I decided to give la Jawab a visit. I ordered Reshami kabob and seekh kabob off of their menu which came with rice and a small salad. I found the meat to be really bland and the dips did nothing to add to the flavor. Reshami kabob when made properly is supposed to be marinated for so long that when you eat it it melts in your mouth, this kabob was completely dry and tasteless, a total disappointment. The only highlight of my experience was the naan. 
If your looking for something similar to La Jawab in terms of kabobs and wraps try Bamyan Kabob, every single item on their menu is absolutely delicious, and none of these restaurants can even come close to competing.Ǿ
I've been to La Jawab Grill several times for their lunch specials. Their lunch specials are huge portions and great value. Once you order, there is usually a 10-15 minute wait because they make the food fresh to order.

The last time I went to La Jawab, I ordered the sheesh kebab and reshmi kebab lunch special to go. When I got home, i realized the kebabs were old and completely dried out. They had warmed up old kebabs (they were at least 1 or 2 days old) and served it us. They were dry dry dry, and had concealed fat on them (like you get when meat has been cooled and reheated). The nans however were fresh and delicious. I was very disappointed and won't be returning. Serving customers old food is not a good way to run a business.Ǿ
stumbled upon this place on a cold night, the place was completely empty however service was awful. you would think you will get better service when there aren't any one else at the store but too bad. We order 2 dishes and biryani, we only got one dish and the biryani. i was looking forward to trying thier lamb chops but the waitress forgot to place that order. this place can use a little better management and make the restaurant worth going to. food wasnt bad. it would have tasted better if i wasnt already annoyed with the waitress.Ǿ
Worst butter chicken ever.. Tasted like plain yogurt. Service was ok but can be worked on. Food was fast but servers dont even smileǾ
Delicious halal food. Reasonable prices. Clean restaurant. Good for families. Service is a little slow if you're looking for somewhere quick to eat.Ǿ
Food is really good. We made a catering order for 50 people for 350. We got nihari, chicken biryani and naan. Also came with some salad. 

Nihari is excellent, not too spicy or oily and a good amount of beef and the naan was really good too. 

The biryani was fresh but I think there could have been more chicken.Ǿ
This place gets 3 stars coz the beef nihari was just ok. The gravy was thickened with too much flour or what ever thickener they were using and it was not so great. The lamb chops had a nice crunch and marinade. So that was a win. Dal was satisfying. No lamb biryani. Ambience was nice. The nihari was a disappointment so maybe that overshadowed the food experience!Ǿ
If i were to rate this restaurant when it first opened it would've been at least 4star. But recently their quality of food has been less than satisfactory. I'm especially disappointed with the naans. Their naans used to be fresh and just amazing, however, now it seems like they just warm up frozen naans.Ǿ
What a great place!  We go about once a week and it never disappoints.  Everything is top notch - fresh, hot, great seasoned food.  Had the seekh kebab, reshami kebab, butter chicken, chicken karahi, naan, rice.  And Mango Lassi?  Let me tell you!  Let me tell you again!Ǿ
Went here for a meal and utterly disappointed. 
The place was quite empty, but still took the chance and what a disappointed.  They put chicken in the fish pakoras? Really How? ...the kebab was sooooo disgusting and rice was clumpy.  The staff were so miserable back there on top of it all . Please don't visit this place, you're wasting your money.Ǿ
I love their Reshmi Kabab and Nan. One of the best in town. The taste is different than the typical Middle Eastern Kababs as the spices used are different. The service not so great as you have to order at the counter and pay first, even before you take a seat.Ǿ
Excellent ambience & atmosphere, tasty food. Soft delish naan  and Butter chicken BUT they only give 3-4 tiny pieces you will not be full, better to order two unless your getting it as a side dish. For the price we pay they should give more pieces. Besides that yum food !!!Ǿ
I usually come here to get lunch to go but I have eaten in a couple of times too. I like to get the seekh kebab lunch. It comes with 2 skewers of meat, salad, rice or nan bread and a can of pop. It's  only $7.49 + tax.  I've tried their butter chicken and chicken karahi too. The food is quite good and potions are really filling. The decor inside is nice, with some booths. You order at the counter, pay and then they bring the food to your table. The ladies are pleasant. Only drawback is the wait times for food. Takes a while, I've had to wait up to 30 mins, even when it's not busy.Ǿ
This place has good customer service, but the food isn't upto par.  Quantity for the price and way too much.  The seekh kabob, and kheer are the only dishes I liked.  Other dishes made bearable to eat only because their Raita is good.  Didn't like the Lentil Burger, way too much carb and dry, lentil in a bun?? It's a nice try for a fast food joint, but it's not close to typical Pakistani street food.  The flavor needs to be a little bold.  for 4 adults and 4 kids we spent about $225.  only because the food we tried wasn't fulfilling, or tasty so we tried other things on the menu.  we took left over for about 2 adults home.Ǿ
La Jawab is good for a casual family dinner with great tasting food. It's not a fine dining atmosphere - but booths and tables are great and clean. Big and spacious place

You order your food at the counter and sit at your table to be served. The selection isn't as vast as your average indian restaurant. I feel though, the quality is good.  The food is amazing, the staff is friendly enough!  Their Kebabs, chicken and vegetarian options are all delicious.  Their Chicken Karahi is the best! It's fast and delicious - most times.Ǿ
First and last time I will be eating here. To start off service was very poor. Waitress brought food over , not saying thing. Waiting for you to make space on the table so she can put the food down. Mind you nothing is in her other hand.  She even place my butter chicken on top of a lid...Ketchup was given when she brought out pakoras.  The bottle was disgusting. (Picture attached).

For food-   Started of with spinach pakora.  It was pretty good- except there were no spinach in it.



Butter chicken - not terrible, not much meat and way too salty. 

Lamb curry- do not order !  Did not taste or look right.

Land shank -   They were out of the beef boti, we ordered lamb shank. Tasted like it was reheated was not fresh. Dry dry dry ! My husband hates wasting food, he left it there.

Sheesh Kabob- dry and no flavour.

Naan- the best part of the meal. 

There are tons of other options in that area if your craving kabobs or curry. I would skip this place.Ǿ
My brother and I shared the Reshami Kebab ($10.99) the Ramadan special - Papri Chaat (5.99). 
The reshami kebab meal was very filling because it came with a very large naan as well as a large portion of basmati rice. The meat was quite tasty and came in two long rolls (roughly 9 inches each). There was also a salad that contributed to the veggies of the dish and nicely complemented the meal. 
The papri chaat was really interesting as it was my first time trying it. The cold and refreshing flavors of the yogurt strangely worked well with the chick peas, diced tomatoes, potatoes and crushed chips. There was also another sauce on top that was unfortunately too spicy for me, but overall, I feel that this dish would've been a great "dip". Supposedly eaten alone, I felt that there weren't enough chips to act as the carb-base. Using naan from the kebab meal however, it tasted a lot better. 

Indian-Pakistani cuisine is not something I frequently have so this wouldn't be my go-to restaurant but from what I've had, the food is pretty good and the service is great!!Ǿ
This place is absolutely amazing. I don't know why there are any bad reviews about this place. I am a person who is VERY picky about South Asian food and I don't like most of it. In fact, most times when I eat Indian or Pakistani food my stomach gets upset. This is one of the only places I have ever been where that hasn't happened.

The food is so perfect. It's amazingly fresh, the flavours are so rich, and each grain of rice in the biryani is perfectly separated, the naan is hot out of the tandoor. 

The place is clean and fresh looking, and comfortable. 

So glad I discovered this place thanks to my fiance! We wanted to book them for catering (they do live BBQ at events) but they are booked solid this summer for most the dates we were looking at. That is testament to the quality of the food by La Jawab. 

We are going to be returning customers for sure.Ǿ
This is a recently opened Indian/Pakistani grill at Newtown Sqaure in the Markham and Denison neighbourhood. It's one unit away from the popular Federick hakka restaurant.

Unlike some of the other restaurants in these plazas, this one is quite large as it combined three of the original units. The interior is quite modern and there's lots of space for large groups.

I had the Seekh kebab, which was very good. It's beef with mint, coriander, and "authentic Pakistani spices and herbs." It was very flavourful and was quite a bit different than the Afghan-style kebabs that are popular in this area. My wife had the palak paneer, which was surprisingly spicy. Usually paneer isn't spicy at all, at least in Canada. This was another welcome surprise. Our only complaint was that the paneer was pretty oily. 

The portion sizes are generous. Also, the naan that comes with every meal is great! 

The service was friendly and our food arrived quickly.

All in all, I was impressed and plan to return.Ǿ
Excellent food, always fresh and spicy, just the way we like it!  You can feed a family if three with one entree...so much food, great value!Ǿ
We tried the Chicken Sheslik kabob dinner and the Paleek Paneer. Both were tasted great but this place has some tough competition around it.

For the chicken kabob, the meat was well seasoned, juicy on the inside and crisp on the outside. The mint sauce was a bit sour tasting so I decided to skip it. 

I actually preferred the flavour of the Paleek Paneer - creamy spinach and paneer. It also has some heat to it as well.

So, I'll probably return to try the reshami and others but so far Bamiyan kabob across the street is still ahead of it.Ǿ
Great prices, but the quality of the food reflects that. The channa curry is very bland tasting. The butter chicken is mediocre, the meat has no taste to it and the sauce again is watery and not very flavourful.Ǿ
I must be really hungry when I visited La Jawab Grill.

I could not believe I finished a whole order of Reshami Kebab($9.99) - Mughali kebab prepared with succulent chicken after prolonged marination in authentic spices & light braising - all by myself.. oh plus the naan...

The food was really good well flavoured and love the use of spice. Chicken was tender as I double checked with the staff to make sure it is dark meat.

Service here is excellent. Though set up as a fast food with a counter where you place your order, I received better service then a real restaurant : a pitcher of iced water was delivered to my table without requesting! Staff checked on me a few time and asked how was my food and if I need everything else: maybe a container to pack some of the food home?? I finished everything so that was not really necessary....

Opens till 11:00 pm Friday and Saturday. I think I will be back to La Jawab, especially their lunch special starts at $4.49!!

Next time I will have to make room for a Salted Lassi and Lahori Kulfi!Ǿ
The take out curry container was filled with 25% oil. Only come here if you want heart disease.