Do not order here.  Twice in 4 months I ordered a pizza online.  The delivery time came and went.  I called, and both times they said they had no record of the order.  Annoyed, I prepared another meal.  Then the delivery guy shows up with a cold pizza.  I called the manager the first time it happened, and he was very professional and tried to make it right.  The guy who answered the phone this time told me that he tells people not to order online OR TO ORDER BY PHONE!?!   How can you possibly run a business this way?  I'm disappointed, because my kids and I really like pizza hut.  It's just a crap shoot as to what you are going to get here.  My guess is if you order when the manager is there, things will be fine.  If not, have a backup plan.笑
Has this Pizza Hut improved?  The McKnight Rd store has closed and this is my closest fix.  I do not see any current reviews, and all the reviews are bad.  

I do not want to waste my time with bad experiences.  Should I avoid this location?笑
Oh dear lord, please avoid this place at all costs. Placed an online order only to find out I had a 160 minute wait with no other options. Drove in to pick the order up only to find chaos. All of the employees were yelling at each other,  no driver reported to work, etc. Horrible service.笑
They left our breadsticks and refused to send anyone up to deliver them. Do not order from them.笑
I hate this location so much the manager susan was the worst person i have ever met. Accused me of trying to rip her off when i asked for ranch sauce for my wings. This location is a joke i opened a yelp account just to leave this review笑
This place is horrible. Ordered twice from this location, and both times they had to call and say they were out of this or that. This time, my whole order was canceled, when I'd anticipated they were just canceling what they were out of. Manager quickly hung up before I could confirm. Called back not even a minute later, and was told they didn't even have my order. Don't know why I've even bothered with them at all, but I most definitely will not be trying a 3rd time.笑
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.

Called to get a pizza delivered. Said it would be an hour, an hour and a half rolls around so I called to see if it would be faster for me to just pick it.  They said "oh your order was canceled"... "My manager called you to verify a new customer profile and you didn't answer" WHAT. No one called me. Are we not in the day and age of caller ID?!  Anyways still ordered a pizza and went to pick it up, asked to talk to the manager about how this could be avoided in the future.  (going on 2 hours of hangry now). Was treated like an idiot and like it was my fault that they took the wrong number (apparently. I think they forgot to put my order in). Absolutely THE WORST customer service I've ever encountered. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS-YOU WILL REGRET IT.笑
We ordered several pizzas online and the toppings were mixed up between them.  We called and were told they would send new ones out when they were in the area and it shouldn't be long since they were so busy from the football games.  We live a half mile from the location.  An hour goes by and then we were told they normally don't resend food out that was wrong but they will.  Another hour goes by and they kept getting more rude on the phone.  3 hours go by and we get hung up on on our next call.  We tried back after getting hung up on and were told it would be another 3 hours.  We never got our replacement food.  The customer service line was very helpful.笑
DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE! If I could give them a no star I would. I haven't ordered from this location in over a year due to their incompetence. I figured I would give it another go. FAIL I ended up calling them after they were 20 mins late and with no information about my address or my order the girl insisted to me all the orders were out for delivery. After an additional 30 mins I called back still no food.  Same girl insisted to me that all orders went out. Well no one would want food that sat in someones car for over 30 mins and the only option I was given was to have my order cancelled. so I took that option and called corporate.笑
I ordered delivery here with my fiancé... when I opened the box I noticed the smell was off but thought maybe I was just being weird... tried to take a bite but it was disgusting, it almost tasted coppery to me. My fiancé said it smelled like sewage... like there were some serious health code violations happening with the cheese. When we called to complain we were told we had to bring the pizza in so we could prove to them that there was something wrong with it, totally defeating the purpose of delivery. I will not be ordering from here again. It is completely unacceptable to serve food like that; there is no way it should have gone unnoticed. And then to make us bring it back? Just ridiculous. In all fairness, they did refund us after we brought it back, but claimed they "didn't think it smelled off."笑
I love Pizza Hut. Like any other major food chain, its hard to get a consistent product. This pizza hut is about 70% on its game. They forgot the cheese on my pasta! That was lame. And it depends whos cooking... They skimp on the cheese a lot...笑
I've had two bad experiences with this store. The first time, I ordered a pizza with Salami and Peruvian Cherry Peppers. The delivery time came and went, and after calling the store, the driver showed up twenty minutes later and informed me that the store was out of Salami, so they didn't put it on my pizza. If they had called me ahead of time I would have been fine with that and ordered a different something else, but the negligence really bothered me. I would have not ordered again, but after calling customer service I was compensated with two free pizza coupons. The next time I ordered, the delivery driver took an hour and a half to show up. He called and I had to give him directions and even give my address to him (I live less than two miles from pizza hut). When he arrived he was visibly impaired. He misplaced the two liter I ordered and instead gave me two dollars, saying there was a store up the street. Fifteen minutes later, the manager called me and asked if I had seen the driver. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS STORE笑
I've had so many ups and downs from this pizza hut. Just like every other one, you pay for extra cheese and still get the same amount of cheese, less than any other company. It's damn near impossible to get a normal amount of cheese or more from this place. Secondly they almost ALWAYS forget the dips that I order and pay for. 

So I'd say 8/10 times the pizza I get is dry, overcooked and cold, and the few other times it is decent but only slightly warm.

Last Friday I put an order through the Pizza Hut app for delivery like I normally do. I got a call from the store a few minutes later saying that my house is not in their delivery range.... Note that I have been ordering from this store since I moved in 3 years ago. My place is less than 10 minutes from the store, about 3.5 miles up Mt Royal Blvd. 

They eventually called back and said there was a driver coming up that way anyway and they delivered it. Mind you after this time it had been like 30 minutes out of the oven by the time it even left the shop. I told them I'd pick it up if they made a fresh one but refused. They made sure to mention any further orders through the app would not be delivered.笑
After my atrocious experience in January, I spoke with the store's new manager. She assured me that if I gave them another chance, I'd have a different experience, and offered me a credit. It took me a month to even consider the idea, and another couple of weeks to warm up to it, but today we caved and gave them a shot. And I was pleasantly surprised.

I called in my order rather than placing it online, because of the credit, and the person who took my order was friendly. Delivery time was quoted at 30-40 minutes, and it arrived promptly. So maybe they really have made some big changes. The pizza itself is, you know, Pizza Hut pizza; if you've had it before, you know what to expect there. I do like the garlic parmesan sauce option, and the new crushed tomato sauce is more to my taste than their traditional marinara.

So, there you have it. The Etna Pizza Hut seems to be under new management and you will probably actually get your order, and not be accused of lying by the staff.