We've been there a few times now. Always during the week and always at lunch time, so I can't comment on the weekends or breakfasts. However, we've had the salads and the burgers and they're always fantastic. Cooked well, tasty and priced reasonably well. 

It's not "FAST FOOD". Poor server today had a couple walk out because of their so-called "wait". Sorry, but if you wanted McDonalds, you should have just gone to McDonalds. I still will never understand the need people have to walkinandeatrightnowandleavegogogogogo. Especially people who go during busy periods and expect to eat 15 minutes ago. I really wish people would stop basing reviews on their own expectations of how fast things should go. I have three young children but even I know that when you go out to eat with them, you should have an arsenal of activities to help the time fly. 

Staff couldn't be friendlier. My ONE little complaint: They serve muffins with their salads and I just can't get into them. They taste raw in the middle. I don't know why. My husband likes them, he says it tastes like a fruit center or something. But to me it tastes like a piece of apple surrounded by raw dough.Ǿ
Great place to have breakfast.  Super clean serve was great.  Just one note that is kinda crazy.  The coffee was the best I've tasted.  Better than starbucksǾ
I tried the green chili omelette and a caramel roll.  There are a number of pretty unique things on the menu, and everything that we tried was prepared well.  The setting is quite nice, an older house with a nice patio for outside seating.  I would definitely come back.Ǿ
This is my breakfast place to go to. I love their hearty scramble it has three eggs, bacon, ham & cheese. Comes with hash browns and toast. They also have the BEST COFFEE! I love it because it's not water with a drop of coffee like most places. They have the best apple cinnamon bread pudding, I get it warmed with a spoon of butter melting on top. Yummy! Sometimes it can be crowded during peak times(Friday Saturdays) I also notice they take care of you better INSIDE than sitting outside. Other than that it's an awesome place for brunch!Ǿ
My fiance stumbled upon this lil place this weekend, and we are all about mom/pop shops, so thought this was a must. All I can say is it was decent.

We were there around 9:30ish on a Sat morning, and while it was definitely packed (it's a tiny place afterall) we still only had to wait like 5 minutes, so not bad at all. We sat outside and the atmosphere was great. Cool weather, shade, good smells, birds, definitely enjoyable. 

Our waitress was nice, but could tell she was really busy. Took her while to even get to us. The other servers seemed to be helping out everyones tables, since we had 3 different waitresses refill our coffee. Didn't bother me at all though, I'd rather have multiple people helping than one that's not.

This is where my review gets so-so - the food, which for a restaurant, is not a good thing. I ordered the Eggs Benedict (one of my faves anywhere I go) and my fiance got the Country Fried Steak (one of his faves). 

Mine was alright, but for almost $10, nothing to write home about. The servings were a bit small (hardly any hashbrowns), again, dissapointing for the money. There was something off with the taste. I know they make their Hollandais sauce themselves, so maybe this was it. Also, most Eggs Benedict I get usually have a runny yolk when you cut into it, this one was more solid.

My fiance's Country Fried Steak was also lacking. Normally the gravy will have a spicy sausage in it, however they use sweet sausage. It wasn't terrible, but just tasted different and again not really memorable.

So all in all, cool quaint atmosphere, friendly service, so-so food, average/above average prices.Ǿ
We just moved to Arizona and this was out first visit to the Gilbert house. Absolutely fell in love with the place. Loved the pork pulled sandwiches, it had a twist of tandoori Indian spice. Just delicious. Great environment!! Will be back :)Ǿ
Great breakfast here today. Friend has their quiche which came with fruit and a muffin. I had two eggs scrambled with 3 thick slices of bacon,  toast and has browns. Service was great. Nice environment as the restaurant is in a converted house. A local favorite.Ǿ
Being a big fan of The Farm House years ago, I wanted to take my kids there.  Accidentally ended up here by mistake (the area has changed a bit and forgot exactly where TFH was).

Small place, but had nice charm.  Fast friendly service.  

I cannot recall what I got (this was 3 weeks ago), but it was one of the omelets.  I recall the food was good and the portion size was just right.  Kids also enjoyed.

I would give it another go in the future.Ǿ
Always, ALWAYS 5 stars. I've been coming here for over 3 years and have always had excellent service in every aspect. I have a usual dish, but in the rare instance they don't have it, there's plenty of other great choices to choose from. Their best dessert dish in my opinion is the Orange Custard Rhubarb Pie. I also enjoy the building. It is an old Sears Catalog order house from the 1920s I believe. It gives off a very good "back home" feel. 
Keep up the good work Susan and Co.!!Ǿ
I had heard good things of the Gilbert House from a friend of mine and decided to go today.  One thing I want to make clear...if you are going on a Sunday morning. Get there early!  It is small and their are only about 10 or 12 tables total. But...I did, so it wasn't an issue. The only thing I would recommend is try to get a table that isn't next to the door as ever person in line seems to feel the need to peer in every 3 minutes. Sort of annoying.

I went for breakfast, though they do serve lunch and dinner also. Wine and beer is available.  The staff is extremely friendly. Our waitress was much friendlier than I have ever been that early in the morning, and I consider myself a morning person!  The service was very quick and efficient, I am sure because this place must depend on lots of turns!

The coffee comes in "cute" cups (my friend's words, not mine..LOL), but the coffee in them was very good. I had the spicy chorizo omelet, and my friend had the vegetarian omelet . Both were delicious with very fresh ingredients.  The chorizo actually had a little kick to it, which a nice surprise. Hash browns were well prepared also. Honestly, if I were being hypercritical, the only fault that I could find is that the packaged tortilla that came with my breakfast would have benefited immensely by a quick toss in a pan to heat it up.  But I am won't be and so won't mention it. Ha.

Soooo, if you are in the Gilbert area some morning, give the Gilbert House a try.  I think that you will be glad that you did!Ǿ
I got my own veggie omelet.  Their green chile sauce is vegetarian (huzzah!) and was very yummy.  It seemed like the owner was there and it felt like EVERYONE who came in was either a regular or a close friend of the owner.  Sound travels quite a bit in the tight-ish front room, but didn't get overly noisy.  I felt kind of like I was taking a regular's table simply because everyone who came in hugged the owner and/ or said they didn't need a menu.

I really liked the food, but alas, they supplied the tiny packets of smucker's jelly for their toast.  I wish a breakfast place around here would provide some local fruit preserves instead of that high fructose corn syrup junk.  I'll still come back.  Good customer service, great food.  I liked their hash browns. True matchstick style hash browns.

I don't know if this place is good for kids, I don't think it's bad... That said, I'm so glad no kids were in that front room of the restaurant.  I could hear everyone's conversations.  Made breakfast interesting.  It was not so loud that I could not carry on my own, but I imagine that if a screaming baby was anywhere in there, those details might have been different.  I got the feeling that as everyone was a regular, that no one really brought their underage progeny.Ǿ
What a charming place! The food was good and the service was great. Their Whiskey Sauce Caramel Buns are wonderful.Ǿ
This is a very cute & quaint little place! My husband loved the cinnamon roll! He also ordered Scrambled eggs & english muffin. Eggs fine. Didn't care for hash browns & muffin was dry. I had the burger (bland - tasted like no seasoning was used), French fries came out well done which I like but they were sort of soggy.  Our server was cute and sweet although had to ask het a couple of times for items we ordered such as butter and a Diet Coke. She seemed super busy. May give it a second chance in the future.Ǿ
Great for breakfast or lunch.  It's in an historic house.  Service was great, very friendly.  Food is consistently good.  Really like the omelettes.Ǿ
I was in the area and decided to stop for lunch. The food was great and came out really quick. 

The service on the other hand could use a lot of improvement. If the waitresses weren't chatting so much they might not make mistakes. My waitress ran my credit card for someone else's bill and they still over charged me after attempting to correct it. 

I will not be going back. Ever.Ǿ
Service:
Came here on a late weekday morning and I was seated right and and my drink order was taken as soon as I sat down.  Waitress was attendant and kept my cups full and food arrived quickly.  There was one point where she disappeared for a while and I was waiting to close out.

Food:
Waitress recommended the Apple pancakes since it was my first time and from other reviews it seems to be a favorite.  I normally don't go for fruity foods such as fruit pancakes or crepes or pies but the pancakes will be an exception th the rule.

The Apple cider sauce they put on top is brilliant!

Lots of people know there are many great eats on Gilbert road and this place belongs in that group as a breakfast spot.Ǿ
I'd heard good things about this restaurant and was in the area. Location is cute and they offer seating on the covered patio and inside. Came to try the green chile omelet but was a disappointed to find the green chile was meatless. It was okay, just nothing special. Food came out quickly and service was excellent..Ǿ
This place was definitely meh. I was super disappointed because the house is so cute, it still has little rooms like a real house.... very nice.... but the food was just the most bland food I have ever had at a breakfast place, and that includes denny's and the like. That's pretty pathetic. I got the buffalo scramble, which has ground buffalo, onion, bell pepper, tomato, mushroom and jack cheese and comes with toast and hashbrowns. I asked for it with no mushrooms.... no such luck, I got mushrooms. That wasn't a huge deal though. The real problem was the overwhelming lack of any flavor. You would think with that list of ingredients that it would have tons of flavor, but it just tasted like mushy, creamy, nothing. There was way too much cheese and the cheese was bland and nasty.... the buffalo being ground is also not a good idea because it has a weird mouth feel and looks like little turds.... also, buffalo is a beautiful meat, why grind it up? I think the lack of flavor may be because they do not saute the veggies before adding the egg (or at least that's my guess.... not sure) Anyway, I thought maybe the hash browns would be better.... no. Tasted like nothing! WTF? Has this place not heard of seasoning? Finally, the toast was standard, but they only had welch's grape jelly on the table.... for 10$ a plate I should get some nice jam... or at least a choice. So overall, mine was a train wreck. 

The BF got the blueberry pancakes that are supposedly so good.... they aren't. They were soo sweet... disgustingly sweet. They drench the pancakes in blueberry sauce of sorts and it is just super sweet... like sweeter than a regular cake or pie.... I know pancakes are supposed to be sweet, but this was too much. 

The only good part about it was the coffee, they do have good coffee. So if you want good coffee and hate having flavor in your food or money in your wallet... this is the place for you! You can find me up a few blocks north at the much better breakfast establishments on Gilbert rd.Ǿ
We went here on a Sunday morning and only had a 20 minute wait for a party of 6, which was great. However, once we were sat and our order was taken, it was at least an hour before we were served our food. Food was good, nothing to write home about, but there were no issues with the orders or preparation. Service was friendly. I probably would not go back because of the slow service though.Ǿ
I love this place! Food is so yummy and they have Gluten Free options for me! My favorite gluten free pancakes and lunch I love the BLT with sweet potato fries!Ǿ
We love the Farmhouse so we decided to try the Gilbert House.  It is a very cute place and we had great service and food.  The kids meals are plenty of food still even for our 10 year old. 

It was a bit hot in the back room we were in so recommend sitting on the patio if the weather is nice.

Will return there again!Ǿ
My family and I have always loved the Gilbert House for amazing breakfasts and lunches (the green chile pork stew is my husband's favorite). Therefore, when looking for a venue for a family celebration, I was thrilled to hear that the Gilbert House does private events. From planning to the night itself, Susan, the owner, was involved in every step. She was flexible, personable, and lovely to work with. Her staff was fantastic, attending to the needs of our guests promptly and always with a smile. And the food - oh, wow! We were fortunate enough to choose salmon with a pasta primavera for our vegetarian choice. Both were outstanding, garnering raves from the pickiest of our friends. We don't know what was on that sauce, but it was fabulous and we need to go to one of the date nights in order to have that meal again. We cannot say enough about how terrific our event was thanks to the Gilbert House, Susan, and her staff! Thank you!!Ǿ
What a lovely experience, to have breakfast in a quaint 1938 Sears pre-fab farmhouse, with delicious and beautifully presented food. The aroma from the muffins was so wonderful. Fresh ingredients from the juice to the salads.  The Boyd coffee smelled fantastic! Worth the wait...and it does get crowded, as there is limited seating.

The servers are some of the most pleasant people in Arizona!Ǿ
Back in November of 2011 my husband gave the Gilbert House a 5 star rating for their apple pancakes with cider syrup...well deserved back then...HOWEVER...we were there this morning and have a new opinion! At that time (2011) you got pancakes so large you could hardly see your plate.  And now, for a mere $7.00, you get 2 saucer sized pancakes (w/o apple in the batter). I will say the cider syrup is still wonderful and the serving size is filling enough BUT very BLAND for the taste of the pancake AND certainly NOT worth the price!Ǿ
I feel like the portions are quite small for the price that you pay. The pancakes are alright, but not noteworthy. I was more surprised that they handed me a can of soda with a glass (that I paid $1.50 for)  Being seated was really awkward. I was met with a "Hello. Are you going to sit down?" I was told to sit anywhere, the waitress almost acted like she was uncomfortable and didn't want to be there... Which made me uncomfortable. It was almost like she didn't like the fact I walked in. They all seem very robotic and don't really wait for you to answer. Its more of a "You sit here? Ya. Okay." And then they disappear.  A woman I haven't seen before just handed me a plate and scurried away. The workers don't really take time to talk to you. But, one waitress. (I don't know her name, but she has fabulous lipstick.) Was the only the only one who checked up on the food.Ǿ
Just wanted to write a quick update, as I went here for breakfast a few weeks ago.  Wow, do they understand customer service!  To all of the staff at The Gilbert House, thank you for making my visits there so enjoyable.  They have great food too, btw!  But above all, what makes it great to me is the people that work there to make each diner experience enjoyable, from the top down.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!Ǿ
Charming place with fresh and really well prepared food. 

I had the bacon pancakes and they were easily the best pancakes I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Fluffy, flavorful and the whisky maple syrup was unbelievably good. 

Service was amazing. So friendly and so efficient too. The decor was relaxed but classy and charming. I absolutely loved this place.Ǿ
BIG! BIG! fan of Susan's apple pancakes.
Always great service and always great food. And great atmosphere in a Sears craftsman houseǾ
Great food, quaint atmosphere, decently priced. The servers are friendly and the area is adorable. 

Breakfast is fantastic here. I recommend the apple pancakes with apple cider syrup. The food is all made with intention and I'm pretty sure from scratch.

The farmhouse is adorable and there are only a few tables to each room.Ǿ
GOOD SERVICE BUT TASTELESS FOOD

Unfortunately, it didn't live up to our expectations. I wanted to get a Santa Fe omelet and asked the waitress in advance if they can make it without onions. The rest of the description sounded good - cilantro, tomatoes, hot sauce and feta cheese. She assured me that they can make it without onions so that's what I went with. Well, onions turned out to be a part of pre-made pico de gallo, which is fine, just let me know ahead of time and I'll order something else. (the menu did not say "pico de gallo") After I brought it up she said "I can bring the pico de gallo for you on the side". Really? No, I just wanted my omelet made without onions. So I ended up with a quite tasteless concoction even though I ordered it with ham. The sauce wasn't hot at all, and the hash browns were bland.  

My husband had their buffalo omelet and said it was tasteless as well. The kids breakfast was equally unimpressive. 

It's too bad, aside from the pico de gallo mix up the service was good. My daughter got a little fussy (tired 2 year old) and the owner (I think) brought her a little plate with fruit while we were waiting for the food to arrive. I thought that was very nice, she didn't have to do that.

Wish the food was better, I'd come back if it was.Ǿ
We have been going to The Gilbert House for over 10 years.  BEST breakfast in Gilbert...fabulous lunch and dinner.  LOVE the fresh buffalo choices, naturally gluten free pancakes made with rice flour, fresh salads and if you haven't had a cinnamon roll, well, you just haven't lived.  There is still time!  Susan Wright, the proprietor and her daughter, Andrea, are friendly and eager to make sure you enjoy your experience.  Go early, the line fills up fast, but it's worth the wait.Ǿ
What a disappointment this place was!!!! My brother in law was in town & I found this place on Yelp because I usually go to the BEST breakfast place The Farmhouse, but it was too long of a wait. So I trusted the reviews and we came here to eat. We arrived about 45 minutes prior to closing & we were pretty much the only customers there so the staff was already cleaning up for closing. So since we were the only people there it shouldn't take forever to get a drink, napkins or food. They sat us right next to the kitchen so we could hear everything. While our food was getting cold the waitresses were asking who was prettier and too busy having a side conversation. When we got our food it was cold, the eggs were wrong, soggy toast and uncooked French toast. We asked for them to remake the French toast & heard the cook saying "how do I sell 500 of these today and these are wrong"? Then when we get the bill they charge us for the French toast that was sent back. If I could give this place a negative I would. It was such a bad experience I opened a Yelp account to do my first review ever.Ǿ
I used to frequent this place often but I will never return. Each time I come back it gets worse and worse. The service is terrible and always has been. Today when they served our food everyone at the table received it cold. We asked for them to heat it up and they returned with a black hair in it. We pointed that out to the manager and she laughed. Yes and no apology either. Also received a dirty cup of coffee all lipstick. No apology. Asked for a clean one and returned with the same cup. No apology. Some of our food came out wrong too. No apology. I usually can tolerate bad service if the food is good but it isn't. I can not stand filthy food either. I will never returnǾ
Met a buddy for breakfast today...when we realized The Groves next door changed their hours and weren't open....LUCKY us!!!
Our server, Lizette, was fantastic!!  Friendly, attentive, KIND!  The food....NOM!!  My buddy had a cinnamon roll, eggs, french toast and toast, LIKED it!!  Not usually a breakfast person...nor a pancake person...  I couldn't pass up....BACON pancakes with a whiskey syrup!!  It was DELICIOUS!!  After the food...the service....I will DEFINITELY be back!! I didn't even look at the lunch or dinner offerings!... I guess I will just have to go back to find out! :)  If you haven't bee, GO!!  Service, food, ambiance, convenient parking do not disappoint!!  Thank you Gilbert House!!Ǿ
This was our first visit to the Gilbert house.  Saturday morning 9am.  Seated promptly inside--outside was full because the weather was perfect.  The food took a while to come and somehow the waitress missed two of our orders of apple pancakes.  This was out of only four total orders-not sure how that is even possible.  Nonetheless, the food was quite good and fresh.  I loved the salsa on the green chili omelet and the apple pancakes are very good.  They could do with some better hot sauce selection than just Tabasco.  Worth coming back.Ǿ
I cannot begin to express how elated I was after eating at this establishment. Decided Sunday morning to try a new breakfast place and after a failed attempt at T.C. Eggingtons, found this place via a Yelp recommendation for their Eggs Benedict. 

Drove across town to The Gilbert House which is situated right outside of 'old town' Gilbert. The minute we walked up to the front door, we were greeted and seated immediately by their staff. Our waitress took our drink orders practically as we had just finished sitting down and with our minds made up as to what we were going to order, placed our orders promptly in the kitchen. The food came out in a flash and the presentation of our dishes was phenomenal. I cannot even begin to tell you how impressed I was with the cleanliness of this restaurant, in particular their silverware. I've been out to eat many times and never once have I had such impeccable service and food. The owners of this establishment should be extremely proud of the wonderful staff they've hired.Ǿ
I love the Gilbert House! Always good food and friendly staff. The cinnamon rolls are a favorite especially when they are hot out of the oven!!Ǿ
Today was my first visit and I will most definitely be back!  The breakfast was to die for.  The French toast was fantastic as well as the corned beef hash.  A must try for sure.Ǿ
Ok, seriously, the cinnamon rolls are to die for! Service always feels like you're in a small town. Love this place. The chicken fried steak is our fav!Ǿ
Came into town with a group if friends and met up for a brunch. OMG!!!  This is great food in a very unique setting. The history if this place is just very cool...all the buildings in this small area are quaint.   Ok, back to the food....I love pancakes so I had to give them a try and they did not disappoint!!  The very gracious owner offered a sample of the apple cinnamon sauce that is nothing short of amazing!!!  It was great on the cakes but even fantastic with bacon!!!  Love it!!

Everyone in our party enjoyed a wonderful meal, and was impressed by all!  

This is a must to return to when back in the area. If you come here and don't like it, then you certainly have some messed up taste buds!!Ǿ
Excellent food! Got in and served quickly.   Amazingly fresh OJ.  Best pancakes in east valley.  Highly recommend!Ǿ
Best cinnamon rolls EVER. Cute, relaxing atmosphere, yummy food and friendly staff.Ǿ
Quaint, farmhouse style restaurant with a great patio. Ate inside, and it felt like eating in a farmhouse because...well, it is one! Chatted with the owner, who we saw featured on Channel 8's "Check Please Arizona" restaurant review show. She was super friendly, as was our server. We started out with a cinnamon roll fresh out of the oven with cream cheese frosting and butter slathered all over it. Oh my! The best cinnamon roll I think I've ever eaten. Light and airy, almost like a Krispy Kreme original glazed doughnut. We then had breakfast. It took a bit longer than expected to get our food, but they were wrapping up a busy Sunday morning--and it was worth the wait. My wife loved her veggie omelet, and I devoured my buffalo scramble, which featured cheese, eggs, an array of veggies, and the star of the dish: chopped buffalo steak. A little salt, and I was chowing down with bites of tasty, non-greasy hash browns and thick wheat toast in between bites. As others have said, get here early or come after about 11:15 a.m. to avoid the crowds. They are open until 2 p.m. and serve breakfast all the way until closing time. We want to come back for lunch so we can try the buffalo burgers and caramel rolls!Ǿ
Tiny but very good!  Short wait for a good hit breakfast.  I had the eggs Benedict and he had the 2 egg breakfast.  Many more unique options available as well.  Quiche of the day as well as some spicier selections.  Coffee was hit but cranberry juice was served with ice?  Tight seating can be tough but we will return.Ǿ
I needed to come back and re-review this spot.

TGH has become a monthly breakfast spot for us.  We love the omelets.  The quiche is always fresh with a delightful salad on the side and a muffin.  I think they have some of the best pancakes in the valley (light, tasty - they NEVER feel heavy nor do they have the aftertaste of poor quality ingredients). Sometimes it can be a little zooey in there as it is a terribly small place and the small rooms mean that servers must be nimble on their feet.  But you know what? Susan and the servers make it work.  

Hint:  go early or go home.  Other hint: go late or go home. Miss the crowds in the middle (besides, you know you always wanted to be a bit of a renegade :).  We hit here Sundays after mass so we are pulling in at 745 or so - and we have the leisurely breakfast we adore. We have also hit here about 11 when the crowds clear out.  These wonderful breakfasts deserve that slower pace to be enjoyed. 

My only criticism:  they don't have Splenda.  But I am used to open carry of Splenda anyway so I am willing to overlook this one ;)

Scorecard:
Quality: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars
Service:  5 stars
Cleanliness: 5 starsǾ
Finally made it out to brunch!! Wait was around 10-15 minutes. Sign your name on the yellow pad and take a seat on the bench or porch. Since the weather is nice a table outside was most appropriate. Took a taste of the quiche (which was not as well seasoned but topped with bacon) with a salad tucked with strawberries, blackberry, grapes and pineapple; warm tuna melt on sourdough sandwich with fries; and buttery Apple pancakes. (I think this is an entry to making my own homemade Apple pancakes!!) The tuna melt melted in the mouth with the crispy toasted bread to catch the melt, while the apple pancakes was a nice sweet dish that was considered as my brunch dessert. 
Every bite was worth coming. I'm due to visit again.Ǿ
Asked for crispy hash browns - instead got this pile of nonsense and lame excuses from the server about how long it takes!  Oh and some of them were so undercooked they were still cold! When they brought our food out one order was completely wrong - so I uncomfortably ate alone because my dining guest insisted. The cinnamon roll had been nuked so it was really tough. Egg scramble was good. Thumbs down overall tho...Ǿ
Went in thinking we'd be waiting for a while at 11am on a Saturday but we were immediately seated. $6 mimosa was generous in a wine glass, apple pancakes were ridiculously good (like best ever good), hashbrowns weren't greasy...just overall great classic brunch. The owner was walking around talking to people and the whole vibe was really easy and relaxed. Will be going here often.Ǿ
This is our go-to breakfast place -- not only because of the delicious food but also for the ambience.  The restaurant is family owned (the owner Susan is usually onsite and super friendly) and run out of a cute restored old farm house.  They have indoor and outdoor seating (the patio is dog friendly).  Without a doubt, each and every out of town guest we bring here LOVES it!

Favorite dishes include Susan's Apple Pancakes which come covered in a delicious apple cider sauce (yum!!!) and the Green Chili Omelet (reminds me of being in New Mexico!).  Tasty freshly squeezed orange juice too!  They are very accommodating with substitutions or if you have any food allergies.

The only negative is that it can get REALLY crowded during peak hours, amassing super long lines.  So, get here early!Ǿ
This is a great place for breakfast. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get seated. It's an adorable restaurant with a great staff.Ǿ
If you are looking for a fantastic breakfast in a down-home setting - THIS is the place for you! I've been here a few times and each time was remarkable! The service is friendly & efficient and the place is super clean. The food portions are generous, the price is reasonable and the taste is terrific!

A solid 5 stars! Keep up the great work!Ǿ
Wish I could give them 0 stars!
After reading some reviews on yelp I decided to give it a try. Bad bad costumer service! First went in to be seated and the waiters were all talking in the kitchen? Not sure what it was but since it is inside this tiny house you can see everything. Waited about 8 minutes to be seated and only because one of the girls saw me and told another one who was like "oh crap" and seated us outside. After seating us she literally brought up the silverware and never saw her again. While looking at the menu and some pictures from yelp to compare how it should look another waiter(a guy) keep passing by without offering water or to take the order. Hint it was summer hot outside and nothing. After waiting 15 minutes without water or our order taken we left. Very disappointed.Ǿ
It is my favorite Sunday breakfast. My boyfriend and I go there every Sunday that he is in Phoenix and it never disappoints. The staff is really friendly and attentive and the food is of great quality. I love the French toast and the build-your-own-omelet! The coffee and bacon is also really, really good which basically says it all. Looking forward to this Sunday!Ǿ
Definitely one of the best breakfast joints in the Gilbert area. We are there every Sunday and have never had a bad experience. Extremely friendly staff and great old fashioned homemade cooking. The owner is always present and she greats/treats every guest like family.Ǿ
Their food was really delicious and the apple pancakes were one of my most favorite treats.  However, I must confess that we haven't been in years (like really 4 or so)... The service was so incredibly bad... Some of the worst we've ever had.  We still went back because the food was good.  Then one day when we asked to speak to the owner about some issue, she told us her daughter was our server and one of the best.  She wouldn't hear our issue and walked away.  We paid our bill, left no tip and never have returned.  I don't know if there's been improvement in service over the years but I caution you, they were like a Greek siren... Delicious food that called you in and monster service once you were seated....Ǿ
In an area of town where competition in the food industry rapidly advancing, customer service is the biggest factor in deciding where I spend my money. 
Today, I placed a to go order of the spicy chorizo omelet at The Gilbert House. On the website, the price states $9.50, and my total was $11.32. When I arrived I alerted the employees about the price discrepancy. I met was with a very rude middle aged lady who boldly told me the website is old and there have been price changes as she hastily walked past me like I didn't exist. 
The summary of my review is as follows: every restaurant I've been to in Downtown Gilbert has damn good food, the kicker is and always will be the human to human experience. 2 stars only because of theǾ
What a gem. Nice staff, clean and charming building. Food was really tasty. Best cor beef hash I've had in awhile. Apple juice was house made too.Ǿ
Love this quaint little restaurant.  It's located just south of downtown Gilbert.  When the weather is nice, there s a lovely patio for a great outdoor brunch.  And the food-- DELICIOUS!Ǿ
Overpriced, reheated food.  Incorrect orders. Rude staff.  Asked to leave the property since a private wedding was going on.  This is after we paid $46 for lunch.Ǿ
Because a couple of my yelper buddies have said this is a great breakfast spot, we stopped in on Saturday for a late breakfast.

The good:
* Service is great here, you are greeted immediately and the servers are very friendly and personable.
* We didn't have to wait for a table (maybe because we went at 11am?)

The middle of the road:
* The atmosphere borders on charming and old lady. I can't decide if it's cute or seriously needs a makeover. At any rate, the use of an old house in Gilbert is a super cute idea, it's just that something is missing in the decor to make it brighter and trendier or shabby chic.

The not-so-good:
* Everything is cooked with a ton of butter, from the eggs to the hashbrowns to the pancakes. I could literally feel my arteries clogging after taking one bite. Don;t get me wrong, the hashbrowns taste is good, but the butter itself isn't so great in that high of a quantity.
* The omelets are bland. Not a stick of seasoning in the omelet other than the butter that is).

I don't have plans to go back. but I keep hearing about how great the cinnamon rolls are, so I may have to give that a shot. If so, I will update accordingly.Ǿ
The Gilbert House is our new neighborhood breakfast place - it was excellent! 

Short wait on a Saturday around 10am and the staff was really friendly. We had the green chili omelette with chorizo and the full stack of buttermilk pancakes. I don't know what they put in the pancakes here... They were AMAZING! The omelette was great too. The chorizo was nice and spicy and the sour cream on top was great.

Great service and even better food in a really cute location. Definitely coming back!Ǿ
Best french toast we've had here in valley, love the pancakes as well.   Awesome spot for breakfastǾ
Love to start off with desert Wonderful warm feeling when I'm here...took. A friend and I get to relieve  my first time  to enjoy ... A whole new Feeling...  Through her... LOVELYǾ
We were very disappointed with the service.  We have eaten there a few times and twice we were passed over and not seated in a order.  Dare I say that it seems that if you are a regular you are seated before anyone else.  I even brought it to the hostess' attention and she still sat someone before us!  She sat four tables before we were seated.  I will not be going back !Ǿ
We had a wedding lunch here a week ago.  The food was delicious and very nicely presented.  Susan (the owner) was great to work with and went the extra mile to ensure we had a wonderful experience on an exciting day!  Susan accommodated our needs and was very helpful and flexible during the planning process.  

For those of you looking for a unique and fun option for special events in the Gilbert area, especially those looking for something close to the LDS Temple, this proved to be a great option.  Susan accommodated almost 100 people.  

The pulled pork and chicken salad sandwiches were excellent!  The pasta salad and fruit salad was spot on!  This was followed by a variety of "house" specialty desserts which were to die for!  We give Susan and her help at The Gilbert House a well deserved recommendation!Ǿ
Service staff was attentive and efficient.  The coffee was strong, as I like it; and refills were timely.  I ordered the short stack pancakes, which were light and fluffy.  Thoroughly enjoyed them.  Ambiance feels like home; in fact, the restaurant is in a converted home.  I think we were seated in the former master bedroom.  Everything about this restaurant is charming.  If you are in the Gilbert area, and are looking for a delicious home-cooked breakfast, this is the place to go.Ǿ
My friend loved their quiche. For her sake I am giving 2 stars.
My food was cold, we waited almost 45 minutes to receive our food. 
Our server looked lost. You know when you go out the night before and the next day you go to work and no matter how much you try to focus you just can't. That was our server. The owner was nice, but the food wasn't coming out, and rather than visiting tables, I would expect her to be lighting a fire under the cooks butts or cooking herself and also letting the tables know why it was taking so long.
Finally when our food came, my daughter's pancakes were not ready and we had almost finished our food by the time her pancakes were brought to the table.
We tried to order the cinnamon roll, but they were out of them.Ǿ
Really awkward walking directly to tables.  We didn't think we used the right door.  The food was just ok.  Not worth the price at all.  The old woman at the table next to us was coughing up a lung the entire time we were there.  It was incredibly gross.  Sounded like she was dying. The service was ok.  The girl forgot my blueberry sauce and didn't get it to me until she got us boxes for take out.  I won't be back.Ǿ
Saw The Gilbert House on a local "Check Please"  PBS weekly restaurant review series where  they share dining-out experiences on their favorite Arizona restaurants! When all three of them like a restaurant, we add it to our must try list. Very glad to report that The Gilbert House is a "keeper" and we are already looking forward to another visit. Next time we do breakfast. Today, we planned a late lunch. After watching "Check Please" we knew we wanted to try the Buffalo Burger, the Fruited Spinach Salad and the Green Chili Stew. The stew was perfect, heavy with flavor, not to spicy and it didn't last very long. The Fruited Salad was perfect! The fruit fresh and sweet, the spinach cold and crunchy, the candied nuts and the wonderful dressing was the best salad we have had in a long long time. The Buffalo Burger was ever bit as good as the reviewers said it would be. Be sure and tell them rare or medium rare (comes with grilled onions and you can order lots of extras). We really enjoyed the owners visits and decided to get a couple take home pie slices. This is going to be at the top of list for out of town visitors. Don't expect fast food service times. You are going to really enjoy the freshness of the prepared to order food.Ǿ
Pancakes are some of the best, however the service is rather poor received wrong order and then it took another 10 minutes to get it back.  By that time I was eating cold eggs without any concern from wait staff.  Had to ask for coffee and refill for cream.Ǿ
This place is delicious! They are super nice which is probably because they cram you into small quarters but the food really makes up for. The pricing is fair and the management talks to everyone as if they'd known them for years. Got the corned beef and hash! Delicious!!! And their English muffins are buttery heavenǾ
We have eaten here a couple of times. The first time we sat outside, my husband ordered the buffalo scramble, which was very watery at the bottom of the plate. He wasn't impressed. I on the other hand got the quiche along with a fruit salad and rhubarb muffin... loved it. Needless to say it was a toss up. We decided to give it another try, went back yesterday. We both ordered the quiche this time and decided it was just a-okay. The fruit salad seemed to be dressed just with oil, not that tasty, but the fruit itself was yummy. This time it came with some kind of cinnamon muffin that was dry and again just okay. We sat inside this time & really enjoyed the little old farmhouse feel. It was quaint & enjoyable. We have never had a problem with the service, they are very nice there! We also got inspired to go and buy some champagne/OJ for our own mimosas (that I am enjoying as I type this :)
Overall, nothing to really complain about, but nothing to rave about either.Ǿ
Food was just ok. Sold out of caramel roll at 9:00 am. We called ahead to see if we could take our dog and sit on the patio and were told it was fine. Rude older blonde employee or manager made snide comment to us which really took away from our experience. We completely understand if you don't want dogs but don't say they are welcome and then act differently. It was the whole reason we even went. Our dog is super small and well behaved. It's not like he was barking or begging or slobbering or anything. Food took about 20 to come out (we ordered an omelet and biscuits and gravy) and was alright but not great. Cinnamon roll was tasty but came out room temperature and not hot.Ǿ
Our table had a hamburger that was deemed fresh and tasty. A green Chile omelette with a very nice green chile sauce (it kept being stolen as a French fry dip) and pancakes with a side taste of the apple cider dressing (sweet and cinnamony). Everything was deemed very good and worthy of a return trip. 

Our server was very patient and friendly with our abundance of questions. The setting was charming. We dined outside, enjoying a beautiful day, flowers and cute finches watching for stray food. We will be back.Ǿ
My wife had heard about this place so we decided to give it a try.  It's in a renovated older home.  There are just a few tables in each room.  We we were #2 on the waiting list and were seated after a short wait.
We got our menus and hey took our order 5 minutes later...and it went down hill from there.
I ordered chicken fried steak breakfast with eggs over medium and my wife ordered Eggs Benedict.  We sat and talked, and talked some more.  We were on a schedule at it just seemed like it was taking a long time.  About 25 minutes had gone by, my water was empty and I finally stopped someone to get a refill.  After 40 min I told my wife we had 5 more min and I was leaving.  They brought the table next to us food a couple of minutes later and told them if ours wasn't ready to just bring me the check for my wife's Coke.  They said it was coming out, and it did.  Mine had scrambled eggs, not what I ordered.  After 45 min you would think that was enough time to at least get my order right.  The manager came out and apologized and offered a free cinnamon roll.  I told them no thanks.  The food was fine, but not worth a 45 min wait!
After we were done we had to ask for our check, it came out without a discount.  I was very disappointed.  I won't be back.Ǿ
The Green Chili Omlette is amazing! Service was efficient and friendly. Quite a few gluten free options. They make good iced tea that isn't instant (hard to find). Hubby had Chicken Fried Steak, which he said was very good, obviously not pre-frozen, and not greasy at all. Amazing list of bakery items, but unfortunately, none of those were gluten free.Ǿ
Very quaint little place. Seats inside and out and going in the summer outside wasn't an option most times. We went early enough and it wasn't an issue for us but when we left at 10 I would say wait is 15-20 minutes. Food is really good from omelets to the pancakes. Tried them all. Definitely a fun place in gilbert given the localǾ
Everything is scrumptious!! Seriously!! Cinnamon roll wow!! Apple Pancakes oh my!! Buffalo Scramble great! Quiche was so fab too!!Ǿ
We came here for breakfast and it is such a cute place. It's an old house that was converted in to a restaurant and they serve a  pretty solid breakfast.we will be coming back for sure.Ǿ
Great pancakes !  I've been to many breakfast places for pancakes like the farmhouse that has very bland pancakes. The pancakes here are a good size and taste great. The service is above average. Highly recommend.Ǿ
Past memory said this place had the atmosphere we were looking for at breakfast...still does.  Server was GREAT...that's where it all ended.  After we ordered food, we saw lots of food going back to the kitchen.  hmmmm.  The our order came.  moth my eggs and hash browns were not cooked as requested (yet on the receipt it stated properly).  rather than send back my whole meal, asked for a plate as they wanted to recook the browns.  they instead later brought out another plate of them and explained that was the most well done/crispy they could be.  and they were not.  as if they could not simply leave on grill longer??  eggs were to be over well, were REALLY runny and went all over the plate.  We dealt with it, did not want to cause more issues in a kitchen clearly having issues.

FYI, the gravy might look good, but tastes like thick flour paste.  avoid this.  put in on a biscuit and a country fried steak and basically I'm burping up bad flour for a few hours.

finally got the bill.  they chose to do nothing...we ordered bloody mary's, screwdrivers, had a nice tab.  they really messed up the food.  simple told the waitress that she was great but the kitchen let her down.  was disappointed they chose to not do anything for us based on the issues.  She explained she could not but she took to manager.

Manager comes out and wondered why we did not go to her since the waitresses "don't have authority to do anything". she had attitude over it.  nicely put.  she looked at us and after I explained the issue she actually stated "but you ate most of it right?".  OMG.  We re-explained we saw all the prior issues with other tables and dealt with it but did tell the waitress at the time.  She comped us a cup of coffee.  WOW...THANKS!  $50 breakfast tab and a free cup of Joe.  well done.  

Turns out this lady is actually the owner.  I told here she should fire herself.  She couldn't understand why I would say such a thing.  I explained how poorly she handled the situation...not to mention that the food was wrong (and simply not that good).  Frankly, me never going back is punishment enough.  I'd avoid this place.  And especially avoid the manage/ownerr...she's not pleasantǾ
Rubarb muffins are just the right size with a cup of  coffee. 

The breakfast is ok but nothing spectacular.  

The place is small so you may have to go outside to dine.Ǿ
I used to live here and frequent this restaurant. The apple pancakes were unreal. The cinnamon roll was served hot and fresh with butter to spare. Quaint atmosphere and friendly staff. 

That's what I would've written on my last review, but we came back to visit with our toddler and some friends and were very disappointed. 

Cinnamon rolls came out cold and stale. They heated it up, but, it was to stale for it to matter. Even my 2 year old lost interest. 

The famous apple pancakes used to be served with butter, and special syrup covering the whole thing, almost falling off the plate! I was bummed to see the plate come with pancakes lukewarm with nothing on them. The waitress brought the syrup on the side 5 minutes later. No butter. The syrup was less than 1/2 of the amount it used to be.

Two of us had ordered bacon and eggs to accompany our meal. They both came out cold. I sent mine back asking for them to be taken off the check thinking I would just pay for the rest of the meal and be on my way. This obviously isn't the place that it used to be and I was fine and ready to pay and leave.

What I assume was the manager/owner came to see what the problem was, we told her, and she questioned why we didn't say something sooner and walked off. She took off the cinnamon roll instead, which was a nice enough gesture, but that's not what I asked for. I pointed it out and she rudely told me it would take another 10 minutes to take the item off the bill, and threw $3 cash on the table instead, insisting that she could've made it right. I pointed out that with our toddler, we didn't have enough time for a 2nd round of food to "make it right" and she just said, "we're very busy" ... 

There was no "i'm sorry" or "give us another try next time, this one's on us" ... this is what good customer service sounds like.  It was pretty obvious they just wanted us gone, and paying as much of the bill as possible. I paid my bill, left a generous tip for our original waitress, who was very friendly. But I won't be back. I'll go up the road 1/2 mile to Liberty Market or Farmhouse Grill. There're too many other options out there to waste a meal out with management like that.Ǿ
My go to Breakfast place!! Charming little spot with the best breakfasts I have found so far since moving here to Arizona!!!!Ǿ
Heard about this quaint little place from a friend and decided to give it a try; it is now our go to breakfast spot. It's a nice environment inside or out, the staff is super friendly, always great service, and the food is fantastic!

We usual share a cinnamon roll to get things started, which are probably the best I've had anywhere. We've tried several different items on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. My favorite would be the country fried steak, which comes with biscuits and gravy that are simply amazing!

No complaints really about this place. Due to its small size it will fill up rather quickly at peak breakfast time and you my have a wait, but it's worth your timeǾ
2.5 stars.

Entered and place is small. Has 3 sitting rooms. No music so if you have a older couple right by you who don 't talk like we did, they just sit and listen to you. Creepy! Not a good place to sit and talk without many people hearing you as its super quiet.

Anyways we sat for 5-10 mins no server so no drinks. In the end we had 3 tables sit after us, eat, & leave before us. So maybe our slow service was an anomaly.

After finally getting our food, french toast arrived without syrup. Really? Yep. 

Waitress was nice and kept coffee full. Food was slow to come out.

Eggs & bacon on the side were cold. Eggs are better at home than here. French toast was good but not amazing. I would try pancakes next time. 

Overall it was ok, but not anything I would die to come back for.

To wash hands you have to leave the restaurant and walk across the parking lot as thats where the restrooms are located. Not convenient.Ǿ
After reviews and the atmosphere of the outside of the restaurant, I was looking forward to eating here this morning. Overall though I was quite disappointed for many reasons. 

My husband was extremely disappointed because they were out of chicken fried steak on a Sunday morning at 11 am... and that's the only thing he gets at breakfast.  He opted for the tuna sandwich which was fine.

The good:
- Great toast/bread
- Cute atmosphere
- Friendly people

The bad:
- Slow service (I had to ask for coffee refills)
- Have to wait outside with no misters (20+ minutes)
- Very bland hash browns 
- Very hot inside (we were sat next to the door), but still when it was closed, it was hot! 
- The house while cute is uncomfortable to sit in because people walking by cause your table to shake due to thin wooden floors

Overall my food tasted fine but I won't wait in the heat for it again. Decent prices ($22 for Tuna Melt, Omelet and 2 coffees).Ǿ
Fresh-tasting homemade country food in a home that reminds me of my grandparents' farmhouse.  Love it.  

You can sit inside for the homey atmosphere or outside on the patio under the greenery.  We chose the outside to be in the sun, but on a cold day, inside the house might be the right choice.  Inside, tables are packed together throughout the different rooms of the house.  It almost feels like the strangers next to you are extended family.

As everyone else seems to be saying, eat the Apple Pancakes.  They're warm, gooey, and taste more like a dessert than a brunch dish.  If you're feeling more healthy, the Green Chili Omelet is delicious.  I also tried some of my husband's Buffalo Burger.  He just got back from South Dakota, and apparently this food is authentic.  Everything's reasonably priced, about the same that you'd pay for brunch at a not-as-delicious chain restaurant.

Definitely worth a try, especially if you're in the mood for brunch.Ǿ
Sooooo good. Finally found a great bfast place in Gilbert that doesn't break the bank. Such an awesome atmosphere and the entire staff is so friendly. Erica is probably the nicest server in town. The restaurant is actually a small house with tables in each room. The patio is huge and perfect if the weather is nice. Loved the pancakes and veggie omelet. My daughter absolutely destroyed the blueberry pancake. You have to check this place out.Ǿ
My experience at the Gilbert House restaurant was not a good one. The hostess who also claimed to be the owner was very friendly to the people she knew and virtually ignored everyone elso who was waiting. In fact I felt she was rude and rather insulting.

My food was average at best especially considering the length of time we waited. 

The house is quaint and our waitress was very nice but under the circumstances that isn't enough to make up for an otherwise bad dining experience.Ǿ
Came here for a Sunday breakfast based off the yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint.  It's a smallish house kinda like a farmhouse with some seating outside.  It was a rainy cool Sunday so we chose to sit inside although we may have considered outside if they had some heat lamps bc it was covered.  We didn't wait too long though and overall the service was quick and friendly.

We shared a fresh cinnamon roll with our coffee to start.  It was a nice sweet beginning to the meal.  I had the steak benedict which came with a generous portion of hash browns.  The steak was cooked to medium well and it was a great version of eggs benedict.  Another highlight was the banana walnut pancakes with fluffy pancakes and just the right amount of bananas & walnuts.  Plenty of coffee refills and the right amount of attentiveness made it an enjoyable breakfast.Ǿ
Nice cute place for brunch. Great benedicts. Cute patio. Friendly staff. The hash browns are not oily. Ingredients seemed fresh.Ǿ
We love this place!! Best breakfast in town and its family owned which we love to support!  The food is amazing! Pumpkin pancakes were THE BEST!! I'm a huge salsa lover and the salsa is awesome here, I smother my eggs with it... Sooo yummy!Ǿ
Yum! Food was good. Too many flies hanging around though, that was annoying. Cute little house. Coffee was better than the average cafe. We will go back!Ǿ
Beautiful country style and very home styled  restaurant. The staff is friendly and quick. The apple sauce pancakes sent me to heaven. I had them with bacon and over medium eggs. Unattended children will be given an espresso and a free puppy lol.Ǿ
The G House is the place to be! Now I have not been here on a weekend morning yet but I can only assume the place is packed! The restaurant is just the cutest, nestled in downtown Gilbert the building and location has a rich history.

But lets talk about this food... wow! Fresh ingredients, prepared with love. You can always catch the owner Susan greeting her customer and preparing baked goods in the kitchen. The desert is never a question of hmmm should I? No, it is a MUST here! Whether its pie, cake, muffins, buns... oh no now my mouth is watering. 

I would definitely reccommend the Gilbert House and will be frequenting often myself!Ǿ
Service and customer recovery skills are poor. Insulting your customers, making excuses and forgetting to wait on them are all great reason to remove you from our list of regular restaurants to visit and recommend. Food is good and we considered this one of our regular favorites (that we recommended to everyone) until our recent visit.Ǿ
I was oh so disappointed in the Gilbert House. I really wanted to like this place and have a new "it" breakfast spot... The house itself is just so cute and quaint! The food was just bland and dull. I ordered the eggs benedict and my husband ordered the corn beef has. I was quite surprised at my eggs, the whites were watery and the yolk was cooked! What the heck? How do you manage to do that? The hollandaise sauce was on the watery sauce and tasted mostly like butter. My husband's corn beef hash was super salty and his over medium eggs were also watery (the egg white). If we go back, I'd like to their apple pancakes or an omelet.Ǿ
I recently flew into town from California to visit family. I heard this was the place to go for breakfast and it did not disappoint! In fact, Susan's Apple Pancakes were the best I've ever had in my life! The homemade sauce they use is out of this world. The atmosphere feels like you're right at home. Everyone is so welcoming and friendly. Can't wait to go back for breakfast again. Highest recommendation!Ǿ
Great breakfast. Great cozy atmosphere with friendly people.  We had the green chili omelette. Can't even describe how great it is! Also shared some pancakes. Their pancakes are to die for!Ǿ
I put this picture gilbert house restaurant facebook and they just block me. I' sure they block other people too if someone write truth.Ǿ
Our friend brought us here for the first time to eat brunch and we loved it! It looks like they converted that house into a restaurant which is good because it really feels like you're home. One thing that keeps me from coming back is their pancake! The susan apple pancake is to die for!!Ǿ
Have been here for breakfsat several times and my only complaint is that I didn't discover it sooner!  The staff are incredibly friendly and navigate a Sunday breakfast rush extremely well.  The setting is very quaint and while the tables are close together, it's nonetheless enjoyable.  It's like being right in someone's dining room!  The service is always good and the staff is incredibly friendly.  The food is excellent and I have never left dissatisfied.  I have taken several friends from out of town there and they all seem to enjoy it immensely.  2 thumbs up!Ǿ
My initial review was taken down because it was deemed a "personal attack". Although I don't agree, people should still be able to read my experience. So here it is again, but edited for content: This is the worst customer service experience I've had at any restaurant, locally owned or chain. Actually, at a chain this would never happen. Let me explain.. I went here yesterday morning (1/31/16) for breakfast with a girlfriend of mine to catch up. I ordered the Santa Fe Omelette and asked for no monterey jack cheese, no tortilla strips and sauce on the side instead of on top. Reasonable requests I've made before and am also sure others have made regardless if it concerned food allergies or plain preference. The waiter comes back with the "manager" because their computer doesn't input orders that way. The manager went over my order saying that I wanted the "designer omelette" with onions, tomatoes, and feta, hash browns and tortilla (similar to the Santa Fe I guess). I still wanted the sauce on the side which was the one item missing on my plate. Not a big deal, the waiter brought it out when I asked for it. And btw, it wasn't even sauce but more like salsa. This is where the problem occurred, we get the check and we were both charged more than what was priced on the menu. My omelette was priced at $8.95 and whatever she had put on the ticket said $10. I brought this up to our waiter and she brings the manager over again. The owner starts her sorry excuse of an explanation as to why it was charged like that "it's because we can't enter it in our system the way you asked for it and for substitutions we charge more, it's only a dollar". Excuse me?! How about I forego a dollar and say, hey it's just a dollar to you! Why don't you look up the word "substitution" because I asked for 2 items to be taken out of my omelette without replacing it with anything else! So I tell her, it's not just a dollar it needs to be the correct price. Just because you're too lazy to go in the kitchen to tell the chef what I asked for/your faulty system won't allow for custom changes doesn't mean I have to pay you another dollar. Think if she had said this to 500 other customers. That would be another $500 in her pocket for laziness. She tells me that she would take care of it because I had a problem and goes to fix our tab. Assuming the meal would be comped I put my card away. She comes back, takes my friend's card and says that she fixed hers and took $1 off of mine. So.. I'm still paying for that? Now we have to wait for this idiot to come back only to tell her that the check needs to be split. We tell her this only for her to say "can't you just give her the money you owe her?" and I respond with "are you serious?" with her saying "yeah, I'm serious". Why don't you start doing your job and void out the first tab you already messed up and follow protocol? Obviously I told her no. She said that she needed my card first to split the check and I asked to verify "so I'm paying $8.95 right?" She says "I'll get your check". Yeah, why don't you show me the new receipt before handing over my card? When she returns with my corrected receipt I held out my card and she snatched it from me! I spoke loudly saying "Don't snatch my card from my hand!"If you haven't noticed but I didn't mention her apologizing for anything because she hadn't and when she heard me she says "I'm in a hurry" and rushes in the back. Guess what, I was in a hurry too and I've been waiting for you to get me the right bill for the last 30 min! I asked her if she was the manager and she says "Yes, and the owner". So I tell her that I had a horrible experience here, specifically with her. And all she wants to say is that I'M the one being difficult?! Rule #1 in customer experience, the customer is always right! I know that's not always true, but she clearly did not GAF about how rude her interaction with us was. She goes on saying I should order what's on the menu and again, a substitution was made. 1- Don't tell your customers what to order 2- a substitution is a REPLACEMENT of one thing for another! She mentions that she overheard me curse in my conversation to my friend, a conversation that she was not a part of, therefore I have a "trashy mouth". Everyone curses, are you kidding me? Why don't you stop eavesdropping and apologize for the difficulty YOU put me through that morning? Her sense of entitlement shows that she's been treating customers however she wants for a long time. I'll be recommending people to NOT eat here. BTW, I filed a dispute with my bank and got my money back.Ǿ
This is the first unique (not chain) brunch place I have found in the east valley that serves alcohol! The food was DELISH! finallyǾ
Stopped for lunch with my daughter about 30 minutes before they close and we were treated with friendly, unrushed service. The waitress and owner said several times, No Hurry at all and they made us feel like they really meant it. 

Looking forward to going back when the weather permits more enjoyable Patio dining -- its too hot right now. Delicious flavor with our food and next time we can probably split something since we aren't big eaters.

Charming area with trees and grass to wonder around outside. Doesn't feel like you are in the desert in Arizona.Ǿ
So I've decided that the service here can be as shitty as they want it to be, because the food is FUCKING AMAZING. Came here this morning and had their daily special- walnut-banana pancakes with bacon.

It was a ten. A solid, perfect ten. Absolute perfection. It was amazing. I could throw a long string of lauding words at it, but words can't do this food justice. Even looking at other people's meals made my mouth water. They do food right, here.

The service was great- my coffee never got cold and my water never got warm. And a good price for good food makes me a happy man.

So why only four stars? 

Honestly I can't get over how much the service sucked the first time I came here. And not only that- I tried coming here another day and had a similiarly unwelcome experience. My girlfriend and I came into the front door and waited... just waited... and waited... the female server (who was also the same vapid and inept server from my first visit) just looked at us and then went back to her conversation. No greeting, no acknowledgement, no smile, not even a simple "Be right with you!". So we left. Said server was not present on my visit today... which gives me hope for this place after all.Ǿ
I have only been here once, so my review is based on a single experience. The restaurant is quaint and cute with a charming country feel to it. I really enjoyed sitting on their patio with our meal, despite being so close to the road, it was peaceful. I ordered the healthy scramble and my husband had the hash. Both were ok but we concluded that the food could have been a lot better with more seasoning. Because of the limited or no seasoning, we were constantly salting our food; this alone could have changed it from a 3 to a 4 star for me.The staff is courteous and friendly enough.

I would recommend trying this restaurant, and would try it again, maybe for lunch.Ǿ
The Gilbert House has one of the best homemade breakfasts anywhere. Every time we've come here, the food and service has been excellent. They have the best pancakes anywhere!:)Ǿ
While the food was good, the service was disappointingly below par. After waiting for 10 minutes to be sat (there was nobody in front of me), I was not given menus by my waitress, Lisette, until about 15 minutes after I sat down at my table. She didn't take my drink order and I was disgusted by the way she spoke to some of her coworkers. All around a disappointing service experience.Ǿ
I visited my sister in Arizona, and to catch a couple Spring Training games. Looking for something better then IHOP/Denny's, I turned to my buddy Yelp for help. I quick search fielded this diamond in Gilbert House. We scored with this one. Fast service. Great food. Outdoor patio. Low prices. They had all the bases covered. Was a home run with me and my sisters kids. Go the extra innings, order a fresh hand-made cinnamon roll for a sure win.Ǿ
The buffalo burger was everything we had heard it would be.  The restaurant was extremely busy and staff was very efficient but friendly.  Awesome setting--renovated Sears historic home.  After viewing some delicious looking breakfast dishes, we will return and try breakfast.Ǿ
You can't go wrong with whatever you order here, but pancakes and french toast are delicious!  Great patio seating and the staff is awesome! Highly recommended!!Ǿ
My friend wanted to try this place out. It's literally a cute little house turned into a restaurant. 

They have a really cute outdoor patio you can sit at or you can sit inside the "house" lol. We ordered the cinnamon roll to start. That was yummy. I ordered the corned beef hash. I liked the corned beef in this plate. Everything else was pretty basic. My friend ordered the biscuits and gravy which she enjoyed. 

The service was good. One thing I would recommend is putting a sign right outside the door for people to sign in for a table. There was just a little clipboard  that was very easy to miss and no one outside so we weren't sure if we were supposed to seat ourselves or what. Also, another thing I didn't like is if you want to split your plate with your friend or whoever, they will charge you an additional $1.50 for that. What!? Other then that I thought it was a very cute little brunch/breakfast place. =)Ǿ
A great atmosphere with good food.  The food is your basic breakfast menu, and while they don't do anything fantastic, they do it well.  Good thick bacon, eggs cooked to just right, good hash browns, you get the idea.  It's the only reason I held off a star, the food should be almost perfect to get a 5 star review.  Decent prices.  The main reason you go here is for the atmosphere.  A great place to get away from the chain restaurants.  It seems a bit cramped inside the house but if you like that sort of thing, it is quaint.  Outside seating is fantastic, most of it is shaded and if you have good weather then its worth the wait.Ǿ
The food is average. The service was worse. Had to ask to get my water filled 6 times. both of our food orders came out wrong and took forever and it was not busy. It was a tuesday at 11am. Beautiful little lot, cute setup, but too bad the service was poor and inattentive and slow.Ǿ
Absolute favorite breakfast place. The food the great and unpretentious. I usually just get over easy eggs and pancakes  so I hate fancy breakfast places, I just want to not have to worry about my eggs not being runny because I over cooked them again. Coffee is wonderful and they have vanilla creamer. Even better it's not expensive so it's a nice treat without buyers remorse.Ǿ
Service was terrible but the food was pretty good. I had the blueberry pancakes. They where tasty and a little crispy. 
The waitress barely come over...Ǿ
Food:  Not bad.  Having real corned beef instead of the crap in a can was a huge plus.  

Venue:  It's quaint being in an old house but that charm was lost with the child's death curdling cry that went on for about 15 minutes and the parents didn't take their spawn outside.  Because it's an old, small house...sound travels quite well.

The number of hipsters though had me on beard, Fidora and flannel watch.  Actually had a group next to us that were rating their favorite baristas at the local coffee shops.

Service:  No utensils on the table and when asked for jelly for the order of toast, I was brought 6 packets of strawberry.  Completely odd but funny the same.

Overall...not horrible, but don't see coming back in the foreseeable future.Ǿ
Only a 5 min wait at breakfast for patio seating in gorgeous weather on a Saturday. Very nice meal. Delicious sticky cinnamon rolls. We'll be back!Ǿ
Amazing green chile omelette.  Sat on the lovely patio.  Shared an incredibly delicious cinnamon bun.  Fast service and efficient food delivery.  Perfect in every way!Ǿ
Have gone to this place both for a small breakfast on an off day, and a mother's day brunch. Even though it was busier than heck, they had a great "buffet" breakfast thing for mothers day which was wonderful. you got a table, waited in line for food, and ate away (even seconds!) So delicious, and the service is always superb. Quaint little place, if only I was in Gilbert more often. :)Ǿ
Cozy, home-like atmosphere, but a bit crowded on weekends which made me feel a bit claustrophobic when I ate inside. Outside seating is good if weather permits. The food was good portion- not too huge, and I found it lighter than say, IHOP or Carrows. I didn't have to unbutton my pants after my meal, so that was good.Ǿ
This little diner is set in an old Sears & Roebuck catalog house built in, I believe 1923. That in itself is pretty cool. The wait for an inside, air conditioned table, was only about 15-20 mins at 10am on a Sunday. Shaded outdoor seating was available immediately. 
Our drink order was taken immediately after we sat and waters were brought promptly. Coffee was fresh. I had eggs benedict. While the hollandaise sauce appeared "runny" it was tasty. Price was reasonable. Less than $30 for 3 people with coffees. 
Overall a nice little family owned diner with good food and reasonable prices. Will return.Ǿ
We went here with the family for the first time on a Sunday morning around 9:30am. You need to sign up on the sheet out front to get s table. At least there is a big chalk board sign that notifies you to do so. We had excellent service and they had high chairs, but a small kids menu. Apple juice is fresh squeezed, and delicious. Try a cinnamon roll, it's a must, and large enough to share with a small family. I had the corn beef hash and it was delicious as well. Plates are decent proportions. If you come here during rush hour, plan for a wait, as the place is small, but with both indoor and outdoor seating. They do have misters at the tables, but the waiting area is out in the sun.Ǿ
Great food, made with care and quality ingredients, family run. Just a bit quirky.
A place you will return to.Ǿ
We went to the Gilbert House about 1:00 pm today to try this restaurant.  We watched "Check Please" the evening before and they had great reviews.  We thought we would give it  a  try.  Started out with a young girl seating us and taking our drink order. We asked for ice tea.  She brought our ice tea, with no ice.  Finally  our waitress came out and took our order. Ordered the Cob salad with Turkey breast and the  Bison burger (medium rare) . After waiting for about  45 minutes, we finally got our order.  Her Cob salad with no Turkey and my medium rare Bison burger extremely well done. Our waitress was pretty good, but the overall experience was not worth the price.  Sorry to say,  this will be a one and done.Ǿ
We started with a delicious cinnamon roll. I had the Green Chili Omelette, and my husband had the Buffalo Scramble. We both absolutely loved our food. The service was great, and the place is cute and cozy without being cramped. We will definitely be back.Ǿ
Love country fried steak? This is the place! Wonderful! Service was outstanding, too!Ǿ
My husband and I go out for breakfast every weekend and hunt for the perfect breakfast. Ater many, many tries, we finally found it! The Gilbert House is fantastic! We had an outstanding cinnamon roll, French toast, and a green chile omelette on our first visit. I've ordered that omelet several times since :) The food and service are consistently great! We found out this is a family owned restaurant and they obviously put love and care into their place. I can't recommend this place enough! Skip the chaos of downtown Gilbert and drive just a minute more to Gilbert House.Ǿ
Homemade food. Best breakfast ever eaten. Every dish I have eaten has been nothing short of spectacular. Service a little slow but the food is well worth the wait.Ǿ
Country fried steak breakfast was amazing.  And then I finished it off with a cinnamon roll. Amazing.  Great little place.  Probably expect to wait during busy times. Seats 25-30 people max.  Great location.  Quick service.  Affordable. Easy parking.Ǿ
We are newbies to AZ - and I Yelped looking for a 'mom and pop' place to have breakfast this morning. The Gilbert House was an awesome find! It's a little off the beaten track, but what isn't in AZ?

We had the apple pancakes with srambled eggs and bacon, a meal too large even for me, and I'm 9 months pregnant! The food was well cooked, and the service was great. Also, the owner was helping out clearing tables and such, which impressed me!

The only reason we give it 4 stars and not 5... they use packaged creamer on the table for coffee and not real creamer, not sure why! We heart coffee, so that's a real turn-off. Also, they could scale back on the amount of butter they use to cook things in, and how much they load on top of the food. Minor things, and not enough to keep us away!

As soon as the weather is cooler, we are going to ride our bikes over... with the baby!Ǿ
This place is FANTASTIC!  If you're looking for a dining experience with that "just like being at home" feeling this is the place for you.  The meals are prepared with care and taste just like Momma used to make.  Wait staff are very helpful and that cute petite blond walking around is the proprietor making sure all is to your liking.  Don't miss this experience...you won't regret it!Ǿ
I arrived at The Gilbert House and walked in, only to be ignored by every waitress who walked past me for five minutes like I was invisible. When I finally got someone's attention and asked to place a to go order, I was told to wait a minute. When the waitress got back to me, she told me that they were not taking to go orders today because they didn't have enough waitresses.  I've never heard of a restaurant not taking to go orders.Ǿ
Solid three stars with room for improvement. 

Love the atmosphere! They converted the house into a restaurant in 1986, and it has a small town charm. 

The chicken fried steak was tasty, but the cook forgot my biscuits and the hash brown portion was a little small. 

I will definitely go back to try something new!Ǿ
The pickle juice soaked my $11 sandwich and fries. :( pickles are seriously the worst food ever and should never be a garnish.Ǿ
Saw this place on "check please" and gave it a try. Good was great but service was just ok. Forgetful waitress. We'll definitely give the place another try.Ǿ
I  visited here a couple of months ago. Now let me say if a restaurant is based on physical property or decor alone, this is a 4 star. The house is very charming and I am sure on a mild Sunday morning, this place would be awesome, it was even on a Thursday morning. But at some point  we have to eat right and can't just sit there admiring the ambiance.

The food is fine, not the worse place but I guess with the location and decor, you hope to be wow. Well I was not. I had the corn beef hash, and french toast. Not good, the beef came from a can, just all minced up with what seem like tater tots broken up. French Toast was okay again nothing of high quality or original but just plain. The food was just not of of the quality  that is  done with either dedication, love or anything really, just done to get out the door. What a shame, the place is great to look at and enjoy sitting there looking at the road but that is about it.Ǿ
This place really needs a hostess on Sundays. We waited more than ten minutes and nobody showed up to offer us a table. We and another couple ended up leaving.  Way to lose business...Ǿ
First of all, this restaurant is not bad, but nothing to be excited about. We went there because of all the good reviews. We went there on weekday morning, so there was no wait. Food came out fairly quick, we were expecting something really good but were a bit disappointed.

Food was okay, and their $2.75 so called "fresh squeezed" orange juice appeared to be a lie. Tasted just like the one I can get from Wal-Mart.Ǿ
Food is good. Quaint house. Needs a sign when you enter to tell you what to do. Sit yourself? Not sure.
Service is very spotty, heard wait staff and management have huge fight in back once.Ǿ
This place is on point there breakfast is homemade and delicious and the service is great my servers name was Erica best service I have ever had at a restaurant I will definitely come back to the Gilbert House as a regular and the Gilbert House is the BEST breakfast and lunch restaurant in Gilbert by far !!!  :-)Ǿ
Cinnamon roll was tasty, but rest of breakfast was good, not great. 
Service was really really slow (we were there for over an hour total, food came about 45 min in)
Staff seemed friendly.Ǿ
Food was great.   It was nice to enjoy it outside before it gets hot!!!!  Service was great, our ice tea was kept filled and the staff was really friendly.  Nice lunch time spot in GilbertǾ
Perfect place for brunch in Gilbert. Good food, good prices. Cinnamon rolls are amazing, as are the eggs Benedict. 

The only thing you need to know is if you value privacy in your conversations, sit outside. The house itself is an old, small home so the rooms are small to the point of hearing everyone's conversation. I like the cozy atmosphere, but that's just me! 

Serving staff are excellent and always have a smile on their face! 

What more can I say? This place is the perfect morning/noon place to eat for brunch food.Ǿ
the gilbert house is good......  ok i know that is a weak review ..if you go to there web site it comes off as a bit  of an up scale dining spot ...basically its grandmas house, seamed to have a lot of repeat customers that new the names of there wait person ..this place has good food good service and yes quaint if you like that grandma house thing w/lots of kitch ....antiquey cups and saucers all over the wall....i thought the menu was a little pricey for the size of their omlets....all and all worth a tryǾ
Another stop along the Gilbert breakfast circuit. I know a few people who are big fans of this place so I was eager to try it. Since I'm a sane person, I went with my husband early mid-week to avoid the crowds.

The setup is pretty country cute without being corny. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. The coffee was average, but at least there was plenty of it.

The food came out quickly. My husband went with the country fried steak since they don't have biscuits and gravy entree on the menu (but they do have both biscuits and gravy, so go figure). He thought the dish was ok. We both were hoping for crispier hash browns. I liked my santa fe omelette especially the chipotle sauce on top. I wish they had been more generous with it because it really added to the overall flavor. The portion was a little smaller than what I'm used to with breakfast joints. It was just enough for me, but my lumberjack husband would have had to order a second meal.Ǿ
Had Mother's Day brunch here with my family, it was fabulous! We sat on their beautiful patio and the buffet was set up inside. The food was delicious and plentiful, never an empty tray. The waitress delivered fresh hot cinnamon and caramel rolls to our table, yum! I will definitely return for breakfast or lunch.Ǿ
Allison was fantastic, the food by Andera was incredibly delicious. I recommend this place to eat, feel peace, and feel good. Love this little gem in our community. Literally down the street is all the big dogs.....but prefer Susan (the owner) kindness and hospitality. You don't get that much anymore. Oh and btw everything is from scratch! YUM!Ǿ
Yum-a-dum-dum!  The Gilbert House is really adorable and I was excited to eat in this classic, old world charm house-turned-restaurant.  We came at a non-peak time - about 11 a.m. on a Thursday morning - so while there were customers there, we did not have to wait for a table.

I ordered the Hearty Scramble and shared with my mom who ordered a pancake and a side of hash browns.  My dad ate the toast that came with the scramble, but the rest was just about the right amount for my mom and me to share.

The Hearty Scramble is made with eggs, bacon, ham, sausage and cheese.  There was just the right mixture of ingredients such that no one flavor overtook the meal.  The hash browns were perfectly browned.  And the deliciously fluffy pancake and syrup added just enough sweetness to round out the flavors in the meal.

Looking forward to going back again!Ǿ
Second trip was as awesome as the first!!!  We tried the Eggs Benedict, Quiche of the day, and Biscuits and Gravy and WOW is the only way to describe the food.  It was all great, but the biscuit and gravy was UNBELIEVABLE!!!  A definite must if you are a biscuit fan.  The service was wonderful and the environment is perfect.
Come by if you want excellent food and a great timeǾ
Quaint place to go to for breakfast, when in Gilbert.  Its cozy, the food is good.  They have a dinner menu, and I plan to go back for a nice evening experience here, I imagine the charm is amplified at night!Ǿ
Ok, my take on breakfast is there is no such things as a five star breakfast, but you sure can make bad ones.  This place to me falls in the category of good breakfasts, good ambiance so good review.

We started out with the carmel honey bun, very tasty but would have been over the top with some salted nuts over top of them.  We still devoured it.

I personally am a corned beef hash fan.  Been all over town trying to find some good hash.  A few places have boasted about theirs but all have fallen short.  The owner (will comment on her later) recommended hers after I inquired about it as she brought us coffee.  I am not going to lie, when it showed I like I have always been was let down. Now it tasted good but the hash was cut into small pieces, not the way I prefer.  The owner came back to check, I told her I liked it, but.....

Her response was that's how they used to have it, but older customers complained how it was difficult to chew..lol reaaaaaaalllllyyyyyy..

This owner was awesome, she chatted, cared and even brought me a pancake (she bragged how hers were the best) when I told her that I wasn't a huge fan of pancakes.  She tried to convert me. They were good...

So take notes Harvey's Public House owner, Sleepy Dog Owner, this is how you own a restaurant, CARE about your customers, engage them, don't sit on a chair like you are king and watch over the serfs(Harvey's)  or don't glug down cocktail after cocktail while your kitchen is in the weeds (Sleepy Dog).  

We will be back to support a good restaurant with an even better owner.Ǿ
My wife and I have been going to the Gilbert House every monday morning for the past 3 months. The food and service here is amazing. We have never been disappointed in something that we ordered. My wife's favorite breakfast item is the corned beef hash, which is absolutely amazing. My favorite has to be the green chili omelet with chorizo. 

There service is great, and it is family run which makes it even better. If you are ever near The Gilbert House, you gotta check it out.Ǿ
Tired of bad service! my husband and I just left this place. We were ignored for 15 min. Not even a cup of coffee or water, just a good morning from one of the staff. Honesty the owners should be looking this problem closely. I could not believe that is what they call service. Please acknowledge your customers!!Ǿ
We have been coming here for years and LOVE it! A great owner and a very friendly staff! Great food and just a great place to relax and enjoy good food with good people and forget your worries for a bit. See ya soon, Mike and Leslie!!Ǿ
Originally I wrote a rather long, detailed explanation of my unfortunate experience at The Gilbert House.  I decided instead to make it brief...
I can't say anything good about their food as it was too hard for them to cook eggs and a steak to order - even with two attempts.  Beside being over-done, the food had no detectable trace of any seasoning.  I had to smother it in steak sauce!  They offer no senior or military discounts and are pricey for what you get.  The wait staff were nice and polite. Even though my order was a complete disaster,  no manager came to inquire or offer apologies.  I paid full price and departed very unsatisfied.  My first experience at this restaurant and it was a major disappointment.  Steak and eggs.... not too hard to do.... usually!   I emphatically recommend going elsewhere to find an enjoyable breakfast at a fair price.Ǿ
I really think this place is so cute.  We went there today to support Small Business Saturday.  Good food, quaint atmosphere, nice staff.  We will defiantly go there again.Ǿ
Stopped in for breakfast with a friend today. They were busy as most breakfast spots are on the weekend. The wait was less than half an hour, the service was exceptional, the food good. My girlfriend ordered an omelet and I had the eggs Benedict. Before completing our meal we both agreed to return. The place is small but inviting. I have no complaints. Thank you Gilbert House!Ǿ
The Gilbert House Restaurant sits nestled in a cozy little farm village at the heart of Gilbert.  The quaint little shops surrounding the farm style restaurant added to the old-fashioned feel. 

Even though it was mid August, the summer heat was kept at bay by the cool gentle breeze from the misters. This made waiting for our table extremely bearable. The wait itself didn't take but 10 min for a table for two. 

The restaurant had that "behind the times feel" I've come to expect from farm style establishments.  It's almost as if the more outdated a place is,  the better the food.  The Gilbert House Restaurant was no exception. 

The service here was pretty good. Our waitress was friendly and promptly re-filled our drinks. The food took a little longer to come out than expected but was worth the wait. The Bananna Nut Pancakes and Eggs Benedict are amazing dishes! They were perfectly sized portions that left us feeling full but not sluggish. No frills or fancy garnishes here,  just fresh ingredient goodness.   

Overall our experience was fantastic and we will definitely be back.Ǿ
We were looking for a brunch place that would take reservations for our party of 10 so we didn't have to wait hours to celebrate my mother's 83rd birthday. The Gilbert House set us up on the patio with lovely table and wonderful welcome for us. The staff was excellent and attentive even on a busy morning, and the food was perfect. The cottage setting is charming, and we highly recommend Gilbert House.Ǿ
Wow! Who knew something like this was hanging out just south of downtown Gilbert? I have been looking for a place to stop by and grab a coffee/bite to eat on my weekly morning bike route. Liberty Market was an obvious choice due to their great coffee bar but it's always way more crowded than I care to deal with. 

This place has a cute patio set back far enough from the street that traffic doesn't feel like it's bearing down on top of you. 

My waitress was super friendly and really on top of things - not overbearing and not "missing." (Thanks! You put my faith back into good service!)

I love quiche - so that's what I ordered. Yum! First impressions - huge portion. Too much for me but very well made. Cooked perfectly - almost a "custardy" bottom layer with big chunks of veggies and bacon and a golden "crust" on top. And most importantly - it was NOT over seasoned! The pie crust was Delish as well - you can see the skill of the cook in the details and it was obvious they know what they're doing here. 

The salad was fresh - served with cut fruit on top and a really nice vinaigrette that was a great complement to the creamy/saltiness of the quiche (I normally don't like sweet dressings but this was worked perfectly to balance the quiche). 

To top things off, they serve the quiche with a fresh made muffin. I broke into it to find it was rhubarb! It's like they had read my mind on all my favorite things :) Not sure if it's rhubarb all the time or whatever is in season, but I was very happy with the rhubarb (also not easy to cook well - another sign of a good cook!)

Oh, I can't forget to mention - the coffee. The reason I stopped in the first place :) They serve "bottomless" drip coffee but unlike other breakfast places with endless coffee, they use a nice, strong roast (not watery sludge like you get elsewhere).Ǿ
I always go through previous reviews before I dine so I can get a feel for what I should try.  Regarding the few negative reviews there is no doubt in my mind these came from a local competitor. Silly people, I do this for a living with technical products and can sniff you out in a heartbeat.

I went 4 times, 2 for breakfast, 2 for lunch.  

I started with a very basic 2 eggs (poached) with hash browns and bacon and toast (homemade sourdough). The eggs were poached perfect, done but still very soft and perfect for dragging the toast through the yolk. (Which I truly enjoy).  I asked for my bacon a little crispy and the cook nailed it and the bacon was a perfect thickness about it. I had asked to substitute the hash browns for fresh fruit, when the order arrived there were hash browns and no fruit, when I mentioned it to my server she quickly delivered a bowl of delicious fresh fruit consisting of strawberries, pineapple and the crispest and sweetest grapes I have ever had in a restaurant.  Soft grapes are a pet peeve of mine.

The toast was a homemade sourdough that measures up to any bread I have ever had.

The claimed fresh squeezed orange juice was exactly that and delivered! I asked to sample the Bloody Mary mix sans the vodka and added that to my must have list for my next visit. A+


Visit 2. Lunch: I was torn between the Albacore Tuna sandwich and the BLT, I went with the Tuna and was not disappointed. The 9 grain bread was amazing and the tuna salad was tossed perfectly. Again I went with a side of fruit and it was the perfect accompaniment. A+

Visit 3. Back to breakfast: I waffled between a few dishes and upon the servers advice I went with the Buffalo Scramble. I normally tell them I like my scrambled eggs very soft, I forgot.  When the plate arrived with a wonderful blend of veggies, Jack cheese and ground Buffalo the cook had nailed it on the eggs which says a lot to me. The portion was very generous with enough to take home for a nice afternoon snack. I don't need to go into the fruit and toast again. A+.

Visit 4. Lunch: I ordered the Cobb Salad. Long story short, 2nd best I have ever had and I have had quite a few to say the least. A+

Now let's talk about the Bloody Mary, this was a truly amazing experience for my taste buds. If you don't drink, order it virgin style with no alcohol, it might even be better that way. They put a little kick with hot sauce and horseradish, but just enough to make you order another. A++++++

Regarding the service, they have done a great job hiring and training a very nice group of young people.  The comments on previous posts re the service are hooey and I will argue that point to the end.  Looking forward to my next visit.

Henry.Ǿ
This place is amazing.. I've been a coupe of times and ordered they're lunch and breakfast! The breakfast is incredible.. the bacon pancakes are to DIE for. So yummy. The perfect thing when you want brunch/breakfast and savory/sweet. Comes with a whiskey syrup that's amazing.Ǿ
My 21-year-old daughter and I went here for a late breakfast today (around 10:30) as the place we would usually go had a long wait.  The Gilbert House was almost empty, with only one other table with diners aside from the hostess and two men chatting at a table and drinking coffee.  

We were promptly greeted and seated at a small table in the front room. I took the chair next to the wall and my daughter's chair was out a bit into the doorway to the next room, but since it was not crowded it was not an issue.  The waitress quickly took our drink orders (coffee & water for both) and brought them back fast.  She then took our breakfast orders -- an omelette with hash browns and toast for my daughter and the berry pancakes with a side of sausage for me.

In the meantime, a couple had come in and been seated across the same room, also at a small table.  Shortly thereafter, another couple came in and were seated at a larger table directly behind that couple; the poor man at the first table had to squeeze in really close to his table as the woman just seated at the other table kept bumping her chair into his (not a lot of room here.)

Our food was then brought out, but my daughter's wheat toast was not as they had run out of wheat, so she opted for sourdough.  When it was brought to her, it was only 1 piece of bread sliced in half - not the usually two slices of bread that every other restaurant serves as toast.  (The menu says "toast" so one would assume it would be two slices, even if the bread is thickly sliced.)  The waitress would deliver items to our table and run away so fast we could not ask for refills or anything else; my daughter tried to tell the waitress as she was running away that she needed ketchup but the waitress talked over her and said "sure" but never brought the ketchup until having to be asked a second time.

The food was very tasty.  The berry pancakes with berry syrup were big and sweet, exactly what I wanted.  The sausages were good - they gave me four links as my side order - but we would have gladly exchanged two of them for another slice of toast.

The other couple across the room at the small table were experiencing the same service issues as we were (i.e., the waitress running off so fast they could not ask her for anything they needed.)  The man was also bemused by the one slice of toast and ordered a second order; he was also told he had to pick another bread because they were out of wheat.  They laughed when we were finally given a bottle of ketchup as they had been trying to get one every time the waitress ran off, so my daughter took them ours when she was finished.  That man also wanted salsa and was offered pico de gallo instead; then the waitress kept forgetting it.  He called after her after one of the times she bolted away from their table and she did not acknowledge him; she did show up shortly after with the pico de gallo but it was not what was described to him as being the same as salsa (pico de gallo is a chopped up tomatoes, onions, and other vegetables such as jalapenos or other peppers; salsa is more liquid, tomato-based, and typically less spicy, for those not familiar.)

What was frustrating during all of this was that we could hear the hostess's conversation at the table in the next room with the two men at her table, with the waitress often joining in the conversation instead of focusing on serving the three tables in our little room.  Also, a couple had come in that were obviously "regulars" who were seated in that room and, judging by the conversation, were treated like royalty compared to those of us practically being ignored in the other room.

After all of this,  to get a bill of $25 for our two meals -- this place is way overpriced for what we received.  Five of us just spent the past weekend (Labor Day) in Redondo Beach, California, and ate breakfast at the marina on the waterfront for less than $10 per person.  And those were full breakfasts too, with freshly-baked muffins and fantastic service.

Bottom line here:  food was good (except for the one slice of toast deal), coffee was great, service was marginal.  Now I know why this place was empty and the one up the street had a line waiting outside.  Save your money and go someplace else.

(Funny how the pictures they are asking me to rate as helpful show an omelette with TWO pieces of toast! LOL)Ǿ
Update: We ended up going back a second time yesterday for a family member's special occasion. We really tried to keep our minds open and enjoy our meal! 

The good: service was great, very friendly and attentive. My apple pancakes were light and fluffy with a nicely done cider sauce. 

The bad: my husband's Eggs Benedict were again liquidy and a lukewarm sort of separated and congealed, as if they had been sitting on the counter. The deal breaker was that his hashbrowns were undercooked and sprinkled through with multiple hairs (not his own, unfortunately). Not going to lie, it was pretty unappetizing.

It's really too bad, because I want to LOVE Gilbert House. It is charming, their baked goods are delicious, and their patio is tops. But the food quality issues (undercooking and errant hair are big issues!) plus the unpredictable service keep me from recommending this spot.Ǿ
The best food I have ever tasted!! Susan, the owner, makes the best homemade pies ever!! They are a slice of heaven!! Her cinnamon rolls melt in your mouth!! The tuna melt was perfect!! Love the quaint little house with the porch!! Just a precious place!! Service was amazing!Ǿ
After seeing this place on Check Please, and it being a mile from my house I thought I would check it out for breakfast. Perfect 70 degree morning and we ate outside, come to find out its dog friendly. Staff was great, we got seated right away, Mimosa or Bloody Mary's were $6. My daughter and I both had omelettes, and they were both ok, nothing wow'd me. 
The cinnamon rolls looked great, and I'd like to come back and try that Buffalo Burger.......I'll be back.Ǿ
EXCELLENT customer service. SUPER friendly.  Delicious breakfast (yes Buffalo for breakfast).  I will return, again and again.  Great small town feel too (and I'm from the Big Apple).  Love it.Ǿ
A bit disappointed with my meal this time around. I ordered the Chicken Ceasar salad and it was drenched in dressing and the dressing tasted like mayonnaise. ..possibly because there was way too much. Will of course come back as i eat here just about every weekend but do not recommend that for lunch!Ǿ
This is one of the most quaint, unique breakfast spots in Phoenix!!  I personally like to sit on the patio in the shade.  The service is great and the food is always on point.  Reasonably priced too.  If you are going on the weekend, go at 9:00 AM or earlier to avoid a wait!Ǿ
This place is incredible. Everything you'd expect and want. Beautiful setting, homey atmosphere, excellent service, and food straight out of grandmas kitchen -Healthy portions, full of flavor. Definitely a hidden gem.Ǿ
Was disappointed with service & mgmt. Owner thought we were doing HER a favor by coming here. Asked to be moved away from front door as it was 45 deg outside...gave me a look like, "how dare you ask me that!!" Could tell she went into kitchen and told our server, as she then comes out with an attitude. Other way better places, sans the attitude in Gilbert to eat at. I'm done with this place.Ǿ
Fresh squeezed juice was excellent, and chicken fried steak was great! My daughter loved her French toast. We loved sitting outside in the sun. We will be back!Ǿ
I ordered a double bacon cheese burger my brother ordered a breakfast omelet and they were both absolutely incredible the service was great it was a bit pricey but sooooo totally worth it if you get the chance do it don't second guess it thabks for your timeǾ
I would have never found this place if it weren't for Yelp. One of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. Started out with a fresh warm homemade cinnamon roll. Soo good. Followed it up with the eggs Benedict. Honestly, the best I've ever had. Eggs cooked perfect. The hollandaise sauce was soo good. It almost tasted like there was some kind of cheese in it or something. I was moping it up with my hash browns. The ambiance is very nice. White cottage, green vines feel. Service was excellent. I can't wait to go back.Ǿ
Each of our visits we have had great service and amazing food! The chorizo omelette was so flavorful and made with fresh ingredients. We'll definitely be coming back!Ǿ
The place is quaint and cozy. The food is FANTASTIC! Try the apple pancakes for sure. Staff is friendly and like I said the food is to die for. Next time I need breakfast I'm there.Ǿ
Food is decent.  Service is terrible. U have to ask for water and coffee over and over againǾ
The food was good, but the service was horrible. It took us nearly an hour just to get our food. They brought out the wrong omelet for my wife and instead of apologizing and making a new one, they just scrapped off the green chili and brought it back out. Her dish and her mother's were supposed to have a flour tortilla served with it. They didn't have them when they came out so I brought it to the waitress's attention. She came back out with two white corn tortillas and dropped them on the table. If you know your tortillas you know this is not the tortilla you're supposed to get with the dish. I let her know that and now she admits and apologizes and let us know that they were out of flour tortillas. Just say that in the first place and don't try to serve something else hoping the customer won't notice or care. We were sitting by the kitchen and saw four dishes be sent back. We also picked up on that a young man sitting nearby was the waitress's boyfriend. He was so upset about his wait that he drank his coffee and left because it was taking so long for his food. One of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant. Needless to say, we won't be back. There are plenty of breakfast stops that are much tastier and pride themselves on custom service.Ǿ
Talk about the worst service I've ever received. Sat down and had high hopes from the good reviews  and cute atmosphere  only to be incredibly  disappointed  by the bland over priced food and the inability  to serve us for over 45 minutes. We order a chicken sandwich  and a grilled cheese. Pathetic. Yet everyone  around received  their meals even those who walked in AFTER us. Not even worth it. I don't suggest.Ǿ
This is really a 4.5 review!

Our first time for breakfast here and it was pretty great. Friendly welcome, fast friendly service. Food was just right, way above the quality offered at your average chain like Dennys etc. 

My only gripe was the hash browns weren't quite as cooked as I would have liked but that's really a small complaint. 

Great breakfast spot ... We will be back!Ǿ
The food is really good here and the prices are decent HOWEVER, every single time I've come here (three times) the service is crappy. For example: you get to the front of the restaurant and there's a sign in sheet. Signed in, nobody comes out for 3-4 minutes. Two other groups sign in and have a seat. The hostess comes out and immediately begins the process of seating the couple sitting next to the sign in sheet which she didn't even consider looking at! Luckily they told her they weren't first. We get seated, order, food comes out and then we're ignored. I ran out of every beverage. Waitress said she was going to come back....nope. Another gal was walking around filling up cups-every table but ours! At this point I'm starting to take it personal. The family that sat behind us were clearly friends of the manager because they had top notch service. Someone was there constantly asking if they were okay. So f you Gilbert house. You're a Regina George and I now feel personally victimizedǾ
My wife and I ate here for breakfast with my sister-in-law and brother-in-law before the BIL shipped out for two years.

Overall we had a good experience.  The ingredients were all very fresh and the environment was warm.  The corned beef hash was very good and the quiche was very fluffy.Ǿ
I wish I could give a million stars!

This is my favorite breakfast spot in the world.  I live in Los Angeles but every time I'm in the phoenix area I eat here every day.  The Green Chile Omelet is my favorite!  Really cute, historic setting.  The wait staff could not be sweeter.  LOVE this place!!!!Ǿ
It is located in a cute house.  Because of this seating is limited and there may be a wait.  The food is delicious and the portions are large.  Still the best omelet I have ever had.Ǿ
One of my favorite spots for a relaxed, quiet and DELISH breakfast. Coffee is outstanding, staff are cheerful and on point, and the food made me want to come back the very next day. Seriously, healthy and hearty breakfast options, my kinda place!Ǿ
LOOOOVE cozy breakfast spots that make you feel like you're eating in your grandmother's kitchen. 
THIS is one of those!
Such a quaint little place, with great outdoor and indoor seating. 
Showed up with my son on a whim for a Saturday breakfast. Was seated right away. It did start to get busy about an hour after we got there... I could see it getting packed. 
I had the eggs benidict, which is my first order from any new breakfast restaurant. 
This was perfect. 
Not almost perfect, like most places who forget to cook the center of the eggs. 
But PERFECT perfect. 
Like I scrapped the plate with my fingers until all traces of said breakfast were gone. 
My son made up his own menu item, and they went happily along with it and brought him chocolate chip pancakes that were not on the menu. 
Needless to say, we were both extremely pleased. 
Aside from the awesome food, the people were so nice!
We were sitting near the kitchen, and everyone that passed us said hi. 
We will be coming here quite often!Ǿ
We tried this place for the first time on a Sunday and didn't have to wait too long for a table.  The restaurant is a small and cute farmhouse.  We tried the green chile omelet with chorizo and the daily quiche.  Both were great but the best thing was the caramel roll. Overall, food and service was pretty good and will add on to the list of many breakfast/brunch options in Gilbert.Ǿ
Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C.  I love the building and the grounds, the building was just like being in someone's house.  The staff was friendly and service was excellent.  But the food?  Not so much.  

I had a Cobb salad; the field greens did not seem all that fresh, some pieces were soggy and looked old.  Instead of being topped with fresh chicken, there were cut of pieces of deli turkey, you know the chopped pressed and formed deli turkey.  The balsamic dressing was very good.  For $9.25 for a salad I was expecting so much better.

What I did love was the bread pudding.  Caramel sauce, apples and topped with real whipped cream, but at $5.50 just a little on the pricey side even for the very large portion.  

I might stop in again if I was in the area for bread pudding and coffee, but nothing seemed interesting enough for a return visit.Ǿ
Amazing breakfast.  Eggs Benedict was perfect and the hashbrowns were so good.  I prefer mine soft with a stick of butter so they were a 10 . If you're in the area, stop by and try it!Ǿ
Good breakfast and service the coffee was so good neat little home turned breakfast placeǾ
I enjoyed a wonderful breakfast this morning. I had a the quiche, it came with a spinach fruit salad and cinnamon muffin. It was great. My husband had the buffalo scramble and a Bloody Mary. He excluded cheese and added salsa. He really enjoyed his dish. Our daughter had the kid's breakfast. We have been to MANY Gilbert breakfast places and this is now a favorite - we will definitely go back.Ǿ
Terrible, terrible, terrible. The owner is a not very friendly and seems upset at the world. Sent the food back due to a hair. Within 30 seconds, the same plate with the same exact food (could tell because the cut in the food from our knife) was brought back out, minus the hair.Ǿ
Food is excellent. 
However, if your a vegetarian things are challenging.  I had to send my food back twice due to bacon the first time and the second time corn beef and sausage in my hash browns.  I finally gave up. My husband, a meat eater, also had meat in his hash browns...which he did not mind at all.

Owner says the grill is small and things can get mixed together.  Not a big deal unless you have issues with certain foods.Ǿ
Actually our  visit was a few weeks ago but I feel that I needed to write about our visit at the The Gilbert House. First of all the service was terrible, they only had  2 customers inside and took a while to even take our drink order,  We decided to sit inside since there seemed to be a lot of flies which is understandable it is farm country. They left the door open since the weather was nice but of course the flies were now inside. As we sat there to eat  I witnessed the older lady ( I say older since the hostess and waitress's were young) possibly the manager used a menu to swat and kill a fly she turned around and seen me looking at her, instead of taking the menu to clean it off she placed it back with the other  menus. First of all keep the doors closed since you know flies are heavy outside and 2nd of all HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF A FLY SWATTER. So it makes me wonder how many flies have been killed with their menus.Ǿ
I have been coming here for several years and have never found a "bad day" for them.  Their food and service are consistantly great!Ǿ
Staff were really nice but service was mediocre. Food's flavor wasn't terribly tempting. House is really cute but set up doesn't flow well.Ǿ
We first found The Gilbert House when we were bought a house in Farmhouse Meadows. We come almost every Sunday. It's got a great menu, it's close and convenient. I am a huge fan of the Apple pancakes. If you haven't tried the Banana Walnut pancakes you are missing out. You can't go to too many places where you see the owner working the floor and stopping to chat. Don't come if you are expecting chain food or a menu from iHop. I look forward to stopping in for lunch.Ǿ
Weather today was perfect to enjoy the Gilbert House patio for breakfast.  

I had classic breakfast eggs over easy, hash browns, and ham.  My mom had quiche breakfast with baby greens, fruit, and a muffin.  Everything was excellently prepared and presented.  Our server was very attentive.  Food came very quickly.  Coffee was always being topped off.  We just moved to Gilbert, and i am always looking for a solid breakfast spot, and this would be it!  We will be back.Ǿ
MeThinks not ANYMORE..

I frequent this place even though I have to drive from 10m away for take-out breakfast, pancakes for my kids and my wife since they really like them. However, the take-out service has been lacking details... it's pretty basic on what pancakes should go with - butter and syrup.. and on almost every instance I go, there's something missing... Most often the butter is missing... LIKE today again... and it's not like I didn't ask to remind them  - which I always do... Last week, we were missing the butter... This week we're missing the d*mn butter again... and I even asked the guy that gave me the order if there were pancakes and he said that he had put them in the bag.... 



I reluctanctly called to talk to the manager.. I mean it's just butter but it's a pretty basic thing to do to make sure that they get a pretty simple order correctly - plus this wasn't even the first, second or third time... My intent was to talk to the manager so she can remind her staff to pay attention to the basics... I was put on hold and after a few minutes was told that the manager will not talk to me because she's out on the patio area because they were busy... I was just there and there were maybe 2 tables with customers in the patio and a few inside so they really aren't that busy... Not like I was asked to hold a little longer but was just basically told she won't come - mind you I've seen the manager sitting down and chatting away on customer's table before... I always think that customer satisfaction is the basic goal for any business - most especially service oriented businesses... 

Attention to basics please.... There are other options and I will be exploring them..
OVER EASY
FARMHOUSE
IHOP

The asked if I wanted to leave a mesage.. I guess I do.Ǿ
The apple pancakes were delicious, and I liked the option to add eggs and bacon (eating a plate full of sweetness just doesn't do it for me- I need a balance). My friend's french toast was fine, not great, I would definitely opt for the pancakes. 
I will go back for the pancakes and for lunch, as I have heard good things about their lunch menu.
Oh, and it is busy on weekends!Ǿ
Delicious made from scratch. I've been coming here for awhile now and I'm never disappointed. Corned beef hash is from scratch not that canned stuff. Chunks of corned beef. Yummy! Pancake with bacon cooked in the batter. Heaven! They even bake their own cinnamon rolls, caramel rolls & muffins.Ǿ
Amazing little restaurant.  Great service and friendly staff.   Food was delicious and tasty.  Must try the bacon pancakes.Ǿ
Great tiny restaurant for breakfast. Love supporting local businesses, especially when they are great. The food and service was excellent. Will definitely be back!Ǿ
They were friendly and welcoming.  The food was friendly and it was a charming place to eat.  Their only drawback was they couldn't break a $20 for a $14 order.Ǿ
Very cute locale and pleasant waitresses.   Food was mediocre.Ǿ
We used to go to Hen house, but this is our new fav breakfast place in Gilbert.  Small farm house that has great food and a great atmosphere.  Make sure you try their bacon pancakes with homemade syrup.  And the green chili star is really good - I will definitely be back!Ǿ
I'm pretty sure this used to be the original location of what is now The Farmhouse (next to Liberty Market).  I recall there being some legal name disputes a few years back.  Anyway...

Being a Farmhouse fan, my wife and I went to The Gilbert House based on Yelp reviews and decided to try it out.  

It is true about the wait, but it seemed to have moved fast.  We went on a rainy day so there was less people, but we waited about 7-10 minutes.  It's a tiny place...no big groups.

For the food...
The reviews said corned beef hash was good and I'm a huge fan of that so I ordered that.  Sadly I CANNOT agree with the reviewer.  This was basic as it gets.  Dare I say it was canned corned beef hash...it wasn't great.  The whole wheat toast was good with my order but everything else tasted pretty average that something like Denny's would serve.  For me, this was 2 stars at best...with the toast being the only good part.

My wife saw on the menu the apple pancakes with the 'you must try' -- heck if it says that then it better be good.  This was not disappointing.  This item actually should be featured higher up on their menu.  I wish I could consult with restaurants on how to design a menu.  Had she not decided she wanted pancakes she would have not looked in that area of the menu and not ordered these.  They were great.  The 'syrup' (which is like a cider applesauce-ish thing) could have been toned down a bit, but the cakes were good portion and with no butter or regular syrup there was not a problem with fluffyness, texture or taste.  These were great and if I go back I'll get these.  This dish was 4 stars.

Overall, a quaint place for breakfast (lunch menu looked average).  
Food: 3 stars
Service: 4+ stars

I would say not great for small kids because it is pretty tight quarters.Ǿ
Six of us stopped into this cute Sears' Craftsman house in old town Gilbert for breakfast.  We got seated immediately on the shady patio and our friendly waiter brought my grandson chocolate milk with whipped cream which made him very happy.  The menu is terrific - lots of choices, but I had the corned beef hash with two poached eggs and sourdough toast, which was a great choice for $9.50.  The corned beef was fresh, mixed with shredded hash browns.  I totally enjoyed it.  One son had a big salad topped with steak slices, medium rare and balsamic which he enjoyed.  My other son raved about the chorizo omelet, which was served with a fresh tortilla (he said the tortilla tasted handmade) - he scooped the eggs up like tacos.  My sisters both had the quiche of the day (I think it was sundried tomato and spinach) served with biscuits and jam and some fresh fruit - score.  My grandson was able to order Mac and cheese - definitely made from scratch and generously portioned.  Great breakfast, excellent prices, selection, and service - highly recommend.Ǿ
The Gilbert House is my absolute favorite breakfast place in Gilbert.  Susan's Apple Pancakes are to die for, and I usually struggle between getting that or the Buffalo Scramble.  Everything tastes like it was made in mom's kitchen (or better if you had my mom!)  The service is great.  The people are so friendly.  Nothing like a leisurely breakfast (or lunch) on the patio on a beautiful day.Ǿ
Loved the food. Fresh quiche, salad, fruit and muffin. Will go back for sure. Friendly staff and great outdoor seating.Ǿ
I've really tried to like the Gilbert House. Been there several times; unfortunately, I've always left underwhelmed. The coffee isn't very good. The dishes are unique, but lack taste. I ordered a spinach and goat cheese quiche last Sunday. The quiche was cool (expected it to be a bit warmer) and only had a hint of spinach. Not what I expected.  Prices are ok, but there are so many good independent restaurants in the area, that there is just no good excuse for bad foodǾ
Favorite breakfast spot in Gilbert!  Nestled in a cute old home in Gilbert- feels very cozy and a nice option to eat on their patio too.  The apple pancakes are seriously to die for and reason enough to come here.  The wait is not usually too bad for a smaller place on the weekend.Ǿ
Drove far to get here & excited to try for first time. Sign on door says closed till July 14th. No indication on website of planned closure. Too bad, we were looking forward to green chili omelette and apple pancakesǾ
I liked this place.  Probably best during the less hot months as most of the seating is outside.  Inside the house is a bit cramped, but the history makes it worthwhile.  The food was good.  I had the corned beef hash which was very good.  The pancakes were pretty good too and everyone at our table enjoyed their food.  Albeit there was nothing on the menu that I'm going to be like, "I HAVE to go back and have that again," everything was well prepared and tasty with a pleasant staff.Ǿ
i love this place!
the green burrito was amazing!
it was so good that i forgot to take a picture!  hubby had eggs benedict....the poached eggs were perfect!   the whole meal was awesome!  and desert...you just got to try the strawberry rhubarb pie~!   omg~!   soooooo yummy!    ;)Ǿ
I enjoyed the grilled cheese and fries.  One can of coke is $1.50 no refills.

Cute restaurant in a house.Ǿ
This place has gone downhill on rollerblades. I used to eat here all the time and loved it. The service was never great. Today I ordered a coffee it came out covered in pink glittery lipstick. I told the waiter he took it away without apologizing. He brought it back in the same cup with one side wiped off there was still the same lipstick on the top and other side. I told the manager she also never apologized and I finally got a clean cup. My cinnamon roll came out ice cold so I had them heat it up. It came back with a black hair on it (not mine). I told the manager, no apology of course, she laughed and took it away. Yes, she laughed. None of us got any refills. What attitudes, like its your fault for getting dirty food. Bad service I can tolerate if the food is good, filth I absolutely won't. I used to bring all my friends here but this is last time I return. I'd have to be crazy to come back for cold, overpriced, dirty food served to me with a too bad attitude.Ǿ
Solid breakfast spot in downtown Gilbert. Blink, and you will miss this spot. Customer service was through the roof awesome! My coffee was not empty once. It was never even less the 3/4 full for that matter. The food was great too! I tried a little of everything. Bacon was crispy, but not burnt. The quality of meat was nice too! Not a ton of fat. Biscuits and gravy were nice. The pancakes were on point too. Fluffy, and the right texture. Go for the whiskey maple syrup. Perfect accent to the breakfast. All around, it was a great experience. I will be back for sure!!Ǿ
For breakfast this is the real deal. From the building (renovated farmhouse) to the great food and just right service.Ǿ
Waited 25 min for food.  Not that crowded today.  Food was cold.  Portions were small.  If you order sweet potato fries, they spread them out over a small plate.  Poor presentation. Food was ok, not bad, not great.  Felt like I needed to order more after I finished, but didn't want to wait 25 min again.Ǿ
What a great spot.  Super cute and intimate,  awesome patio.  The food is well made,  generous portions,  and reasonably priced.  A little bit of a wait on Saturday morning but that's to be expected of course.  Come here for brunch with the family and support a great local business.Ǿ
I am definitely a fan. Unfortunately I no longer hail in Gilbert, but this is an outstanding treat tucked in old-town Gilbert. I've been a couple times and the traditional breakfast options along with different mixes make this spot a must-go if you are in the area...

~Fud/Drinks~
This small house packs in large crowds, especially on the weekends. Why? Because of the food. They do not have amazingly complex dishes, but the dishes each pop with flavor in your mouth. I am an egg whites kinda guy, and their egg-white omelets lack 0 flavor. If you enjoy breakfast they will be able to serve your hunger pangs. The variety of options is just perfect and allows someone to sit down and pick and choose on each visit. The site has all the traditional fresh juices and the coffee is crisp. Everything simply tastes fresh and cooked to order. There are no bland or run-of-the-mill flavors come out of the kitchen. 

~Atmosphere/Service~
This is where they run away with the rating stars. The charming farmhouse you sit in is quaint and is almost too perfect of a setting..if that's possible. You feel right at home sitting with your family around the table, despite cramped quarters. Yes the seating is tight, but that's part of the ambiance, is it not? It's not cramped to the point of suffocation, lets just leave it at that. The servers are attentive and keep up with your table. When it gets busier, of course they come less, but that's expected at a popular breakfast spot. The owner seems to always be there, helping her staff. She also walks around and helps out with the food service as well, adding to the ambiance and knowledge of the menu. It's nice knowing that she is this involved with her restaurant.

~Extras/Rating~
Being that it is a smaller capacity spot, its almost a shoe-in that you will need to put yourself on a wait list if you do not come a bit early. On weekends during peak hours mid-morning, I would suggest coming at least 20+ minutes prior to when you want to be seated. Otherwise, you might get disappointed with having to wait so long. Also, remember, during the summer you might want to come earlier in the morning to eat. Being a older facility there is not much solace in the heat on their outside porch, minus the breeze. Old town Gilbert is getting constantly renovated, its a fun spot to go to and explore on a weekend. This is a great starting point for a family weekend day. Lastly, do try the cinnamon roll if you enjoy desserts. It is absolutely scrumptious and delightful. It blows other rolls out of the water! ENJOY!Ǿ
Been eating Sunday breakfasts with my coworker lately and I felt like something different and non franchised (Golden Corral). I was instantly sold reading their menu and seeing other people's pictures of cinnamon rolls. Breakfast didn't disappoint; I ordered a cinnamon roll with which I paired the homemade corned beef hash. Very tasty, I will be back just for it alone. A very quaint, grandma's kitchen feel to the place but everything we ate was good and hearty.Ǿ
Quaint restaurant in an old home. Great food, large portions, fast service! Only downside, the patio needs a sweep up. All the chairs had spider webs and such under them. I'm not sure why the complains about service, our waitress was nice, short and sweet. She did not dilly dally like at most places you may go. Good place.Ǿ
Come here often! We have been having breakfast and lunch here for years. Susan has done a marvelous job, customer service is great, the apple pancakes are out of this world! Good place for a buffalo burger too.Ǿ
We decide to try some place new at 10:30 on a Sunday and were pleased to get a seat right away. Service was speedy and produced a nice cup of coffee and a refreshing mimosa. We decided on a veggie omelet and the 2egg breakfast with bacon. Food came quickly and looked appetizing and the toast was fabulous. The hash browns were cooked well but very bland, not seasoned at all. Overall food was good but not seasoned, and the omelet was a bit dense. Service was fine until it came to pay the bill and that transaction took quite a long time. I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here but I wouldn't object to it either.Ǿ
First off, it's tiny, so if you're there on a weekend morning be prepared to wait a little. I've never personally waited more than 10 minutes, but as I've been at my meal I've seen people wait longer. The apple pancakes..... Those alone are worth going to this place. Everything I've tried there has been great, along with the service. It also helps that it's like 5 minutes from my house. :)Ǿ
My family and I came here recently for brunch. We were seated in the house- table was cramped for 5. The room also echoed everyone's conversation so we could hear everyone talk and the guy coughing behind us all meal was extra loud. 

Our waitress was nice- we were told the cinnamon rolls are the best so we ordered one. It was good and had a lot of spicy flavor but we weren't given knives so it was really hard to cut. We ordered- I got an omelet and everything just tasted OK. My husband was surprised at how small his portion was and actually left hungry. 

I think this is a neat place and not your average breakfast/lunch spot. However, I wouldn't recommend coming in big groups or expect large portions.Ǿ
Ate there for the first time in Valentine's Day. All four in our party had something different and all of it was very good. We will be going back soon. Only negative is that there isn't much room, however, this should be expected in a restaurant located in an old house.Ǿ
Worst breakfast experience.  Service was bad, toast was moldy (they didn't even discount meal) and $1.20 up charge to add a few ice cubes to coffee. Would have given it no stars if it would have let me!Ǿ
Great cinnamon rolls,  coffee and green Chile omelet. service is friendly and quick. The restaurant is quaint and just what they call it, The Gilbert House. It's a 50s style home converted to a very nice local restaurant.Ǿ
I eat breakfast here as often as possible. Great homemade breakfasts. Try the cinnamon rolesǾ
Way over rated!  We had high expectations because of so many good reviews. Our breakfast was $40 for two of us to have breakfast and mimosas. Food was cold when it came out and it took 30 minutes to get a scramble and an omelette. The mimosas where $6 for a bad oj and flat champagne. Service was even worse than the food. Our waitress was kinda rude and seemed to have forgot we where there even though she had to walk by our table every time she went into the kitchen. My  husband ordered a muffin and for $1.99 he got a mini muffin that was just a mix with a crumble on top. I won't ever go back.Ǿ
Server was a bit slow at first and didn't seem like he and the hostess communicated as to who was taking drink orders but other than that the food was delicious. 

Place was packed on the inside so we sat outside to eat. Was nice and quiet outside. Arrived at 9am on a Saturday morning and seemed to be a good time to arrive. Not a long wait at that time.Ǿ
what a homey little place, so authentic, personal.  Servers were so cute and sweet/attentive.  Felt like I was home for the weekend and Mom was making me brunch and wanted everything to be perfect.  No place to rush in and rush out.  No slop and serve going on here.Ǿ
Cozy homemade breakfast spot! This place is a hidden gem, everything is so yummy and fresh. I am a native to South Dakota and it helps that the owner is also from SD so her recipes are things I grew up with.  Try the caramel rolls - they are to die for!!!

Not a place for large groups as it is an old converted farm house so seating can be tight. Otherwise go with your family for breakfast or lunch and take in the rustic charm and great food!Ǿ
Wow first time here. Great food. The cute house is the perfect ambience for a relaxing breakfast.Ǿ
We drove 45 minutes to get here. Having to drive a while to have a good meal is nothing to me. This is a house turned into a restaurant, so there is an intimacy built in since they kept the walls up. So each area is made up of a few tables. There is also a very nice patio, but since we were in triple digits I ate inside despite the misters. We were greeted immediately with a friendly welcome and sat promptly. This place had a steady flow of people. They are famous for their cinnamon and pecan rolls, but we got there to late and they were already out. My wife had the bacon pancakes which are  awesome, I had a buffalo meat scramble which was also great. Quirky place, friendly service, great food, drop the mike. Go try this place out.Ǿ
This place is absolutely adorable. It has an old-fashioned feel to it. The place was packed. My bf and I had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, and awhile for our food. Luckily it was a nice day outside because the wait to even get a table is outside. The service was pretty good. Everyone was really nice. I just wish the wait wasn't so long. I would recommend this place if you don't mind waiting for some good food.