Great food and awesome patio. Would definitely recommend. Mac and cheese was delicious as was everything else we ordered.Ǿ
I liked this place. I stumbled upon it on my way through Roncesvalles. 

The service was very friendly. She was funny and entertaining. 

The wine was pretty good. Not amazing but good enough for a sorta casual place. 

I really liked the large open window and communal table. I was sitting there with the window open, the whole table to myself, while watching the rain and people walk by. It was nice and calming. I liked it because it wasn't crazy, it was nice and chill. 

I would go back for that lamb burger and red wine for sure.Ǿ
Walked in for a couple drinks with friends. Seemed like a few tables open, we were only ones waiting to be seated. Nobody approached us about a seat, so we asked one of the ladies at the prep station. Response "We're really busy right now. We're not seating anyone at the moment." 

OK not returning to this pretentious spot.Ǿ
What a gorgeous back patio at The Workshop. I really felt like I was miles from the city. Very quaint and romantic. 

I was here with a large group for a friend's birthday back in September. I had some delicious red wine and nibbled on the charcuterie from the table. The meat and cheese boards are presented beautifully on a wood plank and I really loved the fruit and nut garnishes to compliment. 

I think this would be an ideal summer date spot, putting this on the list for 2015!Ǿ
The patio is the place to be. Hidden away from the glaring heat and dusty streetcars, Workshop offers shelter from the rush of Roncensvilles. 

The meat and cheese board was the good. Nice wine list. 

$50 with tax and tip for two.Ǿ
Some great value entrees, including an $9 lamb burger which is quite good. Cheese plates are interesting and the back patio was very peaceful. Service was not terribly friendly and slow for a relatively empty restaurant.Ǿ
This place was weird. Food was pretty good, but everything else that was super weird kind of ruined the food aspect. They don't have cocktails! They have "vodka, if you want that with cranberry or water". WEIRD, esp cause they have a small wine list so it's not like they are trying to be a wine bar or whatever. One bathroom for the whole place that's on the main floor, double weird. Their menu doesn't have descriptions of anything so it's constant question-asking the whole night...which is annoying. Three random people serving our table all night with no explanation/introduction- weird. When we got the food, it was mostly good, but nothing so great that I would come back, mostly because of all the other weird things. I don't know...we were kind of laughing in between everything because it was all strange then left feeling like...why did we go there? IǾ
This place has a nice backyard patio.  Food was good, but the service isn't the best. I had the turkey panini.  The basil mayo was a nice compliment, but the panini itself was regular fare.Ǿ
Very nice restaurant here on roncesvales  strip. We were lucky to get a lovely large wooden table by window. The kitchen is an open concept were you can see the chefs cooking which is fun. Service is quick and friendly. Food is delicious, I recommend the pulled pork sandwich which was very moist.Ǿ
I've walked by this place so many times in the last year and was never that interested for some reason. Yesterday, we had a last minute group of 6 on a Saturday and decided to try this place - they had room on their patio. Gorgeous patio, quaint tables with lights strung around the trees that gave the place a really intimate feel! Food was well priced & sizeable portions. Had the charcuterie plate and the lamb burger - excellent choices. Great, attentive service. I will definitely be back!Ǿ
We came with a groupon coupon and it was an enjoyable experience. The waitress was kind and helpful. The wine list was varied and unintimidating. We got a charcuterie and three cheeses, along with two desserts and glasses of wine. This way you can mix and match pairings, which was the most fun of the experience.Ǿ
Watching a staff member eat bits and pieces while preparing a tables charcuterie is gross. Service was sub par. Ambience 5/10.

Staff seemed to want us out immediately at 9:59pm, so they could cook some food for themselves and relax. The last 30 minutes of our evening were spent listening to the clanging of dishes, loudly, in the staffs effort to be done work as soon as 10pm hit. And the "charcuterie' chef preparing himself a meal right in front of us. I guess his nibbles from the earlier charcuterie board were not enough. 

Also, we had to say 'Thank you' and acknowledge them, when leaving. Otherwise they'd have not said a work. And yes, we still tipped 20%Ǿ
When Workshop opened up on Roncesvalles, I was pretty excited. The street has been undergoing a pretty rapid change over the past few months and this restaurant seemed to have a fresher look than its previous occupant, Fat Cat Wine Bar. My family was in town and we wanted to grab a light dinner on a Saturday night. After checking out the local standbys (The Ace, Barque, etc.) we decided on here because the restaurant seemed quiet and had plenty of available tables. 

Immediately after sitting down, the waitress mentioned that the owners of Fat Cat still owned this spot which I was less than enthused about.  (That's another review though...) The second thing she mentioned was that the food was all "shareable" tapas food. Nowhere on the menu was this mentioned. I HATE when restaurants do this! It might not have been a huge deal except the food itself is not exactly made for sharing. The lamb burger was delicious but stacked way too tall for three people to properly split it without making a mess. The potatoes we ordered were pretty dull and the panini was tiny after being split up.

Not ready to pass final judgment, we order some charcuterie. There's no description on the menu but the waitress promised us a selection of fine cheese and meat. When the food arrived, we received no explanation on what any of the meat or cheese was and there was no bread/crostini to be found. We asked for some bread and were told we could purchase baguette for an additional cost. After an uncomfortable silence, we asked for some crostini and received 4 small pieces for our table of 3.  

Overall, I'd say this is a restaurant to skip. The food isn't bad but it's definitely not "easily shareable" or well-priced for what you get. The service was hit and miss, very friendly at first but less interested after we chose to not order more to drink than a single glass of wine. My main problem with the restaurant was that they didn't advertise as tapas - nowhere outside, on the menu or their website. Super irritating.Ǿ
Absolutely no complaints about the service. Our server was pleasant, well-informed and efficient. 

The cheese plate was presented nicely and with pleasing accompaniments;  crostini bread, figs and almonds.

Wine choices were varied, unintimidating and priced reasonably. 

The patio continues to be one of the nicest things about the space, although the interior is still a good mix of urban edge and neighbourhood comfort.

Our salad and dinner entrees were pretty blah. I remember the Fat Cat wine bar as putting more effort into flavors and presentation.  In contrast,  the workshop is putting all their eggs in baskets of cheese and wine. 

My heavily cheesed lamb burger made me nostalgic for the now disappeared Blue Plate. They had so many good meals...

Back to the Workshop. Possibly a good place to stop on the way to dinner somewhere else.Ǿ
Great little location with a "secret garden" in the back used as a patio.. what I'm disappointed with right off the back is that fact that my ceasar doesn't come with anything! Where is my bean???????

For all you cheese lovers, this is the place! It is a tapas style bar so the prices are lower but the portions are small.. 

I'm still sad over my lack of bean. But anyways...

Had the charcuterie plate - it was good but I would definitely pair the charcuterie plate with a super duper cheese plate. Those two combined could easily feed 4. It's a lot of extra food, from green grapes, crostini and sauces. The one thing I didn't like was that you had to order the baguette because the charcuterie plate only came with 3 crostini chips... like really? It wasn't cheap either.

I also had the salad. The salads are nice, although most of them come with pancetta so you can't go wrong! Many of my fellow table goers enjoyed the lamb burger and the meatballs. If you do get the meatballs, I'd get the sandwich, it looked heartier and more fun.

They also have dessert. They just don't tell you... I'm not sure my wait staff really wanted to be there because it took forever to get anything.Ǿ
This place was surprisingly good. Definitely, better than some other reviews would let on. I've noticed most of the negative reviews indicate the service was bad, but we found it excellent. Our server was also the bartender and although she was minding the bar she always seemed to notice when we needed something.

The food is very good, one of the better charcuterie plates in Toronto. The cheese was excellent, we had a creamy soft cheese that was exquisite. We also ordered a french onion soup, the piri-piri shrimp, and the mac n' cheese. The french onion soup and the shrimp were very impressive. The mac was decent but not mind-blowing. Wine selection was decent and not too expensive.

We didn't get to see the patio since we went in April but the ambience inside was good. We will definitely revisit in the summer to see the patio.Ǿ
Best patio in Roncesvalles, but sadly it consistently has painfully slow service. Go for drinks on the patio in the summer if you can be patient with absentee service.Ǿ
Visited The Workshop on a weeknight evening around 8pm for a birthday party. The restaurant was not busy at all. We had the large table near the back of the restaurant. I loved the decor. The service was okay however the food was lacking. 

I split a caesar salad and had a croque monsier which were very blah. I nibbled on some of the charcuterie plate and warmed olives which were also lackluster. I did try some of the meatballs which were quite good. Overall I was not impressed with the food. I was glad I shared a burrito before.

Additionally, there was only one bathroom for the entire restaurant which makes me not want to come back if the restaurant were full. Also, they kept the back patio door open the entire night which left our table freezing. They also seemed to be a bit limited in their drink selections - no hard liquors except vodka and no espresso - which left some in my party a little disappointed. 

I would maybe return because it's a cool place, but only for drinks.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I love this place. For some reason it's never busy but the patio space is really nice. It feels cut off from the rest of the world. 

Both we loved both of our meals and the wine. 

I've even taken co-workers here and they enjoyed it too. 

I've had nothing but good service.