PASTA CASARECCIA is a real gem of a restaurant.  It is close to my home, and my wife, who grew up in Italy come here often.  The food is jusr like the food we eat in small neighbourhood restaurants when we are in Italy.  The fresh pasta and home-made sauces are fabulous and their lasagna is the best I have ever had - my all-time favourite.
The décor is simple but warm.  Give it a try....you won't be sorry.笑
We were the lucky winners of a supper in a box. (Radio contest)
Well THE LASAGNA (baked for 65 minutes at home)was HEAVENLY,delicate and authentic. YOU CAN'T BEAT THE FRESH pasta!  Green salad as a side and finally Cannolli for dessert - smooth filling (not too sweet) all fresh,  all excellent!笑
Not great service, or prices.  I've eaten there before and was happy with the no frills, decent pasta... But prices have definitely gone up.  We ordered a lunch special to split between a 3yr old and a 5yr old - we were informed that lunch specials can't be split, and we'd have to pay full price.  That wouldn't bother me for adults, but for two kids who are going eat a fraction of the meal, it's just not cool.  With no reasonable options for the kids, we left.  Maybe they're OK with that, but there was only one other table, so I have to wonder...笑
Ambiance: Salumeria style counter service with a small seating area. Tasteful and fun Italian themed interior. 

Service: Attentive, friendly. 

Price: $12 and up 

Food: Assortment of authentic Italian dishes, focus on pasta. The cannelloni marinara was good, the sauce and cannelloni appeared both homemade. The house Rosé refreshing and well chosen. 

Summary: A simple pasta dish together with a house wine and cannoli came to close to $30 for lunch. A diet coke rang up $4 after tax and tip. Ludicrously overpriced. The take out counter should not be avoided, the restaurant on the other hand, can be quietly ignored.笑
Excellent special of the day:  house made Agnolotti filled with Squash in a sage, butter, Parmesan sauce!  Whole wheat penne,  house made, with primavera sauce !  Finished our meal with a homemade tiramisu!  Excellent Service, too!

I try to go to fresh pasta restaurants, and this place is fresh and fantastic!笑
Great pasta!  We first had the meatballs and rice balls as appetizers and everything was very good.  Then we had fresh pasta with pesto, pesto rosso, bolognese and arrabiatta sauces. Everything was delicious.  You could really tell the pasta was fresh.   I love when you can choose the pasta shape and the sauce separately so each combination is possible.  Some pasta shapes were also available in whole wheat versions.   The portions were not too big so you have a good meal but do not feel stuffed at the end.  I highly recommend this place!笑
They have very reliable Italian food, both an épicerie and a small restaurant at lunch. Good home made pasta and marinated vegetables. A large selection of olive oils and vintagers.笑
Best take out lasagna in Montreal -  a huge family favorite笑
I brought my date whom is Italian to this restaurant and it did not disappoint. The waiter was patient and attentive. For starters we got the Arugula mozzarella with ham and it was amazing. The mozzarella is melt in your mouth. I had the fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp and it was probably the best pasta I have ever tasted. My date chose the cannelloni with cheese and tomato sauce. Everything was delicious. We had cannoli for desert and it was excellent. We liked the deli small restaurant vibe and the ambiance. I will be sure to pass by again!笑
Location: NDG, on Sherbrooke West and Draper. Street parking is available on Sherbrooke or on the side streets. 

The space: Half of it is dedicated to their boutique, which sells assorted Italian (and non-Italian) goods, the most important being Nutella of course - straight from Italy. Trust me, it's not the same as the crap we get here. They also have a counter filled with ready-to-go items. The other half of their space is dedicated to the restaurant where there are just a few tables (maybe 10), however they do offer up two terrasses - one on Sherbrooke and one on Draper. Perfect for a summer day.

The food: The menu is fairly varied - you select your pasta and sauce, then you eat your heart out. Now, I should point out that one portion of the menu offers up store bought pasta like ravioli, while the other boasts homemade pasta. The price difference between the two is very minor so ordering the fresh stuff doesn't break the bank. On my end, I had no room for appetizers so I went straight for the Primi - homemade Fettuccine with a Bolognese sauce. I found the pasta to be cooked al dente, exactly the way I like it. I enjoyed the texture and the taste and the only down side was that the pasta was a little sticky. I enjoyed the sauce very much - it wasn't acidic at all (i.e. not too tomatoey), it was meaty enough and it tasted great. Maybe lacking a tiny bit of flavor, but nothing to dissuade me from ordering it again. My date ordered the ravioli with Arrabiata sauce and she enjoyed her meal as well. 

Service: It was OK. Not fantastic, but OK. The wait staff seemed a little indifferent and rushed even though the place wasn't full. That said, they were accommodating when we asked to switch to a table outside. 

If you're looking for a decent Italian meal at affordable prices, check this place out.笑
Went here for another visit on Father's Day and I realized how over-priced this restaurant is. It is waaaaaaay too expensive for what you get. We sat outside and we did not get proper service. Granted, we didn't have the same waiter as we did on our first visit - He was great. This other guy sucked. We were forgotten about after he took our main order. I wanted more water and he never came around so we asked another waiter. We decided not to go back unfortunately.笑
I had a fettuccine in a creamy white wine sauce with mushrooms, peas and BACON. Sinfully rich and filling, this dish should come with either a warning or a pillow, because it was lights out after this plate. Needless to say I went home and didn't get any work done for the rest of the afternoon as I was too busy focused on not getting any pillow creases on my face. Bacon is good for you. Eat more of it.笑
yum!  my parents and i enjoyed some delicious homemade italian fare at pasta casareccia's.  half is a lunch eatery that has a 50's meets 80's kitch interior and half displays all the goodies that you can take home with you.  the specials are listed on a chalkboard near a shiny red vespa that is up for a drawing - all you put is your name and number on the back of your bill to enter.

the spaghetti with meat sauce (i asked for a little bit spicy) was fantastic!  there is nothing like fresh pasta.  the meat ravioli au gratin was also very good.  we finished the meal with the homemade tiramisu which was light, fluffy and creamy with our coffees.

afterwards, we couldn't pass up the chance to buy and take home some meat lasagna and more spaghetti with spicy meat sauce.  after 2 lunches in a row of pasta from this joint - i'm still humming italian tunes.  the lasagna by the way is the best i have ever tasted!笑
I wanted to come here on a Sunday since it's my only day off. Unfortunately I didn't find out until later that day that they are actually closed on Sundays . So I went the next day, I was really craving pasta and I've heard good things about this place. 

The employees were very welcoming and nice. Our seats were facing the window and the street of Sherbrooke. They have a little boutique inside that sells Italian goods. 

For starters, we ordered suppli do riso(risotto balls with mozzarella and tomato sauce $8). These were delicious, the mozzarella was perfectly melted and the tomato sauce completed the dish. For our main dishes, my boyfriend ordered the spek(ham) and porcini fettucine ($22) and I ordered the gnocchi with the Norcina sauce (black truffle, sausage, white wine, cream $23). I tried both hehe. I thought the spek and porcini sauce was alright, nothing special. I liked my dish better, the Norcina sauce was very mouthwatering and delightful! Both dishes were very heavy and we were not able to finish them. The waiter nicely packed them for us. For dessert, we had the tiramisu which cost $7. The tiramisu was decent, not too sweet. Overall our bill came up to $80 with the tip and the taxes. 

To conclude, price-wise I think it's a little overpriced. The food is good but I wasn't amazed. The service on the other hand was on point, our waiter was very attentive and fast. Would I go back ? Maybe if I was around the area.笑
I really liked this place like 10 years ago: the portions were just right, so was the price ($8.95 for 4 cheese cannelloni with your choice of sauce, unlimited bread, etc).  Service was excellent and attentive and the place was full!

I recently returned and the prices jumped so dramatically: same cannelloni above is now in the $13 range!  I was embarrassed: my guest and I had our meals come close to $50 with a tepid warm coffee and a shared piece of cake.  We were only among one other couple on a Friday night.

To top it off, the arabiatta sauce was not at all spicy like it used to be, and the cannelloni were not stuffed with cheese, only filled *ever so slightly* to say it was not just plain pasta and sauce.

To the management of Pasta Casareccia: Return to the previous price point (or just slightly above considering inflation is like 3%), portion sizes (including filling the cheese cannelloni) and you will have a return customer, and a filled restaurant.

I am not sure how this restaurant stays in business: it is never full, regardless of the day and time I have passed by!