It's cheap, quick and convenient if you're having the late night munchies after hours of binge drinking. Went here a few times and thought this place was the bomb, but went back once when I was sober and noticed that the food was actually pretty plain and greasy, not to mention the meat is mostly fat and everything has an onion flavor to it. 
But four stars to this place for curing my midnight food rages and for having some sick ass churros.Ǿ
Felipito's I write this with a heavy heart. For we had many good meals together. Lately though, you have not had your heart in it. My food has not been what I ordered, or if it was almost right, you still managed to mess it up.

It would appear there were some serious changes with how this place was run in the last year or so. My last few visits left me with many-a-wrong orders and disappointing food.

Last night was the last time I will order anything but rolled tacos from you. The 'cheese enchiladas' were nothing more than shredded cheese wrapped in a tortilla with some red sauce poured on top, hidden beneath a salad worth of shredded lettuce. When I order an enchilada, i do expect the cheese to be melted. Call me crazy, I just do.

The crunchy chicken taco that used to be the subject of many cravings has been ripped away from me as well. The shells used now seem like they come from a box and by the time I could make it home, just a short drive up Tropicana, the taco that was already broke was so soggy it just disintegrated as soon as I attempted to pick it up. My heart was so broken, I could not bear to put Humpty back together, just to consume that broken mess.

If you can get the good food back that I grew to love from your drive through, I would love to eat there again. Until then, looks like I am back on the market. Any taco shops that have a delicious crunchy taco and enchiladas with melted cheese, hit me up, I'm available.Ǿ
24 hr magic land.

order the CHINA BURRITO with cheese... heaven. Fast service and it's so damn cheap!!!!!Ǿ
I wasn't sure whether to give this place a 3 or a 4, but went with the 4 because there weren't any negatives strong enough to offset the positives.  I had the chile relleno plate, and the chiles rellenos themselves are worthy of a full 5--the batter was light, the chiles were pasillas (not ortegas), the pico de gallo on top was beautifully fresh.    What brings the food rating down a bit are the salsa roja, which was quite bland, and the beans (I didn't bother--seldom do--to try the rice) which were also bland and garnished with shreds of mild cheddar cheese instead of tangier grated cotija cheese.  The order came with 4 thick, griddle-browned corn tortillas, which could only have been improved had they been hand-formed and made fresh less than an hour ago.  For machine-made tortillas, they were excellent.  For those of you who are extremely hungry and close to broke, you will appreciate the huge portions and low prices.  The atmosphere and decor are nonesistent; there are a few tables outside, pigeons roaming in search of crumbs and the traffic on Tropicana rushing by.  Felipitos is open 24 hours.

Reduce the rating to a 3 based on my most recent meal--a fish taco was truly uninspiring (but adequate--fresh radishes were a nice touch, but couldn't make up for the tough, coarsely breaded fish and bland sauce), and a quesadilla suffered from too much and the wrong (cheddar--should have been a mix of a mild Mexican cheese like Asadero and something dry and sharp like Cotija) cheese.  The only completely right item was the Jamaica aqua fresca--plenty of flavor, but still refreshing.Ǿ
UPDATE:  Unfortunately I must remove a couple of stars after last night's dinner from Felipito's on Trop. I ordered the Chicken quesadilla again, and although it was still big and chock full of cheese and chicken ... it was surprisingly bland.  Same for the chili relleno chimichanga, which was undercooked and lacking flavor.  Overall, a disappointing dining experience. I will give them another chance some day, but I am in no hurry to return at this point.

UPDATE:  Returned to Felipito's for their carnitas plate and was quite impressed with the quality, although I did find some chunks of fat here and there. Regardless, it lived up to the hype. Felipito's remains my favorite for fast & awesome Mexican food in Las Vegas.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Best chicken quesadilla I have ever had. 
Big. Cheesey. Chickeny.  Mighty fine Mexican grub.
Can't wait to go back and try their famous carnitas!Ǿ
Great prices for the amount of food that you get area is a little sketchy but besides that its a great after hours spot to grab a burrito.Ǿ
awesome find and awesome authentic food.  the breakfast burrito was unreal...tasty not oily. authentic!Ǿ
This place has all the requirements necessary to be your typical drunken food stop. Open 24 hours, 2 drive thrus in which one isn't even used, located in a sketchy area of town, a less than stellar facade, lighted outdoor seating, and a walk-up window. Come to think of it, this reminds of quite a few taquerias in SoCal. 

It's a bit of a drive off the strip. If you're picking up or dropping off someone at the airport, this place is not that far down Tropicana. If you're coming from the eastern part of town and you're on the way to the Strip while craving Mexican food, you may see this and consider stopping. 

I ordered myself a carne asada burrito at midnight, and it was only 4 bucks. Sounds about right. Then, as I was eating it at home, I realized why it was only 4 doll hairs. For one, it did not include rice, beans, and sour cream, which I enjoy in all my burritos. I should have added that on. Damn. The burrito was basically a load of carne asada, onions, cilantro, and guacamole. At least every bite of had chunks of carne asada, but then again the meat was a little chewy and not as tender. The guacamole didn't taste as fresh, and they added a little too much onion. Best be sure your breath will stank after eating this. The tortilla seemed like it was microwaved instead of steamed. The edges were still dry and hard (potential that's what she said?). 

Honestly, its a less than stellar burrito. If I try this while buzzed or drunk, I might say otherwise. I'll give Felipito's props for being open 24 hours and serving carne asada fries. Why I didn't try it instead is beyond me.Ǿ
24hrs with drive through and plenty items on the menu! my boyfriend and I were craving a midnight snack and wanted tacos so we decided to try Felipito's since it was nearby and their tacos are pretty large. We've had better tacos, but for the amount given and the availability late night, it was yum!Ǿ
If its 4am and you're hungry from the nights activities this is the place to go!  I usually have the chille relleno burrito but my friends go after this thing on their menu "adobada".  Right after they order it, you hear them say that word over and over again.Ǿ
Breakfast burrito was OK. Had onions in it, which is not typical. Wasn't a fan. Generous on the ham and eggs, so much so i would have preferred a little more potatoes.

Red salsa they provided had an extra kick and was delicious.Ǿ
I read people's complaints about bland food, and I get it.  You ordered a bean burrito.  It's not a big surprise that you think plain refried beans and handmade tortilla are bland, because, well, those are bland foods.  Try ordering their super nachos next time - a take out box filled to the brim with corn chips, Carne Asada Steak (or shredded beef, or chicken, or whatever you want), smothered in cheese, sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo - and add sauces as you choose. You'll find there's more than enough flavor there.
This place is basically a walk up to order, 24-hour mexican food stand, but it also has a drive through, which is nice for hot/lazy/take home days.  It's labeled as cheap, and it is; so you can't go there expecting to get Michelin star service then rail on it on yelp because it sucked.  That's like going to McDonalds and getting pissed off your food and service wasn't at the same level as Gordon Ramsey's Burgr. If you go there knowing it's kind of a hole in the wall, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find the service and food are above par.  
I live about a block away from this place, and I love it.  It's open 24 hours, so it's great for that 3 am drunk food binge. They always always always load you up with sauces, pickled carrots/peppers, and pico de gallo, and they're always friendly.  The food is freshly made, and there's no extra charge for guacamole on your tacos.  
That's a pretty stellar deal if you ask me.  Hands down, my favorite mexican "fast" food place in vegas.Ǿ
Being from San Diego ever time I get wasted in Vegas or  meet up with friends that have never had Carne Asada Fries or a California Burrito, I take them here to try it. For some reason I don't eat much in Vegas. I just drink or drink and gamble and I guess I just forget. But for some reason when I leave the club wasted late at night, I some how remember and have to go to Felipito's. No matter at what cost.  

Most of the time I take a cab there. One time I made the limo driver go there and pick up some burritos and fries for my friends and I.
Another Time I was to drunk and no cabs would pick me up. So I deiced to walk all the way from MGM. Some how I didn't get jumped or arrested and enjoyed my cali burrito.Ǿ
It's a great spot to come after hours and eat. It's open 24 hours. It was sketchy at first bc of the area, but the food was good and no one bother us. I ordered a ham torta and they used real ham not lunch meat. My BF got a breakfast burrito and has good chucks of bacon, real bacon. The only thing is the dining outside area was messy/dirty, but it is outside, so how much can they do??Ǿ
Something must have gone horribly wrong since this place was last reviewed, because when I came here the quality didn't match up to past reviews. I ordered the two beef burrito combo plate and my boyfriend ordered the two carne asada taco combo plate. My burritos were completely tasteless - the meat had been cooked way too long with far too little spices to the point where I couldn't even taste the meat, only the texture persevered! The vegetables in the burritos were blanched and equally over-cooked, but had more flavor than the meat (which isn't saying much). The beans were okay and the rice was meh. I seriously thought there was something wrong with my tastebuds at first, but I could taste the horchata (which was good) fine and my boyfriend couldn't taste anything in my burrito either. On the bright side, his tacos was alright. 

If you're out late and drunk to the point where it doesn't matter what you're putting in your mouth, by all means come here. The portions are generous and the prices are decent, if only it had the flavor to match. What a pity.Ǿ
Steak nachos are to die for. Love that it's 24 hours. No extra for salsas. I asked for a grip and they gave me lots. I did have to check my food because sometimes they forget to leave out certain sauces I asked not to put on my stuff. But scrumptious place for 24 hr drive thruǾ
Tired of the grub in the casino's , this breakfast burrito hit the spot!Ǿ
24 hr Mexican love it! Fresh horchata and other fresh juices. Food is freshly made too.Ǿ
Went here for the first time today and loved it! The food was delicious and they had great prices. It was much better than any other fast food Mexican place that I've been to. It's not very nice looking or in the best area, but I will definitely be coming here again!Ǿ
I'm not sure what everyone else has eaten at this place, but this is probably the blandest, coldest, tasteless excuse for a burrito I've ever had ANYWHERE.

Went on April 11th, 2015 at 11am, and there were a couple of people ahead.

I liked the fact I sat outside, but the overflowing garbage cans were kind of a turn off.

ONE salsa cup for an entire beef burrito, and I wished I had one for EVERY BITE of the flavorless cardboard-like food I tasted.

I gave up halfway through and tosswed it - sort of - into the overflowing trashcan and left.

Do yourself a favor and AVOID THIS PLACE!!! It sucked, through and through.Ǿ
It's probably not fair to review a place when I am SOOOO steaming mad! Maybe I should wait until I cool off before saying something about them. However, if they deserve the bad review then it's on them.

Allow me to explain:

1. I am allergic to avocado. Plain and simple, I cannot eat them. Obviously this includes Guacamole which is a Mexifood staple. Now that being said, Mexieats are my absolute favorite so I am extremely vigilant when it comes to ordering.

2. I always have a local 24hr Mexigrub place I adopt as a favorite and then I FREQUENT said establishment. I have recently switched jobs (thus location) and have been looking for that place in my new area. My new job is graveyard shift and I only have a very rigid 30 mins for "lunch".

I read the reviews and was willing, even eager, to try out this place in the hopes that it could be my new Mexistation.

So:

03:45 hits and I clock-out and run out the door, hit the ATM and then proceed to Felipito's. I order the special which is 5 Rolled Tacos (Flautas) with all the fixins but I state NO GUAC. I also order the Carne Asada burrito and also voice NO GUAC. I add a large Horchata and proceed to the window. Now the window person is a kid, male, maybe 19yo and speaks excellent English with no discernible accent so I assume that there should be no language barrier which can sometimes be an issue for the allergy concerned. We greet, he takes my money and I then repeat my order to him in an itemized fashion making sure to articulate NO GUACAMOLE after each item. He states, and I quote: "Yes sir, no guacamole". I think "cool, we got this". I wait the 15 minutes (exceedingly long but not abnormal for such places at 04:00 in the morning) and enjoy my Horchata (2 mediums instead of a large but whatever, no biggie). He then brings me my big'ole bag of yummy and hands it through the window at which point I ask again "NO GUACAMOLE?" again he states, "yes sir, no guacamole". I then hurry myself back to work and proceed to the break room to gobble down some Mexilusciousness before returning to my duties. I open the bag, then the box of Flautas and BOOM, a mountain of guac. I'm pissed. I go ahead and open the burrito, unroll it and again a quagmire of guacamole.

Did I have time to return? No. Did I? Your GD right I did!

I was not going to give them the opportunity of redeeming themselves by feeding me nor did I have the time to wait for another round of food. So I got my money back and left. I wanted very badly to give the kid an ear-full. I wanted even more to stuff the guacamole laced bag of death into his smug little pie-hole but I did not. I took my money and with practiced calm, left (my wife would be proud).

There are a couple of morals here but I will just close with one: If an establishment is so uncaring as to hire someone without a bone of concern in their body then they do not deserve anything but my disdain. I strongly encourage any of you reading this to move along to a different option. This place does not deserve your money.

Thank you for hearing me out.Ǿ
I'm so sad to say this because I used to love this place... tonight it was inexcusably terrible!  It was bland, greasy, and not even remotely fresh.  My husband and our roomies food was atrocious too. Its not often they run into something so bad they won't even keep eating it but tonight it all went in the trash. They even scraped the crusty bean corner into my plate, didn't even try to stir it, yuck. Worst carnitas I've ever had, hands down.Ǿ
I never mentioned this but i had gastric bypass surgery 12 years ago and since then i cant order just one thing on any menu i have to order multiple dishes. Its my thing.. I never eat it all but im compulsive and MUST have what i think i want. That being said.... I ordered three things from this restaurant, clearly w the idea that i would give the leftovers to my dieting partner lol... Ahemmn..  Its breakfast time, 7am right now.. So i have here a bacon cheese and potato burrito, a chorizo burrito and huevos rancheros.. Bacon bacon bacon! That first bite was tell all! It told me yassssss bacon lovers! Its all you can taste, thick chewy bacon egg cheese and potato but mostly bacon... Excuse my run on...my partner wont be getting that! Now the chorizo on the other hand.. Im kinda funny where i dont like meat to taste like meat. Soooo to be fair chorizo just may not be my thing. Its too meaty tasting.. I ordered it bc of another yelp review but its not for me.. But it IS big n plenty for u meat mungers! My partner will be getting this one. And for the huevos rancheros...its my first time ever! So i was just looking for it to be breakfasty! It is! It has loads of tomatoes and onions and w a lil salt i added its perfect! The green salsa is SPICY! I love hot stuff but hot w flavor.. This is just HOT... Could use some jujuing.. But all in all the food is delish, service was fast and courteous even though i got the impression my host didnt speak much english. I didnt push BUT what if i had more questions! Anywho thanks for a wonderful breakfast! Now on to my dunkin donuts review! Just sayin!Ǿ
We used to always grab a burrito from here when we would have our tires fixed across the road and I remember the burritos being a lot better. 

Let's start with the fact that it has a drive they but it looks like it's never open. It has outdoor tables that look far from clean and give it a boyz in the hood type of feel. ( if you have seen that movie you know what I'm talking about ). 


My boyfriend always orders the carnitas burrito and adds beans and rice. He likes juicy fatty meat. The meat they gave him tonight was not only dry but tasted like it has been cooked a while ago and reheated. My breakfast burrito was ok. They give bigger pieces of bacon than Roberto's so that's a plus. Also the green sauce is spicy that was the only part that's worth mentioning. I don't think I'll be returning here in the future.Ǿ
Okay, so this was a total hole in the wall, but GREAT carne asada burrito. I would  perhaps have given them 5 stars if the 3 rolled tacos had actually first included the gacmole they were suppose to and the cheese was melted. But the carne asada was very good, almost San Diego-like.  The place put the food together in a heart beat but it was 10:30pm.  

I have to say, this place is in the memory banks...so close to the airport and the strip (if you have a car).  Just do this, order a carne asada burrito and ask for extra gac and if you order the rolled tacos do the 5 with the works.  

Glad I found this on Yelp and for sure 4 stars..oh and this is take-out only, no seating really and not a place you want to hang.Ǿ
Felipito's is a good mexican restaurant, but you must know what to order in order to like it.  It's not the cheapest mexican restaurant in town, but there are certain dishes that make Felipito's one of my favorite mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.  
One of those dishes is their Carnitas Tacos.  The carnitas is the best meat at Felipito's, but is not just typical Carnitas.  The carnitas at Felipito's is big chunks of fried pork with a little bit of fat attached to the pieces to keep them tender.  
I also really like the carne asada quesadilla.  The quesadilla is stuffed with a large amount of cheese and carne asada.  Big portion, and great flavor.  
Another item I really like is their crunchy beef tacos.  The crispiness of the tortilla, and the juiciness of the shredded beef go very well together.  

One of the main reasons I started going to Felipito's is because it is open 24 hours.  While there are many choices for 24 hour food in Vegas, it is the best option on Tropicana late at night for authentic mexican!Ǿ
I am not sure what all the fuss is about.  Mediocre Mexican served out of a run down drive through with some concrete outdoor tables.  Eating out of Styrofoam containers with plastic forks just bugs me in general. How is it that the whole rest of the world finds a way to wash dishes and serve salsa in  squeeze bottles, but American restaurants are intent on filling up the landfill with disposable plates and little salsa cups and crap?  

I ordered the green enchiladas, and  they were way too hot for me. Others complain of bland, but the salsa verde is way hot.  The food was okay, and if you want  a quick cheap dinner, this might be the place.  And if they took a garden hose to the dining area, bought a dishwasher and some plastic plates, and scraped the peeling paint, I might even be charmed into coming back.Ǿ
There is one reason I come here - the carne asada nachos. OMG. They are gigantic and smothered with so much yumminess. The amount you get for the price is practically a steal. When I get a craving for greasy Mexican, this is the place that hits the spot. And they totally let you load up on their different salsas, lime slices, etc. And when you dump all of that on top of the nachos... It's practically heavenly.Ǿ
Looking  for a burrito in Las Vegas? I found this Mexican drive through that is open 24hours when vacationing there. Try the Super burrito with everything or the steak and egg. These people make burritos for people who are hungry. I ordered two and the bag weighed about three pounds. The price is low less than four dollars a burrito and others less then three. Also if you are a seasoned burrito eater you will appreciate that this place can roll a proper burrito that will not fall apart on you. These were tight and stuffed. I had a poor chicken burrito on a subsequent visit but the steak and egg was still awesome. The salsas provided are to be avoided as they are dismal. No chips come with burritos here so if you want them ask.Ǿ
Wow felipitos, I can't believe I'm giving you  2 stars after all we've been through . Seriously , you were one of my favorite places until you tried ripping us off . 

First you make the all day special (5 taquitos with quac, sour cream, cheese, lettuce) 25 cents more expensive AND you give 50 percent LESS meat in it ? I feel like the taquito was vegetarian. Sorry but I like meat in my taquitos. 

And you think we didn't notice ? I see you .  I no longer crave your food anymore and I'm ready to try out the taquitos at Roberto's now. 

I will always remember how I loved the uniqueness of your little shack and the friendliness of your staff , however I get hungry and Id rather go to a place that gives me a decent amount of meat . 

Ta-ta until your taquitos come back .....  :)Ǿ
The food is OKAY. Edible but bland. Not sure I'll be returning. 

The food has potential. They need to definitely bump up the flavors. The hot sauces are watered down so it didn't help with their food.Ǿ
Don't expect a fine dining experience, but for a good taco with a lot of crunch, I really enjoyed my chicken tacos. Hubby had beef tacos. Salsa and chili Verde have a little heat, but they were good. 4 tacos and a bottle of water was $7.60. Nice late lunch, will hold us over til dinner.Ǿ
Best place to grab a quick bite on the go. Food tastes amazing the portions are huge! A+++Ǿ
The Bacon and Potato Breakfast Burrito is spectacular.  That thick bacon is deli-quality.  You rock Felipito's.  Also, thanks for not charging a surcharge for using a debit card (cough, Roberto's)!Ǿ
This place is one of a kind! Yea sure the drive thru takes forever but the price is great and quality is amazing everytime! Very consistent! I alwayyys get a breakfast burrito which is so delish n ginormous!! They have great $1 Tacos on tues..normal price I think is $2 maybe but they are stuffed with lettuce and what seems like extra cheese everytime! The carne asada fries are huge also! You will not go hungary eating here thats for sure! My office is always ordering from there so I know Im not the only one who loves this spot! And 24 hours is great! The lady with the bad experience should give it another shot....I really love the portions here and prices are so low.....U rock Felipito!!!!Ǿ
Garbage, total crap, with absolutely no taste, If you like bland hospital tasting food go here. no seasonings used, taco was so greasey it turned to rubber, couldnt bite nor chew, the taco shell had been rendered like beef jerkey literally. Very stingy with the meat, heavy on the cheap lettuce though. Stay away.  I think some people from California must have started complaining because its all tasteless.   Polite help thoughǾ
My favorite Tacos place. Sure, I visit here so often, sometime everyday lol.  I agree taste is not always the same, varie time by time, day by day, but still My Toco place.  Reasonable price and good portion of food, drive-through available, and 24/7 YAY!  
I love the Carnitas Tacos although sometime not as great as tasty one.  I appreciate the  Tuesday special Tacos though sometime too much (sesami?) oil on it. I also like their breakfast burrito, bacon & potato burrito too. Considering Taste, Price, Location and Time, to me, this is my favorite Tacos place.  Just FYI, I am a sober when eating the Tacos.Ǿ
I have been here twice within the last 8 years. The most recent time my friend wanted to go here so bad, and I couldnt remember whether it was good or not which obviously it didnt make a big impression on me. While driving, I noticed that we passed a lot of little hole in the wall joints I wanted to try. Nevertheless, my friend was stern on going here. 

So we walk up and both place out orders. He orders a bean and cheese, and carne asada nachos, and I ordered the 5 taquitos (or rolled tacos as the menus says). My friend is a die hard Albertos fan, so once we came back here I realized that this place is pretty much that except a tad bit better.

I had one taquito and they hit the trash, wasnt feeling it at all. I actually started to feel bad for the hungry kids of america. So then I started on the nachos which we shared, and  they turned out to be really good. The aroma of the surrounding area smelled disgusting.

This is one of those places you go to after a night of drinking, I wouldnt recommend going in the daytime if you are hungry and want some really good food. When your drunk, this place is probably equivalent to Red Lobster or Claim Jumper.Ǿ
Another Mexican Joint serving the usual affair.. Came here for lunch a few times and realized that there was something unusual about this place in regards to their direct competition such as: Roberto's, Fausto's, Alberto's, Amigos.... 

What makes this place different? Their Carne Asada! It may look like everybody elses but I think their seasoning/marinade has much more flavor and really gets the time for it to penetrate properly. I've tried the Burrito, Tacos and Plate (included rice and beans). All were equally Great!

* I usually add 'green sauce' (from the condiment bar), their version here is even better (not watered down and again much tastier) Also, a little squeeze of lime over the meat, wasn't a bad idea at all! 

On the Go and gotta Mexifood Crave? This place should handle it!Ǿ
I've been comeing to this place for years...and i always get the california carne asada burrito. For me thats the best burrito in las vegas. I have never been dissapointed with it.Ǿ
This tiny scary building is hiding something, kick a** food! Greasy, fast, cheap and flavor to spare. You got to love it. My personal fav. is the Super Nachos!Ǿ
Total drunk food, haha! They have cheap, huge portions available 24 hours, which is awesome, and I urge the drunkies to go. Unfortunately, if you haven't been knocking a few back, this is not a place I would recommend. (Make that quite a few!) From the meat, cheese, beans, rice, and sauces,  everything was just so bland! It was actually shocking how flavorless tgd food was.Ǿ
I tried the carne asada plate, per Russ V.'s suggestion, and it was really good!  Keep in mind, it's a ton of food.  But so yummy!  And a reasonable price for $7.  Why didn't someone tell me about this place when I went to UNLV?

They only offer outdoor seating and it was a little cold outside so I had to take it to go.  Also, not necessarily the safest location in the world.  I wouldn't go there in the middle of the night by myself.  But I highly recommend it for a quick yet tasty lunch or late night cravings with a group.Ǿ
Omg Felipito's is my favorite mexican food spot in Vegas. I've been coming here ever since I moved here about six years ago. Who would've thought a little shack like spot would be so good. First thing that caught my eye was the sign, I thought it said Filipino's hahah. Anyways the food here is sooo good, I usually get the carne asada fries and a fish burrito.  They also carry a wide variety of choices. Definitely a great spot to hit up, located near the corner of Tropicana and Maryland. Great place to get more bang for your buck.Ǿ
Now, let me start by saying that Felipito's only seems to cross my mind after having had a few cold ones, but whenever it does, it seems like the greatest idea anyone has ever had. Felipito's is about as simple as it gets, from the concrete picnic tables to the menu comprised mostly of blown-up pictures and numbers. But make no mistake: Felipito's is a hidden gem. From the carne asada plate to the chile rellenos, your drunk ass will actually take a moment from scarfing down the ridiculously large servings to slur, "This is realllllllyy gooood!" Which, despite your lowered inhibitions and altered judgment, is true. They've got fantastic homemade pico de gallo (which I recommend ordering an extra side of), as well as handmade (and freshly fried) flour tortillas. I'm kind of disappointed by the guacamole, which is clearly not made in-house, errr... in-shack, and it's safe to say the carnitas plate will blow your calorie intake goals for an entire week. But after a few cold beers, who cares, right? 

Ladies, I would recommend ordering from the drive-thru late at night. Dealing with sketchy characters or drunk dude-bros when you're trying to get your grub on can definitely detract from these greasy delicacies.

P.S. I can personally vouch that the Super Fries will prevent any trace of a hangover. For about six bucks you get a foam container with fries smothered in cheese, guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, and steak. There is some kind of genius working in this broken down taco stand, I am quite certain.Ǿ
This is hands down my favorite late night, less-than-sober food stop on my way home from a long night of debauchery.  I've been here countless times, but I've only ever had the carne asade burrito, because it's THAT good that I'm not willing to stray from it and try anything else.

The food here is quick, greasy, simple, and satisfying.  It also withstands the ultimate test, going back while sober, where it is equality as delicious.  If you're in the UNLV neck of the woods, don't waste your time on Roberto's, because Felipito's blows it out of the water.Ǿ
Affordable food. Good selection of traditional style Mexican but in a fast food style.

Open 24 hours (a must in a city where you lose yourself in a casino until 4am).

Drive thru! Yey!

The rice was well cooked and on the bland side. Nothing a little pico de gallo couldn't fix right up.

Chips and salsa are spot on.

Beware! Their green salsa has more kick than most greens.Ǿ
I had this the other night, and it was pretty damn good. Its a bonus its 24/7, much like Robertos tacos, but this is a nice change up from it. I had 2 beef enchiladas w/ rice and beans and two beef tacos. ( I can put some food down) def will be going back since its near the airport where I work at.Ǿ
If you're drunk and looking for a cheap late night booze soaker, this is the place! In my last Felipito's quest I order a cheese quesadilla and a carne asada burrito. The quesadilla was everything it should have been, crazy huge, greasy and satisfying. Now the carne asada burrito, well, the first bite was good until you realize the meat is laden with gristle, connective tissue and well to make a short story even shorter, after 2 bites I threw it out. 

Props for speedy service and the hot gooey cheese quesadilla!Ǿ
I trusted the reviews, and I was very disappointed. If Felipito's is the best Mexican food joint in Vegas, then you're better off making your food at home.

The only thing this place has going for is giving you large amounts of food. However, that doesn't matter if there is no flavor to back it up. Felipitos specializes in BLAND.

I have tried (too grossed out to continue eating) the carne asada burrito and beef taco.

The carne asada burrito was horrible. The beef had that exact consistency and chewiness of boiled beef. The flavors were undeveloped and it was grey, not brown! The only thing I tasted were the huge chunks of onions, that was it. The meat didn't even have any hint of salt either or any other seasoning. It was completely flavorless apart from the onions.

The beef taco looked SO GOOD! It looked crunchy, it was very plump, overflowing with melted mild cheddar. Very appetizing. Then I took a bite. WTF! Like biting into a rock! The shredded beef was perfectly cooked. It was tender and brown, but had NO flavor. NOTHING. Major disappointment. Also, their taco shell might be a big health hazard for children. It can cut your mouth. I was expecting a gentle crunch like a chip, but it was like biting into those Kettle brand thick potato chips, but about 3x thicker and 5x "crunchier."

That's not all too, they also managed to take bland to another level. The sauces the food comes with: It's just spicy water. I don't know how it's possible to ruin sauces. You got spicy green water and red water that looks like hot sauce but it's not. It's just red water. Totally not the best place for Mexican food in Vegas.Ǿ
No starts for this mexican food so far selling dirty meat so bad i never had this kind of food in my life so far so please be care about it and also so bad ServiceǾ
I am hooked on their chicken salad - I get without the chips.  It has lots of avocado and they way they do their chicken, the marination process, along with their hot sauce, makes this a good lunch salad for a reasonable price - less than $5.  The lady always remembers my order - no chips.  I enjoy seeing her friendly smile as I make my way through the drive-thru.Ǿ
I never would have picked this. However, I had a dinner to attend with my coworkers and asked my hunny where he wanted me to stop to get him some food on my way home. 

Pet Peeve #1: The girl never told me my total. After she asked me for my payment, I still had to ask her my total. She told me $16.00 and ran my card. I asked for an itemized receipt and never got one. Oops, too late. Something fishy is what I think.

Pet Peeve #2: I ordered a cheese quesadilla for my son. I asked if they put anything extra on it. Was told no. Needless to say, I wound up with onions on my quesadilla. My year and half son was not happy and did not eat it to say the least. The quesadilla was very cheesy, too cheesy almost and was very, very greasy. It oozed with more grease than cheese. Thank goodness my son wouldn't eat it, I am sure it would have gave him an upset tummy.

Pet Peeve #3: Too long of a wait in the drive thru. Sure, me being in a rush to get home to get ready for my dinner was making me impatient but when you go through any drive thru you always expect speedy or speedier service. I did not get that.

In addition to the quesadilla, I ordered a chicken burrito was just okay per the man. And I also ordered a carne asada super nacho. Nothing was super about it and I mean nothing. The meat was tough, chewy and bland. And well I didn't make it past that. No thanks.

All these 4 and 5 stars have to be some drunk posts or drunk eats because a sober mind would not enjoy these foods.Ǿ
Felipitos is the best Mexican food of its type. You know that drive through corner type 24 hour cafe. There are a few similar places in Vegas but this one is always crowded and has people driving from as far away as Henderson to visit.

I like the Carne Asada fries. But the taquitos and burritos are pretty good too. It reminds me of that taco cart type food you get in TJ.Ǿ
This place never disappoints. The staff is incredibly friendly, and generous with the portions of authentic Mexican food they serve. Also, the prices are incredibly cheap for how much work they put into their food. Definitely the first place I go to whenever I'm craving ethnic food. Love everything they do to spread the wonders of Mexican food throughout Vegas. Honestly, I do worry about food poisoning from small businesses such as this one, but I have never gotten sick from the dozens of visits I have paid to this place. Just a very happy stomach! To the people who complain about the location and how it isn't fancy or classy enough, just go to a casino and pay $50 for mediocre microwaved tacos. :) Or Taco Bell/Del Taco, and enjoy their poor excuse for "Mexican" cuisine.Ǿ
I just ordered a chimichanga from felipitos.  AMAZING!  I would gladly pay $10.00 for it, but the price was $5.63.  It was humongous!  Chicken in every bite.  If you want authentic Mexican that's inexpensive, Felipitos is the answer.

Update: I've been coming to this glorious 24 hour establishment since the summer of 2005, and Felipito's never fails me, unless it's the sorry location on decatur.  I seem to be addicted to their Carne asada burritos. 95% of the burrito is Carne Asada meat!! The other 5% is the guac, pico de gallo, and of course the tortilla.

It's all outdoors, so you better bring a jacket if you wanna eat there during the winter. 

Another highlight to me, is their Chicken Burrito, not the grilled one, just straight 'chicken burrito'. 96% chicken, 4% cheese and tortilla.  The chicken is always piping hot with the cheese melting. Mmm it's actually a chicken quesadilla in a burrito but with less cheese, and way more chicken.  

Anytime I'm on the eastside of LV, I gotta make a trip to Felipitos.  I'll go out of my way for it too.Ǿ
Quick Cheap and easy!  We go there a couple times a week with work.  Though the rolled tacos seemed to get cheaper in the last few months.  Was my favorite thing, now I need to come up w/something else.  But the price is right for all the options there.Ǿ
Nothing fancy. I had a double burrito. It was good. Drive through ordering or at window. No inside seating, tables outside. Good price. I'd go back. Hispanics eat here; that tells you something.Ǿ
Had the burrito with Guac. It's great for the price they got a little stingy with the toppings though. Great place to get your stomach filled with massive burritosǾ
This place sucks. Their rolled taco is mostly tortilla with some trace amounts of beef. How freaking cheap do you have to be to not fry up fresh and meaty taquitos? Seriously, if your only two options are Felipito or Del, then just starve because it will be more satisfying. 

I'm going to use the rest of this space to pitch a lucrative Mexican restaurant proposal to some local entrepreneur. The fact that Cafe Rio is the best choice for Mexican around UNLV is pathetic and you CAN compete with Taco Bell on campus. There are many CA, TX, and other ex-pats here that don't recognize Taco Bell as food. Get a lease at one of the many strip mall vacancies around campus that can support a kitchen. Keep it simple, just offer big tacos, filled with fresh shredded beef, chicken, pork, and maybe adobada. Price it under two dollars, don't worry about the small margins, you'll make it up in volume. The only other things you should offer are burritos, again, simple, tortilla, meat, cheese, lettuce, rice, and beans. They should be under five dollars. One other thing, make fresh guacomole and chips. Price those nearly to cost of inputs, you will be pricing them similar to the canned guac that felipito offers so you will end up drawing anybody who would have gone here and making money off the inevitable tacos or burritos they order. Only offer specialty Mexican drinks like orange bang, agua frescas, or sugar cane cola. Don't fall into the delusion of selling syrup and water for high margins, you want keep up image that you only offer the best and tastiest. 

You put this together, you will make money. Thousands of college students will be at your door.Ǿ
I've been getting to go food from here for years it's on my way home from work! I have never had a bad order and I like the salsa's too! It's a must have for my family who visit from CA, they love this place and never leave with out stopping at least once while here. The chorizo burritos are excellent too large enough to feed two! I will continue to stop in for some scrumptious take out food. YUMMYǾ
Kool spot by the crib open 24 hours got the. Carna asada fries and grilled chicken tacos tacos was ight but the fries was bomb big enough for 2 just sayenǾ
so yummy! i wasn't that hungry so i got a carne asada taco. i love it when i get two soft tortillas for one taco cuz i split the meat between them and voila! TWO carne asada tacos for the price of one!! now.. the great thing is that they had alot of meat so i didnt have two dinky tacos. lol. the meat was juicy and the guacamole had so much flavor. not just bland mashed up avocados. and the tortillas didnt break when i folded them to eat my TWO tacos!  their horchata is not as thick as most places so its not as sweet and soo refreshing! and!!! the best part of my meal was the STRAWBERRY churro! yup.. thats right. churros are fantastic..but when they have strawberry filling they are supercoolyummyfantastic!! i cant wait to go back. and its not like i would have to cuz they are open 24 hours! with a drive thru! AND a walk up window. remind anyone of the jack in the box on geary? lol

oh.. why only 4 stars? cuz i need to try other things on the menu. trust.. its gonna happen soon =)Ǿ
this place is the bomb for a late night sesh. i've had tacos, plates and wet burritos. all great. i recommend getting adobada, since it's delicious and also, the only meat i've chosen so far. my friend got a carnitas quesadilla last time and she said it was really good, it looked like a greasy-good-time so i'll be trying that one soon. i usually eat here with two vegetarian friends and despite the bummer that there's only one thing on the menu they can order (vegi burrito) they really like the place. i will say that the beans here (refried only) aren't bad but i don't think they help the overall taste of whatever dish you get them in. i always enjoy eating outdoors and being sketched out by the other late night taco seekers who roll through. the price is right, the location is good and most importantly the food is grubbin'! solid spot.Ǿ
Don't let the location or building fool you.  This is the best Mexican food in Vegas. Their tortillas are magic and their ingredients are always fresh. The drive thru line is usually relatively quick unless someone ahead of you orders for 10 people. 24hours makes this the perfect place for breakfast any time. Short on cash? Their rolled taco deal has fed me many times!Ǿ
Go. Here. Delicious breakfast burritos. And they are HUGE! Two people should split one. We also got chips and guacamole. I was skeptical at first sight, the chips had grated melted cheese and then guacamole spread over them and the guac was more of the creamy variety with no veggies. But they were also really tasty. The chips themselves were great. And pretty cheap - two huge burritos, chips and guac, two medium sodas all for $17 (before tip)!Ǿ
Was visting Vegas and wanted real Mexican food which is really hard to find in Hawaii. The reviews that this place was featured on dirty dines did not deter me - I was going to eat real Mexican food. I had the burrito enchilada combo and it was 100% amazing. There was so much food that I had it as a second lunch on the plane a few hours later. I wish I had access to cheap, good Mexican food!Ǿ
Any place with a drive-thru is alright in my book.  I've been here many times, since it is on my way to/from work and also across the street from Crown and Anchor.  Nothing hits the spot after a night of drinking like carne asad fries!  Everything I've had is fresh and tasty.  The prices are reasonable and they are open 24 hours.  No complaints here!Ǿ
You can't go wrong with the California burrito. Besides chipotle my favorite Mexican fast food jointsǾ
Found this place my last day in Vegas. Why didn't I find it earlier?!? It's a drive-thru open 24 hours! They serve huge portions at cheap prices.  Had a bean, cheese, rice, etc. burrito, and it was awesome!!!  Half was enough for 1 meal so I saved the other half for later. 

I give it 5-stars for being tasty, big and cheap.  It's 20 times better than Taco Bell.  If you're looking for fancy Mexican food, this isn't the place to go. But if you're looking for delicious, fast, cheap food -- go here!Ǿ
Omg I miss California Mexican food and had to settle for chipotle in Vegas to feel "authentic Mexican food" but a coworker mention this place and damn. The streak quesadilla, burritos, chimichangas... Pretty much most of the food is good. For a little hole in the wall it's great food! Great flavor the only down side was that I love spicy food and their sauce was not as hot in any way. That's why minus a star lol I know theirs folks out there who think the same but great service and great place!!!Ǿ
Favorite Mexican food place in Vegas. This is real Mexican food, the plate combo plates are affordable and you get good food. I always come here when I'm in Las Vegas and its 24 hours !! Thank you to all the staff there for working hard.Ǿ
Originally I really liked this place. I was so excited to find a Mexican place that wasn't taco bell or robertos for lack of a better comparison. I loved the fresh tortillas and just the overall flavor of their plates. The first time I went, I was with my boyfriend. I got the chorizo plate and he got the carnitas plate. We went home to eat and about 1/4 of the way through his food, he found a hair. He immediately threw his food away and we called to inform them. We aren't the kind of people that call to get free shit. We just want to let whoever is in charge know that they need to keep an eye on their chef. She started trying to almost defend it? Saying things like "oh he's human. we wear hair nets. Hair in food isn't our thing" like yeah we get it, but fix the problem. She ended up comping him a meal which he picked up at a later date. We went back because everyone deserves second chances. We had gone there 2 more times. Then 2 days ago he went and good food, and behold, another hair. Now we double checked this time that it wasn't mine or his. My hair is long and his is very very short. This was a shorter but not super short, black hair. Unfortunately, with this being the second time, as much as we enjoyed the food, we will not be returning.Ǿ
Keep on driving this place has gone way down hill 
It's been awhile since I was here and I'll never be backǾ
I love this place I was disappointed when I went today and according to the sign it was suppose to be open at 5am and I was there at 6am which the place was closed. Besides the amazing food this place has for breakfast I had to take my business elsewhere..Ǿ
One of the first places I had ever eaten at in Vegas. It was goooood. 

Get a combo plate with beans and rice. Watch your back when you walk up to the window at night...And don't feed the pigeons.Ǿ
Cold uncooked cheese enchiladas. Literally cold tortillas filled with cold shredded cheese and lukewarm extremely salty sauce on top. SO Gross. Not exactly cheap either. Brought them back to the window and asked to have it microwaved, was told they "don't have a microwave".. what?! The solution apparently was to drown my "enchiladas" in more awful lukewarm sauce. Which obviously did not help. Judging by the other reviews, this isn't an isolated incident. Screw this place. I wish we had gone to roberto's.Ǿ
It's an okay place to get some Mexican food. 

They usually have a deal on taquitos, where you get 5 taquitos for cheap. My taquitos were hit and miss. One of my taquitos was really hard. I like some crunch but I was afraid I chipped a tooth for a second. Definitely needed the sour cream and guacamole to seep into the taquitos to soften them up. 

Carne Asada burrito was meh. The carne asada wasn't flavorful. Needed more limes. Burrito was also super dry. Definitely needed some moisture. 

The drive thru is very convenient though. Definitely beats standing awkwardly in a Roberto's at midnight.Ǿ
No receipt, wrong change, and the food was awful. I found tendons, tons of fat and all dark meat with brown fatty tissues in my chicken burrito. Seriously, I hope I throw it up but I can't bare to taste it again.Ǿ
Oh, Felipito's how you've come to my rescue time and again!  Do NOT eat here if you don't appreciate a good measure of grease with your Mexican food or if you're squeamish about ordering out of a food hut.  But, let me tell you, that will be your fault because no one has Felipito's beat for Mexican fast food.  Not even that other place.  You all know the one.

First of all, the 24 hour drive thru is an absolute godsend.  3 AM burrito cravings are strong, unignorable, annoying things and Felipito's will satisfy that quickly.  Everything here is freakin' yumtastic, and they even give you enough salsas to keep even the biggest sauce fiend happy.  Once, my friend Pouncy and I shared such a delightfully greasy quesadilla that we had to actually wring it out and thereby invented the Felipito's Wringing Out the Quesadilla dance, a gyration that's remained popular for over three years now.  Any place that incites such a lasting movement surely is worthy of a visit.Ǿ
Well. I had given you guys 4 stars and I  had to edit my comment and take some stars back.
I remember when it was good here. Now You are embarrassing me in front of new people I bring to you!!!!!!

I went there today 3 am. Ordered some cheese enchiladas. and got COLD ass everything. NONE of the cheese was melted in the enchilada. NONE. 

If i wanted a cold ass corn tortilla and some shredded cheese I would have stayed home and made that shit myself
No flavor at all. 

VERY disappointing. Its not that hard to make an enchilada. 
I wrote you a good review in the past and now you give me this shit.

Check yourself.Ǿ
By far the best Mexican food I've had since I last been in California. The only downfall about this place is not staying open for 24 hours. Especially after having a night out of drinking. But overall food quality is great. Strongly recommend.Ǿ
WHAT IS THIS PLACE and WHY DID I NOT TRY IT UNTIL NOW. I think this is where Jesus gets his Mexican food when he visits Las Vegas (but it is Sin City, so I'm not sure that's all that often). I don't care that it might one day end up on the Dirty Dining section of the newspaper or the local news. I don't care that it has no nutritional value and that its ingredients are not top notch. This place doesn't look like it makes sense until it makes all the sense in the world inside your mouth. 

The menu is not high on description, but it is low on prices. It is not health food, nor could it really be considered nourishment in any sense of the word. I had the cheese roll ups, which, vegetarians be forewarned, have beef inside. (Though if you had an aversion to beef, this place might not be for you anyway.) My friend ordered what I had and a beef taco, and total it was $6 and change. Fine by me! Taco Bell sells chemicals for more expensive prices. 

I am salivating for Jesus' favorite Mexican food now. Too bad it is in an awkward part of town for me to get to!Ǿ
Felipito's is as good as it gets when it comes to 24/7 Mexican food. Try the Super Nachos!Ǿ
We came for breakfast based on yelp reviews. Place looks a bit run down but breakfast burritos were wonderful and staff were really friendly!Ǿ
Their breakfast burrito is OFF THE HOOK, it is enormous, I had to share one with my 16 year old son.  That in itself is a feat because we all know 16 year old boys can eat, but even this burrito filled us both up.  YUM!