They do have great food, but I have had my order messed up several times or they don't put my full order in the bag. That's always dissapointing when you've already driven away.
I've also come in the evening hours (11pm ish)
and they were closed!!!  (They are supposed to be open until 1am or later) no notice on the doors or drive thru area. Nothing. 
And that has happened more than once.Ǿ
Look, I get it.  It's Taco Bell.  Expectations are generally low.

But oh my goodness.  I just spent 25 minutes trapped in their drive thru lane, unable to move.  Turns out they kept messing up the order of the poor woman in front of us.  3 times, incorrect.  How is that even possible?

We are all trapped behind her.  They won't move her to a park lane like other restaurants do.  Just simply unable to move.  Is that even legal?

I finally had to get out of my car and walk up to the window.  I told them they can't just trap people in the lane.  There's got to be a way to open things up.  I just wanted to leave at that point.

Thank heavens you don't pay until you get your food!  I finally was able to drive through.  Didn't even bother with the food.  I didn't feel like finding out how many times they would screw up my order.

I realize few people if any will check the reviews for Taco Bell, but if you are by some strange coincidence reading this, don't go here.Ǿ
Absolutely horrible. Service, intelligence level, and food. Save yourself a headache and for somewhere else.Ǿ
There's not much that I can add for this Taco Bell. It's your standard fare for fast food. It's a bit slow as they are making food as it's getting ordered. That is a good thing, I guess. Well worth the wait to get hot food. I am a bit surprised at their extended menu. And their choices for breakfast items. I may have to check them out during breakfast (before 11am). I'm curious about their breakfast tacos. I like their $5 meal deal. LOTS of food for one person. We usually get that deal and 1 other item and share the works.Ǿ
Review a fast food restaurant?    You are insane Robert T....just INSANE!   Yes, I know Taco Bell is not good for me and yes I know that I should not be eating it.   Got it.   Off your soap box now?    Can I get on mine?   Good...lets go.  First off I LOVE Taco Bell and FU for telling me what I can and cannot eat.  :-)

Now that is out of the way.....today I placed a Mobile App order.   it is kinda cool but saves very little time besides getting your order ready ahead of time and adding cool things to items.   Anyway, I used it and showed up to Taco Bell.  I went in the drive thru and they read my mobile order back to me and something was wrong.    I ordered a Steak Quesadilla and not and Chicken one.    I corrected the lady and she attempted to change the order.   10 minutes later a manager come on the speak.....10 minutes might I add and told me because it was a mobile order and I already pre-paid for my food he cannot change it to a steak quesadilla due to a price difference.   I am willing to pay the difference.  Nope....cant do that.

Ok...here is the deal.   I like Steak Quesadillas.   I hate anything chicken from Taco Bell.    Bottom Line.  So....Why would I order a chicken quesadilla (i assume the app messed it up).   OK....let me ask this too....when at taco Bell why would I not ask for something to be changed because that is not what I want to eat?    Do I seem out of line?   

Ok...I told him I did not order a chicken one...i ordered a steak and can easily pay the difference.   At this point the manager begins to yell at me.   Yes, a Taco Bell manager literally yelling at me about how this is how it is and I have to deal with it.  FINE FINE FINE.....give me that damn chicken quesadilla and the rest of my order.   This is going nowhere and have already taken 15 minutes longer than I wanted.   So I drive around to the window and wait....wait...wait some more.   Holy crap...this is Taco Bell not Ruth Chris.   So....I get my food and leave....then the thought crosses my mind.  yeah, I am not eating this stuff because I bet the MANAGER who yelled at me spit in my food or something.   I took the items out of the bag and guess what....no quesadilla at all and yes....it was paid for.

In closing....thank you for messing up my order and making not regret myself later for eating your food.   Also, if the manager who yelled at me reads this....have fun having a conversation with your regional manager.Ǿ
Normally, I don't review chain restaurants, but due to the new release of Taco Bell's breakfast, I decided to break with tradition. First, I visited this location around 9am. The customer service was a little lacking...I had to repeat my order three times then was told they were out of eggs...Ugh!

I decided to wait for them to make some more (after all, how do you eat a breakfast burrito without eggs??) I was told 10 minutes, which turned out to be more like 30 minutes.  I got one of each of the new items (waffle taco, breakfast burrito, and a crunchwrap).

The waffle taco could have been better. I would recommend syrup with it (none provided). The waffle was greasy and soggy. I had high hopes, but they were dashed. Hopefully, they work out the kinks from this one.

The burrito was average. No salsa provided which would have gone a long way. I've had much better breakfast burritos. I would even say, I prefer Mc'Donald's to Taco Bell's.

The crunch wrap was my favorite. It had a thin layer of hash browns. I got it bacon and it was delicious. This saved my faith in Taco Bell. If you want to try something, this is the one to get.

Overall, it was a disappointing visit but the breakfast crunchwrap saved the day.Ǿ
Hands down the worst Taco Bell I have ever been to.  Consistently under staffed to the point of the person behind the counter telling customers it's going to be a 30 minute wait for 2 tacos.  Give me a break.  They should be shit down to save the reputation of taco bells everywhere.Ǿ
Keep it up, Toxic Hell.  I know the main reason I shouldn't go here is because it's NOT good for me... however this is NOT the reason. THIS PLACE IS SO SLOW.  AnytIme you think this time will be different, it WON'T. Do yourself a favor and go to Hyvee across the street instead.Ǿ
I showed up at the drive up window with no answer: first at the speaker and then at the window and I know they were open. I guess they just don't like customers here.Ǿ
Let's just cut right to the chase about this particular location because let's be honest, we all know exactly the kind of food we are getting when we run for the border. 

This location is SLOOOOOOOW. Do not go here during any type of "rush" hour. Lunch, dinner, etc. 

I placed an order and waited 35 minutes until my food came out. Thirty five minutes! This isn't just unacceptable, it is downright lunacy. They were also apathetic to the entire situation. No sorry, no thanks for waiting. Nothing. Complete joke.Ǿ
I just love Taco Bell in general. It is in my top five places to go when I'm really hungry. My biggest issues are that they never ever put anything in their burritos at this particular Taco Bell. There is so little. It's like 1 tsp of chicken and 1 tsp of rice and a drop of sauce. It's 80% tortilla and I'm not exaggerating. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PUT THINGS IN THE BURRITOS!! PLEASE FILL THEM! If you can do that for me I would eat there every other day. 

They do mess up my order on occasion but if I call and let them know they do at least give you a couple of free food items, including the thing they messed up, when you come back. I do appreciate that.

Please start filling up your burritos again!
If you did this review would be 5 stars!Ǿ
Just left this store. Unable to even enter Taco Bell. The front doors were locked although the hours say 7am-10pm for dine in and there were no special signs. 

I saw trash on one of the tables so I looked through the windows to see if anyone was working. One employee looked at me, smiled and walked away. Another employee came out in between the doors and just shook his head no at me and walked back inside the store. 

At least have the courtesy, as an employee of an establishment, to come outside and explain why you will not serve us. 

Just piss poor management. I go to taco once every few months and know exactly the quality of food I am receiving but the complete lack of workplace integrity is mind blowing. 

Go to a different Taco Bell or another Mexican place in the area.Ǿ
This is the longest wait I've ever had at a Taco Bell. Six PM on a Sunday, two cars including myself and I've already been waiting in a drive through for 20 minutes.  This is the third time I've been to this location and its a strikingly similar occurrence each time. One time the guy behind the counter flat out told me it would be a 30 minute wait, the store was empty I was the only one there.

Whoever owns this particular store may want to consider making some staffing changes .Ǿ
Ive never had this bad of an experience at this Taco Bell. It took approx. 30 minutes at the drive thru at 7:15pm on 04/21/2016. When we got home the burritos were flat and the tacos were a mess. This is totally unacceptable and I may never visit this Taco Bell again. Also, I tried to have lunch earlier on this day and the drive thru had approx. 8 cars so I went in and it was no better. It looked like 3 people were working the entire operation. Shame on the manager.Ǿ
Disappointing visit.  Granted we went at 12 midnight, completely sober, mind you, that shouldnt mean customers of that hour should get jipped.  We ordered a steak quesadilla, 1 hard 1 soft taco, and a 7 layer burrito. All were jipped on fillings! The tacos had maybe a half inch of combined fillings, the 7 layer burrito has definitely shrunk in size and filling is just as poor. The only great thing about it was the nice drive through gal and the plentiful amount of sauces they gave us! love the verde!!Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch on a Monday afternoon at Noon.  Took 20 minutes for them to make my nachos. One guy waiting for his food crumpled his receipt and threw it behind the counter before storming out without his food order.  Some guests coming into order left because nobody took their order.  Never again.Ǿ
I've always had a decent experience at this Taco Bell. Though, this isn't my most frequented Taco Bell, just because of its proximity to my home.

I am a huge fan of the breakfast menu. I love the California Crunchwrap. No, it's not fresh avocado, but it's Taco Bell, what do you expect? I love the hash brown inside the crunchwrap.

I don't really try new things at places, so that's all I got. Service was decently quick when we went inside to order.