This Bar was Niko's then Fergies then Piffels and now Gyro spot. I have been going there since it was Niko's and when Piffels closed ( Thank God ) I'v been waiting for it to open back up. The new owners have several bars around town. They are all nice and do well. On the remodel / expansion I give them a 5 STAR they HIT it OUT of THE PARK.
 But lets face it there are several nice bars to hang out at in Parma and the surrounding area people go there for the gyro's. 

I gave them a 1 star on there gyro's and if I could have given a half star I would have.
 
I have eaten there twice since they reopened. The first time I payed attention to the prep of the Gyro but maybe not as close as I should have.(The Gyro's are no longer hand sliced  they are now  sliced thin with a handheld electric shaver) That night my wife and I got sick.  I thought well maybe we just had a bug. 
The 2nd time we went back I payed better attention to the prep. The meat on the cone was slightly cooked  they shaved it off the cone and put it on the griddle to warm it through. (This  along with it being shaved thin dries it out and makes it lose its flavor. The tzatziki sauce was runny and also lacked flavor) and again we both got sick.  
So unless you enjoy having explosive diarrhea or for some reason your Doctor has ordered a rapid evacuation of your bowels I would not eat there. 

The Gyro's that everyone knew and loved from Fergies are GONE !!!!

I will go back ( But not to eat ) to check the place out and see if they have changed anything and will give updates as I do. Until then drive a little further south and get yourself a real Gyro from one of the places named in this reviewǾ
Not bad.  Greek tots had great crunchy texture,  tons of feta &  green onions.  Same for this position Greek fries.  HUGE portions.  Easily for 2-3 people.  Lamb gyro was good.  Not mind blowing,  but no complaints.Ǿ
Service was terrible, gyro was not cooked all the way, order was short( no gyro sauce). I called when I got home and asked to speak with a manager,  the girl handed the phone to a drunk patron who rambled on and would not let me talk to the manager. I received a call back 30 min later by the owner, he accused me of calling his manager a B____! He was acting as if he wanted to fight me.  Tried to explain to him what I experienced and he didn't want to hear it, all I got was, " big deal, we forgot the sauce!" They don't accept credit cards either. I patiently waited for this place to open and will never walk into the G spot again.  Do yourself a favor and go to Nikos and get great service and authentic gyros.Ǿ
This was the old Fergies and Piffels. Place is COMPLETELY remodeled. Looks like Bar Rescue came in here. Still got great gyros with an even bigger menu! Food is on point and it is super clean. All the servers I have talked to are really friendly and attentive.  Beer is cheap too! Great little local spot now for some great Greek food.Ǿ
This is the former Fergie's (and Niko's before that)They have expanded the bar to twice the size and remodeled. It looks nice, actually better than it did before. My friend and I have been waiting for a year for this to open. We were fans of the gyros from the previous owners but not anymore! The meat tastes bland, maybe a cheaper cut or something. The tzatziki sauce was a bit gritty. They claim it's homemade but It too was bland. 
The have many TVs, a pool table, and the staff is friendly. 
Overall, the place is nice! If you're looking for authentic gyros you may want to go elsewhere.Ǿ
Guess they're still getting comfortable in the new digs. Nice, clean, fresh and new. Menu is more accommodating than the old Fergie's, but the Tzatziki sauce needs some work, and what's with the grilled gyro???  If there is one thing you'd want you duplicate during a replication, it would be the sandwich we all were in love with! Staff is great and the service, swift!