Down-home bar and restaurant tucked away in a quiet Urbana neighborhood. This place gets busy for lunch during the week. I highly recommend the fish sandwich on Fridays.Ǿ
omg amazing atmosphere 
it mixes great food, a venue and car feel in the most perfect way possible

try the fish on fridays i swear!Ǿ
I am searching for my dive bar in Champaign Urbana and this place is not it. I assumed because this bar was located behind the silver bullet strip club that this would be a great dive. I was wrong. 

Upon entering the establishment I was greeted by the bright glow of lights. When I want to drink at a dive I want the lights dim. The bartender was nice but the place was empty. My girlfriend and I ordered our drinks and shot pool and joked about how at 9 o'clock on a Saturday we were their only customers. Eventually 3 regulars sat at the bar and when I went up to the bar one of them told me my girlfriend was pretty and he wondered if we were going to visit the bullet next door. That's enough to make me uncomfortable and bail on out. 

I might come back on their wing day for 33 cent wings but I will never come here to drink and unwind because the atmosphere sucked, the air was stale, seriously no fans or AC, and the clientele is either non existent or just a little too creepy for my liking. 

My search for a good old fashion dive in CU continues...Ǿ
My parents were in town and mom wanted to watch the MSU basketball playoff game.  We needed somewhere close, cheap, unpretentious where my middle-age 'rents wouldn't feel too out of place.

Yay, Boomerangs!  Despite the fact of Friday evening, the place seemed slow.  Might get busy later?   I love the cheap drinks here, and plan on trying food here sometime.  When I'm less terrified of bar burgers due to the Iron Post Food Poisoning Incident.

From the shot list, Pineapple Upside Down Cake kicks serious ass.  I ended up getting three of 'em and sharing round my group.  The bartender here was super friendly and very attentive.Ǿ
Wow.  It's like they were trying to get a bad review.  We sat down and a waitress showed up really quickly and got us our drinks.  That was the last we saw of her.  Literally.  Like not even from across the room.  Never saw her again.  After sitting for 30 minutes I went to the bar to order our food.  This place has a unique menu with burgers and sandwiches named after celebrities.  The menu describes all sorts of interesting burgers.  My wife want a "Halas" burger but the lady at the bar said she didn't know any of the names of the dishes so she would just get her a cheeseburger.  I ordered a Philly and we split a half order of onion rings.  The rings were to die for.  Truly beer battered and delicious.  My wife said her burger was "good" but just a burger.  The fries were soggy.  The cole slaw was very, very good.  My Philly was almost inedible.  The meat was literally like ashes scraped from under the grill.  Really terrible.  And don't ask for ketchup because the lady behind the bar will rip your head off and go bowling with it.  Not an awesome place.  They obviously have the ability to make some good food but sometimes choose not to.  Good luck.Ǿ
Nice neighborhood dive bar. Prices are quite reasonable. I didn't like the breading on the fried mushrooms, but the portion size was huge. Very friendly staff. They also have pool tables for those interested in billiards.Ǿ
Cheap drinks, inexpensive food that is pretty good.  I want to go back!Ǿ
Live music, rockin' service, cheap drinks, and a great grill.  Drew, the line cook is the most outgoing friendly dude you'd ever meet.  They had the coolest float in the Labor Day parade which makes this the place to be in all of Urbana.  (Not an ugly one in the bunch). Pool tables, video gambling and the area's only 0.33 wing night on Wednesdays.Ǿ
This is HANDS DOWN the best place in CU for wings!!! 33 cents on Wednesdays with amazing drink specials too!  But, my favorite part about this place is the incredible bands that play there several nights a week!!!! The best live music venue in town and half the time there isn't even a cover... How can you beat this?Ǿ
There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place. Seemingly not a ringing endorsement, but when you take into account the surroundings of this joint, you will recognize that the mere fact that this place doesnt suck means that it is A-OK. 

Confused? Don't be. This place looks like an absolute murder-me-in-the-bathroom-and-serve-me-as-patty-melts-next-Tuesday shithole. Its not. Its a moderately divey outdated (vintage 1986 decor, probably ironic in hipsters' eyes) bar and grill. High points include a pretty new version of Golden Tee, a juke box, a friendly guy slinging drinks, and most rewarding: a fully integrated theme of boomerangs. I wont be a spoiler, but you will love pointing out all the boomerangs, like its Highlights magazine. 

They have domestic macros on tap, a full liquor selection and daily lunch and dinner specials. I'll probably go back for the Friday night fish fry.

Bottom line: don't let the fact that it is next to a strip joint and bumps up to a pretty questionable area chase you away. If you are a diver, dive in.Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch on Wednesday, because I wanted something different. It's not that I'm tired of the places I always eat, I just wanted something I haven't had. I had heard good things about the Friday fish sammich, so I thought I'd try it before gong for the thing they are best known for. Wednesday special is the spaghetti, I went with a burger with mushroom and swiss. For a side, I had the fried mushrooms. These fried mushrooms aren't frozen from a bag, these things are done in batter. It's their own batter. It's the batter they use for the fish on Friday. It's darn good batter. After eating the mushrooms, I was determined to go have the Friday fish, because that batter is that good. If they can make mushrooms this well, I couldn't imagine how good the fish would be. 
So, went back today, Friday, for the fish. 
We sat at the bar, in the same seats as Wednesday. The same lady was working the bar, but there were 2 guys on the grill, and another server. (Friday draws a bigger crowd). It was by no means a large crowd (when we were there), but there was definitely more people there than on Wednesday. 
I got the fish, my lunch date (same guy as wed) also got the fish. 
Someone apparently ordered the fish grilled, and we were concerned that that was our order, I don't know why anyone would get it grilled. 
A batch of the fried came out of the fryer, and I saw him dump them to drain and I audibly gasped and said "OH MY GAWD". It looks really good coming out of the fryer. 
There are 2 large pieces on the sandwich. It comes with fries and some pretty good coleslaw. 
The fries remind me of boardwalk fries, so they demanded to be doused in Malt Vinegar. 
About the only thing I would prefer to be different, would be if the buns were buttered more. It's a minor thing, but doesn't detract much from the experience. 
This will be a regular Friday thing for me. 
While there, the other girl working was like "you have a twin in town". And I'm like where. She says "downtown". I ask Champaign or Urbana. She says "Champaign, he hangs out by Memphis on Main". So I respond, "No, that's actually me."Ǿ
We've been to Boomerangs on several occasions now. Their wing night on Wednesdays can't be beat. Their sauces are really good. I actually prefer a lot of their sauces over that big-chain wing place (which I won't name). The wings are really big and only 33 cents. I like that you can get as many of any flavor as your want without an extra charge. My favorite sauces are the jerk and tequila lime.Their sides and burgers are really good, too. 

{EDIT} We went to wing night again last night and got onion rings. I can't think of anyplace that has better onion rings. They're not frozen, obviously hand-dipped. They even give you the fried crumblies. Holy moly, they were so good. 

Nice staff, nice place. I like going here because it has a neighborhood bar feeling.Ǿ
Cool place to hang out. Staff is very friendly and just a great neighborhood bar. Will definitely come back.Ǿ
Last night's special was $1 sliders... not a typical tiny White Castle slider, these sliders were BEEFY!   We had some fresh cut french fries and fired mushrooms, the mushrooms were great!

everyday they have a special, and it appears they have a new menu with famous Illinoisans assigned to each sandwich.

pitchers of domestic draft beer was $5.Ǿ
One of the best neighborhood / dive bars in the area.  Great food, inexpensive drinks, and a wide variety of live music.  Stop in for Thursday Happy Hour and you will be hooked.Ǿ
A great neighborhood bar under new ownership since 2011 with a handful of regular, and mostly pleasant drinkers. It caters to bikers as well as family plus has a decent- sized  outdoor lounge. Food specials daily but Fish Fridays serve up the largest and best cod sandwichs in C-U hands down! Always clean, fun, and comfortable for what looks like a dive bar next to a strip club. Actually was built in a self serve car wash structure. With the new owners the place now rocks out with live bands. Check it out cause you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
30 minutes is just too long to wait for wings and it still didn't look like my order was coming so no thanks.Ǿ
The best.  We love the food. (Hot wings, cheese balls and fishy fry) we love it all.  Great staff, awesome drinks.   Amazing entertainment.  We just wish it was closer to our house.  My husband and I always say, if this was in our neighborhood, we'd be there all the time.  Love it!