I WILL NEVER, EVER COME BACK TO SILKY's CROWS NEST BECAUSE THEY WOULD NOT EVEN LET US IN THE DOOR.  100 OF MY LIKE-MINDED BOAT RIDE FOLKS AND I.  the venue's actions could have ruined an entire evening but we took it in stride...and were probably better off.

saturday sept 12, 20015, i was part of a friendly and responsible adult-only music party boat of probably about 100 or so people.  the first thing to recognize is the revenue potential 100 people = $XX.XX food + $XX.XX cocktails + tips $XX.XX x 100 people.   conservatively speaking $40 (food and drink for 2 hours) per person would total $4000 in revenue for the venue.  

we boarded at southside works, between 8:30-9:15ish, embarked shortly thereafter, floated down the mon, and thanks to the pittsburgh police river rescue who forbade passing through due to baseball fireworks from the water--10 minutes, 15 at the very most, cruised up the allegheny.  while we recognize that our pit stop did put us a little behind schedule, by no means was it enough to be considered disregardful, nor did we realize it would forfeit our entrance to the venue. we had been on the water about an hour and a half, perhaps around 2 hours and were only about a half hour late arriving.  the boat bar had a mere 2 bartenders for 100 people, and at times, the bar line was up to 15-20 minutes--and let me add little to not complaints even.  think about that and it impact on the amount of consumption per person...

...upon arrival, we were refused docking access either delivered or sanctioned by an unaccommodating, belligerent management/proprietor for reasons of perceived grossly negligent lateness.  to incite matters, this miserable fool accused us (yes, the whole boat, all 100 of us) of being bunch of pub crawl drunks (huh?) and inebriated fight-starters.  i am in my mid 40s and the crowd was most likely in their 30s maybe a few in later 20s here and there.

please don't confuse this group with the likes of the new generation of club kids.  HOUSE MUSIC BREEDS LOVERS, NOT FIGHTERS.  PLEASE NOTE, IN THE ENTIRE TWENTY SOME YEARS I HAVE BEEN LISTENING TO DISCO (think: soul train) and PROPER AND CLASSIC HOUSE MUSIC (not drug infested raves or edm bottle service VIP brats) I HAVE NEVER, EVER, EVER WITNESSED A SINGLE SOLITARY VERBAL OR PHYSICAL ALTERCATION.  NOT ONCE.   i have partied at events and venues all over the world with the kindest and gentlest of soul dj legends including frankie knuckles (RIP), nicky siano, louie vega, danny krivit, joaquim (joe) claussell, john (jellybean) benitez, joshua milan, paul johnson, tony humphries, derrick carter, eric kupper, dimitri from paris, ultra nate and the list goes on and i can assure you the people that attend these events are simply stellar pillars of the community.  

why do i say all this?  because you need to understand the nature of the group on board was by no means derelict undesirables, we were a little late, anxious to arrive, refused dock access, venue entrance and service, then scolded.  and for what?  so that a silly venue could forfeit a $4k collective tab, despite and including a paid deposit, that the organizers had trouble recouping thanks to a liar.

what a fool mr proprietor/manger.  what a fool!  shame on you family lampenfields.

do you want to patronize a place like this??  think about the concern for customers when there's no regard for revenue.Ǿ
I came here once to scope out the place and see if the bad reviews were true. and I gotta say maybe because its summer and we went in when it was empty 
but 
the service wasn't anything special; the food wasn't that great and alittle pricey 
But we had a good time and the view was spectacular. 

We did feel a little rushed but it wasn't so badǾ
Rupe Rankings of note:
- N/A

Menu recommendations:
- N/A

Why you would go:
- great outdoor seating, right on the river
- shoot some shufflepuck

Why you wouldn't go:
- food is 100% Sysco
- sketchy service, especially at the bar
- no happy hour specials to speak of

Overall impression:
If you work nearby and are looking for a close-by sunny spot for a few HH drinks, it will work.  Otherwise, avoid.Ǿ
I went to this spot to "celebrate" my son shaving his head after almost being done with radiation. I was there a month ago and the service was very unfriendly and slow. Went again today. The service was INCREDIBLY SLOW.  The excuse that the kids went back to school is no excuse for the price tag of the food. Customers should come first. How servers to take care of the customers on a timely basis. I ordered two bottles of beer that were both warm. The bathrooms are dirty and loaded with graffiti. Waited 15 minutes to get served and another 15 to get the bill. When I questioned the bill to the manager she clearly had mistake mms for someone else and accused me of "doing this before". Unbelievable!! Who would leave their business to someone there so long they are complacent and unprofessional.Ǿ
Yesterday my family and I had a nice dinner out on Sikly's deck.  The deck is quite large and had a bunch of tables in the shade so you're not in direct sunlight (there's table in direct sunlight if you want them).  At 5:00pm it wasn't very crowded and there were a bunch of children and babies around.  We had a tremendous view of the river.  Inside they have a great bar shuffleboard table.

We were all very happy with our dinners.  The menu has a bunch of different sandwiches, entrees, burgers, and pasta dishes.  There were definitely more upscale selections than a typical bar.  We started with apps of coconut shrimp and oysters on the half shell.  The coconut shrimp was very tasty and we loved how it was served in in coconut shell. I also had a Crab Louie salad that was very good.  My brother had salmon oscar and said it was good too.

The beer selection was rather limited, but they did have Dogfish 60 minute on draft.  I don't think there was too much in the way of wines.  Regardless, if you're looking for an outdoor river-view spot in the summer with good food, you can't go wrong with Sikly's Crows Nest.  It's also very family and child friendly.  We will definitely come again.Ǿ
Waited over an hour and a half for a calamari appetizer. Finally just had to cancel our food orders. Every time I go I absolutely love the view but am constantly reminded of the insanely slow food service. Very disappointing.Ǿ
We went to Silkys for a work lunch and it was one of the worst experiences I've had in a long time. 

We waited over an hour for our orders, which were basic sandwiches and salads. Our waitress wasn't familiar with the menu at all and clearly wasn't trained by a more experienced staff member. After an hour I asked to speak with a manager and no one came to speak with me. After asking a second time for the manager, a gentleman came out and asked me what the problem was with an "I don't really care" attitude. Our waitress then dropped off the bill before we'd even received our food.  Once our food came we asked for boxes and got out of there!  

This seems like a nice place to grab a beer after work but the staff has turned me off. I won't go back.Ǿ
They were exceptionally accommodating to our large party for my grandparent's 50th anniversary. It was a wonderful event, the banquet room was already taken, but the staff was able to accommodate us in their dining area. There was more than enough food, and it was above par for banquet food. The menu was an excellent value for what we got. Very nice views of the river, we got some nice pictures on the dock! Outdoor seating is available, which is really nice on a summer evening.Ǿ
I am retracting my previous 5 stars. 
They have edited and edited their menu down so much, that i have no idea what to order anymore. They do not give out menu's with their specials or soups listed anymore.
They fry their crabcakes all of a sudden, taste like crap. Don't serve Rachel's anymore, although they left their Ruben on the menu? DO NOT ORDER ANY OF THEIR WRAPS!!! They can't get any of them right. 
I've been trying other things here, but they always end up in the "To Go" box, then straight into the garbage when I get home.
And please, that woman who waitresses but is also an owner? She has the absolute worst attitude! She doesn't want to see her customers happy, all she sees is dollar signs. Screw this place.
If you must go here, make sure it's in the summer. That's when they have nice servers working, but they never last long.Ǿ
I read all the previous reviews and almost didn't come. What a mistake that would have been. This place is really a gem!

The food is top notch and service was awesome! The view from the deck is incredible. The entire experience was great. We will definitely be back!Ǿ
I have been to the Crow's Nest on several occasions, mostly for lunch or after work for Happy Hour since moving from Downtown to this end of town for work.  First I have to point out, in this little restaurant/bar that could probably use a little bit of a face lift has such a lovely view.  In the summer time or warmer months it is glorious to go outside and see the various boats the view of the river, the wonderful breeze blowing from the water to cool you.  Speaking of the outside the deck is great.  It is quite a selling point to come here just to enjoy that and a cocktail.

So as prior mentioned I have been here a few times, but have only eaten here for lunch.  Let me start by saying that they have a somewhat extensive menu.  Lots of different varieties of salads, soups, sandwiches, pasta, and appetizers.  Plus I am pretty sure you can order a dinner entree too if that is what you desire for lunch.  

Another bonus would be their lists of specials.  I love going to a restaurant and seeing a special or two listed that give you a completely different option to chose from.  Not to mention, these specials are served with not one but two sides!  And where so many restaurants don't include items like soup or salad as a side (*you know the side options are fries, chips, and applesauce) The Crows Nest does!  This I love because they have had some really different kinds of soups on the menu that you can add as a side, and I am such a soup gal in the winter!  

As for the food.  I will admit I was very unsatisfied with my soup on my last visit.  The french onion soup had a piece of bread covered in cheese floating on top of what was one of the most saltiest soups I have ever eaten, or attempted to.   Really just couldn't do it.  It was close to licking a beef flavored salt cube, just gross.

Now my wrap was quite nice on the other had.  It was a grilled chicken with bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and cheese.  Very tasty.  My friends meal was also received in high regards as it was a fried bologna sandwich.  It came on two honking pieces of Italian bread slathered in coleslaw and french fries.  It also had what I think was American cheese on it.  Now this sandwich under 9 bucks also came with two sides, and was big enough to feed two people.  

I know I have been here and have had really good food and then just some average or not so good stuff.  But there is still much to try on the menu and the bar and view make this place an enjoyable stop.  Not to mention it is within minutes of my work so throw in convenience.  One thing I am definitely not a fan of, is at happy hour they play music, like really REALLY loud.  You would think the place was packed with 20 somethings dancing like they are in a club, not the more mature crowd that actually is there.  I have asked several times for them to turn it down, to which they don't particularly like doing or will do just a very small amount.  Hey I am hip and all but when I can't hear my friends sitting right next to me in a place that has less than 15 people in it that can hold 100+ I tend to get a little frustrated.  Anyhow I suggest giving The Crow's Nest a try.  Some unique things to try and that view is just fabulous.Ǿ
As a party of 7 we expected to wait a little bit but this was the WORST restaurant I've ever been to in terms of service AND food.
They would not put tables together for us outside, which was a little disappointing but it wasn't a big deal.
We waited at least 30 minutes just for our drinks and another 40 minutes for our food. The place was not very busy and the waitress didn't even acknowledge that there was a delay...
I ordered the Philly steak wrap and home fries. The wrap was very bland but edible...the home fries were not. They were burnt to a crisp and had a very strange taste.
One of my friends ordered the sesame scallops and when they came out they were deep fried. It was disgusting. Who deep fries scallops?! She tried it and hated it. The waitress was nice enough to take it off of our check.
My Husband got the seafood bisque and didn't like it very much either.  When I was younger we went to New England every summer...so I've had it before. That was not so great.
Some of my friends liked their food (Buffalo chicken sandwich with waffle fries; burgers) but despite the food... for service alone I would not go back.Ǿ
We read reviews about poor service but decided to go anyway. When we arrived we were  told we would have to wait 25 minutes for an outside table.  We sat at the bar and waited 40 minutes. There were numerous empty outside tables available.  Once we were seated we waited for 15 minutes and not one waitress came by to take our order.  2 tables that were seated after us were waited on.  We decided to leave.  I spoke with the hostess and informed her of the poor service. All she did was apologize and said that I am sorry that happened. My friend spoke with a gentleman there who claimed to be the owner.  He said the amount of time that we claimed to have waited was not correct.  Funny how a timer set on your phone does not lie!!!!  Don't waste your time going here unless you have a lot of time to waste!!!!!  Should have listened to the reviews.Ǿ
I went to Silky's Crows Nest last night with a friend as it was a gorgeous day and we wanted a nice, outside ambiance. This hit the spot! The deck was gorgeous and the view of the marina was the best of the Allegheny.

However, there were several things that made our evening go downhill.

When we arrived there was no server to greet us and stood several minutes with others until someone took care of us.

My friend and I decided to order appetizers to share around 7pm. Chicken nachos, fried zucchini slices and waffle fries. 2.5 hrs later we still did NOT have our food and others around us did (even those who came in after us). This was absolutely ridiculous!!!!  I could feel myself fuming. 

I decided to speak to the manager on duty and they took one appetizer off our bill. For all the time we had to wait it should have been free! 

When the food finally came it was not even that good, but we ate it anyway since we were starving...Ǿ
Ok, the bathroom is horrible. Dirt and germs everywhere. The service is terrible. If you like being ignored and eating over cooked food-come here. Average wait time for a simple burger on a moderate night-45 minutes. They are also understaffed in the server department. Go eat in the woods before you come here.Ǿ
You're better off at Tavern In the wall or Nox Tavern. Don't waste your time. Service is spotty at best. Food is mediocre, dining room smells of mildew, and the waitress was very rude and dismissive when I complained about waiting for an hour for average food.Ǿ
Hate I wasted my money should have went to Qudoba food was not what i thought it would be at all they should have paid me to eat there. My friend said we should send it back soon as we seen the plates but chose not to. The chicken tastes like it was out of a can and water taste like it came out a hose. An the bathroom was filthy and had a putrid smell the girls were cute tho wouldn't go there again.Ǿ
This is the first time I've been to the Crow's Nest this year (2017) and the biggest change is the seating on the deck - not good. In order to squeeze in one more table, they've taken the tables away from the rail and moved it all back to the bench on the backside of the outer deck. It's not comfortable. It's not cozy. It's not private. Oh the food. They were OUT of burgers, out of salmon, forgot my appetizer order and the only other person outside with us was a boorish loudmouth yelling and horse-laughing about what a great person he was. But, the sunset on the Allegheny River was beautiful.Ǿ
Poorly run restaurant ...why 1 star? There is a nice view of the Marina and Highland Park Bridge. Took nearly 90 minutes to receive pasta dish. During the wait the server actually came over to table to see how we enjoyed our meal...she didn't seem concerned that we hadn't been served yet. Overall I felt no one really cared and it was obvious that management was apathetic to the diner's experience. I could go on but my advice is just don't patronize the place and they'll be alright with that.Ǿ
I booked an event two months in advance for a boat party of 110 people to dock at crow's for drinks and dancing. The night of the event we got held for 30 minutes up by river police due to fireworks at PNC Park for a Pirate game. 5-10 minutes from crows nest the manager texts me to inform me that they've decided to cancel the even because we were late, and they didn't want to be there past midnight. She also told me she didn't want to deal with a bunch of drunk people. While her patronizing presumptuousness frustrated me I assured her that no one was out of control and that we would cut our party short a half hour to accommodate her, and be gone by 12:30. They turned us away regardless. So after months of planning, and over $2K spent on chartering a yacht, we turned the boat around. A friend who sat at their bar awaiting our arrival told management that we were a well behaved crowd of young professionals who intended to spend a lot of money, but they held to their ignorant assumptions. He left disgusted. 

It gets worse...

The following Monday I go to the crows nest to retrieve my deposit check. A man approaches me and says that he is the owner, so I shake his hand and introduce myself, telling him that I'm the person that was supposed to show up Saturday for the party and was canceled on at the last minute. He instantly turns defensive and starts to laugh and say that he knows nothing about it. So I told him about our agreement and what was supposed to happen, and that I would like to get my deposit check back. He tells me he knows nothing about my check. After a few more words he expresses his disagreement about how I post dated my check. I thought he knew nothing of my check? At this point I'm furious and insist he gets my check. This is when he asks me if I know where I am and that I can't come into his establishment and disrespect him, which I replied "Yes, I know exactly where I am", and restated that I would like to get my check and leave. He tells me to "get the fuck out of here". I told him the only way I was leaving with out my check was if the cops dragged me out. He walked away still throwing obscenities at me then came back with my check lol.  Total scum bag.Ǿ
So happy we came to Silky's Crows Nest! My family wanted to try a restaurant on the water for a Saturday dinner and this was the perfect place! The restaurant seemed busy, but we got our drinks, appetizers, and dinner very quickly. Beautiful view, the food was delicious, staff was very friendly, and prices are reasonable. I would recommend this place  to anyone who is looking for a night out on the water in Pittsburgh.Ǿ
I have to downgrade the number of stars that I give Silky's. I hate to do it, but the bar service has really gone downhill. Over the past several months, I've been at Silky's several times for happy hour and the bar tenders have ruined my experience each time. I'm not sure what their problem is (especially the older gentleman), but there's really no excuse for rudeness and hostility. I can't in good conscience recommend this place to anyone, which really saddens me. :-(Ǿ
We had been to Silky's before mainly for family gathering with a good experience. Tonight we had 15 members of a North Hills club having a monthly dinner. We ordered at 7:15 & at 8:45 we had just gotten two of the soups that had been ordered. Seeking out the waitress she informed us it would be 40 minutes before our food would come out. We all got up and leftǾ
Pros: View of the river, accessible by boat

Cons: Dark, dingy interior, poor service and so-so food.

My first visit to the Crow's Nest was my last. My friends said to expect poor service but good food. They've dined there many times, but on this occasion were as disappointed as I. 

The vegetarian in our party was surprised that the grilled vegetable dish had been taken off the menu. The server assured her that the cook could make a grilled veggie wrap. Twice she emphasized no onions, but the wrap came riddled with so many diced onions, she couldn't pick them out. The server said the cook didn't like making the wrap, so she couldn't ask him to redo it without onions. So my friend ate fries for dinner. They did take the wrap off our bill, but acted like that was a big favor. 

I had a pile of wilted greens, probably from one of those big pre-cut bags, and a greasy piece of salmon. One in our party couldn't eat the clam chowder and said her burger wasn't that great. Another person only ate half of his sandwich. I know this is a burger and beer joint, so if you want to drink with a view of the river, you might be satisfied with the food. But you'll still wait forever and then the server will forget your drink, condiments, whatever. I think their attitude is the river location makes up for the food and service.Ǿ
I don't know that I would go out of my way to drive here by car to eat. If you're on a boat though you don't have many options other than Redfin Blues. Being that I gave Redfin 1 star this place gets a 3. Nothing fancy but the food was really good. The shrimp are huge and cooked just right. Burgers looked to be made fresh and the bacon was crisp. There were 5 of us and we all got something different and all enjoyed our meals. Service was a little slow. The restrooms are a little dirty and dated. The bar is nice and big with several games to play. It's a nice place to get better than average bar food and some drinks. We will be back soon