Favorit left me underwhelmed. We came here for Book Club in December and I suffer from a terrible affliction of being unable to resist ordering food if the possibility of doing so is raised, so order I did. It seemed a good opportunity at the very least to continue my search for Edinburgh's Greatest Eggs Benedict.

Well, that plan got scuppered pretty quickly when the waiter returned saying that they'd run out of Benedict Sauce. This told me two things: they don't make it fresh, and they don't know what it's called... so I am slightly glad I didn't experiment...

Anyway, I plumped instead for a salmon and cream cheese bagel and a pot of tea. The bagel was just fine. I could have bought the ingredients and made one for myself just as well for about a third of the price, but it was tasty and the bagel bread was nice and sweet, as it should be, with cheese squidging out of the centre hole. No criticisms there really.

The teapot, however, was badly chipped and stained right on the pouring edge of the spout. Being a timid Brit, I grinned and bore it, but it was pretty offputting.

Favorit's a diner-style caff, and it made a decent enough venue for our reduced numbers at Book Club, but it's nothing special. Situated where it is, I'd have thought it'd have to play a better game to get by. Come on, Favorit! I'll definitely come back to see if they're working on it!笑
A curious wee place.

Not my favorit place in the world.. (I am so sorry) but it's notable in its own right for the novelty of being open so late in a great location.

Why stroll up and down the streets post-midnight with a takeaway in hand when you can sit comfortably with some decent grub?

Something along those lines.

Nice welcoming decor with wine bottles all over the place and a varied menu.

A pleasant affair.笑
Favorit used to be one of my places to go for lunch, a snack, a coffee, or drinks late at night with some friends. And I loved it. But I think it's gone downhill since then The service isn't always great, and it's a bit pricey for what you get on your plate. I loved the old red and silver chairs that gave it a 'Diner' feel, but now they've got fake brown leather ones and it just doesn't feel the same. I'm sorry, Favorit But you're just not my favourite any more笑
This cafe is the best place I have found in Edinburgh for socializing with friends outside of the standard pub. The main attraction for me is that it is open until 3am and serves food until 2.30am. 
The menu offers selections of teas, coffees, fruit juices, smoothies, ice cream floats, beers and lagers, wine and spirits for drinks. 
Food is based on snack food and breakfast, you can order a full breakfast or cereal any time of the day along with sandwiches, tapas, natchos and cakes.


 Great place to study, spent most of the 4th year there.笑
Sigh. Ended  up going for lunch with some class mates after a very exciting lecture, there were about six of us so there were several different suggestions - Mine being Peter's Yard (I will go soon!!) but there were no takers and we ended up here. It is literally a two minute stroll from the university and apparently do a good breakfast.

We were really quite indecisive, but I must say the service still was not great. It was average. From what I could tell the one and only waitress was also making all the food - how is that ever going to be conducive to good service!?!? But the menu is extensive I will give them that, and I can see why you could be tempted to come when you need that little bit of breakfast grease to ease the hangover. Other than that I was not enthralled by what was on offer, it is just the usual. So I decided to have a chicken, chorizo and cheese panini and a strawberry milkshake. When me food arrived, I immediately recognised the potato wedges as these horrid frozen things they used to serve in a cafe I briefly worked in. They are just so salty, and taste processed and just not my cup of tea?! Panini was alright, a little dry, but I was hungry and it did the trick. Milkshake was nice and thick, but lacking a good strawberry flavour. 

So, to sum up, this place is fine. It is average. I doubt I will return as the quality is a little lacking and I begrudged paying at the end. Never a good sign.笑
Best for late night coffee or cerveza; quiet, somber but stylish.笑
I'm not angry, just disappointed. 
After being shunted at 2130 out of nearby pubs promising food until 12, Favorit seemed like a godsend. A fairly popular diner with not TOO over-priced food. I ordered a cheeseburger. Simple.
Now I've always been able to eat ANYTHING once I get past a certain point of starving. This is how I overcame my adolescent fear of oysters, and probably salmon. My fiancee likes to exploit it, forcing strong blue cheeses on me in my moments of weakness.

This cheeseburger changed all of that. 

I couldn't finish it. The bun felt stale. The patty tasted like a frozen 14p LIDL-special. The lettuce was wilted, and they'd pulled a geriatric tomato out of retirement to finish his days lying limply on the side of my plate. 
McDonalds won this round, Favorit. 

Your waitresses are nicer though. Two stars.笑
I came here once upon a time whilst looking for somewhere reasonably cheap and quick during a study break.  The first thing that struck me is the canteen-like interior, stainless steel tables and food on the floor. But I had arrived just after the lunch-time rush so I understood and forgave. 

I had a tuna nicoise salad, which was lovely!! My friend had a mozzarella panini, which she sad was a bit greasy but good nevertheless. My salad was £6 and her panini was £2.75, so it wasn't too expensive and I was stuffed all day!

It is in a great location for students, and great for those who just want a sandwich.笑
Favorit is one of those places that I seem to end up in for lunch/to study/for a drink and wonder why- while the atmosphere is fine and the staff are always friendly and good for some banter, the menu seems lacking- there are three choices for sandwiches, then soup, nachos and err.. That's about it really. I wish they would either do more food and be a proper cafe, or get rid of the food and some of the tables and become a bar.笑
Favorit is a place that I have visited almost every week in term time.  This emerged from a need for somwhere serving great food after 10pm, as somewhere I can roll into after an evening helping with a local children's charity, who I volunteer with on a weekly basis.  Favorit fits the bill, and I am gradually working my way through their awesome menu.

The food is the thing that keeps me coming back.  My particular favourite are the lunches, all served with potato wedges.  I love the quesadillas and the Spanish lunch in particular, and these are the ones I've had the most.  The nachos are also well worth trying.  They operate a student discount, and regularly have other deals going on.  Staff are mostly efficient, though there was one time where a drinks order was got nearly completely wrong.

A handy location right next to the University of Edinburgh campus means that Favorit was always going to be a student favourite (!), and it is no surprise to me that my friends are of the same opinion to me about this place.  It's the sort of place that once you've been there once, you'll struggle to think of any better alternatives!笑
Edinburgh has its fair share of themed Scottish restaurants and swanky cafe bars, so the tired look of Favorit's moody interior lured me in.

If a diner and a downtrodden cocktail bar had a baby, it would be Favorit. It has the dive bar quality to it but with a classier edge. I don't want to downplay how nice it looks because you can tell it is a place of quality when you step through the door.

It has long booths which are good for groups, and corners you can hide in if you're stopping by for dinner and an intimate canoodle with your better half. Its back bar is lined with booze and they do some nice white wines.

The menu is pretty standard for a cafe/bar - they sell panini's, wraps and snacky nachos. They serve up a few mains and a small number of veggie options. The food is decent and served well into the evening which is handy.

It's a nice place to dine and isn't as high maintenance as other places in Edinburgh, which is appreciated. With the house music thumping softly enough in the background to hold a conversation, Favorit makes a good venue for meeting your friends for a few drinks, especially during the week.

Although this place is like Marmite to reviewers, I have only praise. Since I don't stay in Edinburgh and only come through to visit friends, I guess I see its better side. Its broody exterior and tasty offerings go down well with me.笑
A restaurant/bar right across from the old medical School. I have only been here for lunch but I have heard it's bar and dinner options are a good night out. As for lunch it's a table service place so it can be a bit slow at times. The waitress who served us had had a bad day or was just generally fed up with serving students. There was a lot of choice for food but I wasn't all that pleased with the prices for what was on offer ( a sandwich for 6 pounds?!).笑
I once popped in here around 11pm during the Edinburgh Fringe with Colin as we were hungry and it was late and this place is open till 1am, or 3am on a weekend! 

It's a great place on warm summer nights, as the door and the windows all come away and reveal a nice access to the open air. It's a decent space with a good amount of tables. 

My only problem when we were here was that the food wasn't overly impressive and the staff didn't seem at all interested in working there or giving any sort of decent customer service. It's a decent place to go for food if you're out incredibly late, but aside from that I wouldn't rush here.笑
A group of us went for a walk on a grand spring evening around town, with the intention of ending at a cafe bar that's open for coffee, well Favorit fits the bill quite nicely. An interesting place for first time check-in and not a bad choice made by others in our party. Friends had raved about it and with thirty odd reviews in Yelp thought I might try and give it a go. 

Firstly it's a small Italian styled place so has that European vibe to it, they have city pictures on the walls, private booths to sit and quick service. The menu is quite extensive, granted you can get all day breakfast as well as typical nosh, and for some items you can make combos up as the menu states. We chose omelettes one with smoked salmon and cream cheese, the other with chicken. 

Food comes with fries and salad - though I wasn't impressed with either. The fries on a cold plate are not too pleasant to eat! Would it not be more beneficial to keep the plate heated right up until serving and include any green leaves as a separate side dish? That said the plate sizes were huge, I mean larger than conventional sized dinner plates(8-12").

I might go back again to try some other dishes to see if this was just a one off but will ask for fries and salad served separately or dropped. The friendliness of staff is ok,  and it's not too busy even around 8-9pm, means you can get a seat, also the omelettes were very tasty.

Favorit is also not very far away from the centre of town to walk to and competitive prices. £20-ish for two mains, one Belgian waffle dessert, two coffees, and soft drinks. I would recommend for people on a budget especially during high season or festival times.笑
Favorit was always a bit hit and miss - and it looks like they've ultimately missed - their Tollcross branch closed last year and the Teviot Place branch has been closed since the festival - originally I think with plans of re-opening, but they seem to have given up. Goodbye Favorit!笑
Busy and friendly, Favorit is nice and central and handy for anyone attending Fringe events. The menu was decent enough and I went for a safe bet of a cheeseburger and wedges (£8.90).

Sadly, the portion size wasn't too inspiring and the burger seemed to be of the supermarket frozen variety, with a handful of thin wedges sprinkled around it and some lettuce. The meal tasted OK, as you'd expect from that description.

Fast service helped the meal pass quite quickly, but I doubt I'll be back.笑
I've always been a fan of the in between a cafe and a bar stance, if it's done right, and I think Favorit does it well. Situated pretty conveniently on Teviot Place, near all the Grassmarket/Cowgate shenanigans, it's a good place to go to take refuge from the full on alcoholism of the bar scene nearby, if you're just in that mood where you can't be bothered. Favorit is that good happy medium, because you don't feel lame for sitting in a cafe on a Saturday night when you feel you should be partying, because you can still sit and have a good few drinks here.

Favorit has that icey, modern look going on, which works, and there is a range of pretty standard fare on the meny, like nachos, paninis and salads, which are always decent enough. Favorit is open until 3am on a Friday and Saturday - brilliant knowledge to have when you're wandering about at that awkward time between the pubs and clubs closing, when you fancy another drink, but don't fancy the hefty entrance fee at some of the clubs.笑
Back in the day, when there was more than one Favorit in town, you would tear a menu off from a stack of them handing from the wall. I can only imagine that the demise of the other Favorit (in Tollcross) is a result of this gimmick being retired. Nonetheless the original theme remains: a diner that's happy to pack people in and show them a good time.

I've eaten here twice in recent weeks, opting for the sizable burger each time and feeling happy as Larry with my selection. The meat is plentiful, the chips (on this occasion) crisp and chippy. There's not much else to deal with, although the little buckets of relish are a nice touch - the whole meal was nice presented in truth.

It would have been great if the waiting staff were a little more friendly, but they their job in an effective manner: we ordered, got our food and drink, paid for it and were in a good state to move on and continue the night.

Bring back the tear off menus and I'll give the place an extra star.笑
Having not been in Favorit for a while (in part I expect due to the refurbishment mentioned in earlier reviews) in the space of the last couple of weeks I've been in 3 times  twice in the wee hours & once on a weekend afternoon. I've had to rack my brains to see if my recollection of it was as poor as the current reality but upon reading the other 5 reviews here it seems things have always been ropey. Dealing with the positives first my French Toast with Bacon & Maple Syrup along with my friend's order turned up in good time after the order was placed, as did our paninis on the first of our 1am visits. Drinks were also not delayed. On the down side, however, our second late night visit saw us having to amend our drinks order twice (first due to there being no St. Helier cider & secondly due to there being no Rose) and the requested Nachos with no Guacamole but extra Sour Cream arrived with the green stuff & not the white as Sour Cream had also run out. They were therefore left untouched (they looked rather unappetising anyway due to the uber-orange cheese used in their preparation). Invisibility at time of the bill being required was also an issue. As an earlier reviewer points out they have a captive audience but this should really spur them to do the niche they occupy justice. 2-and-a-half years after my last visit here I took the decision to pop in last Friday around Midnight for want of anywhere decent that wasn't soon going to be kicking out. Nothing's really changed since 2008. Both my companion and I ordered Caesar salads and I also had a burger, having wrongly assumed my salad would be starter sized. The salads were of decent proportion but the chicken noticeably dry whilst the burger was no different from what I could manage to remove from a packet and grill myself at home. For some reason too my supposed mango shake tasted mostly of banana. Leaving the rating at 2 because you could probably still manage to sit here for hours and not eat without getting hustled out by the staff but I really must remember not to go here when food's required. Ended up here for food yesterday teatime (not my choice) and got the impression the place had changed hands. Service was good (we were the only customers for the hour we were there so they'd have been hard pressed to mess that up) but the Arabic wrap wasn't as good as some I've had from other places in town of late. 
Change of ownership thoughts were occasioned by what looks to be refurbished seating and the redesigned menu (see photo) which whomever quality controlled it before printing deserves the sack for  as well as the highlighted error it is riddled with 'serve' instead of served and offers 'Quacamole' as well as the commoner, non-duck Guacamole. Not something that creates a good image.笑
We went here on the eve of new years eve. New year's eve eve after some beers and in much need for food.

I had a (several) beer and a burger which was surprisingly nice! I say surprisingly because my companions nachos had arrived shortly before and these were decidedly lack lustre.  As had someone elses milkshake. They managed to do beer and coke ok though!

My "english" burger came with an egg and bacon and cheese. There were LOADS of sauces in a massive basket on the table which I approve of - however it does tend to warn of possible issues with flavour! 
the burger however was very good with gherkin and other accoutrament that I would expect from an average burger. The chips were rather undercooked however which was a bit annoying.

Neither compatriot finished their nachos, both of which looked fairly unappetising. 

So good: 
Burger - edible
Service - pretty and chatty
Beer - Wet, cold, had alcohol in it

Not so good:
No music - normally this wouldn't worry me. But it was oppressively silent 
Milkshake - avg
Chips -  slightly undercooked (at least they were fresh...)

All in all. fairly alright.笑
I remember nipping in here a fair few years back when I was visiting my pals who were at uni in Edinburgh, and being marginally impressed with the cafe / bar style of the place, and a particularly satisfying soup and sarnie deal they had going.

Nowadays, it looks a bit tired, the decor looks a bit cheap, and to be honest, after a takeaway coffee that was both expensive and as bitter as a member of the Tartan Army, it seems as if Favorit has left the glory days long behind.

Still passable, but in an area crawling with independant, unique places to drink and eat, no longer a big hitter.笑
Probally the worst Cafe in Edinburgh, the staff don't give a sh£$. The 2 staff members were obviously A Couple and were kissing and hugging behind the counter, soon after their mates arrived and stood right outside the Cafe and smoked and chatted with their mates not worring about the customers inside.


 I think they should removed the Very Dissapointing cakes from the Cafe, and their really cheap chocolate ice cream,


 Just a hint the the owner, if you want to serve something, quality is better than quantity, remember customers come back for good food and not rubbish.shame笑
Favorit is situated in an ideal location - just on the edge of George Square, the Edinburgh students playground, so is in a great location for students to pop in for their lunch or to have a drink in the evening. Favorit has a fairly standard menu for a cafe in this area of Edinburgh, serving sandwiches, panini's, toasties and salads. I have had the nachos several times which are tasty and well priced, just under five pounds. Favorit also serve breakfasts and do tapas style dishes which are great for an afternoon snack. My friend absolutely adores their coke floats and their milkshakes are delicious too and very filling. 

Favorit is fully licensed and has an impressive selection of different drinks behind the counter and does a delicious White Russian. Probably the best aspect of it is that it serves food till 2.30 am and stays open till 3am - a good place to grab some munchies on your way home from a night out. The service is generally quite speedy but if there are several tables full at one time it can get painfully slow.笑
Favorit used to be a really good place to go, but apparently it is now under new management (hence the refurb) and they are going to be closing earlier at nights. This kind of undoes the entire selling point of the place! You could get something to eat whatever time you crawled in - something a bit more interesting than a chips or a kebab at least!


 I've never been to the cafe before about 10 at night and by the sounds of things the day service leaves a lot to be desired. The staff were friendly the last time I visited but I have noticed once or twice that they weren't 100% on the ball.


 The grilled halloumi isn't bad with some humous and bread, but it does tend to be swimming in oil.笑
Favorit is decent. It's the kind of place you go if you can't be bothered to be surrounded by hoards of people. If you want to sit by the huge windows (which they keep open during the summer) and people watch while drinking wine at an inappropriate time in the early afternoon. 

But. Don't. Eat. There. They just don't make very good food. Again, I'm picky and perhaps even a bit of a snob, so for all I know, other people might love it. They do, however, make decently priced alcoholic coffees: for something between two and three pounds. You can get a shot of whiskey, baileys or sherry (and probably more) in a latte and it's terribly sweet but also terribly tasty if you're feeling terribly decadent. Terribly.笑
Went for a wee afternoon snack, pleasantly suprised.
Last time i came here with some friends I was dissapointed by the poor standard of the breakfast (cold, lacking substance, cremated bacon) but things turned out grand.
Had the 3 tapas/meze and a glass of wine for £9.99 thing. Well presented and nicely thought out food, again still a little on the tepid side. I also pinched some of the girlfriend's ceaser salad with spicy chicken, tasted really good.
Decor is very pleasant comfy seats, relaxing, fairly clean.
Service was fine, although I can imagine why people people have complaints about it as I can't see it being fast if there were more than 5 tables in.
Above average cappucino.
I put three stars because it was was enjoyable, three stars is a good thing, 4 & 5 are reserved for the great and exceptional.笑
Another festival favourite of mine, Favorit is a fabulous place to guzzle shakes and cakes at any time of the day.


 Coffees are great and always useful when needing to get some sense of the world after a heavy night or when requiring a late night boost as it's usually open til 3am and sells booze. One downer is that the food is a bit pricey for what is essentially mostly sandwiches.


 It's got a modern retro look and is generally a cool place to hang out. It was closed half-way through the festival this year with no explanation which was a bit odd so I don't know how it's faring these days.笑
Live review taking place

I'm out and about in Edinburgh on one of the first sunny days of the year, I'm pimping my burgundy chinos an blue blazer (not the pub) and hunger has taken over, I start to get grumpy, and the rain begins - panic sets in, I need croque monsieur or eggs benny, only one will satisfy me. I'm half way home and I see Favorit, passed it a thousand times and never even blinked, quick check of the menu, breakfast until 2... Sounds like my kind of place.

1250 and it's quite quiet, a few other tables in, I'm welcomed and seated, order an OJ and a double espresso and eggs benny. Drinks come quick and the coffee is pleasant, not as fresh as it could be, but relatively smooth and it packs a punch. OJ is standard.

Food arrives within ten minutes and its a surprise. It's £5.95 for this dish, but I still get two eggs, and they have used bacon instead of sliced ham, which is fine by me. The odd thing is there is a huge salad, a bit pointless really. Eggs are over poached so no runny yolk... And so much hollandaise sauce, a bit of a waste really. If this wasn't so cheap I might be offended.

It's still raining outside, and I'm done, bill is in hand, £10.10 , so for a 30 minute experience, yeah it was fine. 

Good price point, a pleasant surprise, I would like to come back here late at the weekend to have some drinks, I think it could be quite cool, anyway at £10.10 it's 10 out of 10 for value for money, but it's not set my world on fire...笑
This place is, well, average. Two of us made a snap decision to eat dinner in here after a particularly good Fringe show. The town was mobbed and Favorit looked reasonably busy but not packed, so in we went. 

We sat next to the deli counter, so cling filmed cakes eyed me for the duration of my meal. The staff were pleasant and reasonably prompt so no issues with the service. 

We ordered the veggie burger (£8.20) and the cheese burger (£8.90). For that price I was expecting a good-sized plate of reasonable quality food. 

Dinner arrived reasonably quickly and the portion sizes were not pathetic, which seemed to be a good thing. However, both the veggie and meat patties were of the frozen variety, and the bun was a sesame seed effort straight out a packet. The wedges were frozen and the salad was a sprinkling of iceberg with two lonely looking olives cast adrift in the middle of the sea of cheap lettuce. 

The food filled a hole, but both of us remarked that we wouldn't eat it again. Especially since it was the better part of nine quid each. Scandalous what eateries can get away with charging, especially during the Fringe! For out of the packet fare, I'd rather just spend £2 at Iceland and make it myself...

I pondered a dessert, but saw that the cakes were, like everything else, out of a packet. Slices were cut off of a large Costco type mother-ship of icing, and then scooshy cream and squeezy dessert sauce was applied as a sort of pressurised bottle garnish.  Eurgh. Not for me! 

Still, the food was hot and palatable and it stopped our tummies grumbling. Go here if you're stuck and you need food pronto, but there are a lot of much nicer independents in the area so give them a go first.笑
When we came here during the festival for a quick bite to eat and a drink before a show, we ended up having to leave before any of our food arrived, after having to wait for a half hour only to be told our sandwiches wouldn't be ready in time for us to leave.


 What a nightmare!


 I hear it's quite nice here actually, but needless to say, we left disappointed.笑
not sure if they had milkshakes before they closed for refurbishment but gutted that they didn't when they opened up again. a diner-style place like that MUST have milkshakes. i need milkshakes in my life!! :)笑
Went here for a late-ish meal with 5 friends in between Festival shows. Was really hoping for some straightforward, tasty food to keep us going and were happy to pay the price for a bit o a feast. A few of us ordered cheeseburgers, for £8 something you'd hope to get a pretty decent burger with plenty o trimmings. I went for the lamb moussaka at the best part o £10.


 The burgers were thin, cheap, probably frozen ten minutes earlier slabs on a bun with a thin layer of grated cheddar, accompanied by a pitiful 'salad' and a few (maybe 12?) small potato wedges.


 Lamb moussaka reminded me of a Tesco Value microwave lasagne, with few bits of potato, and the same pitiful accompaniments.


 Overpriced and hugely disappointing food.


 On making our complaints known we got 10% off the bill, but that was nowhere near enough to remove the sour taste in our mouths.


 Will never return to Favorit.笑
Where else could you go in the centre of the Old Town for a milkshake, piece of pie or burger at 1.30am? Y'know, like the old school american diner style. Favorit it seems.

I think this is its main appeal to me. It's slap-bang in the middle of Teviot Row, just opposite the Meadows, near the Grassmarket and only 4 minutes from the Royal Mile. It's got that diner-feel with the booths, but a bit more upmarket than a greasy-spoon style diner. Nice decor, warm interior and friendly staff.

I haven't eaten here and can see a few other folk weren't overly impressed by burgers and the like. But, as I said, if you're in the area and need somewhere to come for a coffee or a piece of pie at 1am, like they do in the movies, perhaps after an all-night study session at the library, or as is current after a late-night Festival show, then look no further. For that, I like Favorit a lot.笑
Oh how I wanted to rate it higher, but I just can't!

Went here with a groupon for wine, nachos and fajitas. We were the only two people in there at 7.30pm on a weeknight. I'd been here before and it had been busier then, but just for drinks late at night.

Firstly, the service was fairly poor. We had to go up to the bar to order drinks and food, despite the fact that there were more members of staff than customers in. When the food was brought over I had a visibly empty glass, and the waitress didn't notice/ ask if I would like another drink.

Secondly, the food itself was average and filling. We each got our own portion of nachos, with generous toppings. The guacamole and salsa were the kind you buy in bulk in a massive tube, not fresh. But it was filling, so hey! The fajitas were fine, but we had to share little portions of salsa/ guacamole/ sour cream/ cheese so had to use sparingly!

Finally, we tried to square up the bill, but the waitress had poor understanding of English, and didn't understand what we'd asked, but chose not to find out. Therefore we had to go up to the bar and ask again.

All in all, no ambience, neglectful staff and average food. If I fancy nachos anytime soon I'm going back to my beloved Teviot library bar over the road.笑
I ate here with a friend for lunch the other day, even though neither of us had eaten there before, but it was certainly a good spur-of-the-moment decision. 

With the exposed brickwork, dim lighting, and lots of dark wood and chrome, the place has an immediately laid-back yet fashionable vibe to it. You can take your pick from one of the window booths, or for large groups there are several long booths towards the back (which keeps the noise away from the rest of us... a definite Plus in my book!)

My partner and I decided to go for the 3 For £8 tapas-style small dishes... although small they definitely were not! I had ordered a bowl of soup and my partner a portion of nachos to go with the 'nibbles', and despite our best efforts we simply couldn't finish it all! 

Although the dishes differed slightly from what was advertised on the menu (the mini toasted ciabattas with sun-dried tomatoes, parma ham and mozzarella had no parma ham and had brie instead of mozzarella), all of the food was delicious. My favourite of the 3 For £8 had to be the grilled teryaki chicken breast kebab skewers - they came served with flatbreads and generously drizzled with tzatziki, and  the pieces of chicken were enormous.The nachos, unlike so many other places, were absolutely bursting with toppings and the soup was piping hot.

I've also had breakfast here too once before - the granola served with fresh fruit and yogurt is a great way to set you up for the day, and at only £2.95 you can't really go wrong.

Favorit is fully licensed, I spied a whole range of spirits and wines behind the bar, although in the end my partner and I opted for draught beer and cider. This would be my one criticism: a pint of Strongbow cost more than the granola breakfast.

All in all though, this place very quickly became one of my regular eating out spots and by the looks of it I'm not the only one.笑
DISCLAIMER: I worked here for six simultaneously awesome and horrible months.

------------------------------

Need a drink or food after 1AM?  
Not in the mood for a club or chippy?

Then this is the place for you.  Great snacks and peckish meals to get you through the night.  

While I was living in the UK I was on a constant search for mexican food and although nachos aren't strictly mexican, Favorit does them right.  That alone is enough to make me continue coming back.  Just the right mix of melty cheesy goodness and salsa/guac/sour cream.  Tastes like the states!

Everything else is decent (not amazing), however the quality tends to wax and wane depending on who is behind the counter.  Sometimes you'll have the best latte of your life and other times you'll get a glass of burnt milk.  Sometimes you'll have cold soup and sometimes you'll wait 30 minutes for a pint.

But sometimes it is 2 in the morning and you don't care.笑
Years ago, when I was at school, my mates and I used to come down to Bristo Square to ogle the skateboarders and smoke fags (we were a classy bunch). After we'd had our fill of ogling and smoking we would head over to Favourit for a panini and something to drink, I thought this place was the dog's bollocks. Remembering my happy times here back in the day, I suggested having a bite to eat here with my boyfriend. It was not a good idea. The décor is exactly the same as it used to be, so the places looks tired and in need of a bit of sprucing up. The waitress was really unfriendly and unhelpful, service was slow and she didn't smile once. We had planned on having something to eat, but after sitting down and being ignored, ended up only having a drink. If this place is going to survive, it really needs to make a few changes.笑
Favorit is the worst cafe I have ever been to in my ten years of living in Edinburgh.


 First we had to change our order three times because they didn't have what was one the menu. Then my husband was served a beer that tasted like cleaning fluid. When he proceeded to run to the toliet, neither the waitress or the manager was concern.


 We decided to stay because we had order food - this was a big mistake!


 We were served cold French toast and Beligum waffles and had to wait another ten minutes for our other order.


 When I went to pay I told the manager that I wasn't paying for any of the drinks my husband had. She started to agrue with me saying 'there was nothing wrong with the product'. Once my husband came over she decided not to charge us for his drinks - but we left paying £16 for 3 portions cold food, feeling sick and very unhappy.


 Beware of Favorit. There are loads of good cafes in the area, that cheaper and actually care about service.笑
The prices are quite steep for the poor quality of drinks. I still go anyway because it's conveniently located near the uni笑
I used to really like it in here but everything seemed to go downhill after what seemed like a suspicious management change. I love the diner style interior but it is hard to let go a bad experience.

First of all, I hate waiting to pay, come over here and take my money.
Second, the guy who looked like the manager dished out the worst cafe customer service I've ever experienced. Walked over, on his mobile, tilted the phone away from his ear and said to me and my mother "yeah?".. Oh right! We were supposed to order ok... So we ordered from him like we'd interrupted his conversation about getting new trousers or something, at least we got one word the first time he was 'on the other line' when he dropped off the food, still on the phone - keep in mind, it wasn't busy - threw our plates down on the table one at a time (obviously the phone hand could not be used for anything else) and walked off.笑
I personally think the only good thing about this place is the late night drinks license without clubbing house music! Drinks are expensive for the area, food isn't great, but hey,l it's open at 2am, and you can actually talk, got to be worth something right?笑
Favorit is next to the University on Bristo Square. It is a cafe/bar open until late for those late night bacon butty cravings. It's a decent size cafe and they do a killer hot chocolate. They also do child-sized portions for your kids. This place is popular with students and if you're looking to avoid them then steer clear of here after 8pm. The decor is pretty nice though, with checked floor and mirrors alongside the tables so you can fix up your lippy. In the windows you can sit under the neon signs and look moody, if you're so inclined! You can pick up coffees and sandwiches to take away, which is always useful to know.