The wine selections were great.  The space is lovely.  I had the spicy shrimp, very good,  the chicken satays --- not so much.笑
If indigestion is your thing, then this is the perfect place.  

Every restaurant is a price vs value tradeoff.  Lager and Vine fails.   We went there on a Saturday night.   

Ambiance:  The place is dimly lit but not in a cool way.  It's just murky.  

Service:  the best way to describe the service is "absent."    The place wasn't particularly busy, either.  One good thing:  the waitress did try to subtly warn me about the pork tacos when I was ordering but I misunderstood what she was trying to tell me.  Afterwards I regretted it.

Food:  a big fat zero.  "Gastropub" means we're going to explore some gastronomic delights and have an excursion into some new territory.   But not here.   

We had the Onion Soup which was okay not great, and that was the best item of the dinner.   

We also had a huge but flavorless Wedge salad, slathered with high-calorie creamy dressing.  Calorie bomb with no flavor payoff.   The sauce tasted like it was straight out of a jar.

For main dishes I had the pork tacos.   What I expected was smoky-sweet pulled pork in a rich brown sauce with tender textured pork.  But what I got was massively disappointing:  thick slices of fatty pork that had been stewed until it was bleached white and flavor free and had the texture of a sponge.   It was gross, and I suspected that eating it would lead to acute gastrointestinal distress later.   I ate it anyway.  It did.  Avoid this dish or you will be ill.     My guest ordered the shrimp and scallop scampi.   No fresh seafood, no briny seafood flavor.  Just huge rubbery shrimp straight from the freezer into the saute pan never tasted less interesting.  

I honestly can't think of one positive thing to say about this place.  They do have a lot of choices for drinks but even those are presented in a needlessly confusing way.   For instance the menu lists a lot of interesting draft beers, but then the waitress tells you that they don't have any of those and instead she reels off a long confusing list of obscure beer names that they happen to have on draft.  Confusing.笑
2 for $40 Mondays! 1 Appetizer, 2 Entrees and 1 dessert all for $40! They also have 1/2 off bottles of wine on Mondays!

Our waiter was great and had a lot of personality. They offer Happy Hour throughout the restaurant (not just at the bar) which I happen to love. We were able to do the 2 for $40 deal as well as happy hour! Wahoo! We ordered the Lager and Vine House Chips and the Cheddar, Spinach, Beer & chorizo Fondue as appetizers and there was plenty to share between 3 of us! I ordered the Farmers Market Salad, French Onion Soup- both were delicious. My sister and dad had picked the 2 for $40 and their entrees were the Butternut Squash Ravioli and the Texas Sirloin. The ravioli was just okay, I have tried better at other places. The dessert was a Chocolate Chip Cheescake. 

I will visit again maybe on Taco Tuesday or Wednesday for all day happy hour.笑
My husband and I went here for a date night. When we arrived our server greeted us promptly and my husband informed her, "I want to get my wife liquored up tonight" and that was the beginning of the end...  The pomegranate martinis did exactly what my husband asked.  Our server said the pork chop was the most popular dish and it was unbelievable.  I'm not a big pork eater but it was good stuff.  I don't recall what my husband got because I was too enthralled with my pork chop...oh, and I was drunk on those pomegranate martinis.  We really enjoyed our evening at Lager & Vine and we eagerly await returning!笑
Such a great place. All the food is great and the service is always top notch. One of my date night go to places for my wife and I. However it is kid friendly. Lobster bisque is one of the best I have had.笑
I live in Hudson and this is one of my favorite places to eat!  
This place has its own parking.
I love the decor inside.  The dining side has the barn wood walls done in a modern flare.  The bar side has brick walls and industrial modern light fixtures.
The staff is super friendly & great at giving the run down on the food.   
All the food is good!!

The lobster bisque is good as are the salads
The firecracker shrimp app is a must! My fave!
And it's not breaded, and spicy food!
The chicken/bacon/mustard sauce sandwich is great.
The pork tacos are good.
The ice tea is good.

Highly recommended!笑
I always have a good experience at Lager & Vine. The service is unbeatable, the food and drinks always taste great, and the prices are reasonable. 

My favorite thing on the menu is the Farmer's Market Salad, and I normally hate salads. The dressing is so good - I may have eaten a little before I remembered to take a photo :-/ 

We tried two of the cocktails - El Diablo and Gold Rush - both delicious. They also have a pretty extensive wine selection and a long list of craft beers on tap. 

There is also a rustic, sophisticated ambiance that's classy yet casual so it's perfect for a date night, happy hour or relaxed dinner with friends. I've also seen a space in the back that looks like it's usually reserved for private parties.笑
Reading these 1 to 2 Star reviews of Lager & Vine make me wonder if I'm living in some parallel universe or if my fellow neighbors of Hudson are too cheap and / or don't appreciate or understand good "Cuisine".

As of August 16, 2012 my wife and I had become official residents of pretentious white-bred Hudson, Ohio.

After living the previous 20 years in the Washington, DC area, one of the things I dreaded about our re-location to the Buckeye state was the lack of world class food, which one can find on almost any street corner in our Nation's Capital. We had been making pilgrimages to the Hudson area, twice a year for nearly 20 years, to visit my wife's family, and had typically - no actually always - left the area disappointed due to the lack of quality dinning. Bland and average or worse; seemed to be the status quo.

20 years of disappointment changed when we stepped into Lager & Vine. 

It was a Saturday night, Lager and Vine was packed with a deep waiting list, yet, we were greeted with an upbeat smile and offered a cocktail at the bar while we waited. We declined, and were seated within five minutes of arrival. Not bad considering we didn't have a reservation. 

Our waiter was friendly, and gave a thorough overview of the nightly specials and returned immediately to deliver the bottle of wine we had ordered. 

Gone was the old drab "stuck in the '70s" interior of the Reserve Inn...and the once famed Leo Salad. Lager's new fresh and open ambience was something akin to the world famous Palm or Sam and Harry's steak house. The waiters dressed in the typical black and white, could be distinguished from the two people running from table to table who were dressed casual... obviously the owners...which is always a good sign. Successful restaurants tend to be a dedication of love and hard work - lots of it. 

The first thing that impressed us, was the menu selection. Dear Ohioans, real restaurants,; the ones you read about in magazines or see on the Food Network, typically don't offer everything under the sun... instead, they offer a limited amount of dishes, yet those dishes are prepared with the upmost talent and culinary flare.

The portions were moderate, another key to fine dining; allowing room for other fare during the course of dinning. This is not an Applebee's or Red Lobster where the idea is to shovel as much pre prepared Sysco food in your gullet as you can. 

The food was rich in taste and left us wanting more. Tidbits to share started with four soft pretzels served with a delicious  spiced stone mustard sauce...Ahi tuna carpaccio that was extremely fresh, ready to be dipped in a pineapple salsa, and a chopped wedge salad that wasn't watered down, like you can unfortunately find at many places within walking distance of the Vine.

Being from the DC area, Maryland crab cakes served here surely wouldn't be able to meet the standard we were accustomed to, but surprisingly we were wrong. The cakes overflowed with delicious blue crab meat, lightly breaded, minus any skimping with fillers, accompanied with a side of lightly spiced roasted sautéed corn. Our other entree, pork tenderloin almost fell off the fork it was so deliciously moist  and tender combined with a maple glazed sweet potato gnocchi with brown butter and sage. 

The wine and specialty beer list here is extensive and very reasonably priced. 

If you want excellent cuisine, in an atmosphere where you can dress up, down or casual, all at a very reasonable price, Lager and Vine is a hit.笑
Without question, five stars. If I could give them six stars I would. Very reasonable prices, huge variety of both food and drink. We have always had excellent service here. In fact, ask for Jennifer if she is working. Can get a little noisy sometimes, but totally worth it. I recommend the salad that has the grilled shrimp on it, the crabcake is amazing, and the scallop tacos are the best.笑
Is there a way to choose fewer than one star?

What an awful experience at lunch there today... it took 40 minutes to get our food, and after ordering a grilled cheese with no tomato, my client received a burnt remnant of a grilled cheese that had clearly had the tomato imprinted and then removed from inside it

It looked picked over and burnt. Thanks for helping me make a nice impression on my client!

And those burnt potato chips sort of sucked. Three out of four us disliked them. The other guy admitted to liking "burnt chips."  Seriously, no substitution available for them? Waitress said, "Sorry, you gotta order one of these salads."

And in case you missed it during the remodel, the men's bathroom is by the side door. It could use some attention. GASTRO PUB FAIL.笑
I've been here several times and have never had a negative experience. I usually sit up at the bar-service is quicker there. Bartenders have all been great-friendly, quick, knowledgable about food and drinks. I've had beer, cocktails and wine here. All great.

Lobster bisque is the best soup. I love the tomato mozzarella salad. The salmon tacos are good but not the best ever--but I ate them all! I also got a salmon salad once. Delicious.

Overall, it's a nice place to come grab meal and relax. I can't say anything negative.笑
I generally do not write reviews as negative as this one. We have been to Lager and Vine three times...not by my choosing. The food is not creative or of high quality. 

Lunch ruined by inedible tacos. Low quality stale old el paso flour tortilla shell, extremely questionable salmon, and runny terrible liquid they call a sauce. Dinner ruined by terrible runny fondu and overcooked steak. Couldn't even use the crusting to hold the fondu cheese as it was like water with chunks of unseasoned beef floating in it. Steak was sliced and cooked over well with little taste. Best item we had all meal were the pretzel bread sticks and mustard and they looked to be pre made.

Beer list is not extensive. It is overpriced as well. Enjoy.笑
Went to the bar and stayed for dinner.  Great place for drinks food and conversation with family and friends. I enjoyed the salad I had, fresh cool and  crisp lettuce. I'll go back again!笑
My husband and met my family here yesterday.  They were here the week prior and gave it rave reviews! I had never heard of the place before as I'm not too familiar with Hudson businesses. We made 5:00 reservations so that we could take advantage of the happy hour specials, part of which included a choice of four $5 tidbits to share. Luckily there was 6 in our party so we got one of each!  We enjoyed the L & V house Chips, Asian spiced chicken satays, bruschetta, and an order of pretzels. They were ALL fantastic and I'd recommend each one!  One of my personal favorites were the yummy hand cut chips. They come topped with gorgonzola, bacon, garlic and scallions-quite possibly the best house-made chips I've ever had!  I was also WOWED by the pretzels!  Incredibly soft and fluffy with 2 dippers...one a spiced stone mustard and the other a cheddar ale sauce. Both were delicious additions. (I noticed a prior review bemoaned the lack of a beer-cheese dip....well, they have it now!)
For my main course I went with the tomato basil flatbread. Everything tasted so fresh!  The crispy flatbread came topped with beefsteak tomato, basil, mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese. Also appearing on our table were the Chorizo Mac & Cheese (OMG YUMMO!!!!), wild mushroom ravioli, scallop tacos, and the lemon roasted salmon. I sampled everything except the salmon and, as with the appetizers, I would recommend everything I tried. If pressed for a favorite I'd have to say either the tomato basil flatbread or the chorizo Mac & Cheese.  
I'm not a dessert-lover. I'll usually just go with a glass of Port. Unfortunately, I didn't see a Port on the wine list. I probably should've asked. Anyway, it didn't matter because those delightfully fluffy pretzels made an encore appearance at our table...this time covered with cinnamon and paired with a creamy bourbon dipping sauce sidekick!  I COULD DRINK THE DIPPING SAUCE IT'S SOOOOOOO GOOD!  
The beer selection at Lager and Vine is phenomenal!  There's something for every taste! I particularly enjoyed the Troegs Dream Weaver Wheat Beer, it had a wonderful citrusy finish. I also LOVED the Dogfish Head Midas Touch. This is an ale crafted with honey, grapes, and saffron. Holy Grapes!!!! Not overpowering but definitely there!  I can't WAIT to have another!  While the beer selection is fantastic, the wine selection seems to be slightly lacking.  I would like to see more Shiraz or Shiraz blends. As I noted before there also seems to be an absence of Port.  That being said, it's not enough to take any stars away from my experience!   
The service was quick and friendly!  We reserved a high-top table for the ease and comfort of my mobility-impaired Dad and they were very accommodating!  Our server Kahley was knowledgable and made us feel very welcome there!  
There are so many other dishes I'd like to try at Lager & Vine....and I'll have an opportunity to do so this Saturday!  My family plans on meeting there again!  Looks like we may have a Saturday tradition!
.....I noticed some less than favorable reviews had been posted. I'm not sure when Lager and Vine opened, but maybe those diners' poor experiences could be chalked up to new business glitches?  
Go to Lager & Vine!  You won't be disappointed!

Update!  Our second visit was as great as our first!  Fast, friendly service and awesome, knowledgable beer suggestions!  My husband and I split the pretzel app, which was as delish as the first go-round. For dinner, I chose the pulled pork tacos while my husband ordered the Maryland crab cake. Both were phenomenal!   Yes, we WILL be back!笑
Poor service.  I got steak sandwich and the steak was delicious, but the rest of the sandwich was lacking and it was not worth half the price paid for it.   Overall, was hoping for better, but was disappointed.笑
I made a reservation an hour before we went to the restaurant. I was disappointed to be sat in the middle of everything at a circular table even though I made a reservation. The waiter was sweet and the food was pretty average. The actual acoustics were very loud. I'm sure the bar is great for happy hour etc. I will give this place another try since it is close to our home and the food was decent but I wasn't blown away by anything in particular.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants! I have never had anything here that I didn't like. The soft pretzels are one of the best appetizers. I think the small plates are even a nice size for dinner after having an appetizer. There is a nice selection of beer and wine. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food that you are getting.笑
So, I've been a few times and can say that, for Medina, they are damn good. Their tacos are surprisingly filling and creative in their pairings, which works well, and especially so with the shrimp tacos: they're a little bit spicy, and come packed with a lot of flavor to round out that spiciness. You have the option of fries or tots with these, and--please, get the tots! You only get five, but they are five big, honking, flavorful tots that you shouldn't miss. For apps, if you order the artichoke and red pepper dip (and yes it's good, so do), be sure to ask for the accompanying pita chips WITHOUT the sugar... Yes, they sugar the pita chips that come with this savory dip. Why? Dunno. Save yourself and your server the hassle by fixing this error in advance! Then settle into some tacos and a very full bar at one of Medina's best.笑
Good variety of beer options, not so much on the wine side. Small plates and appetizers are yummy - Cliff the owner is a nice guy!笑
Pub chips, sweet potato waffle fries, and berry lemonade martini were all great!  The downfall was the IPA braided pork tacos...fat, melted cheese, avocado, and corn.  All that and no flavor=almost throwing up.  I would come back, but will NOT be getting the tacos again.  Nice ambiance and plenty of parking considering it's downtown location.笑
Had a reservation at 6:00 PM on Christmas Eve last year with my family and had a 90 minute wait for the food. When the food came out it was cold. We talked to the manager and he never apologized, and that was it. We decided to give it a second try this Christmas Eve, and this year was no different. Drinks took 20 minutes themselves and dinner took an hour and a half. When my grandfather told the manager, the manager argued with him and said the order only took 20 minutes. She continuously talked down to my 75 year-old grandfather. That manager should be fired IMMEDIATELY. Unfortunately, I believe the manager is the owner. So that won't change. Not to mention, the waitress was extremely rude and she got some orders wrong. She made rude comments and blamed us for her inaccuracy. 
We will never be back. Service was awful, food is good.笑
Lager and Vine was OK... definitely nothing special.   I hate pub chips!  I hate salads where they hand me 1/2 head of lettuce and I have to cut it!  It was expensive and mediocre...not a great combo.   I will give it a second chance, just to be fair, but I'm scared.笑
In short... good service, mediocre food, prices on the higher side... probably wouldn't return.笑
One of our favorite Hudson Spots.  Can be noisy but servers at so happy and attentive.  They work to help me with my non-dairy diet.  Hoping they will evolve with more options on menu for vegetarians.笑
Great dinner tonight in Hudson. We normally go to Medina location which is equally good. Can't beat happy hour specials..burgers, salads, salmon always great笑
I really wish this place was good.  I want it to be good.  The atmosphere is nice.  The beer selection is pretty good.  The service is good.  The wine selection is sad.  The cocktails are not well crafted and the ones I have tried are nothing special.  Unfortunately, the food is very disappointing.  The menu selections sound good, but the food is bland, under seasoned and lacking in flavor.  It's the sort of food you get at Chilis or Applebee's, but not as tasty.  The pork tacos, which are supposedly braised in IPA for 24 hours, were mushy and bland.  They are tacos.... And they have absolutely NO spice or flavor.  The tomato and basil flatbread was overlooked.  The lobster bisque was also bland and needed salt and spice.  I'm really surprised the place is still open with the quality of the food being what it is.  It's unfortunate.  Go for a beer..... Do t go for dinner or a cocktail.笑
The food was not as bad as people say, it's OK but not great.  The service was good and the people where friendly. The prices are not that bad considering the area.  The fondue is good choice.  Had the lobster bisque that was good lots of lobster in it.  Also had the wedge salad the dressing was just Ok.  It was a good light dinner.  My wife had the harvest salad she said it was Ok.笑
Lobster bisque was outstanding! 
It was a little dark inside,  but nice atmosphere.  Our waitress was very nice. 
The mussels were cooled to perfection.
The craft beer left a lot to be desired! 
Very short list of them and most not very good.  I would have thought with Lager as the first part off the name they would have had a better selection.笑
Eh.. That's my lasting response ..really the nothing new and exciting route they took on the concept of the place but decent atmosphere all revamped from the last place reserve inn... So I'd compare to maybe turners mill type of food but only the bar choices.. Just ehh笑
This place is awesome .. Great food, great service .. Excellent vibe .. Lots of cool food to try ... Great owner .. Only issue is it isn't in Solon where I live .. Love love love it笑
Yes!  The actual list and description of beer is now available with information on the breweries on another page.  Thank you!   Great Lakes' Rye of the Tiger on draft - perfect.

Friday night dinner this time. Rotating menu means new things to try.  Service was outstanding again - attentive without being cloying.  I agree with other reviewers that the spacing of the tables in the center aisle means regular, though accidental hip checks by guests and staff.  Since there were just two of us, I switched seats to get out of the lane.  The back room was nearly empty; it would've been good to space people out a bit.

Food was very good this time - filet/asparagus/brussels sprouts for me, double chop/mashed potatoes for my husband. We shared the chorizo fondue.  The food is just shy of excellent - each dish had something that took it down a notch - the asparagus was overly salty, as was the fondue, even adjusting for chorizo and cheese as the main ingredients. Menu descriptions were a bit off:  the pork chop was described as being an apple bourbon "glaze," but it was served like a gravy and there was quite a puddle of it and it made the mashed potatoes more of a sweet puree.  On the filet side, which was served perfectly medium, it was described as being served with a "cabernet reduction," but it was actually more of a glaze or thin coating.

I'll be back...hopefully with a 5 star review next time.笑
I have been to Lager and Vine three times over the last two years. I want to like the restaurant but always leave feeling let down by the quality of food, service, and beer list.  Poorly executed "gastro pub" offerings. I have tried pasta, fish, and last visit tacos. I went with tacos because of the flowery and powerful writeup on the menu. the worst taco I have ever had. Old el paso soft shell and contents that seemed like they were emptied from a gas station borrito. I laughed when they came out. I thought they would be safe. Two small tacos also way overpriced.笑
We came here for a late dinner on a Tuesday night. The place wasn't extremely busy, but it was roughly 8pm. Our server was extremely pleasant and attentive, always made sure our glasses were never empty. The menu was not overwhelming, but still has plenty to choose from. I had the crab cakes, which were pretty tasty. They say they are topped with "lime butter", but this was more like pats of butter with twisted lime slices on top. Also, the bed of roasted corn, cherry tomatoes and asparagus were pretty bland. My boyfriend has the triple smoked burger, which he liked even though it seemed a bit small in size. 

Overall, I would probably go back to give it another shot. Maybe for happy hour drink specials instead. But, it's not someplace I would add into my dinner rotation very often.笑
The atmosphere is relaxing and romantic.  The food is always delicious and we always enjoy a good glass of wine and a great selection of craft beers.笑
This place is pretty bad. When renovating the space they did a great job on the decor, and was hoping it would carry throughout. Unfortunately, that is where it ends. Food is below par. Service is below par. Was hoping it would be a great gastropub, but it is lacking.笑
Great menu selection, drinks and service.  Very consistent - every time we visit it equally as great!笑
Cool atmosphere. Good service and beer selection. Above average food at a fair price.  Be sure to get the pretzel appetizer.笑
I really want to like this place but it just doesn't ever seem to hit the mark.  I was there recently with 2 friends, and we were seated in the bar area about 8:45p.m.  NO one came over EVER.  In fact, you could tell the servers wanted to wrap it up for the night.  Most of them were hanging around the bar talking, and at one point one of them looked over at us and went back to chatting with her co-workers.  We waited 18 minutes and left.  As we walked past the hostess stand (and the hostess that seated us) we told her that no one bothered to wait on us and she just looked surprised but said nothing.  Super customer service---NOT.笑
Excellent wine and food; great ambiance and service; nice patrons to chat with at bar.
We had salads and flatbread and both are superb!!
This is our first visit and we came during happy hour.
One of the best bar restaurants in Hudson.
We will be back笑
The food was good, but servings were small and the prices were high. My husband and I spent almost $100.00 on dinner, and left still hungry. I was tempted to go to McDonalds on the way home, but after spending that much $$$, it was now the principle of the thing - I shouldn't spend that much and still be hungry. 

My husband said the beer was good. And our server was very nice, offered helpful recommendations, and kept our drinks refilled. And the atmosphere was attractive and clean. 

But I can get a huge (and delicious!) burger for $7.00 at FlipSide across the street and be full and satisfied. And no, I don't work for them, they just have great food.

So, we won't go back. But it was really busy in there, so it seems they're not hurting for customers who don't mind paying a lot of $$$ for small plates of food.  Which is good for them .... They're a local business and I hope they do well. Seems they are filling a market in the area. So ..... That's all I have to say about that. 


:)笑
Went for lunch with two friends and ordered the L&V burger ($10) medium with the tots.  Burger was very well done, tots (5) were greasy and unseasoned.  Beer selection of mostly local craft beers was better than average but over-priced (even for Hudson).  Gastropub?  The L&V has a long way to go: basically bar menu/food with over-priced drinks and very average service.  There are a few better places very near this location you may want to try first.笑
great place for lunch for us.  Siting in the bar area is very casual.  Great service and very low turnover of staff, this is important b/c they get to know you and make you feel comfy.笑
I just returned from dinner at the Lager & Vine in Hudson with a group of 20 ladies from church. What a disaster!  I just had hip replacement surgery and walk with a cane, but couldn't locate a handicapped spot for parking. The dinner took over 2 hours from the time that we sat down until we received our checks. Dinner consisted of only beef strips and mashed potatoes, without any vegetable. Wednesdays are noted for their wine specials of $4 each, but I was charged $8 for a glass of merlot. We had to ask for rolls & butter, which didn't arrive until we had finished eating dinner. I wanted to post a comment on their website, but all there is on the "contact us" page is a link for making reservations and one for a newsletter signup.笑
Been here twice now and both times it's been very very good. Seems like they've done a good job of keeping most of the regular customers of The Reserve Inn while still freshening it up for a new crowd.笑
This place gets a really bad rap and I'm not sure why. It's pretty underrated and I'd definitely recommend trying it before you knock it. 

A pleasant atmosphere, I'd say it leans more towards a restaurant with a bar in it than I would gastropub.

I think ultimately what turns many off is the pricing. The food is delicious, but really for what you are getting it's pricey. We ordered the chicken satay skewers for an appetizer and they were yummy, but for $9 we got around 5 pieces of chicken that were very tiny. 

For entrees me and my husband both opted for tacos, he chose the IPA marinated pork and the voodoo chicken for myself. You have the option of fries or tater tots and we both opted for the tots. For $10-11 we both got two decent sized, filling tacos. Both were delicious and we both enjoyed the meal.

Some of the "big plate" entrees sounded really good, but were way out of the realm of what I would be willing to spend at this particular restaurant. I just don't know that any place that is serving tacos and burgers has the right to also have a $35 steak on the menu, or other accordingly priced entrees. 

We were lucky to be here during happy hour, where our app was $4 off and our drinks $2 off. We both agreed that we'd love to come back another time, but that unless it were happy hour it wouldn't be worth it.笑
Food was ok.  Atmosphere was very warm and comfortable. Went there with 2 other couples, we were seated and waited for over 15 minutes to be asked if we wanted a drink (unacceptable). My friend ordered a hot tea, when it arrived he had no silverware, sugar, cream or napkin.  Overall the experience was ok, but we dropped a wad of money and got poor service.笑
Went for lunch and it was as awesome. Great food and very fairly priced for the quality笑
We have visited a couple times and I think that's all we have in us. Unfriendly servers who make it clear they don't want to be there, forgettable food, and a meh atmosphere. There are plenty of other excellent gastro pubs in the area that are more worthy of your wallet. Go check them out instead.笑
I've been here many many times.  Staff is always friendly and accomdating!  Food's been outstanding and we always bring guests to our home to Lager and Vine for dinner.  We are proud of it and happy to have it in our backyard!  Come visit and see for yourself :)笑
The service is decent, food seems limited and overpriced. Definitely not a traditional  "gastro-pub". Overall, the restaurant has a "awkward" feel...uncomfortable...rushed...etc 

I didn't hate the food, but felt unfulfilled for the price.笑
Absolutely delicious food! Our service was fantastic!! Definitely a place we will visit again!笑
I've been to Larger and vine 3 times in the past year. The first time we went we left hungry and spent $75+. How is that possible? We had food preferences (grain and potato free)  They gave us a little more vegetables but the portion was very light.  The second time was for a social event held in their back room. The appetizers were fine. Not great, not bad, just good enough. Tonight we decided to try again. My husband took me in for my birthday. We came in later, about 8:30pm. Ordered some fantastic Malbec (Julia, Argentina) and the chorizo fondue (pretty good!) both came out pretty quick. Then we waited a good 15 minutes to order food as our server was nowhere. I flagged him down to place an order. I got the pork chop, my husband got the hanger steak. Literally 45 minutes later we got our food. We have no idea what the server was doing all that time. My Brussel sprouts were amazing! My pork was shoe leather, the hanger steak tasted like delicious beef jerky but not good hanger steak. In the nine years my husband and I have been together we have never sent anything back to the kitchen. We usually just choke whatever it is down and move along. Tonight we couldn't. I will say the server was polite, apologetic and took literally everything off our bill, which was so nice. We didn't ask for a replacement meal as it was then 9:45 and they were closing in 15 minutes.  I'd love to love lager and vine but they need to invest in their chef and their service. The menu is great as is the atmosphere but the execution is a swing and a miss.笑
Been here 6-7 times since it opened. The drinks are good and the food is okay but overpriced. 
The service for dining is awful. Each time I've been here, the servers were rude and acted like they had better things to do than wait on our table. In each case despite ordering at least 2-3 rounds of expensive drinks and multiple dishes from the menu, the waitress will rush everything and generally provide impolite, unpleasant service. I've lived in Hudson since 1996 and unfortunately poor service and inflated prices for mediocre food are the norm here. 

My advice: come here for a drink or two and sit at the bar. Don't bother with the sit down dining experience. Neither the food nor the service will justify the price.笑
I have been here about 10 times and the food is consistently good! The salmon salad is to die for (and I am definitely a salmon connoisseur!) The atmosphere is inviting and the staff is on point. Great lunch / dinner / drinks spot!笑
Stopped Friday 9p to celebrate parents 61st wedding anniversary  wonderful service our server remembered things and recommended wines and beers.   Sister ordered salmon salad and brother n law a burger  I had ordered risotto which was delish with a glass of sauvignon blanc   fiance had pork tacos and tots and really enjoyed and two micro beers   parents had micro beers and shared appetizers of homemade chips and warm pretzels  love this place笑
$7 for a pint of Thirsty Dog Barktoberfest. That's right. Obscene. Now that I've got that off of my chest I think I should be able to ramble my way through this review.

This review is from my first visit to Lager & Vine. We had attempted to go to the one that was located on Medina square only to find out that it is no longer. We made the treck out to BFE Hudson from our warm Cleveland confines to see what's the haps at this gastropub. The general consensus? It was pretty good. Allow me to elaborate.

Definitely an older crowd. Granted, we tend to eat around the time of the Gray Hair's Gathering (that's 5 pm) so this probably had something to do with it, but it was skewed 50+ during our visit. The ambiance is dark, boothy, small bar meets urban bistro. They've gone with some reclaimed wood on the walls to compliment some brick and whatnot. I dug the feel. Laid back upscale? I dunno. You get the gist. They should probably not lower the lighting so much given the age of their clientele.

We were greeted by a very friendly server within a few minutes of being seated. It was just at the tail end of Happy Hour, 6-ish, so the post-work crowd was well within its denouement. Speaking of happy hour, they've got a pretty good one. A small selection of apps is $5 and you get $3 off all draught beers and all bottles are only $3. Unfortunately it only runs until 6, so you're gonna have to eat early.We did manage to get our app and a couple drinks in just under the wire. Nice comfy booth. Pretty loud in the bar area, but cozy.

Let's check out the drinks list. Definitely a wine bent. Specialty cocktails, yadda yadda. A quaint draught beer offering, 8 taps if memory serves, with a smattering of Ohio brews amongst some tasty regionals. Horrendous pricing faux pas aside (seriously, $7 for a locally brewed 6% beer?!) I managed to find an adult beverage to sate my thirst. Tröegs Sunshine Pils if you must know. They've also got a bottles list with something like 40 or so different beers, most are yawn-worthy, some gems if you know what to look for with most under $5. Just don't come here hoping to get your craft beer organ stroked by an expert.

The food. Let's hit on some high points first.

The sides are way bigger than you'd probably expect. We ordered a side of red pepper risotto and brussels sprouts and both were big enough to serve a table of 4. You've been warned. 

You know me. I'm something of a soft pretzel snob. These soft pretzels were OK. Your standard stick variety, buttered and salted served with cups of honey/stoneground mustard and beer cheese for dipping. They did seem like they were frozen and looked a little shriveled and sad, but still, solid as far as pretzels of their ilk go. But back to the brussels sprouts. These were among the best brussels sprouts I've ever had at a restaurant. Bite-sized, perfectly roasted, covered in butter and chunks of bacon. I could have made a meal out of them for sure. Even if you don't think you like brussels sprouts, get these. Just be careful. If your guts not used to ingesting copious amount of "The Sprout" you may be in for a surprise later.

The red pepper risotto was a bit overcooked. Sticky and thick, but tasty nonetheless. Gordon Ramsey would have had a shitfit if he saw this. I'm just sayin'. We next head south of the border for a pair of tacos - Dr. Pepper Braised Pork soft tacos to be more precise. The innards were fresh and well seasoned. Tender pork (got some chewy, fatty pieces in one of them) and fresh veggies. The Sriracha sour cream added just a touch of heat. Oh yeah, and the fries that came with the tacos were delicious. Super crispy, coated with some kind of tasty seaoning. A definite winner.

My wife got a bowl of the SOTD. Some kind of tomato, chicken broth based bean-y variant with pasta and cheese in it. She really liked it. I wasn't blown away. Putting mozz or provalone cheese on top of hot soup just doesn't work for me. Sticks all over the spook, pulls out of the bowl. I know. I'm high maintenance. 

I guess I wasn't all that taken with our first date. It was all good, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't memorable. Although I think I will remember those brussels sprouts for sure.笑
Criminally underrated on Yelp. Had an incredible pork chop - juicy, thick cut, great Brussel sprouts. Everyone else in my party enjoyed it as well.笑
Overall: Good, but nothing stood out to make us want to return.  

Food: 3 stars.  Sounded good on the menu, but the food was average, except the french onion soup was very good.  The shrimp and scallops with wine sauce was average at best.  The steak dishes were small.

Prices: 3 stars.  The entree prices were good at $20-$25.  The beer prices were fairly high at $6-$7.

Customer Service: 3 stars.  The server was pleasant, but we waited about 20 minutes between receiving drinks and the server returning to tell us the specials and take the entree order.

Atmosphere: 4 stars.  Solid indoor and outdoor seating.笑
In my opinion, this is the best happy hour bar in Hudson.

No pretense, changing beer list, banging soft pretzels.

I recommend the chorizo fondue, and the pretzels with their great mustard.

Excellent date spot.笑
Tried this place again last week.  This time sat at the bar.  Had a wedge salad and the CA chicken sandwich, and a couple pints of draft beer.  The bartender was nice and the salad was fine, but the chicken sandwich was kind of blah.  What really kills me is $7.50 per pint for a POC pilsner.  I've tried this place twice now and won't go back - not worth the money笑
Not sure why this place has bad reviews! Happy hour all day every day except Wednesday - I got a wonderful glass of Cabernet with my dinner for $5!! I got the lemon salmon salad and added avocado. The salad was delicious and refreshing and the salad dressing was the perfect add on (I'm not a fan of salads so it takes a lot for me to enjoy them). The service was great as well, our server was very attentive. We found ourselves comparing this place to the rosewood grill down the street however, the ambiance was better in my opinion, more comfortable.笑
The service and the fondue appetizer were good but everything else was a little off. The chips were missing something. The squash ravioli wasn't crunchy but it wasn't soft either and it was missing a sauce. Got the cheesecake and it came out a chocolate chip cheesecake with a melted blop of whip cream. And the restroom stall was one of the smallest I've seen. Nothing was bad but also nothing was great.笑
Sat at the bar for a Thursday night dinner.  Bar was not overly crowded and the normal dining room was loud.  Our bartender was friendly and attentive.  Nothing overly special to note, which is both good and bad.

As for the food, we really enjoyed it.  My dish was the double pork chop with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes.  Honestly, it was delicious.  It was, but many a little confused.  The apple bourbon glaze was a bit liquidy and honestly was more of a stew, but it worked with the potatoes.  The portion was gigantic and the chops were done as requested.  GF went with burger and hash browns, and the hash browns were definitely not the ore-ida variety.  It would have been nice to know this up front, but over all she enjoyed her meal.

Beer selection was good, and included craft beers, as you would expect with a beer in the name.  We'd probably come back to try one of the specials.笑
I was so excited to finally go to Lager and Vine! We made a reservation and invited some friends to join us for date night.
 I feel bad writing this review because I want nothing more than for local businesses to do well.... this review is not good...
They did a good job decorating the place. The tables are a little crowded. Every time a waiter/waitress walked behind my chair they would hit it with their hip because there wasn't enough room to get by. The first couple of times it wasn't too bad, but when it kept happening all night it was just down right annoying.

I ordered a Cabernet and a Pinot Noir from their wines on tap. They were served at a perfect temperature but the wine was not very good. After having 2 tasters I just ended up ordering something that looked familiar from their wine list. 
I have to say I was disappointed with the wine list... it just wasn't very good for  a place with "VINE" in their restaurant name. And my husband who is a beer guy, thought the beer selection was just ok.

We ordered a couple of appetizers. We had the soft pretzels with mustard and the scallop tacos. The pretzels were super fluffy and buttery and delicious. I wish these would have come with some beer cheese on the side, it would have been perfect!
The Scallop tacos were the best thing I had all night. The scallops were cooked well and very tasty.

For dinner we ordered:
Lobster Ravioli- My lobster ravioli came with a cream sauce and veggies. The Ravioli was not fresh. It was Buitoni grocery store refrigerated pasta at best. If they are not going to make it fresh and charge 20 a plate they should at least serve Fresh Local Ohio City Pasta ( which is delicious). The cream sauce was just ok. The dish came with about 6-7 ravioli  and some steamed broccoli.. the dish was tiny and not very good. It wasn't even hot. it was luke warm.

My Friend ordered The Shrimp Scampi, which she could only take a few bites of because it was over cooked and rubbery. Her husband had the burger and he said that was pretty good.

My Husband had the BBQ Chicken flat bread which was ok. I have had waaaaay better flat bread at Rosewood grill.

For Dessert, I had the cheesecake.. It was not very good.

Our waitress never removed dirty plates and cups from our table or refilled water unless we asked. She wouldn't bring fresh glasses with new beers or wine.
Our bill was almost $200 and it was so not worth it. I would have had a better pasta dish at the Olive Garden.
 There are so many other fantastic restaurants in Hudson with Fresh Local food. I will not be back to lager and vine and I definitely don't recommend it. Go to Downtown 140 or One Red door instead.笑
An excellent dining experience, the food & service were first rate.笑
What a great restaurant! The hostess and the waitress, Amber, couldn't have been more accommodating. And the food! Fantastic! From the pretzels and cheese appetizer and bruschetta appetizer to the dinner special which was sliced sirloin cooked perfectly and scampi on an argula and spinach salad. I will definitely return and tell everyone I know about this wonderful restaurant!笑
Ambiance , yes ! Food just Ok, pricey place for barely making th mark.Service SLOW and just a little friendly, like sorry I bothered you ! For a good cocktail their bar is fine but, I can get a great burger or steak at Moe's on the River located in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio.
T. Dean
Hudson, Oh笑
My wife and I have dined at L&V twice since it has opened and have had excellent experiences and food each time (I don't understand the other low ratings here).

On the most recent dining experience, they have switched over to warm bread, which is a big improvement over the cold bread being served before that was impossible to spread butter on.

We have found both their Cab and Chardonnay house tap wine and found them to be decent quality.  

Both times I got their small plate filet over mashed potatoes.  I paired them with a side of mixed steamed veggies.  Both times it came out excellent.  In fact, at my second dinner, my wife ordered the full sized filet and asked for it to be served over mash potatoes just like the small plate.  It also was equally as excellent.

The home made pretzel dessert is great; warm, sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and with a dip that is similar to icing on a cinnamon bun.

My wife has also gone there for lunch with her girlfriends and had an equally good experience as dinner.

Currently, L&V and Rosewood are my two favor mid-tier Hudson restaurants.   I've recommended others and they have enjoyed it as well.笑
Unfortunately, we had 2 different steaks - the hanger and the sirloin, both were just poor cuts of meat , over seasoned, prepared out of a menu from 1990. The only thing that tasted right was our beer , the American ipa. I would not bother eating here ever. Run away.笑
I had been here before for drinks and decided to try dinner with my boyfriend. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed. Incredibly slow service (took them over ten minutes to get a waiter to our table and 15 for water, and about 45 to get an appetizer!), and mediocre food.  Brussel sprouts were nearly raw, and the tacos where mostly taco shell. Then, our waiter disappeared, and we waited with empty plates for a good 15mins. Plenty of better options in Hudson!笑
I came into town for thanksgiving with a large party of 12. Everything was great. I don't give 5 stars out often but after seeing this place get 3 stars I thought it was fitting to give credit where credit is due. Even the pretzels for apps were great. 

The only point to work on would be the seasoning of the tots. Season the insides too!

Don't listen to the people who complain on beer prices. They're local beers so you have to pay more than Bud Light. 

Great experience.笑
This place is very hit and miss. Sometimes I go there, and I can't wait to go back to try it again. Other times, it's just OK. I will say to be careful when you sit inside because it can get very loud in there when it is crowded ... the place just doesn't have good acoustics at all. Last time I went, we took advantage of the good weather and sat outside, which was nice. I just wish that the view wasn't 303. The service was great though, so that was a plus. I got a side salad to start and then the BBQ chicken flatbread, which was a little burnt. I've had better. But this won't detour me from trying there again another time. The sangria is also great.