Hubby and myself just ate here for the first time and were gloriously happy with the entire experience.

The atmosphere is fabulous and staff are very attentive and welcoming. 

I began with the zuppa of the day which was a potato and leek soup which was amazingly creamy and delicious with a smoked duck relish that added a perfect amount of pop and saltiness. Hubby started with the arancini which were delightful with creamy mushroom centers and crispy exteriors.

Next I ordered the sea bass special which came with an arugula risotto. The sea bass was perfectly cooked and seasoned and the risotto was creamy, seasoned just right, and came with some lovely veggies. Hubby ordered the halibut special which comes with a peppercorn and panko crust. The halibut was gorgeous and came with a divine heirloom tomato, fennel, and orange salad. 

We then had to try two of the desserts. We shared the chocolate raspberry tartufo as well as the chocolate torte. Both were beyond words and delectable. For the chocoholics - definitely order the torte! It is incredibly chocolatey yet not heavy and light as air. So worth the extra calories. Oh, and the desserts are house-made.

The menu is definitely pricy but for a great experience and superb food, do try Sarpa.笑
Very good Italian restaurant, a bit on a pricey side. I really liked their wild mushroom and goat cheese crostino. My husband had octopus carpaccio, he loved it. As a main dish we both had lamb chops, they were good but not great. And there was nice creme brulee to finish the meal. The service was a bit slow, but the restaurant was full on Sat night. The waiter was very apologetic for the delays with food and had a good sense of humor. I would recommend this place for birthday or anniversary celebrations.笑
Slowly making my way through the fine dining restaurants around Aurora/Markham/Richmond Hill areas.  Sarpa was definitely one on my list. Had a birthday celebration dinner with my family here last night.  The place was very cozy and definitely a nice place to come with family and kids.  To start off, they served us warm toasty bread that was very flavourful.  I had the sea bass fish fillet and it was very good  - perfectly grilled served with mashed potatoes and vegetables.  My mom ordered the lamb chops and she said it was delicious.  I also had a tasting of my daughter's dish, creamy chicken mushroom pasta, Pici Toscana which was very tasty.  However the other 2 dishes my family ordered, the veal parmigiana and the beef tenderloin was only okay.  Throughout the evening, the service was excellent and we had a great time.  We will definitely be back.笑
I came here with my sister and we had a wonderful experience! I was really hoping to have the sea urchin pasta but they took it off the menu and only put it as specials once in a while, I'm going to have to find out when they'll have it back on! 

Wine selection was a bit limited, but everything was great and service was great as well :)

I'll be coming back soon!笑
My only complaint is that they don't have menu items that are reasonably priced for those that want something light and quick.笑
I joined this website on the sole purpose to tell everyone how amazing the food and service is at Sarpa. My girlfriend and I go to Sarpa once or twice a month and never had a bad meal or bad sevice.  I think we have tried everything on the menu and loved it all. Sarpa is fine dinning at a reasonable price which makes it the perfect comfort restaurant. The owners always finds the time to mingle with the patrons. We love this place and I cant wait to go back next week.笑
What can I say.  We had an amazing experience at Sarpa.  I came her to celebrate my son's first communion.  I had never been to this restaurant, but was highly recommended by one of my co-workers.  I was very pleased and impressed.

The staff was great and accommodating.
I would definitely recommend this place & come again.笑
Great food and atmosphere, so glad I made time to visit and have dinner. Our server was very personable and answered the questions we had about some dishes thoroughly. 
In regards to the wine, I wish there was more of a selection. 

I will definitely be going back for dinner :)笑
Excellent food! And fair choices for vegetarians as well! My one of the favourite place for food in the Area!笑
I love Sarpa! I go there every couple of weeks and its always been great. The food, staff and the wine is wonderful (I HIGHLY recommend the caesar salad). I'm glad we have such a nice restaurant north of the city, since Aurora is lacking right now.笑
It is indeed awesome!!!  Although the waiter got my friend's entree order wrong, he replaced it no questions asked.  Our waiter was very helpful and pleasant.  The food was truly delectable.笑
Sarpa is a sister restaurant of Terra and my family and I wanted to try this place since we loved Terra so much. At first glance, this restaurant was nicely renovated and we knew before hand that the prices were going to be slightly lower than Terra. We had high expectations for this place considering how Terra exceeded our expectations. After our dining experience at Sarpa, this restaurant did not meet our expectations and this place has gone to our list of "restaurants to never eat at". 

Don't get me wrong, the people who work here are really nice. However, two of their waiters displayed incompetence. One waiter who brought the appetizers wasn't holding the plate well and as a result, some olive oil fell onto my mother's handbag. First of all, this restaurant is a $$$ restaurant not a cheap $ place. It is expected that waiters here should be trained properly and SHOULD NOT be that careless. After that horrifying experience, we had to move our jackets and bags to another corner in case the waiter will drop something again. Also, after finishing our appetizers, another waiter came to take away the plates. This waiter was clearly holding too many plates in his hands and dropped a knife. I mean he could've came back a second round to clear the table. Furthermore, when they were bringing the entrees to the table, the waiters came in at an awkward angle to put the plates onto the table. This is how accidents are bound to happen. Both of the waiters were apologetic but these guys need to be trained again. This kind of behaviour at a restaurant with this price tag is unacceptable.

Onto the food. It seems like everyone on this Yelp page consistently enjoyed the food at Sarpa but not me. Maybe it was one of their bad days but if it is, then it was a really BAD day. We ordered the grilled calamari, black tiger shrimp, grilled veal scaloppine, Angus beef tenderloin and their salmon entree special. The grilled calamari didn't have much taste and the black tiger shrimp was drenched with sauce that did not taste good. Though the shrimp was fresh, the sauce ruined this dish. The steak was super burnt and was definitely not "medium rare". The veal scaloppine also included some type of spaghetti that had a hard texture and did not taste very good. The spaghetti was mixed with Chinese vegetables and the vegetables were very bitter. When vegetables are bitter, this means the vegetables are old and not fresh. The presentation for the veal scaloppine was horrific. It just looks like they dumped a lot of spaghetti on one plate and did not care. The only good entree was the salmon. Also, the bread that they give to you in the beginning was good. But I did not come to this restaurant to eat just good bread. Based on this experience, their high prices are definitely not justified. 

I think I'll just stick to Terra from now on.笑
great food. Amazing taste. calamari for appetizer is highly recommended. enjoy ...笑
First time at this restaurant, it was pouring when we got there, the staff was very tentative and made sure we don't slip on the wet floors, they opened the doors for us and quickly set us down. We went on a Tuesday night and it was pretty quiet. The atmosphere is very romantic, which was perfect for our night out! It was our 1 month as a married couple and this was the perfect place to celebrate. The food came pretty slow though, almost 20 minutes before it arrived. The portion of the food was pretty small to what I am used to. The food was a bit pricey. I am not sure if I would come back here again. The food is good, but maybe not for that price. 

The atmosphere is also for an older crowd.... I would say 35+.

I would rather go downtown for a nice Italian restaurant. Something more fun and hip.笑
Sharpe is with the same owner as Terra.  We went early because we had a small child.  The service was very sincere and thought.  The bread was much liked by everyone and the ended up packing some for us to go.

The calamari grilled is terrific, the fries were good and not found in a lot of places.  Lamb chops were cooked to perfection.  The squid pasta is very unique as it has a spicy note to it.  Desert was good as well and very classic authentic Italian.笑
Sarpa is awesome! It is located in Oak Ridges.. yes that's really really up North for downtown people... even for me this is an area that I hardly visit. But it really worth the drive for me if I have the cravings for some good Italian food and great services!! 

The deco is elegant and warm. Most furnishing are in dark mahogany wood. The lighting is dim and is kind of romantic... great dating spot. 

Sarpa has a daily menu specials or you can pick from their regular menu. We decided on: 

Organic Arugula Salad ($13) though pretty good, but didn't wow me, skip! 

Veal Parmigiana ($24) is one of the best veal I ever have! Pounded really thin and lightly breaded, surprisingly tender and favoured.. oh and the melted Buffalo mozzarella ! Delicious!! 

Linguine Frutti Di Mare ($28) has really fresh seafood, all cooked perfectly with a light touch of tomato sauce. 

Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Gelato ($10) was so heavenly... I love warm chocolate sauce and cold gelato..........and finished off with assorted fresh berries!! 

Sarpa has the nicest, cleanest and the nicest smelling washroom facilities I ever been to!! Even Ritz Carlton's washroom is no match to this place! 

Sarpa is an awesome restaurant to bring a date or even having dinner with your friends.... I can wait to go back!! BTW, they have lunch specials too!! :)笑
The owners of Terra restaurant expand into north Richmond Hill with the Spirit of traditional Italian Ingredients with the 'americano' twist. I've heard and waited patiently for this place to open. I will be the first to tell you, definitely worth the wait. A great experience from beginning to end. The staff is friendly and served everyone in the restaurant with a smile. The food is perfectly seasoned, flavours are clean & fresh giving you that home cooked feel.

Will I return? Yes!

Recommendations:

Fried Calamari
Beef Carpaccio
Pumkin & Veal Raviolini
Lamb Chops with Polenta & Lemon Zest
Mushroom Risotto
Creme Brulee

Wine ~ Chianti Classico ; 119 Clemente Tuscany 2008笑
A top restaurant north of the 407. Strong menu of fish, meat and pasta.  The gnocchi in mushrooms was rich in umami flavours. The fish trio was well seasoned with the tuna making the best impression.  The fennel and rockets salad paired acid very well with the fish.   A lava cake for dessert with port and a latte left us with a complete experience.   The best attribute?   The service.  Outstanding wait staff and perfect delivery of each course.  Could use some more wine options by the glass.笑
nice environment and decor, looks classic and fancy.

Went on a Wednesday for a friends gathering and was quite empty.  We were the youngest group there.  Our server had a poker face and she seemed absentminded, or did not know her things well enough.

Ordered Grilled sea scallops ($19.95) as an appetizer.  Fresh scallops grilled to perfection.

Yukon potato gnocchi, pan seared 'Terra Style' ($23.95)

Risotto was ordered but they did not have risotto which I thought was really weird and offered to use the same ingredients served on rigatoni.  The same price as the risotto (quite unreasonable).

Casarecce Arrabiatta $16.95

verdit: The entres ordered were small and salty.笑
Food and services are good, but not seating comfortably due to too close to each table around笑
Visited Sarpa this summer and it wasn't the first time.  We've been dining here since it opened.  We had our dinner on the outdoor patio this time and it was a wonderful summer evening and surprisingly no problems with insects.  Romantic and intimate spot with impeccable service, it never disappoints.  We had a fresh plate of oysters to start off with and they were fresh, abundant and served at the right temperature and with the perfect sauce.  Service was prompt, the staff is very professional, courteous and friendly.  Our dinner was excellent and the portion sizes were perfect.  I ordered the fresh fish and it was perfectly filleted and the taste was out of this world.  I can't recall having such great food, service and ambience on a consistent basis.  It's great that we can find  somewhere to have a wonderful meal without having to go downtown! We found the pricing to be reasonable for the quality and service we received.  It's also a great place to drop in for a drink at their indoor bar.  Good music and ambience and we always look forward to our meal.  Highly recommend.笑
My all time favourite restaurant! Whenever I go to Sarpa the food and service never disappoints. Everything is always perfect. If it's your first time, you need to get the gnocchi terra! It is the best thing I have ever eaten.笑
I had been when they first opened and it was ok so did not go back . Friends of ours with amazing taste said to give it another try and we were not disappointed . The apps were delicious I had the grilled calamari to start excellent just the right amount of heat and very tender. The pasta that my wife had cooked to perfection and delicious sauce . I had the bison . I have had bison quite a few times which is difficult to cook. It was excellent ! Best bison rib steak I ever had ... 

I was truly impressed ! Only thing that prevented 5 stars was the fact that they had a very loud party in the room next door ... Which was a no no on s Saturday night !!

Service excellent as well ... I will be back for sure to support our local excellent restaurants ...笑
Came here for Valentines Day with my husband. We came a hour earlier than our reservation. The staff was very nice and got us a table early. The food came out quick. We had a great experience and will be coming back.笑
One of the best restaurants in the area. The food is amazing and so is the service. 

Ingredients of the highest quality cooked to perfection. 

I highly recommend the homemade tiramisu. It's not always available but if it is...indulge! 

Pricey but not overly costly due to the quality of the meal!

2 thumbs up!笑
Ok, who would ever think such a good Italian restaurant would be hidden away in an Oak Ridges plaza? My Dad and I stopped in while passing through and we were pleasantly surprised. I had the kale salad and the polenta fries (yummy) and my Dad had the veal, which I think he inhaled. The staff, the food and the price were all great. We were very happy and excited to find a new great place to dine.笑
What a fantastic experience we had at dinner at Sarpa for a special occasion. We had enjoyed the food before at its somewhat stuffy sister restaurant, Terra, but found Sarpa to be warm and inviting.

The restaurant was clean and service was outstanding. The food was perfect. Lots of parking a perk of the drive north.

We started with the warm mushroom salad (with arugula, balsamic and ricotta) and the seared ahi tuna (a special). Both we would definitely order again.

For mains we had the potato gnocchi and short ribs. The gnocchi was huge and my thought was that I would pack up half to take home, but it was so incredible that I shamelessly ate the whole thing. Next time I will ask them to pack up half before they bring it to the table. The short ribs were also enjoyed.

I had read here that the desserts were homemade so we had the exceptional lemon tart and delicious creme brûlée. 

We will definitely return.笑
The food was okay but definitely over priced for what your getting. I seen it said it was good for kids but there's not much selection for children #nokidmenu Plus I feel like I can't really enjoy enjoy meal since everyone else here looked like they came for a high end childless meal. So if you really do want to try it out leave the kids or bring a great entertainment unless your kids have indoor voices lol. The food also was a bit of a wait. Nice vibe and atmosphere.笑
So yummy ! Lovely  staff , ambiance was pleasant, and of course food was simply delectable ! Good to know they are down the street !笑
Came here for my birthday on a Tues night and it was a pleasant experience.

Note: their menu has changed - so their online menu is no longer up to date.  This was a bit disappointing since I really wanted to try the zuppa di pesce.

For appetizers, we had 2 dishes:
1)  the grilled calamari - a bit chewy and over charred, I don't think I'd order it again  
2) polenta fries - delicious and hot!

For mains, we had:
1) Spaghetti - I changed the pasta from linguini to parparadelle - the pasta was delicious and the shrimps were large but slightly overcooked.  The sauce was creamy but a bit too heavy.  
2) spicy ckn and mushroom linguini - the noodles were very al dente.  Again, the sauce was very heavy.

Service was amazing!  The servers were quite attentive and I got a bday tiramisu from the restaurant.

Overall - I felt the ambiance and service was great, but the pasta was a bit too heavy and overwhelming.笑
An awesome experience in Italian Food.  The decor of the restaurant is great.  Everyone that worked in the restaurant was very welcoming and the food was great tasting and very fresh.

We had:
Minestrone Soup
Veal Parmigano
Penne Arrabiata笑
3.5 stars! Good Italian family restaurant in northern Richmond Hill.  I've ordered the calamari, steak and scallop dish. Calamari was great, the scallop dish was excellent, but I was a little disappointed when I went for the second time and had the steak dish. It was a bit small and nothing really special.  My friends also ordered a different steak dish and it was already pre-sliced, which they didn't enjoy so much. All in all it was a decent restaurant in the neighbourhood, but there are so many good Italian restaurants out there, I'd probably want to try elsewhere before going back. I'd come back here if i'm in the area, but probably wouldn't go out of my way for it. Service was great though and the atmosphere was cozy and very family-oriented, meaning that there tends to be a lot of families with young kids.笑
This is a wonderful and romantic place to have dinner. It is far away from city and their food is excellent.

When we were there, it was a Sunday night. There weren't many people in the restaurant. I saw couple of tables with big families having their dinners (10 people table). I would guess it is kids friendly too. We where able to carry our conversation the whole night. Our plates was hot and the food were excellent. We ordered the desserts and they tasted great.

During our dinner, I saw the waitress cleaned other tables very well, and I love their washroom. I would recommend to other people who like to have dinner away from the city.笑
I came with a friend because he heard some good reviews about the place. It's definitely a place to go if you're looking for someplace chic, relaxing a bit upscale in ambiance. We were placed at the table near the washroom and kitchen because there was not much seating available. Needless to say, it was not the ideal spot in terms of sound and endless rotating door of people but we will take it given the circumstances. The staff was amical and cordial, making sure we were comfortable and satisfied. The food was tasty and lives up to expectations. The only thing I would change is to amp up the lighting just a tad.笑
I've been living in Richmond Hill for quiet a few years now and every time I pass by the Oakridges area, I've always seen this restaurant. However, I never had that urge to try it out. 

However, yesterday was the first time. I had made a reservation for dinner prior and my mom and I were welcomed with a warm and kind hostess. They offered us a coat check, to which we agreed, as the place we sat, it was in a tight corner and there were other customers there too. 

They brought the traditional bread + olive oil to start off, which is complimentary by the way, in case anyone is wondering. The waitress then came and asked us if we had any questions. I asked her if a certain appetizer was vegetarian and she told us not to worry, as she's a vegetarian herself and pointed out few things on the menu to which we can eat. I was interested in the Casarecce Amatriciana but apparently it had guancile (which I think is cured pork). However the waitress went and asked the chefs if it could be made without the meat and they did .It was tasty and had the right amount of flavour and spices. I also had the baby arugula salad for the appetizer. My mom enjoyed the Endive salad and eggplant parmigiana. 

The price wasn't too expensive to my standards and I think it backs up the dishes we chose. 

The ambiance was pretty nice and the staff were friendly overall. One of the owners even came to our table and asked how was everything, and even told us that they'll be launching a new menu shortly and include more vegetarian options, to which we both were happy. 

Only thing that could improve is for them to use the pin chip terminals for credit card payment. When we paid with our credit card, they brought it back to us and we had to sign. This may be a personal thing, but I rather pay with my credit card on a pin chip terminal. 

Definitely looking forward to coming back to this place.笑
Wonderful. So pleased to have this type of restaurant north of the city. You can't go wrong with any menu selections here. Go have wine eat and enjoy.笑
This is a sister restaurant of Terra (which in my opinion is one of the best high end restaurant outside of Toronto).  The main problem with this restaurant is that although it's much more casual than Terra, they seem to have brought over the high prices.  I would expect that when I drive north of my Thornhill home, the prices would go down, not up.

The good news is that they brought over their exceptional service (and I mean the best of the best), vast wine selection and great quality control over there food, both taste and presentation.  This is essentially an Italian restaurant, although they do change up the menu and innovate here and there.  What's import at though is that they know how to make fresh pasta and how to cook it al dente.

I'd give to 5 stars if not for the exorbitant prices.  It's worth the drive to Oak Ridges.笑
The Best Dining Experience And Food I've Had This Year!

Firat off, we came for the seafood pasta, but it wasnt on the menu when we got there. The waiter (the owner I believe), hooked us up with a phenominal seafood pasta variation from the seafood risoto ingredients. It was 70% fresh, delicious seafood and 30% pasta - quite an awesome ratio.

The service...my god, it was delightful. The owner was passionate about the food and determined to deliver an amazing experience. And an amazing experience was had.

Great atmosphere, awesome food, unbelivable service (seriously, if nothing else go for the service) and determination to keep ghe customer happy.

4/4 main points I look for in a restaurant.

100% will go again, soon...like next week soon.

I've already recommended the place to friends and family, it was actually that good. I spammed the hell out of my Facebook with pictures and positive recommendations because this place deserves it. Its the whole package!笑
went there back in november for a birthday dinner.  i've always loved the food at terra so thought i'd try out sarpa too...

food was fantastic! i had the Wild mushroom & goat cheese crostino.. the mushroom were seasoned nicely. i also had the Tagliolini - Smoked duck breast.. duck breast was cooked perfectly.. 

only thing i'd have to comment neg on is our server was not that amazing that night. the restaurant was pretty quiet cuz it was a sunday night at like 8pm. she did really come back to check on us during the dinner. we had to walk to the other side of the restaurant to find her so we could pay our bill..otherwise i'd give it a definetly 5 stars笑
Went there again as I was blown away the first time.  For lunch.  Ordered the exact same thing as last time (arugula salad. gnocchi.) They musta had a different chef.  Salad had literally 2 nuts and 2 cranberries, the gnocchi was dry.  Not impressed this time.笑
This restaurant is amazing from start to finish. The bread they bring to the table when you arrive is olive oil and rosemary seasoned and crispy and delicious. Everything I've tried at this restaurant has been outstanding. My husband and I went here for our anniversary and have been there many other times before. We had the Sarpa salad and arugula and warm mushroom salad with buffala ricotta and both were delicious. Veal Marsala and veal saltinboca were both melt in your mouth. I would highly recommend.笑
Tried this restaurant recently at the recommendation of a friend. 

The food: We tried a few courses, but I got the surf and turf which is steak, mashed potatoes and grilled lobster tail. The food was good. My partner had the fish, which had a "fishy" aftertaste. Also, had appetiser to share. Dessert was very good. 

A few small things I didn't like:
- no sharing utensils for appetizer
- server just brought the meals and left it on the table without explaining what it was (yes, I know it's self explanatory, but all high and higher end restaurats do)
- server forgot about drink order until was asked 
- my steak knife had something caked on that was difficult to get off

We may have caught this restaurant during an off night they were very busy. May try them again when they're not as busy.笑
My husband and I did 'date lunch' here.  The food was excellent and the service as well.  I hope we go back again.  Surprisingly, the prices here aren't terribly expensive.  Well worth going here in comparison to some of the other chains and other places you could be sinking your hard earned $$.  What you get are some interesting and well put together plates of food.笑
Living up to their Yelp review and I'm blown away with service, food quality and ambience...truly immaculate place... yes it is further up north drive but let me ensure you won't be disappointed...

 We ordered calamari, beef tartar, octopus salad, half chicken, penne alla vodka, seafood spahghettini... everything was simply divine and did I mention the service? They kept coming back to checkup on us asking if everything is ok...

Beef Tartar was simply delicious...grilled calamari was grilled to perfection...penne was al dente with the perfect amount of sauce... all portions were perfectly sized...there is nothing negative I can say about this place... 

The prices were acceptable in my personal opinion,  they have a diverse list of wine..from $35-200+, the wine list is not available on the website...so you really need to see the list upon arrival...

If you would like to bring your own wine, that's also an available option for a corkage fee of $29 which is acceptable in my perspective... 

All in all,  a great place to bring your date or dine with your friends who also love food and wine!笑
Finally, a truly up-scale Italian restaurant with a great wine selection. Food was impeccable and service was amazing.笑
Sarpa is our go to local place. The food is always so amazing. Paul is an top shelf chef and could be running any downtown restaurant. 

Menu always evolving and daily specials never disappoint. 

We had perfect pasta and black cod 

Special occasion or just because you feel like eating great food eat here笑
Terrible service, from the kitchen to the waiter! At those price points, they have a lot to learn. Smarten up sarpa!!!笑
Nice atmosphere and good food. Not the cheapest meal in town but well worth it for what you get. Worth checking out!笑
Very good! My hubby and i just randomly
Decided to have a spontaneous lunch here !
While waiting for our meals they brought us irresistible  warm white bread covered in olive oil and Rosemary, (I even snuck inn a bite) as an appetizer We had  the grilled calamari which was delicious but in my opinion was a small serving (compared to maybe other places), was cooked to perfection! My hubby had the veal Milanese with the fries which was very good (we requested some sauce or dip for the veal, it was very good! Really complete the meal) I myself had the GF option as usual, I had the grilled salmon with greens. In my opinion I felt the salmon was a very small portion, (maybe a 6oz )and the greens were just lettuce, we had a lovely female server, we mentioned that I wish the greens were more of an actual Salad, she offered me another salad or anything else I would like , or find more filling (although that was a very generous offer, we were in a bit of rush to head back to work and passed on her offer)  in the end, she had taken my glass of white wine off the bill, which I found to be very kind and generous!  Also when I was deciding on which wine id like to have she brought me a couple of testers which I found to be a fun idea!
Overall good food, gorgeous patio, great service! Will be back笑
Yup...solid Italian fare!  We were given a recommendation from friends when we mentioned we loved Locale.  This place is right up there.  Great service and outstanding pasta dishes.  I had the pasta with braised lamb, peas, mint, etc....and my wife had the squid ink seafood pasta.  Both great...perfectly cooked and rich, but not greasy.  Get the polenta fries to start.  My only thing is that it's a bit on the pricey side.  It's far and away better than any chain and worth spending more on...but Locale, which is close by and is as good and a bit less dear.  Still...it's worth trying both for sure.笑
Best gnocchi I've ever had!!!! The classic tiramisu was delicious as well. Great service. on the pricey side but worth it for a nice dinner out once in a while. one of the few nice restaurants in the York region area. No need to go downtown.笑
Just had dinner here. I discovered Sarpa when i was looking for Terra and it showed they were affiliated, however Sarpa's price point is a bit more affordble then Terra.  
We had a mushroom salad, risotto (from the daily menu) and the veal chop (from the daily menu) and a tiramisu. 
The mushroom salad is great! Definitely a must try! The risotto and veal chop was also really good. We saw someone get a lamb chop also, and it looked good, but didn't look as good as the veal chop. The veal chop was great, really tender and tasty.  
The service was pretty good. Our waitress mixed up my order, we addressed it immediately and she took full responsibility and made every possible effort to make it up to me. I didn't think it was as a big deal as she made it, but her effort to make it all better was above and beyond, so the bottom line is, the service is pretty damn good here. 
I'll definitely come back here.笑
Nice to see a more high end Italian restaurant up in this area. We enjoyed the pan friend gnocchi, the cream sauce was delicious and rich. Veal Parmesan was a very large portion.笑
The food was over priced and the portions was very small. I came in on a Tuesday night with some friends. Our waitress was very rude and was in a rush to get our drink orders. We just ordered our meals and enjoying our over priced wine and one of the servers started to vacuum it was very irritating. I keep hearing about there famous tirimisu but I couldn't have a chance to enjoy it because the sever just slapped the bill on our table because she had to leave. Horrible experience will not be coming in EVER again!! The only good thing I can say the food was good but not for the price笑
Such great service! Our waiter was fantastic and offered a great wine selection and knew the menu well.  The food was fantastic and everyone in my party really enjoyed their meals.  I found things to be a tad overpriced, but not outrageous.  The restaurant itself has an impressive ambiance as well. Would return!笑
Sarpa has great food, a nice vibe, and good service.
It is just the right amount of upscale without feeling stuffy. 
The service is prompt and polite even on a Saturday night.
The food has intense and savoury flavours using quality ingredients.
We ordered:

THE GOOD
----------------------
Steak Carpaccio- chilled, thinly sliced, slightly acidic from the balsamic dressing. Very nice
Wild mushroom & goat cheese crostino- not good for sharing, but prepared perfectly all the right flavours
Summer squash & veal raviolini - SPECTACULAR! Rich (due to the butter sauce) so the smaller portion is just right.  The ravioli is sligtly fried and crisp, the pistachios give it such a nice touch and the crisp sage leaves give texture
Grilled Provimi liver- cooked as requested, flavours and texture were great

The NOT SO GOOD
----------------------------
Mafalda corta- the pasta was on the brink of overcooked, otherwise it was delicious
Zuppa di Pesce- great portion, satisfying flavours, WAY TO SPICY and no indication on the description

All in all we would definitely go again for an elegant and delicious night out.

BE WARNED: They DO NOT accept debit cards... weird right?笑
Amazing place. No surprise given its a Terra restaurant. Highly recommended. Service is 5 star as is the food.