I relied heavily on Café Palma when I first started working at my temp gig. Part of it had to do with the fact that I kept forgetting the lunches I had made the night before - this was perfect for those lazy nights where I didn't want to make dinner. But the more times I ate here, the more I liked it.

Café Palma is a simple, cafeteria-style place that offers three important things: good food, good prices, and quick service. While they may need to save up some dough to update their furniture, they're not skimping on the food budget, which is way more important.

What you get is simple, comfort food at reasonable prices. No $10 sandwich or designer salad here, thank you. They have a lot of variety like pastas, Thai noodles and curries. The latter dish I paid $5 for a small container, which was more than just a generous serving. It left me content and full, and didn't induce a food coma an hour later. 

Despite the other eateries nearby, this café is consistently busy. There's usually a line-up, specifically at 10am, noon, and 3pm, all of the important coffee and meal breaks. With two office towers, a plethora of small businesses and a high school nearby, the staff is on top of their game when it comes to providing quick service. They understand that some of us only get an allotted amount of time to order, pay and eat, before dragging our sorry asses back to the workday grind.笑
Its unfortunate that reasonable food at a reasonable price is practically worthy of 4 stars these days... while I'm tempted to give for its really a "strong" 3.  Efficient service.  Tables are close together making it hard to get to the washroom.  I didn't really care for the coffee, but it was better than Horton's (faint praise, I'll admit).  Clean, spacious washrooms.笑
I'm kind of forced to eat here whenever I need to grab a quick lunch and bring it back to my desk at work.  It's quick because the lunch items are pre made and served in a cafeteria like style.  

There's usual a line up and the lady at the cash counter gives the usual "Okay, thank you very much!" that doesn't sounds genuine.

I'm really looking forward to the food court that will be opening up in the fall and in the mean time I'm going to be switching to pb&j sandwiches for awhile.笑
Although this place has a variety of good sandwiches, soups, Chinese food and really cheap coffee I am not entirely satisfied with the customer service. Just a couple of days ago I went there to grab a sandwich. I was asked if I want it toasted and I replied yes. Meanwhile an old man came by and ordered a bagel and the girl who was taking my order completely forgot about the oven where my bread was getting burned. When I told her I don't want the burned bread she quickly put another bread for literally 10 seconds before she vigorously smothered it with butter when I didn't even ask for butter on my bread! I was so frustrated by this attitude but decided to just calm myself down and go on with my toppings and off I went to pay. Well, the cashier let his fellow Chinese lady pay first when I was in line first. She quickly took off realizing she has bud in line and she saw my angry face I bet. I hope the manager reminds the staff how rude it is to treat customers like this. So I give the food 3/5 but customer service gets ZERO!

shay-shay

in Chinese it means Thank you!