Came here awhile back and again on my birthday also awhile back. The chicken here is amazing! I would have to say it's as good as the Fry on Yonge and Sheppard. My most favorite thing here though is the calamari haha. You get those nice solid rings and oh man it amazing! A bit to find parking in this area though.. If only they could fix that.Ǿ
Awesome spot for sports, courteous staff and management. Great food especially enjoy the Sweet Chili Thai Wings and Pitchers are well pricedǾ
Really good food, drinks, and atmosphere. 
They have a lot of yummy traditional pub foods and also lots of Korean dishes. 
Big flat screen tvs everywhere, lighting is perfect, noise level is perfect. 

It's a great place to hang out with a group of friends, share food, and still have conversation. 

There's also now a noraebang next door which is convenient.Ǿ
Place is dim, noisy (convos and music), big screen TVs everywhere you look, hosts/waiters/bartenders friendly, super comfy booths are elevated.

Tried their Tues wing special (1lb) that comes with fries and blue cheese dip and their Spicy Fire Chicken with a side of rice.

Wings were tiny and fries tasted dry. The Spicy Fire Chicken came on a sizzling plate. If you like spicy, potent kimchi then you'll love this dish. Goes really well with their sticky, slightly sweet white rice.

Love, love, love their sticky slightly sweet rice, I would come back just to see what else I can pair it with. Definitely take advantage of their daily specials.Ǿ
Living in walking distance from Hell's Chicken, I decided it was finally time for me to give it a try. Always thinking it was some biker/bar joint, I found out I was wrong it it was actually a Korean style bar with buldak, or 'fire chicken'.

This place is a bit of a cross between a basic bar (think Crazy Wings at ynf) and Home of Hot Taste. It has a very bar-like atmosphere with a few tables inside and a pretty decent patio in the front which is pretty nice to sit at in the summer. Very chilled out vibe inside, and even on busier days it's not too loud or crazy.

The menu is decent - not too much selection. Basically just a bunch of different chicken dishes and typical bar grub. In all honesty, the food isn't amazing (if you want better buldak, you are better off heading north to Home of Hot Taste), but overall it is decent. Nothing to complain about. 

They give you typical bar-style banchan (think chips, salad, corn..) and are more than willing to refill if you want more. 

Great service and super friendly staff. On all visits they have been perfectly attentive without ever being annoying or overbearing. Food comes out quick. Beer is refilled even quicker.  

A great place to go if you want a good atmosphere with some chicken and beer!Ǿ
Liked this place a lot! Felt like a Korean version of Wild Wings/St. Louis, etc. The service was excellent and the waitress kept filling up our free appetizers. It was also super fast. The free apps were chips & popcorn, & also a salad/corn/white carrots. 

I ordered the 1 lb. wings in honey garlic. It was delicious ! Imho, better than Wild Wings, & it also came w/ a generous amount of fries & a dipping sauce! The wings were also larger in size compared to the ones from St. Louis. 

Hubby ordered the spicy chicken. Wow was it ever spicy! While waiting for it to cool down a little (as it was brought out fresh & hot), I licked a bit of it and realized wowww super spicy! But very tasty !

Lots of tvs here... they will play sports games here. We will definitely come back.Ǿ
Pretty standard Korean affair. I guess this is a fusion of a trendy Korean bar and an sports bar. 

With so many choices of korean food; i dont know what this place has that would stand out other then the rest. However, driving down south on Yonge. It is hard not to miss the sign. 

The food was good but doesn't stand up to the name Hell`s Kitchen...as it was not as hot as I would have liked. I think that home of hot taste has much hotter food for a Koream place.

I dont know if I would frequent this place regularly. However, It is not something that I would tell people not to frequent either.Ǿ
Good location to catch a ball game.  Pitcher of domestic and food is about 35-40 dollars.  Pretty good deal.  There is an enclosed patio area that is very Korean style, and has a table within.   The bar area has 3 TVs, and all the beer on the wall.  There is a long table for big parties.

Ordered 2lb wings, but the wings amount seemed 1.5lb.  taste was ok, I personally didn't like the dipping sauce.  The amount of fries was good.Ǿ
Based on my friend's recommendation I gave this place a try with couple of friends. When we sat down, the owner came by and recommended an assorted platter with a pitcher (About $30). We waited for about 30 minutes or so and the waitress brings whole chicken with fries so we told her that it wasn't our order. Another 20 minutes or so goes by and finally it came and WOW was I surprised. What we got was 4 wings (Yes 4), a dozen carrot and celery sticks, 2 chicken nuggets, 2 chicken strips, 1 deep fried wiener cut in half (one of those chicken wieners that you can get from grocery stores for a buck for a dozen) and handful (literally) of fries. The waiting staff was friendly but I won't be returning to this place anytime soon.Ǿ
In love with their boneless chicken -- great quality and quantity for its value. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys both a place to hang out and authentic Korean BBQ or wings.Ǿ
This place is really good ... Would give it a 4/5 star rating but the old dude I guess the owner doesn't want you there just watching the game and drinking. He actually came up to us and said that the other side of our booth maybe used by strangers while we were watching the all star game . Pretty disappointed because they claim this is a sports bar but right after we finished our food (around third quarter) this dude became a little weird about us being there... So good to eat at but not good place to watch a full gameǾ
Recommended by my good yelp friends, Simon C and Rana L, we came here on a friday night, looking for a good place to eat/have a drink.

This place has a parking lot, which is good- free parking is like TREASURE in the yonge and finch area. The place is super cute and reminds me a lot of han ba tang near yonge and sheppard. Cute little korean bar FULL of 'pretty boys', eeeccch. The service is good and everything was fast- seating, drinks, food etc. Not much to say about that. We got cute little appetizers (popcorn, celery, carrots, dip, peanuts) and that was that. 

I got the 1lb of honey garlic wings and it only came with 5 wings.. maybe it was 1lb maybe it wasn't, but the wings were not much bigger than st. Louis and I certainly get more there for 1lb. The taste was pretty standard for honey garlic. Also came with the best fries ever- usually I despise fries but these were GOOD. So crunchy outside, so warm and soft inside and not too heavily salted. Delish. Boyfriend got the 'hells chicken platter' which was a platter of fried up shenanigans- onion rings, calamari, 2 wings, few nuggets, mozzarella sticks, sausages and fries. The mozzy sticks were BOMB.. not being a big fan of cheese, these were REALLY good to me for some reason.. the cheesiness was insane. The calamari is also AMAZING, usually when you bite into fried calamari, you end up pulling the entire squid piece out and end up only having the fried part left.. gross. Not here! The squid and the breaded part was stuck together and that's how calamari should always be done. Yum. The platter also came with 3 dipping sauces, which my boyfriend raved over. We both also ordered a pint of canadian, which was pretty big for just a pint.. I feel like it had more beer than a standard pint.

Overall, it was a good experience and I would come back here to try the other stuff- korean bars are my absolute favourite.Ǿ
Given the exterior of this place (and the sign), I had always assumed Hell's Chicken was some sort of biker bar - I'm glad I took a closer look inside.

FOOD: The menu is a combination of Korean snacks/dishes and standard bar food (e.g. fries, nachos etc.). Like many Korean bars, "appetizers" are provided and replenished throughout the meal - though instead of typical Korean appetizers, they offer iceberge salad, popcorn, and chips. 

The fried chicken and the honey-garlic chicken were both good but not great. The real reason why I will likely go back is because of the restaurant's signature "Hell's Chicken." When the menu stated that the dish was spicy, they WEREN'T kidding - it most definitely was as spicy as advertised, and in a good way. Serving size was good, and it came seasoned with plenty of green onions which helped bring out the chicken's taste.

DRINKS: As a Korean/N.American bar hybrid, they offered both soju (Korean rice wine) as well as a selection of beers. 

SERVICE: The servers I had both times were friendly and fairly attentive. The manager (or owner) was also helpful in assisting the wait staff when we asked to refill our chips for about the 4th time, which I found a nice gesture.

SUMMARY: Come for the Spicy Hell's Chicken, and stay for the great atmosphere - Mix between a Korean bar and traditional Sports bar.Ǿ
I have drove by Hell's Chicken Restaurant numerous of time...  Never go in to give it a try. 

Seems like they are revamping their menu and do a totally different lunch/every evening menu that has nothing to do with Chicken or Hell..and Grand Opening is July 27.

Menu serves from 11 am to 7 pm featuring Pork Chops.. Deep Fried then topped with Curry, Cheese, Plain or Spicy. Or if you are not into that and want to eat healthy, they do serves Whole Grain Bibimbop.

Curry Pork Cutlet ($8.99) is tender and crispy. Sizable and definitely filling you up. Curry reminds me of Japanese curry which just have the colour but without the spices.

Donburi ($10.99) is a Japanese Rice Bowl Dish  with Deep Fried Breaded Pork Chop with a soy sauce dressing. Quite filling as well... I find it a little too salty for my taste but I did finish the whole thing and that mean it must tasted decent or I am just hungry?!

All meals serves with a Spicy Beef Bone Vegetable Soup.

For people that loves watching TV they won't be disappointed. My friend and I can just facing each other but we just watching the TVs behind each other's backs showing Roger's channel and YTN (Korean News Feeds). 

Korean waitress here are nice and pleasant and must of the patrons seems to enjoying their services because they speaks the same language.

After 7 pm, this place will turn back to Hell's Chicken and then you can drink your beers, watch your sports and eat your chicken till late.....Ǿ
MEDIOCRE at best.  Poor service, English is a problem. Don't go to watch the game... 2 out of 3 TV's over the bar have bad reception!  Food was just OK, nothing special.  We tried the wings and fries... at least it was fresh and hot.  Check your bill!