Not bad for the price. Isn't the greatest Chinese but still good enough to get every once in a while! Would recommend if you are looking for Chinese on the budget side.Ǿ
Food is good and usually they deliver pretty fast. Today when I called the lady that spoke pretty good English was very rude and treated me like I was stupid. When it didnt arrive in over an hour I called and asked to speak to a manager and the girl got mad at me and started yelling at me in chinese. I told her I wanted to cancel and she said "you already order"...no crap. I just wanted to cancel because it took so long. Whatever I got my food and I'm full but the rice is not cooked all the way and I will go to China chef next time.Ǿ
This place is pretty much on every food app; take your pick.

Best crab rangoon in the area, by far! On one app they are named "fried crab meat cheese wonton", so heads up there. Egg rolls were crisp and not greasy. Both the egg drop and the wonton soup were very good. Egg drop tasted like they use actual chicken broth. Mongolian beef was good, albeit not spicy at all. Why am I being spurned by the spicy gods in this city???

Delivery was quoted at 70 minutes, but arrived in under 45.Ǿ
They serve the same Chinese food menu as many other places. 
But the food is definitly more delightful. A lot of the dishes that I order from here are always nice and flavorful. They sever very large portion as well. I often able to save some of left over as well.Ǿ
Went here again just this year to give it one more try since my other Chinese restaurant hit the crapper. Surprisingly they have gotten better. Maybe I went to late or close to closing last time but I have to say Golden Lily you have redeemed yourself. The Kung Pao Chicken was good but a bit heavy on the salt for me but my husband liked it. I went with the Mongolian Chicken and it was pretty well made, had a good level of spice and sauce. 

Hopefully my first experience was just a fluke. We will most likely re-visit. Foods pretty cheap and portion sizes aren't terrible.Ǿ
Ordered the Chicken Pad Thai, medium spicy.. Was more like mild.. No spice at all.. Still good though. Delivery was fast and good was hot! Overall.. Pretty satisfied.Ǿ
The egg foo young very good except the sauce which is very very salty bad.  The crab rangoon good even without sauce.  Shrimp eggroll ok but no shrimp.  Shrimp with lobster sauce really good. Prices higher than other places and they charge by the piece for wonton in egg drop soup..most places sell mixed soup for half this place does. Almond cookies good but lots cheaper at  grocery (not fresh not homemade) the chips for soup are great.  Fried rice terrible.  All in all there are some good points like shrimp w lobster and no sauce egg foo young.  Not enough to go back.Ǿ
Pretty good for delivery Chinese. We enjoyed everything we had, but the crab rangoons were the best! Delivery time was much quicker than grubhub, who we ordered through, estimated. Would order from them again.Ǿ
I order from them via grubhub. I've ordered about 20 times. A few issues but grubhub resolved them. I would say maybe twice i had to gave GH contact them. Once was they forgot an item another was I ordered steamed mixed vegetables and they sent it with chicken in it. That was an a big deal because I am vegetarian. I called GH and the food was remade. Food is usually delivered before the quoted time. 
My choice is the sesame tofu. Good for the day you order but the sauce turns gelatinous so reheating is not good. 
I strongly recommend that you use grubhub too order as they place the order and resolve issues since their English isn't very good which can result in order errors. 
Also, I clearly type in which driveway and door  too use but they rarely adhere to my note.Ǿ
Absolutely horrible service, tried placing order and the women kept telling me she could not hear me and their was all kinds of noise in the background from a child banging on a piano toy and after finally placing the order the women kept telling me my CC was not supported by their machine which it's a VISA. She seemed very lost and I gave it to her two times and when I told her she needed to put the expiration date in she said "NO I DON'T" Poor customer service. Will never call again very frustarting!!!Ǿ
Typical Chinese food. Nothing stands out but it is by far the best delivery in the Parma area. If your dining out however you can find better.Ǿ
I tried this restaurant because they have delivery in my area.  The food came one hour after ordering.  Advertised time frame is 45-60 mins.  So it was on time.  And it was very nice not to have to go out as I was involved in some projects at home. The food came hot.  We ordered General Tsao Chicken, Veggie Chop Suey and Won Ton soup. I would order again because it is convenient.  Also, I ended up calling the restaurant just to be sure that the order went through as I had never used the online ordering service through yelp before.  The girl who answered the phone was pleasant as was the driver.   I gave the review only 2 stars because other than the delivery option, it was was pretty much like mall food.  Nothing special, but edible.Ǿ
I did not even order the food because the customer service over the phone was terrible!!! Ended up going to another establishment across the street!Ǿ
Golden Lily, your sign is royal blue. Not sure why that bothered me or what that has to do with your food. 

Popped in to get take out and there really isn't much to write about. If you are looking for Chinese food, probably best to just drive by this one. The sauce for my szechwan Chick.. was French dressing. I believe that sums it up. 

I did like the sauce for the pot stickers.. very good. Not a reason to go again though.Ǿ
This place has some great Chinese, so glad it's so close to my apartment! 

Recommendations: 
teriyaki chicken app
General tso
Orange chicken
Any lo mein dish (I prefer chicken or shrimp)

I have honestly ordered probably 15-20 times and never been disappointed. The lunch specials for $4.95 go Til 3 PM and come with fried rice and egg roll, which is a great deal. 

I'd say my favorite Chinese place in Parma/Parma hts area.Ǿ
This was our first time ordering from Golden Lily. Honestly the bad reviews scared us away. But after a friend recommended them we decided to give them a try. We ordered the Family for Two dinner special and we're not disappointed!! Wonton soups, egg rolls, beef with broccoli, sweet and sour chicken, and pork fried rice.  We also ordered the fried dumplings that came with white rice. $25 for a huge spread that was delicious. Wish we would've tried this place sooner!Ǿ
One of the best Chinese places I've ever been too! The delivery is fast, the service is great. Nothing to complain about.Ǿ
I love their food and have always had great service.  Been going there about twice a month for the last 5 months.  They will change a recipe if you ask or make something special for you.  They always give us a free two liter of soda, which is nice to.Ǿ
The food was excellent...but the 1 star rating is because it sent me to the ER for a severe allergic reaction to something in the food.  Not my first time having Chinese and have NEVER had an issue with Chinese food (actually, no known allergies).  Not sure what the issue was but I'll not be returning unless I'd like to return to the ER.Ǿ
Ordered for delivery from Yelp Eats. Delivery was very I mean very fast. Seemed like Road Runner Keep keep his way over with my food. So what did I order you ask... Well,  I admit I broke my rule of not ordering any Thai Cuisine from a non Thai spot. I went for the house special pad Thai, crab ragoon and a coke. I think I'm going to stick with that rule and never Never NEVER BREAK IT.  Its what you can expect non Thai restaurants to serve. Crab Ragoons are on point.. Damn Tasty. I'll still order here , just going to be something else.