We went to A Thyme for All Seasons with a Groupon and will go back without one.  We recently moved into the area and are trying new establishments and were happy to find this.  Interesting setup but the food is good.  We had the chicken entree and the polish plate and both were really good with a lot of food!  We will go back and will consider outside catering.Ǿ
Just came back from lunch at this  very nice restaurant. The service was wonderful. The food was first rate. I had a blue cheese, caramel onion burger which was very well done. My wife's Cuban sandwich was just right. The french fries were crispy and not oily. We were so impressed that we ordered their polish plate and shepherd pie to take home for dinner. 

All the 5 stars reviews are justified. For a lunch place, this is outstanding.Ǿ
Went for lunch today and I must say we were  quite disappointed. I expected to find great home cooked food in a cozy atmosphere, however what I was met with was bland grreasy food and an odd atmophere.  I felt like I was on an episode of Restaurant Impossible....

We ordered homemade potato pancakes-which we were looking forward to-only to have them come out greasy and some were over fried. Then I got the spinich ravioli and my boyfriend got the italian sausage sandwhich. Mine was soposed to come with marinara and parmesean chesse....it came swimming in clear flavorless sauce which matched the flavorless ravioli and garlic bread. His sandwhich came with potatoes in it which was odd and was mostly bread(not enough onions and peppers for his taste).

Upon walking in its a dimly lit dining room with very cheap looking dining furniture. The restaurant was clean looking but did have an odd smell like old santizer buckets or something. I'm not quite sure why this restaurant has such positive reviews other than if you "yelp" them you'll get a free appetizer.......Unfortunatly, (and I really wanted this place to be a new luch spot for us) we won't be back.Ǿ
I have just had the great pleasure of using A Thyme For All Seasons for our company holiday luncheon last week and  Oh My Goodness - they surpassed all of my picky expectations!  I always want everything perfect and they did that and then some.

First of all ... their food was beyond amazing - we wanted a holiday lunch that was outside the box per say - something that was still "holiday-like" but not the standard turkey and ham...  We were served the most delicious pork tenderloin with an out of this world Merlot sauce as well as an apple walnut chicken that was so tender, juicy and delicious.  Other items included a delicious sweet potato roasted hash, the best green beans almondine I have ever had (it went beyond  the normal green beans and slivered almonds - it was fresh green beans cooked & seasoned perfectly and they included roasted/carmelized onions & garlic - mmmmmm!).  We also had delicious shrimp crab cakes with a garlic aioli sauce, a fresh holiday salad and an orzo salad with cranberries and walnuts.    At each table they placed a delicious appetizer tray with cheese, crackers, antipasti and homemade chips and salsa - a very nice touch.

I could go on all day about the desserts!  We had mini cake pops that were almost too pretty to eat (key word is almost!), mini pumpkin pies, peppermint bark and coconut macaroons.  These were all homemade and super-delicious!

They decorated the room beautifully and to have real plates / napkins / silverware was a very nice touch.

What I appreciated the most was the service - speaking with the chef on site personally the day of the event and at the interview shows how much he cares about his clients and his food.  He was extremely friendly and professional and his entire staff was exactly the same way - friendly perfection from my first initial phone call to the cleanup afterward.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience.

If you want a catering company that serves excellent food, provides topnotch service and doesn't take you to the cleaners - please trust me and just call A Thyme For All Seasons - and don't go through calling and researching eight different companies first like I did - you will not be disappointed!  I am looking forward to trying their restaurant in the near future to try their other delicious creations!Ǿ
I had the chicken fried steak. The potatoes,  eggs, and gravy were GREAT.  My wife had the chicken and waffles. My steak was a little tough, but was at least fresh. The potatoes and eggs were perfect.  The gravy was incredible. I don't even like biscuits and gravy, but I loved them theirs and wanted more. My wife loved the gravy/syrup, but wanted wings instead ofbreast. I will definitely be back for lunch and breakfast.Ǿ
The decor is nothing special, in fact "A Thyme" appears to favor their catering/events business over being a restaurant, but I think they should strongly reconsider.  We stopped here due to the positive Yelp reviews for a quick lunch on our way to LAS and I was floored by how good the food was. 

We ordered the cuban sandwich, which was very filling and boasted delicious slow roasted pork complimented by thinly sliced ham, which reminded me of some of the best Cuban restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining at...even in Miami. Such a simple dish, but executed so well. The Mediterranean salad was also spectacular.. A gigantic serving of fresh romaine topped with heaps of grilled chicken that had been marinated in light, peppery marinate, and cooked perfectly - a salad that non-salad eaters could definitely enjoy. 

Unfortunately they don't serve alcohol (my wife wanted a beer at lunch), but they said they were BYOB and we were more than welcome to bring in some beer or wine on our next visit. Uh yes please? 

What makes this place a 5-stars in my opinion is the price. At $6.95 for the Cuban sandwich it is a total steal.  You simply can't find a quiet restaurant with good service and food this good anywhere in Vegas any more. A relic of a bygone era surpassed by over advertised chains, fake international restaurants, and an over abundance of fast food joints that would even make the biggest loser blush!

I summary, "A Thyme" defies expectations, it's nothing special from the look of it, but its a delightful lunch spot for less than $10 that simply can't be beat.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I can both get full, with leftovers, and high quality food for $25?!?! Is it true?? Yes, yes it is. 
I am kicking myself for having this on my bookmarks so long and not trying it. Just thinking about the meatloaf is making me hungry while I type. 
This is a catering place that is open from 7am-3pm for breakfast and lunch. 
The interior isn't anything amazing unless its decorated for an event. I don't know this to be a fact but it seems like a family owned style place. Both times I was there it was the same crew. They have genuine service, and are the type that will make you something that isn't even on the menu if you ask for it. 
On my first trip we started as the only ones in the place, and it was over half full when we left. I got the cuban sandwich (because they were out of meatloaf) and my boyfriend had the pasta special of the day- penne bolognese. It was only $5, and it was HUGE! We both started with the cream of broccoli soup. I would order every single item again. They also gave us some fresh made chips for free since we were first timers. Appreciated!
The second time we brought along our foodie friend, and I was so anxious to try this meatloaf. They offered it to me as the special (which was not on the menu but offered the previous day, came as a sandwich and fried egg) but I went with the classic meatloaf and mash. It's called "Better than your moms meatloaf" 
All I have to say is, SORRY MOM.
My friend had the shrimp stew (bland but good) and the pasta of the day. Sicilian style with anchovies. My bf got the buffalo style chicken strips. The mash potatoes were different than the ones that came with my meal. Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful. 
I will be coming to this place, until they get sick of looking at me. They will also be an easy go-to place for a large meal if ever needed.Ǿ
Service is really slow. I don't blame the waitress since she was the only one there. The food is alright. Nothing spectacular though.Ǿ
I have been here on so many occasions, I feel it's time to write another update. 

I am a regular here because it's so close for me to go for lunch. I find myself here at least once a week, if not more often. Luckily, they have different menu items every day on special, so there is always a lot of variety to be had. Be sure to like them on Facebook and they post their daily specials on there as well as a daily riddle. They also serve everything from their breakfast and lunch menus all day until closing. I love the amount of variety I can get here. 

I have to admit that I'm not always thrilled with their daily specials, but I have to give the chef kudos for always coming up with new and inventive menu items. They'll try their best to accommodate any requests customers might have and as they always tell me, if they have the ingredients on hand they'll make it for you whether it's on the menu or not. The prices are fantastic as well, nothing over $10 or $11. The service here is always friendly as well. I enjoy bringing new friends and coworkers here because they always leave happy and full.Ǿ
I went today (Saturday) at about 1230, it was closed. Listed hours indicated it should be open, but the doors were locked....Ǿ
The decor is reminiscent of a Restaurant Impossible episode, no idea if they were on it but that doesn't really matter does it?

 Had the Polish Plate (sausage with sauerkraut, potato pancakes with apple sauce and pierogi covered in fried onions). The sausage and sauerkraut were ok, nothing special. But the potato pancakes with apple sauce and pierogi with onions were amazing. Also, I tried some seasoned fries which were incredible. Definitely recommend those. 

Only one front of the house worker who greeted, seated and took out orders as well as brought our food out and waited on us; she was very attentive and friendly.Ǿ
My family and I have eaten here twice. On both occasions, we loved it. The owner was gracious and accommodating, especially in regards to my son's 24/7 obsession with pancakes. The Swedish meatballs were swoon-worthy, the pancakes fluffy with a slightly crisp exterior, and the Cuban just missed this Tampa gal's stamp of approval. Can't recall all we ordered the second time, but my chicken fried steak and eggs dish minus the extra helping of grease that typically accompanies this dish when served in the Deep South hit the spot.

So, why the 3 star rating? The last three times we drove all the way there (about 20-30 min, one-way), they have been closed. Hours state 7am-3pm, Mon-Sat. Most definitely not the case. One time, there was a notice saying there was a special event. Okay, not a problem. The second time, we had family visiting and they followed us in their car. Very disappointing, especially after we talked the restaurant up, to find them closed with no notice or sign indicating why. It was a Sat at 11am so I couldn't write it off as closing a little early. This past Saturday, I called and got the answering machine. Since there wasn't any message indicating they would be closed, we headed out there. Completely denied. Once again, closed with no sign or notice. Three strikes and all that...

To sum it up, it takes two to do the culinary tango and that just can't happen if one partner is constantly MIA.Ǿ
Food: 3 stars

Value: 4 stars

Like so many others I read about this place on Yelp and after skimming a number of positive reviews I decided to come by for breakfast.  If not for Yelp, there is NO WAY I would have ever stumbled on this place. It's in an unassuming strip mall near Las Vegas BLVD. 

The space is sparse by design. They are set up to hold catered events there, so the decor is simple. There was a small menu of breakfast and lunch items. There were some standard offerings(chicken fried steak, frittata) all listed for a great price. 

We ordered the frittata and huevos rancheros. The frittata was perfectly cooked and filled with fresh vegetables. You'd think it would be easy to find egg dishes cooked well, but it's not. I appreciate that the cooks at Thyme are producing well cooked dishes. 

The huevos were topped with a gently spiced chile verde. I didn't like the use of flour (rather than corn) tortillas and potatoes underneath the dish. I'm no tortilla purist, but the texture and flavor were off just enough to keep me from raving about this place. 

If they charged more, I probably wouldn't return.  But with prices for each dish ranging from $6- $9, I have no problem coming back a few more times to see if there is something on their menu that appeals to me. 

AS AN ASIDE: I don't know if it's fair to judge this place solely based on their restaurant offerings when they are set up to hold events and cater food. 

OVERALL: With Thyme it is important to factor in the value element. There are not many places people can go to get a nicely prepared meal for a good price. I'm glad I found one.Ǿ
I recently visited A Thyme for All Seasons for lunch with a friend.  We had the recent Groupon deal, so the value was outstanding.  Even without the Groupon, a decent lunch can be had here for about $10, excluding tax and tip.  I had a wrap sandwich, which was not extraordinary, but definitely tasty.  My friend was pleased that the chicken on his salad was freshly cooked and still warm at the time of serving.  The seasoned french fries were great as well.

What keeps me from giving this place five stars is the odd layout and atmosphere.  The restaurant is located in a banquet facility and the tables for the lunch crowd are large and widely spread, leading to an environment devoid of intimacy.  The room is also fairly dark, leading me to feel like I had just emerged from a cave when I strolled back to my car.

If I find myself in the neighborhood again, A Thyme for All Seasons might be on the agenda once more.Ǿ
I eat here at least twice per week.  Mostly for breakfast, but lunch sometimes too.  They are the greatest people and the food is excellent.  In reading down these reviews, I see some negative ones from 2011, in 2012, this place rocks!  They will change up any menu item to suit special diets and are always pleasant to deal with.  I would recommend this place to anybody and everybody.  I only wish they served dinner.  They actually made me a special Thanksgiving dinner that was only supposed to be available for 15 people or more.  They are fantastic, you've got to give them a try!Ǿ
I had no idea this place was so close to my work. After a failed attempt at getting lunch elsewhere, a co worker suggested we try A Thyme For All Seasons.  We arrived a bit after noon, and the place was about half full. It is actually a decently sized restaurant. The tables had paper "tablecloths" ... it could have been kinda tacky, but they added a fun spin to it. There were also baskets of crayons on every table, so you can indulge your inner child while you wait for your food. It was interesting seeing how quickly a group of adults got to doodling and drawing on the table.
Our server was pleasant and accommodating. Three of us opted for their Cuban sandwich and the fourth opted for a burger. I really liked my Cuban sandwich, especially with some Tobasco sauce...yum. The portion was huge and it came with a side of fries. It was a pretty solid deal for about $9. The wait for food was very reasonable, our water was consistently refilled, and the sandwich was good. It wasn't amazing or the best I've had, but it was good. They also serve a basket of potato skins while you wait. I look forward to trying more of their menu soon. SOON.

Also, free cupcake Friday. And you pay at the register. Ta ta for now.Ǿ
With our Groupon we made our way to Warm Springs Rd and A Thyme For All Seasons.. the food was great, excellent friendly service...I had the avocado burger and the burger was large with a great bun, the husband had the NY steak sandwich which was large and on a soft roll... French fries were warm and crispy (my kind of fry).. we will definitely be back.  Hours are M thru F   10-3   Don't pass this up...Ǿ
Their are no words to express our gratitude to the staff of A Thyme for all Seasons. 

My family and I found this outstanding place through yelp looking for a venue to hold our mom's surprise birthday party. With our first visit , after church on a Sunday morning we decided to have breakfast and was happily greeted immediately. The room was bright, very clean, and welcoming. 

They had a great selection on their menu. Different thing's you wouldn't find anywhere else.  Like breakfast nachos (which is one of my favorites) The food came out fast, fresh, hot, and very delicious staff constantly checked up on us and our drinks never went empty. 

The family and I decided that this was the perfect place for our mom's party. With months leading up to it we would have our Sunday morning breakfast here and never had an incident that we were disappointed.

A few days before the party, they got together with me to discuss decorations.

Let me tell you that the staff went above and beyond my expectations.

The party was a BLAST!!  More than 85 people could do nothing but say what a great place this was, especially with the birthday girl :)
The food, decorations, staff, DJ, bartender ... everything was tremendous!!

The place is roomy, delightful, and super clean. If you are looking for a place that puts good quality in their food this is the place. But if you are going to critique over decor... come on now... get a life!! It's perfect the way it is and you don't find many places that pride themselves with the delicious food they serve.

Thank you so much to " A Thyme for all Seasons" especially Mr. Michael, Ms. Monica, and Ms. Laura... you guys are the best and better than any party venue in town!! Put us down as regulars :)Ǿ
Thanks for leaving us holding the dirty end of the stick! We had booked this company for our WEDDING in dec. on a big wedding day and when we try to call to add something to our order we found our they had pulled stakes in the middle of the night and took off to New Jersey!!! Any apologies? None. And by the way, thanks for contacting us with the information that your not gonna be catering our wedding and leaving us with every other cater company booked that day. thanks for  nothing.Ǿ
Came in for lunch and ordered the Mediterranean chickrn salad, chicken orzo soup, pulled chicken sandwhich and turkey chili. I was really wanting to like it, but everything I ordered was bland. Did I order all the not so flavorful items? I'll try it again, general rule "try everything twice"Ǿ
I found this place near the airport on yelp, and had a Pleasant visit with the owner who was also waitressing. I had the mediterranean salad which comes with chicken, it was really delicious, and the chicken was cooked and flavored perfectly, not tasting like precooked chicken. I found out they made everything here, including the dressing and also cook the chicken to order... Right out of the marinade, really tasty.  I also ordered their homemade bread pudding... The first serving was microwaved and rubbery, and when I (politely) inquired/complained, they agreed it was in fact put in the micro. She offered to refire the dessert but instead have it warmed in the oven, what an awesome difference. The fact that she took the initiative to correct this... And make this dish truly exceptional by warming it correctly. (I hate nuked food) shows what a honest and stand up restauranteur she is, plus the bread pudding was a little crispy on one side yet soft and yummy, just how I like it. Thanks for a lovely afternoon meal, I'll be back for a breakfastǾ
Love this place.  It's my hidden lunch/breakfast spot.  A terrible location for a restaurant, doesn't look like a restaurant from the outside at all. I use the cafe a lot since I work across the street.  They are currently running a $2.22 breakfast special with two eggs, two pieces of meat (sausage, bacon, ham, spam), hash browns, and 2 pancakes. I don't think I could make breakfast for that cheap. It's really good. They also have daily $5 lunch specials. The portions are always great, and the style of food runs the gamut. The food is always fresh and healthy tasting. The service can be a little slow sometimes (the waiter is sometimes the cook as well).Ǿ
We've been here and the food is great- best thing? THEY CATER!  This was our second year that they took over our entire Thanksgiving weekend and did a wonderful job. Monica is spot on with the paperwork & decorating- I don't know from table cloths & napkins & chair seats.....Chef Michael is creative & attentive, creating low sodium healthy dishes based on our family recipes that taste better than the originals... The server we had to help us was a sweetie, no one left unattended- not to mention her careful cleaning of my mom's china & silver! Not only did they make our weekend, but they did an amazing job at our wedding last year also! We never ran out of passed trays of food or drinks- we can't wait for this years X-mas party! When you find good people, you can relax & enjoy the party! I can't say enough good things- thank you Michael & Monica & staff!!!!!!Ǿ
Elite Emily talks about this place all the time, and when she said the Soup of the Day was chicken noodle, I was in. I happen to love soup, which, with me included with all my friends who love soup brings the total to 1. I don't care. I love soup. There, I said it. I also love "Murder, She Wrote" and playing Rummy. I'm a 75-year-old trapped in a thirtysomething body.

The ambiance makes it feel like you're in someone's kitchen. It's really nothing fancy... the most ornate thing is the front door, really. But the staff is friendly, and the menu is oft-changing, which is great. They post their specials on Facebook daily so you can take a look and see what you want before you go.

Although the soup left something to be desired (the chicken was bland and the noodles sparse), my main course was breakfast nachos and that was pretty good. A hot bed of tortilla chips, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, olives, tomatoes -- It was tasty, though it could have used a little more in the way of layering. By the time I was done, I had a pile of chips still left with no goodies to put on it.

The best part is that the whole lunch, with tip was about $15 for the soup, an entree, and a drink. Not a bad price for fresh-made food

It's a quaint little place, and I certainly wouldn't mind giving it another go.Ǿ
Worst experience ever in a restaurant. Horrible food. Bad service. Worst possible atmosphere. 45 mins to cook pancakes and eggs? We were the only customers! No, thank you, but no. Negative stars!Ǿ
Went to lunch with the younger sibling because I had bought a groupon, but this place is worth a visit even without one. There is nothing here that would distract you from the food. The large space and few tables makes it easy to have personal conversation without having to hear what the party next to you is talking about. 

The person that greets you at the front door will most likely be your server and you are told to have a seat anywhere. Promptly you are given a menu and your drink order is taken. The service is friendly and once you get we got our food, she stopped by to see if we were doing ok. Nothing fancy, but attentive. 

In less than fifteen minutes our food was out and on our table. I had ordered the Polish plate that consisted of two perogies with grilled onions, two potato latkes with apple sauce on the side, and a kilbasa with sauerkraut. The potato dumplings were light, fluffy, and paired well with the sweet and buttery onions. The potato pancakes were crisp on the edges while moist on the inside. Combined with the apple sauce; it was a nice contrast of sweet and salty. The kilbasa was my least favorite because it was too salty for my taste. Dipping it in mustard and eating it with the sauerkraut is an essential. My sister had got the steak sandwich and it was amazing. The steak is thin, but was the perfect proportion to the large bun. The crusty bread had a nice bite. The fried onions, tomato, slice of dill pickle, and lettuce gave even more texture to the sandwich. The seasoned fries are addictive. I could eat them by the basket full if they served them that way. I swear there is a faint taste of dill in there and it makes them even better. 

Make me wonder how much they charge to cater and if I can come up with some random event to get them to take care of the function.Ǿ
The parking lot is empty, the place is open, just saw someone looking out the door, they probably wondering where everyone has gone.  For Sunday morning, this place should be full.  

We get our choice of tables, our drinks are sent out right away.  Then we choose a few apps to start off with, asian spring rolls and the swedish meatballs.  They were both really good.  

I wanted to try the roasted tomato soup, one of their specialty.  It was thick and rich, not bad for a simple soup.  For my main entree, I got the frittata du jur, which today was spinach and bacon.  Very good.  I even got some of their homemade berry jam for the toast.  It was very berry, but not too sweet.  

Everything we tried today was good.  I would like to try other menu items, the desert, brownie fondue with wild berry dip, looks very interesting, so we'll have to return!Ǿ
Grabbed lunch after picking up Mom from the airport before our nail appointment.  Large portions, awesome food, friendly staff, and delicious iced tea.  I think they're only open for breakfast/lunch, which really is a bummer.

On the outside it looks a little shady, but when you go in, there's a nice open dining area that doesn't seem too busy in the middle of the week. I would totally go back!Ǿ
I was looking for a "taste experience" and found it.

I wanted that secret word of moth place not a show or furniture or shiny expensive looking.  I love nobu, french laundry just to name a few.
.where :food and flavors are the stars"  mcotrone7@gmail.com ncǾ
My mom bought my fiance and I a Groupon for A Thyme For All Seasons, and we finally got around to using it today.  I can't say I was too impressed.  My fiance got the pulled pork sandwich, and I ordered the Tex Mex salad.  We also both ordered a cup of the white chili.  The chili was pretty bland and didn't have any sauce to it - I felt like I was just eating a cup of ground meat.  Kinda weird.  The salad was very bland.  The chipotle dressing didn't have much flavor, nor did any of the ingredients in the salad (corn, roasted red peppers).  The chicken on top was pretty dry and cold.  My fiance's pulled pork sandwich was generic, and the roll it came on was stale.  His fries were cold.

In terms of atmosphere, I expected something different.  The restaurant's website portrays it as something more upscale than it was, or at least with a different vibe.  Instead, it was a room with mostly white walls, a black ceiling, and crappy dining sets.  Sure, the food is pretty cheap and I don't expect much... but come on, the ceiling tiles look like they have been spray-painted.    

On the upside, the waitress was very friendly and helpful.  And hey, I got the Groupon as a gift, so I'm thankful.  But would I come again and pay full price?  Not a chance.  Two stars.

EDIT:  In the interest of full disclosure, the manager of A Thyme For All Seasons contacted me and offered to have me come back in for a better experience.  Although I have not been back (it's a pretty far drive for me), I bumped the rating up a star because I appreciate managers who are willing to try to make things right for the customer.  I have also heard that things have gotten better in recent months, so take my review with a grain of salt.Ǿ
Went here for lunch yesterday. I really enjoy this place. I like how spread out t the tables are. I like how quiet it is. I work in a loud office. And I relish the peace of this place. Not to mention the food is great. 
I had the steak sandwich, it was delicious. The steak tender, the horseradish mayonnaise not too spicy, the fried onions crispy. 
My friend had the chicken wrap and she loved it. We had a great lunch and we got to talk to each other without shouting and enjoy a fabulous meal. The prices are good and each day they have a special. 
The waitress is sweet and attentive. Looking forward to my next visit.Ǿ
I visited this place for a quick bite on my lunch hour and was pleasantly surprised. Short story: good food, strange atmosphere. 
Long story: Not sure what to expect when I pulled up due to the outside appearance but I was on a short time limit so I figured why not try. From the outside, I couldn't even tell if this place was open or not. The large building sign seemed old and faded and the "open" sign in the window was not turned on. I asked a lady standing outside (who worked next door) if this place was open and she indicated it was. I was greeted as soon as I walked in by a friendly host/server and had my choice of tables as I was one of three ppl dining for lunch. As a solitary diner, I am always a bit put off by an empty dining room or awkward environment but I shrugged it off as another culinary adventure. Glad I did. While the dining room is (as some reviewers pointed out) empty and random like a "temporary cafe", I kind of dug it. I'm not a food snob by any means but I appreciate good food from an unassuming place. Soon after being seated I was offered potato skins, which I declined due to personal taste but they did smell good. I had a few moments to look around and the decor was almost there but just too random. Almost like a studio apt decorated by a guy with good ideas but no clue about style, design & placement. The lunch menu was short and sweet and I was torn between the Brie Grilled Cheese and the Grilled Chicken Panini. Based on the recommendation from my friendly server, I choose the panini. Since I was one of very few ppl, my lunch came out quickly and was presented beautifully. Fries were my chosen side and unfortunately a bit too greasy and floppy if you know what I mean (I always prefer them crunchy!). My sandwich was DELICIOUS (Hence the 3 stars)! Perfectly grilled chicken on yummy warm crispy bread and melty cheese and veggies. Super flavorful and not greasy. 
While the atmosphere isn't anything to write home about, my lunch was great. I WILL be back to try something new! 
**side note** I asked my server how long they'd been open and to my surprise he said about 2 yrs. The business was orig started as a catering company and the cafe opened as a ancillary part of the biz due great response. With a few minor adjustments, this place could totally take off.Ǿ
Drive-by Review:

Simple cafe seating, very roomy between tables, two tvs, friendly homey service, simple but good fare.  Crayons on the table & paper tablecloth - perfect for kids or adults who need to play Tic-Tac-Toe while waiting for lunch.  

Brie sandwich with tomato & cup of tomato soup - $7

I think they do catering as well - looks like you could probably book the restaurant for a nice party.Ǿ
I would have never found this place it was not for yelp.  Though this place is very close from the airport and the outlet mall,  it is hidden in a small business complex.  This place has a huge space but I found rather empty inside.  The decoration and interior really suck unfortunately.  Very cheap and I did not get what they were going for...very random.  

I ordered the Shrimp stew based on the recommendation on yelp.  It was kind of like Thai curry.  The soup itself was good but a little too much potato and less shrimp.  The garlic bread came with the stew was delicious and very buttery.  The stew was rather expensive compared with other items on the lunch menu.  It was $12 with tax.  It did not knock my socks off...I would rather order a Thai curry with shrimp than this stew.  They do have lunch from $6, which I find reasonable.  I saw other items people were having and they all look good.  

The service from the waitress was very nice.  I wish I ordered something else and saw what other people on yelp are seeing in this place.Ǿ
This is a nice casual lunch place. 

The chicken wings appetizer: I asked for them with sauce on the side.  They were fried up perfectly with minimal breading which is how I like them. Delish. They cook to order so these were still very hot and crispy when she brought them to my table. Enough for my evening meal, too.

The shrimp stew was excellent. I did add a little hot sauce to it but it was delish. The staff are very friendly.  The chef came out to talk to me. He mentioned that not too many people order that dish. I guess not, since it was 105 degrees outside that day, but I love shrimp. It would be excellent on a cool day, too.

It's close to home. Good service, good food, good value.

It's very easy to find; on Warm Springs a few blocks EAST of the outlet mall; a few blocks WEST of the 215 Warm Springs exit.

I'll be back soon.Ǿ
Came here for a special event. Based on the food served, I would not come as a paying customer. Bland penne with blander, sparse sauce. Overdone broccoli. Nice looking Caesar with big croutons and... ranch dressing? Ew. Chicken slimy something. Not sure what it was. 

Bathrooms were gas-station dirty.

Two stars for free food.Ǿ
I had a private dining room for breakfast.  OK, it wasn't private, there was just no one else there.  This was a really different place to come.  Evidently, I got there after the breakfast crowd had gone and before the lunch people came.  It was quite OK.

A gentleman greeted me at the door and said to sit wherever I wanted.  He brought a menu and said the server would be right there.  After a few minutes, she hadn't come out of the kitchen yet.  He asked me what I'd like to have and I asked him what the frittata of the day was.  He said, "I can make you anything you want."  He then gave me several options and I chose the frittata with sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese.

He had brought me coffee already and the server appeared from what she was doing while he went to the kitchen to work his magic.  The frittata was soon delivered along with the rye toast I requested.  The toast had some house made "jam" that they made from fresh fruits.  The fruits were cooked down until there was some thickness and then sweetened the server explained to me.  It was more of a dipping sauce than a spread but it was very good!

I finished this fine breakfast.  Service was really very good.  I know I caught them at a bad time as they must have been preparing for their lunch crowd.  This was an excellent breakfast and I'm glad I finally got to try this place.Ǿ
I will not be coming back anytime soon I ordered a cheeseburger and fries and it was just bad. The Fries were black and just gross looking and also made me sick. The burger was alright and was able to tolerate half. I'm a big bring it home even if it is for the dog and I wouldn't even do that. Their service was good slow but the man was very nice and accommodated the large party we had. Was really rooting for them but was just disappointed.  It was a $13 mistake.Ǿ
Home cooked delights. 

In a part of town often overlooked by locals & tourists a like, sits this cozy little cafe tucked away from the glam & shine of the vegas lights. Unappealing on the outside, the restaurants exemplifies with what it hides within.

Simplicity shines & the feeling of something real envelopes your sense & whet's the appetite for what is to come. The polish plate had definitely struck home, as its flavors generously envelopes the buds. Oh as they long for more of the pan fried sauerkraut, that layers itself on top of the kielbasa. A seismic tremor of homely indulgence that emanate from the pierogies.

The bold richness of the roasted tomato soup, subdues the cold chill of the day & warms the oven of the body, as the tang beckons you for more.

The hostess, warm & welcoming, the chef hospitable to great lengths as bringing me the aromatic soup himself. Kudos.

Snapping back to reality, the potato pancakes were a slight let down, in terms of complimentary side dish, but still good nonetheless. I couldn't quite relate to the ambiance, maybe it was the lighting but that's just me.Ǿ
This place is pretty good, the apple pancake, breakfast lasagna, chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy are a must for breakfast (not in one sitting of course). For lunch you can never go wrong with the meatloaf. I would not recommend the cabanara.. I got sick from it and they put wayyyyy tooo much egg in it, and the bacon was undercooked. My friends highly recommend the Cuban too. This place has the best prices for a great meal. You definitely leave here feeling full for under $10. The daily specials are a GREAT deal and they change daily.. usually there's about 6 items on the daily special to choose from. You will spend about $6-12 here and leave full.Ǿ
I was really looking forward to eating here but today they were closed at 1:20.  Their hours say they should have been open until 3.  They sort of looked out of business.  Does anyone know if they are still open or not?Ǿ
This place is awesome! Don't be deterred by the appearance and its location. Great brunch!!! I had the special pork chop and my wife had the Brie grilled cheese. Great service and great food!Ǿ
What is this place?  From the outside, during the day, I couldn't tell this place was even open.  The empty parking lot, leasing signs and the lack of windows should have been our warning.  It was like a scene from Bridemaids.  Once inside, we were greeted with an empty room that resembled a temporary dining hall rather than a restaurant and the televison with non-stop infomercials didn't help.  I wanted to leave but I was still holding on to hope that the yelpers before me gave it 4 stars for reason. 

We ordered Chicken & Waffles which were smothered in gross, lumpy gravy that tasted sweet.  My daughter scraped off as much as she could, and ended up eating my shortstack of pancakes which I couldn't swallow because they were super dry.  No amount of butter or syrup could save them.  The only redeeming entree was my son's Breakfast Nachos.  "Redeeming" is being generous since I like the concept of breakfast nachos but their execution was lacking.  I would suggest melting the cheese and adding salsa, sour cream and guac to make it more than just chips with scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and olives topped with cheese and tomatoes.  Service was ok, she was nice enough, but it did feel like she wasn't really expecting customers to walk in.  We could have just missed the breakfast rush, but I doubt it.  
Yelpers failed me on this one.Ǿ
Was a little worried as location was not great. Walking in ambiance is so-so. If it wasn't for yelp I wouldn't have sat down. Thank god for yelp because everything this place lacks it makes up for in great tasting food! Menu is diverse and plating is spectacular. Everything you could expect from a four star restaurant without the price or location. Which is a good thing as most four star places around here require too much commitment. Will eat here every time I come to VegasǾ
I spent weeks looking for a caterer for my wedding without any luck, but when I found Monica and Michael, I was thrilled!  They were very professional, courteous, answered all of my questions, and even sent me an e-mail a couple of weeks before the wedding, just to make sure everything was going smoothly for me.

After our initial conversation, we set up an appointment and we met with Michael for a tasting. I loved the menu that he had prepared and settled on that menu for our wedding reception. We met once more at the venue and Michael asked so many questions of the venue's manager, even asking questions that we hadn't thought of (I would NEVER have thought to see if lit candles were allowed for my centerpiece, but Michael did!).  All the food was delicious and they also took care of the tablecloths for us as well. Everyone loved the food; Chicken Piccata and Green Beans Almondine were the favorites!

When the event was over, their staff cleaned up the venue and left it in immaculate condition, so I'm still in the good graces of the kitchen staff at our church!

Not that I use a caterer often, but I can promise that if I ever use another caterer, I will call A Thyme for All Seasons again and I will definitely recomment them to everyone else!Ǿ
I just wanted to say that this is still one of those hidden gems and one of my favorite places.!!   Went there for A weekday lunch  -  the service is ALWAYS fast and the people there are so nice.  Tried the creamy corn chowder and one of the daily specials - Crisp Pork Loin Apple Salad with shaved Apples & Roasted Hazelnuts Served on a Bed of Mixed Greens with Raspberry Vinaigrette on the side ( It was actually roasted chickpeas which were soooo tastsy that I took some back to work to snack on!)   Hubby had the Grilled chicken sandwich with fresh fruit.  We were pleasantly surprised with the flavor in both our meals - we wanted to lick the plates!! ....Great reasonable prices for the exceptional quality of food they dish out.   Get on their email list - they will send you their daily specials!  (They are also caterers and use there restaurant for special events too!!)Ǿ
Great service, delicious food, and pleasant decor. We'll be back.Ǿ
With the help of Groupon and the positive review from Christopher G., the Husband and I checked out A Thyme For All Seasons last week.

Located in a catering space, there are tables spread throughout.  When we walked in, we had our pick of tables and chose one in the far back.

The Husband chose the Cuban Sandwich "with Roasted Pork, Ham, Mayonnaise, Mustard, Pickles & Swiss Cheese" ($8.50).  He was quite impressed and thought it was better than some of the other Cuban sandwiches he's had from Cuban restaurants.  He particularly liked the sliced roasted ham pieces too.

I chose the New York Steak Sandwich "with Horseradish Mayonnaise topped with Fried Onions" ($8.95).  I loved the thinly sliced fried onions and the hearty sandwich overall.  The steak came out just as I ordered it to be - medium rare.

Both sandwiches came with seasoned fries which were very good!  We'd order more fries as a side if we could!  

Service - the waitresses were friendly but not the most efficient.  Our waitress was very attentive in the beginning with getting our drink and food orders.  But someone else brought our food out and no one came to check on us.  It took a lot of waving to get our waitress back to ask for more condiments.  The Husband was practically done with his sandwich before I could get their attention.  (I also noticed other customers having to help themselves to the A1 sauce, ketchup, etc. since the staff weren't around.)  There were at least two waitresses on the day we went and they were both near the front and didn't look back our way.  

There was also a slight mix up with food delivery - A few minutes after we ordered, an appetizer appeared on our table.  We thought it was a complimentary item but realized that it was quite a generous appetizer and I remembered seeing it on the menu.  So we waved down the guy who brought it out to us and told him it wasn't ours and indeed, it was for another table.  So, they definitely have to pay more attention to the tickets and the tables.  

Another note, the busboy was a bit too anxious with wanting to clear our plates.  The Husband was still holding his sandwich when the busboy asked if he was done so he could take his plate.  (I was definitely still eating.)  I get the feeling like you're being rushed when plates are cleared too quickly.

We did appreciate the chef coming out to every table to see how the food was, and that was one thing that we didn't have any complaints about at all.

Overall, the food was good and we purchased more groupons as a result.  Those slight service issues can be overlooked with a simple and tasty lunch menu offered.  There were no daily specials at the moment since the groupon special was running.  They also offer a free appetizer with a yelp review, so we'll see if they still honor that on our next visit.

4.5 stars.Ǿ
I love this place. I've actually wanted to try this place for awhile but only until I saw a few recent recommendation in the yelp threads I've committed myself of going. It's located in a corner plaza off Warm Springs and Placid, there's a PT's, Bono, and Shell's gas station in the same plaza

The owner is super friendly at least the wife was, I haven't met the husband but he cooks some really good food. She gave me 5 star customer service.

Inside there is a lot of space for huge parties.  It's light and bright, a pleasant feel to it like I should run in the meadows LOL.  The tables are covered with bright white paper, with it's own different pottery rock!? with a word, mine was "wish" it better come true LOL. There's also a creative paper flower which caught my eyes after I noticed it wasn't a real flower. Love arts and crafts projects.

As it goes for food, yummy.  I was hungry but not really hungry so wanted something just good.  I asked the lady owner and she recommended trying something on the special daily menu. I love special daily menus especially if it have today's date on it, it  has to be truly special.  I went with the chicken kabobs with hummus and pita platter, that's what she recommended, excellent choice.  Who knew something like kabobs with hummus and pita would ever satisfy me!? certainly not me LOL. I need to find out when its on the menu again. As I waited for my meal she brought out some hummus balls to sample, tasty.  The chicken kabobs were juicy with a hint of lemon!? nice chunks of well seasoned chicken, onion, and peppers. It come with a bowl of humus and some pita quarters, no idea I'd really like the stuff.

I originally came for the brie grilled cheese and tomato soup so I'll be back for you too and maybe something else from the special daily menu. Open daily from 7am-3pm, I can see myself coming here for breakfast before work. They have free delivery and do cater.Ǿ
We will not be returning... EVER! Certain staff members are really creepy (you feel as though you need to keep an eye on your purse). And why does this place smell so bad? It's hard to enjoy a meal when you feel like gagging from the over-whelming smell of a backed-up toilet.Ǿ
This will be short as I haven't even stepped foot in this place. I've had it booked marked to try for a long time. 

One of my offices is located near by and I'm so glad I thought of it as a take out option. We looked up the menu online and were pleasantly surprised at the off beat as well as traditional selections.
Here are a few:

Citrus Salad with Pork Bellies 
Polish Plate - Homemade peirogies, Kielbasa with Sauerkraut & Potato Pancakes   
Bacon, Egg & Provolone Burger
California Wrap  
Brie Grilled Cheese w/ Roasted Tomato Soup
Bread Pudding with Bourbon Caramel

I have the pork bellie salad and loved it!

Next time I will dine at the cafe & update my review, till then check it out!Ǿ
We walked in and the place was empty except for one other couple. The hostess/waitress was vacuuming and then mopping the entire place while we were there. They close in an hour. Could it wait until your customers are gone? Finally, the waitress/hostess/ poor woman cleaning was sick as a dog! She was coughing while she vacuumed, coughing while she mopped and coughing while she brought out our food! She should not be serving food to customers let alone working! She was very sweet and we felt bad for the review but she should be in bed. Food was fine but if it comes with a cold..... Yuck!Ǿ
Used my Groupon and was very happy with this find.  Reasonably priced, very clean, and definitely a 'mom and pop shop'.

I got the Polish plate ($8.95) and would totally order it again.  My friend got the sausage and peppers and that was tasty too!  It's in the same plaza as Bono's and PT's if you are looking for it.

Give it a try it's good :)