I grew up in Chicago and enjoyed many a Pizza in my days there. Since I left it was a struggle finding something as good. Well this chain is a truly great Pizza. And I would give them a try笑
While most pizzerias in Vegas are obsessed with pretending they're from New York, the best pizza is from Chicago--thick crust, fresh ingredients and tasty sauce.  So delicious and substantial that one slice makes a full meal.  

Rosati's has brought the genius of the Windy City pizza pie to Vegas and they've done a brilliant job.  Most delivery places in Vegas will bring you a pizza 1/2 a step above the frozen cardboard you find in the grocery aisle.  Don't wallow in pizza mediocrity.  Order a pie from Rosati's and learn what you've been missing.笑
Their website http://www.rosatispizza.com/ and Yelp both read 11am open for business. It is now 11:42am and I have not been able to get a hold of them. This was an order for a company catering event. They just lost out on that sale. I will not call this restaurant again.笑
SO glad they reopened this restaurant.  I have tried other area pizzas, and no one makes them as well as Rosati's.  You can tell the difference in the ingredients, especially the sauce, the sausage, the peppers, the cheese. I love the thin crust--stays crispy enough to enjoy cold the next day.  Anyway-- welcome back to the neighborhood!笑
We always orders the Chicago style pizza and loved it but tonight I ordered the thin crust and was very happy with it. I picked up the pizza at the new location and it looks like they have  a great seating area笑
HUGE HUGE Pizza.  My wife and I got a Chicago-Style Pie for the two of us and we definitely over ordered.  Unless you plan on eating pizza for 3 days, I would get a small for just 2 people.  It felt like the box literally weighed 10 lbs...which I suppose isn't a bad thing because it meant they certainly didn't skimp on the toppings.  If you like Chicago-Style pizza you know how important the sauce on top of the pie is.  My wife who is Italian and who can be a picky eater really liked the sauce, and I couldn't disagree.

We ordered out so I can't comment on the actual location and service, but based on the quality of the food we got I would totally go back with a few friends to split some pizza and some other favorites on the menu.笑
I came here for the Italian Beef Sandwich. The Flavor and Taste was excellent. If this is something you crave from Chi Town, you wont go wrong. I have not tried the Pizza yet.笑
Walked into the store and ordered 14" Deep Dish, Meatballs, two Cannoli and a can of Dr. Pepper. No other customers were there and the phone wasn't ringing off the hook from what I could tell. 

As I waited, I heard the register girl laughing in the back, "They said they wanted to speak to the manager. I told them I WAS the manager. Ha ha ha." That should have been a red flag. 

The order was ready in a half hour and I took it to my car. I asked my wife to check for the Dr. Pepper. It was missing. SO I went in and got it. 

When we got home, we ate the pizza and meatballs. Both were good. But when we reached for dessert, we found out that they gave us cheese cake instead of cannoli. We were really looking forward to the cannolli. How hard is it to get an order right when nobody else is in the store? I may order pizza from them again but I'll make sure to check EVERYTHING. Can't stand incompetence or indifference.笑
Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyy!

Ordered delivery - 12" classic combo (hubby's favorite pizza toppings) on pan crust with alfredo sauce instead of tomato. Was offered a free one-topping 12" just for signing up with my email address! score...I got myself a 12" pepperoni and made it a deep dish for just a few bucks extra. Was quoted an hour delivery time - pizzas arrived in 45-50 min.
Pizzas were hot and super heavy and once in our mouths - super yummy! We finally found a pizza spot that we LOVE!  Their alfredo sauce was nicely balanced and the ingredients are of high quality. Hopefully they could keep up this rep with us for future orders.

Yes - we are fans!笑
I want to give this place a good rating, but a few things are bothering me.

First off, this place is only a storefront.  Meaning, you can't dine in here.  It's like one of those Pizza Hut delivery only locations, except there aren't even any tables.  So you either have to carry out or get it delivered.  Meh.

The first time, I tried the "Rosati's Famous Ribs."  They were decent, but far from the best I've tasted.  They're of the St. Louis variety; thick and meaty, but soft and easy to consume.  The sauce was very strong and overpowering.  A much better alternative is Ellis Island BBQ, if you're just going for the ribs, otherwise I'd just settle for half a rack and something else.

Next, I tried the pizza.  The lady I ordered from was very unclear over the phone.  I wanted to try the Rosati's Pan Pizza (the thick crust; like the Chicago style, but without all those extra gross tomatoes on top).  There was a miscommunication and I ended up with the double dough crust (which is the thin crust, doubled up with more crust).  I was disappointed by the mistake, but the pizza was still good (the crust was merely okay).  I also had the BBQ wings, which were very good.

All in all, it's a 4 star rating for the food, but a mediocre 3 for the presentation and customer service.笑
Ordered from here tonight. I was so excited to have deep dish! I lived in Chicago for 37 years and terribly miss deep dish. So glad Rosati's is out here in Las Vegas. Until tonight. My pizza I had delivered was raw. The supervisor Alison was very rude. Kept saying they're all timed so it can't be raw. She wouldn't let me get a word in. Amateur supervisor no doubt. Her manager wouldn't let her refund it without the pizza. Are you kidding me?! What are they going to do with it? After I paid for delivery, they wanted me to drive it back. Sorry, have your driver come get it. After too much discussion they finally did. I showed the driver and she said "that's what it's supposed to look like". Sorry, I have had many deep dish and none were raw. This is clearly NOT what it's supposed to look like. They wouldn't refund delivery either. Terrible pizza and even worse customer service! I had to give one star or this wouldn't post, but I'd really give them no stars.笑
Easily one of the top pizza places in town.  Thin crust is the way to go but you can't go wrong with deep dish either.  The only downside is the price.  It is pretty expensive but I will usually pay for the best.笑
We love Chicago style pizza. This place is practically across the street from our house. This should be a match made in heaven. Sadly, no. The cost is way more than it should be. The staff are not happy. The order will be wrong more often than right. And to top it off, the taste isn't that great. I can't recommend it.笑
The woman at the counter took my order. Very polite and professional...however.......it took almost 35 minutes with a slow amount of business (and for the record, I am a professional Chef, with a degree and almost 30 years experience)....... Not only did I wind up whistling to get SOMEBODYS attention.....but they got the order wrong .......so I wound up spending 52.95 on what I ordered and it was completely screwed up. How do you screw up wings and pizza?.... I also ordered a side of anchovies , which they charged me for, and I didn't receive. Apparently the "strong arming people" out of their money is a characteristic that they didn't leave in Chicago.........needless to say....I will not be returning to this joke of a restaurant. And there's better pizza and wings elsewhere...... Its sad really. If the "kids" in the back could focus on their job instead of cracking jokes constantly, the place might be worth going back to...but at this point, I can't see me returning. And believe me, I will be spreading the word. Don't forget (and you can tell this to the jokers in the back who call themselves "cooks", when people leave a restaurant they tell at least five people of their experience.....so they have , as I will so eloquently put it, shot themselves in the foot....笑
I have been coming here since 1995 , when I first moved to Las Vegas. I love the deep dish Chicago pizza . Just picked up a deep dish Chicago pizza and it was delicious !  Tim the new Kitchen manager  has  maintained the famous Rosati's sauce and crust  and  after  coming here for now unbelievable 19 years it's comfort food at its best .笑
This was our first visit to Rosati's. We were greeted by Courtney who was amazing, friendly and helpful with our order. Deep dish pizza's duration was about 45mins so order first before coming to the store. Pizza was delicious. We think it should be cooked a lil more. Next time, we'll have to get the smaller ones.笑
Well, I'm sad to see all the negative experiences people here on Yelp have had.  I have to say that my husband and I love Rosati's.  We've tried just about every other pizza place in the area, yet we keep coming back here.  Why?  Well...the pizza is great.  We usually order the thin-crust pizza but the toppings vary depending on our mood--I'm a big fan of the Veggie; my husband loves his custom-made with lots of meat.  Either way, it's delicious, and we've never been disappointed with the pizza.  As far as their other food, though...well, hit or miss.  Husband loves the Cheef roast beef sandwich with hot peppers on garlic bread, and says it's great about 90% of the time.  I occasionally enjoy an antipasto but usually have to ask for extra meats and cheeses because otherwise, you mostly get a big bowl of iceberg lettuce.  So this rating mostly for the pizza--we love it.

As far as the service, though...that's another thing entirely.  If we didn't like the pizza so much, the service would chase us elsewhere, honestly.  On the phone they are curt, rude, and generally act like they don't want to be bothered (though the delivery people are usually pretty decent).  One night after giving my order on the phone, I mentioned I had a coupon, and the guy actually said, "well you have to give it to me before the f**k'n order!"  And, I mean, I'm not bothered by cursing, but jeez, in that situation, it was pretty out of line.

In a nutshell...we're pretty laid back people who can put up with snotty service for great pizza.  We'll continue to go there, at least for a while.笑
Embarassed to say that we ate at this Rosati's every week the first year we were here until they closed a short time ago.  I even wrote corporate to see if they would reopen. Just imagine my glee when I found out they would be reopening!   That's where my joy ends.  We ordered the exact same thing we've been ordering and were very saddened with what we got.  If you know Rosati's italian beef (from Illinois or from when this loc was previously open) then you know what I was expecting....  an overstuffed sandwhich with lots of peppers and a big ol' pile of melted cheese...that is sooooo far from what I got.  Barely 6 pieces of meat, you could see at least 2 - 21/2 inches of the bread inside the sandwhich there was so little filling. Disappointing to say the least.  The pizza sauce tasted like tomato soup (???) and was close, but not as good as the old ones.  I'm hoping there is a learning curve with the new management, but not going to hold my breath as I have ordered 3 since they reopened and sadly, they were all the same.   Our search continues for good pizza and beef.... sigh.笑
Worst service ever from the manager!!!  She was rude, very condescending and flat our a complete ignorant human being.  They deliver cold food not cooked correctly, and orders have been wrong on several occasions.  The question would be for me than why would I order more than one time just in case it was a bad day, because we all have them...  NOPE on three different occasions we had these problems.  You could not pay me to spend money or eat at this place ever again.笑
Pizza is good. But its over priced. We go here when our regular pizza place is closed.笑
BEWARE this Rosati's has changed ownership and you should avoid it.

We placed a phone order for delivery at 6:50 and were told it would be 45 minutes. One hour and 15 minutes later we called back and they had lost the address. It wasn't clear if they had made the pizzas and they were sitting around or if they just lost the whole order. In any case, they said they'd send them right out.

We live 7 minutes away. 35 minutes later we called again and got more confusing answers about who was the manager and where our order was. We asked for a refund and told them we still wanted our pizza. Their response was that we would have to pay if we wanted the pizza, so we told them to just issue a refund and keep the pizzas. They said OK.

We then called and placed an order with another nearby pizza place. During the call, the doorbell rang with Rosati's delivery person. Based on what we were told on the phone, we turned him away. He explained that they were under new management and had been messing things up all over the place. He left with the pizzas.

What a fiasco. Maybe if they stay in business long enough to figure out how to handle a simple pizza order it will be good again. We'll never know, as we're never going to be their customers again.笑
I was in the area and was craving Chicago style pizza. Did a quick search and found this place. 

Ordered the Chicago style meat mania. The dough didn't taste fresh because the crust was hard, there was too much ground beef on it and the sauce tasted like it was out of a jar. Also got the double dough Monster and the cheese was rubbery and the green olives were unpleasant. Also got wings and they tasted like frozen out of the bag wings which also turned rubbery after a while. 

Overall this place is overpriced and overhyped. Those two pizzas and 12 wings was 60 bucks. Definitely won't be wasting my money here again.笑
I always have the tough choice of Buon Gusto, Windy City and Rosati's. They're all about 2 miles apart.  But I wouldn't throw out 4 stars to mediocre pizza. This is great pizza. I am spoiled having such great pizza so close to home.笑
must have msg in it 

i had pains in my left arm for days and have no heart conditions or bp issues 

i been checked wtf is in it never again笑
I'm very serious about pizza.  Best delivery pizza by far available for us. Classic Chicago style. Quick delivery time. Polite staff. Good job guys.笑
I was having my pizza cravings...  Read the Yelp! reviews and Rosati's Pizza got my attention.  So, I went online to check out the menu and called in to order a Thin Crust Chicken Alfredo Pizza but to please hold the tomatoes.  FYI, the online menu showed:  Grilled Chicken, Sautéed Spinach, Tomato and Alfredo Sauce.  However, when our pizza came, there were only Grilled Chicken and Onions.  Uh... where are the spinach?!  Why are there onions instead?!  

I also ordered "White Pizza" or "Bianca Pizza".  The online menu showed: Olive Oil, Fresh Garlic, Sautéed Spinach, Fresh Sliced Tomatoes and Basil.  However, when our pizza came, I couldn't taste the garlic or basil.  Seriously?!   

Let's just say that I wasn't happy.  So, I picked up the phone and complained about the mistakes and to my surprise, a very nice gentleman who answered the phone was extremely apologetic.  He explained that the online menu for Chicken Alfredo pizza was incorrect -- actually it should have "onions" instead of "spinach" -- but he also acknowledged that that was not my problem and he'll report that and will get that fixed online.  In fact, he was so cool ... he thanked me for taking the time to call and told me he'll "credit" my next order just to get my business to come back and give them another try.  I was resistant at first ... but his tone was so genuine that I thanked him for his offer.     

To top it off, he called me back after we hung up and apologized for being rude and not asking me if I would like "new pizzas with the correct ingredients" on them.  Thank you, I really appreciate the offer -- but I can only eat so much carb for one night.   :-)  

I'm definitely a FAN for the exceptional "care" that was given AFTER the mistakes were made. However, I'm giving this place a 3-star for now... simply base on tonight's "whole experience".   Overall, the pizza had the "right" amount of cheese on them and the crust was perfectly crispy.  I just wish I knew how it would have tasted with the "right" ingredients. 

Stay tuned for my "credit" order review!  LOL.笑
I used to really like this place, they would deliver to our place of business many times, then all of a sudden they started saying things like "we are too busy to go that far" or "we dont have enough drivers on today" VERY LAZY. Why would you deliver like 20 times, then suddenly stop to a regular weekly customer!?!?!  NO THANKS. also the pizza is like $23 too. Metro is a better option now.笑
This place blows.  If only I can give 0 star on yelp.. I would give it to this place.  I ordered pizza for our potluck at work and picked it up during my lunch break.  Guess what? The cook forgot the pizza and it burnt so they need another 10 minutes to make it? Who does that? What a complete waste of time.  To top it off.. they gave me a $5 coupon for inconvinience? What makes you think I'm coming back after this stunt.. THIS PLACE RUINED MY DAY. i hate it.笑
If I could select ZERO stars I would! This is the worst service ever! For the 4th time in a row - and it's really my own fault for going back there - my $40+ order was wrong! When I called to let them know, they said I could bring back the wrong food and wait for the right food to be prepared! If this was the first time, I might have done that - which is what I did the first time...but this is not the first time! I was told that they couldn't deliver the right food because their delivery people are independent contractors and it costs them per delivery - well, it just cost them a customer - and hopefully others who read this will NEVER order from this restaurant either! Then, the few bucks it would have cost them to pay their independent contractor delivery person  will seem like nothing compared to the amount of business profit they have lost. DONE WITH ROSATI'S ON WIGWAM AND PECOS FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!笑
Food is good.. but SOME of staff is very very rude. When I ordered from this location the girl on the phone very rudely stated "You know there's a location closer to your address." not kindly very rudely. Yea I do but the menus at each location are different. She basically said I don't want your money. Then the pizza got delivered to my OLD address she didn't even ask what address was correct just quickly hung up the phone. When I called to tell the girl its been a while since the food was ordered I figured out it was the old address and of course she was ticked off and even more rude. Thanks but no thanks wont be ordering here again. MAMA DE PALMAS is the place to go food  is better and staff cared about my business.笑
We recently placed a delivery order for some pizza, our friend told us they had Chicago style pizza so we ran with it.  

It has been awhile since I have had Chicago style pizza I had forgotten how utterly over whelming it can be.  The pizza must have weighed 15 pounds and was over an inch thick with crust and toppings.  One piece and I was stuffed so three pieces in for the three of use and we are only slightly over 1/4 done!  Guess I'm having cold pizza for breakfast!  

It was spendy but the toppings were generous and tasty, the delivery time reasonable.笑
Horrific. Ordered a cheef.... bread was stale and chewy, the meat was crispy and tasted like dog food....horrific, the cheese was rubbery... And though I ordered extra giardinara... hardly any came. The breaded mushrooms were soggy and tasted like they were sitting under a heat lamp for hours, the garlic knots were chewy and there was nothing garlic about the chewy bread I received. Not to mention it took an hour and a half when the girl on the phone said 45 minutes to an hour. This place used to be good... I will NEVER order from here again笑
In my opinion this is the best pizza in the city.  Originally being from the midwest I never could get used to the greasy New York style pizza that seems to be so popular here.  I haven't tried the deep dish but I will tell you that the thin crust is pretty much just like I used to get back home.  Cracker thin with a crunch, fresh tomato sauce, and toppings that go under the cheese... this is as good as it gets.笑
Being a Chicago native I've searched all of Las Vegas to find some Chicago style foods ... I found Hot Dog Heaven ...which was good because i just began my search ... then I found Chicago Dogs and I was hooked on them for a long time but it was way out of my way but worth the ride ... and then I moved ... and found Rosati's it was perfect deep dish pizza but then they CLOSED ... no notice at all ... I had pizza hut that night ... I found my next Rosati's on Silverado Ranch ... and they were consistent as the wigwam location the pizza was great ... I will request my pizza cut in squares next time ... but i gotta try the Italian Beef next ... I recommend Rosati's for deep dish Chicago style pizza ... you won't be disappointed and you wont have to eat pizza hut笑
. .  We're visiting from Cali... We weren't too impressed.  We ordered at 5:59pm..3 pizzas total of $90 for delivery..mind you. . There's a delivery charge. .We were told our pizzas will be delivered in an hour.  After snacking on popcorn and cheese balls for 1.5 hrs... we realized our pizzas hadn't been delivered yet. I called at 7:30pm.. I was put on hold, then was told our pizzas are in their way.  . .7:45.. they finally arrived!  We tell the senior citizen delivery man this isn't right we waited so long! ! He puts the pizza back in the bag then tells me to call the mngr! My husband then tells HIM to call the mngr!! Ehhhh... I called!  Mngr tells me she's sorry. . She will talk to her people who took the order. . She goes on to say the pizzas we ordered takes 40 mins to make. . Had I known. ..I wouldn't have ordered!! Either take $20 off or take your pizzas back!! ... The Hubby was NOT happy. .. but Thank you mngr Jessica for recognizing your staffs error of misinformation and taking $20 off.. but next visit to Vegas. .our business will go elsewhere. . Especially because our crust was burnt!笑
Probably the best delivery pizza around.   Consistently good.  I've been ordering from them for years.  Some say a bit more pricey than others but you get what you pay for.笑
I always get delivery. They're always earlier then what they state. The food is always good and my order is always correct.笑
When we are in the mood for a great Chicago style pizza, we order from Rosatti's. I don't pretend to know what "authentic" Chicago style pizza is, but the stuff you can get from Rosatti's has never failed to elicit astonished demands from friends I serve it to--to know where in the world I bought it.
Delicious pizza, and yes, the storefront on Warm Springs is not impressive, but why should it be? Nobody would go there to eat it, they swing by to pick it up and take it home!笑
Really disappointed by pizza and appetizers tonight. the folks next to us also commented on dry pizza. the chicken wings and calamari were just awful.笑
this was my first time coming here and it will be my last! my chicago deep dish pizza was not cooked thoroughly! The pizza was uncooked in the middle. I could literally make dough balls out of the uncooked dough. It was disgusting and the worst experience of deep dish pizza ever. A waste of $35. What a donation -__-笑
My girlfriends wanted pizza and delivery.  I had their flyer on my refrigerator for some time so my friend said "lets order". 

1. The veggie extra cheese pizza was cooked well and tasted great. We got wings too. Just OK wings.

2. Our order was delivered in 40 minutes.  Our food was hot... right out of the oven fresh.

3. The staff is friendly.  Our phone order person was peppy. Real friendly.  The delivery guy was all smiles and grateful for the big tip.

I woulda done 5 stars but the wings were kinda yuck.笑
Checked out the new location on Eastern and the pizza was awesome!  Glad to see this one is close to my work.  Good Luck on the new location...笑
Went for the Chicago style pizza. Check out the pictures I uploaded.

The staff was very warm and friendly, and provided excellent and fast service. Such good service is rare these days so extra points for that.

The Chicago style pizza had about 2 inch sides and a relatively thick (1 inch) crust for Chicago style. True Chicago style is not thick crust, however this crust was soft if spongy and the slice was not rigid. Look at the picture to see what I mean. The sides of the crust were crispy but relatively dry and did not have a particularly buttery taste. 

The toppings were good and spread evenly throughout the pizza.

The sauce was quite balanced, bordering more on the tangy rather than the sweet. I do think the pizza was a bit light on the sauce.

Price was about $20 for a HUGE and very heavy 16" Chicago style pizza, not unreasonable considering the pizza weighed almost 7 lbs, easily feeds 3-4 people.

Overall this place has great service and very friendly staff (a rarity these days). It is one of the few places in the valley for Chicago style pizza and one that doesn't disappoint. However, I do think that Amore is still the best Chicago pizza in Las Vegas.笑
I've been buying pizza here for well over a couple of years. I loved it. Unfortunately they just moved to a new location over Eastern and closed the Wigwam store. I asked the guys at Wigwam if it would be the same and they said yes but that they were opening a dining room too. I order the first pizza there and it was significantly different than the one at Wigwam. Visited the store and didn't recognized anyone working there. Order a second time over the phone and I was reassured that it was the same "owner". Pizza arrived and just by picking it up I could tell the difference. Their Chicago deep dish is at least 30% lighter than the ones I used to get at Wigwam. That means less crust, less cheese, less everything. The pizza is not bad but I'm disappointed at the blatant change in their quality while there's been no change on the prices. While I still enjoy it, it is definitely not worth it to spend $25 on a pizza here. That's the problem with franchises....sure same owner, but the product is not the same at all. Shame on them for affording the cost of opening a dining room by cutting down the pizza materials for loyal customers. I'll make my own from now on or shop somewhere else.笑
I have had good food from here in the past BUT this time the food was garbage.  Thin crust pizza was so greasy that the grease was dripping out of the bottom of the box.  The mushrooms were deflated w tiny mushrooms inside the big breaded casings.  Gordon Ramsey would of gone off.  And to top it all the foods overpriced for the quality.  I ended up throwing the rest in the trash.  I never through pizza in the trash.  

Like they say on the Shark Tank..

I'm Out笑
This place is horrible! We ordered an order of fingers and the size was small they looked like they took frozen fingers and then deep fry them.  We also order fries it had no flavor and a calzone. 3 items totaled $27 with a 10 percent coupon what a rip off!!!笑
After living in Chicago for 6 months I got a major addiction to Chicago-style "stuffed" pizza. I was never able to find anything that came close to living up to Chicago standards anywhere else in the country until I tried Roasti's here in Vegas. 

To be 100% honest, I would NEVER order Rosati's in Chicago. It doesn't live up to Giordanno's or Art of Pizza or Lou Malnati's. BUT for Vegas I think this pizza is awesome and definitely stays true to the "art form" that is Chicago pizza. I hate when places call their pizza Chicago style and just serve you pan-pizza. Chicago pizza is NOT pan pizza. 

The bottom of the crust shouldn't be too thick.. the cheese has to be stringy and gooey and the tomato sauces goes on TOP. That is Chicago style! The cheese.. the crust.. the sauce.. this place has it going on! While it certainly couldn't hold it's own in the city of Chicago (in my opinion), it's the best I've found in Vegas by FAR. Pie town doesn't even come close to living up.笑
OK, down and dirty: You want Chicago-style pizza, Italian beef, and ribs in Vegas, and you don't want to have Lou Malnati's deliver overnight?  This is it. This particular restaurant is getting ready to close and reopen on Warm Springs and Eastern with a full sit down restaurant and bar.  I just wish there was one closer to me on the east side of town.笑
The pizza is a slice of heaven! There was a new driver who couldnt follow directions but otherwise a perfect pizza pie experience. SO GLAD YOU ARE BACK!!!!!!! Tried the wings for the first time and even I was impressed with them. Im a wing snob so good job!笑
Ordered a bbq chicken deep dish and thin crust pizza for an office event. Both pies met the mark. The bbq pizza was a bit twangy and not as good as the last time I had tried it. Needless to say I hadn't paid for it the last time,  food tends to taste better that way.

Overall if you are looking for solid pizza and come have east coast roots like me this may be your best shot at acquiring some sort of Deja Vu.笑
Lady on the phone said we are out of the delivery range even it was under 4 miles and I was referred to them by another rosatis. Worst service not recommended.笑
Talk about crap everything. Try the pizza at Costco $10 pie cooked there much better. Yo Pizza help  what are you taking the cheese and the sauce home give some to the paying customers. The freaking heroes are tiny barely any cheese barely any sauce you don't even use authentic Italian bread and the bread that is used is soaking wet like a sponge. Shame on you shouldn't even use an Italian name. 

This place is way overrated I'm disgusted. It should be closed down.

WAIT THEY DID CLOSE DOWN. NOW CLOSE ALL THE OTHER ROSATI's IN NEVADA

UNLESS YOU LIKE MAKE BELIEVE ITALIAN BULLSHIT AND PRICES TO MATCH笑
Only reason that I'm giving a "bad" review is that according to this site AND the Rosati's website, they are open until 10PM on Sundays.  I called last night, which happened to be Sunday, at 9:20PM.  I was told that they are closing in 10 minutes and the ovens were off.  I mentioned that on both Yelp and their own website, that it states that they are open until 10PM.  The girl apologized.

Really no sweat off my back.  I just called Round Table.  They were more than willing to take my business, and it was a great pie.笑
Their pizza is always good! Love the deep dish! So when I ordered delivery and the wrong one was delivered I was a little disappointed... But when I called back they resolved it quickly and sent out another pie, and made it the next size up! Even though most people would be upset I know we all make a mistake.. It's how they took care of it that is gonna make me order delivery time and time again...笑
Ordered the xtra large 'classic combo' pizza for delivery recently.  Delivery was within the stated timeframe and the pizza was very good.  Did not expect the 'slices' to be squares, but it was tasty, nonetheless!  Bonus: we had leftovers for the next day and the garden salad was very fresh .  Will definitely order from here again.    

The one thing holding me back from giving Rosati's a 5-star rating is because I am originally from NY and nothing beats NY pizza (IMO).  ;-)笑
I pass on this place.  

We had loved Rosati's in Arizona and finally decided to try them here.  I would think they would be close to consistent in their food but I was completely wrong.  First off their delivery time initially stated was 1 hour. That was fine but then 1 1/2 later was when it was finally delivered.  Time is of the essence when I'm hungry.  They failed. 

Once we received our order I noticed they sent pizza dough nuggets instead of the garlic knots I ordered.  Fine. Whatever I was hungry.  Upon opening the bread box, sauce was leaking out of the corner with sauce all over the top of the pizza box.  In the end it didn't matter because they were cold and not good.  We didn't eat them.  

They are consistent with one thing... Spilling sauce all over their delivered items.  The chicken wings had blue cheese dressing all over the container.  Did it make the wings better? No. They were completely overcooked and tough.  Yuck.  

Was the pizza alright? Nope. 3 for 3.  It was cold with hardened cheese.  Crust had no flavor.  

With bad food and delivery wait time, it was clearly disappointing.笑
Best place to get deep dish pizza. l'm from Chicago so I'm always searching for a good pizza place. I've been coming here since I was like born. I feel like their thin crust pizza is starting to need major improvement. I eat there at least once a month and it definitely needs work. But their sauce is the best you can find in Nevada. Once you eat Rosati's you'll hopefully never eat Pizza Hut again lol笑
I use to like their Pizza but the service/management sucks here.
Not sure if other locations are as bad or not but I would never come back to this place.
If you like rude people and slow ass burnt pizzas, go for it. If not, stay far away from this place.笑
I am from Chicago and I have been to over half the Rosatis in Las Vegas.  There is serious inconsistency from place to place and I almost gave up hope for a decent Chicago style west of the Mississippi.   Look at the pics - this pizza is cooked perfectly and brought tears to my eyes.  FINALLY a place where Chicago style is done right!

The only thing was the onions were a bit on the raw side but it'll taste like heaven tomorrow morning for breakfast. 

Thank you wigwam Rosatis!笑
Amazing service. The food was to die for and the staff was so kind and friendly . This has become our weekend spot笑
There are few places I would refer in Vegas, and this is one of them. Their pizza is addictive and scrumptious!  Always order one size bigger than you think because you'll want more. Ask for special deals to soften the expense here but everyone knows: when it comes to pizza you get what you pay for!笑
I wanted to try a new pizza place, and this hit the spot! Initially, I was surprised by how expensive a pizza was, but once I got this 10 lb. behemoth, I began to understand. I wasn't getting your every day corporate chain pizza, I was getting something of true pizza craftsmanship. This was everything I have been wanting in a pizza for over 15 years.笑
I love this pizza,,,makes me feel like i'm back in chicago...hot damn it's delicious.the sauce,the cheese and everything...better than some of these so called chicago authentic places out here now that claim to be from chicago.If you love rosatis in chicago you'll definitely love it out here.笑
After reading some of the reviews on yelp my gf and I were a bit skeptical but decided to order the CHicago style pizza and some breadsticks. The pizza was incredible. The breadsticks were nothing to rave about but the pizza was great. We picked up and I have to say that I will order there again. Great pizza.笑
Best place to get the closest thing to Chicago style pizza. Screw pizza hut and all those other places. This is the pizza to eat.笑
My husband is from Illinois.  We have been married 23 years and for all of these years I have had to listen to him pine for "Chicago-style pizza".  I was never very sympathetic until I finally went to Chicago and had Giordanno's.  Wow.  As soon as I returned to Henderson, I started looking for my hubby's holy grail.  What a surprise to find this place - and so close to home!  AND they deliver!

The Monster is our favorite- sausage, pepperoni, bacon, ground beef, mushroom, onion, green pepper, tomatoes, green and black olives.  We add anchovies so there's enough of a salt flavor - LOL!  The teens love the pepperoni.  They offer several kinds of crusts - thin, double dough, chicago style, super stuffed and pan - BUT the Chicago style is our choice.

This is no Little Caesar's - the tab can get up there - but the pies are huge as well as deep.  A small can satisfy my husband and myself whereas a large from somewhere else usually is required.

The place itself is a mere hole-in-the-wall in a strip mall.  I think most people order takeout or delivery.  But there are a few small tables and a t.v. which is usually tuned to a game.  Not much ambiance, at all.  But, oh, the Chicago style pizza!  Heaven.  Their menu includes other choices like pasta and Italian dinners, wings, burgers, etc.  I haven't tried anything other than their pizza.

A note regarding ordering other styles of crust besides Chicago - unless you specify, they will cut the pie into tiny squares.  For us, that is not a very satisfying piece of pizza.  I am not sure why they do that, but that is my only complaint about this place.笑
This location has moved to Eastern.  We thought we should try it again after 2 negative experiences over a year ago.  Wish we would have stuck to our guns.   Three strikes. ..  It is sad, because we really enjoy some of the other locations.   This time,  they forgot an item,  charred both pizzas and didn't even attempt to cut our large pizza.  Oh yeah, all of that was after they put us on hold four times during our order.  Too many good pizzas out there to waste another dime here.