Love the Pik King. And the restaurant staff was so friendly and the place was nice and quiet. I could enjoy my conversations. Will be back soon.笑
Called for take out said it would be ready in 15 minutes, get there said it will be done in a few minutes. Had to be back to work in half an hour, food took about 45 minutes to finish. Food was good though. Don't go if your on a time limit笑
The service was very good - the 2 stars is for the food. I was really looking forward to a great noodle and shrimp dish. Unfortunately the food was very bland and the the shrimp was rubbery with no flavor at all....no spices...no garlic or anything. I hope they will improve.笑
Much like their South Scottsdale location, this one is great as well.  I always get the Pad See Ew or the Orange Chicken, both are excellent dishes.  Service is phenomenal as well, since its a family that runs the place and really cares about the customer!笑
The Thai food was definitely above average and the service was excellent!  The restaurant is large and probably the most modern of any Thai restaurants I've been in, but the food seemed authentic.  Would definitely recommend!笑
Horrible service at this restaurant. We went in after looking at the yelp review but was really disappointed. Lisa, the owners daughter had an attitude serving us and would not pay attention to what we asked for. Initially we were okay and nice even though the service was so delayed. We asked for a lime for the beer and it took her more than 10 mins to bring it and it came with the appetizers. We had to take the lime out of our water glasses and put it in the beer. Moving on to the food, the ice tea was "different" which we told her that it does not taste like ice tea and the response from Lisa was "our things are different". Then the food came and I would even give food 1 to 2 stars and we still had SMALL appetizer plates. We started eating and realized that we need larger dinner plates so we asked Lisa for larger plates and she said "okay". 5 mins later we still waiting for the plates while the food has been sitting there and we look at the counter to our surprise Lisa is doing something on the calculator.....totally ignored what we had asked for or they forgot what we asked for. We went up to her and asked for plates as the food has been sitting and she had a lot of attitude with worse customer service saying "I was caught up OKAY, we are BUSY". We asked for the owner and Lisa response was "I am owners daughter and my mom is in the kitchen....she is busy she cannot come" ..... she was very rude very unprofessional and no courtesy or customer service ABCs what so ever..... if you don't want to ruin your Friday night or any meal......please don't go there. They don't care about their restaurant or food quality or customer service. Can't believe how they are still in business.笑
Came here on a whim, the place was not busy but food was very good and service was very attentive and quick. We got the coconut shrimp- good sized and flavorful. I got the green curry which had great flavor and plenty of veggies and protein. Mom got the spicy eggplant and she said the sauce was rich and the eggplant cooked well. I would be happy to come back here!笑
Within the immediate area this is the best Thai spot.  We've tried many dishes and keep coming back for more.  The ingredients used are always fresh.  I would recommend their papaya salad or larb.  Also have tried their tom kha gai, which is a chicken coconut milk soup. My favorite thai soup.  The service is always so nice and the owner is very sweet.笑
I had the yellow curry (medium) and my wife had the spicy basil. 
Excellent food. Lunch special brought us salad and a small eggroll.
Flavors are outstanding and the meals came extremely quick.
A+for service and food prep!笑
New Thai place in the neighborhood. Much-needed new spot. Kind of bored with the other one or two choices for Thai food. Place is clean attentive staff and food is fresh and tasty. Will definitely be back. Only thing I recommend for them is to get a website with their menu and details. I will post some pictures of their menu for them. I got the number 19 Penang / peanut Curry lunch special. Comes with salad white rice and a mini egg roll.笑
Love their fresh tasty food and friendly service. I ordered a delicious Pad Siew with beef and the rice noodles were perfect and tender. We also ordered a very spicy green curry that was creamy and yummy. The Thai basil chicken was perfect. They even do a sweet and sour chicken (not very Thai but super good) where the breading on the chicken was crunchy and tasty. 

Was in with friends last night on a very quiet Tuesday night. Only one other table there. Didn't stop us from having a good time. Kop khun kha!笑
First time here, lady was supper nice...I'll let u know how good it was later...But I'm hungry and if it's good I'll be back...I tried spicy eggplant and fried banana with coconut icecream...All the people are are very nice, so I hope the food is good too..笑
Everything was awesome, fresh rolls were great, papaya salad and peanut curry were great. The family who runs it is great.笑
Their food is consistent ON TOP of delicious and that goes far in my book. They have one of the best larb salads and their red curry is sooooo good when ordered Thai hot! 

Be careful when you ask for Thai hot because they'll trust you know that you're asking for a delicious but fire burning dish. 

I also love their noodle dishes like pad se ew and drunken noodles but the noodles tend to be over cooked or something because they break apart when you go to grab them with chopsticks. 

FYI I've always taken out so that might affect the food a bit.笑
This is an outstandingly good Thai restaurant. I have eaten here about 3 or 4 times now, and every time the food has been delicious and well prepared. The use very good quality meat and other ingredients in their dishes. It is, in my opinion, the best quality Thai restaurant in the area. I compare it to those really first rate Thai restaurants one finds in Los Ángeles. It's that good. And the prices are reasonable!笑
Are you looking for authentic Thai Food? This is the place! I am so happy to have found a tasty, thai restaurant in North Scottsdale. We tried 3 appetizers - all of them are delicious! Thom Yum Soup, stuffed chicken wings, calamari salad - a burst of flavors. Cashew chicken was also fantastic. I can highly recommend this family owned reataurant. Btw. They have their liquor license now :)笑
This place is so damn good! Seriously the best peanut sauce and fried tofu I've ever had and the peanut curry was outstanding. All this was complimented with a very personable waitress with a sense of humor, Lisa! I will definitely come back here!笑
Came on their opening day, food was delicious. Came out quickly, good prices, perfect for lunch. Best Thai I have had in AZ.笑
Finally a great Thai restaurant in the area! My wife and I really enjoyed our dinner! This is a family owned and operated business with very nice decor the best Thai food in the area. Would diffidently recommend giving them a try!!笑
If you like Thai food you will definitely make this one of your favorite restaurants. Very inviting atmosphere. Dinning area is clean and open. Staff is very courteous and friendly. Food is delicious and reasonably priced.笑
Great Thai place that's a bit hidden in a quiet shopping complex. We got the Larb and one of the curries. Both were quite flavorful and spicy. Service and atmosphere were both good.笑
The food is so so good. The Tom Kha soup is delicious and I'm picky with how curry is cooked. It's clean and relaxing and staff is friendly. I would recommend coming here. I'm coming back to try their wings. Yummy!笑
Just ate at La's Thai food. The staff is very nice and even on Friday night it was empty. Why????
We ordered two dinners and both were ordered spicy as we enjoy spicy Thai food. Both had no spice at all. The server said, "Sorry, I wish I could control the kitchen but I can't"
She then brought us out spices to add to our meals. There is a reason the restaurant is empty! There are so many choices we have here in Scottsdale that finding a place with good food and control over a kitchen should be included!
Stay away笑
Wow! Ran across this place as a happy accident. The service was amazing (Lisa was very friendly and helped me with my vegan needs) and the food was outstanding. Everything was very flavorful with just the right amount of spice. I could tell the veggies were fresh and didn't taste like mush. Seriously will be back! Don't pass this place by!笑
Love, love, love this new location. Longtime customer of their first restaurant (Hayden and McDowell) and very happy to have this second option. Food is delicious and freshly cooked to order.One of very few places that will actually spice it up to your level. Have always found the wait-staff to be efficient, courteous and very attentive. All our friends who we have introduced La's to have also loved the restaurant and is now amongst their favorite places to dine in or take-out. Can't wait to go back!!!!!!笑
So glad this is here! Fresh, healthy, and well-priced. Great lunch and dinner spot. Super clean. Friendly service.笑
I love La's. The food is always bomb, the owners are so nice. The musamun curry is my favorite!笑
Delicious and clean thai food. Very nice people who own the place. Decor was clean and well appointed. We loved the Pad Thai, the Coconut Milk Soup, and their Green Papaya Salad. There was virtually no one there so service and food was fast. We will definitely be adding La's Thai Cusines as a new favorite!笑
I came to visit to this Thai restaurant because I was nearby and starving. I decided to place an order for pickup: beef curry, chicken pad se ew and shrimp rolls. I wasn't a big fan of the rolls because they were literally a full size shrimp wrapped in an egg roll wrapper, but the curry and noodles were good. I recommend to come and visit if you are in the area. The employee that greeted us was really really friendly too. I always appreciate friendly service.笑
La's is a very cute place, I stopped in last week and got a pick up order. The pad thia noodles and fresh rolls were so good I'm back again. Very friendly and so far the foods amazing with exquisite presentation.笑
This is a great Thai place.  I enjoy the food very much.  I've tried the curry as well as the spicy noodles.  I can't wait to get back there.笑
This is a cute little Thai restaurant in the Savers plaza. The interior is warm and inviting, and the menu offers various curries, rice dishes, stir-fries, soups, salads, and noodle dishes. I tried the green curry with tofu. It was made in a short amount of time and was well seasoned with plenty of vegetables and tofu. The sauce was the right consistency and had a lot of flavor. After talking to our server apparently they put spinach in the curry sauce which makes it healthier! The curry was served with a lovely fragrant jasmine rice.

Service was warm and friendly. If I'm in the area this is a good choice for Thai food.笑
This place is absolutely horrible. We arrived and said that we needed to be seated. Then the girl said let me clean up some tables and I'll be right back. Another girl came up and tried to seat people ( who arrived after us) before us which was annoying. 
Then I went to go to the bathroom to wash my hands and you could tell that the place had not been cleaned. There is a gross stench. When I went to wash my hands they had soap that was watered down as if they were too cheap or lazy to go out and buy new soap. Then when I went to dry off my hands they're out of paper towels which tells me other people probably were washing their hands as well. But there was a roll that I found eventually. 
I go back to sit down we're looking to the menu and the waitress walks up and just says "ready?" Not "good evening", not "hi there", nothing. Just, ready? I asked for some waters because those hadn't been brought out. She came back I asked her a question about the menu and she says I honestly don't know. You can tell that this place should not be opened yet or at all. So I go to order and the people that were seated after us, ordered after us with another waitress. Their food came out, and that we were still sitting there for a good 25 minutes after their food came out. All in all we were seated waiting for food for 45 minutes until we finally got up and walked out and told the girl just scrap the order. I don't know how a place like this is in business and if I had to bet, I give it a month and a half before they're closed. It's very unfortunate because there is very lackluster Asian food in this area.笑
This is a nice alternative to the nearby Thai restaurants in the area. The ambiance/decor is great as well as the food. I really like that the lunch menu has a variety of choices and can't wait to try more of them out in the future.笑
First time at La's & it's my new favorite Thai place. Unpretentious inside, but fantastic, freshly prepared food. Best spicy eggplant dish I've ever had. Also ordered pineapple pork fried rice (sister loved), a chicken & veggie dish for the unadventurous eater, & a shrimp noodle dish that was terrific. Veggie roll appetizer was crisp, piping hot and not oily. Our server made us feel as though our Thai mom was making our first home-cooked meal after a long absence from home. Getting takeout tonight & will be bringing everyone we know. Best restaurant find in ages.笑
La's Thai is hidden away in a strip mall behind the Costco in North Scottsdale. It has a cute interior and the employees working that day were very nice and helpful in answering my veg questions. 

For an appetizer, I ordered the Curry Puffs. You get 3 little pastry puffs (aka empanadas) for $8. They were delicious! Golden crispy pastries filled with savory curry flavored potatoes and other veggies. You won't want to share this one!

The Vegetable Fresh Rolls, Fried Tofu, and Edamame are other vegan-friendly appetizers.  I was informed that the egg rolls, although the menu description says "vegetarian rolls wrapped in tofu skin," are indeed brushed with egg as a binding agent, so they are vegetarian but not vegan. DD got the Egg Rolls and she thought they were really good. 

For the main course, I tried both the Tofu & Vegetable Red Curry and the Spicy Noodle with Tofu & veggies (omit the egg to make it vegan). 

Red Curry was delicious! I ordered it Spicy and it was perfect. The vegetables weren't over cooked so they were still firm and nutrient dense. The tofu was firm as well. 

The Spicy Noodles were very good. This dish is served with flat rice noodles and lots of veggies were included. I also ordered this dish at the Spicy level (spice levels are mild, medium, spicy, and Thai Hot) and although it was flavorful, it was not spicy to me. I'll try this dish in Thai Hot next time to see if I like it better. 

DD got the Chicken Pad Thai and she thoroughly enjoyed her entree. 

Service was excellent. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. My only complaint is that the prices are on the higher side. There's a comparable competitor less than 1/2 mile away whose dishes are $2-$3 cheaper.笑
I am so happy I can finally say I have found my favorite Thai restaurant in Arizona.  From the moment you enter, you are greeted with friendly smiles and kindness.

Their sticky rice was perfectly steamed (my mom and I have always struggled to steam sticky rice just right, so we know a good batch when we eat it).  They had green mango salad, which I had not seen anywhere else.  It was perfectly spicy, sour, and delightfully gingery.  Unbelievable.  It could even make me forget about my former favorite, papaya salad.

The pad thai is very flavorful, a more traditional dry-ish sauce than the wet, sticky messes you get at some Americanized places. I could be wrong, but I thought I even tasted a hint of shredded dried shrimp in the sauce.

My husband loved his yellow-curry marinated grilled half chicken, which was a steal at only $10.  We can't wait to go back, even if it's a farther drive!笑
This was our first visit. I ordered the barbecue chicken over vegetables. It was lukewarm and the chicken was dry. My husband ordered the wings which were small and fatty. We were disappointed in the quality of the food. I guess they need time to get their act together.笑
When you can take home Thai food and it still taste like it just came out of the kitchen, that is a 10 for me. The seasoning was perfect on the Thai basil chicken and the Garlic and Pepper beef. Staff was polite.笑
Found this new Thai restaurant on Yelp. Two of us went on a Thursday evening and it was pretty quiet. As others have said the location is a little off the beaten path for evening traffic, but worth looking for. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable and helped guide us in our choices. We started with coconut shrimp, which came with a very nice dipping sauce.  We tried the pad Thai, peanut curry, and pineapple fried rice. All were delicious and we had leftovers to take home. Their food is great, I think their biggest challenge will be the location.笑
Went in for lunch today and had the chicken and eggplant dish as well as the red curry.  Both were very tasty! We are so full because we kept eating away.  Definitely the best Thai in Scottsdale! I love eggplant dishes and they do a very good job cooking it. Some place tend to over cook it and drench it in oil. Theirs isn't oily at all. I think they use Japanese eggplants too! My fave. Red curry was very good as well. We only did 4 heat because I'm a wimp and it was perfect. For me plenty spicy enough.  I like to keep my tastebuds intact :). 

The price is also super reasonable. So here's to picking up food more often! This will be one of my go to places now to grab a quick bite or take out some food :) 

It's tucked away next Euro Rhythm Dance and Savers center.  Super cute and clean-very sweet staff-family mom and pop business...mom in the back cooking up a storm!  I that!笑
The food is great I have come twice and they just opened so yes the food is really good. 

However they seem to be having many service issue that I really hope the figure out quickly.  I will continue to come here but I am not sure for how much longer unless they get it fixed笑
First time here. Thanks to Yelp we found this new little gem! The Creamy Crab Puffs were so delicious & the Yellow Curry was full of flavor. The waitress was so sweet & the service was great. This is my new go to for Thai food for sure!笑
The staff or owners? here are really nice, service was good but sorry I just didn't like the food.  I thought it was bland and seemed to be made with cheap ingredients?  I would rank this at the bottom of every other Thai place I've ever been to in town.  You can tell when you walk in also.  No one here.  Go to Thai House close by and you will have trouble finding a table.笑
Great new Thai restaurant and they do spicy right! (And not spicy if that is your preference). We ordered take out: Fresh Rolls, Egg Rolls, Fried Tofu, Yellow Curry with tofu (Thai hot), Pad See Ew with pork (Thai hot), Orange Chicken (Mild), and Thai Iced Tea with boba. Compliments across the board. We will be returning! They manage to make it spicy and still keep the flavor - impressed!笑
Very good & authentic! Some of the best curry I have ever had. You will like this small family-style place.笑
I had been wanting to try La's for a while, and I was pretty excited when they opened up a new location not too far away from my apartment. They have a good variety, standard Thai restaurant stuff! I got one of my all time favorite meals, tofu with red curry. The peanut curry sounded good too, but I decided I'd rather have red curry! 
It was very tasty curry, I am not too picky when it comes to red curry, but sometimes the tofu is too tough or too mushy, it was just right at La's. I got it mild, there was the perfect amount of spice for me. Not too terribly spicy, but just enough spice. It was really flavorful too. I gobbled it up so fast. I loved the pot the rice came in too, it was cute. Not bad prices either, standard Thai food prices. So glad I have another nearby Thai restaurant to visit, going to take some will power to not get take out every week.笑
Great to have La's up closer to our part of town!  I've been to the orignal store (Hayden and McDowell) and have always enjoyed the food.

Since our favorite Thai place just closed down, we've been needing to find a place to get our Panang fix...La's fills the bill nicely!

One word of caution:  whatever spice level you normally order at a Thai restaurant, subtract one here - I usually get a '4' most places, got a 4 once at the other location - let's just say I'm not as young as I used to be...I get a '3' at La's, and it's fabulous!

Great food.  Great people.  Get you some!笑
Great food and staff was very friendly. We ordered the green curry , fried rice and orange chicken. Delicious!!!!笑
The food here is a 5star!!!   The spring rolls are fresh, delicious, and frankly the best I have ever had!  The #19 for lunch (peanut curry chicken) was delightful!!  Great to get a salad then lunch portion that fills you up completely!   I took off one star for the unfinished window area....  no window coverings/looks incomplete... now I know they just moved in 3.5 months ago and this will probably get fixed but it will not stop me from visiting frequently!  Oh and difficult to find....  but worth the effort!笑
Worst Thai food and service I have ever had. Pad Thai had no flavor what so ever. Was only person in restaurant, should have known better. You have been warned!!笑
This is the BEST THAI FOOD EVER!!! Seriously it is. (Written by my son, he is eight and enjoys authentic Thai food).笑
Do not let the logo fool you. This is restaurant dishes up quality Thai flavor. This place is probably one of the better Thai places that we have dined at in the Phoenix metro area. Granted, they might not serve Tom Yum in a hot pot (that I saw anyway and if they do then I must try it) but their dishes are superb. The flavors are distinct and authentic. Our red curry was delicious with a pleasant Thai basil undertone. The Mahi had a unmistakably bright lemon grass kick which made it clear to me that they must marinade their fish (quite well). Don't forget to try the mango sticky rice after your main course. We will definitely be back often since this is the most authentic in flavor that we have experienced in the Scottsdale area (aside from Cha Da). The service is great as well! My taste buds give it 5 stars.笑
I love Laotian dishes, and I was able to get one of my favorite here.  Waitress was great and recommending and pouring out what I might like off the menu. The papaya salad prepared super
authentic and delicious!!!笑
Finally a really good Thai place in the area. There are a few others, but they bend in the direction of Chinese to appeal to the mass. So far tried a couple of the curries - great, traditional flavors. A standout, and you should seek this place out for the amazing fresh (summer) rolls. Great textures, super fresh and perfectly chilled ingredients with a really tasty peanut sauce. Seriously, it's really good - crave-able in fact and worth a trip to try.

The location is a little tough that it's kind of off the beaten path, but easy to find so try them out. Worth it - and I want them to make it for selfish reasons.笑
This place has such great food and portions! I had their lunch special and I had to box half the food home. The chicken wing appetizer was so good and so was their pad Thai-spicy (which was actually spicy unlike other Thai restaurants). Their Thai tea was also delicious! The waitress is super nice and attentive and their decor is also so beautiful! Definitely recommend this place.笑
Very good food and attentive staff. Food was fresh and was presented nicely. Will definitely go again.!笑
I tried this place for the first time last week, and OH MY GOD I have found myself back for either dine-in or takeout at least five times since. 

Try the curry, any curry, you will NOT be disappointed. I spent a few years in Thailand, and this is the closest I've gotten to being in Thailand again. 

My waitress has always been sweet and attentive, the restaurant itself is very clean, and what do you know--I'm on my way back again.笑
Stopped in on a Sunday early in the day. Place was clean and quiet. We were immediately greeted and attended to. We ordered cashew chicken and pad Thai. Food was served quickly and was prepared nicely. The pad Thai was definitely the better of the two dishes, the cashew chicken tasted a little more like Chinese food than Thai food. Overall, I give this place four stars for ambience and service but food was average.笑
I give 3 stars for the service and 2 for the food. 
The phat Thai was very blend it's really need more seasoning and it would be nice if they add peanuts and fresh cilantro to it to bring the flavor together.

My friend had Kung pao vegetables and it was good, but not great.

The Thai ice tea was good (I requested not to sweet).

The waitress was very nice and friendly which is good.

I like the overall decor is very nice and rustic look, it's a potential.