Excellent and extensive menu. Now I don't have to go all the way to Chinatown to get my dumpling fix. The sauce that comes with the dumplings is delightful. My daughter loves their fried pork chops with rice. My other daughter who is only 12 gets two orders of their dumplings each time. Would love to try their noodles some day but we get full too soon on dumplings and other pastries. Highly recommend!笑
I'm very particular about my noodle soups since it's my absolute favorite dish. If you love noodle soup too, this is a great place to satisfy that craving. After a long road trip and a 20 mile round trip hike at havasupai in Arizona, I needed a satisfying victory meal. This was the chosen location and it did not disappoint! The broth is so fresh and the sizes are substantial so you definitely get your money's worth here. The wontons and noodles were so fresh. I even asked for more broth and they refilled my bowl with no hesitation. We also tried the beef rolls and chili oil dumplings. Also very good! My husband had fried rice which was fine, but not superb, and that's ok because it's sort of a given in the Asian community to avoid ordering fried rice at most places since that's not usually the specialty at any Chinese restaurant. Everything else was great. We will eat here anytime we are near Henderson! The noodle soups were fantastic! I also appreciate the kind waitress. She was the only one working and running around. Mention Yelp and you also get 10% off. It was a great find!笑
I've been here twice and the food is pretty good.  It's different but in a good way.  We tried the beef pancakes, dumplings with spicy sauce, the beef rolls and rice with ground meat.  The sauce they use is all homemade and none of the food was salty.  I'm sensitive to salt.  The boba milk teas were okay.  I think the powder they use is bland.  I'll probably try the stews next time.笑
Another new Asian/Taiwanese restaurant outside of chinatown!  And located at a great location in Henderson!

Noodle Pot II is located in the same building and around the corner from Dunkin Donuts.  There's plenty of parking around the area.  

Don't expect anything fancy.  It's a very simple semi-hole in the wall place.  There weren't very many people inside when I came for dinner, but I was okay with that.  It almost feels like you're in a cafeteria in this place.  

If you're going to a Taiwanese restaurant, you have to get the chilli oil wontons.  The wontons aren't your traditional big wontons.  They're tiny, and only half the wonton is filled with meat/pork/shrimp.  The chilli oil had a hint of sweetness to it.  Very good.  

Then I got wonton noodle soup.  The broth is simple and clear, and had just the right amount of flavor in it.  I like to submerge my wonton noodle soup in hot chilli oil.  There were plenty of wontons and a ton of noodles (and by a ton, I mean hella noodles)!  There were so many noodles that I could only eat half of it (but that goes for pretty much all noodle restaurants).  The bowls are a pretty good portion.  Served HOT!

The only thing I was kind of unsure of was the cleanliness of the tea cup.  No big deal.  

Maybe I'll try some entrees next time.笑
I have been waiting my noodle soup for 30mins,there are 4tables eating in this restaurant...is that really busy???the one in Chinatown is much more better than here...笑
Very Good beef noodle soup and dumpling. Good place to eat authentic Taiwanese noodle without the drive  to Las Vegas Chinatown.笑
I like the noodle pot in China town.
I knew they open a new one in henderson,I came with my mom.
But there are not good as Chinatown 
Food is no taste and the waitress isn't nice.she never came to ask you what you need and without any smile.. I don't owe her money.why she is so serious to us?
I don't like this place.maybe I am going to Chinatown next time..笑
It makes me so happy to see this place open so close to my house.  Usually to get a great bowl of beef noodle soup I have to drive all the way to China town, but now this location opened just about a mile down from my house.  The place is pretty small, and the service is solid.  Ever since I have found out that this place opened I have been about a half a dozen times now.  I have had a beef tendon and the beef noodles which are both quite good.  I have also had the wonton soup, as well as the seafood mixture soup which was also quite tasty.  Each broth is different and they are light in flavor refreshing and not heavy.  The best part of the soup are the noodles, the textures are on point and just darn delicious.  I have also ordered the scallion pancake which are nice and crispy.  The beef roll, which is crisp refreshing and a mixture of sweet and salty.   In the end I highly recommend the noodle pot 2.  It is great affordable and always delicious I can't wait to comeback tomorrow.笑
This place is great. Quick service, and really good food. I love the simplicity of their menu, and the food they serve. Quick fix if you are craving for good Taiwanese noodles.笑
Great to have a "down home" authentic Chinatown establishment set up shop in Henderson;  This is Taiwanese style, so they have local specialty dishes from that island nation; This is our second time there and sure beats the 30 minute drive to Spring Mountain; We love the noodle soup varieties, and you can order different kinds of noodle to try, from wide noodles to bean thread; but the secret is the broth. I personally prefer the Chinese broth to the Vietnamese Pho;  Need to add starch to the soup, so our favorite is Scallion Pancake for 3 bucks. Great to dip into the warm soup. Was not crowded when we went weekday, so I hope it generates enough business so to be viable and thus maintain a presence in Henderson; Next to Duncan Doughnuts, so we walk next door for dessert and latte to top off our meal. Can't beat that combination!笑
Once upon a Sunday, I was desperately craving wontons in chili oil and Taiwanese food in general. This is where Yelp comes to the rescue. Annoyed that I probably had to drive to Spring Mountain, this "Hot and New" listing for Noodle Pot II came up. Intrigued, I noticed Michael K.'s rave review and the location of S. Eastern. Hallelujah, I'm there. My foodie plans were deflated when I got to the door and it is closed on Sundays. Womp womp. The rainy days we've been having put this place on the top of my list to try since they offer soup!

Beef roll
Wontons in chili oil
Wonton soup 

I thought all the dishes were executed well and you can really taste the quality and authenticity of these dishes. The wontons here are off the charts. The wonton soup also comes with noodles. There are condiments at the table to add some oomph to the broth. 

Next time, I'll have to get a dish that Taiwan is known for, the beef noodle soup! Spicy please. How can I forget boba drinks? They have them here too, with popular flavors like thai tea, taro, mango, papaya, and passionfruit.


*****Yelp 2016 100 review challenge*****
5/100笑
The beef noodles soup was good.  My husband have the wonton soup and shrimp stir fried noodles.  They were all good.  Friendly staff.  We will be back to try the dumplings.笑
Friendly ...
Great taste....
Willing to modify dishes

First class place noodle soups to die for
Tried again consistently good
We will be back笑
I'm usually a ramen guy but after trying their noodle soup I've converted. Wonton noodle soup on steroids! Big portions and served piping hot. Definitely coming back to try more entrees笑
Saw the reviews and excited to find good Wanton Chili and Beef Rolls. Small place but clean. Wow! This did not disappoint. Excellent Wantons. All homemade and fresh. This place hit the craving squarely. I will be back over and over.笑
This is their second location. The original one is in China Town. I simply call it the 'soup place.' I really like the #13 Wonton Noodle Soup and the #10 Smoked Bone-In Chicken Leg Noodle Soup. The potstickers are pretty amazing too! Support your local businesses!笑
Noodle Pot in Las Vegas has just opened a 2nd location, Noodle Pot II in Henderson. The restaurant is bright and airy and service is friendly. Seeing that I was Asian they automatically greeted me in Mandarin. It is a language I learned as a child and haven't used for over 20 years but I understood. Our servers English was adequate but obviously not her first language. We were seated and given menus and the most popular items were pointed out to us. We chose to try the pork hock with noodle in soup, beef stew with noodle in soup and spicy ground pork over noodles. The noodles were perfect, nice and al dente. The flavours of the dishes were average. The beef and the pork were nice and tender but not much difference in the flavour between the stew and the pork. I found the ground pork in sauce over noodles a little bland and uninteresting. Of the three the beef stew had the best flavour. Each dish was under $10 so fairly cheap eats and portions fairly generous. It's not my go-to for this type of noodle dishes but it saves you a drive to the city and dealing with Las Vegas traffic. It gets three stars more for the combination of food and service, if it was just food I probably would give it 2.5 stars.笑
We came based on yelp reviews. Potstickers were delicious! One person got fried rice which was dry and crunchy. Another said their kung pao chicken was good. I had #16 and didn't enjoy it. Service was fine.笑
I'm so happy to have great Chinese restaurant in this side of town. We order beef pancake , beef noodle soup, pork fried rice, wonton in chili oil , general tso chicken. Price is reasonable. Great service. I will go back there again.笑
Edit::

Bumping this up to 5 stars! I have been to this place 3 times in the last month and it has been consistently great! The waitress, Irene is very friendly and always happy to make recommendations. Keep doing what you're doing Noodle Pot!

Came here with my family the other day and it was absolutely delicious. We came in right when they opened and the staff was very friendly. We decided to order the beef stew roll, beef pancake, wonton noodle soup, and stew pork feet soup. 

The beef stew roll came out first. There were 2 rolls and each of them were cut in 3 pieces. The flavor is amazing and the cilantro and cucumber add a nice crunch to it. The beef is wonderfully marinated and I could probably eat an order of this by myself. 

The pancake came out shortly after the roll and that was delicious as well. Just a tip, cut the pancake into a few pieces. Do not just bite into it, you will get beef juice and oil all over yourself. Personally, I liked the beef roll better. There was just too much oil in this dish for my liking.

The wonton noodle soup was nothing special. The wontons were tasty and the broth was very good as well. 

The pork feet soup however was absolutely delicious. The broth in this soup was so much better! My only gripe is that the park feet could've been cooked a tad longer. It was not as tender as I hoped. The noodles in both soups were yummy and cooked perfectly. 

My husband and I love soup and usually go to Monta Ramen or Lemongrass cafe down the street but this is definitely going to be one of our go to spots now. He has already decided on what he is going to order on our next visit!笑
Clean, bright, great food and casual Asian atmosphere. The Minced Pork over Rice is fantastic. Great service. I'll be going back soon.笑
How'd this place stay under my radar for so long? I had to be told about it by some of my co-workers - I must be slacking.

I'm actually not a fan of Taiwanese beef noodle soup (which is a bit ironic, as I generally love Taiwanese food having visited Taiwan multiple times to see one of my college bffs), but everything I've tried here so far, like the wonton noodle soup, the beef roll (which they call a "beef pancake" on the menu), and the chili oil dumplings were all solid.

I'm not sure anything here will necessarily blow you away, but solid is exactly what I'm looking for when I want to get my fix but don't want to have to drive all the way to Chinatown to do it. Definitely looking forward to trying a lot of the other stuff on the menu!笑
Made a takeout order couple weeks back. I basically placed my order based on popularity. I wasn't too sure of what I ate from there but I had a very bad stomach ache and it lasted the whole day. I really like the food here but I think there was something in the food that my stomach did not agree with. The hubby had a noodle soup with beef and he said it was a bit oily for him. Will probably come back but not anytime soon.笑
This place was a serendipitous find! Had the Beef Shank and Tendon Noodle Soup and the wife had the Pork Foot Stew Noodle. Both were AMAZING and the noodles were chewy al dente delicious! I normally don't eat all the noodles but nothing was left in my bowl. Need I say more? Go here. You will NOT be disappointed!笑
My son loves the broth in the noodle soups !! Today he ordered Braised Minced Pork Noodle Soup笑
I really love this place!! It's so close to my work. I'm so happy and I can come here every day, lol :)笑
This place is a 5 star, I haven't had Taiwanese beef soup before and they did everything right!!! Service was great, our server was very prompt with greeting us and getting our order. The food also came out quick. Good thing too because my sister and I were starving. We ordered the dumpling beef stew soup, the original beef stew soup with tendon and beef and don't forget the nappa cabbage and pork. Overall I would recommend this place to everyone. It's also great if you want to stray away from pho!!!笑
I called in to place an order the lady hung up on me 5 times. After the 5th time she finally took my order. It was close to closing time so she was in a hurry to get me off the phone.  The lady barely spoke English which took many times repeating myself and reiterating the order. After many attempts of repeating my order she had gotten it right. After I went home to open my togo order I found out I was given something totally different than the order that I had placed. I was frustrated trying to call back hoping I'll be able to get my order corrected but they were closed. I ended up paying for food I couldn't eat which smelled funky.  I had to go to bed on am enmity stomach paying almost $15 bucks with tax and tips. I will never go back to this location!笑
Braised pork, pork chops over rice were really good. Service was super quick. Just found it odd that the food attendant was actually eating in the middle of the restaurant. She stands up to serve new customers and continue eating after. And she wasn't friendly at all.笑
Went here on a whim and was really impressed! Appetizers were done just right. We had the pickled cucumber and beef roll. The roll have a great balance of sweet and tart taste. The cucumber is perfect side for our soups. All in all very happy!笑
Wow I have to said the service here is really bad....I came to eat not to see a pissed face throwing at me! Come on be more friendly...笑
I just found this place near my hotel. It is small but cozy place. I was here at lunch time. I got a vegetarian soup. And the flavor is superb. Very clean place. Friendly staff was advising me what taste good for my desires. They asked me many times if I liked what I ordered. I'm definitely coming back here again to try something else. They supposed to get some vegetarian dumplings later which sounds great!笑
Ordered the wonton soup and it was very good. The portions were the same. No complaints.笑
The beef roll has a funky sweet sauce to it and so much gristle! Not very good! However the beef noodle soup #1 was great! Order it mild verses regular spicy.笑
#latereview

1/14/16

Heard about this place and I wanted to come check it out so that I could add another place to stop off after work instead of just Ramen or Hawaiian food! Haha. Sadly I would just say that the place is average. Nothing bad, but nothing that'll scream for me to stop by on a regular basis.

To start off, I ordered the #21 - Stew Sliced Beef Beef Pancake. The picture listed is not how it comes out, so just be prepared for that. I think those are stock photos possibly? Now if I'm eating anything "cold" I expect the flavors to be bold and with a punch. Flavor wise it fell. The sweetness of one of the sauces overpowered the beef. The only interesting thing about the dish was the marinated cucumbers. Interesting in an okay way but compared to the composition of the dish, it wasn't all that great. Sadly I enjoyed the crunch more from the cucumbers than the dish itself. Seasoning wise it felt underseasoned. 3/5. On a good note if you have it saved in the fridge, it's great to eat again as a midnight snack (or 2 hours after being hungry from just eating noodles haha).

For my entree, I ordered #2 - Stew Beef Shank, Tendon Noodle Soup in Hot Bean Sauce. I expected this to be spicier but ultimately the flavors felt flat. Either too much oil killed the dish. There wasn't anything special with the broth. I tried adding the vinegar available table side to give it a much needed "zing" but never got it. The beef was not the most tender I've ever had in a soup. But the tendons were okay. Not too chewy but not too overdone or fall apart tender. 3/5. 

Service - the hostess and my server were very nice. Not that attentive since I never got a refill on my water. The atmosphere is better than a different Asian restaurant up the street where most of the staff ignores you (except for that one who actually pays attention to you) but you come back for the food and put up with it. These ladies made me feel welcomed and not ignored. 4/5


Price/Food Portion  - not the one to complain about price. For the food quality that I got and the service I received, i have no complaints like some people. The final bill of $17.49 + tax + tip, I can't complain since I was able to take the rest home. I was more than stuffed but not overly. The Beef Pancakes I could've easily shared with another person so that dish is best served for 2 people. 4/5.

All in all, it would not be my top place to go. Guess I will just have to stick to my regular of Hawaiian or Ramen but definitely not out of the question to come back and try them again once in a while. Hopefully they do well since a few weeks before I came here it was a sushi restaurant

3.5 / 5笑
Stopped in with a friend tonight & were greeted immediately. Only 1 other table of 2. Waitress gave us ample time to look over menu & we opted for wontons in chili oil, beef pancake, beef noodle soup, & wonton noodle soup. Loved the wontons in chili oil & the beef pancake. Beef pancake was so moist & juice oozed out when cutting into it. I could eat another 2 of them myself (only had 1 as I had to share.) Beef pancake here is much better than beef pancake @ Noodle Man. Was a bit disappointed in the wonton noodle soup broth as it didn't really have a whole lot of flavor. Tried the beef noodle. Seemed like it had a nice depth too it but it was too spicy for me. 

Don't understand why the business is closed on Wednesdays. Will have to not crave the bewf pNcake on a Wednesday.笑
Our server was so kind, and the food was amazing. I don't like chinese food much but this place was a turning point.笑
I had bookmarked Noodle Pot II to stop by in the future and slurp some noodles. That opportunity came not too long after. My friend and I stopped in one evening to try it out. It's not noticeable from the main road, but it's right behind Flame Kabob, where Quiznos (I miss that place) used to be. If you come in off Siena Heights you will be able to see it. 

I'm vegetarian and was so happy they offer noodles in a vegetable broth. The bowl comes full broccoli, bok choy and other delicious vegetables. I must say the broth is not as hearty as a meat broth, but if you add some chili sauce it tastes delicious! You can order extra noodles, but one bowl is plenty. I was full. My friend also got the vegetarian bowl and was happy with her decision. She needed to add some chili sauce to hers as well. 

The lady taking care of orders and serving was so kind! She took care of everyone in the place and made sure you were doing well as she scurried table to table. 

The price wasn't expensive either. Definitely a go to spot in the future!笑
Beef Noodle Soup had been a staple in my family since I was a kid.  I have to say, that there are few restaurants in the valley that get it right.  Noodle Pot II does and so does it's predecessor for that matter.  I would love to say that I try other menu items when visiting Noodle Pot, but when I'm there it's Noodle time and Noodle time only.  Thanks Noodle Pot for giving us a place to have an amazing bowl of Beef Noodle Soup!笑
Been passing by this place for several months and finally took my mom and admin for lunch. It's in an obscured location but the food did not disappoint. In fact, it was on point. I ordered the typical Taiwanese noodle soup with beef and tendon and it was delish and the portions were huge. We also ordered the beef eggroll and the flavors explode in your mouth. I'm definitely returning as it's really close to where we live. BTW: the place is clean and the server, Jackie is a cool dude. Great place for the up coming winter months. Oh, did I say the hot tea is complimentary. If you like bold flavors, got to try this place.笑
We come back often. We always get the wontons in red chili sauce and some Asian pancakes. This is the same noodle pot from china town, but with better seating. The service is really good.笑
Third time at this place, and it has been a great choice! I love the beef noodle soup and the beef roll. Everything I've gotten here has been amazing. Highly recommend it!笑
This noodle house has a location in Vegas Chinatown and just opened its second store in Henderson.  We went and ordered beef vegetable rolls, beef noodle soup, potstickers, cucumbers, kaufou and really enjoyed everything.  The food was fresh and authentic - for instance, we were told that the beef noodle soup was made with all natural and fresh ingredients and the rich flavoring of the soup was from six hours of stewing. 

The bubble tea was also delicious. They make all of the tapioca bubbles and tea in house and isn't watered down powder like most restaurants make. We asked for light sugar and they added extra bubbles and the price was right.

The restaurant owners are very nice and took pride in the quality and freshness of their food and produce used.  It's nice to find a good Chinese restaurant in this area.笑
Oh my Taiwan! I'm a fan of Asian food, but can't say I've ever had Taiwanese food, and what a delightful first experience. There's probably nothing I can say better than what's already been said, but none the less... I needed to be at home, so I called ahead for pick up. The waitress confirmed the order before ringing it up, which I appreciated, and it was accurate. She let me know there is soy sauce and chili paste, chop sticks, forks and napkins in the bag. I wish I knew her name, she was friendly with a sweet smile. And a YELP mention got me 10% off. The place was clean and with plenty of customers at 4pm. 
I ordered the wontons in red chili sauce, beef rolls, and pot stickers. Everything tastes fresh and delicious, and it was a lot of food for the buck. I especially enjoyed the chili paste because it's thick and full of flavor, rather than oily. I've got a new favorite in town, and you will, too!笑
The wonton noodles were good, not the typical egg mein, but it was some type of thicker rice noodles.  The wonton itself had a strong pork taste or it could have been mixed with too much seasoning, but I was not fond of it. The flavor wasn't quite right and I prefer the Chinese style if this is suppose to be the Taiwanese version.  

The flavor is heavy handed, so need for any type of spices or salt to be added to your dish.  The temperature is super hot and perfect, even on a hot summer day.  I'll have to give them another try and order their beef tendon that everyone is raving about.  Maybe next time, I'll go with the fatter noodles to see if they're any good.  My high hopes came crashing down as a simple wonton noodle dish just didn't make the cut. I really wanted this place to be superb.笑
I've caught a cold and I was just craving a hearty and flavorful soup. I knew I was something with beef and when I saw Noodle Pot II's reviews and photos as well as realizing that it's 2 minutes away from my apartment, I just had to check it out. I came in and through all the photos, their #2 spicy beef noodle soup just looked amaaaaaazeballs so I ordered that for take out and I added wontons to the soup as well. Yes, super flavorful. I just felt like there was a little something missing. It wasn't spicy as it said to be and the noodles to meat ratio was a bit off. It was a lotttt of noodle haha. Overall it was still pretty good, I need to try it again!笑
We really enjoyed eating here. We typically go to places like this looking for tendon. This place was great! Several options and a great portion size! I would have liked the spicy soup to be more spicy, next time I'll ask if they can do that in the back, I don't love the chili oil method of increasing spiciness. We'll definitely be back next time we're craving tendon.笑
Been here twice and have been meaning to leave a review. So from the outside, you might not think this place is gonna be good. It's not usually busy, the decor is so so, nothing fancy. But take a chance, cause it's good!! The noodle soups have so much flavor and the service is great! The servers are always so nice! The noodle soup is a little different than others because it is Taiwanese and noodles are made from scratch.笑
We love to come here. They have similar menu items as their Chinatown location without the wait. The food is authentic and they can add or change their dishes to suit your preference. Add noodles to any dish.  They make their own dumplings and wontons. I am so glad there is a location closer to me now and they're right across the street from St. Rose hospital! They have noodle soups, dry noodle dishes and rice dishes. They also offer Thai tea, boba milk tea, and fruit smoothies.笑
This place is amazing.  I ordered the #1, and asked for extra spicy. The friendly staff showed me that spices were on each table (a huge plus). The noodles,  beef,  and vegetables were all cooked perfectly.  The broth is exactly right too. I tasted it, before spicing it, so that I could accurately check the flavors. The portion size is great,  I will definitely be a repeat customer.笑
The ladies are very nice and the service is so fast and the food it's phenomenal! My husband got beef with beans soup the and it's so good and I got he wanton noodles the best I ever had笑
Can't undervalue an opportunity to tell the truth about a place we had just visited, the Shit Pot. Correction, I think the sign outside reads Noodle Pot so I guess we will go by that for now. This evening we came in a party of three and ordered spicy wonton, beef noodle soup and port chop rice and I will go over each one of them in detail. Spicy wonton - slightly below average. Beef noodle - they give you enough noodle though we didn't like the texture (had have better else where). Broth was extra ordinary while beef was okay and nothing special. And here comes the naked truth. I think people appreciate honesty and I will be perfectly honest: the pork chop was NO DOUBT the WORST WE (PARTY OF 3) HAVE EVER HAD IN OUR LIVES. Can you imagine how hard that is? It's bad enough be the worst one has ever had but a party of 3!!!??? It was SUPER, SUPER DRY, TASTELESS not to mention thin. I think it's fair to say we controlled ourselves well and were nice enough not to return that crap after our first bites. I think you can go to an Italian, American, Vietnamese or even the cheapest buffet in town and they will have to ability to present a better fried pork chop than this one. And there were those corns. You might as well not serve them given the amount that was on the plate. How cheap you get? It's even worse than kids meals. And of course there were the two piece of broccoli's and how generous of you as we were just in tears to have those pieces on the plate. Decor was boring and service was nothing. Wonton and beef probably deserve two to three star but the pork chop is no doubt in the negative territory thus one star as we don't know if there is a way we can grade this pot place any lower. All three of us were mad that such an inferior product was presented to us (port chop) let alone to even try it. ALL THREE OF US WILL NEVER RETURN! Oh here, here is a "Grand Opening" sign outside. How long have they been opened? Just like the pork chop - you might be able to trick and get away with some but it's honestly very low class and disrespectful to serve such a dish and the customers have to pay $8.50 + tax & tip to get trash.笑
A new craving created Mmmm, place is very cozy friendly family owned atmosphere. Food is great and tasty.笑
After a long day sightseeing, we decided to skip the usual American fare and opted for Asian. Our large group found seating right away at 2 nearby tables. The traditional beef noodle soup - though listed as spicy - is mild. It compared fairly well to other Taiwanese noodle soup joints in LA or NY. The non-spicy beef noodle soup is more similar to pho but with wheat noodles instead of rice noodles.

The chive pockets could have used more chives. The cold cucumbers were prepared well and also minimally spicy. The seaweed salad was also solid. Everyone enjoyed the scallion pancakes.

The service is friendly and pretty fast. Prices were reasonable.笑
Really good food!! Extremely impressed with the food we received. The service wasn't great but I didn't go there for the service. The best item we got was the beef roll (no cilantro) and wow was it good. I was so surprised by these dish and the flavors of it!! The pot stickers were next in line. They were perfectly steamed then perfectly pan fried!! The marinated cucumbers were a perfect side to our meal, highly recommend. The only "just ok" dish was the meet pie. The outside was good but the inside was just bland. I will def be back to try some other items!!笑
The beef shanks and tendons noodles are so authentic and you can choose with your choice of noodles. The portion is generous with pieces of chunky tendons and beef cubes that melts in your mouth!笑
Came in 15 minutes after the place opened and the waitress that greeted us seemed very busy to seat us (picture of her below by the register).  Few minutes late another family came in and she greeted them with a warm smile and chatted with them as well (picture with the waitress super happy because the customer spoke her language).   When we ordered she had a stone cold killer look like we did something wrong. 

We opted to stay and tried the food since we were already here.

The beef roll was sub par. 
The wonton in hot oil sauce was skimpy
The beef pancake was the only thing that would have me return. 

Then I saw a second lady spraying raid on the back counter,  yikes.   

That broke the camels back,  not planning to return. I wonder if they will end up in dirty dining as well.笑
I'm not sure if it's authentic Taiwanese food, but it's pretty close. I've been to the Noodle Pot on the other side of town and I liked it, and the 2nd location lives up to the reputation.

The beef noodle soup came out just as expected with firm noodles and chewy beef pieces. If you're from LA (especially the 626 area) and grew up on Taiwanese cuisine, the beef noodle soup is highly comparable.

The beef rolls, on the other hand, were slightly modified from what I'm used to. Normally scallion pancakes are used as the wrap, but at this restaurant, egg pancakes were used instead. The beef and cucumbers weren't as marinated as I'd hoped. They sliced the cucumbers in a very unusual way, I'm more used to the oval-shaped slices, but these were thin, stringy slices which definitely changed the appearance and texture of the overall roll.

I'm a huge fan of dumplings. If I ever got the choice between eating dumplings versus anything else, hands down I'll always choose dumplings. Their chive and pork dumplings absolutely made expectations and I'd come back for more. The juiciness and consistency were just right and I felt at home eating their dumplings.

The beef noodle soup was on point and their dumplings are worth visiting the place to try. Beef rolls are generally difficult to get right because of all the ingredients involved, but Noodle Pot II does a good job of making one. I would come back to this place just to avoid the drive to Spring Mountain.

And if you're looking for a good boba place, Noodle Pot II is worth a try.笑
Food is just ok. Very overpriced and not really sure why since it's Nevada and not California. There are better restaurants in Vegas in Chinatown.笑
I knowing owning a business is tough, especially a restaurant. Hence, I gave them a couple extra stars. I find the value of food is not that great. Especially the wonton chili, be mindful that it's a $7.50 dish with roughly 7-8 small wontons and splattered with chili oil. That's it, more of an appetizer not a dish. It was good but not $1.00 each good. I find that if I was to make Korean Instant noodles which are comparable, I would of been happier than to spend $30. Times are tough, need to budget.笑
Super stoked this place opened in Henderson. There's finally a decent Taiwanese place on this side of town. Great food, tastes like how it would at home.笑
For this style of Chinese noodles in Henderson, it doesn't get bette than this place. They also have a location at the Chinatown Plaza. Also, starting September they are going to be open 7 days a week here. I believe they used to be closed on Wed? 

I like to get the beef/tendon noodle, it's got a little kick to it but it's not really spicy. I also like to get the cold appetizer dish - I think they call it triple delight or something. It has cold marinated beef, tendon and pressed tofu in it topped with cilantro.  I wish they had a little more selection of noodles but what do have is good. Give it a try.

As far as service, it usually only one server but she tries to stay on top of it. In most Chinese restaurants like this, it's better to just call them over if you need a refill or something. They are always willing to help you, just don't wait for them to come around. That's how it's done in most Asian countries anyway.笑
This is a 1-$ restaurant with a 4 star taste!  Limited menu but what they make is done with perfection.  

We ordered the #2 Beef & Tendon Noodle Soup and the #21 Tomato Stir Fried with Stew Beef Rice.  Delicious defined.  

The decor is simple Asian with Taiwanese influences and clean.

Inexpensive and great taste - I highly recommend!笑
It's always nice finding good Taiwanese restaurants, esp in Vegas where you wouldn't expect to. Came to noodle pot after seeing it on Yelp and decided to give it a try. 

Food
-Beef wraps- bomb!! I love beef wraps and noodle house did a good job with theirs. Plenty of flavor with a good ratio of vegetables and meat. 
- tomato beef over rice- this dish was alright for me. Had a good amount of meat and rice, but the sauce was a little too sour. 
-chicken rice plate- my gf really liked this plate. The smoked chicken had a lot of flavor and wasn't too heavy. 
-Avocado smoothie- standard smoothie. Used real avocados. 

Service
- service was good, middle aged women helped us out and was friendly. Restaurant was empty though so they weren't busy at the time. 

Environment
- Asian themed, open tables. Good amount of seating and parking.

Overall, I enjoyed my experience here and satisfied my Taiwanese cravings. Would have liked to try their other dishes too.笑
Even with the Vegas weather in the 110 degrees, we still had lunch there.  Was it ever worth it.  The place was hard to find, due to no sign.  The only way I knew I was in the right place was due to their logo.笑
Trying out the Noodle Pot II in the spot where Inaka Sushi used to be. 

You know it is gonna be authentic when they start speaking to you immediately in Mandarin and everyone in the place is speaking loudly in Chinese!

This is not your Panda Express, so please be aware.

Service is gonna be your efficient style no nonsense type. 

We ordered:

Pork Feet Noodle- 3 star - Nice sized braised pork feet inside a bowl with noodles. I thought that the pork feet was overall tasty and good, some of the pieces were a bit tougher to eat than others.  The soup in the noodles was decent, a bit thin, but decent.  It was not a complex flavor.

Tendon and Beef shank noodle- 4 star - My son ordered this and it was very flavorful. The soup was also very simple, but decent as well.  I wonder what they are using to make the soup stock.

Won ton soup - 3 star - Nice and decent amount of won ton, but this is a simple dish as well. The flavored were okay. 

Chives and pork dumplings - 3 star - Good dumplings. Wasn't totally impressed. A bit watery. 

Taiwan Ground Pork and Rice -  4 star - This was a last minute add as we wanted to try some more dishes. This was by far the best. The rice was just right, and a bit sweet. The pickled cabbage had the right flavor adding to the ground pork and rice.  The pork itself was very, very good. Packed with flavor and yumminess!  I would order this again in a heart beat.

So far, so good. I will be coming back again to try their scallion pankcake, Kaofu, and the smoked bon-in chicken leg.笑
Dined here for lunch yesterday, ordered #1 stewed spicy beef noodle, beef roll and chili wontons. The wontons were amazing, the beef roll had one single thin slice of meat and was all cilantro and cucumber the soup had good flavor, but with something I ate I bit into a bone or something hard and chipped my tooth pretty bad. I told the server and did not even get an apology. I did however get 5% off my check, what I would have happily not accepted if they would have said sorry and acknowledged what happened.笑
So far I have been here twice and I really like it! I get the wonton soup and once switched the noodles out for veggies. The entire bowl is very filling and left me satisfied for a few hours. Each time I went I also split the balloon pancake with a friend. It is slightly greasy but still a very tasty treat and it gives a lot for the order. If you tell them about Yelp you will also get 10% off your order! The total for two of us was under $20 and some of the best noodle soup I had had in a while.笑
Been looking for decent Chinese food, and really can't find a place in Henderson. Trying to hit up a different restaurant all the time, and found this place. Inexpensive, easy parking, sit down tables, good service, and the food was way better than we expected. HUGE helping of noodles; so much so that I took it home and had a great lunch the next day. Enjoyed the beef rolls, and the smoked chicken was good also. We definitely will be back.笑
First time today. Loved this place. Had wontons In chili sauce and #2 noodle soup as well as #7 noodle soup. Loved everything and the waitress was a very hard working conscientious young lady.笑
Ordered the beef roll and clear broth beef noodle, best beef noodle soup I have ever had so far. Portion is very generous and quality of the ingredients is great! My must go noodle joint in vegas! Server is polite and helpful as well.笑
From the moment we walked in, we knew we chose the right place for lunch. The atmosphere alone is welcoming and we were greeted by a friendly lady who we both kept contemplating is the owner (???) Anyhow, lunch was just as it was served and presented to us, delicious. Everything we ordered was super yummy..we will be back!笑
Authentic Taiwanese? No, but it was good.
We started with my favorite- slice beef pancake. It's sweetened beef wrapped in an egg wrapper with cilantro. The egg wrapper was different from what I've had before, but I think I prefer that to the usual oily breading. The Chive and pork dumplings were packed full and practically exploded in your mouth. YUM. 
For our main dish we shared the stewed tendon noodle in hot bean sauce. My non-Asian half thought that sounded unappetizing, but the name is misleading. It's noodles in a slightly sweet broth with soft slices of beef. You'll like it. 
Those three things were enough to feed the two of us. I liked the side dishes more than the noodles. Nothing we ordered was more than 10$. Noodle Pot II is a cheap, quick eat! 
The restaurant was WAY cleaner than the original Noodle Pot with a mixture of the lucky color Red and leftover Christmas decorations. According to the owners (yes, they're the same owners that own Noodle Pot across town) they offer a few more things including boba drinks! 
The restaurant staff were very attentive and friendly. 
Don't let the lower ratings from the other location turn you away, Noodle Pot II was good and deserves a fresh start!笑
this place is a yummy Taiwanese food, when you live on this side of the town and not want to drive 20 min to chinatown. They come with huge big portions and were perfect as a snack later.

I got the spicy beef noodles soup. the non spicy one kind of reminds me of PHO soup base. Either way its good. They didnt have the tripe cold dishes but i wish they did.  We got the tendon and it was SOOOO big and chewy. Definitely a must!

the spicy wonton noodles were sweet and spicy. So i liked it a lot! I actually liked this sauce for my tendon.笑
I was actually pretty surprised to hear that there was a Taiwanese joint that opened up here in Henderson, let alone a good one. The first Noodle Pot is on Spring Mountain and this one is rightfully located on Eastern in Henderson. 

It's a relatively new addition to the many dining options on Eastern, and a well-welcomed one in my book. I came here with a couple of friends the other night and was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant is spacious and clean and was fairly empty when we came in. 

I recommend the beef noodle soup, obviously, a Taiwanese staple. We also tried the beef roll - beef wrapped in green onion pancake and they were pretty good. I liked the sesame noodles as well. The waitress also gave us chicken broth with our dishes, but it was a little too salty.

The menu is in English and there are pictures, so fear not. Luckily, someone in our group spoke and understood Mandarin because the waitress kept talking to our group in it. I would helplessly look at my friend for translation! :P

Overall, it's not a bad option if you are in Henderson and want Taiwanese food. I would definitely go back and am excited to try more things on their menu.笑
First and only noodle place I have ever been. So I don't have anything to compare it to. However it was good food. I have been here twice and had the wonton with noodles both times. A generous portion of noodles with little ghost looking wontons.  Broth was very tasty. I believe I will be making many return visits.笑
After fasting for 15 hours for my blood work, I was starving!! This place is right across from St. Rose hospital (less than 1 min. drive). Much better option than eating at the cafeteria in the hospital. 
I came in for spicy beef noodle soup (#2) and hot chili won ton. They were delicious!
 The spicy beef noodle soup had two different kinds of beef. I don't know what kind of beef but one kind tasted like the beef in Oxtail soup. Very tender and some fatty. The other kind was very tough and hard (tendon?). It wasn't that spicy. I should've asked extra spicy. 
The chili won ton was also very tasty as the Yelp reviews said. I was so starving I ate them all.
The reviews said their water glasses were dirty so I ordered a bottle of water. To me, water glass looked fine, but just in case.
Waiter guy was very nice and attentive. The lady in the kitchen came out and talked to me which was nice (She is from Tainan. 台南)
I will come back to try more different stuff on the menu!!笑
Had sudden cravings for a bowl of warm beef noodle after a couple days of hitting the casino buffets... This place did not disappoint! The broth and meats were very flavourful and noodle had good textures. Add some of their condiment chili oil to give it some kick. Only wished the soup was a little warmer as it was not exactly hot. Overall a legit place for Taiwanses beef noodle!笑
Decent good food if you compare to the other Chinese restaurants around here. My daughter loves the scallion pancakes. I like the hot spicy wontons and spicy beef noodle soup here. Beats going all the way down to Chinatown if you are craving Chinese food.笑
Really liked their ground pork dish with rice and veggies. Very tasty!
Service was pleasant, it is a small place, was not crowded.
Prices are reasonable, good value.
Next time will try the soup.
They are located in the back of Dunkin Donuts building.笑
Great experience- good food and lovely people. We got a #2, pot stickers and a shrimp noodle dish. All were tasty and flavorful. I loved the beef stew w noodles. I had a bit of an upset stomach and it helped settle it. I am a big eater and couldn't finish my dish!笑
We totally enjoyed our first experience! Fresh Taiwanese dumplings was a plus! Chili oil wontons, mince pork noodles, mince pork rice, chopped chicken, & onion scallions all made dinner delightful!!笑
Eat here at your own risk. We stopped by for dinner on a Sunday evening. We ordered Tja Tjeung Mein, Wonton Noodle Soup and some Beef Pancakes. Everything tasted okay, but there may have been something not so great in our food. Based on timing, it seems Noodle Pot II seems to have caused us some digestive issues.笑
Earlier in the week, my allergies was just a muck. The day before, I had ramen. On this particular day, I still needed noodle soup, but didn't want to make the trip down to my usual. Thanks to Yelp, I found Noodle Pot II.

So I made my way up on Eastern and made the left into the plaza's driveway. Big banner hanging in front of Noodle Pot II, GRAND OPENING! Awesome!

Because lunch hour is 11am, I'm always so happy to beat the lunch rush. Besides another family just finishing up, I was the only other patron there. Glancing over the menu, they have a lot of noodle soup options, but I wasn't looking for anything too fancy. So I settled on wonton noodle soup to help make feel a little comfortable.

The broth was excellent. There was a quite a bit of wonton and even more noodles. I think it could have used a little more bok choy, but I was feeling satisfied, including my sinuses.

The decor is of typical Chinese restaurant. Nothing outlandish nor trendy. And of course, friendly service.

Because the temperature is heating up, I do look forward to visiting again when we get back to the winter season.笑
Green onions on the floor. Which is gross.. 
Messed up order that took over 30 mins and 15 to fix. So 45 mins for a take out order. Food is okay. Will probably not be back.笑
This place is really good  I have never been a big fan of the soups. But I got the number 1 beef stewed With noodles in hot bean stew. And i'm a fan not to spicy and tons of noodles and beef. 

My wife got the chicken and chili wontons. At first she was a little put off of the look of the chicken,(Not being a nugget) but she really liked it. Definitely will come again to try more.笑
If you're looking for amazing noodles, this is exactly the place you're looking for! I haven't been to the location in Chinatown, but most of the reviews say this one is better anyway. We were super impressed with the noodle bowls, the beef wraps, and the hot chili wontons. Having never had Taiwanese food before we were unsure what to expect, but now this is one of our go to places. Get on down here and eat a big bowl of goodness!笑
Chinese people eat here! Weeks of seeing Instagram posts of noodle places in different states left me with a deep craving for noodles.
I have found the Noodle spot of my dreams!!
The nice lady who served us was very sweet and pleasant. The decor is very Chinatown and out of place in Henderson but I'm sure happy they're so close. Prices are  extremely reasonable. I believe they are under new management which explains the Grand Opening sign.

We started with the scallion pancakes and ended up with a 2nd order. They are warm, soft & chewy with a mild onion flavor...sort of like a Chinese onion flour tortilla.

Wonton Noodle Soup. Light broth with generous amount of deliciously delicate wontons that melt in your mouth. Also generous amount of noodles & bok choy. Perfect anytime but especially good for when you're under the weather.

#16 House Special Spicy Noodles - I cannot express how much I love this dish. It's also known as Cha Chiang Mein.
I've tried this dish at other places and either been mildly amused or disappointed. Noodle Pot is what I've always imagined how this dish should be. Let's just start with the sauce...it's a Chinese version of spaghetti with meat sauce but BETTER! The sauce is not overly done and has the right amount of spice mixed into the perfect ratio of ground pork and mapo-style tofu. Dip the scallion pancake into the sauce :) 
I knew it was going to be good the moment I dug my chopsticks into the bowl and pulled out strands of chewy and clearly fresh made noodles...the best I've ever had.

This is my new obsession. My family will eventually tire and roll their eyes at me when I drag them here every week and then I'll have to resort to sneaking it in without them. Let's keep this wonderful establishment in business for years to come. Go get yourself the best noodles in town and bring a friend but pay no attention to the girl slurping down her noodles in the corner...that will just be little ole me :)笑
Wow, not sure about how to review this dinner. I got the beef noodle soup, beef pancake & pork/chive dumplings, to go. Maybe the drive home affected the quality some. It was edible but the meat was tough & broth was too salty, lacking any significant veggies in the soup. Dumplings were starchy & could have been steamed longer. Beef pancake was ok, meat was very dry but pancake part was tasty. I will try them again dining there & not take out. My mom is Taiwanese & these are familiar dishes to me. I would love for these dishes to bbe like my memory of them.笑
I'm happy to see an authentic Chinese place has opened in Henderson. The atmosphere is basic like you'd expect to see in a Chinatown strip mall noodle spot. Makes sense since this is restaurant #2 for the original Noodle Pot in Chinatown. 

The noodle dishes were fairly good. I like more spice so I loaded up on the chili paste on the table. They serve boba drinks here too so the kids will get their happiness fill too.笑
The food was very good and the beef rolls were especially delicious. The waitresses were so friendly and helpful in explaining the menu as well. We even got to speak with the owner who was very kind and made great conversation with my family and me. Will come back again!笑
Great noodle soups but the service is lacking and there was little attention to detail.  No follow-up to see if we needed anything else.  Had to repeatedly ask for water and forks.  Water we finally got, forks not. Somehow one order of soup was left off our order so I had to wait while the rest of my family ate.  Not a big deal but a little apology would have gone a long way.  I probably won't return to this location.笑
Superb boba tea! Wonderful food! Very kind staff. Can't go wrong with his place if you want some authentic Taiwanese food.笑
Clean, convenient location. Service was perfect. I don't know what people are talking about if I need something she is right where I can see her to make eye contact and checked on me to make sure I like my order. I don't like it when server lurk and keep bothering you. My water is always filled, I don't have to ask but she doesn't hover. This is much appreciated.
It is my fourth time dining here. I get something different each time and all are wonderful. I will be back once a week or more!
Tastes very authentic, whereas most Asian restaurants are "Americanized". Delicious and huge portion for low price.笑
I tried beef noddles in many China towns in other cities, but noodle pot has the most authentic beef noodles that I haven't had before in the US. It has my greatest recommendation if you want to taste the most authentic Taiwanese beef noodles.笑
Haven't tried too many dishes yet, but the beef noodle soup here is as good as the one from original location in Chinatown.  Plus this location is definitely cleaner and bigger than the original.  Will definitely return again.

Vegas locals - do yourself a favor and checkout this new location.  It's a lot easier than having to deal with the waves of tourists in Chinatown.笑
Unexpectedly gooooood. This place is a hidden gem. Can't tell from the outside. The noodle is chewy. Soup is tasty. The only comment I have is if they can indicate the level of spiciness. My beef noodle is way hotter than the red oil wonton . I ended up pour water to the soup.... In the end, I drunk all the soap. Will definitely go back again.笑
Yesh! I mean, YESH!!! And I'll even throw in a Huzzah!!! One of the greatest restaurants in the Valley has opened up a follow-up called, well, Noodle Pot Number Dos, or II as they say down in the Blue Bayou. And not only is this the sequel, but this could be even better than the original. Yes, you heard me dammit. Sea-qwell.

I've been a big fan of the original NP since Big Willy Style introduced me to it a few years ago. Them beef noodle soups. Them spicy chili oil wontons. Them is everything. I would like to have gone there more often, but it's quite a drive from me, myself, or I. So when I saw Greg's photos and the name 'Noodle Pot II' pop up, I was instantly intrigued. Intriguing, you might say. And you would be correct. After a quick call to confirm that they were open on New Years, I was on my way.

Noodle Pot II is located on Eastern and St. Rose right near the new B.A.R bar, the Little Tokyo Massage place, and right behind the Oasis(?) Kabob (I thought it was Flame Kabob, but it must have already went under). When I walked in the first question that I asked was "Are you the same owner's as the store on Spring Mountain Rd?" The owner said "Yes". I was beyond ecstatic. I liked the interior of restaurant. It definitely has the same feel of the original, but more updated and clean. 

After being handed the menu, the owner told me that it was exactly the same as the spot in Chinatown, except that they have a few new items, like the Beef and Scallion Pancake, and Bubble tea drinks, which are not available at the original. I decided to try the Beef Pancake this time, but I will get back to them spicy chili oil wontons on my next visit. I also ordered my favorite, #2, Taiwanese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup with Tendons. After a short wait, my food came out. 

The beef noodle soup was FANSTACTICO! Honestly, I thought the broth was actually better here than the original one. Hearty, beefy, but still light on the palate. They use the same high quality beef as the original, but for some reason, it just tastes better here. The noods were phenomenal as always, and the tendons were soft and delightful. If they don't bring out pickled cilantro, ask for it, you will like it, unless you don't like cilantro. But I think its crazy good, and it takes everything to level B, if you were on level A. Or if the building was in reverse order, then you would be on level C, and level B would be higher. I think. 

I wanted to get those amazing spicy chili oil wontons that I remembered so fondly, but the new item, the beef pancake, was calling for me. And I picked up the phone, and I listened. And it spoke "Michael K., I know you are listening to me, I want you to take the red pill". And I was like, "Oh really", and then I ordered the Beef Pancake. Imagine a bao that has a thin skin, and is loaded with juicy filling. It is then steamed, then seared on both sides to create a crusty exterior. Another home run out of the park. A little advice, break open the beef pancake with the knife beforehand to let some of the juice inside escape. Idiotically, I picked up a whole pancake and took a bite. As you can imagine, I Squirtle'd hot beef juice over myself. That was my bad, and I take full responsibility for that.

I will definitely be back. Noodle Pot is not only one of the best Taiwanese restaurants in Vegas, but probably one of the best Taiwanese spots in the entire country. And just like Monta Chaya is the upgraded version of Monta on Spring Mountain, Noodle Pot II is the upgraded version of the original Noodle Pot. 

Noodle Pot Noodle Pot, can't you see, sometimes your noodles are just hypnotizing me!笑
Contrary to what I had heard, the food and service were subpar. The waitress (?) was of no help, we had to ask for everything, eating utensils, napkins and drink refills. We did not finish our tasteless meals and won't return.笑
First of all, why is no one talking about the smell of this place?! Did we go on an off day? As soon as we walked in, we noticed a strong smell of sulfur or spoiled eggs. The bathrooms were also extremely stinky and old. Not sure how clean this place is...

Secondly, the beef roll was sub par. I didn't like the wrapping that they used instead of the usual scallion pancake. The beef and cucumbers weren't that marinated or flavorful. It was meh. I've had better at pretty much every other Taiwanese restaurant I've been to.

Third, service wasn't great and the lady misheard our order so I didn't get my food until the rest of my friends were done eating and I was already full from munching on everyone's food while I was waiting.

However, everyone enjoyed their orders of noodles. The beef noodle soup was pretty bomb with juicy tender meat. It's called Noodle Pot for a reason so if you're REALLY craving a bowl of hot noodle soup, this place will definitely satisfy. You'll get accustomed to the smell after being in there for a little while.笑
If you are on this side of town and are craving some delicious Taiwanese soup, look no further! Noodle Pot is legit and you don't even need to drive all the way to Chinatown. Yee!

All you need to know-- #1 Spicy Beef Noodle Soup!
It hits the spot if you are craving for something spicy and filling. I also like to pair it with a side of wontons in chili oil. Now that is a perfect combination. Yum!

There isn't really much more to know except that you need to do yourself a favor and order the #1. I've dined in a handful of times since I moved here, but I prefer to call in my order ahead of time and take it to go. Make sure to mention the yelp check in for a little discount. From my first visit to my latest visit, the service went from meh to awesome, so that makes coming back to this place a no brainer. The food is not "fancy" but instead homemade tasting, but that is what I prefer. Come here to get your noodle on!笑
Randomly look out at yelp for  quick lunch . And found this place . I designed to order chives&pork dumpling  for appetizer ( but it came last its ok ) taste was good i can tell it was homemade not from the frozen . And for my lunch dish i had fried seasoning pork chop with rice . I love their pork chop . And another we ordered shredded pork ginger garlic sauce rice its good as well . So over all good food, good price , good service . I will come back again笑
Hey hey Henderson, just a quick review to put this new restaurant on blast! It's speciality, noodle soup! Noodle Pot II. 

Dine-in.. All soups are served piping hot in a huge bowl. Broths are flavorful and fresh made noodles and dumplings.

 To-go order of soup was packed in Styrofoam container and wrapped in plastic, survived the trip home and soup was still hot as well. 

Beef, chicken and pork are your choices for protein.  Noodle  soups are served with regular round noodles but choice is optional..you can opt for wide, bean thread or rice stick.  Want extra noodles?  That's two dollars more. 

Oh price!.. reasonable! All under ten.. average meal about eight bucks! 

Love the non spicy options and there's a section for non noodle options too (ie Wonton, Fish Ball) 

Full service restaurant   Host/server will seat you and take your order.  There is an option for to-go options as well.  Grab a paper menu at entrance. 

Menu is easy to follow. There are a few pix to help you decide. 

Restaurant is small but they made good use of dining space. Doesn't feel cramped at all. Inviting with the pretty bamboo plants all over the restaurant. Good Feng Shui vibe.

Hospitality was pretty pleasant as well.  The ladies there were all nice and welcoming. No language barrier at all.  My order felt like it took more than enough time though for a bowl of soup and deep fried dumplings. 

Location
Coming from Horizon Ridge on Eastern-pass Sienna Heights. Your visual cue is Tide Dry Cleaners where you make the turn in. Noodle Pot will be right on the left side.  You know where Born Raised is? That's the strip mall Noodle Pot II is located. 

Note- hours of operation are hand written on a piece of paper for now so not sure if it's permanent.. but Sundays it's closed rest of the days 11am - 9pm.  So right now you got time to stop by! 

I've never been to their established location in Chinatown but have seen yummy pix of this place.  So this is a welcome addition to #HendersonEats!  

Craving or need a bowl of soup, Noodle Pot hits the spot for sure!笑
I really had my hopes up about this place. I saw the pictures on Yelp and they looked so good! The potstickers were decent but it's pretty hard to mess up pot stickers. We tried the beef soup and it had a strange after taste and beef had no flavor. I struggled to eat more than 4 bites, it wasn't pleasant. I won't be revisiting this place. thoroughly disappointing.笑
When we found this place we were very excited. The pics here look delicious and the prices are good. We ordered the stew beef noodle (#1), Taiwanese style ground pork dish, wonton in chili oil and scallion pancakes. The pancakes and wontons are good, but nothing special. The ground pork dish has a tiny portion of meat on a massive amount of rice, and it doesn't taste anything like the signature Taiwanese pork belly dish. The beef noodle soup has a weird aftertaste. Beef chunks are so big and tough they were impossible to chew. Ugh.

I was hoping it was just an off night and have been wanting to give it another try. But it was so bad for the boyfriend he refuses to go back.笑
So so so so delicious! Stopped in with my mom randomly for lunch and we split the minced braised pork over rice, scallion pancake, and potstickers. Holy moly it was so yummy!!! The potstickers are worth every penny, pretty big with lots of filling. Everything tastes super fresh, even the plain white rice tasted super fresh, easily the best I've had! 

Really reasonably priced! Laid back atmosphere, server was great. I'm awful with chopsticks and so is my mom so the waitress saw us struggling and brought forks over for us, thaaaank goodness! 

Definitely will be coming back, the noodle soups look delicious!!!笑
Was our first time here today. Here's what me and my family think:

***Service - not friendly, a bit rude if I may say. I asked for an extra spoon, fork and plate for my younger child (my kids are sharing a meal since neither of them can finish one adult serving). The server gave me small plate but refused to give spoon and fork. I asked again, she responded there's soup spoon on the table. I told her (again) that I need those to feed the baby... She finally gave me what I need but she dumped them on the table like it was such a hassle for her to do.

***Meal preparation - it was fast. Our food was served in no time.

***Food and pricing - we ordered the following:

The braised beef in spicy bean soup overall was quite salty to my liking. The spice strength was good, not weak but not too spicy. Noodles was cooked fine. There was ample meat, vegetables and noodles. A decent serving for the price of $8.99

The vegetable soup was served with shiitake mushrooms and tofu. Tofu was surprisingly flavorful. The husband thinks the broth was weak. But I think it was just fine and yummy. I guess that was in comparison to the salty braised beef in spicy bean soup that i had. It was a decent serving for $7.99

The kids gas the smoked chicken and rice. It was served with steamed bokchoy and century egg. It was over all too salty to our liking. Maybe that's just us. Maybe you'll like it. We won't order this again. Meat and rice amount is decent for the price of $9.

Thai Tea was okay but sized too small for $3.25. 

***Over all ambience and restaurant - ambience was okay nothing fancy. For a place that was recently opened I kind of expected something better. Unfortunately the place felt like it was not properly maintained. The tables were icky. I'm not picky but I think anyone can feel and tell when something is dirty.


We might come back... Not sure when. Not too thrilled to come back though.笑
First of all, the service that we received here the last two times we've been here have been excellent! The second time we came I was actually surprised the lady remembered us cause it's been a couple months since we've been here last. But she did.  

I got the #1 Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and I definitely recommend it.  The broth was flavorful and the meat was so tender.  The husband got some type of combo with everything in it and my boys got the pork chop (two with rice and one with noodle soup) and they loved it.  I definitely recommend getting the wonton in chili sauce.  What I loved is the fact that the lady gave my daughter a bowl of noodles in chicken broth so she can have something of her own.  Like I said earlier, the lady was great and the customer service we received was top notch.  I would definitely recommend this spot, especially if you don't want to trek down to Chinatown.