This really is a must try for any sports fan. ESPN magazine wasnt wrong when they named it the best sports bar in the world.  

Its CRAZY anytime there is a big event on and youll need to show up very early or get a reservation well in advance.

Their menu is very much typical of a chain and has no real imagination, oh and its very expensive. The cost does fall in line with what id expect from a tourist trap though.

Over all its a fun time if there is a big game on.笑
5 stars alll the wayyy babbyy!!!!  

Ok, so this was my day before I went to real sports bar.  My friend hits me up, says we gotta go downtown and check out the UFC expo.  I was like ok why not?  So we go there, mingle with people meet Dana White, he gives us some free tickets to the UFC event in Toronto, and he signs my hat.  After a great day we want to go celebrate, so since I've never been, i recommend Real Sports Bar.  

K, When I walk around town, everything is a been there, seen that type feel.  As soon as I got into Real Sports Bar, I was a Deer caught in headlights.  I'm not a small guy by any means.  I was standing in the middle of the pathway waiters were delivering food shocked from the atmosphere alone.  I think they were showing the semi finals game for Vancouver this stanley cup.  

Anyways, The atmosphere is crazzzzzyyyyy, the waitresses are crazzzzzzyyyyyy (not of the insane type... u know what i mean) and the food, well what I ordered was reallllyyy good.  I ended up ordering a beef wellington topped with mash potatoes and gravvy.  It was amazing, probably one of the best sports bar foods I have ever eaten.  The french fries were pretty good, nothing out of this world.  The prices were pretty good.  They were a bit pricey if you were just going to eat there, but with everything considered, going for a game, atmosphere, and kicking it with the homies, its definatly worth the price point.  

My fav sports bar of all time! Highly recommended

Follow me on Twitter: @slidewaysclutch笑
Absolutely insane amount of televisions in this place, including the largest HD projection screen I've ever seen.

Fantastic selection of draught beer (25+).  Menu is fairly well layed out with plenty to choose from.  Wings are a tad expensive at $13/pound but they're huge, like the roasters at Turtle Jack's.  The club I ordered was standard fare, but it really hit the spot.  

Hard to hate this place - it is large enough to house a deluge of Leaf fans pre-game activities and seeing that I went the night of the first game of the Leaf pre-season, the place was jammed.  

If I had to give a Con regarding this place, it would have to be the amount of suits here; it's just like the platinum seats at a Leaf game - tables can be reserved and that is what the Financial district guys did.  Just like a Leaf game, half the seating was empty, waiting for those who had reserved to show.

But hey, I'm a suit-guy and that just means that I've learned to reserve my own table next time to avoid being pushed aside by the great-unwashed with the TML facepainted crowd.

Oh, the VIP section is pretty fly too.  I noticed a few of the Leaf brass there and quite a few Ottawa Senators that were healthy scratches that night (that means you, Spezza, in your brown suit).笑
If you are into sports, this is it. The mecca of sports bars.

When I heard it was nominated as the best sports bar in north america (http://www.mlse.com/news/realsports_bestbar090110.aspx), I was a bit skeptical. But this place doesn't disappoint.

Their main screen is absolutely massive at 2.5 storeys and 444 inches.  Its an incredible sight to behold.  The food isn't bad either -- we ordered nachos and chicken wings and both were decent.  

If you want to watch a sports game in Toronto, this is the place to do it.笑
Food was good. That's it. The guy who program the channel was arrogant and really not customer friendly. Service was bad from A to Z.笑
Horrible service.  Waited 20 minutes and still wasn't served drinks at the bar. One Bartender for each side of the bar? With the exception of the service it is good place to watch a game. There are a lot of big screen tv's all over and they play good music.笑
I have wanted to try this place for the last couple years but I will tell you why I have never tried it and never will after today.
A few years back before a concert, my friend and I tried to get in but the hostess said they can only seat us for an hour and we have to leave within the hour to make room for "reservations" for the game that would be on TV. We left because clearly 1 hour is not enough time to enjoy a meal and get decent service. 
Today, I called to make reservations for two 3 weeks from now because they only accommodate reservations for up to 3 weeks in advance.
When I called to make the reservation for 3 hours before the concert start time, the girl on the phone asked if I was going to the concert. I said yes, thinking she was just making conversation. She then said "we ask that you leave by 7pm so we can accommodate game seating, is that ok"? I said "no, I think you'll all live if we leave at 7:30". This was not good enough as its strict policy that you must vacate the premises by a certain time if you're not there for a game, or make your reservations around the start of a game. 
I made the reservation anyway, and the reservation email specifically states the time you must leave to make room for people to watch the game. Their ethics made me feel that I was already not going to have a good dining experience. 
Due to the fact that this establishment does not care to seat people that are not there for hours on end to spend a ton of money, I have cancelled my reservation and will never try to eat here again. There is a clear lack of care for the customers.笑
I was visiting Toronto anyway and decided it'd be lots of fun to go over and watch a playoff hockey game (it was New York/Washington, if you're curious) at Real Sports. You can get there from Union Station without ever really walking on surface streets thanks to the PATH, which was especially helpful because it was raining when I went. I was alone and it wasn't a very crowded night, so I was seated right away at a table well-situated on the ground level in front of the Giant Wall of Televisions. Oh man, it's almost like seeing a movie in IMAX or something. It's really incredible. 

My server was quite eager and friendly, especially when I told her I was here from out of town. I had Thai sweet chili chicken wings with a deliciously sweet-spicy sticky sauce, a margarita on the rocks and the s'mores dessert, which is basically a deconstructed layered version of s'mores where the layers are served in a Mason jar (ah, a charming little touch of the South so far up north, haha). All of it was pretty tasty stuff. 

This seems to be a thing in many Canadian restaurants based on my experiences and I really want it to catch on south of the border for convenience and security reasons: when it's time to pay, they bring over a little handheld version of a card swiper so you can physically swipe your card, add a tip and sign the receipt right there. You can easily use an American-style magnetic strip only card. (We really need to get on with putting chips in our credit cards. I digress.)

Plus, if you're worried about missing something while you go to the bathroom, you don't need to--there's a TV inside the ladies' room, right by a brilliant little countertop that's just for a well-lit vanity mirror, no sinks so you can't drop your lip gloss or phone. They really have thought of everything.

Like others have said, this place gets loud. When the game goes to commercial, they play music over the ads, which made me very confused at first because I wondered when Chevy started using Pony by Ginuwine to advertise trucks. Obviously the game audio is turned up loud too. I imagine a packed house would only amplify things further. It's a certain kind of atmosphere, but it was the one I was looking for and I had an awesome time.笑
We ended up celebrating New Year's Eve here which was our first visit after hearing all the hype about Real Sports Bar. Once inside, we were impressed by the design and interior but that soon ended once we were seated at one of the booths at the far end. Although we had made reservations and there were three empty booths we passed, management was unwilling to let us move at first. Only after much persuasion did they allow us to move then to the centre booth. 

For our meals, we both ended up ordering the chicken picatta dish, which we had hoped would be similar to the Cheesecake Factory version but was nothing at all like it. Once you take a bite, oil kept dripping and had an unsatisfying taste. We had also ordered the spinach dip as an appetizer which was ok. As for their service, we didn't' find the staff to be very friendly as no one greeted us as we came in or left. It seemed as though they were treating the place more as a club rather than restaurant where there didn't appear to be any emphasis on providing a friendly atmosphere with good service. I'm not sure how long a place can survive if it depends solely on the design space with food and service being just ok. 

All in all, we would go back perhaps for just appetizers or drinks on occasion but do not see it being a place we highly recommend to others.笑
Terrible service. We'vecbooked a table to watch  Brazil x Cameroon and they placed us in an area showing Mexico x Croatia... An we've booked way before the WC started and for the 3 games Brazil played...what a fiasco!!!笑
awesome environment!! great drinks and an amazing beer selection. 

Now to the food!! I got the "Candaian Burger Eh!" SO FREAKIN DELICIOUS. comes with fries served in a mini frying basket, cute :)

Nacho appetizer is a must, really big and really tasty.

Came with a big group, so there was a variety of foods ordered. from what I saw, whether you order a burger, sandwhiches, salads or chicken wings. you wont be disappointed.

My sister and cousin however,  would not recommend getting the buffalo chicken sandwhich or salad...too much breading and too much sauce.

Our waitress Steph was very attentive and answered all our questions.笑
This is a great place to kick back and chill with buddies. They have a great selection of beer, their food is pretty good at decent prices and they have huge TV's to watch sports on. No complaints there. However, my last two times visiting Real Sports, the service has been quite underwhelming. 

The second last time I visited, the waitress obviously hated her job. Place wasn't packed but she gave us attitude when we asked to move to a table with a better view of the big screen TV. When asked for whether she thought one dish was better than the other, she told us, in a rude tone, that she didn't like either (which wasn't expected). And not once did she come to check up on us and whether we wanted more drinks. 

This time around, my buddies and I met up after a long day of work around 8pm. We had a great waitress who was very friendly and struck up conversation naturally. We got our food and our drinks in a timely manner and the service was great. We also got one bill but paid evenly with three credit cards. 

After we had settled up, we stayed at the table for another 45 minutes or so, catching up, before we had to leave - each of us had to go finish up work for the night and one of us had a train to catch. Just before we're about to get up, the manager (name was Lornie or something) comes to our table and tells us our waitress had screwed up the payment and that he had to refund two of the credit cards before charging us again. 

First off, he really didn't explain the situation well as all three of us were pretty confused. Secondly, he then disappeared for a good 10-15 minutes while we were stranded to just wait for him to come back as he had taken one of our cards (no idea why he had to take just one of our cards). 

When he finally came back with our waitress, we told him we were in a rush and that we didn't appreciate the time he was spending on this when we had already settled up what we owed. He still couldn't explain the situation but he began raising his voice at us for "giving him a hard time about this when it was his first time" or something. After his long spiel, he went on to tell us that he had come back to apologize for the situation but it was not his problem (!??!) and that he would make sure we were "taken care of" the next time we come in if we shoot him an email. 

Not his problem? Shoot him an email? The way I see it, we're patrons of the restaurant and if something goes wrong, you acknowledge it, apologize straight up and make up for it. Probably the first time I've seen a manager cause frustration and not offer a discount of some sort.笑
Always horrible service and attitude from waitresses. Food is so overpriced and not worth your money. The only reason I come back is for the big screens on game night. Waitresses don't address you unless you repeatedly call for them and only speak to you when you're paying the bill hoping to get a big tip. Would not recommend.笑
Went there for the boyfriend's birthday & reserved a table for 11. It wasn't that hard to make a reservation. However, I would highly recommend making one because it got packed pretty fast. 

We were seated at this table that I immediately HATED because we were seated on bar stools with no back rests. We had NO WHERE to hang our jackets & the girls had no were to put their purses. Everyone shared the same sentiment: "This seating arrangement is not conducive for coats." 

I ordered the fried calamari to start. It was a good portion size but the dipping sauce, for something "chipotle" was BLAND. 

Drinks are ok priced - I've been to other places that have the same drinks but slightly better priced. 

For my main I decided to go small & get the appetizer chicken fingers. It was a good size but the chicken was very DRY. The sauce that also comes with it tasted terrible. I can't describe it exactly but it was just a cream sauce with lots of herbs. 

The boyfriend ordered the meatloaf which was AMAZING. It could do without the BBQ sauce & use good old fashion gravy, but I was impressed. I have been looking for a good meatloaf & I think I found it. 

The service was ok. I guess because there was a Raptors game that day lots of people came to kill time before the game & the server was running around a lot. She wasn't neglecting us per se but she didn't do many check ins either. 

NOTE: 18% AUTO GRATUITY FOR LARGE GROUPS 

Our bill came up to approximately $65 for an appetizer, two mains, a drink & auto gratuity. 

If they continue to use those awful bar stools I'd say this place can be bad for large groups. But I'd also say this place isn't a place I'd go on a date either. 

I would go back to this place but I don't think it ranks high for me in terms of sports bars.笑
Nice spot to catch the game. Also offers great service, food and drinks. Will be back!笑
My server was impressively knowledgeable about vegan options. In addition to the salad, they have the Southwest dips app (ask for no cheese), the portabella sandwich (ask for no cheese) and a tofu stir-fry (different sauce as the standard has oyster sauce). So requires some discussion, but very accommodating for a sports bar.笑
I was in a city that I knew would give 0 shits about the Canelo Alvarez and Amir Khan fight. That meant 2 things, 1) It would be near to impossible to find a bar showing the fight and 2) If I found one at least there'd probably be no cover charge.

A couple of home boys at the Jays game told me that Real Sports could be the spot, a call confirmed it. 

Being across from the ACC, I expected it to be a mainstream setting, close to what ESPN Zone  is. And well it was. I was rather surprised by the layout though, on the contrary of what the ESPN zone is, they separate family style tables away from the center area making it more bar inspired. 

The TV's are set up to where you think you're at the Cosmopolitan's sports book, biting on your nails with a bettors ticket in hand. Loved it. 

Drinks

Strongbow British Dry on tap. Say no more.

Food

Breakfast Burger: The fried egg in your burger kind of thing. I'll admit it, I was drunk as hell, combined with the distraction of shawty on the left and the adrenaline of having just watched Canelo knock Khan out, this made for a very good burger.

Fries: Crispy with the perfect pinch of salt.

Service

Canada Dry.

The atmosphere is what makes this place great. The drinks and food just add to it and if they happen to sit you next to a Markham girl that's down for the scam, why not give it a 5?
.笑
This bar has a great atmosphere. Lots of Tv's around - I mean lots. They have a huge  TV screen - that reminded me of cinema -  for the main match of the day. I have never seem so may Tv's in a bar before haha
When we got there I was also surprised because the place looked more like a nightclub - but it was a bar & restaurant - so they say. They sell an interesting selection of beers and the food was very good. I had buffalo wings and it was a little too spice but good anyway. The staff - mainly waitress were very friendly. The thing is that I notice they endure harassment from male costumers and it made me feel uncomfortable for them... it was happening in a table just beside me and also at table at the back. Not sure if this place is a girl/women friendly but it really bothered me. 
Anyways, I believe this is a cool bar with a fun atmosphere.笑
Screen of TV's amazing. I wish this was my room!

Came here over lunch. Not too busy.. I ordered the fish and chips, which was nice with fries. Fish and chips was huge - but mostly batter. I could not finish.

Next time Ill start with the little fishie inside~笑
While visiting Toronto Canada I had to check out the Real Sports Bar & Grill. I have heard many stories about how phenomenal this Sports Bar is/was and I have to say the stories did not disappoint. I heard this is where 'Drake' the R&B artist holds parties when he is in town; I have no idea what this person looks like so he/she might have even been here when we visited.

Prior to visiting we made reservations which is a MUST because this Sports Bar is more of a restaurant mixed with full service Sports Bar / Nightclub. As our party was checking in for our reservation several people from the Air Canada Center (where the Toronto Maple Leafs & Toronto Raptors) play tried to walk in and get a seat and/or table and were turned away.

This Sports Bar is multileveled, has a DJ playing, has televisions that stretch from the floor to the ceiling, no matter the sporting event from water polo, to horse racing (which I disagree with), to hockey, basketball, baseball heck even cricket & Jai Alai were being broadcast. 

This Sports Bar has bars on every level, tables set up all of which face the television screens and even has private areas if you want to throw a party. During my visit we sat upstairs and just missed sitting in the dead center which would have been quite rad because of the huge big screen television that sits directly in front of you and gives the feeling of being at whatever game it is that you are watching.

We were seated and our waitress came over promptly and handed us our menus. I was not that hungry and elected to go with a small order of edamame and a chamomile tea with honey. The other members of my party order beer & wine and ordered some buffalo wings and a hamburger. I had a bite or two of their food and found it to be good, not great but better than I had expected. The prices however in Canada, Toronto and this Sports Bar are much different than in the States and by much different I mean much more expensive.

The major downfall even though a petty one was while sitting upstairs you have to walk down two flights of stairs and down a long hallway to find the bathroom which was undersized at best.
 
As for parking and visiting this Sports Bar you could probably find a parking garage that will literally charge you an arm/leg or take the subway system which drops you off right under this Sports Bar designed to not expose you to the elements for too long (FYI very cold in Canada esp during the Winter). 

Chances are extremely high that this was my first and last visit to this Sports Bar because the folks that lived with a short Subway ride from this Sports Bar are now relocating elsewhere BUT if I found myself in Toronto during a BIG game no question I would come back here.

Our waitress was super nice, funny and even got a member of our party a 'free' glass hockey skate mug that Molson Beer Company was on hand handing out if you ordered a Molson, even though said member of our party didn't order a Molson, her tip reflected the love she gave us.笑
I went there with my friends to watch the Mexico-Croacia soccer match.

The place is cool, you can feel the passion of the people, and watch lots of tvs. I loved the huge tv in the middle. 

The service was quick and accurate.

I had two big xx cuz they have it on draft! I ordered a burger with salad as well. The burger was really juicy and big, I couldn't finish it... A shame cuz, they put the right amount of condiments.

For guys, there is also the advantage of gorgeous waitresses everywhere...

Mexico rocked that game, and I had the feeling of been celebrating in the right place!!!!

I want to go back!笑
I have nothing bad to say about this place. The beer is cold, the food is good and the staff is friendly and attentive. Always a great place to catch the game, ANY game! Come early though.笑
Lazy hostesses! Bad service!
Hostesses were lazy to seat or even gave us menus!! They acted like they didn't want to do anything except talking to each other!!! This word came from a bartender as well! They just kept chatting chat chat chat!!! Maybe it's the way they do their business! The server came and just said the kitchen was gonna closed in 2 minutes not even explained that we could order appetizer.. she just wanted to kick us out! I was very upset and mad. They might be busy enough till they don't want any more customers. That's why they hire people like this!!!!!!!!!!!
We left..didnt need to be there just a second bcoz how they did!! Never ever come back again!!笑
I like this place mainly because there are good looking alpha males all over the place. Very good male to female ratio, quite sausage fest-y in fact.

I've tried to make reservations here numerous times during large sporting events, but they are always fully booked far in advance.

That's okay though - because there is ample seating and/or standing room by either of the two huge bar spaces. TV screens absolutely everywhere so you can watch whatever game or fight your little heart desires. 

My drink seemed averagely priced for downtown ($7 for a single bar rail + mix)

Servers were quick, friendly and good looking.笑
We had supper there last night before the Toronto Rock game.

We got there about 4pm and the place was busy ... plus most available tables were reserved.  We were seated upstairs in a jammed corner because they knew we wouldn't be staying long.

I ordered the chicken tenders.  $18 is expensive for a small order of chicken tenders.  Though tasty, they were cold.  My husband ordered fish and chips.  It was good but expensive for what you get.

Our server was friendly but busy.  We had drinks but also asked for water three times but never got it ... our server said there was a shortage of glasses.

We ordered rum and cokes and were told that it was Captain Morgan Spiced.  The first one tasted funny (it definitely wasn't CM Spiced) but we drank it.  The second one tasted awful and I sent mine back and didn't get another as I figured I could get a better tasting drink at the ACC.  Maybe the pop was off?  Maybe it wasn't CM Spiced?

I won't be rushing back.笑
Holy. Effin. TV.

I don't want to say that the main screen at the bar is the size of the Jumbotron, but it's probably a distant cousin. Add it to the dozens upon dozens of smaller screens to its sides and the others scattered around the bar and you have yourself a blackout waiting to happen.

I stopped in to meet a big group of friends who were having dinner, but I grabbed a couple of drinks. The service was great, both friendly and efficient and that was a great surprise.

Beer selection was massive and pricing was standard for the area surrounding the ACC, though I thought that the food prices were a little much for how the menu read. 

Definitely looking forward to heading back for drinks and any sporting event.笑
A group of us guys were up for a baseball game and were told that this place was a must do. I must say that the viewing options were unequalled with TV screens galore with the biggest screen (23 feet wide) as the main focus. I can see how avid fans of any sport could appreciate this environment. However, the place was a bit pricey although portions were generous. I had the meatloaf and while the presentation was great, the taste was just o.k.  
In all fairness, if your purpose is to watch a game and have a few drinks, it gets a 5 star. If you are mainly there for the meal, let's go with a 2 1/2.笑
Okay, so this establishment has a perfect location. It is right next to Air Canada Centre - home of the Toronto Raptors. The place is huge with tv screens located basically everywhere. It's very sleek and modern and a place I'd frequent often to grab a drink while watching a game. 

However...the food and service were mediocre.  We had a reservation for 10 and were seated on couches with a small table available. It was basically a disaster when it came time to eat. Our waiter was slow and MIA for parts of the night. It took forever to get our food order in. I went with the honey garlic wings and the chicken just tasted old/frozen. I also shared the breakfast burger with a friend. It was alright - pretty standard burger with an egg. 

If I were a local, I probably would just sit at the bar. The bartenders provided much quicker service than at the table. And I'd eat beforehand.笑
Every opportunity I get to come to Real Sports, I take it. I love this place. Whether to watch a game, hang out, or to have a meal, a great time is guaranteed!

It has a humungous movie theatre-sized screen on the first floor, a second floor that overlooks the first, and hundreds of TVs around the restaurant (even several in the washroom!) so you'll never have to miss a moment of the game. 

It doesn't take long to be seated unless its a game night. If there's a home game at the ACC, you want to get here before it ends. There's ample parking in the Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment and Telus buildings (entrances are on Bremner Blvd) but, it'll cost you about $20. If you don't mind walking, there are several parking lots in the area that charge around $10. Service is usually quick even when they're busy. The staff are friendly and can offer suggestions for food and drinks.

Food:
Pulled Pork Nachos are EXCELLENT. Best nachos I've ever eaten.
In fact, all the food is gourmet and very tasty - I've never been disappointed!

Drink:
It appears that they have over 20 beers on tap and an equally wide selection of bottles. They offer lagers, ales, wheats, specialty beers, and beer blends. They also offer cocktails.

If you've never been to Real Sports, I'd highly recommend it!笑
First impression = "Wow! This place is massive! Tons of TV's with a bunch of games on, spots available all over...great!" That's when it got "real" at this sports bar. To our dismay, we found out that practically ALL the tables and even seats were reserved weeks in advance (I didn't realize there was such a demand!? I figured you could just walk into a bar and sit anywhere that's available & enjoy a pint and burger). So we got stuck at the bar, forced to watch the game with our chins up, facing the clouds as if we were in the first row at the movie theatre. The TV's that were lower were the exact opposite: tiny! "First Row Sports" is what this locale should be called, strike one. 

We asked politely if we could sit a little further away so we could actually see the game that was being aired (which was being played across the street at the ACC). Unfortunately our request was denied because apparently no one is allowed to sit at the vacant tables/seats (makes sense, right?!). The music was incredibly loud! To the point where we had a hard time communicating to one another and to the bartender, and we were right beside/in front of one another! (I'm coming across as some old timer here), but seriously! I shouldn't have to shout my order or ask a bartender to repeat himself a few times over so that I can hear'em clearly. It's not like the place was jammed with people watching a live band perform or anything, the volume was overly loud for no reason (especially during commercials). Strike two. 

At this point, I was urging my friend for us to leave & go somewhere else, but he insisted that we stay, so we did. Our experience didn't fare much better from there on. The service was OK but the prices were our extraordinary! We paid $13/each for a 32oz glass of beer (nearly double what you'd pay pretty much anywhere else... and that's just for domestic beer, it's a couple $ more for premium & even more for import). After taking in the atmosphere, I got the feeling as if I was in a Las Vegas betting-lounge-setting & perhaps to some that's appealing but I can't say it was for me. 

We dodged a bullet as we came in before they started charging their standard $10 cover charge, which again baffles me!? You get the impression that they're trying to cash in on out-of-towners/tourists (which we weren't). Just doesn't make sense as there are countless other, more intimate & better priced sports bars heck just bars in the area that are far more welcoming then here. (Un)real Sports Bar projects an "exclusive" or VIP vibe when you're in there but as mentioned above, I think that falls short based my experience. If you want to have a good time and spend an excess amount of money, then this place is for you; but I don't ever plan on going back again.笑
Too busy for my liking. I've been here tons of times before, and last night my work had an "end of busy season" party in the reserved lounges upstairs.

The regular bar is ok, way too busy - impossible to get a table on any game night. ESPECIALLY HOCKEY. If you want to watch the Leafs on this amazing, massive, beautiful screen (one of like 1000?) - come like 5 hours before the game!!! The food is good, above the average pup grub you get at a smaller place but EXPENSIIIVEEE. 

They have 36 beers on tap, including Quebec beers and German/Belgian wheats (droolz). Great chili cheese dog and sweet potato fries.

I would obviously go again, assuming i could get a seat! It's pretty loud in here too, i wouldn't suggest this venue for a nice romantic evening or a conversation, but definitely for sports lovers all around - they have like 20 different sports on at all times.笑
Pretty accommodating throughout the raptors playoffs.. The crowd was great, service was prompt and food was good.. I'll go back but they just gotta be more considerate to basketball fans during hockey season笑
This poor review is based solely on the abysmal customer service at this establishment. The food isn't really anything to write home about either, but it's better than one star I suppose. 

I was meeting up with my Mother and sister for dinner and we thought it would be fun to try Real Sports out. I called the restaurant at 11 that morning to make a reservation. The girl that I spoke to made it seem like it was ludicrous that I was even trying to make a reservation and suggested that in future I should book 3 weeks in advance. Really? Cause that seems pretty darn excessive...it's a bar, not the Ritz. Anyway, she somehow managed to find space for us. While I was on the phone with her, I informed her that my sister was 7 months pregnant and that we COULD NOT be placed at a high top table.  I also mentioned that a booth would be most comfortable for her. She told me she would be sure we weren't and I figured all was well (are you getting that sinking feeling that perhaps I was wrong to think that? Read on...).

When we arrived, we were instructed to go upstairs and the hostess on the 2nd level would show us to our table. We were rather perplexed as we saw plenty of empty booths available on the first floor, but went along with it none the less. We were told that the only way upstairs was to walk up this long winding staircase. Now, keep in mind my sister was SUPER pregnant. I turned to the girl and asked if there was an elevator and she told me there wasn't. So, my poor sister had to trudge up the stairs.

When we got to the top of the stairs, the hostess up there led us to our reserved table. Guess what kind of table it was...Did you guess a high top table? Bingo. 

It is actually pretty much physically impossible for a 7 month pregnant woman to get into one of those super high chairs. We all just stood there incredulously and the clueless hostess was totally puzzled as to what the issue was. I had to point out the fact that my sister was pregnant (you'd have to be blind not to notice) and made mention of the fact that I had requested ANYTHING but a high top table because of that fact. She then informed me that there are only high top tables on the 2nd floor and that we'd have to go back downstairs to see what they could do for us (she didn't even offer to call down to them first, there was just this feeling of, "well, you're not my problem anymore."). 

. . . 

Wooooooowwwwwwwwww....

I was livid at this point and asked her if she really was suggesting that my sister was going to have to walk back down all those stairs that she was made to climb for absolutely no reason. At which point the girl pointed to the escalator.

WHERE DID THAT MAGICAL ESCALATOR COME FROM?!? Cause when I asked the hostess downstairs if the stairs were the only way up she said there was no other option. So, I guess it must have been installed in the last 5 minutes. Uncanny!

When we got back downstairs by way of magic escalator I asked the hostess why we had been sent upstairs in the first place. She informed me that there was nothing on my reservation about no high-top table. Which begs the question, why not?! Also, anyone using their brain at all wouldn't have sent a pregnant woman upstairs knowing there was no suitable place up there for her to sit! 

We were then seated in one of the many vacant booths which we weren't deemed worthy of initially. 

Honestly? If my poor sister hadn't been so hungry by this point, I would have stormed out of there. The stupidity and inconsideration of the staff was simply maddening.笑
I went to Real Sports prior to the David Gilmour concert on April 1st.  We arrived at 5:15 to be greeted that they were not seating anyone.  Only open spots at the bar.  There were supposed to be four of us.  My wife, myself, and two other friends.  As we are looking for any open spots, a waitress tells us of a small open table.  Ok.  Within ten minutes we were able to procure two additional seats and all four were happily seated.

My wife and I both had French dip.  Sandwich was pretty good.  Not a ton of meat but tasty at least.  My friends just drank.  Canadien drafts were around 7.50 for 20 ounces.  Waitress was very friendly but due to structure in place there were delays in delivering beer and food.  Not sure why almost three hours before a show there was no table seating.

Venue itself is quite interesting.  It is like eating/drinking in a Vegas Sports Book and a hundred feet from the entrance to the ACC.笑
If you can get a reservation, there are few better places to watch the leafs game. Food is very good, I would recommend the pulled pork nachos or one of their burgers. Large beer selection. It is pricey but you get what you pay for.笑
Loud music, food was mediocre. I got the fish and chips and it was really bland and greasy, probably the worst fish and chips I have ever eaten.  Even the fish and chips at Cineplex VIP theatre tasted way better.  My partner did not like his food either.笑
I have been here before, its always a go-to place prior to a concert, Raps, or Leafs game at the ACC.  You can't help NOT to notice the huge jumbo screen plastered in the main area where the bar is located.  The servers are very efficient, and the overal ambiance has a mix of corporate but fun and casual environment for the casual or avid sports fan.  They've got tons of space, for private functions, and bdays.  On days where there's a sporting event at the ACC this place is just ram packed! even worse if its TEAM CANADA HOCKEY games.  
Nonetheless the food is pretty good, their onion rings are huge, not so oily, sweet potato fries are delightful! as so are their pizzas that are searched on hockey stick shaped boards lol.笑
I must say this place has gone downhill fast! The decor is still awesome, great atmosphere. Food is very basic. Not impressed at all for the price. I got "hot" wings and the chicken lettuce wraps. The wings were mild as can be. Zero flavour. I asked for some hot sauce to try and add flavour. 10 minutes go by and still waiting with cold wings in front of me now. My main arrived while I was still sitting with my cold uneaten wings in front of me. The person that brought the main out finally got me the sauce. That was the third person I asked. The kicker was the sauce has zero heat. Pathetic. The lettuce wraps come with a measly serving of a few nuts and a couple shreds of chicken. I must say I was so disappointed in the meal we had for the price we paid. Nobody in our party was satisfied at all. 

They also used to have a great selection of unique milk shakes. Now just basic. Lousy dessert selection now, pretty sad compared to when it first opened. There is no appeal to this place other than the TV screens. Better off eating somewhere else unless you want to watch a big game or something.笑
Atmosphere is great with LOTS of TVs everywhere.  Prices are high, even by Toronto standards.  We didn't eat so can't comment on the food.笑
We decided to try this place for my birthday dinner on our first night in Toronto.  The reviews were mixed but the allure of all those screens when they Olympics were going on was just too strong.  Real sports is a huge restaurant.  Great loud atmosphere! The food was very very good. The wings were crispy and delicious and my chopped salad was just perfect. Simple but yummy.. Oh did I mention the HUGE amount of beers on tap? We had 3 kids in tow and they loved their kids meals as well. I would highly recommend this place if your in the mood for some high energy tasty food and beer.笑
do not ever trust this restaurant to tell you the correct thing over the phone. 2 years in a row now they've lied to me on the phone saying they'll play the sound to the only sporting event on for a 4 hour time slot that day just to get their tables full and then they never freaking play the sound and management will refuse to do anything about it. instead of playing sound to the sporting event on they play club house music. its not even enjoyable. save yourself and go to hoops instead. sports bars should play sound to sports... also too expensive for the quality. don't go here.笑
Overpriced drinks and poor service. They have a huge service team but nobody seems to know who's responsible for what. The food would actually come out cold and the music they play is at best outdated.笑
This place is amazing... it's HUGE!!!!!!!!!!! but if there's a game on, you better have a reservation or fight for a spot by the bar.  If you wanted to go to a bar and really feel like you're at the game, this is the place to do it.  The prices are a little higher than normal.... but you're paying for the atmosphere.... let's be real!

If you really want a great seat, try to reserve a seat on the top floor overlooking the rest of the bar.... and the HUGE projection screen for the game!笑
Great service. Friendly waitstaff.  Extensive selection of beverages. Music was a little too loud. Super tasty food on both of two visits.

I highly recommend real sports bar, even during busy sporting events. They know how to take care of their  customers to keep them coming back for more.笑
We came to this place to check out the big screen for Sunday night football.  The place was pretty packed but we got a seat right away.  

We got nachos which was underwhelming. For $16, there were hardly any toppings.  We also got chicken tenders to snack on, the quantity was good but it sat on a big bed of fries and hardly any coleslaw.

Our service was not very good.  Our waiter was friendly but he forgot our 2nd round of beer.  After the game was over, there was a lot of confusion and chaos with everyone getting their checks.  We asked for our check before everyone else, and ended up having to wait until he closed out a few others who asked for the check after us, which was disappointing.  Don't think we'll be back anytime soon.笑
I really don't get the appeal to this place. Overpriced, poorly mixed drinks and staffed by robots. I'm sure it'd be good to watch sports in though.笑
Really mixed experiences here. The big screens are a lot of fun, but its been really hit and miss for me and my friends. One Saturday night we had reservations which they didn't have written down, so we got shafted and didn't even get to sit in front of the big screen. They gave us some free appetizers to make up for it but damage had already been done.

Another time I went and got lucky after a Leafs game and got decent seats quickly, but it was a random Tuesday so no surprises there.

World class sports bar, pretty good bar food although its overpriced, rolling the dice on the overall experience though - can win big, can lose big - kind of like MLSE in general!笑
As a disclaimer, my review for sure would have been better if there was a game on. The big screen TV is insane and add into the mix of beers, wings, and friends, and you have all the important ingredients to a GREAT game night experience. However, on a Sunday, off-game night, this place leaves something to be desired.

The place was quite empty, although Sunday at 8pm, I am sure many places are not as packed. The service was extremely disorganized which seemed counter-intuitive for an empty night. There appeared to be many servers so the reason could not have been because the place was busy. Orders were left out and the receipt, although mentioned time and time again to be split 3 ways, was given as a whole.

The place has a great selection of on-tap and bottle beers, great for games. We ordered wings for appetizers, and I have to say the worst ones I have had (compared to Wild Wings of Duffs). Then again, you would not come here for just the food. I made the mistake of ordering the Lettuce Burger (see pic), which in my mind, was the best of both worlds. I get to eat a hamburger, but without the carbs and big buns which often fills me up fast. 

Literally, the lettuce burger is a big cabbage sliced in half and a dried over-cooked patty wedged in between. The burger was the size of a basketball because each half of the lettuce contained millions of lettuce leaves. How does one fit that thing into a mouth? And to top it all off, you can order a side of salad with your lettuce burger, so all in all, you will probably eat more leaves in one sitting than you have your entire existence.

But I get it. This is a sports bar. You don't come here for the food. You come here for the games, for the beer, for that big screen TV. From other reviews, it appears to be hit or miss with tables (reservations or none), but if you do get a table on a game night, I can imagine this place to be frickin cool! Having said that, don't bother coming here for off nights. Mediocre everything else.笑
* Atmosphere 4.0 / 5.0
* Food 1.0/5.0 - I only order food to be polite, but it is not enjoyable. Too expensive for its quality.
* Service 3.0 / 5.0 Okay service. Some staffs are lack of teamwork. You may hurt your feeling or upset by some staffs ignoring you repeated times. Be prepared mentally. Bring a portable mic.

This place is great for watching important games, but not worth to go there for food. 

Good luck everyone!笑
3.5 out of 5! Recommend the wings or sliders. Usually not a fan of food at sports bars but this one (surprisingly) has good food! Always packed笑
The food is alright. 13$ for a plain burger (lettuce, slice of tomato, meat and bread with shitty fries).  And 14.50 for fish tacos which were surprisingly disappointing. Multiple TV's on every wall and one in each booth. 
They only have pitcher available for Coors and Canadian. 
The atmosphere is REALLY loud. Would not recommend if you plan on catching up with friends or if you don't mind yelling....a lot. 

Great for just watching the game.笑
My latest experience there was horrible and an embarrassment to our great city. I had 10 guests with me that had never been to Toronto. We went to the Real Sports Bar after a Jays evening game. 

We got our table quick, but it took 35 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us. The busser finally, felt bad and took our order. 30 minutes later, we got our drinks and another 30 minutes we got our food order which gave me a touch of food poisoning a few hours later.  

Our guests ordered wine at $17 a glass for Mike Wier (cheap wine) and beers although, cold were over $7.5.  

Overall, the service was poor, the drinks were waaaaay overpriced, and the food was horrible. All and all, an incredible poor performance and an embarrassment to Toronto. My recommendation is don't go.  Plenty of other great places nearby.笑
Why have I been frequenting
Real Sports every other month for the last three years? Mostly because I work in the same building, but also because they have some really good pub food. 

Nachos are a must try - I would say they are the best I've had anywhere. Your options for meat are pulled pork, chili or BBQ chicken, making them way more tasty then most restaurants that throw a bunch of plain dry chicken breast. The Buffalo chicken tenders are also better than any standard pub. They are freshly made, big and you can coat them in any of the wing sauces on the menu (everyone loves "Go For the Gold," but I find it too sweet). Burgers (including the lettuce burger), wings, hot dogs, and fish and chips are all good. Their chicken lettuce wraps were also surprisingly good.

The worst thing I've had is the portebello sandwich because the mushroom was so small and there was not enough cheese or sauce to add flavour. In general they excel at pub style food.

The service is random, and depends entirely on the time and what type of group you are. The servers are mostly girls in their 20s, so if you have a table of young people out for drinks or a table of guys you will probably have better service than if you are a couple girls on their lunch break (in my experience). I've also been given really crappy tables when I've had a reservation. Most recently we had a reservation for a table of fifteen and they put us in front of the bar at a skinny bar table with two people sitting at each end. At night it will be extremely loud, packed, and you may experience sensory overload from the jumbo screens - it is a sports bar on steroids.

It can also be a bit pricey, but the portions are good and the food is always freshly made and good quality.

I would suggest Real Sports as a great place to go with a group of friends for excellent pub food and an extreme sports bar experience.笑
After waiting months to come here, I finally made it here tonight with my boyfriend. Getting a table was easy enough, it wasn't packed for a Sunday night, there were a bunch of games on - the evening seemed promising.

After sitting down, we got water and waited for our order to be taken. The waitress decided to take our order and the table next to ours at the same time. She had no issues with the second order (not ours) but had to come back three times asking us to verify what we had ordered because she wasn't sure if it was right. After she took our order and the table next to ours she circled back around and asked us if Mill Street was the right beer we had ordered - we did not order any beer. After she left, a few moments later she came back and asked me what wings I had gotten again because she forget, no bother told her and she said okay. Then she came back a third time and asked my boyfriend if she had his order correct. If it's going to be that difficult to remember an order - maybe pen and paper would be handy - or just taking one order at a time.

That being said, when we saw another employee come out with what looked like to be our order and give it to the table next to us. The guy next to me said that he ordered a salad and not fries and the guy with my wings said it was great. So she comes back with a salad and asked him what he sandwich was and it was not the right one. So we pipped up and said that we think that they might have their order. The girl seemed very apologetic and went back to put our ticket through again. She brought out my wings - which were all soggy, and said that our sandwich was going to be freshly made. Not two seconds later our waitress appears with that sandwich they brought back and just plopped fries on it to give it to us. About 5 minutes into eating, a fresh sandwich came out that was our, but we already had the one they sent back.

I finished my water and was waiting for a refill, she got the table next to us first then eventually came back for our table. She took our glasses and didn't come back with water. The waitress brought the dessert to the table on our other side and asked them if they wanted water. They said no - and two seconds later had two glasses of water on their table and we still didn't have ours. After asking for it again, she basically rolled her eyes saying that she forget. We waited the bill - there were no adjustments made on it, nothing was said, she never apologized, the food was soggy. 

Needless to say this is absolutely horrible and I will never be coming back here again.笑
Great place to catch a game nice huge screen by the bar and tvs everywhere. I must say food prices are extremely inflated as well as drink prices. $9 for a single shot rum and coke ?! Ordered the Sunday nacho special and it was almost inedible, nachos were soggy and drenched in fake " cheese wiz " type melted cheese which created a fake cheese soupy mess all over the plate, making all of the nachos soggy and limp. Gross. 7 eleven nachos taste better. Way over industry standard costs. Save your money and go somewhere down the street.笑
I would give out 5 stars if their service doesn't suck.

I've been here many times. I feel the best time to visit is during the day when it's not too busy. I'm quite lucky since I'm a soccer fans, I get to walk-in here during the day and watch the Champions League. If you want to watch hockey or ufc at night, it's best if you reserve a seat weeks ahead (Which I have problems with...What kind of sports bar require reservations weeks ahead?)

Depending on what you order, food can be really expensive. I would personally recommend their wings and nachos. Good bang for you buck. Their burger taste ok, nothing to brag about. Their ribs isn't that great for the price that you're paying. They do have quite an extensive list of beer and other drinks.

If you've never been here before, I recommend you to visit during the day or if you wanna go at night, visit when there's no big game on. When there's a UFC night and you don't have a reservation, don't even bother trying to get in there, you'd get in, pay cover, and won't get a seat. It's crazy busy.

My biggest problems about this place are their douchy bouncers and stuck up hostesses, they're not very welcoming at all even if you have reservation. Don't even get me started on how many times their hostesses giving me problems even if I'm just trying to make reservations via telephone. Their servers are really nice and helpful though. Yup, I did gave them three stars because they lose 1 star from their bouncers and lost another star from their hostesses.笑
We came here for a something to eat since we were staying at Le Germaine. 
We came around 5 so there was almost no there, however by around 6 the place got pretty packed (raps were playing at 7 so maybe that's why) 
Our server was nice and quick with the service. 
We ordered nachos and a burger. The nachos were pretty plain, since all of the garnish was kinda in the middle and not spread out. 
The burger was alright however the meat was a bit overcooked and the buns were slightly dry. However it still tasted pretty good. 
For drinks the sour patch is really sweet I would recommend it. And the Bloody Mary is similar to all the other bloody Marys lol.笑
i LOVE the atmosphere of real sports. My first time here was during the Toronto UFC fight night (!!!!!). It was sooooooooo crowded, people were EVERYWHERE, literally shoulder to shoulder. But it didnt matter to me, my love for GSP is MUCH x100000 stronger than my hatred for crowdedness. To be honest, it got me so excited that not only i didnt mind the crowds, i actually liked it since it got the atmosphere that much more exciting.

What I especially love about this place: being only 5'2"ish in height, going out to watch the fight (esp first ever toronto UFC!!!) among THAT crowd, its pretty much impossible for me to see the screen at any other places. NOT AT REAL SPORTS! nowhere where i stood, no matter how tall the person in front of me was, i can see the screen !! :D HUGE giant screen !

if it wasnt sooo busy all the time and food & drinks werent sooo overpriced, i'd give this place a perfect 5 star.笑
Welcome to the Temple of Sports Bars!  All hail Real Sports Bar & Grill.

Wow, prepared to be blown away when you walk into this place.  The scale of the whole operation is epic!  The one screen over the back bar.....it's the size of a football field (meaning US football, not soccer and not Canadian football!)

There are tv's everywhere (including a couple in the men's room), the whole place is sleek and clean and it just looks awesome.  To top it off, the service I had was great.  I sat at the bar and all the servers were super sweet and friendly.

For food I had some poutine and chicken wings.  The poutine was excellent...the bowl it was served in was a little unstable (but then so are most of my dates!) but I finished every last bit.  The wings were like an astronaut....out of this world!  They were so, so, so very big and meaty!  I got the hot ones and they were definitely hot.  I was a mess after eating them because they were so ginormous....I had ranch dressing and wing sauce all over my face and hands but I didn't care.  I was a hot mess and I loved it.

Beers could be a little more adventurous, but I get they're playing to a mass market here so you'll have your Molson's and Budweiser.  I had a Rickard's white and the sweetness of that played well against the spicy wings.

I loved this place and will definitely go back.  And clearly my opinion is important because I'm an American and everyone knows we are super awesome.笑
Go for the TV. It's insane. Food isn't bad, beer is aplenty.. but watching sports on that giant TV is bananas. Shame all the Toronto teams suck.笑
So it was a Jays Baseball game & a bunch of us went for a bite after a CHFA Trade show event. There were 6 of us. 

I had a Millstreet Organic Beer with was great. Also decided on 2 Appies as the meal. Had the Buffalo Chicken wings/fries which was good in flavour but far from hot enough in temp. Also has the Korean Chicken lettuce wraps. They were great in temp but the flavour profile was not to my palate. 

On the whole this place is VERY over rated. It's a cool place to go & eat but u pay about 40% more to eat here. It's just ANOTHER way Maple Leaf Sports are screwing us.笑
This place gets packed for any decent sporting event so show up early or try for a reservation if you have no patience for that kind of stuff (who does?!)
Average beer selection, average food with Bay St. pricing; but this can be justified because of the giant tv and abundance of average sized tv's. 
Right next to the ACC so it will often fill up with people attending events there, particularly out-of-towners, but also gets some locals from the waterfront and suits from Bay street from my experiences. 

Visitors really seem to enjoy this place, and it's becoming somewhat of a tourist attraction笑
We checked this place out yesterday for a late lunch. It was during the hockey game but we were able to get a table for 14 in about 30 minutes. We're visiting from Southern California and I've tried poutine at 3 other places over the last week. The poutine here was the best (by far!). I also got the Monday special, which was 1lb of mussels in a Thai lemon grass basil sauce. That dish was absolutely delicious. My wife got the wings which she thought were pretty good. My daughter got the Mac and cheese which was okay. My son got the kids pizza and that totally sucked! It came with a side of caesar's salad which was very good. The ambiance was great if you're here to catch a game, but the prices were pretty high. Overall, the good outweighed the bad and we had a good time so I'm giving 4 stars.笑
The only place downtown to go out and watch sports... Period. This place also take pub fare to another level. The wings are not for dieters... Battered, fried and dripping with sauce... But damn they're good! My only complaint about them is.. The hot isn't hot enough. Get a side of suicide sauce. 

For the most part, the staff is pleasant - really friendly. Some waitresses may have a bit of an attitude, though i don't blame them.... The place is full of dudes eye fondling them. 

All around an awesome place. I must see for visiting sports fans.笑
Got the Blackened marlin sandwich.  It's a tough fish and was salty along with salty fries.
There was an annoying fly hanging around my meal the entire time too.

As for the Half rack ribs with fries, the coleslaw it came with had lots of onion in it. Fries were also salty and ribs were no good. Worse then ribfest and even jack astors.

As for the Macaroni and cheese. A pool of soggy mess at the bottom. The salad was incredibly plain with just greens. Nth else.

And for the topper, the Girls washroom. Wow. Flies everywhere!!!  Incredibly offsetting. ughh.

Side note: 18% gratuity for large groups.

Upside. Large projection tv. And some unique beers.笑
I have been to no better an establishment to watch a sporting event. Their massive nearly 50' HD screen, the countless other tvs, sound system and atmosphere are unmatched anywhere I have ever been. They even have a Taylormade virtual golf cage. 

The wings are massive. Some really great flavor options. An almost intimidatingly long beer list and some decent burgers. All in all, the best sports bar I've ever been in. 

Having said that, the service is not spectacular, the security staff is a bit rude and the food prices are on the high side. 3 small sliders for $14.99, wings by the pound $14.99 (7 wings)... I guess you are downtown Toronto and you pay a premium for the atmosphere, it's just a tad too high.... But the place is packed so I guess for most Torontonians the prices are fine.笑
Date Visited: September 24, 2013

I was at Real Sports Bar & Grill last Tuesday for a preseason Sens @ Leafs game. I was surprised how packed this place was at 5:30pm!  It's the love of the Leafs!  Good thing we made reservations. 

This place is the ultimate sports bar for real - how can you go wrong with a 2-storey high television and a massive sports ticker propped above the bar?  

Service was slow given the crowd, but the servers gave periodic updates to let you know you weren't forgotten about. 

When you see a menu state, "We believe that a great sports bar is synonymous with great wings," how are you not compelled to order wings?  Further, you are reminded that Real Sport's own Chef Tony was voted the Wing King of Toronto for the Best Chicken Wings. 

With so much hype, I ordered the Thai Sweet Chili wings - the receipt that got Chef Tony the job, literally!

Impressions?  Large wings with a great crispy batter and a tangy sweet chili sauce. The kicker? They are so moist and juicy on the inside!  These are definitely some of the best wings in Toronto!  

The only thing is that the wings only come with celery and carrots. I ordered a side of fries to accompany my meal. The fries were soft and fleshy - very reminiscent of Swiss Chalet fries. 

I left happy with time to spare for the pick drop at 7pm.  A solid dinner right before the Leafs game!笑
My favourite spot to go before the game at the Air Canada Centre.  Advance reservations are a must as the place books up regularly.  Tables are available by the bar for walk-in - they can be hard to get as well on a game night.  The place is pretty impressive with the giant two-storey HD TV screen as well as plenty of additional TV screens throughout the facility.  A large variety of beers available on tap - for some reason Shock Top is no longer there :(  The menu was updated this year with fewer items which is not a bad thing - focus on what you do well.  Wings are amazing but at over $2 a piece, it's pretty pricey.  Note there is a second level walkway that connects to the stadium - no need to walk outside.  If you're going to a game at the ACC, I would recommend booking there for dinner prior.  Also great spot to watch the game.笑
Atmosphere was spectacular--more TVs than you've ever seen in one place and an equal number of sports viewing choices.  But when it comes to the food, well, I'd unfortunately have to say it was a swing and a miss.  We started with the poutine, which was good, and an order of their signature wings, which were over-cooked and over-breaded.  The salmon rice bowl was pretty average, not bad, but after suffering through a horrible team USA showing earlier today at the World Cup of Hockey, I had very high hopes for dinner based on a strong recommendation for the Real Sports Bar.  I'm not saying that you shouldn't give it a try for the experience, but don't arrive with high expectations.笑
Ugh. I did not like this place AT ALL.
Granted, while I am a sports fan, I am not a fan of sports bars, especially monolithic sports bars owned by sports team owners who don't even believe in having winning teams. I would much prefer to watch a sporting event of my liking in one of 3 ways: 1. at home on my comfortable couch, 2. LIVE at the stadium/arena or 3. In a comfy neighborhood bar/pub. Real Sports Bar and Grill is none of these. It is an overcrowded, overly big, overly priced nightmare.

You guessed it. I did not choose to go to Real Sports Bar and Grill. I was coerced to go by co-workers and didn't have a good excuse. So there. I did however go with a semi-positive attitude, figuring I could at least hang out with my colleagues, drink for free (since work was paying), and get some fodder for a Yelp review. Turns out, those were the only positives.

You really can't blame the servers for bad service. The place is just too big, too crowded, and the group I was with was large. In fact, when my food was brought to me, inedible after a much too long wait, the server knew enough to take it back and try again. She's not the cook. She did fine.

The food was not very good. The salad with grilled salmon had the most overcooked, dry salmon, even the second time they tried to make it. Everything else was fried or cheesed. It is a sports bar after all.

We were on the top floor. They are supposed to be the biggest sports bar in North America and they don't even serve cider on that floor. They told me I can go to the main floor for cider. There were like 76 stairs to get where I was. I wanted to tell the bartender to go to hell, but just sucked it up and ordered a Creemore. At least they're not one of those bars that only serves Molson and Canadian. Yuck.

So, one of my colleagues and I were talking about the bad food, and I commented "It's mediocre. But that's what Maple Leaf Sports is all about. They make $ hand over fist with a mediocre hockey team. It's their business model to be mediocre. Now they've just extended it to a bar." It's true. Do not recommend.笑
I've been here a few times! Great nachos for the price! 9 dollars! ($9 When on "special"..so far every time has been this "special" price lol).  The environment is "cool" , dressy/classy people, flashy booths, cool rap music at times, and apparently 199 tvs including a 39 foot projection screen! I like how the commercials get swapped with music by a DJ(I HATE commercials), and then when the game (any sport when played on the main 39 foot screen) comes back on, the commentary kicks back in. Great service, talkative, and LOTS of mini skirts jesus.笑
Such a cool bar and restaurant and there's really no better place to go to watch a game than Real Sports!笑
I like going to real sports but, a sport bar you don't have the tables all reserved even at the bar location. The only way you can get into this place is to make reservations and they have to be at least a week or more in advance. If you go in the place without reservations you wont get a table and there will be tables all over saying reserved and no one will every sit there the whole night. It is very frustrating for a sports bar you can't get into unless you get reservations what is the point of a sports bar. I will say the hostess are not that great they ruin the mood when you walk in.笑
I got a little bored of Real Housewives of the OC* at one point during my dental treatment today (at http://www.yelp.ca/biz/bite-toronto  ...TV in the ceiling) so started wondering which places I'd visited recently that hadn't made it to a Yelp review yet.   This was number one!

We strolled in after our first ever attempts at skating.  All the trying not to fall over while toddlers whizzed past worked up quite an appetite and we were pondering where to get lunch.  Since we were passing Real Sports we thought we'd just go in to have a look around.  The group was me, my friend Karen, Niall and one year old Emily in a stroller.  Not exactly the typical clientele, I'm guessing.

At 3pm on a Saturday it was pretty busy and many of the tables were reserved.  I think there may have been a hockey game that night, but being female and from Ireland my knowledge ends with the fact that they play hockey on ice wearing skates.  They still managed to find us a table when we decided to eat there, with  the proviso that we were finished by 5pm.

The place is huge.  An enormous screen almost fills one wall and there are countless smaller TVs below showing a range of games.  You can sit at the bar, at high bar tables, in booths or at tables on the main floor, or in a quieter area with booths where we ended up.  Each one has a TV with many sporting channels to flick through.

Food was surprisingly decent.  I had a tasty bean soup and a glass of white wine.  I didn't get to sample much of Niall's burger and fries-they were devoured, so I'm assuming they were good.  I "helped" Karen with her mound of moreish nachos.  What can I say?  I'm a giver.

Staff were very friendly.  Emily was particularly entranced by the servers at our table.  I'm not sure whether it was their big smiles or their prominent cleavage that made her follow them around.  I think she was a bit thirsty.

All in all, enjoyable!  It would be good for a group outing-if you reserved ahead of time.  Prices weren't as bad as I thought they'd be considering the size of the place and proximity to the Air Canada Centre.   If only they started screening rugby matches they'd have the entire Irish population of Toronto sitting there!



Footnote:
*I can't really follow that show.  I get confused between them all-they all look the same with blonde hair/implants/inflated egos.  I can also never figure out which ones are fighting at any given moment.  I recommend Maury over it for fillings, definitely.笑
Not please with the service. 

The waitress was passively rude to us.  She did not come by often enough to check up on us.  When we asked to split the bill, she rolled her eyes at us and explained that she couldn't. Then, when we realized we all wanted to pay with credit card, she told us that she would have to cancel the bill and ring it in again - which she should've done in the first place. Just lazy.  Then she screwed up the bills and got it mixed up between the four of us.  I didn't order food so I won't comment although I had some of my friends fries and it was quite average. Not worth the price.

The decor in the restaurant was nice though.笑
Went with a group to watch the game. The place is a nice upscale sports bar - loud music or the play by play make conversation difficult, but you're here to watch the game after all. They have the biggest screen in Toronto among the many TVs around the place. Decent selection of drinks to ease the pain of watching a Leaf's game. Washrooms are clean and spacious, plenty of tables if you book ahead,  like I said, a nice place to watch the game.
The only problem,  and it's a big one,  is the food. Even by downtown Toronto standards the food is way overpriced. Every one in the group had the same complaint - the ratio of price to portion size and quality is too high.
And this place is a hospital trip in the making for celiacs. It's like they went out of their way to make sure everything has gluten in it. The frozen fries,  the steaks,  even the salad dressings are made with gluten. And when I asked about just getting a plain steak,  the waitress said that the kitchen didn't handle special orders well so I should maybe have a salad without dressing instead. That's reassuring - just have rabbit food and don't bug me.
So, moral of the story is: nice place to watch the game and have a drink, but make sure you eat before you go there. And celiacs are definitely not welcome.笑
Been to RSB since their opening week. Always enjoyed it despite them "missing" reservations few times. Last w/k I was in town and met friends there and felt their waitress (Alexandra "Ali") was sneaky and I didn't appreciate that. Initially she was friendly and overly flirty (which I get as most do so for the tip). She asked if I should order doubles instead of singles and if I just want splash of my mixer. She was very attentive and friendly at that point. Until my wife and her friends arrived. She started taking long time to service us and evidently was telling my wife I need to eat b/c I've had a lot to drink. I lived in Canada for 17 years and for the first time in my life someone tells me I needed to eat. I'm always in control of my alcohol. We were not loud, not inappropriate and never looked "drunk". We've ordered apps which I've had a few bites off but I wasn't hungry b/c I had a big meal with my family prior. My final drink was clearly missing Grey Goose. When I politely asked her she got very defensive, short and somewhat emotional. I didn't want to make a scene beyond what she did and let it go but I was very disappointed in her shift of attitude after my wife arrived. I'm not suggesting anything but my other friends also noticed her shift in attitude when my wife arrived (I was wearing my wedding ring the whole time). She got her 18% anyway but pls don't tell me when I need to eat and claim some Ontario laws. I've been to RSB before and seen people passed out on the bar without anyone forcing them out and forcing them to eat. Get a grip and shame you ruined what was a perfectly lovely evening with friends I haven't seen in months.笑
Great beer and great viewing! Will be here Saturday, can someone make sure the MSU vs. Oregon game is on?  #MSUisdancaabomb!笑
*****Make reservations*****

...more than a week in advance if you want to sit down.

This place was rated "Best Sports Bar in North America" and for a sports bar, I really don't know what more you could ask for. Massive screen, great service, and good food and beer. 

We decided to come here as a group (8 of us) about a week in advance to watch the Leafs game on a Saturday night. I phoned to make reservations, and before I even said the size of the group I was (politely) laughed at for phoning just one week in advance. You really need to do some planning if you want a table at this place any night the Leafs are playing (understandably). 

The good news is, the bar is massive and we decided to come anyways. We arrived around 6 for a 7:30 game, we couldn't get a table but we found a nice spot to stand near the bar. 

I have never seen so many waitresses/waitors in my entire life. This place is crawling with them, and it pays off, the service was incredible. Our server was quick, friendly and attentive. 

The atmosphere was amazing, and made the game a lot more fun to watch.

The manager brought us over free shots, which always makes me remember a place a little more fondly. 

Overall a great experience. I would recommend everyone check this place out at some point. It certainly lived up to it's hype.笑
This place is cool from afar, but far from cool.  Just an ok rating from me.

Sure there is a huge big screen, but the problem is you need to book 3 months ahead of time and everything is overpriced. If you aren't that lucky, you can get a cool booth, but there are not enough TV's to get a good view from everywhere. 

Put in more TV's and I might give this a 4 star sports bar rating.笑
Came here for drinks post dinner.  My friends and I aren't leafs fans and there was a game playing and I thought coming here would be a bad idea because everyone would be really rowdy.

It was actually a great experience.  The place was very busy but not uncomfortably crowded.   Our server was very nice although he was really busy waiting other tables he made sure we were attended to.   The vibe was great, we were able to enjoy ourselves dispite the game on the big screen.   The crowd was not rowdy at all (of course there was cheering and the loud horn when the home team scored but that's only to be expected). Prices are a couple dollars higher than what you pay elsewhere but average for most downtown bar. we didn't order any food but sat near where the kitchen was and the food looked delicious and upscale.笑
Good to watch sports in for that lively atmosphere but food was whatever and God help you if you and your group are at a table right by the bar and not in a booth during a big game. So many loud and obnoxious strangers elbowing and bumping into your back because they want a good view of the gigantic TV behind the bar meanwhile you just want to eat your meal. Then again, I am not the biggest sports fan so this may have been an influence on my opinion.笑
Very loud, poor service. Reasonable food, if you can find a waiter to order from.

I've been to this bar three times with friends (with somewhat large groups, 8+, with reservations) to grab drinks. This place doesn't seem to have enough staff for its size. Your waiter comes by after a few minutes to get your drink order, but good luck finding your waiter again after that, even to pay the bill.

I've come here hoping to get a drink and some food and have left, an hour and a half later, hungry, having never seen my waiter again after the drink order. Looking around the restaurant, you don't see many waiters at all, so good luck getting anyone's attention. I just gave up, found someone to get my bill, paid and left.

I now come here only begrudgingly, and tell people to try other bars in hopes of influencing them to go somewhere better.

They have a reasonable beer selection. Haven't tried much of the food because no one seems to want me to have any. What I have had is fair for bar food.笑
Horrible service and food was not good at all. Waited for waitress for 20 minutes. Bouncer was very unprofessional. Disappointing experience.笑
The food was really good, had the burger and fries and everything with was very hot and fresh! The beer is (as expected) way over priced but I knew what I was getting into before I came. The Leaf fans are a major distraction and should be banned from wearing those stupid jerseys inside the bar, Love the big screen and the staff is amazing!笑
OMG this is like the mother-land of sports bars!  The wall of a TV makes it worth it the trip, wait and crowd.

I agree strongly with Madelaine D - MAKE RESERVATIONS!  Make them like 3 weeks before you want to go.  I tired to get them and they were booked solid.  When my date and I got there - we put out name on the waiting list, but they were not doing any seating until after the Leafs game.  It didn't matter, there are about 3 bars in the place that you can either stand at or order from and the upper level with it's open concept "rail" standing is AMAZING!  If you don't have a table, the bar is cash and carry - I would have like to have started a tab and flipped it over to the table at the end, but oh well.

I think that I counted about 25 TVs, and they were not all playing the hockey - so if you were in the the NBA, or UFC you were in luck.

When we finally got our table, the staff was friendly and we even had our own little mini screen (so bump the TV count to about 100) to watch the late game of HNIC.  The food was yummy - but there wasn't much of it....at least I didn't think so.  Then again we just ordered apps.  They did run out of Coors Light - never thought that would happen at a bar this size, but the place was packed.  I didn't see the bill - like a good date, he paid and wouldn't even let me give him cash.

The washrooms were very clean and very modern.  The hand dryer was kind of cool too - FYI, it dries your hands in about 3 seconds.  The whole place was kept clean, and that's something hard to do in the winter with all of the TO salt.

I'll be heading back in the summer for sure!笑
This is my first review ever on yelp, but this restaurant deserved that I write something about it. We were there a few nights ago on a Monday night, and I thought two things are pretty ridiculous about this place. One that they were fully  booked on a non event night at 5h30pm Monday. When we arrived at 7 o'clock, the place was half empty, with full sections not even being utilized. Why is that?Are you trying to creat an "aura of exclusivity" about your place?  Second of all, the $15 burger that I ordered with the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen for a "restaurant"- even for bar food. All I got was a burnt hamburger, with shredded lettuce (!), one piece of tomato, and sauce (good fried and presentation though).I asked to have it returned and for something else. The management was kind enough to offer a replacement, but I still think it was pretty ridiculous to serve this kind of hamburger at this price. Unfortunately I find this place extremely overrated, yes, a big screen, but this place should only be used for drinks and meet friends. We were a group of 10 people, and six out of 10 this evening were dissatisfied with their foods. They were  just too embarrassed to make a big fuss out of it as I already returned my burger. The server, and management, were nice but the kitchen staff should be replaced. It's not the kind of place that would return on  regular basis, unless there is a super event going on, and all I need to do is have a beer.笑
This place is pretty incredible.  The TV screen in the front is huge!  Honestly its the biggest TV I have ever seen.  The other bonus is that there are other small TVs all around the bar so you'll never miss out on the action.  A group of us went for the Kentucky v. Ohio State game (thank GOD Ohio lost!) and asked to sit in VIP and they walked us right in.  The VIP tables have taps on the table which is awesome.  Drinks were very reasonable ($5-7) and the atmosphere is very good for watching a game.笑
A real man cave in here. Place is surrounded by TV screens great for catching the game. Ladies if a guy ever brings you here on a date leave him there is no way he's paying attention to you. They have a daily drink and food special. Overall the food and drinks are good. Garlic fries are awesome, I tried the beef brisket was alright I've had better. Overall this place is worth checking out. I'm tempted to try their $28 dozen of wings, but they better be the best darn wings I've ever had.笑
If your looking for a sports atmosphere this is the place. A giant main screen and another hundred or so smaller ones and a sports ticker is all you need on sports day. The waitresses are good looking but a liitle on the slower side. Good food and the beers when they come are nice and cold. Over all a great meeting spot before or after a game. The menu choice is fairly typical of a sports bar but the place is something to take in. The biggest complaint is its in the heart of Toronto Maple Leafs land. lol笑
A truly fantastic sports bar, I could watch SPL highlights! I even got to see the highlights of my beloved home team Dundee United, although on this particular occasion that was not necessary a good thing, Ha!

However they have a good beer selection. Entering such a place I had a sense of foreboding, I have eaten here before and it was fine but since doing a GF and carb free diet I was thinking...yippee salad again! However much to my joy they serve a lettuce burger, all the good staff sans bun! It was excellent! Truly did not feel I was missing out on the sports bar and a burger experience. 

Whenever I have passed by this place it is always busy and yesterday was no exception. If there is a game or a gig at the ACC then reservations will be required. Yesterday we had a half hour wait for a table. 

The last time I went there was before going to see Kings of Leon, we needed our food in a hurry and they were fast! 

Female, single...if you haven't been yet, you have to go!笑
Fun place to watch games. The food is pretty decent. However, it is a bit of a pricier joint. Recommended to experience.笑
You probably already know all the big draws about Real Sports as this entire city revolves around anything that has even the slightest tangential relation to the Leafs. Here are the basics: This bar is filled with literally every TV ever made, shows every sports game that's ever been on, plays all the music you hate far too loud for literally no reason and is overpriced but is modestly priced when compared with any other MLSE food and beverage operation.

So if that's all you're looking for you can stop reading here. If you want my humorous anecdotes and personal musings...please continue on.

So Real Sports has been open for like 3ish seasons (I can't give you a reliable number on that because I would never step foot in this place unless it was before going to a Leafs game. Conversely, I've never stepped foot OUT of this place without being completely plastered. So that's nice) and for a long time was my go to spot for beers before Leaf games. I say was because I have since realized that I am a moron and that you may as well go to any of the other Sports MegaBar type places on the corner of York and Front. *BONUS POINTS* to all those other huge bars in the area in that they will usually get you out in time for the game while bringing you food that is actually hot.

When Real Sports first opened the rule went that you had to call at 10am, 3 weeks in advance of your game if you wanted to get a table before the game you were attending. This rule is still a safe bet but honestly, you can call like a week in advance and still be good. I'm assuming this is the case because everyone has realized this bar is stupid.

At this point you're probably thinking:
A) Why did you give this place 4 stars if you're just completely trashing the joint?
B) Why do you continue to go if you hate this place so much?

Simple Answer to those questions:
A) This place is so big, so disorganized and has such a high turnover in staff that there is a very good chance your waitress will bring you another patron's beer before bringing you your correct beer. BOOM! Free drinks!! You can't fight with that fantastic, if not accidental, policy.
B) The smokin' hot waitresses who just always seem to be in the worlds worst mood. I don't know what has happened to all of these people in all of their lives but I swear to god these are the most upset women I have ever met in my life and I love it! Call me old fashioned (or diseased) but there's nothing I love more than being served by someone that makes me feel like I'm in the later parts of the world's worst relationship.笑
I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet--probably because I very rarely eat here, so I didn't know whether I could write a review that does this place justice...but then again, this is a sports bar after all so who cares about food...right...?

Let's get the not so good stuff out of the way:
- Expensive. My tiny tiny cheesecake (see pic) is $9 ladies and gentleman. That's enough to buy an entire cheesecake from Longos in the same building. For $9 I was expecting cheesecake the size of my head. Appetizers around $10, sandwiches and fingers around $15, entrees $25-$40, beers ~$7, cocktails $10+
- Mediocre food. The food here is not _bad_ but it's definitely not great. The quantity is small too. Their garlic fries are pretty good but again, not great, and that's about their only redeeming food.
- More TVs needed (?!?!?!) Ironic, no? They tout that they are the biggest sports bar with the biggest tv in Toronto (or Canada?) and they have an insane number of TVs in there (see pic). Yet there are A LOT of spots that actually doesn't provide you with a good view. 

The take it or leave it's:
- Girl Servers. They seem to try very hard to hire good looking female servers, but they are barely succeeding. If you want  really hot servers, maybe go to Earl's. The good is that I haven't had any problems ever with the service here , and being a girl, I can live without SUPER HOT servers, and go with attractive girls who are actually good at their job.
- Suits and Guys. Come here for a sports game on a week night, you'll end up seeing many suits here. If you're a guy, and you don't look good in a suit, then there's something REALLY wrong with your face or body, likely both. There are plenty of hot guys not in suits there too. Today, two suits bought our table two rounds of drinks. No we were not a table of girls. Six guys and three girls. Apparently they're regulars there. 

What makes this place four star:
- ATMOSPHERE. There's nothing like sitting in a bar full of people who are interested in the game that's playing. Hundreds of people cheering or groaning all at the same time. That's what a sports bar is about. Unfortunately, this atmosphere also comes with the territory of always being packed. They take reservations - make them. If you don't, you will probably be relegated to Habour Sports Grille down the street. I gave that place three stars - It really pales in comparison with the atmosphere at the REAL Sports Bar and Grill.笑
Out of all the sports bars that I've been to in Toronto and Woodbridge, I'd have to say that Real Sports Bar & Grill is my favourite! This bar is located right across the ACC and can easily be fully booked during lunch hours and game nights, so it's always best to make reservations ahead of time to ensure a spot. Sports fans can enjoy watching their favourite game of the season on a 39 ft HD big screen and 199 HD TVs that are placed throughout the bar. Not only do they have a wide selection of beer on tap, their food menu is extensive offering a variety of delicious appetizers, entrees, wings, burgers and more, along with a daily lineup of specials.

Kevin and I visited Real Sports last Friday night to watch the Raptors play against Brooklyn (which they sadly lost) and we were lucky enough to go on a night that wasn't so busy. We were seated in a booth at the dining area that had it's own TV which we were able to choose our own sports channel to watch a game. We both ordered 1/2 dozen wings each, garlic fries to share and beers to drink. For dessert we shared a brownie cheesecake and I got a coffee to drink. 

Kevin ordered the Muay Thai wings and found them to be extremely spicy but delicious. If you're a fan of very spicy food, you will like this. I ordered the Garlic Parmesan and enjoyed it, but my only complaint was that there were some wings that were coated with too much salt which made it extremely salty and difficult to eat. But other than that, the chicken was delicious and the meat was very moist inside. The brownie cheesecake was so good! It had a nice creamy texture and it wasn't overly sweet. I will definitely order this again next time.

I highly recommend this sports bar if you're looking for a live atmosphere with great food while watching your favourite game on screen.笑
ESPN sure isn't wrong calling this the best sports bar in North America! 
Reservations are definitely recommended for game days! I was very lucky to get a booth before the Lakers game yesterday (Sunday), very accommodating staff.

I have been here a number of times for TFC, Raptors and Leafs games. It is an awesome sports bar experience. I am a Raptors seasons seat holder, and usually come here for a quick drink before hand.

I've always had great, fast service, and I am absolutely addicted to their Buffalo Chicken Sandwich! They have tons of stuff on tap.

Sports sensory overload!!笑
Went to see a Jays win the game and have some good WINGS !!

Both were winners. The Jays came back to win and the Wings were great from the start. 

Started with some.REAL SPORTS NACHOS with chicken.  Good.

We had the BOBCAYGEON and THAI SWEET CHILI wings. Good. 

You really can't go wrong with the food at Real Sports. The only problem is you have to pay for it. I know its hard, but sometimes its worth it笑
Soccer (it kills me to have to use that word) is the greatest sport in the world FACT
This is not the best place to watch soccer FACT

Okay reasons why - at 2pm on a Wednesday I do not expect the place to have every table and seats reserved! 
Surely it makes sense to have some first come first serve dealio. Either way not the biggest problem as plenty of bar seats.

The sound echoes and the atmosphere is crap. Probably because half the crowd are students sipping on that one pint of coke and the other half do not know what is going on and what a  'Ronaldo' actually is.

For soccer I much prefer a smaller place, with quicker service such as Tilted Kilt which has great screens. The cinema style one in Real sports is almost impossible to watch unless your on the balcony level and with a direct view.笑
Pretty good place for watch sports and grab some beers.  It's a little bit expensive, but the food is very good and they have a lot of beer options.  The service is nice and is very comfortable.笑
I actually enjoy coming here. 
I ALWAYS reserve a table before arriving, they tend to be super busy when games are on and I rarely tend to wait long to be seated when I've already made a reservation. 
The service is good and there are a variety of drinks you can choose from; it is deff a place you can go with friends to enjoy drinks after work or a night out to watch a game on the giant TV!
I recommend party sized nachos for starters for sure!!!笑
Wish this place didn`t take reservations. The place is a sports bar - people are going to come. Or just accept reservations for a limited amount of people / space, and let the rest open up to walk-ins.

Basically came here at 5pm to catch the 8pm Stanley Cup Finals with the Canucks vs. Bruins..... I knew it was already full reserved so we were so lucky to get the bar seats up front (well actually S and T got there while I was still at work).

We got some beers - love their selection... definitely a little price it but I think it's worth it for the atmosphere. We ordered yam fries and it literally came out in 2 minutes.. NO JOKE. What I'm guessing is that everything under heat lamps, but luckily - they were really tasty.

Unfortunately - we closer to game time, the hostesses were extremely rude and pulled stools directly under my friend's butts because they were for the "reserved" high top tables. This is where I see a problem:
1. How would they know which bar stool belonged to which booth?
2. What gives someone the right to pull your chair without even asking?
3. How would they know who took which bar stool and how long each person has been sitting for.

Good thing us little ladies could share stools but I was definitely not impressed. The food we ordered came out in a timely manner when it came to dinner time, and I have nothing bad to say about that. It was definitely tough having people behind your standing in the bar ... guess they hadn't reached capacity.

Overall - the experience was pretty good... only downfall - Vancouver loses at home to the Boston Bruins and I watch the riots happen from Toronto.

I will definitely be here for future games........ more friends, more drinks, more good food *crosses fingers*笑
My server was Monika and she was just fabulous. Giver a raise! The food is great and served in a timely manner. Big space with lots of viewing for sports.  We really enjoyed our time here. If you're looking to save money at Hoops, take my word and just don't. Cheers.笑
Le concept est juste énorme, un resto sur 2 etages avec vue sur un nombre d'ecrans geants incalculables! le prix des plats est exsorbitant mais les portions sont enormes! L'ambiance est au rendez-vous car tout le monde vient pour la meme chose, profiterdu sport en profitant d'une bonne bouffe!笑
For the one-of-a-kind-TV-all-around-you atmosphere, and to show your out-of-town friends, Real Sports cannot be beat for a games night. 

Awesome screens everywhere in various sizes, great sound, and people cheer non stop as if you were at the ACC around the corner.

Only bad thing is the food is pricy for pub-style food, the wings are $19 from what I recall. But you go here for the atmosphere, not the food. They can charge whatever they want really, seeing how there is always a line up and I'm never able to make a reservation.笑
Came here for a birthday party and was welcomed by a huge TV screen and hundreds (if I could exaggerate more) of them beside it. Since its a birthday party, I have no problems with hostess finding the table which was one of the tall long tables near the bar. However I don't really like long tall tables and would love it was the lounging area instead. But you really have to reserve a table in weeks beforehand if you want to NOT have to wait. 

As a crowded (or soon-to-be crowded) bar, it was casual and the atmosphere was alright. I love it that I could watch football on one screen then go to soccer and tennis on the other without turning my head. That is so far my favourite thing about this place.

For the drinks, I ordered a Jack and Coke though it took them awhile to make it (even took them longer when I ordered a Steamwhistle afterwards). The nachos here according to other yelpers just look weird, one of my friends order them and it just looks like a pile of olives and peppers until I realized that the nachos were black coloured. 

Anyways I ordered Chicken and Waffles seeing that this is the first time I ever since that item in a restaurant. It took them awhile again however what I got was quite a disappointing and foul experience. The chicken was kind of bland and there was less seasoning on it making me have to pour that disgusting sauce that they complimented it with. It was the foulest thing I tasted and waste it down with Steamwhistle. 

Even though the food is mediocre, the service wasn't anything special besides taking awhile to bring stuff. The Real Sports Bar & Grill is enjoyable by means of just getting drunk and watching the big game on the BIG screen (literally!).笑
It used to be really good here when it first opened, but the prices have gone up. Still come here now and again to meet friends over a pint.... But they should consider having more specials. Tourist trap mainly though, so most likely they won't.笑
Stopped here for a quick drink before the Lady Gaga concert at Air Canada Centre.

The place was reserved but they said we could find a spot at the bar.  Despite the crowd, our bartender was on top of things and very attentive.

We had a few drinks, and some Thai Sweet Chili wings.  Supposedly that's the recipe that got their chef the job and it sure got the job done for me.

TVs everywhere and a massive screen on one wall.  Definitely seemed like a cool place to catch a game.笑
This place is a good for right before a concert of game at the ACC. If you let the waitress know you need to be out in a short time, they'll try their best to make that happen, it's great. 
The service is great and the food is OK. It's a bit pricey for what you get but that's due to location and the prices aren't as high as at Eleven which is right around the corner from them. All in all its pretty good.笑
Great place to watch the game if you don't have a ticket. We had Turkey burgers (yum) and salmon which was good. We were skeptical about having salmon at a sports bar but they proved they can do it and well.笑
Great atmosphere.  Spotty service.  It can take a while to get a drink at the bar.  Avoid the ends of the bar if you want quick service笑
This is THE SPOT I would be watching sports on the regular if I was a Toronto regular. The massive 100+ inch screen at the bar is amazing. Plus the additional 20+ other TVs make this a sports lovers dream! Definitely seems like a spot that can handle so many sports all at once. The beer list was really robust. The food was good too. I wanted my wings a bit saucier, but they still were super flavorful. And the dill blue cheese was really different and refreshing. Highly recommend the greek salad! The feta cheese was creamy and nothing like I've had before. So good. The place was really awesome. I wish I was in Toronto again for another Giants game. So lucky they put it on the big screen! And I won a OBJ jersey from them too. It was a pretty spectacular evening.笑
Great wings lots of tvs, service was ok.  But it's a sports bar to its maximum for sure!笑
Think Buffalo Wild Wings on steroids...and without pretending the wings are great. This is the perfect place to go to and watch a game. We went before and after the Jays game, and there was more than enough seating either at the bars or tables.

Tons of TVs, plenty of beer to choose from, and the appetizers were really good. The "literally popcorn chicken" was really SPICY but amazing - it has actual popcorn sprinkled on top! And the panko onion rings are large, crispy and delicious.笑
Beer lovers, they have 36 different kinds of beers on tap!

There is also free wi-fi, but you have to ask the server for the login and password.

They started to charge cover for UFC fights... at least they did last weekend. I'm still a fan of this place. If you want a table or booth for any special event, be sure to book about 2 weeks ahead.笑
Can't deny the food is amazing. This is why i gave 3 stars if the food was bad it would have been a 1 star. I only have 2 complaints. 
1. My order was wrong.
2. They literally took my wife's plate as she was still eating and left the plate of wrong food on the table the entire time. I understand the fries are in a separate bowl but it is on the plate with the rest of the food. As she was taking a bite the girl clearing tables grabbed the plate and set the bowl on the table. The plate did have a small piece of sandwich left but she decided for us that we were done. 
Rude!笑
First time in Toronto, and I was literally excited as hell to visit this place. A couple of buddies and I were in Canada and we decided to check this place out before we went out to the bars that night. It was a Sunday night, but the Raptors were playing, so Air Canada Centre was packed, and so was the RS Bar & Grill. The Raptors/Maple Leafs store across from there was also pretty cool to check out.

The food was super good (I got the ribs, friend got the Poutin, and two friends shared the full size nachos). I personally enjoyed it and the Poutin looked great, but the nachos were a bit subpar in the sense that they had a lot of toppings, but nothing to dip it in (no sour cream or salsa or anything like that).

The music was on point, and their gigantic screen was by far the highlight of the restaurant. However, their service was absolute shit. And by absolute shit, I mean the guy working there was incompetent as hell. First off, he misunderstood our order and basically took two people's orders and disregarded the rest of us. It's a hard concept to explain over a review, but let's just say he cut the rest of us off and didn't take anyone else's order. It takes him a year and a half to get us our drinks because he's too busy flirting with his female customers (which I understand because I'd probably do the same, so I forgive him in that aspect). But it became a repeating thing and he didn't even make an effort to accomodate us which was sort of shitty because we were running on a schedule. Next, he doesn't refill anyone's water, doesn't collect any of the menus after we ordered, and doesn't check up on us once during our meal. As our meal came to a close, we asked for a check with specific instructions on how to split it up amongst the four of us, and sure enough, he hands us one check instead one that is split up. We do the math, and surprise surprise, he added two extra beers and accidentally added them. If we hadn't caught that, we would've had to pay $20 extra, so that was a shitty thing to realize as well. All in all, the food and the atmosphere was phenomenal. The service... not so good. Might've been just that one guy, but that one guy ruined it for all of us. His tip suffered immensely for it, but overall I'd definitely be back to eat here again.笑
How the hell this was named the best sports bar in North America is laughable.  ESPN Zones are better than this, and have better service and food.  

They don't have the MLB package.  Staff didn't even know the Jays weren't playing that night.  There was an open table for two with the television in the wall, but they refused to sit us there, and instead put us at a table for two that was blocking a walkway.  I just loved having people brush me every time they walked by.

As for the food, I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich, and it came with some weird pink condiment (besides the bbq sauce).  I asked for a new top to the bun thinking it was on only on the top bun and there was enough lettuce that I could get the pink crap off.  But no, it was on the bottom bun too.  So, they brought me the bottom bun and I had to scrape the pink crap off the chicken.  Not cool.  They should have offered to redo the sandwich since there is no mention of the condiment on the menu.  I also told them no onion and no tomato.  They got one right.  It still had a tomato.  My mom was dining with me and said her burger was decent.  The salad that came with my sandwich was the highlight of the meal.  The dressing was great, the number of screens was cool, and I thought the hockey stick chandelier was awesome! They are the only things that kept me from giving one star.  

And FYI, this place is way too loud.  I mean, WTF kind of loud!  I couldn't hear my mom without screaming.  And if the music is going to be loud, at least make it decent!  The service was o.k., but the dumbass at the hostess stand set the tone.  Don't tell me that you don't have a table with a tv, and then sit us right next to that open table with the tv.  

Next time I visit Toronto, I won't be eating here.笑
First thing first. Don't try to walk in to this place and think you will get a seat right away. Call head and reserve a table. If you are going for Sunday Football game reserve no later then Wednesday. During weekend for Leafs game. Good luck :-)

The establishment  is the real deal for sport fans. I went on Sunday for the NFL football. All the games was on TV and there is a Main game showing on the big screen. The have couch all over. I heard you don't have to reserve those seat first come first serve. Good luck getting one of those. Once you put your ass on that I don't think you want to leave that place. 

Grub wise not bad. Chicken Wings was good. Burger Not so. But then again I am not a burger guy. I prefer Chicken Wings. :-). We had like 3 pin of beer, pound of wings and two burgers. The total damage was around $55 and change so with tips $65.00. There were two of us.  Not bad at all especially for the place like this.

Guys if you think you will go in and come out with girls. Don't waste you time. You can go in with a bunch of proline tickets and throw them out once the games are done. :-) 

The waitress are pretty cool. I get text asking me if the waitress were hot. I am like most of them are but if you have couple of beers they will be the best in town ;-) Ha. 

 Anyway, I really like this place I have next Sunday and Monday Night football table reserve :-)笑
I was on a trip to Toronto and wanted to catch a Champions League game. This place was near my hotel so I decided to pay a visit. I can't judge the food or service, but the atmosphere of this place was fantastic. This is a huge sports bar and I was surprised that the place was packed in 3pm for a soccer match. They had a very large screen (almost the size of a cinema screen) and lots of other LCD displays all over the place. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience as it was perfect as a sports bar: lots of crowd, large displays, and nice beer selection.笑
If you're looking to watch a sporting event, this place has 199 TVs, including one that is bigger than my old apartment. They will show pretty much whatever* you want on the TV closest to you, but if there is a Leafs game, it will dominate the master telly. Big Tel Tel, as I call it. 

The poutine is delicious. The wings are way too expensive for what they are. $28? Caaaam on! There is just no way to justify that for one pound of bird, unless the bird is really a genie and is going to grant you three wishes. 

*I'm pretty tempted to come in and demand sitcom reruns on W. Who wants to take bets on if they let me do this?笑
Real Sports Bar & Grill is the ultimate man cave.  A giant HD projector screen dominates the dark main room, two stories high and is said to be the largest indoors in North America.  When we asked our server how many TVs are actually in the restaurant, we were told that Real Sports Bar & Grill has 199 screens in all, including a few mounted on the walls in the men's bathroom.  That's a lot of TVs and a of sports!

Even though we visited Real Sports Bar & Grill early (around 4pm) on a Friday, we had to sit at the bar as every table in this gigantic sports bar had already been reserved.  The crowd was a mix of families, boys celebrating their birthdays, and grown men and women who were ready to get started on a fun sports watching night!

The drink and food menu looked promising.  It's offerings were more upscale than what you would expect, and the food tasted better than any sports bar I've ever been at.  Because we were going to be eating dinner later that night, we ordered sliders as well as an order of edamame with lime salt.  Both were terrific.

The service at the bar was also excellent.  Our server let us sample a few of the beers they had on tap.  She was very attentive and made sure we got what we ordered quickly.笑
If you're looking for the biggest indoor TV in North America, you've come to the right place.

If you're looking for good food, reasonably priced drinks, or any kind of "atmosphere", I'd try somewhere else.

Food:
I had the pulled pork sandwich. It was meh. The sweet potato fries were also boring and came with a really weird sauce. Just give me my chipotle mayo and stop being weird.

Drinks:
The beer list is long, but includes no craft beer. I paid $7.50 for a pint of Moosehead.

Atmosphere:
Corporate

Keep in mind that any money spent here is going to the goliath Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment, owned by Rogers and Bell. If that's not enough reason to boycott the place, I don't know what is.

With that said, I do enjoy watching hockey on a screen so big the players are 10 times human size.笑
Huge location, sat at the bar to watch the game. Some good beer on tap and some nice appetizers and main dishes. The main problem is that if you sit at the bar you can't see the huge TV in the middle (too close) but the small ones worked OK .笑
Real Sports Bar and Grill is an amazing place to go if you are an avid sports fan. Casual viewers need not apply. A bar boasting North America's biggest HD TV screen, and at 39 feet, they are not exaggerating, creates a certain atmosphere, but that may not be what everyone is looking for in a sports bar...let me explain. 

Real Sports is shiny, flashy and new. The place is decked out with 199 other HD TV screens, all vying for your attention, on top of the main attraction. The bar is lit up with translucent coloured panels, creating a space that feels a bit more like a nightclub than a bar and grill. The wait staff all look really good, but it seems to take the entire quarter of a basketball game to get your drink or order a meal.

Real Sports menu is comprehensive and well thought out. They serve 12 different flavours of chicken wings, and a great selection of sandwiches and burgers. I can attest to the quality of both the Grilled Chicken on Swiss Panini and the Grilled Portobello Mushroom Sandwich ($13, $12). Real Sports also serves of a variety of appetizers, hot dogs, poutine, salads and some filling entrees of ribs, salmon and meatloaf. But here is where the fun stops. I have not had good luck with the appetizers at Real Sports, often finding the portion to be smaller than I expected, and the food lacking a certain something. The calamari was a bit dry, and the chipotle mayo has been done. When I ordered the sweet potato fries as an appetizer, the portion of "5 spice aioli" that came on the side could have been consumed within the first two fries. I was not impressed. 

Food issues aside, Real Sports serves up 112 different beers on tap, and a decent selection of wine and whiskey. Expect to pay a steep price, however. With most of the beer prices ranging between $6.25 and $8.50, and wine from $9 up to $23.50 a glass, the "sports" theme of the bar is quickly replaced with the pricing of a mid-range restaurant. I must admit, I have never been able to digest the alcohol prices at Real Sports.

What Real Sports lacks in food and prices, however, it makes up for in location and style. Located walking distance to the Rogers Centre, and across the street from the Air Canada Centre, it is, literally, a 30 second walk to the ACC, giving meaning to the "real" in Real Sports. With more TV's than you could find inside the biggest BestBuy store out there, you will never miss a game or event again. It really feels like Real Sports is actually playing every sporting event in the world, and you can take your pick. 

Real Sports boasts a 90-foot ice bar, which swaggering up to and ordering a drink at feels pretty cool (pun intended). It's a neat gimmick, but also extremely functional, as those sitting at the bar always have a cold drink. I have just never quite figured out where to rest my hands. 
Real Sports is loaded with seating, it always seem that there is a place to sit. With the bar spanning over two levels, all with forward facing booths, there really isn't a bad seat in the house.

If you are looking for a good time, and not extremely concerned with the quality, or price, of your food and beverage, then by all means, head over to Real Sports; I can almost guarantee you will have a good time. Seeing the 39-foot TV for the first time is a fun experience, especially when your team is playing on it. If you go to Real Sports with realistic expectations, you will not be disappointed.笑
Lots of TVs. Servers are really young and stand around talking about boyfriends and school and dancing. Would be nice if they were attentive and when you asked for silverware you didn't get plastic. For the prices you would think a sports bar is tough to come by. Overpriced but good food and you feel like you get a little less less educated every minute you listen to the staff.笑
YUM!! All I have to say is that I am lucky I don't live in Toronto or else id be here all the time! I have only been here once, but what an awesome place! This place is equip with 199 HD screens & 112 taps! Not to mention their TWO-STORY high television!! 
They've got a drink menu of there own kind.. Beers, Martini's & Cocktails 
of all sorts.. Very original cocktails to try out! I had a drink with a peice of bacon in it for crying out loud! lol
And the food.. OMG. I had a chicken panini with sweet potato fries, I didn't want it to be over, the food was all delicious. The sweet potato fries were killer, and the panini was perfectly made.
Speaking of this place is tempting me to catch the next bus down to Toronto!..笑
There's a lot of skirt-pulling and shirt re-adjusting going on and NO I'm not talking about me.  It seems the waitresses have adapted to their uniforms, so it's not one more thing to think about aside from satisfying me.  Was I satisfied? Let's talk...

Hot waitresses, make-up, long legs, short skirts - How can I not like?

Big screen, small screen, everywhere screen screen - I like screens

Beer here, Beer there, Beer everywhere - Pretty decent local drafts

Wings, Nachos, Burgers, Steaks & Ribs - I believe it's a sports bar

The bar area with the 39-foot HD screen is basically one ginormous game day house party, if you happen to have 100s of friends and the local teams can get it together to get some wins or even goals for that matter.  On the side, my friend noticed our waitress hovering over us quite a bit, I wonder why she didn't seem to like that? I kind of enjoyed it.  :-P

Short Rib Sliders, I have to say it had a weird flavour profile to it I couldn't get use to.  Maybe I'm not used to unsavory creamy flavours with non-patty style Beef.  Queso Spring Rolls was another item where I didn't care for.  The miniature filling inside the rolls didn't have enough character to distinguish one ingredient from the other, so it was one big bite of huh?

Real Sports Ultimate Chicken Wings {Medium} - $28.75/dozen -
---------
Meaty, spicy, breaded large wings are no doubt a good accompaniment to any sports environment.  These ones aren't bad but considering it's the highest cost item on the menu, it had to prove it's worth.  A dozen of these is a complete meal if not more than other Wings establishments when comparing in volume, so I can see how 1/2 dozen can closely relate to other spots dozen but at the end I can see it's relatively hard to dish out $30 for just over a pound of Chicken.笑
I am in Toronto for the World Cup of hockey, and wanted food after the game and this place is across the street. I was really disappointed in their customer service- the "bouncer"/host has driven away a ton of customers tonight. Sad that when the city has worldwide visitors, one of the employees can ruin the experience. He was incredibly rude and my dad and I along with many others left before even getting inside because the man at the door was so rude. I can't believe he treated people that way when so many people wanted to eat there after the game. Pretty pathetic.笑
Why do we always end up at this place? I think it's b/c it's close and has a variety of food that everyone is bound to find something they like. But honestly...I would never choose to come here myself.

SERVICE
I honestly don't want to have a 2 hour lunch during the workweek. Does anyone? The service was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SLOW. To the point that everyone (10 of us) at my table was complaining.  The place wasn't even 1/2 full.

BILL
I have never seen this before. Is this legal?

$ food  +
$ Tax  + 
$ Gratuity (18%)  +
$ Tax on Gratuity  
TOTAL

First of all, I hate the fact that there is presumed Gratuity on the bill. Wit this, there is no incentive for the server to do a decent job.

Secondly, I had no idea we have to pay an additional tax on the gratuity. Really...can someone tell me if this is legal?

FOOD
The food was alright.笑
Love watching the games at Real Sports or starting/finish the evening. 

Trouble is, it is hard to just walk in and get a table during a game. Reservations are a MUST.

Great selection of beer, great food, great service and a stellar location!

All around a staple in Toronto.笑
Ambiance is awesome! Located downtown Toronto near arena... I loved this place as soon as I walked in ... Drinks are good and food is amazing .... Definitely will be back when I come back to the 6ix笑
Great place to watch a game and have a drink. We weren't planning on eating but we ended up eating and we're not disappointed. I had the Buffalo nachos and I'm still dreaming of them.笑
GREAT PLACE TO WATCH THE GAME! 

Real Sports was rated by ESPN as the best sports bar in North America, I have not been to every sports bar in North America so I cannot vouch for that but I can say it is probably the best sports bar I have been to. The food itself is not extraordinary; on the two occasions I have been here I have not been blown away by the food. I have tried the pulled pork nachos which were okay, pulled pork was too sweet, and the portion was quite generous. On my latest visit I had the taco salad which was lettuce, green onion, guacamole, pico di gallo and sour cream in a hard tortilla shell. This salad was ok, not enough veggies in it, I would have liked something more than just lettuce; however the guacamole in it was very creamy and quite delicious. I have seen their wings and they look amazing, I will give those a shot next time. Overall the food merits 3 stars. 

The reason this place is so highly thought of is the experience. The place itself is massive, has a bar area and a seating area and even has lazy boy chairs on the second level for those who want to kick back and relax. No matter where you sit in this bar you will be in view of a TV, including the giant TV that is about the size of a football field. Hell there is even TV's all over the washrooms so you don't have to miss a single crucial second of the game. This place is always buzzing and the crowd is always into the game making it the next best thing to the arena experience. In terms of beer this place does have many taps but most of them are mainstream beers, nothing too adventurous. In terms of the viewing experience this place definitely gets 5 stars, you can't go wrong watching the big game here just be sure to call ahead for a reservation (especially for leaf games) as they are constantly jammed.笑
This is not your typical sports bar. It's one of the best sports bars I've been to..ever. Let's start with what's great about this place: tvs galore, great bar food, and lots of room for seating. If you have a team, they are most likely playing your game. 

The bad: reservation required or highly recommended. Was not a fan in the fact we were told when we sat down that our table was reserved for the second set of football games. The food is pricy for being a bar. 

Overall: would definitely come back as the pros outweigh the cons. Once you see the massive tv you will understand.笑
The first thing that hits you when you walk into Real Sports is the sheer size of the establishment. A huge bar stretches out in front of you, its back wall lined with what seems like an endless row of beer taps. To your right is the restaurant space, and straight ahead of you is the bar area; the place's real centre of attention. It's not breaking news - the big screen is huge. Really huge. And there are still more TV's hanging throughout the space. Upstairs, there are leather lounge chairs and still more TV's. The design is great, no question about it. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said about the service. 

It's forgivable for a new restaurant to have issues with service. Not ideal, but forgivable. The question becomes, when can a restaurant no longer be considered new? Having opened in mid June, the place is now over three months old. It's time for the little guy to grow up. Sitting at the bar on a relatively slow evening (by Real Sports standards), it took a full ten minutes to attract the attention of the bar staff who were standing idly, chatting among themselves. Maybe they hadn't seen me sit down. Ready to order my food, I closed the menu and looked their way - for another ten minutes. My first beer down, and ready for another... you probably know where I'm going.  In my books, good service can often make up for a bad meal, and bad service can make even the best meal taste like crap; so keep that in mind when I'm talking about the food.

For dinner that night, I had the calamari to start, and the pulled pork sandwich for my main. After the fiasco at the bar, having my first course put down in front of me felt like a mild accomplishment. I was starving, so I was ready to eat just about anything, but pissed off enough that I wanted to hate it. I didn't hate it, but it wasn't great. The batter reminded me of KFC, thick and very crunchy. The dipping sauce was pretty good. 

I'll admit that I've never met a pulled port sandwich I didn't like. This one was no exception. I pounded it. The slaw on the sandwich was nice and crunchy, and did a good job of cutting through the fatty pork. 

Reading through this review, I realized that I gave one fact far too little attention. The place is a sports bar. Period. Crunchy slaw, overly battered calamari, none of it really matters that much when you're just looking for a good place to watch the game. And Real Sports certainly is that. It's completely deserving of ESPN Mobile's ranking of the number one sports bar in America. That said, if I'm paying for it, I should be able to expect decent service and edible food. The food was fine; the service was not. 

For a place to go watch the game - 5/5
For a place to eat - 2/5
Overall - 3/5笑
The biggest sports bar I have ever been too. Large screen tvs, tons of seating and yet their is still a line up because everyone goes here. I love it here. Its more fun going with a larger group. I came here with a friend and we just wanted a quick drink before heading home from Sultans Tent. So we sat by the bar, gorgeous servers from the woman and men haha. I got few long island iced teas and towards the end I got a mint chocolate chip milkshake. It was truly the best I have ever had. Im normally not a fan of desserts or milkshakes..but this one, won me over haha.

Everyone needs to check this place out. Come super early especially during game nights if you want a seat! without waiting around forever. 

Its right beside union station and the ACC. expect it to be loud, busy and filled with hot drunks haha笑
Sat at the bar on a not too crowded Thursday afternoon: fast attentive service, nice atmosphere with big TVs everywhere playing this sports thing that I have heard about (someone mentioned hockey, something about a puck).  Had the club sandwich which was decent, nothing fabulous, priced somewhat high for what it was worth, but then again its all about the location I guess....and there isn't much else to eat in this area that doesn't take a long time during a busy convention!笑
We were there for my wife' s birthday as she wanted to visit this place since a while.. We liked the huge screen with multiple small screens which was showing us live action of Baseball match.. We ordered Avocado toast to start which was tasted well.. We then ordered Vegetarian Panini grill which was very delicious.. We were surprised by the flavours in Panini.. Virgin Shirley temple to drink along with was a good idea.. Just 1 disappointment, I was told by them on phone that they would give my wife a birthday dessert but no one even acknowledged that or wished her..  Except for that, we had a nice evening笑
Food - decent quality
Price - higher end for a bar $40 per person
TV screens - plenty! (though many ppl are there for the atmosphere and not that interested in what sports are showing - so if you are a sports purist, it could be potentially be distractingly noisy)

You should book for big sporting events or fri/sat night.

Service - our server was atrocious. She was rude, impatient and condescending.
- she came for our drinks order when we clearly had were not ready to order. She rattled off 15 beers at the speed of light and then told us off for not listening to her!
- she cleared our appetisers and dessert when they were unfinished
- she brought the bill out without our request, when the main sporting event had just commenced

We were so annoyed that we refused to tip her. She then confronted us as we were leaving demanding why she was not tipped. We explained to her that we had found her rude and impatient. She declared that she thought there had been nothing wrong with her service and we should have told her earlier. Then she had the temerity and audacity to say that she had just paid for our dinner! What an unpleasant end to our experience at your bar.

Hopefully your experience is better.笑
This place is certainly impressively designed.  It reminds me of the Keg on York street, but with a lot more flat panel tvs.     It has a lot of potential, but also a lot to work on......

The Good:

The layout is well thought out and designed.  Nice plush couches and the edges of the bars are padded for you to rest your arms on.

The selection of beers is better than most other sports bars in the area.

TV's - everywhere.

The Bad:

Prices -  a bit overpriced for what essentially is the same food you can get at most other sports bars.    

The staff - on the night I went, there were 4 bartenders standing around behind the bar and yet it still took 40 minutes for my appetizers to arrive, cold.   Maybe a bit less gossip and more attention to customers would be a good suggestion here.

This place is a good place to watch sports and have a beer, but I am not sure how it was named the "Best Sports Bar" in North America. I've been to much better (and cheaper) places in the southern US alone.笑
Terrible service. No atmosphere.  Reserved  empty tables yet people being asked to queue. Avoid this is not a sports bar!!!笑
The bar is owned by MLSE.  Eating here the food is very pricey, I can see if i am in the ACC watching a live game, but charging outrageous prices to see a big screen. 12 wings (2lbs) for $28,  more like 1 lb.  Total bill for 3 people with 1 drink each, $140. Can't really have a conversation in there because it is too loud, had to shout across the table.笑
This is a great sports bar - great food, awesome atmosphere and a great staff. It's central location is a great appeal. The staff was welcoming and the seating is so great it was grand!  We ordered great drinks and tried the poutine -- it was different but very good. Ordered fish tacos and Thai tilapia. Both were presented nicely and tasted great. The menu has something for everyone.笑
When my friend asked if I'd ever been to Real Sports Bar and Grill, and I responded in the negative, he said "well that's it then - we're going!"

The event? Game 4 of the Stanley Cup final. And where better to witness such a spectacle? Well that depends on what makes a great night for you as an individual. 

When we first walked in, I was totally overwhelmed by the size of the place. Our first destination was the second floor. The incredible big screen TV was a sight to behold. Just unbelievable. The MLSE Alumni tables with their own beer taps made my jaw drop. 

But that's pretty much where the end of the fun started. 

Every table on the main floor was "reserved" even though half the seats were never occupied until well after the game began. Paying $10 per beer was ridiculous. The asking price of $54 for 2 pounds of wings was beyond "over the top", and the service was mediocre at best. 

It's clear MLSE runs the bar as just another part of the MLSE corporate sting. It's not about the client, it's about the $$$. And that's disappointing. 

If you've never been, it's worth a visit. Every sports enthusiast needs to witness that screen. But as far as I'm concerned, one visit is enough. Taking out a second mortgage on the house isn't worth the view. That's why we ended up at Montana's for the third period ;-)笑
Location is great, nachos sucked, good selection of overpriced beers. Good atmosphere, TVs everywhere, definetly need to make a reservation, we sat at the bar but got lucky in finding those spots.I am content because of how close we were to the ACC.笑
Bartenders have no idea what they are charging you for. Don't know how to handle a group (more than 2 people). Over charged and charged for things we didn't order. Plus had no idea about what they were doing or even how to make a caeser... Crazy!! Don't go without checking your bill!!! Rip off! Worst bar in Toronto (screen excluded)笑
Awesome place to have a few beers and a snack before hitting a concert (or whatever they normally do) at the Air Canada Centre. (We were there to see RUSH!)

We sipped on a few Molsons (or I guess they call them Canadians) and they were nice and fresh from the tap.

Our bartenders / waiters were cool also (Colleen? & Meagan?)

Ordered cheeseburger spring rolls and they were awesome! Pretty on the plate, too. Also, ordered the sweet potato fries. The fries were good, but the dipping sauce (can't remember what they called it - maybe a spice aioli?) wasn't that good. Tasted more like mayo. 

We actually came back to the bar after the show and had a few more drinks and enjoyed their calamari. It was very good (from what I remember)   :)

The place is huge - got packed - but still felt open. The bathrooms were very nice and had the cool Dyson hand dryers! 

I think it would be great to watch sports there. They even have tvs turned up and down !笑
Service was horrible, food was terrible.  Server made mistake after mistake without apologies, would disappear and take forever to show up, had an attitude, and then we got stuck with 18% automatic gratuity for the awful service.  Which explained why she didn't care as she knew she was getting a tip anyway.  Hey Real Sports, if you are going to charge 18% tip (on a table of 6) then give decent service!   I would not go back even if the bill was taken care of by the house.

Update: Restaurant contacted me and apologized which is rare and so I will consider giving them another chance. 
+1 star for follow up笑
Enormously disappointing. As my GF notes "My beer was warm and my fries were cold." The cause of the warm beer might be the fact the waitress left our drink order sitting at the end of the bar for about 15 minutes. That waitress we barely saw during our dinner. Actually, it was lucky my GF paid as I would have tipped no more than 5% on such an awful #fail night. Right. So, other delights. The place is loud. My fish and chips were nearly inedible. I only manged to eat about 2/3s of my fish. Never been to a place that can't do at least a half edible fish and chips. The highly touted 40 taps or whatever has some of the most unimaginative beer selections on the planet. Oh. And the washrooms are dirty. Both males and females (my GF had the same complaint).笑
What a cool place! It's got a great vibe and is truly a great place to catch a game with friends. The food is spectacular, fresh and flavourful. The wait staff are friendly and efficient as well. Located right in maple leaf square, with plenty of parking close by, and easily accessible by transit. If you can't make it to the raptors or maple leafs game, catch it at real sports...just make a reservation far in advance!笑
no love in this club

Don't you love that I can go from eating a $200 meal on a Thursday to munching on footlong hotdogs on the Friday.  It's how I roll.  You want to roll with this.

So, a few weekends ago I rolled into North America's #1 sports bar.  We Torontonians thought it would be superfun to show some out-of-towners Real Sports before the game.

Unfortunately, as soon as I walked in I realized I should have done my due diligence.  It seems sometime in the intervening timeframe since I was last there, Real has turned into a club.  No, not literally, but you wouldn't know that just by walking in.  

My senses were expectedly overstimulated, but my ears, my poor ears - tremendously overwhelmed.  It was so loud the hostess couldn't even hear me.  When I finally made it to the table, my ears were ringing.

I'm not pulling a Debbie Downer, the music was legitamately too loud for a bar; screaming across the table doesn't really work at 6 pm on a weekday.  

Now, other than that, the service was average and the food was tasty.  I especially enjoyed my hot dog:  Footlong goodness of weiner, pulled pork, coleslaw and a bun (with fries...always with fries)笑
My soup was cold ! It wasn't hot ! 
The waitress charged us for  coffee refills ! 
Our square table with swivel black vinyl chairs were uncomfortable ! Great atmosphere, good grilled chicken sandwich; mini sliders; beer & coffee ! I'm giving 4 stars ! I will be back to check their soup !笑
Awesome spot to watch a game or UFC fight. Really doesn't get any better with all atmosphere and location. The food, especially the wings are great. My only issue was they didn't serve pitchers which is very odd. The prices are a little steep but you pay for the overall environment.笑
Ask just about any other bar if you can watch something besides the Leafs when they're playing and you're going to get shouted down by angry staff. Here, no problem. Came here with a coworker and asked if we could have one of the many TVs at the bar turned to the Bulls game and within seconds, our bartender did just that without fuss. Glorious. 

If you're a tourist, this is probably the best place to watch a Maple Leafs game in Toronto. Tons of TVs including a giant screen TV in the main seating arena, great crowd that gets loud when the game is on.

The food here is great by bar standards. The pulled pork poutine was absolutely amazing and is something I might travel back to Toronto for alone. Service can be a lost art in a place of this size but on a busy Thursday night with the place packed, we never waited long. Definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Toronto, looking forward to my next visit.笑
3.5 stars.

The atmosphere was rad here, however we couldn't be seated at a single table in the lounge area because the whole effin' thing was reserved for football more than an hour later...

We talked the hostess into seating us, as we promised we would be out in an hour. The nachos were tasty, with superfluous cheese (just the way  I like them), but by the time we were finished, we were asked to vacate our table. We were getting dirty looks from many patrons, even though we were paying customers?!!

Most places I know don't take rezzo's anymore. First come, first served, bitches. Get over it... Not sure why they would block off the entire lounge when there are people chomping at the bit to get in. Lame. And they have to be losing money because of it.笑
Went before the Bosox - Jays game.  Food was impressive for a sports bar.  Good selections and not your usual burgers and wings fare.  Three in my group had the pulled pork sandwich, one had a burger and I had the sliders.  All were really good.  Good service.

It was crowded for a Tuesday early evening but that being said there were events on at both the ACC and Rogers Center.  I will definitely go again as I want to try the seared ahi napoleon.笑
I came here during a visit Toronto and I will come back if I am ever in town again. The menu has a lot of options and the vibe is good. We came during a busy time so service was a little slow but the food was good and the drinks were decent. I ordered the blacked chicken naan wrap. It didn't taste like the blackened chicken I'm used too BUT it was seasoned and the garlic fries were really good!笑
A couple of weeks ago I was able to join some friends on a Friday evening to check out the Jays games and also to soak in the ambiance at this upnotch sports bar.

Our group of 6 were seated at one of the cozy looking lounge booths, (YES!!) which I already had my eyes on when going through the pics on their website. And our booth also gave us a clear enough  view of the giant screen, not to mention the multitude tv screens set up all-around over the walls. Whichever way we looked we sure didn't miss much of the action during the game.

My friends and I would probably agree that the one element that gave our time a this place strong positive boost for that Friday was our server. He was probably one of their best staff on hand that evening. So although a reservation had been made a month in advance to get a spot for game night, one of the hostesses informed us that we could only get our booth til 8pm, just two hours and we would have to move to a different spot. When a couple of us mentioned this to our server as an ice-breaker, he went to check up on this slight mishap and returned to let us know that we had secured our spot for the rest of the night. Really excellent turn out! 
And for the rest of our evening he was very attentive and patient with our orders for drinks and food and also was able to answer any inquiries that we asked regarding our choices from the menu. I wondered if a different server could have been as professional and thorough as him. He really made our time at the real sports bar an enjoyable one.

Our meals were also excellent. Any doubts I had about quality dishes was completely changed as soon as our appetizers arrived at our table. The Real Sports Nachos came out looking like a miniature hill piled high with all of its main topping including a generous amount of pulled pork that we added on. The house made guacamole came in a little tortilla shell placed right at the pinnacle of the hill of nachos.
The sweet potato fries were also a hit, we finished the first order so quickly that we order a second one which was also devoured just as fast.

Once our appetites got going by the appetizers we moved on to the entrées which came out rather quickly. All six of us ordered something different: The Real Sports Burger, The Breakfast Burger, the Hawaii Five-O Burger, Fish and Chips, Rice Bowl with Salmon and Rice Bowl with Chicken. And each dish was well-assembled. And everyone liked their meals. We were awed by how big the haddock filet looked on my friends plate and almost everyone oogled over how dainty the egg looked on the breakfast burger. I had a moment where I was wondering how I'd eat my meal without wrecking the sunny colored yolk. I ended up cutting it in half and take one-half of it home in their "trendy-looking" take-out bags

For what I can only say would be a once-in-a-lifetime experience, I certainly enjoyed my time at the Real Sports Bar. Even if the Jays not securing an upper hand that evening sort of sank the vibe of the sports-goers at that joint, the exceptional service and great quality of the food more that made up for what I could only notice as an atmosphere of disappointment created on part by the supporters of the Blue Jays.
I truly believe that luck was on our side for the awesome dining experience we savored that evening. Thank you team at the Real Sports Bar and Grill!!笑
I had a good time at Real Sports. I ordered the Prestige burger. It was very small but it was so good. Just sucked that I wasn't full. It is also very loud in there, which makes sense as it's a sports bar. But if you are looking for something where you can actually have a conversation at a reasonable voice level, than this isn't the place.笑
Always good food but servers are very slow and could work on being a bit more friendly. Other then that then the food is really good so I reccomnd it笑
Best chicken wings I have ever had, including the original bar where buffalo wings were reportedly invented. I found myself in Toronto on a Sunday afternoon very hungry for football and sports. I asked around and every person offering suggestions directed me at least in part to the real sports bar. The selection of beers is excellent as is the food. The atmosphere was rockers and energetic. The bartender help me score tickets to the hockey game which was an added bonus.笑
Sitting here at RS as I write this review because I have to get this out.... WORST WINGS EVER.... if you are the type that like your Buffalo Wings coated 2" thick with bread and then coated with sticky sweet sauce that is suppose to be "HOT'"... this is your place... the sauce is secondary, but the breaded coating is absolutely gross... it's like something that you buy at the frozen section of a bargain price grocery store....笑
Disclaimer - I almost didn't review Real Sports Bar. I thought it unfair, since I am NOT the typical patron for this establishment. This review is specifically for girlfriends of guys who want to go to a Sports Bar*:

Ladies, if your boyfriend suggests Real Sports Bar, RUN. RUN AND HIDE. 

I found myself here last Saturday for lunch because the line up for the Aquarium was too long. 

I have been to sports bars before, but nothing like this in Toronto. 
Real Sports Bar was reminiscent of a New York city sports bar during the Super Bowl playoffs. Only last Saturday at Real SB we were watching... COLLEGE FOOTBALL.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL!!! at FULL VOLUME, on like 1,000 screens!

The ambience is futuristic. Monitors everywhere, LED sports scores running across the ceiling like a stock ticker. But OMG SO LOUD!!!!

The service isn't amazing, but our waitress was very nice and peppy. The place was packed, so I don't blame her for not bringing salt, or ketchup. BTW I can't believe there wasn't salt on the table. Kind of a bold move for a place that doesn't serve stellar food. 
Even the fries needed salt!

We had: 
Sliders to start - These were good. 

Asian chicken salad - Meh. It was fine. Iceburg lettuce, sort of tasted like it was from a bag. The Chicken breast was really big.

Buttermilk chicken tenders - These were disgusting. The batter tasted like it had turned, they needed salt and hot sauce. I didn't know it was possible to make something deep fried taste so bad. 




(*I know some ladies are in to sports. This is the opinion of one girl who is not.)笑
short review - i'd rather watch the game at home

long review - blugh very unimpressed. i came here recently for a friend's bday on a friday night to watch a hockey game (full disclosure, i'm from ottawa and it was a senators game), and came away feeling queasy and vowing to never return.

i was obviously impressed at the giant screen when i arrived, as i'm certain that most people are. however, the giant screen is super-useless if you're anywhere close to front of the bar, and if you're there to watch the main game, then you have to resort to watching the much smaller tvs which are above the bar. there was a group of us sitting at a table, and we realized that for some reason there are no tvs on one whole side of the bar. this meant that half of my group had to choose between watching the game or talking to friends. and having a giant tv is cool, but so is play-by-play. i don't really understand a sports bar prioritizing music over the game.

anyways, enough whining about the tv situation, on to the food and drinks! oh what's that you say? those were terrible too? yes. yes they were. having a huge beer list is not impressive when all the options are mediocre. is it too much to ask for some local beers on the menu rather than heineken and 1664? i tried my girlfriend's caesar and while i appreciated the pepperette that came with it, the drink itself was weak and lacked spice.

full disclosure - my friends and i did not order any main courses, apps only. the nachos were very lacking in toppings and the chips were stale. the wings were huge, but that's because they had an inch-thick layer of breading. the calamari was actually ok, but my stomach was already angry at me for eating a pound of breading.

i don't know. maybe i'm being too harsh, but i'd much rather go to a bar with decent, well-priced food, tvs that i focus on without feeling motion sick, and a beer menu that suits my taste.笑
For guys looking for big screen size, this is the IT place right now. Boasting the largest screen in Canada, this is definitely the place to go if you want the next best thing to the real thing. If you can't score tickets to the live games, might as well go to a place where you are surrounded by hard core fans that are in the same predicament.

I've been there three times. The first time we got ushered into a section away from the large screen and 6 or 7 of us squeezed into this large booth. We couldn't see any screens other than the small screen right in our booth. The second time I was there with work people and they could only fit us into the area right by th entrance bar where we had no view of the big screen. The third time, yet another booth and I incidentally heard that there is a virtual golf machine on the premise somewhere.

As for the food, its adequate for a sports bar. The buffalo chicken fingers  and wings are respectable. Their sweet potatoe fries and nachos are good. However if you are going there, it def isn't for the food. I think jack astors has better food.

As for the waitresses, they are young, cute, and some are inexperienced. They are very friendly and personable however.

Overall, its a nice new alternative to the usual places like keg, jacks, or irish pub. Location wise, its fairly close to the downtown core.

Its a good casual hangout and definitely worth going to see games on the big screen.笑
Food was good. Went there for lunch. Service was ok, could have been better. 
Would probably go back, great place to hang out.笑
Gotta check it out if you haven't been. If you like watching sports this is the place. The food is also pretty good笑
Good beer selection but that's the highlight. Fries were cold and limp. Veggie burger was just weird - double patty served in an entire head of iceberg lettuce. Asked for a bun instead. That was cold too. And super slow service. Fun place to watch the game - two stars for tv screens everywhere - but I'd eat first before I visit again.笑
This place is another MLSE product and so don't have high expectations from it! lol..

I've been going to this place since it opened (as I have a few friends who live above at MLS), and I've seen this place deteriorate in service through its beginnings. 

First of all MAKE RESERVATIONS 2 WEEKS IN ADVANCE during the NHL / NBA seasons. Yeah seriously FML!  Everytime I am there they have a ton of open tables with reserved cards on them, and the table stays empty for my entire duration there, but can't be given away! Their restaurant economics must be fantastic to accord them the luxury of leaving tables open.

Second: The large "TV" - Its just a high def projector screen. The picture quality is sharp tho no doubt, but they falsely advertise it as a tv. However, if you are just visiting Toronto, do step into the place to check it out as it is neat. The best place is the bathroom, which has tv's in every stall / booth, so you don't miss a second of the game! lol.. I do like the ambiance and it is a well put together joint, just not a well run one.

The service plain old STINKS! The waitresses are not that attractive anymore and usually just stand around doing nothing (sorry for being so superficial, but I mean, it is a sports bar!) Their food is good, but it is expensive for bar food, so although taste is up there, not much bang for your buck.

I give this place 2 stars cause they have amazing wings, pulled pork and 199 tvs. lol笑
Pulled pork poutine. MUST have. Generous on the pulled pork, cooked to the perfect consistency where it's tender and juicy. Potatoes are hand cut daily and fried PERFECTLY. Crispy on the outside, soft and steamy on the inside.

Such a man cave though. They've got a giant projector showing different games. If you're planning to go watch a big televised game, I would recommend going early to get a booth. There's plenty of tables and seats, but those booths are where the magic happens... (creepy laugh)...

Drink-wise, I would say trust the waiters if you have no idea. If you give them some idea of what drinks you like, they'll recommend a good cocktail or beer to your liking. They're VERY knowledgable and they're not like those fake waiters who have scripted lines for items on their menu. I would even go to the extent of saying that they've probably tried everything on the menu as a part of their training (wouldn't doubt it)! Try their old fashioned (or more like new fashioned). Very different... Cinnamon-y...笑
I'd give this place 3.5 stars. Their food isn't anything special and their service is very slow. We ordered the steak frites medium rare and unfortunately it came out more medium to medium well. I took my boyfriend here due to the atmosphere as he likes sports. This is the perfect place for that specific reason and for casual beers and maybe appetizers. Wouldn't really suggest a full dining experience here.笑
This place is a male sports fanatic's wet dream. Think of BWW on powerful steroids. TVs playing every event you could imagine covering nearly every square inch of wall! I am told the men's room alone has 13 flat screens... I've been in the ladies room and it sadly only has 1. 
The place is huge and fills up quickly. If there is a big game on, be sure to make a reservation, especially if you have a large party. 
If you are there to watch a somewhat obscure game (US college football), you can request specific TVs to play your game. The staff were very accommodating to our request.
The food is typical sports bar type food... nachos, burgers, fries, wings... we had the nachos and they were large and pretty good as far as nachos go. Not the best I've ever had but far from the worst. 
They have a large variety of cocktails and beer. My husband and I opted for pitchers of Molson since we knew we would be there awhile. 
I thought the place was okay, but I am a non sports fanatic female and I don't think it was created for people like me. The prices weren't too bad for downtown Toronto. I would recommend getting a cab if you stay for a few hours, those pitchers of Molson knocked me off my feet!笑
Take your average sports bar... Give it a ton of steroids... Put it in a tuxedo... Put a cherry on top.  That's Real Sports Bar.

You walk into a mall, perhaps exoecting a Dave and Busters, but the second you enter Real you'll realize you're in for a whole different experience.  Televisions everywhere you look, I'm talking hundreds of HDTVs, including several MASSIVE HD projection screens.  A very pretty wait staff, eager to bring you shots or food, also keeps you from having to fight through lines at the bar.

The bathrooms have TVs over every toilet and urinal, every sink, and every empty place in the wall.

We came during the first round of the NHL Playoffs, with a group of 20 (work outing), and it was packed, but we were still given two huge tables and everyone got a seat.  I hear that you need reservations for the big games, so be warned.

Real Sports Bar was once voted a Top 10 Sports Bar in the world, and it's easy to see why.  You have to experience it, even if only once.笑
In my opinion, the only thing impressive about this sports bar was the amount of TVs and selection of games. The bartenders were very slow with drink orders and the food was decent. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back to this one.笑
Not overly impressed. My husband and I were there on Saturday evening before the leaf game started. We had reservations and were seated in the main dining area near the bar. We pretty much had dinner with strangers to either side of us due to the close proximity of the tables. It was too loud to have any kind of conversation. Our waitress, while efficient, had a very cold demeanour, maybe she wasn't in the mood for chit chat because of how busy it was. Food was just ok (I had the chicken panini), although my husband said they serve one of the best hamburgers he's ever had. I'm sure if you're there to drink and cheer on the leafs with a bunch of other fans you'll have a decent time, otherwise I'd avoid it.笑
Visited Real Sports before and after a Leafs game!
Tried to reserve a table 4 days prior but was too late! Went anyways before the game and say at a table (not level at all) and had appy's and beer - had to leave table by 5:30 because it was reserved.
Had the Nachos and Pork Riblets which i'd highly recommend! Large selection of beers on tap and plenty of TV's.
After the game there were plenty of empty seats available. 
Only negatives I had was service was slow pregame and some of the prices were outrageous - $28 for a dozen wings!!!!!!

Fun place to go before a Leafs game!笑
This place is very "live", especially if you come here to watch a game. Ensure you make a reservation before coming! 

I personally love the atmosphere here - its very spacious and fits the description of a "sports bar" in the city. 

I ordered the fish & chips and my date had the buffalo salad. Both were quite delicious, but nothing outstanding. Just note: the fish and chips was gigantic! Also, service wasn't too bad, the waitress would come check on us at 10-15 minute intervals. 

Price-wise, this place was expensive, but the portions were quite big. All in all, if you enjoy a busy, city environment, come here by all means. Its an experience you won't soon forget.笑
Pretty good pub-grub.  I was astonished by the biggest-ass projection screen I have ever seen outside of a movie theatre.  The staff is great, the vibe is awesome (for the sports fan out there).  I also like that they cell phone charging lockers there.  

Don't miss this place if you want to watch a game.  If you don't have ticket for the Leafs game, go there!!!笑
This is my favorite place to catch a game! The four stars are all strictly due to its ambiance! Whenever I go here, I tend to order nachos or burgers. The food is good but average, nothing to rave about. Keeping in mind you are most likely distracted when eating because they have a spectacular tv.

Its kind of hard to focus on your food with a  gigantic, massive, colossal, enormous tv with intense hockey game playing in your face! I personally prefer the second level because of the tv position, because I am not straining my neck staring up at the tv. The place fills up very quickly. 

I would recommend making reservations because of its popularity! If you work downtown, this is a good place to catch an after work game with your co workers! Stones throw from Union subway and GO stations, which means drinking without driving!笑
This place is a crap shoot.

On one side, impressive and extensive yet expensive beer selection.
The food is okay, in that it is better looking on the menu and using slightly higher quality ingredients than a typical sports bar, but the flavours are pretty weak and the end results are adequate but unimpressive.

Getting a seat to watch the game is a toss up depending on when you arrive or what games are playing, and service is usually as equally questionable depending on the day/time/event. So while I'm not really a fan of this place, for some reason I continue to come back, so 3 stars seems about right.笑
Nice selection of beer! Very impressive for a sports bar, I was expecting a smaller selection. The vibe is perfect for any kind of sports. So many TV in this place, you can sit down anywhere and you'll have a great view of the game.笑
Looking for a spot to catch the Raptors game?

Of course not. It's the Raptors. 

However if you want to catch some exciting sports teams play, this happens to be the largest sports bar in Toronto. 

This might be what you come to expect at a great sports bar. Seven thousand, three hundred and nine televisions. (Ok it's Two Hundred, who's counting?) Better than average bar food. Tons of tables for you and your friends to catch the latest game across the way from the opposing teams fans. "Damn you other sports team's fans. May your team's individual who makes decisions be distracted by off the field issues and have your best player come down with a case of diarrhea."

I have only come here when there wasn't a huge game going on, so I don't know what it's like when that happens. I'd imagine it might get too packed like most big sports bars get but that be an assumption. Just realize I was here for low key games.笑
Poor service, but amazing pub food. The wings were really big and saucy, and I think I had the best hotdog of my life here (bacon wrapped footlong hotdog) if you can actually get a spot and sit it's a great time.笑
Friends of ours decided to make the reservations for this restaurant! It is a great sports bar and make sure you make reservations - right next to the Air Canada Centre so it gets packed quickly! The best part is the JUMBO TV that they measure in stories not inches! It's 2 stories tall and a great way to take in any game. 

Food was good and prices were reasonable.笑
Really nice bar! Just super, super packed. Hung out at the bar. I didn't feel I got the full experience, would love to come back and enjoy the food !笑
The best sports bar in Toronto! 

Pros:
- The TVs and atmosphere, goes without saying

- The veggie burger is the best I've ever had in my life (and I've been vegetarian for 10 years) and it's consistent every time 

- The management is very caring and responsive, I've only once ever complained about this place (via twitter) and I was promptly sent an apology and $25 gift card

Cons:
- During the NHL season it's nearly impossible to make reservations unless it's weeks in advance (but you can seat yourself in the bar area)

- I've noticed that when I'm just with one other person my service is really slow after we get our first drink and meal no matter how busy it is

- Pricey if you're a university student like myself笑
I called two weeks before arriving to make a reservation for the TCU vs Minnesota game. They called back and said that they could not stream it because they do not have a contract with US ESPN. They asked if we could cancel, which we did. It was amazing when we showed up to the bar and they were showing the games on multiple TV screens. Classy. We stayed for the game, and then they tried to shove us out at 11:30pm. We stayed until the end of the game. This was my first time to Toronto for a medical convention. I think I will stick to Vancouver. I guess this place is OK if you want to show up and see if they are broadcasting your game. Too bad there is not decent communication in management.笑
We were in town for a trip from San Francisco during the NBA western conference finals against okc. I'm a big dubs fan so we made it a priority to find the biggest TV near our hotel that would have the games on. We were here two nights out of our trip and it was everything I was looking for. There are countless screens including a giant one in the middle. Couldn't have been better aside from having a home crowd back in sf.笑
We were here last night. The place is huge and has one of the biggest tv screens I think I have ever seen in a sports bar. There are tons of tv's besides the big one. The place was packed before the Raptors game. Beer selection was good and prices were ok. The food menu was disappointing. We decided not to eat after reviewing the menu. Good place to see and be seen at.笑
I've only been once, but plan on going back again...and again even. Waitress was very pleasant, and accomodating given the fact that there was 10 of us celebrating a friend's bachelor party, heck she even made the experienece more fun by playing along. The place gets busy fast especially if theres a Leaf game on. Some bar shots on the night we went (Sat.) were $9 for a double with mix, that ain't bad at all being downtown T.O. The place loses a star due to the lack of creativity when it comes to the menu. The food was good, but a little on the pricey side and nothing special.

Encourage everyone to go and have a great time!笑
This place is HUGE! I came in expecting a regular pub with bigger-than-normal screens, what I got was a cavernous drinking hole with flashing lights and flowing rivers of alcohol. Needless to say, I liked it. 

The energy in this place was buzzing on Monday (I also went just before the Jay-Z concert, so maybe that's the reason), this was a much-needed pick-me-up right after work. The quality of the food was on par with what you'd expect at a bar downtown ..so a 7.5/10. The lighting fit the bar perfectly: it was dark enough to be intimate and bright enough for you to approach the singles scattered everywhere. 

The waitresses tried to do the best they could, but given the sheer volume of people they're serving it wasn't surprising when they messed up our orders. The waitress that was serving our table was kind enough to put the mistakes on her tab, so they're not here to scam you. Albeit the prices are high enough that they don't have to worry about a few missed meals. 

The best attraction here would have to be the sheer number of screens. No matter where you turn your head, you can watch a number of different games in progress. This is great, since I've always hated turning my neck to inhumane angles to watch a game. 

All in all, this was a fun place to hangout before Jay-Z's Magna Carta. I'd come here again, but only if there's something else going on close by. I'd just as easily go to Hoops down the street. A pub is a pub is a pub.

TL;DR: Huge place with a decent selection of foodstuffs. Main attraction: all of the screens!笑
I was there to watch the Leaf game and UFC 124 with a bunch of guys. This place is awesome to watch sports. The food is good too, and plenty of choices for beers. Prices are comparable in my opinion to places like Jack Astor's and Boston Pizza.

You do however have to get there early to get in. If you want a table, make a reservation. Don't expect to get a table right away if you don't have a reservation. I've heard for events like this past UFC 124, tables get booked at least a month in advance! (which is what we did).笑
I've actually had two birthday parties here. Both times when the Leafs were playing away games.

Food is awesome, the chicken wings are ginormous and very tasty. The burgers are great!  Service is also very good, a bit hard to find a waitress on busy nights but I'll forgive them as this place is huge in terms of space so there is a lot of ground to cover.

Other than having two of my birthdays here, I've also came to RS for UFC.  Again, no complaints.  I love it that you can't go anywhere in this place without having a huge honking screen in your face so you never, ever miss the action. The main screen on the lower floor is a sight to behold!   It's at least 4 stories high if not more.

I also love it that they take reservations on weekends, and that you can only make a reservation three weeks before the day you would like your reservation to be on.

Both of my birthdays were for 20 people on Saturday nights at 7:00pm!  RS was more than willing to accommodate.

The only thing that prevents me from going here more is that it's in the heart of downtown, parking under ACC is $30, and I live in the suburbs.  But, when I do go, I know I will enjoy it for sure!笑
This is a pretty unique sports bar. Great but expensive food, decent beer selection, and easily one of the best Bloody Caesars in the city. Tons of televisions along with one massive screen across the back wall above the bar. Pretty much the definition of "man-cave" bar; loud, dark, huge booths (if reserved in advance), tons of televisions, hot waitresses, delicious wings etc. you get the idea.笑
Without a doubt one of the biggest bars in Toronto.

Located in the heart of the sports and entertainment district, across from the Air Canada Centre and down the street from Rogers Centre, you can't help but want to visit this bar. 

This bar has two floors, 25,000 square foot of spacious seating area with always a view of some sort of event. This bar has 199 HD TV's plus a 39 foot massive HD TV center stage making it perfect for pay-per-view events such as UFC and Superbowl. 

Their food and drink inventory is massive with 126 draught taps, 14 wing flavours, and 11 gourmet burgers. Being located across from the Air Canada Centre, they have full right to take advantage of pricing. Draught beers can range from $7-$10. Wings are $14, $28, $56 depending if you want 1/2, 1 or 2 pounds and burgers are around $15. So this is definitely one of those places if you have a few bucks to throw around for a night of game watching and beer then go for it, otherwise you'll come out broke.

The restaurant is attached to office and condo complex as well as the underground path making your connection between locations easier, warmer and dryer. If you feel like pre-drinking then you can always hit up the LCBO connected to the same building and then go buy yourself a Raptors jersey at the Real Sports Store.

Overall, i'd come back any time as long as there's something entertaining to watch and mainly because of the selection of beers on tap.

Try out it, you won't be disappointed.笑
Best wings in Toronto! The wings here are amazing the flavours deliver and the scale for hot is hot. The beer is cold and the service is pretty good. You can't find a bad spot to watch the game. You may find the price a little high but it's worth the atmosphere and location. Perfect place to go before a Leafs / Raptors game.笑
The food is just normal fast food. It's normal as you can't except too much from a sport bar. The worse part is this restaurant offers the worst service. Took forever to take order. Took forever to get drinks and Water. Server completely disappeared during dinner. Need to wave to ask other server to find our server. Wrong bill at the end. Took another forever to fix the bill and then waited forever to find ppl to accept cash. Then we changed our mind to use visa just to avoid another forever to get our changes. Worst services, below average food.笑
I live in NY and we have a lot of sports bar but this place definitely tops it. From food to the best TV viewing. Those buffalo wings are awesome! make sure to get it spicy as they tend to serve it pretty light. I can't wait to come back during hockey season!笑
The food here is amazing and the massive HD screen is worth coming here to watch the Leafs win the cup....er I mean the Raptors win a playoff series...wait I mean the Jays win the World seried---- okay lets be real... you can watch the Argos win and the Toronto Rock do some real damage. TFC will be on the background somewhere.

Anyways the food here is great and I always get the Meatloaf burger which is delicious with their fries. Their chicken wings are MASSIVE and you get your moneys worth. The drinks are pricey but what do you expect when you are right next to the ACC. Sometimes you might see some Star players from local and visiting teams if you are lucky.

The servers look great and the great service is a bonus of course. They have over a million beers on tap and this is the only place I know that sells actual schooners.  Real Sports is the Real deal!笑
This plave is a fairly typical sports  bar. Price point is ok for dT is ok and  points for location since it the ideal place to go after a game for a night cap. Food is standard pub grub and drinks are a fair price point笑
While in town for the WWE Survivor Series PPV and as we were in the area of the Air Canada Centre my friend and I decided we would find somewhere to sit and watch the Bills game in the afternoon.

As it's next to the Arena and is a Sports Bar we figured it was a safe bet to place ourselves here for a few hours, we walked in and I was instantly impressed with the size of the place, reminiscent of our own "716" bar here in Buffalo. The hostess asked what game we wanted to watch ( which I thought was a quality touch ) and made sure we were seated somewhere with a good view of at least two TV's that were showing the game.

We decided to order a couple of appetizers to pick at while the game was being shown, the Popcorn Chicken and Buffalo Nacho's, once the Nacho's came out and seeing the size of them we instantly regretted ordering the second appetizer but thats OK, the Popcorn Chicken was quite tasty but the Nacho's just seemed bland to me.

Start of the third quarter we decided we had enough of a hunger to have one more bite to eat, order 2lb of Cajun Wings and the Thai Chili wings, only get 12 wings as they're HUGE wings, the Thai wings were good but the Cajun just tasted plain to me and were quite bland.

After being there for about 3 hours and eating 3 appetizers along with drinks our bill came out to just over $80 CAD which wasn't too bad.

Decent place, impressive facility and attentive service, but 2 of the 3 dishes we ate were quite bland and tasteless so I have to give them 3 stars i'm afraid.笑
I'm a huge fan of Real Sports Bar & Grill. Super Gigantic TV Screen, yummy foods, and great atmosphere. I had a gathering with bunch of old pals for a Leafs game just recently. We had an amazing time. Our server was friendly and attentive. And their customer service is super outstanding. Next morning when I checked the invoice, I realized I paid 15% on top of their auto gratuity of 18%. I called Tess and explained the situation. She processed a refund for the additional tip right away. Thank you Tess!笑
I went to RSB to check out one of the World Cup matches. I had made a reservation in advance for our group of 4.

When I arrived (15 min earlier than reservation time), the place was still only half full. I had requested a table with good view of big screen. The hostess proceeded to try to seat us at the corner table upstairs which doesn't have a view of any screen, much less the big screen.  I explained we would like to watch the game, and could we sit elsewhere (again - all other tables in the centre of section were empty).  She moved us over one table but not to the centre tables with a better view.

The match started - the best tables were still empty!  Finally other people came - not larger parties - and they split the tables and let later arrivals get the best tables.  One 4 top had a party of ONE PERSON seated at it.  Meanwhile my friends and I craned our necks to watch the game.

I can't support an establishment that can't give better customer service than this, prioritizing POTENTIAL customers over ACTUAL customers that are there and ready to watch and spend.  The food is mediocre as well, so all in all not too many reasons to catch the game here.笑
Really? Best sports bar in North America?

Things that real sports does well are quick (and I mean quick), efficient service, and the biggest flat screen TV I have ever seen.

Personally, I have a bit of a problem with the level of efficiency that they have achieved at Real Sports. I think that when it was all said in done that I know who our server was. As far as I can tell our table (and all other tables) are handled by a group of what seemed to be at least 10 people. Now I kind of know what a car must feel like going through the production line. One person took our order, another person brought us beer, another person brought our appetizer (really salty calamari), two other people brought our main dishes, another person brought our bill, and another person dealt with the mistake on our bill. 

There are two issues here. 

1) There was a mistake on our bill, and yes they did fix the mistake, but they made me feel like a real ass and did not apologize for the mistake. So while the service is good in the sense that you get what you ordered and it comes quickly. No one is really responsible for your table. No one really cares. We might as well have been served by fem-bots (yeah, I just made and Austin Powers reference). 

2) Despite the efficient service, the food was ok at best. Now I don't expect great culinary output from any sports bar, but when you pay 15 dollars for a burger and fries, it shouldn't be a little bit dry and a appear to be a PC brand frozen burger (It wasn't even the thick and juice Angus burger!). Also the $11 calamari was in my opinion overly salty, even for something that has been deep fried. Finally, the portions for just about everything were small. 

So to concluded my rant. I will probably end up going back to Real Sports just because so many people seem to think that it is the bees knees and others in my group of friends will make plans to go there. But I will not be planning anything there in the future. Despite all that it does well, it just isn't worth it in my opinion. It has NO SOUL! I guess I shouldn't really expect any differently from MLS.笑
This is a hot spot for Bay Street professionals because of its location and environment. It's a great spot for watching the game while munching on some food. Overall, the food is average, the location is great, and the environment is favourable. The wings are probably the best thing on the menu.笑
Friends have been talking about this place all summer so we dropped in for drinks and late dinner. Too bad there was no big game on, so the place wasn't full. One of the TVs near our seats was showing a rugby game with Canada in it and there was this huge tank powering through everyone so that was entertaining to watch for a while.

The schooners are a good deal and the food isn't expensive at all. We had a really friendly server, who made us feel welcome. Later on in the night, the bartender had apparently made the wrong drink for someone's order and our server brought the drink over to our table. Great experience overall.

Hopefully, I'll get to visit again sometime when there's a big event and get to experience the place when everyone's into the game. Maybe I'll revise the rating up to 5 stars then =).笑
The best tasting chicken wings in Toronto reside in this massive, gorgeously laid out sports bar. The service is slow during the busier hours, but it is always friendly and very helpful; in fact, one of my party commented that a wing was extremely small and the waitress brought him two freshly made ones to make up for it. 

Sports fans will dig the massive TVs surrounding a theatre-sized main screen that can be seen from almost every angle of the main open concept room. There are private dining tables for a more intimate affair, and a second floor with more than enough tables to accommodate big parties. 

Excellent drink selection. Excellent food choices that will satisfy any fan of burgers, pulled pork, and typical bar fare done right.笑
Prices are a bit high, service slow but good environment.I really enjoyed sipping on a delicious drink while watching basketball on the big screen!笑
I've been to Real Sports Bar several times, and though the girls working the door could use some lessons in customer service, it's my favourite place in Toronto to grab a beer and burger to watch a game - any game, thanks to the seemingly infinite number of television screens in the place.

When I've made reservations, I've been seated  in the 'dining area' where the booths have private TV screens and iPod docking stations. Nice, but not as lively as the main bar area, where I've sat when arriving without prior reservations (one rare time I got a table for two almost immediately; other times had to stake out a few spots and snag some bar seating 30-60 minutes after arriving).

The food is standard pub fare - burgers and fries are usually done well. Poutine could be better if they used cheese curds rather than pieces of melted mozzarella.  Nacho platters are massive.笑
THE BEST CAESER IN THE CITY!!!!!!!!!!! service can be subpar depending on your server; otherwise it's like a milestones meets sports bar. all my friends rea;lly love it. the food i had there wasn't bad, but it's the caeser that's the winner. i find myself craving for it on a regular basis.笑
Pretty cool place. A lot of TV's. Seriously there are hundreds. I didn't watch TV for 3 months after leaving this place, I'm not kidding.

Every time I've been the place has been packed. Business is good. The decor is solid (despite all of the tv's) and I really like the bathrooms. Good bathrooms mean a lot to me, and I'm not sure why.. 

..Anyhow my knowledge of the food is limited. I've only gone for the nacho's to match my drinks. They were pretty run of the mill, nothing amazing, but I was satisfied. They charge a premium for drinks it can get a little expensive.

My waitress was snobby. I always hate that. It was truly busy so I understand sort of understand where she was coming from, but no need to 'get wise'. 

Probably one of the best sports bars, give it a chance if you're into that.笑
$26 for a pound of wings?! I don't care if these wings were plucked from a golden goose. That's crazy.笑
I was told it's the best sports bar in North America. I had a different experience when I went. I came in, felt like I was being judged even though I was actually dressed up. I took my jacket off and the reception warmed. Still the jacket wasn't dirty or torn - super comfortable hoodie. Then I was told to go to the bar which I did. It took 15 minutes to get the attention of the bartender. I had a Long Island Iced Tea. - It was perfect - took 30 minutes to get. The bartender seemed new - very cute and friendly - didn't ask me if I needed another drink. I requested to order food. Ordered the cheddar loaded meatloaf with whipped potatoes and green beans - sounded awesome - when she took the order she said it came with a side, which amazed me since it came with two. I ordered the sauteed mushrooms and onions. It took 30 more minutes to get the food. I looked down and was shocked - I did have mushrooms and onions, which were delicious. The green beans and whipped potatoes were absent - green beans were replaced by Broccoli Raab and carrots (Ice Cold) The meatloaf was burnt - outside was inedible - I don't mind a little crusty crunch but it was black. I asked why it was so different from what I ordered. She took my food into the kitchen (Which always makes me nervous) She came out and said that because I ordered the onions and mushrooms I wasn't supposed to get what I thought I ordered. That shocked me, I ordered it mostly for the whipped potatoes and green beans. I'd have never ordered the onions and mushrooms if I knew it was going to jack my order up. I left feeling unsatisfied and hungry.笑
If I ever need to watch any game from a bar, it would be here. There is a screen in every direction that you turn your head, even if you happen to be looking away from the gigantic screen above the center of the bar. Ensures you don't miss anything, and the general reaction from the crowd will let you know if you did. It takes a specific mindset to walk into here because it's usually distraction overload from all the screens and different games that can be on at one time. The service is great, with the server checking in on us periodically but leaving us pretty much alone after we got our drinks and started watching the game. 

Food is typical bar food with the usual selections. The deep-fried cauliflower smothered in buffalo sauce and blue cheese provides a daily dose of vegetables to go alongside a good selection of typical beers. I would suggest asking what is on their rotating tap if you are bored of the usual. The sweet potato fries are good also.笑
Even though this place has been reviewed a million times, I felt like I had to write my two sense to counteract some of the ridiculous reviews on here! I dont think it's fair to give a sports bar 2 stars simply because you don't like sports bars! I mean really....it has "sports bar" in the name.  That's like going to a Japanese restaurant and giving it one star because you don't like sushi....ridiculous.

.end rant.

All that being said, this place is a ridiculous experience as far as sports bars goes, and a good one at that.  There are a million tvs everywhere, with one major sports game on at any given time.  The atmosphere is great if you're watching a game you're into (or even if you're not) because you're surrounded by other people equally into it.  

The food is pretty good for bar food, not the best ever, but certainly really good for bar food. A highlight was definitely the nachos which are some of the best I've had...no skimping on the cheese or toppings here.  Some have commented that it's a bit expensive....but for Toronto I really don't find it that bad.  It's certainly not cheap, but sandwiches and burgers run in the 12 dollar range, and beer between 6 and 8 which is kind of what you would expect from any upscale bar downtown.  And you're paying for the experience....it's not a normal bar.  The prices are worth the experience, in my opinion.

All in all, an awesome experience definitely worth checking out IF YOU LIKE SPORTS BARS.  Make reservations or get there early cause this place is packed.笑
Listen - all I can say is that Toronto has been craving a place like this since the dawn of time.  Thank God, Praise Jesus, Bless Allah, Kiss your Budha, hell burn a cross ...  do what ever you gotz to do and get your ass down to see this bar.  I am beyond happy and finally satisfied at some of the building and thought out architecture, location and intelligent city planning to bring together this venue (capacity 1000) just steps into the ACC holding 19,800 for 41 (+5 pre-season) Raptor and as many Leafs games a year.  Not to mention every other Rogers Centre event and Jay's game.  
I don't really know where to begin - so bullet points from walking in the door:

- gazing into a giant room probably 40 feet high with what they term the largest HD screen in North America ...
- surrounded by what seems like hundreds of other screens ... all varieties of sports yet seemingly symetrical and appropriately dispursed for viewing pleasure
- large cushy booths with private screens
- a second level with a long curved balcony overlooking the floor below.  i'd guess 20 wicked lazy boys staring into a pure floating glass bannister to view the big screen and entire wall of TVs
- private TVs in a layer above, also OK to link in any laptop (and given High Speed Internet wired or wireless), or gaming console ..
- golf simulator game $35/hr (says takes 2.5hrs for 4 drunk guys to play 18 at Pebble Beach)
- of course the bathrooms are riddled with electronics and displays
- private leather couch lounge areas with fire places and of course their own TVs
- apparel store outside (blah, blatent cash grab ... but hey why not)
- floating walls to seperate and enable private bookings and parties 
- there was a small rush of people as we arrived (maybe 10 groups of 2) and they amply had 2 hostesses, a server AND the manager seating people quickly while a smiley and friendly doorman/security/dude greeted you and said 'hey man just a quick moment', but the reality is was that i needed that time to take it all in and gaze in wide wonder, at the joy i had found ... dinn dinnn din din.
so ... my new and improved rating system (please feel free to send me notes on this - i.e. categories or groups of categories)

- food  9.5/10
- style and decor:  10/10
- ambiance and vibe: 7/10 (obviously this one is hugely dependent on volume of ppl, i.e. go before/after any game or event and busy crazy ... i popped by on a rainy Sunday afternoon)
- cleanliness & presentation: 9/10
- service & timing: 8/10
- company (as in the people you're with companions) and conversation: 9/10 :)

See pics at:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Real-Sports/139336102759549?ref=ts&v=wall#!/album.php?aid=25287&id=139336102759549 

This will be my new home before and/or after every game.
UFC - hello.

I'm so sorry I hadn't checked this out sooner (as I just don't dig on the Jays) and hockey/basketball seasons haven't started quite yet.  

Sensational!  Dammmn.

Oh - shit - what we ate.....

The Voodoo Shrimp appetizer was out of this world.  Minced veggies in some crazy, lasting, tangy spices with 6 large peeled shrimp and a couple toasty twisted breads for dipping goodness ... i lapped the rest up with a spoon right out of the hot plate.

Bit boring, but weren't hungry, pulled pork sandwich and spicy chicken sandwich.  The chicked was literally dripping with delicious sauce yet the bun had a magical outer shell that was soft enough on the pallet (unlike that evil but delicious Captain Crunch) but hard on the sauce.

NOT typical bar food.  Healthier versions and chef prepared foods you love (and cook yourself like all the way to slow roasted baby back ribs) and yet not crazy stupid ridiculous gourmet restaurant prices.  Like Keg level at most ($30-39), and still fine dishes in the $13-20.

I won't even get into the beers.  Cocktails and the rest sure - a whole menu ... but this bar makes you want to drink beer.  The only menu in the city that rivals it is Bier Market.  

The only loser in all of this ... Harbour Sports.  I hope there's enough business willing to dart across highway traffic in the bitter cold Canadian winter to keep you afloat.  Your pyrmaid of chicken balls just ain't looking so crash hot anymore.笑
I like this place. There are very few sports bars in the city that actually has good food. This is a great place to go when you want to hang out, watch sports, have a date or just relax. The place is trendy, but there is no dress code. You are not obligated to wear stilettos n sexy skirt dressing to impress, like you are going to glam place like Suser Lee. And if you are a gentleman, welcome to wear your best suit or  toss around Jeans T shirt and baseball cap, you won't be judged. Also the waitresses and hostess are very friendly, I have had a few unpleasant experiences at front door and inside of restaurants in Toronto the past. The Moxie's and Joy on Don Mills both represent the inconsistency of service; miss match from what they present their decor to their food and service. RS bar only hires attractive ppl at front, but they are all well trained and very nice to talk to at front. They do not give you attitude even though I could see or at least expect that from the most popular bar in town. I have tried to make reservation for RS bar so many times in the past, half of times the place was already fully booked. Those girls could easily make a big deal about assigning you seats when you requesting some. 

MY ADVICE to this place is:------------RESERVATION AT LEAST 2-3 ahead! AND make sure you ARRIVE ON TIME. (They delete reservation in the system after 15 min). You definitely need reservation if you are going any time after 6pm. Sometimes sports season like Super Bowl or has important game, you better reserve at least 1 week ahead. I tried to book in Jan this year close to Super Bowl, they said the place was fully booked for 2 weeks. When went this week on Wednesday night, the place was pretty much full with only two tables were available. I am glad I booked it. 

Their food that I have tried and loved so far: Fish n Chips, Pulled pork nachos, Buttermilk chicken tenders. The fish they serve is HUGE, it comes in 1 piece, thick, battered and fried to golden. It doesn't have thick crispy hard shell, more like light shell with tender and juicy white fish inside. It's as big as 3-4 pieces of fish you get from usual sports bar. I don't think I was ever able to finish it on my own every time I ordered it. I got my gf hooked on this dish, when I took here there for the first time, since then she has always been ordering it. Their chicken tenders are very good, you get a lot of chicken, they are juicy and as their name described they are tender even though they were fried. You can order dipping on the side if dont want them be coated. Lately I have been ordering their Pulled Pork Nachos, this is surprisingly a good dish on earth, you get a LOT of pork, cheese, jalipino peppers and green onion. They are SOO GOOD!

It's clearly a place that can please to anyone and have huge appeal to the mass and different age group. I am sure you would have a great time when you go.笑
Went here for the first time on January 14/16 before the Toronto Rock home opener and absolutely loved it!  Everything about it! The salmon is to die for and I don't even like salmon! Seriously. I'm going back there tonight before the Raptors game and I can't wait!  I plan to make it a regular thing before games because I'm a Rock season ticket holder. I love the place! 5 stars and 2 thumbs up all day long!笑
The atmosphere and food is awesome here.  U can't go wrong with watching sports on the biggest screen I've seen in a sport bar. However, I believe they are under staffed. Waitresses are nice but you can hardly find her.笑
Horrible food, nachos soaking in oil, poutine is filthy, gravy is burnt, lots of TV screens to keep your mind off the food!!!笑
Awesome place!! Love the large screen.... Watched the El Classico game with friends here and it was awesome.... 

Great environment and perfect service!! I would recommend this place for anyone looking to watch a soccer game with friends!!

The food was descent but the big ass tv is the highlight of the lunch..笑
"The Best Sports Bar in North America" as rated by yours truly and ESPN.
http://m.espn.go.com/wireless/story?storyId=6809685&hcId=6809535
  
The place is a sports fan's wet dream.  27 screens (as long as I can count correctly) on their main wall with flat panels in each booth (with a channel selector), is right across from the Air Canada Centre, and has nice looking waitresses with tasty food. 

The only drawback is that during home games, you're not going to find a seat.  But it's a great place to catch away games in the presence of  avid Leafs and Raps fans!
 
When in the T-dot, visit Real Sports Bar.  The sports lover in you (or your significant other) will not regret it one bit.笑
As per my cousin, this is the best sport bar in North Amercia.  

Normally I'm not a fan of sport bar but decided to go just to see "the best sport bar in North Amercia" myself.  I was presently astonish by how good the food quality was.  Yum...

As a bonus, it's a great spot to spot cute boys too!! ;)笑
Always a pleasure. Great service, good food, lots of TV's and most importantly a great crowd of fans. This is the best place to watch sports if you can get a seat!笑
Awesome design of this place, all around the sports watcher (yes!). We were given great seats to watch some NFL on Sunday night. They do have some specials, but the wings are insanely expensive, I thought it was a typo or something. I want to say it was over $20 for a dozen wings. They are massive and somewhat decent wings, but still, come on.

Decent beer selection, and was a good place to watch the game. The service was very hit or miss, but overall I'd go back.笑
Complete downgrade after my last visit - easily the worst customer service experience ever. It's too bad... I used to to like the Real Sports Bar and held a number of work functions there. Never again.

I arrived with a friend on a Thursday evening around 10:30 pm. The bar was dead so we were seated quickly. The waitress told us the kitchen closes at 11pm so we proceeded to order immediately. 

About 10:45, we are now told it's last call. WTF???? Their website displays a closing time of 2am. I asked the server why it's last call so early and was told the labor costs would be too high given how slow it is. As a customer, I didn't need to be told about their financials - STRIKE 1.  We each order one last beer.

Food arrives quickly and we are told the restaurant is closing in 15 minutes and WE HAVE TO LEAVE. Then security comes by and tells us again. STRIKE 2. After multiple dirty looks, we are told we have 5 minutes left. We still have a full drink each that they just served us. 

STRIKE 3 - The server brings my friend a "to go" container for her food... hint, hint. Once again, we are reminded a few times we have to leave.

Within minutes... the server begins arguing with us (and very loudly) that we shouldn't have ordered another drink. Why the hell did you serve it? Maybe the server should have mentioned that it's last call and you have to chug your beer. This waitress should be fired in my opinion. Terrible attitude.

Absolutely no concern for the customer.... it was incredibly clear that the staff wanted to leave early and we were in the way. I wish the hostess would have told us at the very beginning they were going to close early - I would have happily went elsewhere.

I will never return and cancel all future company events here.    

BK笑
A REAL sport bar.

I would only come here with anyone only if I want to watch a game or 2 together. If not, I would be ignore the whole night... as with NFL seasons a few games showing the same time. 

Service was super attentive. Our waitress was checking on us every 10 minute. My friend seemed to enjoy that. Maybe I should ask him if he needs anything every 10 minute from now on....

$28.75 for a dozen of Ultimate Chicken Wings. Those are mega size and super meaty. But definitely not worth that price tag.

Pork Ribs Sliders and Queos Spring Rolls both were meh.

Dessert though ended up being the best out of everything we ordered!

Beer selection though decent and of course all these tvs and the huge screen! 

I will be back for beer and game actions. But not for the food.

And I will drag my NFL obessed friend during hockey playoff season so I can watch my games and just ignore him the whole evening.笑
The atmosphere here is great to watch a game. Service is hit or miss depending on how busy they are, which majority of the time is very busy. Make sure you make a reservation well in advance or else you will be waiting around 30 min to an hour for a table. My problem with Real Sports Bar is that their menu is severely overpriced. $28 for a pound of wings 54.50 for 2. (ESPN NFL analyst voice) C'MON MAN! That's just straight up robbery.笑
If you think you're going to get a seat here on a game night...you're not. Unless you come early. The beer selection is decent, and the food is good. But the main reason to come here is because they play the big games that you want to see. 
Big drawbacks are that it's expensive, and it's crowded...unless you go on a weeknight...when the leafs aren't playing.
Overall it's a nice layout and despite the price, i like it!笑
This review was based on a Saturday night when no big games were in-progress, accordingly this were slow.  However, it was still self-evident that Real Sports Bar & Grill has a great business going.  Little wonder why it was selected 2010 ESPN's Best Sports Bar in North America.

First off the massive screen that is the center piece of Real Sports is straight out of Jerry Jones' Cowboy Stadium.  It's large screen and crisp resolution provide a larger than life perspective on sports that is just mesmerizing.  Not to be out done by rows of much smaller screens lining the perimeter of the largest screen providing a welcome home even for those with acute cases of sports-related attention deficit disorder.  The servers are knockouts through and through.  When I visited there were few people so I can't know if the highly attentive service can be replicated when the bar is jumping with a Toronto Maple Leafs home game being played next door in the Air Canada Centre.

When it comes to beer there is an astonishing selection of mass market and craft beers on-top.  When you go, mix it up and order something you never heard of just to expand your palate and appreciate of the domestic and international selections.  The pulled pork sandwich I ordered was simply alright.  Not sure if should expect more, but I was from a place with the prestige of Real Sports.  However, once you spend any time here, you realize food is truly secondary.  The first draw in the multi-level cathedral to professional sport spectating.  If the Romans in their heyday had another crack at it, the most clever among them may have dreamed up Real Sports as a way to appease the masses in search of their next fix of bold, hard hitting sports action.  Works for me, so mark me down as a fan.笑
Atmosphere is here great with the huge screens and over 100 tv's.

Food is ok. They got rid of my favorite salad (bring back the Wimbleton) and portions got smaller and pricing has gone up.
But typical food pub and average or above average prices.

Service is a hit and miss. I think I will get good service 50% of the time. I really think women waitresses hate serving woman clientele. They are not nice or attentive.

One server just took away the dessert place that was almost finished but wasn't. She didn't ask if my friend was done with the plate but intend just took the plate with no eye contact or communication whatsoever:

You chose to serve so give better customer service!!笑
If you like sports, this place is awesome.  Just got back from watching sunday football at this place from 1pm to 4pm.  On the big screen they will share screentime between different games.  They first had football, then CFL, then raptors, then back to football.  There is a screen everywhere you look.  For us, they had all NFL games playing on at least one tv within view.  

The food was okay.  The hot wings were good, but not that hot, and the nachos were decent, but without much toppings.  The service was good and friendly.  

We had good seats, but not all seats are within view of the big screen, so I guess experience depends partially on where you sit.

This place could be 5/5 if you're a sports fan, but 2/5 if you're not.      

Derek笑
I have been here before on separate occasions but the most recent was quite a disaster. I came with a large group of people,  and knowing how busy this bar is we made a reservation months in advance. When we got there,  our reservation was somehow split up to half of the party upstairs and the other half downstairs. They apologized and quickly resolved that issue, but it also took over half an hour for most of our party to receive their drink orders. After our food arrived which was delicious , our waiter just disappeared for a good hour . So here we are meals done, glasses empty, just wishing we could get the bills and leave. The bills were another disaster, a couple people were charged double for their meals and everyone was billed for things they did not order.  Let's just say , our departure was accompanied by a lot of screaming and  cussing笑
I honestly cannot believe some of these reviews. This is one of the worst bars in the entire city, and one of Toronto's worst tourist traps.

Yes, they have a big TV, but the service is atrocious, the servers are entitled and extremely rude, and the food is lousy and overpriced. If you want to watch a game here, plan on "enjoying" the atmosphere brought to you by a DJ playing music rather than volume. This city doesn't have many true sports bars but this isn't one, either.  Pass.笑
This is exactly what a sports bar should be.  Start off with a TON of televisions, put in some nice seating, add a crew of friendly waitresses, kick up the quality of the traditional bar food favorites and open the doors.  This place has an upscale feel without trying to be pretentious.  
    We visited on the first night of our trip.  We were pretty tired but hungry so we decided to hit the sports bar to watch the game and fill our bellies.  We were not disappointed.
    My family started off with some wings the AAA HOT and the THAI SWEET CHILI.  They are fresh and never frozen.  When they arrived I was a bit disappointed because they are breaded and I HATE breaded wings. I absolutely despise them, usually.  I was delighted with these!!  They were crisp and flavorful and both sauces were spot on.  Now, to be fair, I did not feel that the heat level in the AAA HOT sauce was hot enough but that could just be a matter of personal preference.  The sauce was full of traditional wing sauce flavor but was a bit thicker than most traditional wing sauces.  It is a very nice rendition of an old favorite.  The Thai Chili was excellent as well but not much different than many other chili sauces I have had.  This isn't to be seen as a negative though because your average Thai Chili sauces is freakin' tasty!
     We also ordered the Onion Rings.  Calling these things Onion Rings doesn't really represent what you will be served.  I mean, they are rings made out of onion with a battered coating but they look more like donuts when they come out in a mini fryer basket.  They are HUGE.  They're also delicious.  The batter is almost fluffy and it is thick (which I normally do not like) but they are not at all greasy like I expected when I saw them.  They are served with a CHIPOTLE LIME AIOLI that pairs nicely with the rings but I also dunked some in some ketchup that was also tasty.  Very well done.
     My boys ordered the sliders.  It just happened to be WINO WEDNESDAY and one of the specials on Wednesday are 3 sliders for $6.00.  Let me tell you, that's the deal of the century.  That is a nice little burger for $2 (or a Toonie in Canada).  Thick and juicy with a slice of cheddar cheese and "real sports sauce".  Very good! for sure.
     I really enjoyed the REAL SPORTS CLUB SANDWICH.  It's a bit different than the traditional club sandwich we have here in the states.  The fact that It doesn't have any bacon on it was the first thing I noticed but it was only slightly missed.  It's a triple decker sandwich with chicken salad, smoked ham and cheddar cheese on brioche bread.  Different but very tasty.  In all honesty it could use some crisp bacon to add a bit more texture and salt to it but it was a very good sandwich.
     We ordered one dessert which was the Brownie Cheesecake.  Now, I am often disappointed with desserts and I wasn't expecting much from this one.  Now, it wasn't the best dessert I ever had but it was really good.  The cheesecake was creamy and flavorful with pieces of what appeared to be a house made brownie.  It was dense and not overly gooey which would have overpowered the cheese cake.  It also had a chocolate sauce that was certainly made in house.  It was made with CHOCOLATE and was not a chocolate syrup.  Not overly creative but a nice dessert nonetheless.  
      Check out Real Sports with a group and you are sure to have a great time!笑
I have always heard that this was a great place to go before/during a local sports event. So before the jays game we decided that we would give it a shot.

First impression, this place was huge. A whole lot of seating and even more televisions. All surrounding a very large projection screen. Great atmosphere, I could see that this would be a really great place during a leafs game.

Our server was very polite. She served us promptly and checked on us regularly. 

The food is quite pricey. We all ordered burgers and fries. When the food arrived the fries were cold. Our server quickly had them replaced but the burgers were sub par. Old buns and bland flavor. 

They gave us a round of drinks in the end which was appreciated.

They have a decent selection of beer but I won't be returning for the food.

Service - 4.5/5
Food - 1.5/5
Atmosphere 4.5/5
Value - 2/5

Overall - 3/5笑
Finally Toronto gets an American style sports bar with 199 TVs including those in the bathroom.  Beer selection is great, food is much better than any other Toronto sports bar and waitresses aren't too bad either.  What more do you need - oh and a golf simulator and bubble hockey if you can't find anything on TV.

Food-wise: ribs were large, juicy and not overly saucy.  Wings are the huge roasters and are breaded (not the tiny St. Louis style - but that's expected since they have much smaller TVs too).  Pulled pork sandwich was also tasty, not messy or overly filling for lunch.  Great flavour mix with coleslaw topping.  Lounge chairs upstairs if you eat too much.

My only hope is that they balance the hockey, basketball and football appropriately this coming winter.  I fear a hockey-fest on 180 of 199 screens.笑
Decent food with good ambience to watch sports. It can get really busy so service can be variable.笑
TVs everywhere including a MASSIVE big screen. It's great for sports fans. 
The food is pretty good, the portions are also MASSIVE.
The prices are quite high, but i guess they do reflect the portions. 
The service is very slow, and average when they do come around. 
Try to book a table WAY in advance.笑
Great place to watch a sports game or two, or just come here and chill and people watch.  They have a lot of TVs here and there are 2 stories.  Upstairs have a sort of private room feel and downstairs is just one big open room type.  My first drink was the Granville Hey Day Hefeweizen, I love hefeweizen so I would pick this type of beer every time I visit different brewers.  My second beer was Belgian Moon, sounds and tasted like Blue Moon from Golden, Colorado, U.S.A.  All services here are great and it can be loud at times.  Definitely a must visit place when you come to Toronto!笑
Note: I'm writing this review as an out of towner- and a one time visit.  It was a blast! We went following going to a leafs game and didn't have to wait long for a table at all- I guess people leave their table after the game. Service was quick and great! Our waitress was nice and helpful. They had a wide variety of beer and excellent food! I had the Mac n cheese and it was awesome and my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich which was awesome!! The arugula salad that comes with the Mac n cheese is only good if you are into healthy food to balance the Mac- which I'm not since there was no dressing and was just plain arugula... But other than that- a great place to go- if you are a leafs fan or not supporting the other team.. We did wear our Columbus gear and everyone was more curious and nice than rude- but they played Edmonton that night...笑
Great sports bar. Prices are very high though and the food isn't that great. But I'm giving this rating for the beer, TVs, atmosphere, and service. I am a returning customer.笑
This place was designed to be the sports bar to end all other sports bars, and by its own design it has been quite successful. It is the largest bar, let alone sports bar here in Toronto. It boasts that there isn't a seat in the house where you can't see or don't have a TV in front of you. As I was in the bathroom looking at the small TV screen in front of me, I was reminded of this. The staff is friendly, the waitresses good looking, the behemoth of a 100 foot screen that sits above the main bar area impressive, the many different seating areas and never ending sea of tables awesome. It was designed to be the biggest, baddest place to see the game and it is. But the the thing is, when you design something like this in that way, it ends up with one very pronounced limitation: It's all or NOTHING, and that's it. When the place is slow, it turns into an echo chamber. And it seems weird. The good news is, most of the time it's NOT dead and it's a great place to get good food and enjoy the game.

Here are the bullet points:

Pros:
-More TV's than Best Buy on Boxing Day
-Good food
-Right by ACC
-Good staff, chance of seeing Jays or Leafs players, depending on the day 

Cons:
-For some events, you have to reserve seats weeks ahead of time
-Risk of douchebag overload
-Prices are on the high side for food that if you're in a large group, can arrive a bit cold

Regardless of pros or cons, it's worth checking out no matter what. The food is overpriced, and so are the beers, but where else can you see a 30 foot high shot of your favorite athletes?

Worth the trip!笑
Awesome atmosphere, great music, food is a little hit or miss but if you stick with the classic bar food items (nachos, wings, pouting, etc) it's all good. 

I'm not even a sports fan but coming here I get into it. The huge TV screen is amazing and we saw Raptors after they finished their game! Cool!笑
This is a long over-due review of Real Sports. 

I went for the opening night of Leafs vs Habs and this place was sold out 6 weeks in advance. Thats not their fault, its the sign of good business that a new place such as this is so popular. 

We had good beer that was very cheap for downtown prices ($5-6 beers) and the atmosphere was just crazy. The service was excellent and we thoroughly enjoyed the game. There were 105 server working that night apparently which is just crazy. 

As for the facilities, there is really nothing like Real Sports. 5 Star all the way across the facility. HD everthing, including the stalls in the bathrooms and the main 199 TVs and ridiculous big screen HD tv was outstanding.

One small thing... I wished that they had more volume on the game. It was loud in there and hearing the commentary is something that I enjoy. 

Thanks, Real Sports. 

Go Leafs Go!笑
This place is a REAL sports bar, full of tvs, beer, alcohol, and more tvs!  Seriously everywhere I turned my head there was a tv or some sort of projector.  

If you want to come in and get a drink I'd recommend coming earlier in the day because this place gets super packed!  Try calling ahead to get a reservation if you want to come watch a game.  

The drinks here are really good and the service was great as well.  

Enjoy! :)笑
This place is on the more expensive side for a sports bar, but in my opinion it still worthy of 4 stars.

Last Saturday was my husband's birthday and he wanted to watch UFC 189 at a nice sports bar while we are in town, so we went to Real Sports Bar.
At 9.30 pm, we were able to get one of the last few available tables (after having to pay a cover of $10 per person). No problem though - there are literally no bad seats. Every table has an excellent view to one of their dozens of monitors and screens, so you won't suffer from a neck injury before the evening is over. This might have been the reason why the atmosphere was great as well - people definitely enjoyed themselves and watching the fights.

I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Tenders with fries.
The chicken was amazing. The meat was perfectly cooked and the breading had just the right level of spiciness. The fries were OK - I would have preferred them to be more crispy, but they were still pretty tasty.

The service was good. We never had to wait long when we had a request and the waitress was friendly.

I would definitely consider coming back.笑
Food-wise, this place is just okay.  I've tried a few of the appetizers and the grilled salmon entree -- and they're alright, but nothing to really write home about.  Service is also so-so... it took us over 30 minutes to get seated despite our entire party being there at the reservation time.  

But I still give this place four stars because the venue and atmosphere are so over the top that I will definitely find myself going back there.  It's the biggest, baddest sports bar that I've ever set foot into and the wow-factor is huge for out-of-town guests.  So, yeah, I'm a fan.笑
Went to the Bruins Leafs game. This place is right outside the Air Canada Centre. 

Great atmosphere with a ton of B's fans in the house. 

Our waitress was the best and helped us get some great food. 

Have to make this part of your trip.笑
Looking for a place to watch sports on the big screen, drink beer, and eat undercooked diarrhea-inducing food? Come to Real Sports! Me and my friend stopped in before a game to grab a quick bite and I'd wish we'd have just gone to McDonald's. We were seated promptly and strictly reminded that we had to leave within the hour because of reservations. We sat and waited for a server to acknowledge our presence, let alone take our order, for over 10 min (and based on other reviews, it's not a unique phenomenon). I ordered the prestige burger, unknowing that I would be cursing myself a few hours later. The burger, according to the menu, was suppose to be cooked to a medium. I noticed it was VERY red and the waitress assured me that they "always" cooked it that way. I know, I know. I should have taken responsibility and sent it back to the kitchen, but I thought I was overreacting - this is after all, one of the premier sports bar in Toronto! They wouldn't stay in business if they kept on serving poorly prepared food! I guess I underestimated the demand for big screen sports and beer.  Anyways, I spent the night on the porcelain throne, lamenting my decisions, while my cat was wondering why I was up at 3 in the morning. I would have complained to the establishment but sadly I already pooped out all the evidence until my butt was as raw as the burger I ate. Bon appetit.笑
Great place to catch an NBA game. Exactly what my group and I ended up doing on a Sunday night. Lots of tv`s and totally worth it. The food is meh alright, nothing special. Our nacho`s took forever to arrive at our table...well over an hour. Then our main meal was nothing special (burgers and salad). 

I would rate this place more for the atmosphere. Great for watching a game with a group of people.笑
A great place to get some food if you're already in the area! Have been here a couple times later in the evening to grab a quick bite and drink, and usually leave pretty satisfied. 

Have eaten on different occasions, but most recently, I got nachos and a Summersby. Love it when places have Summersby on tap, so that's definitely a plus in my books. The nachos were amazing! Nice portion and a great app to share when they are close to last call.

With that in mind, I came relatively close to their closing last time, but the server wasn't exactly nice when we sat down. I didn't realize there was a smaller snack item on the back of their bar menu, and when I asked for a food menu, she just said there wasn't one. Was a little rude when she reminded me that it was 'last call', and didn't even mention there was any food in that menu until I specifically asked her. Not the best impression...

Fortunately, all my other experiences here were good, so I will be back if I'm in the area! Definitely a live and hopping place when there is any game going on!笑
One of the worst places I've watched football. How can that be with a 39' TV and about a 100 TVs all over the place.

Let's start with when we walked in at 1:30 and 1/2 the tables in the main area were reserved, were told they could give us a table but we needed to be out by 3:30....ok no problem. She proceeds to give us s table looking at a pole with our backs to the big screen. After asking for something else they reluctantly gave us a table right in the middle. 

Food was ok, way over priced $30 for a dozen wings, about $16 for a burger. Service was good, getting our food on the other hand was interesting. The food runner had no idea where it was going and we watched him walk by twice before I flagged down our waitress, she was like oh it's right there, just as he tried to give it to the third wrong table. Of course the food was no longer hot when we received it. Took for ever to get our bill also, but maybe they just think you aren't in a hurry.

The table next to us never got their drinks and got up and walked out. That is not good.  Bathrooms were gross, smelled of urine & papers all over the place.

Watching the game which was the most important thing, a disaster. They kept changing the game on the big screen and randomly playing music and changing games on the big screen. Maybe the owners son wanted to try his hand at DJ for the day. I seriously couldn't get out of there fast enough to find a place  that would just leave the TV alone.

Verdict cool place to watch game, I guess if only one was playing.笑
A friend and I went here on a Saturday night when the Leafs had a game. BIG MISTAKE.

There was a line just to get into the place. After a 20-30 minute wait, we finally made it in. The bar was packed. I asked for a table, but I was told that there would be a 4-5 hour wait.

Really? REALLY? It's an effin' sports bar. No way am I going to wait that long for a table at sports bar.

There is an upside to this visit. While in line, we were served some bruschetta. It was alright. Loaded with tomatoes, but it needed more flavor.笑
Crooks. Bunch of CROOKS.

1) You order a dish, but they don't even tell you that things like 'sweet potato fries' are an extra, and not part of a no-charge menu item

2) Drinks at the bar are charged at $3.50 for instance, but if you order at the table, it's only $3. WTF? 

I hate this place. I understand the appeal of the big screens, but it was not worth my money.

The food was also not that awesome. Sliders looked dry, the tacos were disgusting and they charged extra for everything without telling you that the pork was $3 extra, and so on..

I mean, if you are going to lie about the items, I COULD pay $3 for pork, but not if you sneak it in there without telling me it's an extra charge.

I also took the brisket sandwich and it was DRY AS HELL. Disgusting.

EFFING CROOKS. NEVER going back. This re-affirms my hate for sports bars.笑
Just had the worst Buffalo Chicken Sandwich ever. It looked like they took leftover chicken strips off someone else's plate (a child's portion) put it on a dry bun and then called it a sandwich.  Terrible Food and Terrible Service.笑
Went here with a few friends for an early Christmas celebration. I ordered the Poutine dog, cheeseburger spring rolls and a toffee milkshake. Both were DIVINE and I would have given them a full 4 stars for that. However, I had a taste of my friend's chicken and waffles which disappointed me a lot. The waffle was soft and mushy, more like a pancake and flavourless. The chicken, though crunchy, was also flavourless, along with the white gravy that came with it. However the restaurant redeemed itself with excellent an non-intrusive service. Unlike many other waiters, ours did not interrupt us mid conversation, and was able to casually inquire about how my friends and I were doing without being annoying. He also bumped into my friend heading to a washroom after a nosebleed, and was kind enough to check on her at our table twice! I've never seen my friend be so eager to tip someone before haha. Overall, going with my experience with the food I ordered for myself, this place is easily for stars, but for my friend who ordered the chicken and waffles it may be a three. Overall I think it's best to order the typical dishes such as burgers and hot dogs since they appear to do better at these than the less ordered ones.笑
Came here to watch Raptors vs Knicks. Made a reservation, but was nervous about it  (would it be honoured? I was just right on time for it but during these busy times, who knows if someone forgot).  

I was seated after 10 minutes of waiting. (YAY). the hosts were organized and fairly efficient (they use a virtual seating system, to my surprise :) )   The table was , as requested, in full view of the gigantic tv screen. My group came at various times (some arrived at least an hour later), but the server was fine with it. She was probably too busy to really be too concerned by it. It was hard to track her down when we wanted to order, though. 

The good

- seeing the game in huge hdtv
- pulled pork (on bread and on nachos
- nachos (ORDER THEM when you go :P they're yummy - but remember anything you add on top of it is additional cost)
- MANY types of beer


The average
- Mac and cheese was "ok" to the mac and cheese expert of our group - the portion was small
- the portions in general were a bit smaller
- the drink #winner - jagger, redbull, orange juice, and smirnoff vodka - heavy on the jagger taste. it tasted better when i drank it from the glass, not through a straw
- server was nice; but it was hard to find her (we consciously waited for her for at least 20 minutes (but consciously i mean, peel our eyes away from the tv to look for her) when we wanted to order food. 

The ugly
-  smoked chicken penne. I ordered this because the server recommended it. It was bad - dry, seemed very home-made (i.e. not the quality i would expect from a restaurant).  

Verdict
i'd come here again to see another game and try another dish but it wouldn't be my first choice.笑
This really isn't a full review... Let me explain.  I was planning on having some friends come here to see the UFC (Brocktober) event, and since none of us had ever been here, we were quite excited to do so.  With ESPN Mobile  recently giving this place the Best Bar in North America award, we knew it'd be busy.  In fact most of my friends were willing to come in from the neither regions outside of Toronto (aka 905) just to attend.

I called a week in advance to try and make a reservation, and they told me no reservations, but it'll be first come first serve.  

Fair enough.  The event starts at 10 pm, but there was a leaf game, so I figure getting there for 6:30 pm would have been plenty of time.  I get there and this is the only sports bar I've ever been to that has a line up outside (albeit indoors in the complex really).   We get to the front and the person asks us if we had a reservation.  Perplexed, I told him that I thought they weren't taking reservations as was told to me.  The bouncer/greeter dude responds by saying, that they probably meant that it was full but we could go in to see if we can grab a bar seat.  The place was already completely packed and it was standing room only.  

No reservation (first come first serve) vs FULL are completely different things.  I had my friends come all the way from Oakville and Pickering, only to be standing around.

We ditched the place and headed to my old favourite stomping grounds, the Harbour Grill.

What can I say.  I was a bit peeved.  The TV however.. is big.  Will I give it another shot?  Maybe.笑
Came to watch a World Cup game (Go Portugal). Managed to score seats at the bar where we eventually got menus from the bartender. He was quite nice and funny and brought our drink order promptly. Our burgers weren't far behind but oh god was It bad! THE WORST BURGER I've ever had. Dry bun. Dry burger. Nothing to save this dinner. Fries were the best part of the meal. Crispy and tasty. Come for the atmosphere. Don't eat the food.笑
I can't believe I actually suggested we eat at a sports bar and told my husband to never tell anyone, and lo and behold the food was great! It was 3 pm after a long of travel with 2 kids under five, we were in the complex and I was hangry. Not only did they have crayons and kids menus for them to color but when the gourmet looking food came out I about flipped. Greek salad w salmon came out with usual veggies chopped thick and kalamata olives minus romaine with huge nicely grilled and seasoned piece of salmon on the side and a the biggest slab of feta on top. Hubs very impressed with grilled chicken tacos and the shoestring fries were amazing. 

Staff very friendly but the food took at least 25 min to arrive despite the hour. Atmosphere was wall to wall large and larger (HUGE) tv's which remarkably kept the kids entertained. (Why the heck anyone would want to watch dart matches is beyond me but...) 

Such an odd experience to be there with small children. The place is very club-like with uptempo dance hits, lack of Windows on 3 sides and walls, seats and ceiling painted black, booths edges in red neon but hey the food and keeping the kids happy was great. Thanks for blowing my mind.笑
This used to be one of my fave wings resto in Toronto. Wings r big and flavours r great however they r not the best I ever ate. They do serve them not as warm as I would like.  It is also $$$ pricey and on expensive side. We ordered 1 1/2 dozen wings + chilli cheese hot dog + cheeseburger slider + 2 soft drinks = for total with tips of $100 for 2 people only. You are paying for the experience and that is worth it no doubt. TVs everywhere including washrooms displaying sports only! Waitress r ok n service is fast. The only major complaint I have is that the wings were kinda cold when we ate them - not warm enough. If u r visiting Toronto or u live here u owe u to urself to at least give it a try. Recommended for the experience.  

Update: next morning my brother fell ill after eating at RS Sports! Could be from the cold wings...therefore I had to reduce my rating. 

Fave dish: obviously wings (flavour: pee-wee medium)

Bon appetit笑
For sensory overload at all angles, this is your place.

TV screens dedicated to sports are everywhere you turn. The wait staff hiring policy caters more to a male demographic for the most part and then you top it off with pretty good food and a wide adult beverage selection.

Evenings are generally packed especially if there is a Leafs or Raptors game going on. I'm not sure what their reservation policy but the only time I went with a reservation on a Saturday night, we were a party of 20 and ended up at a nice secluded table nestled in the back on the second floor.

For me personally, this is probably the biggest sports bar I've been to and the atmosphere definitely caters to the sports crowd. If you can get in, you really can't go wrong unless you wanted something quiet.笑
I am not even going to lie I was pretty tipsy when I dined here as it was just after the all day outdoor Roundhouse Craft Beer Festival. Whee! I remember tons of TV screens and plenty of bad for you food choices.

Ordered poutine and it was A-OK, nothing special and oddly served in a soup bowl. I would probably return to watch a major sporting event as the vibe most likely gets pretty live in there. GO CANADA GO!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1796OXXdVzs笑
The bad:
-  Not the best service. Didn't see the waitress once after she took our order. She didn't show up to refill anything.

- they didn't even remove the reserved sign after we sat down

- the hostess forgot to give us menus while she went to check if a booth was available

- My burger was burnt and very dry

- I left with heart burn

The good:
- The sweet potato fries were delicious, some of the best I've ever had
- they gave me a new burger that was better but not that great


Overall:
Not worth the $25 for burgers and fries. Won't be going back.笑
I live near Real Sports so generally drop by when my friends are there

It's a good atmosphere to watch a game - lots of TVs and fans and memoribilia everywhere.  I'm a big sprots fan and have been to many sports bars - but this is one of the best in terms of atmosphere.

The downside - I always feel ripped off.  The food items are expensive but you're sitting there for 3 hours - so they need to make money, which is fine. But they ALWAYS charge me too much on my bill (for an extra beer or drink...) or give me too little change.  And when I've mentioned this to friends, they've started to pay more attention and have noticed the same thing

The place is crowded and the service is REALLY slow, especially after the game when everyone wants to leave.  So I'm not sure if these are "honest" mistakes, or a way to make extra money.  

So if you do decide to go - keep on top of what you ordered and review your bill.  Paying for your bill after the game takes forever since they're processing everyone's at the same time. My advice would be to budget some time after the game to review  and dispute your bill.笑
typical bar food in here but the issue is the price.. overpriced! I can get the same food in jack astors for less price. Also whenever my coworkers go here for lunch, the waittresses are never attentive. They're only attentive if you have a suit on in the hopes that they get a big tip. Sorry Real sports, your clientele cant be CEOs.笑
This place is supposed to be IT.  It's supposed to be something I should rave about as being EVERYTHING.  The main screen is huge and it should be the premier place to watch sports across all genres whether it be hockey, football, american football, UFC, baseball, etc. 

The food is decent (despite lots of recent menu changes) minus the wings which are touted as "Toronto's Best" which are IMO far from being so.  They got all these things working for them (for example, the extensive beer menu and milkshakes, the large screens)... this should be a no-brainer 5 stars...

But the service is as another Yelper put it SUPER Hit or Miss.  On occasions I've been blown away where the servers show courtesy and professionalism.  On this most recent occasion, it was far from so.  I have not experienced such rudeness and been fed such misleading misinformation for a very long time.  Your customer base is not comprised of idiots.  Do not feed them lies.

If you choose to have summer hours of closing, you should update your website as such and let your customers be aware if they are arriving within 1-2 hours of your close time, which would be courteous.  Do NOT seat your customers without such clarification and then when you decide to inform them of your earlier close time than advertised, lie and tell your customers "it's a legal thing" and your close time is synonymous with alcohol serving time and you are "forced" to close earlier as a result of it being the "summer".  After not informing your customers of early close times before hooking them with drink and food orders , do not then come by 3X+ to tell them they got less than 30 minutes to finish their food and all their drink or you will kick them out.  It is totally fair game to say and give warning- hey - it's last call and we're done after that - but you should not be pressuring your customers to chug their beer asap because you want to go home for the night.  If you're so worried about "legal issues", I'm pretty sure forcing your customers to drink their alcohol more quickly than they are capable of doing so brings you more legal issues than what you were trying to avoid in the first place.

I would've only given 1 star which is "Eek! Methinks not." but I'm trying to be fair and giving them an extra star for the quality of food.  This place is very popular given their location, large screen TVs, and being known as the touristy "place for sports" in Toronto, but BAD SERVICE ruins EVERYTHING.  I would deal with the lack of reservation availability and the crowds here for the food and ambiance of sports fanatics if the service was good, but the service experienced here makes it a DEALBREAKER.  JUST NOT WORTH IT.

And YES, I'm so disappointed with the service that I signed up for a Yelp account so I could share with others and hopefully prevent others from experiencing what I did.  Shame on you @RealSports for delivering such sub-par service.  Toronto deserves better.笑
Place is awesome looking and has impressive setup. Good menu on the steep side but given the atmosphere it's fine. 

What turned me off is that they include 18% gratuity themselves. Even though they were understaffed and charged $10 cover fee I waited 20 minutes for my beer. My server was actually great and I have left more than 18% but that's the whole point. TIPS is short for TO INSURE PROMPTNESS, if there was a bad service there would be bad tips and vise versa. I don't like my arm twisted into tipping, at these prices they are charging they can take out "gratuity" on their own end.笑
wow this literally IS about as good as it gets. this place is in a perfect spot right across from maple leaf gardens. HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE area , TONS of televisions. and one giant projector screen that can be seen from anywhere! cool place to come during a leafs game or any other game at that. werent too many drink specials and it was your average downtown pricing but this place was so cool it was worth it. make a stop in here and enjoy the ambience笑
For the love of all that is good in this world, please do NOT order the pulled pork panini. It honestly tastes like it was soaked in vinegar before being pressed. It make all the insides of the panini taste like a big, sloppy, pickle. The 'REAL Burger' was alright, and the Buttermilk Tenders were okay. Again, don't order the panini. Seriously.笑
upgraded beerhall feel, not very discriminating.  Food was decent, good selection of beers.笑
Big TVs, but if the place gets busy then the service is really slow. We waited over an hour for lunch and when the food finally arrived, it was cold. The staff brought out one of the orders wrong twice. When the food finally arrived for the third time, everyone else had already finished their meal. To top it off, the waitress asked if we could bag our leftovers ourselves! Definitely won't be back.笑
BOTTOM LINE: What a sports bar looks like in a 3-piece suit.

Although Real Sports has so much going for it (voted best sports bar in North America, 'nuff said), I find myself avoiding this place unless I'm showing visitors around. To be fair, when this place is packed, the atmosphere is quite something; however, it's not enough to draw me back regularly.

First, I find the TV too big / too close. IT'S TRUE! Even with the best seat in the house, it's near impossible to appreciate all the action on the screen and this can be disorienting. With anything less than the best seat, some huge column will either obstruct your view, or you're way too close to make use of it. Thankfully there are tons of other screens to look at it, but it's a shame that the 2-storey TV is so unuseful.  

Second, it's clear this place was made with corporate clients in mind. As such, it feels more like a King West lounge than your traditional sports bar. Also, depending on the night, you'll need to actually reserve seating a week to two in advance or be prepared to stand in line forever! This is a place you need to plan on going, instead of just popping in spontaneously.

Finally, despite the hype that a chef who previously worked at some Four Seasons was hired to re-interpret traditional bar food, I've found most of the selection very "meh" and overpriced. 

All in all, it's hard to "hate on" Real Sports, but if you're looking for a cozy sports bar, you'll be better served heading somewhere else.笑
Best chicken wings in town flavoured with bacon, honey and maple Sirup!!! 
In Toronto downtown by the ACC!!笑
Unsure how anyone could dislike this place, so long as they go here realizing that the theme of the place is written write in the name - "Sports Bar".

Atmosphere is amazing: lots of TV's bright lights, shiny objects, game sounds. Tons of people wearing leafs jerseys, cute waitresses in tiny little outfits, and legitimate sports fans that stood up and cheered and high fived when the Leafs won in a shootout.

Food was good, mildly overpriced, but defintitely not bad at all given the location and such. My grilled chicken breast burger was nothing to write home about, but the nachos certainly were a big hit for our table.

Will definitely go again! (although the long amount of time you have to make a reservation in advance is kind of absurd iyam)笑
Fun night with the boys, 5 Canadians for $25 was the deal so obviously we used and abused it! Hockey game was on, Toronto won a game for the first in what seems since I came out the womb.笑
It's connected right to the Air Canada Centre making it a convenient spot to get a drink or meal before or after an event. Plus like others have mentioned, they have a MASSIVE television wall that is only really viewable when you go to the upper levels.

Other than that, the place is very loud, finding a table will be hard unless you call ahead, and as always the food/beer are ridiculously overpriced.

Nice to visit once, but you're better off going to a smaller establishment.笑
Went with my friend/ colleague for a casual evening snack. My friend suggested the "Blanche de Chamblyn" which was amazing with the orange wedges. We squeezed the juice and it was just a mind blowing experience. This we combined with calamari fried, which was perfect with the tartar sauce. The ambience was great - a perfect sports bar. The waitress was good , not great, but so so. Would be back here for sure.笑
Can I say pretentious? Uncaring staff? Over-priced drinks? Yes. Ok then, that sums this place up. 
It's in a superb location next to the Air Canada Centre, so can obviously get away with poor attitude in the wait staff, because people will always go here.
I understand that on game nights you can treat people like that (not that you should) but on a quiet night when the place is only about a quarter full, making you line up and say there is a wait time of 30 minutes for a table is just farcical.笑
One of the best sports bars I've been to, atmosphere is amazing, the pulled pork poutine & popcorn chicken were delish笑
Is this a club or a sportsbar? I can't decide.

 There are flat screens everywhere, and a giant projection screen. They screen multiple games at the same time, pretty sure you will find the one you are looking for.

The music is top 40. Very loud top 40. Makes it hard to have a conversation with your neighbour.

I don't know. I don't love this sportsbar, but I can't say its bad either. Its very...touristy. Very in-your-face. I missed the homey feel of smaller establishments in Toronto (and when I say small I'm comparing it to our usual Thursday night drink spot Jump Cafe on Wellington St).

The food was alright. High-end pub food. I had the duck confit flatbread for $14. It came on a hockey puck shaped cutting board. I also appreciated the mini deep-fryer baskets that our fries were served in. Food was tasty, a little overpriced but can't say I was surprised given the ambience.笑
Great environment. Excellent service from waitress. The bad thing about this place is the portion. I ordered the real sports burger. The beef patty was very small and the bun was overly big.  My friend had the talapia.  Fish was very dry.  I wouldn't recommend coming here.笑
I was given a gift card for $60 to use at Real Sports Bar, so I got a few friends together on a Friday night and made an evening out of it. It so happened that the Jay's were playing well at the time and the place got packed, but sadly they got their asses whipped on this particular evening.

The voucher required that I contact Dana Levy for a reservation, and Dana was quick to set this up, and was even happy to change the reservation when more friends wanted to join us.  The evening of the reservation, several friends got their early and wanted a booth, and I expected the restaurant to make it difficult for them, but when I got there, my friends were happily seated at a booth and were eager to tell me that we were not given a deadline (they had heard that there was a 2 hour seating limit at the booths - don't know where they got this from, but was happy to learn that we would not have to worry about that!)

As each of my guests arrived, our server Alex was ready to greet them and take their drink order. In fact, we got really lucky to get Alex more most of the night since he was incredibly attentive, but not overbearing, and was polite and friendly throughout the evening.

We stayed for about 3.5 hours and ordered food and drinks throughout the night. We started with appetizers, then we got mains, followed by dessert, and drinks in-between.

This is what we loved...

Great service
Food was tasty, and specially loved their sweet potato fries, the fish & chips (huge and delicious!) and their nachos
One friend ordered the pork chop and it was overcooked, but Alex quickly returned to the kitchen and came back with a juicy pork chop and newly plated
The portions were decent - though some items were larger than others (e.g., fish & chips was a good portion, but the bowls and pork chop not so much, but decent)
The venue was large but not overwhelming so, and the patrons all seemed to be having a good time
Plenty of TVs to watch the games and they are not all playing the same game or the same sport
Free pop refills

What I did not care for...

Alex asked if we wanted guacamole on our nachos and we said sure! He forgot to mention that it was an extra $6 or $7 extra (can't remember which of the two it was)
I was drinking ginger ale and switched to a coke for my last refill and I was charged for two drinks - was not told that switching flavors would result in a new charge
The prices were quite high for the mains (most around $20). And for what you got, I did not think there was value for money.
The regular burger and salad did not look appealing at all and the friend that ordered it was not impressed
I had high hopes for the peanut butter pie, and for $9 I thought it was overpriced and did not deliver on the peanut butter flavor. I tried to share, but my friends were not really impressed by it either
We could only get one bill, which became very difficult for us to figure out and a lot of time was wasted on calculations when separate bills could have made the process more convenient

In Sum...

My friends and I had fun at Real Sports, and enjoyed most of the food as it was well-seasoned, with good ingredient combinations and were very well executed. We also enjoyed the vibe and excitement of the restaurant, and the service was on-point. However, with the prices being on the higher end and feeling misinformed (or having information omitted - though I am sure not intentionally), the night left me feeling a little disappointed. That said, I would not be opposed to returning for another game or two...but with so many bars and pubs in the city, I am just not sure how many of my friends were impressed enough to return. Hmm笑
I'm not much of a sports guy, but even I can stand in awe of how sporty Real Sports Bar is. You can't move anywhere in this place, without having some form of sportage in front of your eyes, right down to having little TVs at your booth with all the sports channels on them. It really is amazing.

Despite how busy it was when me and my friends arrived, the server was totally with it, fast, and friendly. The drinks were quick and perfect, and our food came out pretty fast too. Their pulled pork sandwich is awesome and large.

Prices were standard sports bar prices. Nothing fancy. As I said, I'm not sporty at all, but I'm totally cool with faking it and returning to Real Sports Bar.笑
Came here on Saturday around 6:30pm after watching a game at the Rogers Centre.
FYI make Reservations!

I was told by the hostess they were fully booked however she gave us two options:

1) Go on the waiting list for a table which could be up to 1hr+r wait (The hostess advised that there has never been a night when 100% of the reservations actually showed up so we could get a canceled table if that was to occur)
2) We were offered a table that was for an upcoming reservation that hadn't arrived yet only catch is that we had to be done eating by 7:30pm however we were also put on a waiting list in case a table opened up 

We took option 2
I figured we could never finish eating by 7:30pm and they couldn't possibly kick us out right? Anyways the food arrived at 7:00pm and hostess came back at 7:20pm to check on our progress. We told here there was no way could finish eating as our food all came out at 7. She understood and let us keep the table.

Always take option 2! From what I noticed after 7:30pm lots of tables became available so I take it those reservations never showed up or either those tables are for ppl coming at 8pm?

This is what we ordered:

Cheeseburger Spring rolls
Packed full with ground beef and cheddar cheese fittingly served w/ ketchup, mustard & relish so simple yet so delish! An order is 2 spring rolls cut in half (4 halves in an order)

1LB Cajun Dry Rub Wings 
If you like salt & pepper wings these are definite must but far more flavorful! Wings are meaty, good batter and crispy! 

Sweet Potato Fries & House Cut Fries
Huge portions of fries served in a deep fryer basket. No complaints on the fries they hit the spot

Desserts here are amazzzing and huge! Don't pass it up!

Peanut Butter Pie -Oreo cookie crust & creamy peanut butter filling
I am a PB fanatic so this was a definite must! Loved the peanut butter filling almost had a cheesecake like taste but far more creamier topped with a layer of ganache and the crunch from the oreo crust I was in heaven!

10 Layer Devil's Chocolate Cake -Chocolate sponge layered with rich ganache served with vanilla ice cream
Quite possibly the best chocolate cake I have ever tasted! So moist and chocolatey rich, It will convert anyone into a chocolate cake lover! And it was massive in size and will generously feed 3-4 diners.

Despite how hard it is to actually get a table I can understand the hype. This place is downright amazing all around! The food is delicious, they play great music, tvs are everywhere, great spot to watch a game or hang out at the bar and despite how packed it was our waitress never neglected our table and was attentive refilling drinks and clearing plates.
The only negative....Don't plan on walking in and snagging a table....definitely Make RESERVATIONS or try your luck on that wait list....笑
I was here with a friend on a Wednesday afternoon to watch a Euro soccer game. The place was sold out with cheering soccer fans, there to watch one a quarter-final game on a movie theatre sized screen. The sports ambiance was awesome. The food was mixed. We started with some nachos, which were quite nice, and a large Mill Street organic beer, which was also good. No home runs yet though. I ordered the veggie burger, which was probably the worst veggie burger I've ever had. It was a greasy mess that I think was supposed to resemble in spirit the triple burger my friend had. I would never order it again. The house salad that came with it though. was sublime. Sunflower seeds and cranberries and a variety of lettuces with a great dressing. How completely opposite of the burger it came with. Probably one of the best salads I've had in ages. I ate the veggie burger, it wasn't that horrible. Most veggie burgers are pretty bad anyway, but this one was the worst. Service was great.笑
I would give this establishment a zero rating if Yelp allowed it. Let me now continue with why Real Sports is receiving this scathing review. 

I had heard so much about this place and really wanted it to be a great experience. Unfortunately, management really proved me wrong. 

Let's begin with transparency. This place was fully aware that our group was attending for a BIRTHDAY. We had booked the Hail Mary challenge for the birthday boy a month in advance. We explained it was for a birthday. Not once during the initial booking was there any mention of a cake cutting fee. When the day of our reservation came, we brought a cake and gave it to our server. At this moment, they did not mention the $3 / person cake cutting fee. When we asked for our cake to be brought out for the birthday boy, again no mention of the ridiculous cake cutting fee. 

So imagine our dismay when the bill came at the end of the night and a $72 surprise fee was added. 

We brought the charge to the attention of our server who in turn spoke to the manager. They refused to remove the charge. Ultimately, we ended up speaking to the GM who danced in circles about the misleading and hidden cake fee. Rather than look at the facts, the GM tried to derail the focus of the complaint. He focused on how we had brought a bag of marshmallows into the establishment and how he could have kicked us out for this transgression. 

We told him that this had nothing to do with the hidden cake cutting fee. We put the marshmallows away once our server mentioned them. We tried to focus back on the hidden cake fee, and again the GM danced around giving us an answer.

In this industry - cake cutting fees are NOT standard. The majority of establishments DO NOT charge to cut a cake. If there is a fee, the onus is on the establishment to notify the party of a fee. 

The facts are very clear. There was a birthday event. There was a cake. Real Sports had many opportunities to inform our party of this fee. Real Sports did NOT inform our party that there was a cake cutting fee. Real Sports cut the cake and added a charge that was never agreed upon by our party. It is therefore reasonable that Real Sports should offer a refund for its lack of transparency for this hidden cake fee. 

As a paying customer, I feel mislead and cheated by Real Sports. I feel that they intentionally mislead our party in order to sneak in extra hidden fees. Furthermore, the next action by the Real Sports GM was a slap in the face. 

As we continued to speak with the GM, he was not forthcoming with an explanation. Frustrated about not getting a clear answer, we asked him to be direct - would he or would he not remove the fee. He told us, "Actually as the GM, I could comp your whole party, but I won't."

Real Sports, is this really how you train your GMs and staff to treat your customers? Your lack of professionalism and appalling ability to handle this simple customer situation is atrocious. 

Your GM's words spoke volumes. Yes, he in fact had the authority to turn around the situation. Yes, he could have offered excellent customer service and removed the hidden cake charge. But no, he decided to be a downright asshole and damage the reputation of your company. 

What is $72 worth? To your GM apparently it is worth 30+ people never coming back to your bar & grill. To your GM, $72 is worth 30+ people telling everyone they know to never go to Real Sports Bar and Grill again. To your GM, $72 is worth destroying a business. 

I would welcome the opportunity to discuss matters further and to learn of how you propose to prevent a similar situation from recurring. Furthermore, I would appreciate it if someone could get in contact with us about refunding the $72 cake fee.笑
Great place to watch sports. Beer selection is large but terrible. Food is below average and stay away from the wings, they taste like colostomy.笑
Went to watch the Bills game which surprisingly wasn't on too many of the tvs.
This place is huge and had a fun atmosphere.  Food was good and expansive beer selection even if a bit on the pricey side.  Only complaint is playing music when an event isn't on.  Why have a sports show on the main screen without the sound, just switch it to another game then.  Lesson learned for next time tho is to call ahead and make reservations.笑
Service was reasonable. Food and drinks were good too. We didn't get good seats due to the high number of reservations. Reserve ahead prior to visiting this place.笑
Good food (Wings, Burger etc.) but slightly high priced. I'm guessing the extra price is because of the monster screen, atmosphere and close prox. to the ACC and Rogers Center. If you 're a toursit...check it out, if you live in the area nearby, like I do then plently of other options for bar food and beer.笑
We've always been happy coming here... Good service and ambiance. Food is decent. Most recently we had the fish tacos which were amazing and they also have a selection of interesting Caesar cocktails!笑
I'm going to give this a 2-star review with the caveat that it is clearly not targeted towards me as a customer, I would normally 1 star this type of establishment just for existing.

This place is terrible. 

It's hard/impossible to make reservations. They sat my party as a walkin (because when we called they said they don't even take reservations!) and then told us we had to eat and move within 45 minutes. That didn't end up happening and the place was 30-35% empty when we left 2 hours later (we were trying to see how long the the ice queen with the clipboard would let us stay past the quoted 45 mins). There are a lot of super short skirts here on the staff and some of them looked borderline uncomfortable with their uniforms.

The food was not great and it was insanely expensive. 10$ onion rings and there were 5 rings. 15$/lb chicken wings. The beers were averagely priced and there is a large selection.

The music here was SO LOUD. There is a guy dressed in business casual on his macbook making serato face on a platform above the dining room djing. At 6pm on a Wednesday. It is as loud as a club in here, we had to shout across the table.

This place is just terrible, we went because someone in our group had a giftcard. I will never go back once it's used up.笑
RS is probably one of my favorite sports bar in the city to watch any game. I always reserve a table well in advance to make sure we get a seat as it is usually very busy. The food is pretty good (for bar food), and fortunately I've had good service every time I've been there.笑
This was an absolutely gigantic sports bar, and when I went completely packed. It actually reminded me of a Las Vegas style sports book. A really big sitting area with just a huge wall of TVs with every imaginable game on, and then a bar area with TV after TV. 

The beer selection was OK, I've seen better but good enough for a sports bar. The menu was also pretty typical. Being in Canada and feeling compelled to have Poutine, I got that. Living in the US, I am used to being disappointed by very sub par poutine, or someone's "take" on poutine. Fries with cheese sauce and shredded beef in NOT poutine. (Got in an argument about that once). I digress, this was really good. I should have expected.

Otherwise, was a cool place and worth going to before or after a game at the ACC or as in our case a concert. Would love to check it out again when I just have plans to watch a ton of hockey for a night.笑
Good place to watch sports in Toronto. We watched the Raptor's game on maybe a dozen TV's, along with the NFL playoffs, and it was perfect for that purpose. We tried Hoops down the street first but they didn't have the game on and had hip hop playing instead of the broadcast.

If you're familiar with the 716 in Buffalo, this is comparable and a good sports watching experience.笑
All the single ladies... There are only men at this place with almost 200 TVs- loud w/ sports on every channel...  We went on Sunday Night and it is a great place to watch football!  I am single, so my eyes weren't on the TVs the whole time... :)笑
Great experience, was there on a Sunday midday to watch some of the football games, great atmosphere, the DJ plays good music plus sound effects when the main game is on the big screen. Place is super clean, great service and food is good笑
Don't be afraid to ask for a table even if it's crazy crowded!  Right before a Raptors game, we were seated without a reservation with the promise that we'd be done eating within an hour.  "No problem!" we say!  Down the hatchet!  No breathing!  

Seated on the upper level we had fantastic views of the huge screen and a million smaller tv screens as well.  There was a lot going on-sensory overload.  They were also playing loud R&B hip hop music.  My first thought was "If you're epileptic or suffer from seizures, DO NOT COME HERE!"  Lots of groups around us, fewer couples.  Most tables ordered wings.

When we told our waitress we wanted to be out in time for our game, she said it may not be likely as the food would take some time.  And in the end, after ordering, it took maybe 25 minutes to receive our food.    

I ordered the meatloaf sandwich, and hubby ordered beef brisket.  The flavours of my sandwich were quite good-the meatloaf was very soft and savoury, and the brioche bun it was on made each bite quite rich.  The beef brisket wasn't piled on generously, instead it was a quite thin serving of beef and it was not good enough to order again.  

So it's a great place to hangout before a game, great atmosphere, but for food, I think next time stick to ribs, wings, and skip the bbq beef brisket.笑
This is a bit of a surreal sports bar to go to.  How big is that big screen TV?  Three stories?  Portions are also large and caloric intakes would probably shock people (but who's counting right?).  The servers are all gorgeous but detached and busy. It was all a little bizarre.  I suppose if you're drunk or planning to get drunk this is a great bar to go to.  If you're just looking for a meal then there are likely better options.笑
Its such a fun place! with GIANT TV screens all around and so much activity every night of the week and even at lunch hour this is such a fun place to check out. Beware however, its really tough to get a seat on game night.

the food is pretty good  - way above regular bar food. The sliders are terrific and the wings are voted one of the best in the city and they are pretty great!!

I hear you're able to connect your iPod in to one of the booths and listen to your own music - need to try next. If you're a sports fan - you'll be coming back here again and again!笑
Service is horrible. Security feels entitled and most of the waitresses have an attitude that they are above you. None the less, after a trip to ACC this is a must go. Schooners and the wings are amazing wings and chicken fingers. Great flavour on the sauces笑
When I read the website saying they were the best sports bar in North America (as decided by ESPN), I was kinda skeptical. I mean, how awesome can a sports bar be? Well this bar is pretty awesome. They've got a massive large screen above the bar that can be seen from pretty much anywhere in the two-storey bar, and a ton of other screens around the place so you never miss out on any sports channel action. The seating is comfortable, it's spacious and clean, and they've got a neat blue ticker-tape that runs along the bar showing sports news. 

I showed up to meet some friends around 4pm on a Raptors game night, and the place was crazy packed. Except, it wasn't crazy packed. There were tons of people standing around waiting for a table, but there were also tons of empty tables inside. I suspect they didn't have enough servers per customers, but it seemed really strange when we were standing around waiting for over 40 minutes when there were quite a few free tables around. 

By the time we finally got seated, we were put in a remote area where no one was, and our waitress would only pop by every now and then to take orders, and never to see how we're doing. We asked for some drinks and she'd disappear for 15 minutes and then come back without some of them, so we had to remind her again. The food was decent - I had a burger and my friend had the cajun shrimp. Their beers were reasonably priced, and they did well to handle our large party. 

Overall, it was an alright experience. The place itself is worth the visit just to see the screens. I can imagine it would get a bit crazy on game nights (we left before the Raps game started). But I'd try again on a non-game night and hopefully I'll have better service.笑
A few friends and I were told to try Real Sports while we visited Toronto for a couple of days. 
We did. We regret our decision. 

To start it is a nice sports bar. Amazing amount of TVs and you even get one in your own booth. That being said, the service was ATROCIOUS! We had 3 different servers come to our table. We were never asked once if we wanted a refill on drinks nor how our food was. We were passed by MANY times without even a glance in our direction. We had to explain more than once that we were expecting 2 other people as every time a server passed us they kept trying to take our menus. My cutlery was taken before my food was out. I ordered a burger and was never brought or even asked if I would like condiments. The food was mediocre. Definitely NOT worth being overpriced. 
When we asked for our bill's', we were handed one singular bill. We sat for another 20 minutes waiting for anyone who worked there to come by to split them for us. I eventually had to go to the front and ask the hostess to split it for me. She found a server to come with a machine to pay. He was unbelievably rude and unpleasant. 
This is the WORST experience I have had at a restaurant in a VERY long time! I have never even written a review about bad experiences, but this one so enraged me that I had to. If I had the option of tipping the hostess I would have. She, in my opinion, is the ONLY staff member I interacted with that night that I would feel comfortable with giving my money to. I wasn't even comfortable paying the bill. Although it is illegal not to so we did.

Don't waste your time at this place unless your damn sure you want to have an awful time in Toronto. There are plenty of places to go to enjoy yourself. Real Sports Bar & Grill is NOT one of them!笑
Have been there once. Don't see myself going there again. Their burger was not special at all, neither were the chicken wings. The fries was okay. They have a good location though. Very close to Air Canada Center.笑
If you are looking for a good sports bar, this is the place. Especially for hockey or baseball. You are literally next door to the stadium with a insanely huge TV right in front of you with 60 smaller yet still large TVs surrounding it. 

Went there during a leafs game that was playing there and the crowd was packed. The staff was friendly and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. 

Don't bother taking a date, unless you and your date are hardcore sports fans, then this place is one big wet dream for both of you.笑
Working close to RS means this is a common lunch spot for me and my peers. Having eaten here countless times I have tried many of the menu options and while there are definitely a few sub par items to avoid, the rest of the menu definitely raises the bar on other similar spots in the area.  Sure the prices are a little higher than most Sports Bars, but the food and atmosphere are deserving of that premium.  

 

Where RS shines is in providing "upscale" versions of your traditional Sports Bar fare: Nachos & Chicken Wings are both highly recommended for your first visit. You may not think sharing an order of Nachos is an ideal lunch, but their chicken nachos, fully loaded, could very well be the best in the city!  For those in search of an entree, the buffalo chicken fingers (a staple of 12 year old diets everywhere) are another highlight, along with the belly busting portion of fish & chips.  For all of the good with the food, at times the service can be a little bogged down, usually during a busy lunch rush or pregame service.

 

Best: Buffalo Chicken Fingers with the "Chef's Secret" Go for Gold sauce; BBQ Chicken Nachos, Chicken Wings

Avoid: Grilled Portobello Sandwich, All Pastas and Stir Frys

 

For those sports buffs, there is no better place in the city to watch a game over a meal with friends, whatever your sport.笑
*3.5 stars*  
It was my first time here tonight...a few things, it's pretty nice for a sports bar - the food was actually pretty ok.  I ordered the portobello sandwich - which was pretty tasty.  We started with the quesadilla sliders which are tastier than they sound.  My friends order burgers (a few variations - all got the thumbs up).  Another friend ordered the stir fry, which by all accounts was good for a sports bar, but she ordered tofu, and it had a weird consistency, kind of like a crouton, but not...And for dessert the peanut butter pie.  Super sweet - but good.  Probably something to share, unless you decide to pass on the main, the way my friend did.

Also - it's better to make reservations, it was pretty busy for a Thursday night with no game on.  And they there isn't a way to make online reservations, so I had to call in.

PS *I'm not sure why the menu doesn't have pics of food in it, b/c I really think that would be super helpful笑
Great pulled pork sandwich and thank you for the choice of fires or a salad. However, whoever controls the TV channels needs to chill out. The switching of channels so often was too confusing.笑
Disappointing.  Wings were average, waitress we had last night was below average and the bar had no limes at 9pm on a Thursday night.  Were they expecting to be closed early during Thursday night football, MLB playoffs and nhl night two?  Got my drink wrong and took barely a passing interest in our table of 5.  Only in a pinch would I be back.笑
Great wings and fajitas. There for a corporate dinner event with games etc and the servers were great and kept the drinks flowing.  Great vibe and massive screen is very impressive. 
Great for big parties of 100 or more.笑
Amazing sports bar. I've never seen so many screens. Overpriced wings.笑
Great big giant order of nachos!  We added bbq pork to ours and made it even Bigger and better!  The chips were covered in tasty melted cheese.  Fresh tomatoes and onions with a bit of spice!  Not too spicy.. Just enough.  This order is easily enough for 4-6 people.  We also had an order of the French fried sweet potato fries!  They were awesome!  We didn't have reservations, but the hostess let us in, with the understanding we had to vacate the premises by 5:30,  which was perfect for us!  Thank you for a fun time and some great food!笑
I really like my experience making a reservation was easy and very fast got through and apparently the fact I was able to make a reservation 5 days before is a miracle. 

When we got there we were seated immediately and got to chose a table we wanted because there were a couple available in the corner we were headed to, all the tables had one side completely open so that everyone could see the TV which was nice. While there they made sure we go out in time for the raptors game with plenty of time. The food was good (I got the fish and chips but I honestly think that they may have killed some prehistoric fish for that meal cause it was HUGE), drink was awesome and so was the dessert. 

While we were there my friend did order a steak but it didn't turn out cooked enough for her liking so we ended up sending it back twice (although im not sure if that's because she was unsure of what medium-well looked like or if it really was a kitchen error). The music though was a little to loud, in which holding a conversation with the people at my table was difficult so maybe just a notch or two down would have been beneficial.笑
I'd have said five stars if it weren't for one tiny niggling customer service issue. But first:

Pros:
1. Great food. The so-called "Wing King" chef delivers on his title.
2. Beer selection is fantastic. Tap selection beats the Bier Markt.
3. The big screen area must be amazing for a big game.

I took my three-year-old daughter on a downtown excursion one Sunday. I specifically targeted Real Sports for lunch, because I'm a big Leafs fan and it's a fantastic place (had been there previously).

I was greeted nicely enough at the door, but was then asked in a hesitating tone if I would be leaving by 2:00 (there was a basketball game later).

This was at noon.

I looked down at my young daughter and chuckled, but the hostess was serious! I said I was pretty sure we'd be finished in two hours!

As amusing as it was, I consider it a customer service error. I went out of my way to take my daughter here for lunch at an off-hour (the place was deserted). I bought two meals and a beer. I was put off by the fact that their first consideration was when they could have the table available again. On a Sunday!

I'll chalk it up to a young hostess not really understanding how to interact with customers. Will go back.笑
Nice place to watch games on TV, but for the price you will be paying for a hot-dog you minus well get tickets to see the game live at the ACC.笑
3.5/5, +.5 for service

I certainly didn't expect to rank this place 4 stars, as I thought this place was just all hype, but the 3.5/5 overall rating is definitely where it should be.

With the Canada-US game during the world juniors, my party of 2 decided to watch the game inside Real Sports, after watching the Sweden-Switzerland game at the ACC. There was a lineup to get in, however it did move quite fast as they were letting people in as commercials (or intermissions) were airing. Once we were in, it was pretty much a free for all in terms of finding a table, but we did manage to find one in the second floor.

Our server was a lady named Melissa, who looks like in her late 20s but her voice sounds like she was still a teenager. Nevertheless both of us were impressed with her service, as she remembered to serve us despite the fact neither of us ordered food to start (we wanted to wait until after the game to order food).

I remembered reading somewhere that Real Sports has some of the best chicken wings in the city. Therefore, we decided to order a dozen wings, half with Thai sweet chili and half with Bobcaygeon. We also ordered cheeseburger sliders as part of Wino Wednesday, as well as fried calamari.

The wings were certainly some of the best I've had. They were big and juicy, and the sauces were aplenty and were also tasty. The cheeseburger sliders were also very good, but the fried calamari was definitely not worth $13...felt like those you can get in the frozen seafood aisle in Loblaws.

Real Sports is definitely a place to catch your Leafs game or a Team Canada game, as the environment is arguably better than the ACC (suits...). If you can't stand consistent 100dB though, this isn't the place for you. :)笑
I mean. It is a winner right? Mixing sports with good food and beer. Doesn't take a genius to figure out that that would be a successful business. It is. 

Huge gigantic televisions all over the place with any single sport event that is happening at the moment, it gets you in the mood for football, basketball, baseball or meatballs, whatever your preferences are.

The baby back ribs were probably cooked in Saturn, cause I am pretty sure they were not from this world. Alien taste. Amazing. Incredible. There are no words or emoticons to express how I feel about the entire rack that I manage to gulp down with the help of some Molson fresh beer, golden liquid that ease any pains.

Then they put the soccer game on the huge central tv, cranking the volume, so I really felt that I was sitting at the Signal Iduna Park stadium to watch the Borussia Dortmund - Liverpool FC game. 

Heaven does exist. And it is downtown Toronto.笑
I've been here many times, and I can unequivocally say that it's the best spot to watch any game or major event in the city especially when taking into account the bigger picture: the food, the service, the TVs and the massive projector screen the size of two living rooms (one could only hope to host a viewing party with a projector screen that big!), the overall vibe, and location (right beside the Air Canada Centre, a block away from Union Station and the GO and subway stations) - it's an awesome spot. 

My most recent visit was during NBA All-Star Weekend in Toronto and, despite how crazy busy they were, the food still came at relatively quickly, service was sweet and pleasant, and the overall vibe was full of excitement. Going into my visit, I knew how busy it would be and readied myself for an hour wait for my nachos, but surprisingly, they came out in 10 minutes. Overall, a great experience during the peak of All-Star Weekend - I have to commend them for how professionally they handled serving people visiting for the event. 

I will say, though, that if you order the nachos, share with someone else. It's huge. And maybe my only minor complaint is that some items on the menu seem ridiculously overpriced (i.e. half a dozen wings are $14.75... that's 6 wings for almost $15? What?). But, seeing as it's a sports bar and in a prime location, I guess I can understand. Overall, if you ever need a spot to watch a game, this should be at the top of your list. Good for big groups too.笑
My co-workers and I decided to come here to celebrate our interns' last day. We wanted a restaurant that was different than the standard corporate/finance-type restaurants in the area, so we chose to come to Real Sports Bar. TVs everywhere! Seriously, this place probably has more TVs than WEGZ.

After perusing through their large menu, something caught my eye, something I haven't had in a long time since living on the west coast -- the breakfast burger! It arrived with a perfectly cooked sunnyside egg on top of a cheeseburger with bacon. What more could you ask for? The burger tasted great and was everything that I had hoped it would be. One of my co-workers ordered a pork dish special and after cutting through it, found that the pork was a little undercooked. Upon asking the waitresses, they said that it was supposed to be that way, but they seemed unsure.

Service was attentive if you can flag down a waitress.笑
Nothing super fabulous food-wise. Mainly went there for the sports bar experience after the hockey games, which was right next to the arena. Perfect for drinks, watching the big screen, and hanging out笑
Incredible vibe for any sporting event!! Huge menu, lots of delicious options and Chef Tony Glitz is happy to accommodate any dietary restrictions. A+++笑
Went here for drinks and nibblies with a bunch of colleague after work earlier this week.  

We decided to sit out on the patio, which although comfortable, was dissapointing. Not sure what it is about that patio, but it just felt sorry and depressing, sorta like putting lipstick on a pig...a bunch of tables on a  sidewalk, surrounded by concrete, metal and glass, with a view of traffic and the rear entrance to Union Station...aesthetically meh with ZERO energy. 

We ordered various drinks and 4 lbs of wings.  The drinks were ok, the only standout being their ceasar, topped with a pepperette and a couple of olives, served in Montreal steak spice rimmed glass, intead of the standard celery salt.

They have a pretty varied menu, but we had heard that we should try the wings and so we did, a decision that we regretted as soon as they were set on the table before us.  We ordered the Lime Salt and Pepper, Chipotle BBQ, Ankle Skater (Mild), and Drop The Gloves (suicide).

Lime Salt and Pepper - they were dry and didn't really  have a lot of flavour, bland.

Chipotle BBQ - too sweet and not enough smoke...WAY TOO MUCH sauce.

Ankle Skater - again, too sweet, with zero heat (yeah, I know it said 'mild', but this was ridiculous).

Drop The Gloves - pffft! The batter was 'peppered' with chopped chilies, but not much heat - seriously no where near suicide - and extremely bland.

At $49.99 for 4 lbs of wings, I expected to be wowed, but these wings just put me to sleep.  

Oh, and I shouldn't forget to mention the moist facecloths they bring to your table so that you can wash-up after "enjoying" the wings.  Scalding hot, soaking wet...made us think they rolled 'em up, and then poured a kettle of boiling water over the lot of them.  What a mess.  Thank heaven we were on their outdoor patio or we would have had to wring them out into our drink glasses.  

Our server was nice, but it took her forever to bring us side plates for the wings and even longer to bring us our bills.  


Washrooms are ok, but honestly felt like I was in a small candlelit closet, the lights were THAT dim.  

Inside, they had plenty of large flatscreens broadcasting various sporting events, with tons of seating to go with.

They get 2 stars for being close to my office and for our server being so nice...I would recommend this place if paying too much for crap food is not offensive to you, as long as you have a cold beer in hand and your favourite team is being broadcast on one of their gi-normeous screens.笑
Great surroundings, fantastic staff, awesome booths and definitely no lack of TVs. We had our own personal TV in our booth so that we could watch the hockey. The food was average but it seems that everything else made up for that.笑
Been here over and over and over again. A sports haven for everyone!! If you can sit in the main area and watch the main event on the 2 storey big screen with 100's of other big screens surrounding you with other sports...you're golden! If not, get a seat in one of the lounges and choose whichever game you want on your personalized tv. Sundays are amazing for full day of football! I've come here with my wife and we just watch sports till our bellies are full of booze and our "proline" betting is over! Amazing food, amazing staff, amazing sports experience with the perfect atmosphere! If you haven't been...what the heck are you waiting for?? Get up and go and watch the game! Awesome place to watch leafs in action! Careful it gets packed quickly for big games so either arrive early, or just belly up to the bar and enjoy from a standing view perspective. Cheers!笑
Great bar, great service, friendly staff. I don't always order the food, but it comes out at a reasonable time and decent. Lottttttssss of TV's! Must go early for any sporting events!笑
Great bar to watch any sporting event. Watched a few NBA Finals games and a few boxing pay-per-view events. A giant big screen sits in the middle of the bar and virtually everywhere that you go there is a tv, even the washrooms. For big events, I suggest making a reservation which they take up to 3 weeks in advance. They tend to fill up pretty quickly, otherwise they usually take walk-ins at the bar which is first come, first served. 

They have a vast food and drink selection. I've noticed that they have simplified their menus as of late as there was simply too much to choose from. I suggest trying their chicken wings, they are massive and possibly some of the largest chicken wings you'll ever have. I usually have it with their Thai sweet chili sauce. Also, the popcorn chicken is a must try as well as the pulled pork nachos. In terms of drinks, they have quite a few beers on tap and there is usually some sort of game day specials. 

The service is usually good, although when it is a packed house it tends to slow down. Keep in mind that for PPVs such as UFC and boxing, they may charge a cover few, usually $10.笑
Great atmosphere and the food looked really good..  Would definitely come back to watch the big games here笑
This is an excellent sports bar if you like huge screens, lots of TV,  and great service. The problem is that it is always packed, service can get slow, and it is pretty expensive. Reason being is this place is right next to ACC.  It is priced accordingly.  It is cheaper than going to a leafs or raptors gamw, but it is still much more expensive than going to your favorite sports bar. It is a great place for a large group,  but don't go there for a major spotting event or ufc. There might be a charge for the table or per person. Much better spots to go for free.笑
$28 for a dozen wings?!! Seriously!!!!!? Their wings are really good, but no way in hell are they worth the price! 

I had the real sports burger instead, it was good and the price was good, so why are the wings so much?!! Sorry to keep harping on the price, but I love wings and I've never seen them close to this price. The most expensive I ever saw before was $15 for a pound. Crown & Dragon arguably has the best wings in Toronto and they are a lot cheaper.

Enough with the wings! The atmosphere is great for watching a game, the food is good, the services is fine, but what you get for the price = Meh. I've experienced better.笑
This is a nice place, the screen is huge!! great for watching the game with a bunch of friends and getting a few drinks, the food is not so good.

I think it's a good crowd with mainly younger people. go on a game night and everyone comes over after the game as well.

There is plenty of parking downstairs, it was a bit confusing finding the entrance to the lobby and not to longos... but it's a good parking lot.笑
I have now been to this bar enough times to be able to write a well rounded review of the joint. I have to say, overall, I like. (if this were a FB page.. I would have clicked the button... but alas, its not, so I've typed it out instead). Let me break it down for you:

Reservations - highly recommend it. It's super easy and they are so flexible if you head count changes (I did a table of 15 with no issues whatsoever... pretty awesome). Also no credit card required for the reservation

The atmosphere - loud and in your face. But aren't all sport related things in your face? If you are looking for a quiet intimate place.. this isn't the place for you. There's a massive screen in the main area and also a billllliiioonnnn screens all over... (there are a few floors as well).

The food - it's what you'd expect from a sports bar.. Wings, burgers etc... The wings are really delish... 

The service- ACE considering how busy they are. they let nothing slide. I had a less than perfect meal last night and there wasn't even a second thought, our server took it off the bill. He was so insistent on making everything right. The drinks come quick and they are always there to check up and make sure everything is going perfectly for you.

I'm a definite fan. GO RS BAR (I cheer in my best cheerleading voice)笑
I really like this place. Great place to watch a game they have TV's all over the bar and eating area. I ask the bar tender if he could put on a specific game and he did. Great service the prices are a little high but you are paying for the service and venue. 
If you want to watch any game I strongly recommend this place.笑
I like the ambience and food but what was going on with their Fish & Chips?!  Good fish but the french fries was soooo PUNY and need to change cooking oil!  

For $18.50 and potatoes are cheap, this is wrong!
Hope they change this.  

Note:  This is btw for RSBG located in 40 Bay Street, by ACC.笑
The Real Sports Bar is a popular spot for sports fans and business types alike.  Thus far I've only been for work related events/meals.  Reservations are key, especially for the lunch hour rush.  The decor is an interesting mix between that of a typical sports bar (on steroids) and a night club.  Televisions great and small all showing sport of one type or another dominate the walls.  The lighting is kept quite low all the more enhancing the brightness of the screens.  Juxtaposed to this are the mostly female staff all dressed and primped for a night club, not for a sporting event.

While the decor might be a bit odd, the food is quite good.  The menu offers a wide variety of fare, suitable for both lunch and dinner.  Most impressive is the standard of quality.  On one of my first visits I ordered soup only to have the server return to inform me the chef would not be serving it as it didn't meet his standards.  She was apologetic, offered something else from the menu and didn't charge me for it.  They also offer an extensive alcohol menu sure to include something for everyone.  Both menus have the feel of being carefully and creatively designed to ensure quality while providing lots of options.

The after work crowd can be a bit overwhelming.  Between the high volume of people and the music being turned up, conversation can at times be challenging.  If you're hoping to have a quieter experience I'd suggest requesting one of the smaller booths farthest from the two story television/bar area.

Bottom line:  This is a fun place for work functions or to watch a big game.笑
I hesitate to give a sports bar 4 stars, but today was my third rodeo here, since it is conveniently located and I had to get back to my hotel room to work, I popped on in.  And three out of three times, I had a really cool experience.    

The vibe here is intense, very sports-centric.  There are dozens of TV's, one is so large I can't believe that men don't just bring sleeping bags and camp out on the floor.  The music was very loud our first trip in, but tempered the next time.  The food is actually fairly homemade, the garlic fries are pretty divine.  Today I had the chicken fingers, and I was delighted to find that it was real chicken with a real batter (not just a frozen-from-a-bag ordeal).  The honey mustard sauce was also clearly made in-house (or if not, then faked really well!), it was really surprisingly good.  Great selection of beers, super friendly bar staff.笑
Came here after a Raptors game and the place was booming. There didn't seem to be a whole lot of meals being served, rather drinks and bar snacks. Myself and party were actually starving so we tucked into some full had a taco salad and an order of wings. The wings were huge, problem was the sauced them with cold sauce. Ate half of them and that was it. The salad was pretty good. Real chicken rather than processed crap. Only issue was the large clumps of guac, sour cream, and salas all in one area. Poor distribution. Others had wings, burgers, fish tacos etc. No real complaints about the food. The main problem was the noise. It was loud. Too loud to hold a conversation actually. A couple of our orders were screwed up because the server couldn't here properly. The noise level actually ruined our time there imo. It was expensive also. I would go back, just not on a game night and maybe for lunch.笑
One of the best bars to watch the game I  class... Good and drinks are amazing.... Come here every year for all the play off games笑
I WOULD 100% GIVE THIS PLACE A NEGATIVE STAR IF IT WAS POSSIBLE.

Yesterday, me and my friend decided to try this place out after wanting to go for a very long time.

We were seated pretty quickly...but they may as well not have.

Our server approached us, and that was the last time she ever came. She got our drinks and took our order.

We ordered garlic fries to start, and my friend ordered nachos and I ordered the Taco salad.

We waited 45 minutes for our garlic fries and asked every 5 minutes for someone to bring ketchup, they all ignored us.

After waiting an hour on food, the table who had been seated next to us 40 minutes after we arrived got their nachos and food WAY AFTER we had ordered, we had enough. We asked servers around us what`s going on and NOBODY helped us.

We were so fed up we walked right out. 

I am NEVER coming here again, I was going to make my birthday reservation here for 30 people, lol good thing i came here first.笑
Try the $18 burgers and $10 beers. Tax included before tip, expect to pay $35+ for mediocre food just so you can watch the game on a big screen. 

It's just insane and when it's busy the service absolutely sucks. You're going to have to physically chase down a server if you want to eat or shove past seated patrons at the bar to get a drink. 

Tip: if you must go, reserve way in advance, bring lots of money (and patience of the saints) and try sitting upstairs.

Otherwise to hell with it.笑
Beer is great, a lot of locals and regionals. Good for out of towners' (or country).  Lots of views for sports!  Food is good,  well made and fresh.  Come early on game nights it gets packed quickly笑
Totally overpriced for average quality food and bad service. 

My party made reservations for 5, they put us in the back room where we were the only patrons. I went and complained where told me we did not use the correct name on the reservation (which we did because its my name) and now our table we booked was taken. They moved us to a 'better' table but it was still in the corner and away from the atmosphere of the bar. 

I ordered the personal nachos with pulled pork on top. It is huge and enough for 2-3 people but looked like a salad, and was piled so high that it kept falling over onto the table and some onto my pants. The pulled pork was cold and the chips near the bottom were so soggy that it was inedible. 

I also ordered a pound of chicken wings, which cost $28 for some reason. The sauce was delicious but sadly the wings were cold and I didn't even finish them.

The server disappeared so we had to go to the bar to ask for our bill, where they put it all on one and we were all so annoyed and late for the Bluejays game that I paid and we sorted it out after.

Very nice interior and atmosphere, but over priced and lacking quality.笑
All the hype for this place and it is by far one of the worst sports bar experiences I've ever had.  I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with fries for $16....they gave me a mountain of mushy disgusting stringy fries and the sandwich bread was stale, the mushroom tastes old and their was a boat load of garlic sauce that left my mouth feeling awful for nearly 24 hours and I'm dead serious!  If a magazine is gonna call you the best sports bar in North America, the food quality better be there.  Awful, never coming to this over-hyped place again, could never get before anyways because they claim half the place is reserved before sporting events which is complete bull.笑
I never saw a sports bar like this! just phenomenal!
On Monday we went for the first time there. Had machos as appetizer and the Original Burger as main dish. I was surprised about the quality of the burger; didn't expect that in a "sports bar". 
Huge variety of beers and also for food.
Service was very nice, fast and friendly.
The ambient is just amazing with this huge screen and all the different additional screens.笑
Impressive place to watch sports with the largest TV screen I have ever seen in a bar. Friendly service. Didn't eat too much, but the sweet potato fries were good. Huge portions for nachos.笑
This bar is part of the Air Canada Centre and has an amazing Ambience. With large screens set up around the restuarant - you can really enjoy whatever game is going on. I had a portobello panini that was fantastic to say the least. However, the side salad really stole the show and I wish I could've ordered it as my main! My only advice is if you go here ORDER THE SIDE SALAD! It is killer!笑
Best sports bar.
Two story tv and more everywhere you look. One in ever booth. Great food.笑
My boyfriend & I went to Real Sports hoping to watch the Jets game (I know, I know, please don't murder me fellow Torontonians) & were pleasantly surprised that the "DJ" was able to accommodate us by having TSN Jets set up at our table. The food was great -- we had the Canadian Burger (they're great about substitutions & the fries are super tasty) & the tomato soup w/ grilled cheese (no more need be said). They've got a great beer list & an ample supply of any liquor you could ever want, plus a truly impressive milkshake menu. Our waitress was really friendly & helpful. Overall, I recommend this place & will be heading there again. 
My one complaint is that the music, as previously mentioned, can get a little ridiculous-loud. I think they only do that when a game is starting, though; after that it's manageable.笑
Probably the coolest sports bar I have ever been to, this place is a true BIG sports bar. I also think ESPN rates them as the top sports bar in North America, or something like that, nice honor to have. 

Watched a few NFL playoff games here. They have a huuuuuugeeeee projector screen and like 40-50 other TV monitors. Plus private TV rooms. The atmosphere here is fun and they even to interactive games at half time, using a phone app.

Event the food was solid for a sports bar. Had their hot wings, poutine, and chicken rice bowl. 

Every big city or city period should have something like this.笑
This place can be really busy. If you want to see what Toronto people are like with sports just come here. The food is what you would expect but the atmosphere is what makes it so much fun. The energy and how friendly everyone is. It's located right out the Air Canada Centre so it's easy for a quick bite of food right before a game. Parking can be a challenge, or costly. Well worth a visit once just to get the full experience笑
I have been here twice for large functions and I have to say this is the greatest sports bar in the city, and probably the country. Nothing can top watching a game from the second floor on the giant screen. The food and service are also very good. I have a feeling you have to reserve well in advance for a big game night.笑
Great atmosphere bar tenders paid attention and kept my drink full. They even made sure my Bulls game and Hawks game was on. I would make this a stop every time I'm downtown Toronto to catch a game on tv. Food was great tooo笑
I think I will provide the final review of Real Sports for 2010.  I FINALLY visited here on Wednesday evening and wasn't disappointed whatsoever!

If you want any sporting event, they will have it.  For instance I had tweeted if they would have the Chelsea-Bolton match and within minutes they replied.  I had booked a table well in advance for a group of 8 of us.  Thank God I did because I didn't pay attention to the Word Juniors hockey schedule as Canada had played Norway that night and it was pretty much packed.  So if you know your sports, you're probably aware I had pulled a full work shift here.  Ya call me nuts.

You walk in and you're amazed by the wall of TVs There are also TVs within the viewing range in the major seating areas.  Furthermore in the booths along the side, there are TVs built into the wall where you have a choice to change the channel to anything you want to see.  I couldn't see how many buttons there were but I would say 10.   Of course, they must have done a market analysis knowing that us men are channel flippers like no other when we watch sports as we HATE commercials.  

While watching the footie match, I sat at the bar and had my lunch which was a Mac and Cheese with pancetta bacon and 2 cheeses with an arugula salad with parmesan cheese on top.  It was pretty delicious on top of the Rickard's Dark I consumed.   For the evening, the boys shared some buttered popcorn with 3 flavoured shakers.  Instead of having to always go back for more at the theatres, you have these shakers at your disposal. For dinner I had buffalo chicken fingers.  Very spicy and tasty.  You can't beat it whatsoever. 

As for the staff, they are friendly, good looking and not pushy at all.  
For instance, Megan was serving our table and was friendly and courteous to us.  Made even a suggestion for one of our guests at the table.  

My only disappointment was when they asked me to tweet of my presence, @gailgabrielle didn't come by and say hi.  LOL!

ESPN was bang on when they talked about Real Sports being the best sports bar in North America.  I had been to Yankee Doodle Dandy in Santa Monica, ESPN Zone in DC and LA Live and Wegz in Vaughan.  Real Sports KILLS ALL!!!!!笑
This place is massive! We reserved a table for four before a concert on saturday night. Our reservation was for 6:00 pm, we were told to go upstairs and get seated which we did. Upstairs was more quiet and way less busy. We ordered and decided to get ribs and nachos to start. The ribs and their dipping sause were amazing ... on the salty side but good none the less. Nachos were good too. We then ordered our main meals 1) beef dip sandwich 2) tilapia 3) buffalo chicken tenders and 4) jalapeño mac and cheese. We Continued to drink while we waited for our meal ( bud light,  sour patch, Tom collans and a martini). When our meal finally arrived 3 drinks later at 6:50 pm they were all huge portions and tasted very good, however at 6:55 we were informed by our waitress that the next party that had reserved our table was there and that we could take our time but they were waiting and thst ot waz game night so she couldnt find us some where else to sit.Again we were seeing a concert so we couldn't get our food to go and the whole atmosphere went south from there. Needless to say we did not get the opportunity to finish out meals. With all said and done if you are a professional eater who is used to eating under the clock then go here other wise for the price go somewhere else instead.笑
Love love love this place! My favorite sports bar in Toronto. Great atmosphere, great interiors, great giant tv screens, just perfect to watch a game. 

The seating arrangement is very nice with a dining area and a huge bar lounge. Very chic. The customer service is always fast, friendly, and competent. So far no one messed up my orders! 

I always get the usual sports food here: burgers, chicken wings, and etc. The food is good, not upscale or anything but definitely better than all of the sports bars in Toronto. 

Definitely recommend this place for everyone to try out!笑
Pretty epic layout. Busy place. Very expensive. 

Get the Buffalo chicken fingers. AMAZING笑
I finally made it here! What a great restaurant/venue. Food was amazing, atmosphere was killer and Bianca our server was outstanding! Good times at Real Sports Bar & Grill!笑
This is the most unwelcoming restaurant/bar I've been. Ignored when we walked in by the two hostesses, then found that all the tables were reserved, sat patiently for service with nary a hello. Moved to were it looked they were actually servers and the table wasn't reserved. Waited another 5 min before being told that this table was in fact reserved. 
Great space.... Terrible service and attitude.笑
After all the hype I must say that I was a little bit disappointed with my visit to Real Sports. My friend and I booked at table more than two weeks in advance to watch the Canada-USA world juniors hockey game. Having never been here before, we assumed that you would have some kind of view of the famously massive main television from everywhere in the restaurant. Unfortunately found out that we were wrong the hard way. We were seated in table hidden in the back with no view of the big screen. In fact, my friend had to shift his chair to have a decent view of ANY screen.

I also found it weird that they show their own commercials during games rather than ones broadcast on television. This also included turning on music during intermission rather than showing the highlights from the last period. Pity the friend who isn't able to make it until the 2nd period.

Since we weren't in the main section, Real Sports is a not-so-exciting sports bar. Service was decent and my veggie burger was surprisingly good. Everything worked out alright in the end but next time I'll know better to request a specific table rather than just accept the one we were seated at.笑
One of my favorite spots in Toronto. Conveniently located right next to Air Canada Center, you can go before or after an event or enjoy some bar-type food and drinks while watching a Raptors basketball game or Maple Leafs hockey game from any angle (thanks to their jumbo screen TV as well as the other various TVs they have). Over 50+ beers on tap as well as a never ending cocktail list that will not disappoint. Depending on what is happening in the ACC there could be a long wait for a table, but they do take reservations. The service can also be a bit slow at times. I would recommend the pulled pork nachos!笑
I will never return. The service failures on my first and only visit were unprecedented. 

The service manager, Matthew Valentine, although he gave me his card in order to follow up on these, never had the courtesy to acknowledge the email. 

I had sent him details outlining the behaviours he probably doesn't want repeated by his staff which included taking the seat I was sitting on (after having asked for one with back support for an injury) because it 'belonged' to a table that now was occupied. In addition, our whole table was told to vacate our reserved table because, unbeknownst to us, our reservation was limited. There was no notification of a time limit and we were given no assistance to relocate and still had drinks in hand. I'd just dropped $100 on my own lunch and drinks, my friends probably added another $500 but we were treated like cattle.  

The objective here is clearly to move the cattle through fast.

Never again.笑
If you are a huge sports fan, Real Sports Bar & Grill is the place to be!  I have been to Real Sports a few times and each visit I have a great time.  Be sure to make a reservation for table before game night (Leafs, Raptors or Jays), as the place does get busy.

The wait staff were super accommodating last Friday when I was meeting up with a friend before the Raptors game.  We wanted to change our table to a bigger one as we were expecting another friend.  They were able to get use a bigger booth despite being a busy game night.

Food is upscale bar food that is within price point for the area.  Drinks vary from $7-10 depending on what you want to get.

I would recommend Real Sports for sports and non-sports fan, great food and service - you can not go wrong!笑
This is a huge bar, and only great if you and a bunch of buddies want to watch a sports match and drink expensive drinks. Screens galore, if you're into that.  Good selection of beers, and cocktails were pretty tasty. 

The bad stuff. Unfriendly server, and took forever to order our drinks.  The bottom side plate that was already on the table (stack of 2 plates) was dirty. Not just a little dirty, like left over from the previous guests dirty.  Nachos were expensive and unsatisfying.  Wings were also not good. For 1lb I received 6 wings that were too meaty and dry. I mean, I like the skin, so I didn't like their wings.  Tuna sashimi in the tuna sashimi salad was way over dressed (like wilting with so much dressing) and was actually mixed in with the salad. That was kinda gross. 

Over $110 for two adults and two kids for run of the mill pub grub.笑
The only reason I come here anymore are to show out-of-town friends the largest TV in North America, but it's a pretty good place to watch the game and have a drink.

The food isn't fantastic (though my boyfriend disagrees). The cocktails are tasty and the prices are on-par for the area. It may be difficult getting a table since lots of people book the space out for parties, and coming after a local game in the ACC (Leafs, Raptors) or during any kind of televised playoff game is usually a write-off. You can often find reserved signs on 80% of the tables, even when the bar is empty. They'll never kick you out if you don't have a reservation though; just stand at the bar.

Walk into the place and prepare to be overwhelmed, even when it's not busy. There are screens and LEDs everywhere, including the washrooms. If you're lucky you can get a booth, which is more intimate. Wherever you sit, don't worry: you'll be able to watch the game.

Service here is hit or miss, depending on who you're with. If you want to feel like a baller, get a reservation (make sure to call a couple of months in advance - not joking). It's finally NFL season again so maybe I will return on occasional Sundays. Go Broncos!笑
Let's face it, you come here to watch the massive screen and/or to drink a few beers.  For that, I should at least give 4 stars.  However, if you take food and price point into consideration, they get 2 stars.  Hence the average of 3 stars. 

Another huge drawback is trying to get in when there is anything half decent to watch on the big screen.  Booking a table is next to impossible unless you had the foresight to book oh, say, months in advance (don't even know if they accept that), or if you have a corporate account that allows you to have special privileges and accessibility.  Do I sound a tad jealous?  Real Sports is good, if you can get over waiting in a giant line for maybe standing room only.笑
Awesome sports bar. More TVs than anyplace I have ever seen. Really good food, surprisingly good, almost upscale, and decent service. Will go back. Tip: Really good for carnivores, and mediocre for herbivores.笑
Haven't been here in such a long time. But probably my most favorite sports bar ever gone to. But pretty much everything still looks the same as it always has been in the past. 

The gigantic TV in the centre is always the best part of the whole Real Sports experience as well with all the other tv's all over the place. Pretty much anywhere you walk inside the restaurants even to the bathroom you can watch tv, yes Tv's in the bathrooms are very convenient. Previous times when I had come it was usually always busy with lots of people here to watch the games. It's usually the most packed when there are Leafs' or Raptors games going on or any kind of big sports event going on. 

This time around my group ordered for food were Nacho's, Wings and a Poutine. 

Nacho's - large plate and good portion distribution amongst the three of us. 
Poutine- Deep bowl which surprisingly was a good portion to share for 3 people
Wings- We ordered 2 kinds of wings, one set of wings were very saucy and other not so much.. But the size of the wings are huge! Alot larger than the normal wings places. Good  taste and quite flavorful. Overall, food is pretty good beats alot of other sports bars out there. 

Always enjoyed my visits to Real Sports. The customer service was friendly and attentive to our table. Pleasant experience. Always looking forward until the next time.笑
Our waitress was friendly and attentive though she took our order with a bit of mis-communication.  We ended up having a dozen wings instead of half-dozen wings we originally planned.  However, it was ok.  The wings were very delicious but fairly expensive for $28.95 a dozen!

We went there on a weekend early evening.  No major game was playing.  The place was pretty quiet.  

Basically, it's a sports bar.but huge with big screens and lots of TV.笑
Great wings, food burgers... And the beer is cheap. The server staff is nice, it's a good place to go when hockey is on!!笑
I'm a fan of it, for the big game, assuming you can get a good (reserved) seat.

Add me to the food good-for-the-genre, prices-not-unreasonable-given-the-establishment, service-good-efficient crowd.

Couple of additional points:
- The TVs are impressive, especially the (very, very) large screen.  Many of the TVs obviously on the Leafs game, but you could pick a number of games/screens to watch.
- Was out for the Leafs-Sens game.  Great that they play music generally on the commercials and they will switch the game to another one during the intermission so you don't have to watch filler.  Someone is clearly on the ball.
- My buddy's buddy got us really good seats... basically the middle U-shaped booth on the ground floor row of those booths - directly in front of the big screen.  There are some crappy and obstructed seats, caveat emptor if going for the first time.

I like it well enough but to be honest I'm not in a huge rush to return.  Its an impressive yet sort of an empty corporate experience.  It didn't help that the Leafs didn't score a goal in the game - I would like to have seen the bar's reaction.笑
I have a grandson who loves baseball............he would love to watch baseball (or any other sport) on the big screen here. 
Great picture. 
Great way to truly experience a sporting event...short of being there. 
Seeing Fenway Park (aerial view!!) on that screen was awesome. 

Watched a repeat of the "63 point" Michael Jordan playoff game against the Boston. 
Celtics won!......not Michael's time yet. 

The beer choices (draught & bottle) were fantastic. Canadian centric but that is okay with me. 
Went with Okanagan Spring Pale Ale. 
Very nice as it matched up well with my Filet Mignon sandwich with portabella mushroom, tomato pesto & goat cheese on ciabatta (CN$16.99) 
Excellent choice that I recommend. 
Got the poutine as the side.............I am not much of a poutine guy. 

Our waitress was a lovely young lady....I recommend "Angela the Aussie from Adelaide".笑
I went there as a group of 4 and we reserved the golf simulator upstairs. Service was incredible because the upstairs was quite quiet but the servers never failed to return every 10 minutes or so and ask if we needed anything. Also, my company were all right-handed golfer and many of the RH clubs were broken. So the Real Sport staff made sure to help us out.

I didn't know there was a golf simulator there but I'll definitely return. Fun night!笑
Good luck getting a table here when a game is on! Consdering how difficult it is, I probably should have booked a table for the stanley cup finals weeks ago (go canucks go!).

I dropped by on a Saturday afternoon with some friends who were heading out to a TFC game. We had no problem getting a table since it was around 4 in the afternoon and there weren't really any games on at the time. The hostess told us we'd have to leave by 6:45 before a hockey game started, which was fine with us.

Although it was pretty empty on this visit, I bet the atmosphere here must be great during a game. Loved the huge 2 story tv and loved the fact that on the second floor there are smaller tv's everywhere (as we were seated 
on the second floor). 

Since I wanted something on the lighter side I went with the grilled chicken sandwich - Sweet garlic aioli, tomato & provolone cheese ($12.99). Their sandwiches come with regular fries, but I wanted to substitute mine for sweet potato fries, which, by the way, cost me $3! Although there wasn't anything spectacular about this sandwich, it was really tasty, so I really enjoyed it. I think garlic aioli/mayo just makes everything taste so much better!

My boyfriend went with the baby back ribs (which comes in 2 sizes - hungry for $24.99 or "not so hungry" for $16.99). He went with the hungry. I tried some of it and didn't particularly enjoy it. Although it did fall right off the bone, I found the meat a little dry. The coleslaw that came with it tasted pretty good though - not your typical coleslaw.

One of our friends ordered the classic fish and chips. It came with one really large piece of fish (I've posted a picture)! I didn't try this, but my friend said it was pretty good. 

Overall, I enjoyed my experience, but I guess I'll have to report back after I come back to catch a game!