The cleanest subway I've been to. Nice customer service and well made sandwiches. And Todd told them about how they owed him a sandwich from a long time ago and they gave it to him, no questions asked.Ǿ
i love Subway. i really do. usually its fast, healthy, and one of those work lunches that doesnt make you want to curl up under your desk and take a little nap during the afternoon. 

i do not love this particular Subway. they are ridiculously slow. i dont know whether its due to the fact that employee's aren't quite seasoned or if they just dont care. they also have a strange assembly line thing going on. one guy does bread/meat cheese. one guy does some of the veggies and the last guy puts on your 'sauce'. this creates a giant cluster if one of the guys asks you a question that doesnt apply to his section. that means the next guy is going to ask you the same question again or he'll lean over and ask the first guy. well, thats even if the first can remember the sandwich he's making after youve told him for the fourth time.

i can deal with the lack of efficiency and the very distracted sammich makers, but i really wasnt a fan of the cashier who decided to bring up the latest tragedy in Tuscon and give me her whole opinion on the situation. i just stared at her blankly and prayed to the cashier gods that the register wouldnt break. i just want my damn sammich, not a lesson in political leanings. thanks.Ǿ
Employees have no sense of customer service and God forbid you ask of anything that inconveniences them. Stay away from this location if you really want subway. These people should be grateful they have jobs. 

Ask for mayo on the side and be sure you define regular mayo. Otherwise they'll give you light because it's too much effort to squeeze the regular stuff into a container. 

Want to split a sub and get two different 6 inches on a coupon for a foot long? Any other location will happily take your request into consideration. For this location. It again comes down to being too much effort.

Let's put this location out of business and give someone a job that values it.Ǿ
Relatively clean location.
Staff is prompt and efficient ftmp.  Menu items are relatively good and reasonably priced.
What I don't like it they keep changing the menu layout.  It's not like they add multiple new items, they just keep moving things around and creativing new categories.  Seems they have a $8.00 sub -did you know that?!

Overall the place is convenient, both in location and menu items, and often times a last minute option when we can't decide on dinner.Ǿ
The tuna didn't taste fresh. Too "fishy", and oddly enough, couldn't really detect mayonnaise so they were either a bit cheap on the mayo or used a totally no-fat version, {?}. Classic tuna salad should have a flavor of mayonnaise in it.  But what they served was like tuna in water wrung out of a can.  I asked for and received "extra" mayo, in little packets. But since it was a very low fat type {they likely used to begin with}, the flavor still didn't improve.  I also think the girl skimped on the amount in the scoops I got too {but who cares the flavor was lousy anyway}.Ǿ
This is a good Subway. Always fast, friendly and they are not stingy with the toppings. It gets crowded at lunch time so go early.Ǿ
Unfriendly staff, dirty restroom w no tp.... how difficult can it be.... it's Subway! And I'm laid back... no excuse for unfriendly/poor service in my opinion. I've served the public all my adult life... if it's not for you DONT WORK W THE PUBLICǾ
Very friendly staff. My order was completed soon and correctly. I feel obligated to give a good rating after all the bad reviews I saw here. They were great.Ǿ
This place has finally gotten itself together.  New management came in about 8 months ago, staff stabilized, and now I would say that it is on par or better than your average Subway.Ǿ
So... I think I'm done with this subway. 

You know that $6 meal that Subway offers? You can't get it here. They will ALWAYS AUTOMATICALLY UPSELL you to a $6.10 meal with a bigger drink. They don't tell you, and you don't have any way to know until after you've paid and have your receipt.Ǿ
Service seems to have gone downhill at this location, as it takes much longer to get your sandwich made these days. There are also some general stocking/restocking issues. For example, today the Diet Coke fountain ran out of syrup so it was just spurting out soda water.