I didn't like the tiny blond waitress with glasses entered her own tip to my bill 25%. My girlfriend and I went to lunch. Watch your back and wallet with that smiling sneak thief of a sub human. I know management doesn't care. Their burgers are awful, frozen lacking in flavor.Ǿ
Boy, this location keeps worse each time we come here. Do not come in here after 11:30 pm even on an evening when open until 1 am and expect good and proper  food orders.Ǿ
The manager, going by the name of Kristy was by far one of the rudest and under cover racist people I've encountered. And if I was a betting women, I'd bet my life she was hitting on a female waitress. I heard most of their conversation. And it was very annoying!Ǿ
Absolutely love coming here. Me and my girlfriend stop in at least once a week. We've been coming here for about a year now and have made it our place to go. The food is just like any other Applebee's, however, when you stop in as often as we do, the staff begins to recognize you. We're always treated great here, wether it be by the greeters, our server, or sometimes even the manager.Ǿ
love love love the steaks they make!!! there are times when I beg my husband to take me to applebee's because I want their stake; I eat stakes everywhere, even the Japanese Steak Houses where they only make steaks weren't like Applebee's :)

the only No at this place was, I oredered pine apple juice and it was so old that it smelled and tasted and kind of even looked like Mold;

but other than that I love theirr Stakes :)Ǿ
I had a wonderful experience at the Green Tree Applebee's restaurant on my way through Pittsburgh. Even though it was Saturday evening, Applebee's was able to accommodate a group of eight with no problem. They had a nice corner table available.

The waitress was fabulous! She continually came to refill drinks and update us on the status of our order. The steak was excellent. Applebee's steak has a great flavor and I had to trim very little grissle off of it. The only downfall is some of the side items have very little flavor. This restaurant offers a small children's menu.

Applebee's can be a costly trip but just prepare in advance for it. 

This particular Applebee's sits up on a hill in a small plaza. If it wasn't for Google Navigation, I probably would have driven right by this restaurant.

Overall, I highly recommend this Applebee's location!Ǿ
I went to an Applebee's several years ago & thought the food was dreadful. I went back today because that's where my son & grandkids wanted to go. The food was even worse than I remembered.

I had the shrimp Thai salad. It was so spicy I couldn't really taste anything. 

In fairness, my three grandsons liked their triple bacon burgers & sliders. 

They also enjoyed the games they could play on the little monitor at the table. 

Bottom line: If you're a kid who judges your food by quantity, this place is OK. If you're an adult who likes food with flavor, skip go somewhere else.Ǿ
Great service and the food came out hot, delicious and timely! We got the 2 for 20 deal, but they also have 2 for 25 that includes steak. They have tons of specials and happy hour! Make sure you check the website for the happy hour times..I'll be back!Ǿ
Not impressed   The server was pleasant enough but we waited over 15 minutes for an appetizer. She didn't refill drinks. The food was lukewarm when it arrived at the table.  My salad was missing 3 items that were supposed to be on the salad.  When I sent it back, it looked as though the items were thrown on. Not very appetizing. Asked for a manager, she never came to the table. Although we could hear her yelling at staff in the kitchen. 
I had the same salad at the North Huntingdon PA location and it was a totally different salad. The lettuce was crisp, the components artfully arranged and the shrimp was hot.
Bad night? Not sure and we won't be back to find out.Ǿ
This was the first Applebee's I ever went to back when I was in my high teens or low 20's. The upbeat commercials were enough to draw me in. Today, as an older and much more cynical man, I'd probably snicker at them and at my younger self for wanting to hit-up an Applebee's so much, and yes with Applebee's it can depend upon the location and what you order. They're also a chain, which makes them difficult for critical eaters to like, but the dinner I had at this location was too hard not to enjoy. 

The Brew Pub Pretzels and Beer Cheese Dip were as delectable as any appetizer I've had at any independent restaurant. The flaky chew of the pretzels themselves were akin to a baguette merged with a churro, and come to think of it, they would have made for a dream of a dessert if paired with sugar or a glaze or hot fudge. In this case, however, they came with a dreary beer cheese dip (think of glue) and a honey mustard that was tasty enough in a sweet-vs-bitter way to allow me to ignore the former. 

My "pink inside" Quesadilla Burger may come off as blasphemic to some, but damn when that grilled tortilla cracks under the pressure of your teeth and sinks through the juicy beef, radioactive orange Mexi-ranch, pico de gallo, diced onions, diced tomatoes, shredded lettuce, bacon bits, jack, and cheddar, you realize that you're just eating a new, groovy kind of taco. 

Kay ordered from the Take Two Seasonal Menu and found salvation in her Lemon Shrimp Fettucine as did I when I finished the remnants of it, morsels that were much more flavorful than should be allowed at a chain. 

Dessert was the brownie sundae's polar, Earth-2 opposite in the Butter Pecan Blondie. Sizzling like a concert with pyrotechnics, it came on a broiling, cast-iron skillet as a dripping vanilla ice cream, a cream cheese sauce, and glazed pecans hung on for dear life. One of those dishes that turns heads and induces envy in others, I relished its honey-smacked notes and dense texture. 

Jaime, our server, was a hoot, and chatted with us famously as we dined overlooking Cochran Road. Not minding my unkempt appearance (it was a long day at the mine), the manager held the door for us as we left, assuaging our guilt over eating out on a weeknight. "Eh, what the heck?" he said to us. "You look like you deserved a treat." 

P.S. Behind us sat a party of 3 that we didn't actually see until we left: 2 adolescent girls and an erudite middle-aged man with a rich, baritone, radio-ready, and familiar voice. As we walked out the door, I finally saw the man in question: It was none other than Pittsburgh Steelers legend Rocky Bleier enjoying dinner with his young, adopted daughters. Reportedly, he's a Mt. Lebanon resident, so come. You too may have a brush with fame!Ǿ
Terrible customer service, Sunday evening, May 21 at the Greentree location. It was like the server was testing us to see if she could get us to leave, so we did! Tons of empty tables, but we were seated in the far off corner next to a broom and bucket, that were set IN the walkway of the dining area. Gross. But it was the reaction of the waitress when I asked that the tv sound be lowered that caused us to walk out. TVs were all over the place, not just at the central bar. We could hardly hear ourselves think with the TV blasting commercials. According to our server, ALL restaurants are now like this and we better get used to it. She smugly added that once the game on tv ended and the music began, it would be even louder. She seemed to delight in making things as difficult for us as she could. So we left. And we'll never go back.Ǿ
Says they deliver on here... Wrong & wrong again & should not be checked! I like Applebee's & thought the delivery was something new for the Pittsburgh area... Don't know if this is something Yelp does or something someone checked off... But not cool!Ǿ
I have been a fan of this Applebee's since I was a little girl who would come here and only eat their amazing cheeseburgers and layered chocolate cake. I was heartbroken when said layered chocolate cake was taken off of the menu, but now that I'm of legal age, other parts of the menu have made up for this. More on that later.

I think compared to other restaurants in the chain, this Applebee's is a little bit smaller than other places, but the essentials are all there: comfy seating, a bar, TVs, and most importantly: good service. Plus, it has the essential Applebee's staple: a darn good menu. (Well, I think it's good anyway. If you like Applebee's menus in other lcoations, you'll like the one here.) In recent years it's also adopted a "light option" menu, which is positively delicious and provides perfect alternatives to things like that tasty but not-so-good-for-me burger I used to eat on a regular basis. Fortunately, steak with shrimp and potatoes and the perfect balance of spices on top make up for my inability to always indulge in my original favorite meal.

Also: this place is home to one of the biggest margaritas I've ever seen. Joe's Crab Shack still takes the prize for 1st place, but 2nd is no small feat (no pun intended) and this place is much closer and easier for me to get to. Also, free parking - always a big plus.

All in all, I still enjoy stopping in here for a good meal, and I plan on continuing to come here in the years to come.Ǿ
Loved our server Jaime!

Loved their Brew Pub Pretzels!

Love their Take Two Seasonal Menu, the Green Goddess Wedge Salad, and the  Lemon Shrimp Fettucine!

Rocky Bleier was there! Yay!Ǿ
Applebee's is a nice place to go with the kiddos. They have appetizer specials during the late hours (10p-12a I think?) and from 4p-6p. The  drink special was a Long Island for $6 on Friday night. The menu always has plenty to chose from. I personally wish they had more healthy seafood options. 
  The choice of tummy satisfaction attempts for this meal were the French onion soup and the cedar salmon. The soup was definitely just "plopped" together, as seen in the picture, but the taste was fine and typical of the soup. The salmon was served on top of a potato, spinach and zucchini mix with a creamy sauce on top. It was very tasteful and the salmon size was generous and cooked very well. I will order this again.
  The restaurant is friendly to children. They have nice appetizer and drink specials. The service has been pretty steady for us every time we come with friendly servers and decent attention. We also never have to wait to be seated, even when it's busy, and our food always comes out timely. We are usually in and out of here for dinner within 1 hour to 1 1/2, depending on hour fast we eat!Ǿ
Service was great, but the food was lacking. I ordered the Fiesta chicken roll up. There where two small (1inch) pieces of chicken in each half. It was stuffed with lettuce and a ton of cheese. Looked nothing like the menu picture. I've been to this Applebee's twice in a year or more and the food is always poor.Ǿ
Great place to relax after work and best thing is they open late.I ordered dinner special 2dishes for $25 and served with appetizer!!wooooow Great deal everyone.
Nice drink selection great service 
Good place to hangout over the weekend or after work:)Ǿ
I am giving it 2 stars ONLY because the manager was nice. Our waitress was awful..the food was inedible...how do you screw up mashed...instant mashed by the managers admission...potatoes? Consistently of cement and zero taste. How does a cook forget butter and salt? How do you cook and send out a medium steak that is so well done that it can't be cut? Save the money and the frustration and go somewhere else.  I came home and made a delicious grilled cheese.Ǿ
I went there for my daughter's birthday. The food was great. The waitress were friendly. They sang for my little sweet daughter. It was the best dinner ever.Ǿ
I eat here 3 or 4 times a year, lately the menu has improved try the woodfire steak with veggies, bacon cheese potatoes, good stuff. The staff are always courteous and attentive, I have never seen it overly crowded and never had to wait. It is family friendly with a variety of kid menu options.Ǿ
There service here was friendly and polite, but the food was just kind of poor.  The spinach/artichoke dip, for example, looked right but was quite bland in flavor.  Other items seem to be randomly either over-cooked or under - some real inconsistencies here.Ǿ
Applebee's is a chain restaurant that you can find almost anywhere. They do offer lunch specials during the week which are smaller portions but you can pair two items and save money. Each time I visit I'm greeted at the door and made welcome.

I normally order the French onion soup and pair it with a salad and it works quite well for me. They do serve it with a bread-stick which I always enjoy Service is good and waitress attentive. 

They do offer a full size menu and of course there is a bar menu. They have free Wi Fi available and manage to make your visit enjoyable.

It's a good place to stop if you're traveling or just want to stay on a budget.