Never disappointed.  Friendly service.  Fast.  Food is fresh and delish!  It's our go-to place for Chinese!!笑
The day after my bad experience, I actually called and spoke to the manager. He was super nice and apologetic and told me he would make sure I didn't pay for my next order of broccoli. I decided that their house special chicken, the manager and the super nice delivery guy were too good to give up for one bad employee who is lacking in customer service. Hopefully she got some training. Did I mention how good the house special chicken is?? lol笑
The pork fried rice is awesome! We have tried multiple items from them some good some bad but all in all they are quite tasty! I also enjoy the shrimp egg foo yong!笑
We ordered for delivery and were told it would be an hour.  Just under 2 hours later, still no food.  We called and cancelled and they just say sorry.  Do not order delivery...they are too useless to accommodate in a reasonable fashion.  Order at your own risk...just know delivery will be an all day affair.笑
Surprise for a city of 100,000 people has a lack of good restaurants.  Most of the decent ones are chain restaurants that are predictable but nothing great.  Chen Wok is an exception to the rule.  I have yet to be disappointed by a meal from them, whether it is dine-in or take-out.  The owner and his wife are usually there and greet customers like family.  Repeat customers will find that they are remembered.  If one has ordered the same thing twice, they can usually repeat the order from memory.

They do not own a steam table; every dish is cooked to order.  They are more than willing to make adjustments to fit your personal preferences.  I am a vegan; they will even leave out the egg in their soups so I can eat them.  I also love spicy food; I order the Ma-Po Bean Curd extra extra spicy (actually the way to word it is, "As Hot As Possible.") and have never been disappointed.  My wife orders Teriyaki Chicken but has a sensitive stomach, so they accommodate her by going light on the sauce.  Their menu is varied enough that my kids can order whatever strikes their fancy at the time.

Some of the pervious reviewers disparage Chen Wok for being small with "Costco Tables."  If one wants atmosphere, then go to P. F. Chang's and pay triple for half the food.  Chen Wok is fine example of the small independent American business.  They deserve your support and patronage a hell of a lot more than the McDiarrhea's in the parking lot.  I gave them 5 stars because of value and quality and taste.  I can live without the pretentious of atmosphere.笑
Ordered delivery for a family of 6 costing over $80 with tip. We all agreed quickly into our meal we should have ordered elsewhere. My husband's pepper steak had so much pink he just ate his rice. I felt so bad bc he hadn't eaten all day and there was a lot! of pink! My daughter spit out so much fat from the sweet and sour chicken I let her throw it out. My teriyaki chicken was by far the worst I've ever had! It truly was awful! After 2 bites of what tasted like maple syrup fish I too just ate the rice.  The orange chicken and Mongolian beef was okay according to my kids. As well as the fried rice and crap puffs. Overall rating is equal to 1 star for undercooked, overpriced, poor tasting food, chicken didn't taste like chicken. Service was very good however. Was going to call to complain but being it was late and we were all tired I just chalked it up to never ordering from there again and letting others know our experience.笑
Great place for a tasty lunch.  Since they make everything to order, I often order the mixed vegetables and have them spice it up.  My favorite is the House Special Chicken.  Plenty of food for the price.  A good selection of dishes.  What's not to like?笑
This place has gotten much better than the first time trying it the year they opened.  Now, the food is much tastier.  We usually get the shrimp dishes: fried rice, lo mein and shrimp with lobster sauce.  All tasty and as good as you can get for chinese food in Surprise.笑
This is one of the best in Surprise.   The food and service is really good and economical. We haven't found one in Surprise that taste as good as Chen Wok.笑
I'm disappointed to write this review as this place used to be one of my favorites. We ordered delivery from work and it took over an hour to deliver 5 miles and the food was not good. I take that back my friend enjoyed her orange chicken. However, my boyfriend got the Kung pao chicken and said he only ate it because he was hungry. I got curry chicken and it was the worst I've ever had. I ate enough rice to stop my tummy growling and actually threw the rest away and I love leftovers and am not a picky eater. So many better places around Surprise that are good, maybe it was a bad day, not worth the money.笑
You always know good Chinese food when the people in the kitchen are telling jokes in Cantonese.

You know how good it is?  It's SO good, when I took my visiting parents, my dad actually stopped eating, went to the counter, and complimented the chef.  Now that's good.

The best menu item by far is the lo mein.  It doesn't matter which one, they have chicken, pork, shrimp, or just veggie.  It's not overly oily, and that luscious aroma from using a wok just can't be beat.  You feel healthy and naughty all at the same time.  

Every time I get an urge for good Chinese food and don't feel like cooking, that's where I head!笑
I love this place, eaten there a handful of times and have never been let down. Today was especially great. I called in on my way home from the mall to pick up an order, I had a little car trouble and after being stranded for about 45 minutes (bout an hour after I ordered) I had to call and cancel my order which I apologized profusely for. About another 45 minutes later I was rescued and back on the road, I called a made my order again, once more apologizing for the inconvenience. When I arrived I was greeted my a gentlemen and a women, the gentlemens first words were "are you okay? Is your car okay now?" He was genuinely concerned, also handed me an ice cold bottle of water free of charge. Mind you the temperature today was 119. Other than wonderful customer service the food is always piping hot and super tasty, I went with the shrimp lo mein and crab puffs. 5 stars doesn't cover it, I highly recommend this place!笑
I read a bunch of these reviews and was nervous about trying Chen & Wok but figured I'd give them the benefit of the doubt.  We ordered delivery and the service over the phone was very friendly.  We ordered on a Saturday evening and knew it would probably take a long time so that was to be expected. They told us 45 minutes, but our food arrive short of 30 which is always awesome.  
     Maybe I'am spoiled from the million and one Chinese take outs from the east coast but the food was not that great here.  I wasn't expecting gourmet or anything but like the other reviews said the food was very greasy dripping from the boxes. Not the end of the world but the flavors of the veggies, chicken and other goodness were completely lost in this mix. It was like eating bland shapes of what looked like food that were propped up with sauces to make it taste somewhat real.  If they could tone down the oils and sauce by half their food would probably be amazing. Sorry guys but I won't be ordering here again. Hopefully they read some of these reviews and adjust their food a little bit. Best of luck.笑
So if you like decent food and a lot of it don't go here. I ordered broccoli beef teriyaki chicken dinner and house lo main and it felt like 15 pounds of food.  The house lo main is my favorite chicken pork and shrimp with noodles.  When you call wait times are between 15-30 depending on when you order and how busy they are. I always feel someone bad eating here because it's right next to a gym. I walk out completely full getting in my truck looking at people working out.笑
Absolutely Terrible bland food. I had the shrimp in lobster sauce and the sauce was brown instead of white like it should be. I will never order from this place again. Really bad food, such a disappointment.笑
Large portions and average prices for any Chinese restaurant. Fast delivery but the food isn't that great. Shrimp Lo Mein had no flavor except for the shrimp which tasted like it came from a muddy pond or something. I also ordered the orange chicken which only came with minimal sauce on it. Some pieces didn't even have sauce on them. And the beef and Broccoli was super salty. Hopefully I just ordered on a bad day because this used to be my favorite place in the area笑
We have ordered take out multiple times & have always been impressed. Unfortunately there are exceptions to every rule. Delivery has always been within one hour except for this evening which took 2 hours. I understand being busy, but please inform the customer up front of any known delays.笑
I ate here twice and both times I was confused?  Was I eating Chinese food?  I was hoping this would be a great lunch stop, since its so close to my house.  With so much Chinese food restaurants to pick from this is one I avoid.  
I have to say the food is on the greasy side and the huge grease trap outside is evident from the alley on the side. 
Inside is very small with a few tables and supplies fill the back corner.  Not a pleasant place to sit and eat, take it home or on the go.笑
You get a lot of food for your buck here! I'd recommend paying the $1 extra for white meat chicken. Friendly and fast service. Egg rolls are tiny but they are cheap. House chicken was just okay but orange chicken was great.笑
I don't know why so many people give bad reviews to Chen Wok. It's one of my favorite chinese places in Surprise and has been for years. They have a large variety of food and huge portions! I have literally never been disappointed with my order from here. Plus, they deliver. Who doesn't love that?笑
I have tried Chen Wok a few times... I think I kept hoping the food would get better since they deliver. It hasn't gotten any better, and I've finally given up. We had orange chicken and cashew chicken with fried rice last time. Everything was bad. They delivered quickly and were friendly... If only the food were appetizing :(笑
I love this place! Their delivery is fast, the food is delicious and reasonably priced. The restaurant is not fancy but it is fast food so what do you expect. They pack so much fried rice in their containers you won't believe it. Give this place a try.笑
My wife and I just got home from a long flight and wanted some Chinese for dinner on a Sunday night. Not wanting to go to a buffet and over eat bland dishes...we thought we'd try this local place. Well...I wish we didn't! Although I am going to give them two stars for the cleanliness and friendly greeting...that's about where it ends. I tried the cashew chicken and my wife tried the sweet & sour chicken. I refuse to order a drink from places that only serve cans of over priced soda, but my wife had a .99 cent can of 7UP. As for the food...my dish was way too hot (still steaming 15 mins later, the chicken at times had globs of fat on it, and every so often I would find bits of other dishes in it. I ate about 1/3 of my large order and threw the rest out. My wife thought her sweet & sour chicken was so-so, and the rice that came with our order was very dry and tasteless. I want to close with the menu had NO General Tao or Sesame Chicken! Two very common staples! In closing the place is clean, and people nice, but you can do much better for even average Chinese food.笑
Pretty good stuff. Wish they delivered to my house, but we can't have it all. :-) The lo mein has a good flavor and the house chicken is delicious (and a bit spicy). One thing that needs to change is the egg rolls. I am used to larger, fried egg rolls.These are more like spring rolls. I will be returning for takeout!笑
Normally these little hole-in-the-wall chinese restaurants have great food. Not this place. Every thing I've ordered from this restaurant has been so greasy they had to put the leaking container in a plastic bag. That is just too greasy.

In terms of decor, I don't think this is the kind of chinese place you sit down and eat at, it's definitely more of a to go restaurant. 

The price is average and you do get a decent amount of food for the money. It's just a shame that their food isn't that great.笑
This place has amazing fried rice. The staff is always really friendly too笑
Literally the worst $13 for one meal I have ever sent in my life.  I had the sweet-and-sour chicken dinner for $12.73, it was literally so over cooked in Chewy I didn't eat a piece of it. So disappointed笑
Great Chinese food!  Not sure why this place gets negative reviews.  It is my go to when I am craving Chinese food.笑
Ordered from them at 6:04 p.m. for delivery...at 6:52 p.m. no food...called the store to find out where our orer was and was rudely told, "I don't know, it's not here, so it must be on it's way"...7:23 p.m. no food...called to cancel order, and while on the phone with them the delivery guy shows up...I agree to pay, but no tip...get our food, and start going throug the bag and noticed some extra items...fried wontons and spring rolls...maybe free because they were late?...nope...there was a knock on the door...delivery guy gave us the wrong bag...got our food finally and it sucked...worst lo mein ever...will never order from Chen Wok again...oh, and sorry to the people who's food I fingered for them...笑
Best Chinese food in surprise,  friendly staff and owners. Dining in isn't the greatest but the food is worth ordering and picking up.笑
We've ordered about 4 times. And it's not bad chineese. However, I am very allergic mushrooms and I don't do breaded chicked. Tonight we ordered take out. We have family in town. When we ordered we said "no mushrooms on this dish, she's allergic". Once we got the food home we noticed there was in fact these pesky littlw buggers that make me sick. Very sick. Imagine having family in town thaf you haven't seen for a long time, sitting down to eat after a long day only to realize you can't eat anything on the table and have to go back (we live avout 10 mins away). I'm so bummed. We will not be back. My advice, because food allergies are dangerous, is to maybe highlight when someone asks for something specific.笑
Top 5 chinese restaurant in the state of Arizona, best food ever, its set up for take out, owners are always there, and they deliver.笑
I picked up my dinner tonight and was thoroughly disappointed in the entire meal when I got home.  The portions are ridiculously large and my Almond Chicken tasted like it had medicine in it.  The rice was not hot and totally sticky (mushy).  I think it was  steam table food.  I ate a few bites and threw the entire order in the trash.  

I would prefer to get less food with good flavor then a pile of bad food!笑
The food is pretty good here and so are the portions. However, make sure you check your bag every time you go. They staple and tie the bag but it's worth opening and checking. Especially if you order white rice. Without fail, every single time we've been there they have forgotten that. If you want it delivered it'll probably be about 45 min and if they forget something(95%of the time) then it's another 45 min(even if it's one box). I used to eat there frequently but it's time to start checking other places out. 
The food isn't bad, it's the customer service. My dad called upset and stated that it happens every single time whether we are in store or having it delivered and they had the nerve to question him about the order as if he was lying. And on top of it there were no apologizes or discounts or anything given.笑
We've tried them a few times because we want to support local businesses but we are just never impressed with the food.笑
Ordered delivery and was to my 15 minutes quicker than quoted.  
Ordered sautéed spicey beef extra spicey.  It was excellent.  Only complaint is it could have been spicier.  No biggie.  
Egg rolls are tiny but good. 
Overall I'll order from them again.笑
Never again.  Soup was tasteless and all the food was missing in flavor.  Fried rice had been burned.  We ordered delivery and when the food arrived we noticed how hot it was.  After we began eating I noticed the containers had a note on them "microwave safe", which is ironic because I believe all the food was prepared sometime long before delivery and microwaved just before delivery.  VERY disappointing.  We won't be calling them again.笑
This place reminds me of Oriental take-out in Boston, Massachusetts small shops with excellent food and service. We ordered the Chefs Special for 6 and once again were not disappointed. Pricing is fair and we'll worth what you get.笑
Look maybe I'm biased because I currently live down the street and I ONLY, I repeat ONLY get 2 things off the menu here. SO I can ONLY vouch for those 2 ITEMS i do purchase. But they make BOTH OHHHHHHHH so good. 

They have a house speclial FRIED RICE thats BOMBBBBBB ladies n gentlmen. I HIGHLY suggest it. I mean it's so good I write my name on it in my fridge, that good. 

I also get the egg drop soup WITH cracker thingy's they sell for a little extra $. All in all when I call up to order these 2 items it takes them about 15 min to prepare and I go pick it up then enjoy. 

Again this is the only 2 items I have ever ate here, Honestly I have no complaints about either thus why I don't change it up.笑
Chen & Not.
My orange chicken was ok. I've had much better. It was hot, temp hot, not spicy hot... like so hot I couldn't eat it. Like, I left it in the microwave too hot, if that makes sense. I had to cut pieces in half and wait for them to cool.
My husband's mongolian beef was weird. The meat was spongy and just well, weird. He didn't even finish it.
Most combo plates come with an egg roll or won tons or something. not her...nope, just meat and rice.
The only drinks they have are pop in cans or water bottles and bottled drinks, no fountain drinks. And my can of 7up was only kind of cold.
We also saw the owner (he obviously doesn't speak English) yelling at the girl who takes orders. The chinese woman in there was translating the yelling. It was very unprofessional to do in front of customers.
We will not return. Bleck.笑
This place was horrific. 

The sign on the door says gourmet, but I think they meant that as a joke, or to be ironic. Hole-in-the-wall is an understatement. 

We walk in and there are a few tables to sit at, however, this is not a dine in joint. You must order at the counter, and unlike Panda Express, you cannot see your food before you order it. 

They asked if it was for here or to go--a customary thing to do--But our food came in to go containers even though were said "for here."

Two seconds after ordering, they brought out our food. I think it's safe to say, there was no real cooking going on behind the scenes. 

I ordered the vegetable fried rice. Believe me when I say I could have made better rice with my feet.

My companion ordered the sweet and sour chicken...completely inedible. It was dark in color, over cooked, and we could not find evidence of chicken present inside the crispy chunks. He took two bites and threw the whole meal away. It left a bad after taste in his mouth.

They do not offer fountain drinks at this establishment, only cans of soda. Which are piled up in the corner like a supermarket display gone wrong. I ordered ice water and received a styrofoam cup of tap water WITHOUT ice in it.

In the end, I fully expected to open the fortune cookie and read, "You should have known better."

Negative star笑
Chen Wok is probably the best Chinese place in Surprise, we probably order here once a week and delivery is so fast! They always tell me within an hour and they're always here 15 minutes early or less!

My family and I like trying new things on the menu, but our favorite is probably the house fried rice, orange chicken, and crab puffs! The sweet and sour sauce is apparently made in house and it's the tastiest I've had. 

The workers are so nice and helpful and the owner is the sweetest man, he always gives us free egg rolls with our order.

Chen Wok deserves more than 5 stars!笑
just ok, i usually feel like crap after eating here, but they deliver, and you always get a ton of food.笑
The portion sizes are very good, one entree will feed a couple people. The large soups are more than one person can eat. I order take out, had the moo shoo pork , the crepes were good sized, but there was a half inch of standing watery broth in the plastic bag. I am glad it didn't spill in my car. It was fairly tasty.  I also had the szechuan beef, wasn't very tasty and the pieces of beef were too big. But I live in the delivery range, and I an sure I will hit good items off the menu.  Good food is hard to come by in Surprise.笑
We know good oriental food when we taste it and Chen and Wok is not good food. Most oriental food is not overly greasy and this food was way over greasy.  We ate 2 bites and toss the 2 dinners out into the trash. The shrimp was over fried and very brown. 
The noodles had scorched edges.  Save your money and go elsewhere.笑
When C&W first opened, it was okay.  It was also the only game in town for about a year, so we sucked it up, ordered our lo mein, and were thankful that it wasn't Panda Express crap.  But as others have noted, the increasing amount of not-so-tasty oil used in every single dish is a big turn-off.  It's cheap and it tastes like it.  

The last 3 times we've ordered from them for take-out, we've had mistakes in our order.  Not, "We gave you someone else's food, oops, my bad," but mistakes like ordering family style tofu and being sent home with tofu soup.  Or asking for a large fried rice and small steamed rice -- and getting a large steamed and small fried.  That sort of thing.  To their credit, they've been great about fixing such screw-ups, but it gets old.

We now don't eat there at all, even though it's much closer than our preferred Big Buddha.笑
Not really "gourmet" Chinese, but it is good. We have ordered from them several times now, and have not been disappointed. We have tried a variety of choices from the menu, they're all good. Choose what sounds best to you and I'm sure you'll be satisfied. No, it's not the best Chinese food we've ever had, but we do like it. We will continue to order from them as long as we're in this area. We always get delivery.笑
General Tso's and chicken fried rice had no flavor.  Chicken in the fried rice was chopped up.笑
This poor little place. It gets so many bad reviews. You clearly either love it, or hate it. I love it. Their veg lo mien is awesome and their orange chicken is as well. I've found the pork lo mien has a little too much pork and the pork is kind of chewy. But their menu is expansive and you get a ton of food for what you pay for. Bonus is they deliver.笑
Haven't eaten here in years.  Their food is mediocre but they deliver & we are hungry.  I ordered over an hour & a half ago.  I understand it is Saturday night but really.

Thank you for confirming that this place sucks on many levels.  Last time I ordered from this place (a few years back) there was plastic in my soup.  I thought it was a fluke but called to complain & they asked for proof.

This food better be good.

I doubt it.  

Never again let hunger override better judgement.

It took 1 hour & 45 minutes to arrive at my house.  I will be calling tomorrow to complain.

 Just as horrible as expected.  Every dish was barely above warm.  Bland & the chicken teriyaki was hard, dry & teriyucky!  Do not eat here!  Let them shrivel up, close & allow a good restaurant to open in it's place.笑
Take out: Lots of rice in the take out and a good pile of the main course too. Quality isn't top notch, but they are trying to give lots of food for the price, geared for family dining on the cheap. ie.  Plenty of celery and onions... 

For another dollar or two a plate you can do better. And the shame is so could they, but I'm sure they know what their clients want. Quantity over quality.笑
I have order delivery from Chen-Wok for years.  The food is really economical, and it comes right to your house.  For those of you whom expect food to be sizzling, freshly seared off a wok, be real.  This is take-out.  Chen Wok separates it fried items from the sauces so you get crispy morsels, with sauce to be poured over them.  (For example, sweet and sour chicken.  Sauce comes on the side so the coating on the chicken doesn't get soggy.)  In all the years I had one item missed (house fried rice), and the owner personally drove it to my home.  I've had the owner himself, as well as two delivery drivers (Linh and Justin) both whom were friendly and efficient.  Their food is quality.  The average deliver time is about 40 minutes.  Don't complain, just plan for an extra 10 minutes.  Order with confidence!

Angela Ort笑
Love this place. You definitely get more for your $. I recommend paying a little extra for all white meat when ordering chicken entrees. Delicious笑
BEWARE! OILY NASTY MYSTERY CHICKEN! This place does not care about the quality of food they put out. EVERYTHING WAS WET WITH OIL - down to the crunch noodles. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!!!!!笑
I've had great meals here and so so meals too. it depends on the day of the week I guess. We get the hunan chicken-its not on the menu but its always good. their lo-mein is always good and the portions are huge. We always split their dinner specials. its reasonably priced, close by and quick. There are definitely better Chinese restaurants in the valley, but it is surprise and not exactly the height of food in the valley笑
Great food , great service at a great price! There delivery is really fast and they always have a smile! Highly recommended!笑
Last three times we have ordered, it's been wrong. This last time we called back, they wouldn't help us fix the order and argued that we ordered it wrong. We have been getting food from them for five years. Sorry to say,  this will be the last time.笑
My wife and I have been long time frequenters of all the Chen & Wok locations. We were pleasantly surprised to find this location. 

We usually go for lunch and have never had a bad experience here.

Their dinner menu is a little pricier than it needs to be and that's why I gave them 4/5 stars. I've never had a bad experience at any of their restaraunts...笑
Definitely not a dine in restaurant no fountain drinks no ice water was warm and the food was a 4笑
This is my favourite Chinese take-away in the area. I'm not particularly fussy when it comes to Chinese food - it doesn't take a great deal of skill to make and typically it all tastes the same to me, so I'm basing this review on value for money. You get a LOT of food for your buck here. I'll usually get two dishes and a fried rice and for about $20 I'll walk out with about three pounds of food. They pack the fried rice so tightly into a large container that you almost need a shoehorn to get it out later. Some dishes are quite tasty - my favourite is the pork with black mushroom and snow peas.

Some dishes, however, aren't that great. An order of Mongolian Pork would have been better termed "Mongolian Onion" - 1 part pork to ten of green and regular onions and sauce. And as for the Yui Shan chicken, eurgh. Weakly spiced, sludgy, and sweet as molasses - chicken, zucchini, carrot and mushroom. Won't get that one again.

Most of the time you'll get your order in 10 min or less, but I've been there when it's been busy and then they kinda buckle and I was waiting over 30 mins. Wasn't a problem that night, but if it becomes a habit.. (shrug)

Anyway, better than Big Buddha (Greenway and 303) - way too pricey with way too few items on the menu -  and a tiny bit better than Golden Wei (although GW has a larger seating area). Chen&Wok is a tiny place, about maybe 6-7 Costco tables, so it's better to order take-out than sit in there under their bright lights and have dinner while watching Andrew Zimmern eat frog's pizzles on their crapburger 10" telly..笑
I really like this place! It's small but I don't expect a grandiose atmosphere like some of the reviewers obviously wanted.  Like one said "Go to P.F Changs for that".  I love the food here and the people! They are very nice and after you've been there a couple of times, they remember you.  Even when placing a phone order!  I have the house chicken, which is FANTASTIC! It is spicy but not so much that you can't even enjoy it.  They give you big portions, so one lunch special for $5.00 is enough for 2 servings.  $2.50 a serving?!? You can't beat that.  I can't really say anything about the oiliness of the food, since I do not find mine to be oily at all.  The food ALWAYS comes out HOT!  Some much so, that it can not be eaten right away. Never have I gotten my food in 2 seconds as one reviewer did and I eat there often.  If you are looking for good food that is not over priced and just want to eat and not worry about all the decor and what not, then you should give it a try!笑
I am sad to write this review... As I used to LOVE this place. However as of late, it's been hit and miss. More miss than hit. (Insert sad face here!) 

The prices have gone up, serving size has gone down. I'm all about understanding the economy and what not... However this was the best part of eating here. 

I've learned that it's cheaper to order my food ala carte at lunch than as their "special lunch combo". 

For example; 

Lunch menu - white rice, sweet sour chicken is $5 (roughly). However if you want the house fried rice (it's so yummy and filling!) it will cost you $4 more! What??!! That's right, almost the cost of the whole meal. So now it's $9 for the "lunch special". (It used to be $1.75 up-charge.)

The second to last time I ate there after ordering my lunch (to go) with the upgrade and adding in fried won-tons it came to $14.79. Twice the price as a week before! No joke, it was!!!! First time ever I have never tipped them. Why? what they told me over the phone and then charged me were 2 different prices! The next time I went, I ordered ala carte and it was the same price but with WAY more food. 

Bottom line - order containers at lunch if you want the rice upgrade. The food is good, which is the only reason I gave them 2 stars. 

My stars explained:
(1) location, ease of parking, lights, 
(2) how clean and organized they are, restrooms etc.. (they have never earned a star from me) 
(3) value. which I count as 2 stars 1 * for cash/debit/credit and 1 * for price of food vs quality of food, size of servings.笑
Always the best food here. Orange chicken, house fried rice. I have yet to find a better one here in Phoenix. Even delivered the food is hot and crunchy  not soggy... I had all kinds of different things here but orange chicken is by far best!笑
Today was the first and last time I'll eat here. The staff is friendly enough but the food is horrible. Within the first bite of their steamed rice and of their cashew shrimp I had to spit it out and throw the remainders away. The portions were decent enough but the taste; no. 

The egg rolls were tasty but very, very small. The last item we tried was the crab puffs which were tasty. Sorry, I will not be coming here again though.笑
most likely will not be returning to this location. the employees that i dealt with- wasn't able to catch any names- girls were not the most friendly workers that i have ran into. were not helpful at all with questions that i had regarding the menu, and therefore the food i received wasn't what i was expecting. didn't live up to the hype i had heard from others, and it was too pricey. better chinese out there than chen wok.笑
OMG! This was such an amazing turn around experience that was had here. I have ordered before from this Chen & Wok and didn't think it was to great. Can't believe how much this changed my mind! 

Total price: $14 
Order: Spicy crispy pork, Chow mein, and Crab puffs. 

Spicy crispy: So fantastic! Amazing flavor and the perfect amount of heat. The only thing was the meat was more chewy than crunchy. 

Chow mein: Wow looks can be deceiving! The noodles didn't look that great but the taste was definitely there. It had like a soy sauce and light teriyaki taste with some possible oil. 

Crab puffs: These were really flavorful but didn't taste like a Chinese food crab puff. In addition, there wasn't really much crab on the inside. However, it was stuffed way more than most places and you got 6 for only $4. That's a great price! The breaking was perfectly crisp! 

Def go here! It was this good even 30 mins before closing. Now that's dedication!笑
Probably the 2nd best Chinese food in Surprise. I much prefer Big Buddha on Greenway and the 303, however this is much closer to my house so occasionally I will find myself stopping in. It is the definition of mediocore Chinese food. Pro-tip Don't order anything fried.笑
My first review I eat out all the time with my mom...everybody knows me and her ..so I write with expierence ..THE WORST customer service...I ordered chicken fried rice...chicken tasteless..I swear I left the food with one bite I could barely swallow it ,the manager was terrible didn't offer another alternative to whAt I ordered..just a miserable manger or who knows maybe the owner..but he needs to stay in the kitchen!!!!!!!..I wil NEVER EVER go here even if the other dishes are good..customers service TERRiBLE!!!!...please take classes !! There are sooooo many restaurants !!!!,..your not the onLY ONE ANYMORE..OK..GOT IT!!
Noooo stArs...0 , zEROI
I guess I have to give you one star I can post .oh well your lucky笑
This place has pretty good food at decent prices.笑
Chicken n broccoli tasted like it was just doused in soy sauce. Everything else was mediocre at best. Poor customer service. They took order down incorrectly (probably bc they were also taking phone calls during my order) and acted like it was my fault. I will not eat here again.笑
Wow - I tried ordering  delivery from this place.  I was relunctant because of the mixed reviews.  The lady on the phone was so rude I hung up.  She could barely understand english and refused to take my order without knowing a cross street.  I am visiting and don't know this area but the place is only a couple miles away.  She then put me on hold and I heard her complaining about me because I didn't know the cross street.
Ruined my night and put me in a bad mood.  Don't go here - they don't know how to treat their customers!!!!笑
One of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever ate at. Been going here for years since the place first opened. I highly recommend the House Fried Rice and the Mongolian Pork. The food just melts in your mouth. Very authentic and delicious.笑
I started going here since the place opened a few years ago. There was no other Chinese place in Surprise (that I knew of) at the time. Oil is definitely a main ingredient in their dishes. The beef dish I had once was pretty bad and never ordered it again but always loved the orange chicken with lo mein noodles. Lunch specials are pricey. Now that I'm a vegetarian, I have better options so I've never went back. The owner is friendly but always on the phone taking orders. They don't take American Express.笑
I love the food and the fried shrimp is especially good. The delivery drivers are nice as well.笑
Super fast and super friendly!  Whenever I'm craving some good take-out Chinese food, this is the place to go.  They have great prices and you get a decent amount of food for the money.  The owners are very personable, he even brought each of my kids a toy when delivering to my house once.  We've tried other Chinese food places in the Surprise area, and have found Chen & Wok to be one of the best.笑
Oh my gosh I love this place! I have been coming here since they were on 75th Avenue and Cactus and then they moved out to Waddell. They give you so much food and it is so incredibly good!!!笑
This place is amazing! Since moving back to Arizona, it's the only Asian food we've ordered. Their delivery time is average 45 mins to an hour which is quite the wait. Well worth it though. Prices are reasonable for the insane amount of food they give you. On average, a family of 4 can eat for about $23. Again, well worth it since driving to a drive thru costs about the same and uses gas money. The lemon chicken is amazing as well as the crab ragoons. Always get the lo mein because it's one of a kind. Truly delicious! Oh, the delivery drivers are great as well! One man in particular (older Asian) makes me laugh and smile every time. He remembers me, even if it's been over a month since the previous order. He bows and is extremely grateful for the $5 tip he gets. I give more if I can afford it, simply because he's such a pleasure to do business with. Food is always hot & fresh, I love this place!笑
This place is just bad. We ordered large szechuan beef w/ pork fried rice, large orange chicken w/ pork fried rice and a small beef w/ broccoli w/ pork fried rice. Also grabbed some crab puffs. This still came out to over $50. 

The beef in my szechuan didn't taste like beef and was very mushy. The beef in the beef w/ broccoli tasted like bad pork for some reason. The Crab puffs were less than average. The orange chicken was mostly breading and was oddly salty. 

There isn't a single part of our meal we enjoyed or could possibly recommend. I live less than a mile from the location and it still took over and hour to deliver and I was told it would be less than 45 minutes.

Quick recap: Bad food, bad prices, slow delivery and a overall bad experience. I won't be back. I wouldn't  recommend them to anyone either.笑
The pork fried rice just may be the best in town. Definitely one of the meatiest. Great delivery service. Friendly employees.笑
Chen WACK is what I call it! I would have given it no stars if I could. This place has failed to meet the mark way too many times hence my review. I don't write about places to often good or bad but at this point I feel that if I can save someone time, money, disappointment, and sickness then it's my duty! This place lacks in the flavor department hardcore. 90% of the food is bland! It's just horrible in my opinion! They give you great portions but the quality is very lacking! Avoid this place at all costs! Unless you go in the back and help them season and marinate the food your getting plan on eating chinese that has no soul or flavor.笑
Typically this is my go to spot for take out. I hadn't been there in a while when I called in my order last night. The store was filthy. It looked like they had been slammed with business all day long. The wait was also long. The thing that really got me....this obviously annoyed customer gave some feedback, not rude, but I could see he was clearly annoyed, when another customer was rude to him, ok fine, but then one of the mail employees told the customer to go home...really??? How about cook some of the orders and not yell at those who contribute to your pay check. Not sure if I will be back, after all, Big Buddha is close and very good.笑
Man, Surprise is really ripe for a great chinese place, however this is merely passable, not great.

I have never eaten inside here, so I can't compare to some other reviews about the interior.

I will give them credit first in that delivery was fast, I was quoted 45 mins it ended up more like 20, the driver was very friendly, and the prices were reasonable.

The food left a bit to be desired though.  Lots and lots of rice, and an ok amount in the "large" containers too.  

Everything had too much funky oil on it.   The S&S pork was ok but the pork was a bit overcooked.   We also had orange chicken, which was not the least bit spicy as the menu noted...in fact crappy panda is spicier thank this, which was disappointing.   The crab puffs were probably the most disappointing, not much stuffed in and it was not a pleasant taste or consistency.

I'd probably give this place one more try because the service was very good, but would order different items and hope for an improvement.笑
It's ok, but I wouldn't drive across town for it.  I suspect delivery is a large portion of their business.  Atmosphere was pretty much a zero.  Broken windows covered with cardboard, (I hope that is temporary), simple set up with chairs and tables, soft drinks sold by the can only.   The food was hot and serving size ample, the orange chicken was just that with rice, (hey how about cutting back on the chicken and adding some sort of vegetable except rice)?  .  The orange chicken was good, but it didn't have any "wow" factor.  While waiting for my order it sounded like the entire kitchen staff was spanish........the counter help was friendly.  This place is close by my work and there really isn't much else around for Chinese/oriental food so this place will do when you have the urge for asian.  If it gets better I will update.笑
Average chinese place, nothing special. Very cheap lunch specials, no room to sit in so you have to pick up. They charge an absurd delivery fee so its really not a viable option.(like 2-3$plus tip) minimum order 15 plus the fee笑
Shitty little Chinese places usually have alright food.. not this place.. nothing we tried even tasted good. A real emphasis on shitty! Ordered tofu, sweet and sour chicken and egg rolls as well as house lo mein.. I think it was the oil because everything sort of tasted rancid and was seriously greasy. Also the shrimp in the house lo mein didn't smell very good so I picked it out.. still the greasy noodles didn't sit well with me or my friend. She ended up getting sick right afterward though I was fine. 

I am convinced that there is ZERO decent Chinese in Surprise! Perhaps there is another place I should check out?笑
Decent food ... OK service and pricing.  This is close to my house and a convenient place to eat Chinese food.