This location is right down the street from my job which is convenient, but what's not is the fact that I have to wait AT LEAST 15min every time I'm in their drive-thru, even if there's just one other car in front of me. The service is always so slow, and it's definitely a deal breaker for someone who is on their lunch break.笑
Arby's has always held a special place in my heart since childhood. My father and grandfather took me often...anyway love their chicken cordon bleu sandwich. Everything that I have had on their menu is good. I will say they are a little pricey though! The food is good, and they do have the meats! Lol笑
It has been while since I ate at an Arby's.  So long that I don't remember what used to order. Since the commercial Arby's have showing on tv I have been wanting to try it. Finally today I did. I ordered the Medium Combo, that is the rueben, fries, and drink for $8.29 before tax. that includes 60 cents for the upgrade to medium. The rueben, and fries were hot. The marble rye bread was so soft and tasty it does not have any rye seeds. I miss that I like the seeds on mine. The cornbeef had a nice flavor to it. Over all the sandwich was pretty good and all the flavors blended well. The things that I would fix to make this sandwich awesome would be: Spread the meat out over the bread so that would cause for more meat, add more thousand island dressing and saurkroute. And bam! You got an awesome rueben.笑
I was not going to review but I have to.   I rolled up to the window and saw the person making my phone with one hand making my food and another hand on his phone.  Then he went from his phone and touched the bread to make the sandwich with his bare hands.  I don't mind but that is a health code violation.
  I was not going to review that. But today I went to go order a buffalo chicken slider and onion rings.... and I tried asking for an iced tea but then I heard the guy laughing in the background. I waited for a good 30 seconds with no response after I said "can I have an ice tea."
  Then he eventually says OK one onion ring and one jalapeño slider.!¿. 
  It was obvious he was not paying attention to my order so why have this guy at the cash register. Whoever does the training at this location is not doing a very good job.   Not only did he get my order wrong,but I had to repeat myself and said I wanted a nice tea multiple times because he was not paying attention.  I'm OK with laughing at work but this guy was being an immature douche bag.  Bad staff, bad customer service, bad training..

Go to Jack-in-the-Box across the street, they seem to have good managers and good training.  Much better health code rating too.笑
Suuuuuuuper!! Slow!! No fast food restaurant runs efficiently as a Chic-fil-a and that includes this Arby's. Such a shame to wait 20+ minutes for 2 roast beef sandwiches and a fry. Last time here.笑
The General Manager of this location is absolutely phenomenal. He acknowledged me as soon as I walked in the door and once I had placed my order, he looked at my credit card and wrote my name on the receipt so he could call out a name instead of a number when my order was ready. The location itself is outdated but the service demonstrated by the GM was fantastic.笑
This location always turns out to be really convenient because it's attached to a BP gas station.  It's really cool when you can fill up your tank, buy a few snacks and pick up lunch or dinner.  The location is very clean and the staff is professional and always courteous.  The only confusing thing about the setup, is that the condiments are located around the corner in the dining room near the soda machine.

One note for chocolate lovers:  If you're a big fan of the chocolate turnovers like I am; you'll want to get there before 9:30 pm, because they have a tendency to run out of those pretty early.笑
As soon as I pulled up to the drive thru I realized that I should've just gotten fast food. Every time I come to this Arby's it takes me at least 15 mins to get my food; It doesn't matter if I go inside or go through the drive thru. Sheesh, they move like molasses here. 

They ALWAYS have cold fries. But what else can you expect after spending 15 mins waiting for your food?

Why do I return you ask? Because I just can't stay away from the MEATS! And those fries...they're just so...curly.