I'd heard about Jo Jo's on various food blogs, websites (Man vs. Food), etc. and couldn't pass up the chance to go when I visited Pittsburgh in September. I was actually incredulous at how big the eponymous Jo Jo Omelet could be, but whoa! First of all, Jo Jo's sort of has this reputation for being a bit dingy, having bad service (as it originated as a diner mostly for truckers), etc. but it was, all-told, pretty fun. We went on a Saturday morning and the wait was about 15 minutes for a table. The place has absolutely no ambiance whatsoever, but it was crowded with couples and families. The servers/waitresses are extremely ornery, but I think it's part of the experience. 

Once we were seated, we looked around at what everyone else was eating. Surprisingly, no one was eating the Jo Jo Omelet, but they do have HUGE pancakes, excellent looking egg dishes, etc., so I can safely say that basically everything here is good. Well, we did come for a reason, so of course we went for the Jo Jo Omelets... The only mistake was ordering one each. We should have really shared one, and even then, it can be shared among three or four easily. So what is a Jo Jo Omelet you ask (aside from the most expensive thing on their menu at $9)? It's basically a HUGE omelet filled with sausage, peppers and onions, wrapped around a ton of home fries (see my photo for an idea!). Not only was everyone gawking at us when the server placed them on our table, but we were sort of in shock at how big the thing actually is. With that, we dug in and I was successfully able to put away about half before my heart began to hurt. My friend was able to eat even less. Sadly, we sent most of ours back (just because we were so full), so word to the wise, SHARE IT. 

Otherwise, Jo Jo's is a great Pittsburgh experience and I'm looking forward to going back on future visits (once my heart recovers). It's centrally located in the Strip District, so makes a good place to start the day for shopping and walking around in nice weather. Absolutely recommended.Ǿ
First off:  I'm a picky eater, so take this with a grain of salt.

Okay, I'm not from pittsburgh.  I am not overweight, not a hipster, not on any of the plethora of drugs, I own my own home,  Probably most of all, I've never heard anything about this place before walking in, so I had no idea what to expect besides "Lets get breakfast."

If you are the opposite of any of these points, this place is probably worth a try for you.

We had a horrendous wait, but I think that was a complete fluke:  we had a huge group and there was an event that weekend...I don't think anyone with less than 3-4 had that long of a wait at all.

The waitresses are ornery, but not rude...just clear.  They aren't going to make nice or kiss your rear, they're not there for that.  I found this respectable, and liked it.

But the food?  Oh God.

Pros:  Portions are massive, all the other reviews will tell you that.
            1) Prices are reasonable, cheap even, but I suppose that has something to do with the fact that the first pound or two of your meal is pure potato.  Seriously...I think I had at *least* three idaho russets in chipped form on my plate alone.
            2) ....uhm.  ....  Nothing was dry?

Cons:  There was no color anywhere.  Absolutely everything on every plate I saw in the place was some blend of beige.  Potatoes, egg white, pancake, sausage...after you tilted the whatever-grease-that-was out of your dish, everything was the same color.  
             Half my dish was potato.  
             The egg was not over-medium, it was still-runny, even the whites.  I presume this was because they were slammed, and didn't have time to cook what were almost certainly factory-chicken eggs.
             The sausage was not identifiably sausage.
             I had my entire day's required calories in butter alone on the toast.
             There was seriously nothing remotely healthy on this menu.  Nothing raw, nothing green, nothing fresh, not even as an ingredient. Even McDonalds has a fruit cup, ffs!  TACO BELL has better quality food!
             

Take one look at the clientele when you walk in.  It attracts exactly the kind of people you would picture in a dingy greasy-spoon truck-stop.  If you are not one of those people, Do Not Bother, this place makes Denny's look classy.Ǿ
It's impossible for you to leave here hungry. The portions are HUGE! I love the homefries. If you order sweet sausage, it's the size of a quarter pounder. The eggs were cooked perfectly. 

I love this greasy spoon. Always good grub.Ǿ
Like breakfast? How about an omelet?  Good, you've come to the right place! - and bring yer friends.  You will need their help in eating your food.   Just get there early or you'll be standing in the doorway until seats free-up.  HUGE omelets, HUGE sausage patties, LOTS of hash brown potatoes and not too much cash.  This is a great mom and pop shop that will kill you and you will love it. If you are in dire need of a cholesterol increase, quick, get there NOW! A tasty way to die happy.  Just do it.Ǿ
Lots of food! Entertaining to sit at the breakfast bar and watch them cook it! I don't think I've ever seen anyone there finish their plate. Get there early because seating fills up fast, fast, fast! It's like a Pittsburgh secret, but sometimes secrets get out. They make their pancakes with, like, corn meal or something but still great potatoes, great omlettes. HOT OFF THE GRIDDLE!Ǿ
My favorite restaurant on the planet. I've had some many memorable meals here. I love the fact that this is a diner that operates by serving the post-bar/club crowd and truckers through the night, and families in the a.m., hence the midnight-noon hours.

The omelettes are amazing (try the Jo Jo). I recently brought some New Yorkers here who had never seen breakfasts so big. They ate it all too. The potatoes, though soaked in cooking oil, are the best on the planet. I love the toast, and the homemade spicy hot sausage. The ownership and staff is so friendly. I can't tell enough people to go here... it's the absolute best.Ǿ
My heart is still trying to get back into regular running mode.. The portions from this place are insane.  Food is delicious, decor looks like a dirty truck stop.  

The omelets are INSANE, bigger than my head.. speaking of things bigger than my head.. the Sausage patties are in fact that large.  

Service is what you'd expect, pretty good for an overworked crew.Ǿ
yes! another greasy diner breakfast place that i so miss...Literally specializes in the best omelettes ever! very generous portions but great food.Ǿ
Mr. Obama you haven't had breakfast in Pittsburgh until you've gone to JoJo's! (Pamela's has nothing on this tasty dive!)
Don't let the humble literal hole in the wall decor scare you! Taste the best The Strip District has to offer in produce, meats and bread. You'll meet the elite of the burg and the humble truck driver here cause they all know how good it is! 
My fav - Spinach Omelet. Large and in charge this more than breakfast portion will leave you full and happy. Now if you care about your cholesterol make this a once in awhile place but if you live for bacon, sausage and all things breakfast make a point to go to JoJo's all the time!Ǿ
Excellent breakfast in a totally non-ironic crummy diner. It's a long wait on weekends, but worth it.Ǿ
4.5 stars????   Really?????  Based on what?   The food is okay, but not great; standard breakfast diner fare.  The staff is friendly.  The prices are all right for what you get.  What I found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating.  The seats at the counter were torn and tilting off the base.  The booths were fast-food style: hard and tight.  It's as if they designed the seating to be uncomfortable so that you wouldn't linger.Ǿ
Like the reviewer below (hi there!) I also am a fan of Jojo's. So what if they use canned veggies and most definitely cage-d eggs for their GIGANTIC omelettes, the feeling you get is probably like getting a fix of your favorite drug. There is just so much salt, fat, and ingredients resting massively on your poor plastic plate that I'm overwhelmed to pop up to three stars. 
Two kids in a booth across the aisle with their family were pouring so much syrup onto their pancakes that the ginormous pancakes became an island in a sea of syrup. 
Our place mats had a quiz on sports and their players.
The whole place was taupe from what I remember.
I sure do love America.Ǿ
Good hangover breakfast. HUGE portions. ANGRY service. Get the sausage.Ǿ
Jojo's is the epitome of a greasy spoon diner.  We went one morning after trying to get a seat at Coca Cafe.  At first we were skeptical from the exterior of the place, but after walking in we were surprised to see it was completely packed and there was a line.

As we were seated, I noticed lots of people were eating omelets and decided I was going to get one too.  I ended up ordering the famous Jojo's omelet and an endless cup of coffee.  It had peppers, onions, mushroom, spicy sausage, American and Provolone cheese as well as home fries.  The omelet itself was a giant monstrosity.  I have never seen an omelet so big before.  For a frame of reference, picture the largest calzone you've ever eaten.  It's probably bigger.  It's basically a heart attack on a palte.

The omelet itself was pretty much what you'd expect.  It's just all the typical ingredients in an omelet brought together.  If you're hungover over ravenous, it's definitely the place to be.  People who think Pamela's has large portions haven't seen anything yet.

I hear they're open in the wee hours of the morning to cater to truckers driving through the area, so if you're out partying at one of the clubs in the strip and need food but don't want Primanti's, Jojo's is always available.Ǿ
talk about a greasy spoon dive.  went there for the first time.  almost drove right past it, it was so non-descript.  place was packed.  staff was very friendly.  had breakfast.  food huge, the price excellent but it tasted okay.  standard diner fare.  i have to admit that the potatoes were excellent.  nice and crispy.  but the decor...yikes.Ǿ
Ah...Jo Jo's.  What can I say?  Forget Primanti's at 2 AM.  I'm no fan of starch on my sandwich and I fully expect (and invite) the crush of Pittsburgh haters that will say that I am blaspheming.  I just don't like a whole meal on my bread.  Lettuce, tomato, appropriate condiment and meat.  You say "weirdo" and I say "renaissance chick".  Anyhoo, this review is constructed from the few drunken moments I can remember from when I went, but I do recall the comfort of the wooden pews, the waitress patient with drunkards, great scenery from the other drunks, staggering in and out.  The food was large and in charge and sufficiently greasy to make sure you could function the next day.  I feel that grease and hooch battle it out in my tummy and grease always wins.  I got a booty call and subsequently had my order wrapped to go, which the waitress was really great about.  Turns out I probably should have stayed at Jo Jo's!  ;-)Ǿ
Clearly based on other reviews, I should try this during daylight hours. 

We went after a long night out, landing there around 2:30. I've been to plenty of late night places, after-hour bars, etc, but I've never been as scared as I was at Jo-jo's. 

2 fights broke out while we were there. First a group of guys, then their girlfriends. Then a guy at the next table threw up on the ground -some splashing on my leg. 

Then we heard police sirens and the fights were escalating - so we bolted. Maybe this is a rare experience? Anyway - I won't be heading back anytime soon!Ǿ
This is one of my fondest Pgh memories.  I moved away years ago, but can still taste those potatoes and see the omelette hanging off the place after a long night at The Millenium (see, I was there LONG ago)!  I always dream that I'll go back for a visit and enjoy some JoJo's...  I can't wait for that day to come!