USED to be the best place in MTL to watch a sporting event.

This place used to blow places out of the water! BEST prices in Mtl for pub food, and drinks. (Still it) For sure the most affordable pub in MTL.

However. Once they expanded, quality went down big time. Service is slow now.. Mostly young inexperienced students as staff. Their TV's are becoming old and discolored. There are spots in the establishment where the sound doesn't work well or is broken.

It is still one of the best spots in MTL to watch a sporting event, but not number 1 anymore. It used to be a hands down win for this Sports station.

Prices are still great, and the food is good, besides the quality and care being a little less now. (Meaning food isn't served at the same time, sometimes overcooked and things are mixed up or forgotten)

Can't go wrong with ordering their Steak sub, wings, or nachos, Soooo good. 
I'll keep going back to watch Habs games, reason for the 3 star is because I remember what it used to be before the expansion. 4 star, maybe even a 5 because there was no place better..笑
A spider was in my beer glass and the waitress decided, AFTER I paid for it and tipped her, that a "bug never hurt anyone". No it may not, but if that's what you tell all your customers, you may not have many left. It's basic customer service and courtesy, refilling someone's 500mL of beer won't "hurt you" or shut down your business. Common sense.笑
Terrible last two experiences here. ZERO quality. The chicken wings tasted like shoe leather and the nachos had .10$ worth of cheese. Instead of investing in competent staff and quality food, this restaurant chose to spend its budget on large flat screens and a nitwit manager. The management was rude and guaranteed that I will never return to any of their establishments. Zero respect for their customers and no understanding of customer retention.笑
Happen to stumble into this spot when I stayed at the hotel du fort on my third trip to the city. As a native New Yorker I'm totally picky about my sports bars and I was initially skeptical of La Station but after a few, OK a lot, rounds of Johnnie Walker and some interactions with the friendly bar staff my bud and I were hooked. The prices were pretty cheap for downtown and the food was fine but the reason to hit this spot is for the atmosphere during the sporting events. Very lively crowd during Sunday futbol games. Every time I'm in the city I'm sure to drop in for a double or triple shot of Johnnie Black on the rocks. Say hi to Leila the bartender, Jane the waitress and Eddie the bar hand for me!笑
Sports Station is what every bar would look like if the Germans had won the war.笑
Nice sports bar. TVs all over showing many different games. Food is just OK. Wouldn't come back here for a meal.笑
The waiter dropped a big heavy plate full of food on my head....my clothes and my hair are full of salad dressing and all greasy stuff so yeah ...cool place , i would give 0 stars if i had the option笑
For f***s sakes. 

You have one guy drinking tea and me. That's it. Why can't you get me water when I ask? Why do I have to go get the salt and pepper I asked for off of a table while you talk to your friend? Bread stale and hard as a rock. Majority of staff either outwardly don't care (bitching about the place when applicants come in) or straight up can't be bothered (how much to swap fries to salad is written on the computer two steps away yet you can't be bothered to look and answer the question I'm asking you). GUYS ITS REALLY NOT THAT HARD. not two words as my plate is put in front of me and you walk away. This place has perfect breakfast right across the street from school but an unreal percentage of the staff here are shockingly incompetent.笑
First n last time. Very bad service from the entrance. 10 min waiting to be seated, the place was empty....
Cocky Young waiter in the section Near the terrasse!!! We walked away to Pub Mclaens Wich is MUCH better.笑
Horrible. Even the cheese on the top of the nachos was not melted. Greek salad was just a garden salad with a hunk of feta on top. Couldn't figure out the TV's to accommodate the watching of a NHL final game. Isn't this Montreal?笑
We went here while visiting Montreal for the Women's World Cup and needed a place to watch the USA game. We had checked previously via twitter to make sure they would be showing the match and was assured they would be. My friend that arrived first got us a table, and we were surrounded by televisions that were showing the earlier WWC matches... until they switched all the televisions to a different men's match, despite us being the only ones in that half of the building. It took about 20 minutes for them to get themselves situated and finally put the women's match on that we were there to see - thank goodness we got there early! 

The food was, to put it simply, quite underwhelming. I had poutine, which was okay, and my friends ate hamburgers that looked like frozen burgers - and not the good kind of frozen burger. Drinks were expensive and they had a shockingly bad selection of beer. 

Go somewhere else to watch a sporting event. Try Cage Aux Sports - they were extremely accommodating to us and the food was way better.笑
I've been here many times and every time I'm disappointed. It's funny because I always say I'm never going back but then 3 or 4 months later I give it another chance. It's been horrible ever since they renovated a few years ago.
Yesterday I went to see the 49ers play the Panthers at 1pm with my buddy Tom. It took a while to get the game on and it took about 30 minutes to get a beer ordered. Our waitress left at 2:15 and we paid our bill. After that nobody came to see us for 3 hours (I'm not even kidding). At 5:15 a new server came and asked if we needed anything so we asked for the manager. When the manager showed up we explained our story and he said there was nothing he could do.
Also, they changed the game on out tv at around 4:15 and there was still almost 8 minutes left. We missed a 75 yard touchdown pass and the 9ers were only 7 points back at that point.
The manager could have offered us a free beer and we would have stayed to eat supper and spend more money, but because he's an idiot we went over to La Belle et La Bête and spend our $100 there. It was amazing btw!笑
Like all Station des Sports locations, this one is great for getting blitzed and watching sports on TV.  We were unfortunate enough to accidentally pick a fight night to go, so most of the TVs had that on instead of hockey, but when we requested that the TV that was most within our range of vision be put on the Sens game, the server was happy to do that.  They're diligent about trying to make sure they can accommodate larger groups on a night that they anticipate being busy.  (The third person in our party was quite late and the server asked us to twitch to a two-top until we told her we were expecting another.)  The service was friendly and light years faster than the service at the Village location.笑
Si vous voulez aller en  famille regarder la game des canadiens de Montréal avec vos enfants vous allez être refusé à l'entrée. Je voulais simplement regarder le match avec famille et amis. Ils ne comprennent pas le concept de resto/bar. JE SUIS VRAIMENT DÉÇUE! Je donne ce RESTO/BAR 0 ÉTOILES!! Merci.笑
What a great place to watch a game.
The routine was amazing and the 120oz. Beers were even better!
While on a bachelor party with 18 other guys, we rolled in on a Sat night on the recommendation of bartender from another bar. They found us a couple of tables together and even put the Bruins game on 2 of their numerous, huge, HDTV's.
Their goal light and horn made the atmosphere great when the Habs scored.
Our waitress was fantastic, had no problem splitting the bill between the 3 tables. After the party switched from the 4L pitchers of beer to drinks we decided to cash out and couldn't believe how affordable our tabs were.
1 of the best sports bars I've ever been to.笑
First time in Canada.  Pull into Montreal, got lost, got hungry so parked the rental car on a street corner and walked into the first restaurant I saw.  Happy to find full English speaking staff, english menu and amazing prices for amazing food.  Got the pork souvlaki platter for $7.45.  Beers were around $2-3 per pint.  Plenty of TV's and varioius bar games.  Was there about noon on a Sunday and noticed several others ordering huge breakfast platters.  I didn't see anything at all on the menu over $10 and the portions were huge.  Doubt I'll ever find myself in that part of Montreal again, but would definately recommend to anyone in the area.  Waitress went out of her way to help me orient the local map and point out some easy tourist sites for my 48 hours in town.笑
Service horrible. Attante interminable. Bouffe pas mangeable... etc... genre 45 mins pour avoir notre vin + 30 minutes de plus pour notre poutine sur l'heure du diner quand il n'y avais que 3 autres clients. Le serveure allais cruizer la barmaid deriere le bar et ne fesais pas attention a la salle a manger quand on lui fessais signe.笑
Worst experience ever.  Food was just not good.  I asked if I could have the double boss burger cooked med rare.  They told me that the burgers are only cooked one way.  Apparently that way is well done/burnt cause I thought I was chewing a rubber hockey puck.  The service was awful.  It took a good 15 minutes to take my order on a slow day.  The burger came without bacon like it was supposed to.  And the burger was one of those too big to actually bite into deals and no extra napkins were provided. After not being able to flag down the waitress, I resorted to stealing napkins off the surrounding tables.   
It was cool that they had all the nfl games there, but the one I wanted to watch didn't come in right and would blank out on ever play.  Very frustrating watching a food all game that blacks out as soon as the ball is snapped and then comes back in at the end of the play. 
I asked to talk to the manager cause of my burnt burger, the game not working right, and the chip in my glass that cut my lip.  I ask the waitress in the 1st quarter.  Then asked another waitress at grab the manager in the 2nd quarter.  Apparently he was busy cause after asking a 3rd waitress to speak to the manager in the 3rd quarter he still never showed.  By the time the 4th quarter came around, I was so frustrated I left.  I was trying to post this review while I was there but their wi-fi is so shoty, the post wouldn't go through.笑
This place seems to be busy all the time, and it was completely jam packed on a Saturday night with a UFC fight. Drinks are the cheapest I've seen in Montreal, but they are priced differently depending on event. I tried their nachos and poutine and both come in good portions.笑
Paradis sur terre pour les amateurs de sports! Comme le bureau est proche, nous y allons régulièrement! (1-3 fois semaine!) Par contre je n'ai pas essayer beaucoup de choses sur le menu! Club sandwich Sports station, Meat lovers pizza et la poutine saucisse sont très bonne!笑
Came here to watch the Mtl game and ordered the SDS platter. Everything on the platter was oversalted and I only had a bit of everything, half my plate will be thrown out. Ordered a nonalcoholic drink and its as sweet as the maraschino cherries that top it. 

I would only recommend this place to watch the games and grab a drink, not for dining.笑
I'm only giving a 3 because the waiter we had first was a total @$$. He was completely rude - when we wanted to place an order for dinner in addition to our appetizers, he asked "..another order?". When our food came, he just slammed the plates down in front of us. He never came back to ask how the meal was, nor did he seem like he cared how everything was going. The saving grace was that the manager ended up giving us another waitress, who was totally cool and at least SEEMED like she cared how we were doing. The manager that night (11/26/2010) was really cool too - he was giving me a hard time about Alabama losing to Auburn - all in good fun. But the true saving grace was having a Budweiser tap right in our table.

As for the food - I wasn't all that happy. The burger was almost like charcoal and the wings were not good at all. So if you go by food, this would be a 2-star review - but again, having a tap at your table is hard to be too upset about.

If you're in town and there is a sporting event you want to watch, I would recommend this place to come DRINK. Just pray you don't get the same snotty waiter we had, and that the food is better - maybe our cook had an off night.笑
We decided to try out a new sports bar tonight for a change. Unfortunately we chose Station des Sports. I know that these types of places are usually loud, but I never expected that you would have to scream to the people at your own table for them to hear you. And I couldn't even hear the hockey game, which defeats the purpose of why I went! 

The waitress had a hard time understanding us, which probably had a little to do with the level of noise at this place. But she also had trouble understanding French and it didn't help when we switched to English either. The food was mediocre, plain and simple. The soup was not what I ordered, the bread was cold and stale, the premium salad was made out of the cheapest lettuce with cold rubbery strips of chicken on the top, and the dessert was stale. I wish there was some redeeming aspect of this meal, unfortunately the rest of the table had a similar experience. Really greasy and soggy wings that tasted like they were frozen several times before they were prepared for this meal.

We got up to leave before the end of the 1st period, we couldn't take it anymore. So we asked for our bill, and then asked again, and then again. After we finally received our bill and paid, unfortunately the waitress tried to shortchange each of our party, so we had to be extra careful. We then promptly left and walked down the street to La Cage Aux Sports. Not my favourite location, but anything would have been better than this experience.

Needless to say we don't intend on returning.笑
We came here hoping to catch some Sunday night an American football game. I asked the hostess where we could sit outside to enjoy the perfect weather. Pick any seat you would like and I'll bring the menus out, she said. I picked a table immediately and she brought the menus as promised and said we would have a server shortly. Twenty minutes later, not a soul had even come close to coming by our table to see what we wanted so we left. On our way out, my boyfriend explained to the manager what happened. The manager made a lame excuse and said, oh I'm aware of the problem and I'm working on it. Management just changed and I've only been here three days. Look, just save the excuses and fix it, or this place is going down the drain. I wouldn't come here again; I have a hard time believing the word of a manager at this establishment.笑
Not a pleasant experience. Waitress dropped my food on the table and left it there for me to pick up rather than replace it. The hamburgers tasted like they had a lot of filler meat and the pizza tasted like microwave pizza. The place was full so we gave it a shot. We later realized it was because the beer is the cheapest around. Avoid this place for a meal.笑
They overcharged $41.83 to our table claiming that some people in our party did not pay. They are unprofessional and I would highly recommend anyone looking for a sports bar to stay away from this establishment.笑
Great spot.  LOTS of TVs.   I mean LOTS of TVs.   Big menu.   Good (not great) beer selections.  Outstanding value on beers.  BIG pitchers at very reasonable prices.  

Excellent service despite being very very busy.   Right downtown.笑
This is the best place across the street from Hotel Du Fort to get cheap and plentiful breakfast!!!! I have never been to a place that offers orange juice AND coffee for you all in one cheap meal. I ordered a western omelette and it comes with hash browns (they were reeely good. i'm a potato fanatic!!!), toast, a little bit of fruit, and some Boston baked beans. You get a really big plate that I'm sure you can't finish. It was a lot of food for only $4.95. It's practically a way better deal than hitting McDonald's. 

I was also watching the Beijing Summer Olympics at this place. There's a TV everywhere to watch sports.

If you're not an omelette person, there's also your choice of eggs done the way you want, french toast, pancakes, crepes, the sports station special (bagel with lox and cream cheese), and egg/pancake/french toast combos. For lunch and dinner they offer your average sports bar type of appetizers, such as potato skins, nachos, chicken wings, and more. If you're into variety with appetizers, you can combine appetizers for a combo price. 

For lunch and dinner there's hamburgers, club sandwiches, brochettes, grilled meats and fishes, pasta, subs, pizzas, salads, souvlaki pitas, poutin (you have to try poutine when in Montreal), desserts, and they have a whole load of alcohol to choose from.

The service is friendly and I recommend it to all, Quebecois or not Quebecois. I mainly love the place for their cheap and good breakfast. Travelers: this is a primo destination.笑
I like the place because of the atmosphere. The price is also reasonable. The food is good. When it comes to the waiters and the service it sucks. The waiter brought me the wrong food and he told me you should take it and after sometime when it remained on the table he took it. 
I did not like the behaviour.
This is fun:
My friend asked the waiter to bring an extra piece of bread and he answered: "this is not your home kitchen"
Seriously???笑
Although we lost an important game, the ambiance at this sports Station is impeccable! If you are a Habs fan, go there for you playoff games! You won't be disappointed!

The food this time is below average, I ordered a submarine, the bread is hard, it's like it's been there for hours.

As for service, my waiter was great and making sure we have everything we need all the time.

3/5 as an overall is fair for tonight.笑
I've been here a few times. It's not really my scene, but in the summer time it's nice to sit outside and enjoy their super cheap 4L pitchers of beer (any size, for that matter) with a small group of friends. They have your typical bar food consisting of wings, ribs, grills, burgers, salads and sandwiches. It's also great for any game/event night, they have TV screens everywhere and it gets crowded fast. But NEVER, I repeat NEVER, use their washrooms... especially at night after a long day's worth of blitzed people using them for ALL sorts of things I need not mention.笑
We popped into this place several times while we were staying across the road at Hotel Du Fort. The food is good, everything is cheap and beer is served in pitchers up to 5 liters! A great find to keep the cost of casual meals down.笑
The prices have clearly gone up to the now standard 28$ per 4L pitcher *sigh*. The food is still decently priced and won't rob your wallet but it felt...microwaved. Like it was reused food from a client that didn't want their meal anymore and they saved it on the table in case a poor soul (in this case me) decided to order the same thing. THERE IS NO SPACE WHATSOEVER to move around. I felt like I was stuck on the 211 during rush hour. Not many bathrooms for how many this bar tries to seat.

We tried to reserve for 15 and they gave us 2 tables with a total amount of seats of 8... It was 2 weeks in advance and they told us they simply couldn't save up more spots WHEN WE ARRIVED ON THE SPOT 20 minutes IN ADVANCE. Very VERY poor management.

There seems to be also 3-4 waitresses for the whole pub. I could easily tell how tired and overworked they are and tried not giving them too much shit for the BS they pulled on us as I knew it wasn't their fault but certainly the manager's.笑
I hit this place when I was visting Montreal with my friend. We were trying to find a French restaurant for breafast and do the whole crepe thing. The food is awesome. I had the breakfast skillet; it was just awesome. 
I was so full, I could barely walk. The place is wonderful, and in a cool part of town accross from a college. This place had freakin beer tap right on the table. How cool is that? Bar is good, seemed well stocked, people dropping in for a glass on wine at 11:00 am. Pretty cool. Folks nice place, nice service.
PS. I did not get a chance to check out their restrooms for shall we say...toilettes. Cant help you there. I judge management on how they keep the restroom.笑
I used to love La Station when I was first introduced to this place by my man. Oh yeah, he took me here early on in our relationship with absolutely no shame. He was right; the food was good and inexpensive. The service was lacking on the best of days but who truly cares when your bill is below $10 for a huge amount of food. 

I was excited to see that they renovated the place and change staff, it became less dodgy. Unfortunately, the quality and the size of the plates have gone down while the menu has gone through 2 price hikes in less than year...disappointing. 

To top it all off, on our last visit, the waiter was unable to manage our bills and charged us 1 too many pitcher. 

La station won't be the place we go to for a cheap dinner when we are too lazy to cook. :(笑
Lots of screens playing lots of games. Attentive staff.

Drink prices are ok.

The burger was the worst I've ever eaten.笑
Le genre de resto-bar sports qui ne cesse de s'accroître (quasiment triplé en 3 ans), qui offre nachos, sandwich, calmars, et salades, et autres munchies passables à prix respectables. 

Pour les amateurs de sports, tel que l'indique le nom, c'est bon lieu. Des télés partout, des spéciaux de soirs de matchs, etc. 

Pour les amateurs de terrasses pas cher - d'ailleurs la seul raison pour laquelle vous me retrouveriez ici - vous trouverez votre compte. Le seul hic - elle est directement sur la rue Ste. Catherine, donc ni chic, ni cute. Mais sérieux, ne vous attendez pas à quelque chose de spécial...笑
Service effroyable alors que le restaurant était vide! Bouffe ok pour ce genre d'endroit! Prix raisonnable! Définitivement tres moyen!笑
Very nice place in the gay Village...reasonably priced, good food and lots of giant  flat TV screens to see whichever game is being broadcast. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere and near Metro Berri. I highly recommend this place if you want to have a decent meal and are on a budget.笑
Decent. The food looks good, though the menu is littered with fried food items and various poutines. Our server was quite courteous (though a bit confusing). Screens everywhere, but it's a sports bar and should be expected. It can and does get very loud. The drinks are pretty good. Service can take a while though. We've found that the breakfast/brunch cooks don't know the difference between eggs over easy or 'over medium or hard'. Three times they made over easy eggs when it was ordered over hard. They didn't charge for the whole thing, but it was disappointing. But ppl can totally go there and pull the breakfast trick, and not have to pay; it's pretty obvious that they're not gonna improve that part haha笑
If it was 2010 right now, I'd be giving this place a much better review. I don't know what happened in the last few years but I used to love the sports station whenever I was in town, so I was really excited to go back when we were in town for osheaga a few weeks ago! The first breakfast we ate there was decent, a lot smaller than i remembered, but the service was worse than the food. We went again a few days later and our experience that day is what earned this dump a 1 star rating!
No one even acknowledges you when you walk into the sports station, so you just have to assume that you are suppose to seat yourself.. we sat by the open doors to the patio and after a few minutes someone who we assumed to be the manager asked us if anyone had come over to see us yet. we said no, and he didn't say anything else.. 5 minutes later someone finally came over and to make it brief, she was a terrible waitress. She rarely checked on us, was ANYTHING but friendly, and made me want to get out of there as soon as possible. Right before our food arrived, we moved to another table at the back because the breeze got really cold by the window. She brought our food to us, and any time after that that we needed her, we had to literally CALL to her. She didn't pay any attention to us (I should add that there were about 8 people working and 3 tables of customers there).. so helping her one table should not have been an issue. Our toast was cold, the eggs in my skillet were raw, and we were being ambushed by flies!?! We were literally swatting flies away for our entire meal. My boyfriend was nice enough to let me eat some of his breakfast and try to stomach my raw egg skillet.. we barely ate anything, had to request our bills since our waitress (as well as all of the other "employees" there) was too busy watching the olympics.... and then she did the ol' "treat the customers really nice while they're paying so that they tip me even though i gave them terrible service!"

Needless to say... we will not be returning!笑
When I wrote a bad view on this restaurant, I received an email from Yelp saying it is deleted, because the business owner is not happy about it!!

See the photo uploaded!笑
La superficie du restaurant a doublé, manque flagrant de personnelles aux tables et à la cuisine. La nourriture est assez moyenne et le prix élevé pour ce type de restaurant. Je ne recommande pas cet endroit.笑
Atmosphere, Service, and Food: That's how my organize my Reviews.

Atmosphere: The Station was once a fun place to go, sadly that's only the case some of the times, and only during certain times of the day.  Best time to visit is early morning - if you like to catch a game of football, because there aren't many customers and the volume level isn't deafening.  With a lower crowd comes better services (the waitresses aren't as frazzled) and better food (the cook isn't just sling ingredients).  Place could use a little more clean up - it getting to be a little too run down.  If you don't like the drunken frat scene don't go in during the evenings or during a football or hockey match.

Service: the waitresses and waiters do try - I will give them that much.  Many of them are extremely nice and amicable people who are working the hardest job - in my opinion - with very little reward.  When they are not serving 50 drunken frat boys - they're quite good at what they do and very attentive.

Food: Again, the time of day dictates the food's quality.  It's middling to being with - but great value for the money (get the burger or chicken souvlaki platter, or any of the items for breakfast).  Pub food - so don't expect much, but if you go in on weekend mornings or early noon / brunch - the food is usually fresh and tasty.

Value for Money - but only when you go it at a good time.笑
Le Vendredi, ça se passe à la Station des sports.

Cet endroit, temple de la télé accroché au plafond et références au domaine sportifs est un endroit parfais pour un repas copieux, sans grande gastronomie mais qui, en bon québécois ''fais là job''.

J'aime particulièrement le sous-marin de la station des sport ! Tout est dedans !

Quelques choix de bières bien connues en fût sont aussi disponibles.

La grande particularité est la pompe à la table. Lors du prochain match de votre équipe préférée, vous pourrez installer de la bière en fut directement à votre table. Nul besoin alors d'attendre les serveurs si vous êtes une équipe de joyeux buveurs.

Le service a toujours été excellent! Même si l'endroit est toujours bondés !笑
I used to come to this bar before their expansion and enjoyed it. Since the expansion the quality of service has dropped, the prices have increased. I would have to say that the management of this place is horrible. They have a lot of tv's but if there are multiple sporting events going on they will not accommodate everyone. Really bad organization and service takes forever.笑
This is going to be long but bear with me, it might actually be a funny/good read.
So, I am local here and I used to go to Sports Station very often for the games and drinks. There was a hockey game on the 22nd of April and decided to go there for it. Made reservations for 10+. 
As usual, during a big game night, waiting for your table to be set up is not much of an issue for me, although it was literally placed right in front of the entrance. I did not complain.

So here's where everything starts off, since I came to the place right after work, it would naturally order something to eat. I've ordered the "filet mignon brochette" for myself and drinks for the table. Finally arrives approximately 20 minutes I've ordered my dish, as hungry as I am, I start eating. On my second bite, I feel/hear a crack on my upper right tooth. I spit it out and comes out a pebble with my broken tooth...

I ask the waitress to get the manager for me right away, I managed to take pictures of the broken tooth and the pebble during the mean time. The manager comes by and asks me what's going on, I show/tell him what happened and brings me to the side and tells me I don't need to pay for the food... Well... It's pretty obvious taken that I only took two bites and broke my tooth afterwards. While the manager brought me to the side, the waitress managed to take the food away which I didn't get the chance to take a picture of. Basically, my whole night is ruined.

10 minutes after, the manager comes by again asking me to follow him. He takes me to the back where the kitchen is and tells me. "Perhaps it came from the spice we put on top of the meat." I looked at him shocked and confused. First of all, the pebble is approx. 4~5 centimeter in diameter and the spice is less than 1mm. I mean honestly, what difference does it make whether it came from the spice or not?? If in fact it came from the spice, we'd have a bigger problem because the cooks would have definitely felt (apparently they use their hands) the pebble but still served me the plate with the foreign object. Besides, my plate had no seasoning on it anyways.

I explain that to him, then gives me a facial expression telling me I am right. It was time to leave; I take down the managers' name, the name of the other manager who intervened, time of the incident and the name of the waitress. They also gave me a number (headquarters) to call to explain the incident and claim my dental fees which I had to make an emergency appointment the following day.

The next day as I walk out of the dentist, I give them a call, transfers my call to human resources/marketing to explain the incident. A week later, they carry out the case to the director of operations. I have called the director of operations several times so that I may claim the dental fee I am entitled to but never managed to pick up. Also left several messages. 3 weeks later I finally receive a call and had to explain the case all over again. All in all, according to my phone records, I've called them over 25 times and I've received a call from them once. I've given them a month and a half which I think I was being more than fair.

The person responsible for my case made several false promises and claims to get the issue resolved. Of course, the issue is still on going. I wanted to get this issue resolved in a swift/fair manner but never came to a conclusion in the end. All I have demanded was for the dental fees. (It has led me to making 3 other appointments to the dentist due to this incident). In the end, I have decided to sue, which I have.

I have been very patient so far and I am finally posting this here because I think people should know what happens when you deal with people/company like them. It's such an easy problem to resolve with proper communication/cooperation. I have all the evidences in hand and witnesses.

Anyhow, just thought I'd share this unfortunate experience I've had/still dealing with them, not to mention several other incidents which involves my group of party, "bouncers" and police officers.

If anyone is curious, I will post final outcome.

Thank you for reading.笑
I assume this place is really good for sports(given the name and the crazy amount of tvs) but food wise it's not that good. To enjoy the food you have to get something pretty simple like a sandwich, but I could imagine La Station des Sports getting crowded later at night ti watch some games and enjoy beer.

But have to say: great, very very big terrace on St. Catherine. It's just worth to chill and enjoy the terrace there.笑
Ce qui a commencée notre soirée comme étant un belle découverte a fini par être une des pires expériences que j'ai eu à Montréal. La Station de Sports vient d'ouvrir la plus grande terrasse trottoir que je connaisse en ville. Elle est malade! Ils ont même arrangé des télé dans les fenêtres des édifices qu'ils viennent d'acquérir pour qu'on puisse regarder nos sports favoris (Go L'Impact!) au beau soleil. Par contre, grosse terrasse = beaucoup de beau monde. Ça veut dire que les serveurs et la cuisine vont être occupés en titi! J'y suis allée un mardi soir. On est arrivé à 20h30. Ça pris 5 minutes avant de placer notre commande puis 5 minutes plus tard notre pichet de bière est arrivé. Puis, on a attendu, et attendu, et attendu. L'entrée est arrivée à 21h40, et le repas principal est arrivé à 22h30. C'est beaucoup trop long comme attente. Après avoir mangé notre entrée, vu l'heure qu'il était, j'ai demandé à la serveuse d'annuler mon repas si c'était pour prendre autant que temps parce que je n'avais plus faim rendu à cette heure là. Elle m'a dit que je pouvais soit le prendre pour emporter, ou bien c'est elle qui devait payer ma facture. D'après moi, un serveur ne devrait pas avoir à payer la facture d'un client quand la cuisine n'est pas capable de fournir les repas dans un délai raisonnable. Et un délai de 2 heures pour juste un burger (même pas de frites ou quoi que ça soit d'autre), c'est bien trop long. En plus, l'extérieur du burger était calciné. Mais rendu à ce point-là, je n'avais pas le goût de le dire à la serveuse quand elle est revenue pour nous dire "J'espère au moins que c'est bon". Si je pouvais, je donnerai un gros 10 étoiles à notre serveuse pour son service. Elle est revenue nous voir souvent et était honnête dans son inquiétude par rapport à la lenteur du service. Je l'ai adoré. Mais pour ce qui est de la gestion d'une grosse terrasse, puis de faire payer les serveurs pour quelque chose qui est hors de leur contrôle, ça c'est pas fort.笑
If you are looking for a place to catch the game, and when I say the game, I mean any game, there are so many TV in this place, there isn't a seat in the house that you can't see multiple TVs, this is the place to go. It's the second best place to see the Habs play after the Bell Centre. But here a pitcher of beer will cost the same as 1 can at the bell centre. And the food is great, I've had subs, pizza, burgers, and wings here, and they are all good, and to top it off, they are dirt cheap. You could go out to this bar with the change you find in the couch and still have enough for a cab ride home, and be completely satisfied.

Another nice touch, there are a few tables throughout the bar that have their own tap of Budweiser, you pay by the ounce, and serve yourself, lots of fun.

Get here early on big sports night, because it fills up fast.笑
We went to Les 3 Brasseurs for lunch and our amazing waiter recommended this place when I asked for a shit rowdy sports bar with cheap beer. It did NOT disappoint! We were just two but the place wasn't super busy so they let us sit at the table with the tap. The beer is stupid cheap, cheaper than anywhere I've had it in the States, and you can't turn in any direction without facing a TV. The menu is huge and we didn't try the food, but everything was cheap too. We are definitely hitting this up next time we come to Montreal!笑
I would not recoomend this place. At 9 o'clock waitresses are already too drunk to stand and ot is on wednesday! When you order the drink they add lomin/orange/ wtv with unwashed hands its disgusting.  Staff is friendly, but in a back you can hear who is asshole and who is not.  Butterfly shrimps are good, burgers are not tasty at all.  There are better places to go thats for sure!!笑
Food is decent. Service is ok. Nothing to rave about but if you want to watch sports, this is the place to be笑
Get ready to serve yourself. After they renovated it really went downhill. It looks nicer, but lost its quality. Bad service, too big, prices went up. The cocktails are terrible,  like drinking juice.  Stick to the beer and don't order food.  If youre starving the best choice is probably the souvlaki.

Too loud,  rude about making reservations. Makes you wait, have to show up  at least an hour before play-off games, wont let you sit until everyone is there. You can make a reservation and then still wait in the line? I just dont get it..笑
This is a great place to go with your friends if you want somewhere to chill and have cheap drinks! Prices are pretty darn cheap, they have a 4 liter pitcher for around $20! Split between a couple of people you're paying almost nothing (which is great for students on a budget, haha). It's nothing special, but just a good, laid-back chill spot for you and your friends. :)笑
Don't waste your time or money, skip this place. 
Service sucks, the manager herself has a stick up her ass and not a good one. She has an attitude (bad time off the month??). Patrons wait for no reason to be seated, service is slow even with not much clientele to wait on. I guess there are many screens which if you like watching sports might be good. My buddy seems OK with that. One good point, the bartender looks tasty and another waitress is cute. That's all and no I won't come back.笑
Our first stop in Montreal. After driving for 6 hours from Toronto we were ravenous and on spotting the on-street tables and chairs from a block away we were immediately drawn to the continental ambience like moths to a flame and plopped ourselves down in a sunny spot to have some lunch.

First impressions - this place takes up some serious pavement real estate - they occupy five shop units and the outdoor tables extend along all that area as well as spilling into the first lane of the road. There are big parasols to enhance the continental feeling, and the doors to inside are all open to the street.
Inside, it's more like an American diner, and as the name suggests it's clearly geared to sports fans and selling beer of an evening. There are television screens everywhere - they're in every booth, they line the walls, there are even screens in the restrooms. Not really my sort of scene, but if you don't want to be bombarded with televisual porn, you can sit outside in the street or in their equally large outdoor area in the back.

The menu du jour was pretty reasonable and involved trout, so we both ordered that with some fries. The server was friendly and chatty once we decided what language we were going to communicate in (English won), and although the service was a little laid back it was OK, as was the food.  It was a fixed-price menu but we weren't impressed with the poor choice of dessert (rice pudding or carrot cake? Where's the tarte aux pommes or tarte citron?). However, the server offered us a free coffee in lieu of dessert so that worked out OK (although the coffee was pretty bad to be honest). 

It's cheap and cheery, and the outdoor street seating is great for watching the world go by while you eat.

We visited a second time for breakfast the next day, and were very impressed with the range of French-style options, including crepes and omelettes...mmmmm.笑
I had an odd night here.  Our meeting was unorganized and the restaurant also seemed unable to handle the sudden downpour of rain.  We had a group of 10 supposed to show up and we couldn't get seated for the life of us.  People started showing up and we kept getting moved around.  We were originally supposed to be seated at their outside dining area.  When the sudden downpour of rain hit, we were completely exposed to it and they couldn't get us umbrellas or even move us.  They kept saying that we couldn't leave to go inside because we haven't paid our bill yet but that didn't even bring out our beer.  They immediately canceled our food order which irritated me but since they couldn't get us a table, I guess it was good they did so.  After switching tables around 3 or 4 times, we were eventually told we could go to the karaoke bar down the street that they also owned.

I'm going to guess the odd event of a sudden thunderstorm really threw them off so I understand they had difficulty reacting to it.  I felt bad for our waitress that couldn't get us a table and hopefully didn't catch flak for our group.  We eventually did get our pitcher of beer and it was about $20 but I couldn't tell you the size of it.  I got about two full pints and paid $10 which included tip for it.  I was going to head back there the following night to watch the UFC event but I figured it be a huge mob.  And a packed crowd of drunk meatheads speaking in French is a night I can do without.笑
I really enjoyed this place. When first seeing it, I wasn't too excited about it because it gives the appearance of a sports bar with the set up inside and televisions on the walls, however, they do have outdoor setting with an awning, which was perfect. The menu has various options, and the portions are more than satisfying. The prices are good too, perfect for the student tourist's budget! Service is efficient, but the waitress' attitude could have been nicer (maybe she didn't like Americans, I don't know, but we did leave a generous tip). 

Also, I was there on a Sunday afternoon, but on big sporting event nights, this place can get packed/crazy...笑
The service There I experienced there was the worst in my life! We had brunch there and we waited 20 minutes for getting the bill, I complained about that and the waitress answered me with " you are not the only customer in the restaurant" I mean...wow. What the heck is that ?????笑
I ordered a medium steak but it was cooked beyond well done. The service was poor as well.笑
woooowww! worst fucking place ever !!! this place is so trashy , im so fucking embarrassed that i step foot in there ! the waiters are fucking rats & motherfucking gold digger! 
worst fucking costumer service! i rather starve to death than to come back! i am devastated that i am force to give this one star because they dont deserve any!笑
Why Yelp delete my Review????!!!! You really disappoint me and I will repost every time you delete it, Yelp!!!!!

On October 17th, about 10pm. I went to the restaurant "La Station Des Sports (2051, rue Sainte-Catherine Ouest)" with my friend. I just finish my work out and holding my milk shake in my hand. After sit in, I put my milk shake on the table (I was not even drinking it) and waiting for the menu. After about 2 minutes, before we got served, the restaurant bouncer jumped into my face and started yelling at me!! (He is white, short hair, about 1.80 meters tall, strong and wearing a black jacket). He called himself the "manager" of the restaurant and asked me ''What The F**K Is That??!!" (my shake). I replied "It's my shake." He then kept screaming at me saying "This is a F**King Restaurant and you shouldn't bring that!! Order a beer!!" I thought he was drunk and joking with me and I said"I don't understand." He then got even more mad, and kept yelling"This is how the F**King business is doing!! When you come in we want  you to order food and drink from our restaurant and not to bring your own! Just put it in your F**King Bag!!". He is spitting all over my face! I asked him "you wanna us to leave?" He said "No, just put it in you F**King bag!!"
I don't understand why he behaves like a mad dog, and felt very unhappy about him. I decided to leave with my friend. Before we got to the front door, he blocked us with another bouncer. He started to yelling at us again"No, No, I don't wanna you to leave. Just put that F**King thing in your bag!" While he was yelling, he was dragging my bag on my shoulder heavily and threw it on the floor. I questioned him "when did I allow you to touch my bag?" He used his finger pointing on my face and abused me "F**K YOU!! F**K YOU!! F**K YOU!!" He repeated that at least 3 times!! I stopped talking and turned to the door and walking out. When I was about to get the door, I gave my finger to him without looking at him. Then I hear that he ran up to me and attacked me heavily from behind. He pushed me so heavily such that I almost fell on the ground. After I stood up and turned back, the other bouncer was already in front me and pushed me again. (He is brown, 1.70 meters high, strong, has short mohawk hair and a small pinch of mustache on his chin.) We were  on the side walk and he kept pushing me fiercely on my chest and yelling at me "Just keep F**King Walk!!". Every time he pushed me I was forced to back 3 steps. He kept pushing me like this from the door to the Du Fort street, and he intimidated me "I WILL BEAT YOU ON THE GROUND!!!"
After this, we called 911 right away. The police arrived in 20 minutes. We told them what happened. Then they went to the first bouncer asked him his version of story. There were so many witnesses, it was a packed night, and HE LIED TO THE POLICE!! I bet, if you go to ask him about what happened that night, you will hear a totally different story from what I said here!!
This is how their security guys you hired treat their customers in your restaurant. I've been in Canada for 4 years and I never cook. I always eat in restaurants. But this is the first time I was being treated like this!! My friend who was with me that night recommended that place to me. And we used to like it lot! And I was also thinking to recommend the restaurant to my friends. But now, both my friend and I will never step in that place ever again! I heard that the owner of the restaurant is very successful, but I think I will never go to the other restaurants he owned. Besides, I am sharing my experience at your restaurant on the internet, all the customer rating sites that I can think of.
I have sent their head office an email and received response this morning. They apologized and transferred the message to the security department. I was also told that investigation is undergoing and they will let me know their decision if they will let these guys stay with them. But this still cannot calm me down. I'm still making effort to share my experience at their restaurant.
So, if you see this post, please share this "hilarious" story with your friends! It can be just for fun! I don't mind some laughter on my experience, I just wanna more people to know it. Really appreciate your share!笑
Our adventures began a year and a half ago on our first date at none other than, drum roll please: Sports Station! (for my Frenchies: La Station des Sports)  I know, I know, so classy you could just die LOL!  Well The Beard was new to MTL and had never been there and we wanted something low key, thus we ventured into the vat of beer. 

  We sat down to watch a UFC fight and I convinced The Beard to order a 4L of Keith's Blond.  "4L of Beer" he proclaimed and his eyes lit up with delight.  Uh Oh!  I had unleashed a monster.  Never have I seen someone get so excited about draft beer. 

  After several visits to SS, I started to look back at everything that we've eaten and drank.  The beer, although probably the cheapest you'll find in the city, is expired tasting and gives me a headache.  I could never understand why I could drink mounds and mounds and never be "that drunk" but 2 pints anywhere else and I'm falling on the floor?!  It's watered down, but you're getting what you pay for. 

  The food if decent, low cost pub food.  I actually really like the steak poutine and The Beard likes the Station Special, an array of appetizers.  If you're gonna be downing that much beer you better line your stomach with some grub first and SS does the trick for that. 

  Beware of sitting at a table with a beer tap.  Although it seems like it's a good deal, something is fishy about it and we always seem to be paying more than we thought we drank.  You can ask to see the "book" to see exactly what amount you did drink, but take my advice and just order pitchers. 

  They make a pretty good bloody ceaser and for only about 4$ you really can't go wrong.  We also like to knock back a few Jagger bombs, when the night get's going hard.  Decently priced and they give you a real ounce.  I used to want to go because I had fun with the staff, but lately they have changed things up and the new staff isn't as great.  All in all the appeal has gone down.  Maybe it's the fact that I no longer want to get Sh*t faced and face a hangover the next day just for a cheaper bar tab, but I think with all the cool places in MTL, you can save your pennies a couple of days and head somewhere better!笑
Stopped in for a bit of breakie, was forced to sit outside with my son.  (Manager said no kids allowed inside , but the menu stated it was family friendly, hmm)

Wait staff was pleasant and quick...  Food was under par.  If your there for beer and sports I'm sure it will fit the requirements.  Just not for anything else.笑
I waited over 30 minutes to be served. Crappy service in a bar owned by a cheap , crappy owner . ATM machine doesn't even work .笑
Did not expect to see this place on St. Catherine street--in the middle of the gay neighborhood.  Great sports bar with lots of big screens and modern, clean interior....and huge pitchers of beer for pretty cheap price.  Food was A+ too (considering it's a sports bar).笑
Went there on a Sunday night, hoping to grab a beer before calling it the night. Horrible service and no one bother to serve. Ruined my great impression of Montreal. Don't waste time and money.笑
Hype place to be on Saturday. However We were told we would wait 40 minutes for dinner. We finally waited 1:30 for the worst burger ever. Situation absolutely out of control.
Thanks god, our waitress was really nice and we had fun anyway.笑
Best place to be for sports events. Service and the location is amazing. Great staff and the choice of food are huge. Delicious foods and great drinks. Back and front terrace with tv screens everywhere. The decor is beautiful. Good for groups and co-workers.笑
I just discovered this place and I'm honestly embarrassed to say it took 4.5 years for me to find this place!

This place has $18 4L pitchers (of Keith's!!!) and some tables with a tap built right into allowing you to serve yourself beer at a cheap $0.20/ounce (that's $2.40/pint !!!).

I can't really talk about the food at all here, but it's definitely the cheapest place to drink in Montreal that I've found yet...The savings in beer more than make up the cost of the taxi at the end of the night :)笑
I'd suggest the Sports Station if you like sports or just want to have a good time! You'll be surrounded by TVs with every sports event you can think of, a pretty diverse choice of food and drinks and affordable prices.

If you're one of the lucky few groups of 4 to get their at the perfect timing, ask for the table with the tap. Yup, they have a few tables that have a built in beer tap, so that you don't need to wait for your waiter to refill your pitcher. They charge you by the pint but it's much cheaper and much more fun than getting pitchers.笑
The worst. A sports bar with 100 TVs playing only NFL when there are NHL games on.  Asked countless people and apparently only the manager cna change the channel and he is at another location.   Now they are playing loud music while showing football press interviews and news. I will NOT be back.笑
This is the perfect example of a fail change. Many great menu items are now no longer there, the dishes became pricey and the portions are now ridiculously small.

9$ for a half plate of overcooked calamari, with a dipping sauce that was already half-empty when served... The steak poutine was just disgusting, the sauce was sweet, few grains of cheese curds here and there, and the steak was microwaved. The portion was also incredibly small for bar food.

And don't even get me started in the steak. Yeah, who orders steak in a sport bar, right? Well I was fooled by their "special steak" recommended by the waiter. I ordered rare, and they give me well-done, the steak was gray throughout. On top of that, they serve a cold salad on a very hot plate (the entire plate was burning hot for some unknown reason), disgusting.

I am so disappointed :/笑
I had consulted reviews on Yelp before going for a Saturday night Habs game, therefore I knew food service was very slow, and I knew I would not order because of that.
Unfortunately, my game experience was ruined by two factors: I had to sit at the end of the bar, where the waiters and waitresses were always doing their drinks, not shy to block my view or pull my beer out of the way. In addition to that, the door close to me was permanently open and the cold fall breeze was always on my ankles making it really irritating.

Finally, the screens blacked out for 5-6 seconds 3 times in a single period.

In brief, my experience was not pleasant and I left after 1 hockey period. I will probably give it another try given its the closest sports bar from my place but it should be their last chance. They better do good.笑
Brasserie sportive par exellence au centre-ville. Son succès est construit sur des bases solides. Écrans géants, bière abordable, ambiance survolté lors des matchs et nouriture pas cher et correcte. Un +, cette été ils ont installé une immence terasse et en décembre 2012 des travaux d'agrandissement seront complètés.
4* :: pour se que c'est une brasserie abordable avec une ambiance survoleté les soirs de match. Buvons et festoyons en regardant du sport.    
Voici quelques examples: Pichet 60oz 12$ et 120oz 23,50$, menu du jour à 10$, côtes levées 14,95$, filet de saumon 10,25$, poutine 5,95$... ici votre 30$ fait du chemin...
ATTENTION éviter les choses trop complexe comme "le veau parmesan"...wouach!!! c'est mauvais..... ici restons "basic" même animal!
Le service est super efficace pour la bière et lent pour la nouriture. Un burger commandé en début de match arrivera en 2em période :( ! Mais bon après un pichet de bonne bière de 120oz on a moin faim non ? ;)

J'y vais surtout lors des matchs du Canadien et je scande avec plaisir Kerry, Kerry, Kerry.... 
Aussi on y présente basquet, soccer, UFC, football (se sport qui se joue avec les mains), F1, boxe....

Vous êtes un fan fini des Kings de LA ou encore pire des Jets de N-Y ou encore bien pire des Bobcats deCharlotte.Vous croyez être seul au monde. La Station des Sports est l'endroit idéal pour rencontrer d'autres fans de ces obscures équipes sportive... si ils existent... ;) !!!笑
Breakfast is quick, good and cheap.  Outdoor patio is great, feeling like you're having a drink in the middle of Saint Catherine Street. Avoid Saturday lunchtime.  We waited over 45mins to get a sandwich!笑
I was here the first time ever during St Patricks and due to circumstances spent and entire day here!

However, it was during El Clasico (Real Madrid vs Barcelona for you non football fans) that this place erupted. There were so many die hard fans of each team and with, what seemed like, infinite amount of TV screens the echoes of "oohs" "aahs" and cheering was deafening!

Apparently they have an awesome terrace during the summer. Gotta check that out soon!笑
This place is a CAGE AU SPORT copy cat...  Its the same thing, but you don't have the kiddies running around with popcorn making a mess on the floor. 
The menu is a typical menu with chicken wings and all...

The waiters are ok, and some are not, they are understaff, and rushed, so they kinda get pissy and rude. 

It does get crowded game night, but its typical of any bar.笑
Dinner tonight was terrible! Salad was not fresh , calamari and baked potato were not warm. To their credit, wait staff was pleasant and manager took the food back and removed it from our bill. I think if you are coming to drink and watch a game you may have better luck. Just don't expect quality food.笑
We came here on a big sports night (boxing match, UFC fight, and NBA semifinals) and it was a fun place. We sat at the bar so the service was good, and the bartenders were all friendly. Drinks and some food is a little higher priced on event nights, but the crowd (and free pay per view) makes it worth it. TVs everywhere and I can imagine they'd have every game you could want. Bar food, but good quality and well cooked.笑
Yeah, I mean, there's good and bad...

The good is that it's a gigantic sports bar with many televisions and a ridiculous amount of outdoor seating.

The bad is basically everything else.

I had a blast watching the last Grey Cup here (mostly because the riders won and because the half time show was ridiculous) but I stopped in recently when a sudden craving for beer and a burger hit while walking down Ste Catherine. (And look, I'm a lady of discerning tastes, but I also love me a good sports bar.)

I have never seen this before... my burger was frozen solid in the middle, and when I told the waitress she replied: "Oh, do you want it heated up?" 

Umm...yah... 

Now, normal protocol in this situation is that you bring a whole new plate and apologize profusely. Instead, she grabbed the remaining half of the burger, set it on a small plate, assuring us that the capable kitchen staff would 'heat it back up,' and proceeded to carry it around the entire restaurant while checking on other customers.

Right...'cause that's something I want to eat now...

So, basically, the food is microwaved. It's not a bad price. But for a few extra bucks, you could probably eat somewhere serving food that has been cooked.

If you want a Budweiser and fries while watching a game, I would say you can't go wrong. But if you want a microbrew and a good burger, it's a major pass.