I have eaten here twice now. The first thing that you will notice is that the restaurant completely looks like crap ; they are going for the authentic vibe apparently.

The first time I had chicken with garlic sauce ($6.40 with tax), pork with dried tofu (~$12), and the second time had chicken with dried tofu ($12.85 with tax). Overall the winning dish was the Chicken with Dried Tofu (but the pork variant was good too). The lunch menu prices are insanely cheap around $6, but you don't get a ton of food either. The chicken with garlic sauce dish was loaded with veggies that I dislike, such as celery, but the flavor was pretty good. The lunch special came with 2 crab/cheese ragoons which were very good. 

Service is non existent. Water didn't come with ice, and there were no refills. 

Credit cards are accepted here and as of the writing of this review doesn't have a minimum charge like most Chinese places do.

And getting down to the creepy washroom is a challenge unless you are from Vietnam.

One possible complaint is that the second time I ate here, I developed a headache about an hour after eating and it went away a few hours later which concerns me that large quantities of MSG is used here (I am sensitive to it). Be warned.

Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2 Stars lunch special / 3 regular
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 1 Star
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 1 StarǾ
One of the best Chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh. It's a little small and the restaurant itself may look dingy but don't be fooled. The food here is delicious. Definitely go with someone who can read/speak Chinese to order the more authentic dishes.

Some things to order:

Salt and Pepper Pork Chops
Steamed Fish (Dou Su Yu)
Flounder (Xue Cai Long Li Pian)Ǿ
Definitely the best authentic Taiwanese food restaurant in Pittsburgh.  What? Authentic Taiwanese food? Yes, you got it right. The owner/chef and the older waiter wearing a cap speak Taiwanese (and of course Chinese mandarin). I guess having such a "wrong" name is mostly for marketing reason. 

Unfortunately, the best menu is not in English, but the menu pasted on the wall in Chinese.  There are only a few dishes overlapped in both menus.  I am not sure why the owner doesn't give non-Chinese speaking customers a chance to have really delicious authentic Taiwanese food, but if you want to know how real Taiwanese foods taste, try the following menu:

*For those who comes there alone, I recommend 1. noodles with bean sauce or 2. beef noodle soup.

**For those who come with three or four people in a group, I recommend:

1. Fried pork chop with pepper and salt-- it's pronounced like: Chiao-Yen-Pai-Gu.
2. Pork with snow peas--it's pronounced like: Shuei-Tsai-Mao-Dou-Ro-Shi.
3. Dried soybean curd with beef and bell pepper-- it's pronounced like: Shiang-Gan-Chiao-Chiao-Niou-Ro-Shi. 
4. Codfish with crispy deep-fried bean sauce--it's pronounced like: Do-Su-Shuei-Yu.

Since the first time I went to Little Shanghai, I seldom go to the other Taiwanese restaurant in Squirrel Hill.  The one in SH has many advantages that Little Shanghai does not have, like cleaner tables and restroom.  However, Little Shanghai's foods always make me feel like I am eating in a typical restaurant in Taipei.Ǿ
Little Shanghai's chicken lo mein was just what I needed to keep me running during the Texas Hippie Coalition concert across the road at Altar Bar the other night. Noodles as thick as bass strings, chicken as tender as woman's kiss, it was so succulent, I downed it in...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92NrGpC9bng

Well, not really. Haw.Ǿ
Little Shanghai has pretty good chinese food. I had some sort of shrimp and chicken dish (I forget the name), and found it made for a decent Sunday night dinner. The restaurant itself is small and the staff is a little icy. All in all though, it's worth checking out.Ǿ
Little Shanghai has the best Chinese food that I've been able to find in the city. The steamed flounder with bean curd is great. It comes in 2 fillets for $13.95. I loved the texture of the crispy tofu in the spinach with garlic and tofu dish. The broth of the noodle soup with spare ribs has a wonderful flavor and the dish is more than enough to fill up one person.

I wish the restaurant had better loose leaf tea (they use a tea bag) but the food is excellent. I would highly recommend this restaurant.Ǿ
Best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. You've gotta try it.