$7.50 for a margarita with the whole shaker.  Pretty sweet deal.  Not the best margarita in the world, but it was cheap.

Other than that, the bar is weird with the short chairs and the chips are alright.  I wouldn't stop in here for food, or drinks for that matter.  But when you're on campus and need a marg within walking distance after being bored to tears by your professor, this place will do.Ǿ
I've been looking for a decent mexican restaurant in Tempe. I drove by this place many times on my way to school. I really like mexican food and grew up around many mexican folks who were great cooks. So it's safe to say that I can be pretty picky. 

The decor here is just kind of odd in a funny way. It's not necessarily bad it just strikes me as kind of funny. The food is great. I love the salsa here and find it spicy enough. I like to get their special called tres amigos. It's very filling and tasty.  The service has always been good and the food fresh. Overall a good find and pretty good food.Ǿ
The food was over priced and tasted like something you would get in a junior high cafeteria. The meat had no taste the salsa was blah. The decor was way to bright and over the top. 

I will never go back and have told plenty of my friends not to try this place, save your money and go somewhere else.Ǿ
We've been going here since it opened, so we're definitely fans. The food is good, service is fast and prices are reasonable. Their chile relleno is one of the best in town, and their lunch specials are super cheap.Ǿ
We went to 3 Margaritas on a Friday night for dinner. The parking lot was empty. It seemed that only employees were there. I almost wondered if the resaurant had closed down. 

When we got inside we were seated right away and there was only one other table of people. Most of the staff was at the bar watching a soccer game. We were quickly given our chips and salsa and our drinks. The standard salsa is a bit runny and has a smokey flavor. It was good but wished it was more of a pico de gallo than a picante sauce.

I ordered the chicken flautas meal and my dining companion ordered the beef chimichanga meal. The waiter prefered we order using the meal number rather than the description. (i.e. The number 3 and the number 28 for example)

Both the meals were served with rice and beans. The rice was good, not overly flavored. The beans were a bit thin and very salty. The main dishes were great though. The meat was cooked well and there was the right amount of crunch on both the chimi and the flautas. Despite the beans we really enjoyed the food overall. 

I would go here again if nearby but I don't think I would go out of my way to go for just the food. The margaritas and other drinks were priced fairly decenlty so if you're craving Mexican food and drinks out with friends it is the way to go. 

During the meal, Scott Ian from Anthrax fame was seated next to us... Pretty cool.Ǿ
The only good thing I can say was the service was fast.  The food was pretty bad, I would not go there again.Ǿ
Ok so the service is fine here but everything else was terrible. They didn't have horchata, my taco was made with a hard shell and had lettuce,  might as well have been from taco bell. The chili renos had no flavorand way too much egg for my taste. It was also pretty pricey. Sorry but there are just too many better options for good Mexican food for you to waste your time here.Ǿ
I love this place because it's right next to my dorm and also, it's one of the few Mexican restaurants that I've found that actually sells a Mole (molay') dish (chocolate and poblano chile's if I'm not mistaken). Try the chicken Mole and you'll really like it... very authentic.

Chips are great, as is the salsa. You can tell its family owned... you can ask for Mexican cokes too I think. I've gone here twice and I'd go again whenever the stomach callers.

Sometimes they have a wandering mariachi guy. I always feel awkward when they come around because then you feel like you have to tip, but I think he sensed we were poor college students so he didn't come by.

I'm not sure what you ordered that you didn't like (to the first reviewer).Ǿ
Love this place, interesting take on Mexican food (hard to describe, but not your normal Sonoran AZ style), kick butt margaritas, and may I suggest the "Classic" which comes in a shaker.  Best part, family owned and run, come a few times and you'll feel right at home.  Our whole neighborhood comes on Fridays, kid and all (definitely kid friendly), you should too!Ǿ
An old friend came to town and suggested we go here. I'd never been...which was surprising considering I shop next door at Safeway and have driven past it a million times. The chips were great, the dining room is casual with booths on the edges and tables in the center featuring your typical colorful hand painted chairs (and the tecate banners hanging from the ceiling). Service was very good. 

I ordered tacos (because I consider myself a connoisseur of tacos) and always try those first at a new Mexican Restaurant, but was a bit disappointed when they served them in pre-cooked shells. My preference is the shredded beef, fried with the corn tortilla. The food does have good flavor but does not strike me as anything but standard.

It's your Classic Mexican Food! It's a tortilla, meat, cheese just served up a million different ways. I didn't expect anything too over the top here. I will say they get a bonus for serving Negro Modelo in the special Negro Modelo glass. Good times, good friends, good food. I will be back!Ǿ
Ok stuff, hopefully not the best that Arizona has to offer. But, it was walking distance and the margaritas had just enough punch to hit me, but not enough to knock me down.Ǿ
Three margaritas?  Yes please!

When I lived in Tempe, my roomie and I would hit up 3 Margaritas when we didn't want to have to look cute to go have a meal.  (Ahem, Macayo's Depot Cantina!).  

All the cute guys flock to the Macayo's on Ash, so we always felt pretty safe having lunch or dinner at 3 Margs.  Sometimes we would have more than 3 Margs too. And why not?  A cab ride was just a few dollars away.  Ah, the good old days.

The food here is okay.  This isn't a great Mexican food restaurant, but it's not bad.  Next time you're having a fat day, come here.  No one will judge you and you won't have to live in fear you'll see anyone you know.