Don't go here unless you like being ignored and finally being served cold food.

Service is slow -- very slow.

Place is dirty.

Counter employees act like they are doing you a favor by taking an order.  Notice I did not say "workers" as that surely does not apply.

By the time the food arrives it is cold.

There are many fast food outlets near this place, even the worst of them is better than this one.笑
this is by far the worst burger king i have ever been to. the first mistake was when i ordered the brownie icecream and the girl who made it gave it to me burnt. when asked did she know the brownies were burned she said yes and gave them to us to eat anyways. then when i go to the drive thru to make two seperate orders i was told only one order per vehicle allowed. i was like since when is this and why is that. the employees are so lazy and half assed they never do anything right. i would say if you are hungry and need a quick bite to eat do not come here what so ever. it should be closed down and they need to do a massive rehire.笑
I accidentally ordered more food then I felt like paying for and they were very accommodating for me at the window. They were all super polite about it and got my order right.:)笑
BK: Are you checking up on your franchise holders? Probably the worst I've ever been to!笑
Out of the last three times I have gone through the drive thru in the morning, my order has been wrong.  My order cannot be easier!  A junior bacon and egg burrito, no cheese, no sauce, only bacon, egg, and hashbrowns inside.  I order it just like that.  The first time, it had sauce in it and I had to go back.  The next time it was correct and this morning, it has sausage in it.  I go back, I tell them, please take out the sausage and put bacon in it.  Instead of just doing that they make me go park out front.  The girl finally brings it out and she tells me it is right.  I don't check it.  I get back to the office and it has bacon but no hashbrowns.  WTF???  How hard is it people??  I try to call and you don't answer your phone. 
 You guys SUCK!笑
Great service, great, fresh, food. Clean all around.
The Hispanic young man (I believe he is a manager, and if not he should be.) that served me did a great job. Very professional.
The Big King is BK's 'Big Mac'. It is made exactly like the Big Mac. Even down to the special sauce. I tasted the meat more-so than anything. 
The chicken nuggets were crispy fresh and good. Fries, as well. 
I really love the Coke fountain they have here. You can add multiple flavors to your soda at no extra charge.
Over all, I give this Burger King a 5/5.笑
Dear Burger King Manager at 2318 W Northern Ave: My fiancé is too kind to write this, but I am not. Yesterday (October 9th, 2013) a few Special Needs Adults came into your Fine Dining Establishment, supervised by my fiancé and his coworker. While it's true, one of these Special Needs Adults does have an issue with body odor, I expect he isn't the first to enter your Fine Dining Establishment with such a problem. They do landscaping work during the day in Phoenix, and don't have time to run home for a shower before sitting down for a burger and fries at your Fine Dining Establishment. I am curious to know if you also ask fully functioning construction workers, surveyors, ranch workers, etc. to leave when faced with the same issue, or if it was simply because these were adults with disabilities? Or perhaps it was because the gentleman in question was African American? I'd like to think you're just an ignorant fuck, but maybe you are a racist ignorant fuck too.  - Liz Petty笑
I went to Cliff castle casino the day before going to Burger King. I ordered two original chicken sandwiches and a iced tea at the drive through. 

Was told by the cashier my $20 was fake. 

I proceeded to give her another $20 and asked for the fake one back so I could take it to the casino where it was given to me. I was told no very rudely. I in turn was rude. 

I left my name and phone # for the manager to call and discuss with me. That was 5 days ago and no call. 

Did not appreciate being treated like a criminal or paying $28 for two original chicken sandwiches and a iced tea. 

Don't go often but will never go back and will encourage others to do the same.笑
Have been to this location on occasion, during my single escapade I have become very fond of the double cheeseburger, however at this location there seems to be an issue with the lettuce not being fresh, lines not be handled in the most efficient manner, and the staff being rude. Not sure what gives however I feel compelled to let the Northern Phoenix community know there are better places to "have it your way."笑
2 stars for free wifi that works & one outlet yay!! Place is dirty and your older burger king when given a choice I'd go to the one on Peoria ave next to metro center mall and barnes and noble, love that one clean, new looking, free wifi. I just love their cleanliness I feel like a clean service area = a clean kitchen! This location was dirty, I washed my hands in the bathroom and it was not very clean. They do however have this deal going on pretty amazing! $1 for a small caramel frap, mocha frap and smoothies for $1 dollar yes!! beat the summer heat with a refreshing ice cold drink from BK! lots of parking