I love this neighborhood bar!  Friendly staff, good food and cold beer.Ǿ
What can I say? Nothing good here at all. The wait staff seemed lost. We ordered cheese curds and they gave us a handful. Literally like 10 little pieces for 6$. Wings were ok but nothing to write home about. Very small and cluttered place. Keep driving, zipps or teakwoods would be a far better choice.Ǿ
Nifty little hidden sports bar with great service and great owners.. Owner Lisa is always friendly. Food is better than bar fair & atmosphere is nice.  A great local bar.  They even have an indoor putting green!Ǿ
The best dive bar! Great specials, okay service. Have plenty of TVs including a projector but kinda small so everything is centralized. Easy to have a great nignt under $20Ǿ
The bartender Amber is awesome! .35 cent taco Thursday and three dollar spaghetti Wednesdays always drink specialsǾ
I stopped by on a Sunday and had a hamburger and fries. I am not sure if I was just hungry or their fries were really good as I finished them all. It wasn't very busy when I was there and there was just one bartender working. They did have a lot of bottle beer but didn't have what I wanted so I went with something on tap. There isn't a huge selection but they did have 2 beers I had never tried before. I had a pint of each and while wasn't blown away but them, it was still good to try something new.Ǿ
Its Friday night and I had no plans, friend asked if anyone was up to going out for karaoke, I said hey why not haven't been in forever,  the place they normally go to they found out that it was no longer in business so they were searching for new spot and found Dark Horse Sports Bar & Grill, it was only 4  1/2 miles from my house, so this was a win win for me.
The staff is very friendly and nice, the bar is small, but it had a welcoming vibe, my friends had fun singing, the drinks are cheap and good!  If you check in on Yelp, you get a dollar off, if you check in on facebook you get buy one get one free for vodka bombers, I picked cherry bombers, they were sweet & strong and only 3 bucks! 
I will be back!Ǿ
The Dark Horse, what can I say? Better than I expected? I guess. It was really nice inside, and I was expecting the worse. There were tons of nice Hi-Def TV's and a good looking projector (rare). And those were the good parts.

Now for the bad. As a previous reviewer wrote, they take care of the regulars better. I sat down with my friend on a Friday night. Yes, we were there for karaoke, but more on that later. This place only had two bartenders working, again, on a busy Friday night, So after waiting several, several minutes my buddy gave up waiting for a waitress and went up to the bar to get us a couple of cold ones. Before he got back, however, a threesome showed up, who were obviously regulars, and one of the bartenders immediately comes to greet them and take their order. It's not that big of a deal but sure does make you feel a little second class.

And now for the karaoke. Now let me say this: the guy has a big list of songs, no doubt about it. But the age old adage of "quality vs. quantity" comes into play here. The most recent song I could find in the book was a Weezer song - from the blue album. And don't get me wrong; I likes me some varietay. It's just that I personally have more fun singing some modern rock tunes. If Warrant, Bon Jovi, and Tesla are your thing, then I found the place for you! 

And one last thing about the karaoke guy, all of his stuff is on CD. Retro: Yes. Efficient: Hell No. I've been spoiled by every other KJ that has their stuff on a PC, and can look things up, and doesn't need CD # + Track # + Etc, and can quickly transition between songs, and lives in 2009. Just my two cents.Ǿ
I like the wino wednesdays, the pasta bowl was delish and was quite a bit for $5, we also like Thursday for the 38 cent tacos and 2 dollar Tecates. Three tacos filled me up.
The wait staff, cook and bartenders can make or break your business, I think the owner has a winning crew
Tammy and DianeǾ
Great sports bar. Staff is very friendly. Service is fantastic. Jason the bartender one of the best in Chandler.  Owner was there during our visit and was very engaging. I didn't try the food but plan to next ime . Overall a clean, friendly neighborhood bar.  Couldn't find any glaring negatives whatsoever.Ǿ
I went with my SO to this joint last week on a Thursday and I  liked it!  I thought it would be to dingy for me, but apparently I'm  dingy girl!  Happy hour til' 9 or 10 BUT reverse happy hour after 11pm.  What more could you want?  Had too large of a beer for $3, some kick-ass nachos ( kind of $$). Spilled cheese on myself. Don't know if it was me or the beer that caused that. But the clientele there didn't mind.  Loud music, breadth of humanity, plenty of seating. Attentive staff. Actually, I think they were trying to get me drunk because they kept coming around and telling me about different drink specials.  TV's with sports and goof-sports shows.  In all, a great way to make for a difficult Friday at work.Ǿ
The Dark Horse rises!

Send out the signal Mr. Commissioner.  We shall convene at the bar!  Needed a dive to hangout with some friends.  I decided to check this place out on a whim and let's just say I did not regret it.

Good food and affordable drinks (AA Member here! Affordable Alcohol) I ordered the Rooster Burger, which came with some sport peppers on the side.  I love it when my burgers have some kick to it.   Grilled onions and Ortega chili a top a cheesy beef patty = yum!  My mate and I ordered their bucket of beer, which only came out to $10 for 5 bottles - Shazam!  I ain't talking about Shaq either!  Live music on a Saturday night.  It was a cover band that was rocking it!  Sweetness, they dressed up like the early 90's --- big hair and waves haha yep!  

The place itself appears to be a sports bar.  Large LCD screens and a projector screen for the main game.  There was a poker game going on at the back of the bar and owners are definitely from SD - Booo!  Go Chiefs! - EnjoyǾ
Those who have been lucky enough to stroll into the Dark Horse Sports Bar in Chandler (SE corner of Ray / Rural) have found a real treasure.  I know when I came in for the first time, I felt like I had come home.  This has become my preferred sports bar to watch the big game and yes I am giving this a sparkling review.

The TVs?  Just as everyone likes.  Flat screens-a-plenty.  High-Definition standard.  And the premier TV is a giant featuring the game everyone wants to see.  NFL Sunday Ticket, ESPN Game Plan, ESPN Full Court, Big Ten Network, MLB Extra Innings, NBA League Pass, Mega March Madness.  You name it, theyve got it.  Within the first few moments when I stepped in, I saw someone flop the nuts at the Main Event WSOP.   Speaking of - Poker Night is hosted every Tuesday.  Also for the musically inclined, theres a Rock Band & Karaoke night staged later in the week.

Happy Hour specials offer many discounts.  And during any football game, its nice to know these specials are always honored.  The menu fare - order any entree and you wont leave hungry.  I recommend the bacon avacado cheeseburger.  The drinks.  You will find many beers on tap, all the spirits, and wine.  And my greatest sense of comfort with Dark Horse is when I go into my favorite bar & ask for "the usual" - they know what I want!

My only complaint about the bar, is there is no Ms. Pac-Man tabletop console.  Since I am the best player I have ever met at that game, I regrettably cannot leave my unbeatable high score mark at Dark Horse.  Where the Longshots are the Favorites.Ǿ
Always a good time at the Dark Horse.  Great jukebox, good food and drinks.  Amber is the bomb.Ǿ
Come on what a blast last night watching the ASU game!  Go devils.  Watched on the big screen..  Packed for karaoke,  Clint rocks as a server thanks for taking such good care of us!Ǿ
What a fantastic bar.  The karaoke dude is sorta...well, interesting, but hey.  He lets us sing and only mildly judges us.

Love the food - hello, Chicago style hot dog - and the drinks are always cold and delicious.  I have a favorite football bar but the Dark Horse has specials every day, including happy hour Monday through Sunday.  So go.  It's fantastic.

The inside is nothing fancy but the staff is warm and friendly.  They do favor the regulars, but generally...regulars treat the staff better.Ǿ
We go to DH often for NFL games.  It's the best place in the area to watch several games at once....trust me, we have tried several.  Food is fair, service if fair, but we will continue to go for NFL and draft beer.Ǿ
Great prices. Service, not so good. Nice place to watch NFL games and have a draft.Ǿ
Went to Frys in the same area recently . . . R.I.P., Dark Horse. This place is now Fullers :( 

Dark Horse was one of the best Dive Bars in Chandler! Used to be a regular hangout for my friends and I on Friday nights. Karaoke, anyone? Always had a great time. 

My friend is a musician, and she'd come here to sing / play in 2009 when Dark Horse had open mic on Thursday nights. Nice to get local musicians some exposure. 

Fantastic drink specials; delicious Long Island Iced Teas and a beer on tap for everyone. 

Will definitely miss this place!Ǿ
If you like watching the your favorite sporting event on a big projector this is the place to be. Along with the projector they also have numerous flat screens all around. All you have to do is ask waitor or waitress to switch the channel to your favorite game and you're happy as a clam. 

The food menu is the typical burger plus fries combination.

They have drink specials Monday through Sunday. They have good deals on bottled beers.Ǿ
If you love Dive Bars then this place may be for you. I personally think that with this kind of location and the open area they have, that they should strive to have much more than a dive location. Cleanliness would be a first step towards that. 

The Bathroom was disgusting. It was only 7pm on a Thursday with only a handful of people in the bar. I recommend the owner clean the place up just a bit.Ǿ
A great neighborhood bar. Unpretentious. Laid back. A place where "everybody knows your name."Ǿ
Ok, let's just forget about the food cuz I only had one thing and it sucked and that's not why I went. So DH gets a free pass on that for now! The first time I went, they had the NHL draft on which I thought was awesome!  (Not enough people are into hockey in my opinion!) I was with a bunch of Polar Ice guys so it was a lot of fun. But the REAL reason you go to Dark Horse is definitely for the Karaoke. It's one of the best song selections I've seen-ahem Wings and Rings down the street could maybe take a hint! Good crowd. Wide variety of "talent" and the MC Karaoke master is like a guy out of The Wedding Singer but you gotta love him! Service is not the best. They seem to take care of the regulars a little better. Still if you're looking for a good time on a Friday night, I highly recommend!Ǿ
So basically the owner was the best part of this place. She was very kind and cool. The food menu was boring and the drinks were okay. However, it was quieter than a morgue. Sooo slow!! What is up w/that??