had delivery and visited them in person, and didnt think anything impressive. Standard menu, good miso soup, bad gyudon (beef and rice), sushi alright, service a little crappy, and the delivery guy asked for a bigger tip, after pounding on my door repeatedly to get my attention. The price is good, but its nothing I'd recommend to anyone.

Revised: Downgraded to 1 star, after I ended up throwing out 70% of a delivery order, poor quality, definitely can get better almost anywhere else in Toronto. Instead of not recommending this, I would instead recommend giving this place a miss.Ǿ
Their lunch special is at a good price including soup and salad, but average taste.Ǿ
Let me just write a quick review for this place. When I'm looking for an affordable and fast place to have sushi in chinatown, its usually a toss-up  between Sushi World and SImon's. For lunch deals, I prefer Sushi world (SW) over Simon's but by a small margin.

SW wins by having slightly tastier maki rolls than Simon's (although they can be a bit heavier with the rice). Their lunch combos are super affordable, roughly $8 incl. tax/tip. For that price you will get miso soup, salad, and 2 maki rolls. There are also teriaki options, and I think..udon? I dont usually get those so cant say much about them. 

Overall, if you are a fan of Simon's fast service and affordable lunch deals, but cant always get a table for your party at prime time, try skipping over to Sushi World. Its a decent, if not better, alternative.Ǿ
The best sushi in downtown Toronto. Rolls are inexpensive and big. The sashimi is very fresh. Have not been in the store, but delivery is always extremely fast. Can order a free California roll with cash delivery if the order is over 25$ before tax which is really nice. We usually order two miso soups, four rolls and sashimi for under 40$ tip and tax included. I highly recommend.Ǿ
This is my favorite place to eat for lunch now, their lunch special is a great deal and I love the sharp-sweet sauce on the chicken katsu. Great sashimi that's never given me gastrointestinal consequences. Great service and very friendly, and fast! Get in here before more people discover it! Tell your friends!Ǿ
I have been here for lunch a tremendous amount of times. They have nice service and average tasting food. I usually get the chicken teriyaki bento box for lunch. However, they raised the price of their lunch specials.Ǿ
We've been hankering for sushi over the past week... as we had a party to go to down in China Town last night, we hopped out at Spadina & College and nipped into the first sushi joint we laid eyes on:  Sushi World.

Before you read further, know that Sushi World is really all about value for your dollar, so if you don't need bells and whistles and just want to stretch your buck, this would be a very good choice.

On to the review!

I can't say much for the look of the place -- they haven't spent much time or money on style at Sushi World, though I will say it's clean and spacious.  I also appreciated that the server, upon being asked by another customer if they could open the windows, replied "oooooh, no... too many smokers outside".  Yay!  Thank you for thinking of my lungs!  On this note, our server was very pleasant if a bit shy.  We both liked her.

So, the food:  

Heather chose the $12.95 spicy roll combo (18pcs, salmon, tuna, and I *think* a cooked salmon roll), while I wasn't feeling too hungry and opted for the vegetarian bento box, figuring it to be more a lunch size due to its cheapcheapcheap $7.55 price tag.

We elected for brown rice, which raised the price tag by $4 ($1 per roll).  This seems pretty standard at sushi restaurants, but I'm always irked... I buy brown rice, it is not THAT much more expensive than white rice.  Still, at least they have it on offer.

Anywho.

Heather mowed through her maki like a champ, liking the salmon, loving the tuna, and unfortunately disapproving of the cooked roll.  I tried all three, and would agree: though I'm not a fan of cooked fish in maki rolls, unagi excepted.  

These were perfectly serviceable maki rolls, if a bit on the small side, satisfying but not mindblowing.  Still, Heather was stuffed afterwards, and it was less than the AYCE, so we came out ahead.

Now to my bento.  So, I'm not hungry, right?.  This bento is for people on the verge of starvation!  3 veggie gyoza, 3 large fried tofu hunks, miso soup, salad, 4 asst veggie tempura, 6 sweet potato tempura, a big pile of rice, and an oversized veggie maki roll (cuke, avocado... carrot?  I forget).  Seriously, it was a ton of food and I was STUFFED.  Everything was solid but not spectacular, though the sweet potato tempura was a bit undercooked.  

Oh, and I've never been a fan of the simple iceberg lettuce salads commonly served, so blech on that.  I should have asked to upgrade to wakame.

So, is this place a 4 or 5 star restaurant?  That depends on what you're looking for.  If you're more concerned with price, hell, the value here is pretty stellar.  I dropped under $9 on my dish and could barely finish it... doesn't get much better than that.

The quality, however, is strictly average -- I've eaten a ton of sushi in my day, and have been exposed to some incredible sushi art, so it's hard for me to go higher than 3 stars for an average but pleasant meal, even if it is on the cheap.

Let's call it a very solid 3, knowing that I'll probably be back for cheap eats another day!

Finally, here's a thought:  if you come to Sushi World and want appetizers... just order the veggie bento.  3 gyoza, 10 veggie tempura, and a maki roll will run you about $15 off the menu.  So save yourself half price, and get salad, soup, rice, and tofu as well!Ǿ
Ordered chicken teriyaki bento (lunch special for $7.99) and a spicy salmon roll for about $5.

Miso soups are complementary and taste slightly subpar.

The portion for the bento is huge. It comes with teriyaki chicken, rice, 3 pieces of California roll, 4 pieces of yam tempura, and a salad. The chicken itself tastes bland while the teriyaki sauce was overpowering. The California roll's prominent feature is the cucumber slices. The yam tempuras are fresh and they are the highlight of the bento.

The spicy salmon roll had the quality of general AYCE sushi locations. It was much better than the California roll though.

Overall it is affordable sushi with large portions and fast service. However, the taste is subpar. It's a good spot to fill your stomach during lunch, or satisfy your sushi cravings on a budget.Ǿ
Ridiculously inexpensive sushi which is totally edible AND enjoyable! The Spicy Salmon Roll: 4.95, and the French Roll: 5.95. The fish is not as fresh as pricier sushi joints, which is to be expected. However, the sushi is delicious and well made. Miso soup is complimentary with every purchase. Reliable sushi spot for a great price.Ǿ
I had a lot of animosity towards Sushi World originally, as they took the location of a lunch time favorite of mine, "Peter Chung King". However I've since gotten over the pain of the loss and have really started to enjoy Sushi World! 

The big draw, is of course the lunch specials. It's close enough to UofT for lunch, has reasonable specials (2 maki rolls, soup and salad) for a good price, and the service is fast and courteous! 

The rolls are always fresh, though definitely a bit rice-y. Their California rolls are actually GOOD - which is so rare for lunch specials, I usually find they were premade (rice a little hard) but at Sushi World the rice is soft and there is a lot of ripe avocado! 

I am always torn between getting rice and udon there, but after seeing the table next to us get udon on my last visit, I'm definitely going to try it out next time. It looks plentiful and delicious! 

While I would say Sushi World is 'the best sushi ever" - it is good, they have variety, the price is right, and they're conveniently located. Definitely worth checking out if you want to grab a sushi lunch (or takeout!)Ǿ
The rice was made too sweet. Obviously I do Not expect at all when I visit Chinese owned Japanese restaurant. I cannot say this is Japanese but just Chinese style roll restaurantǾ
We randomly stopped in late this Wednesday night on our walk back to our hotel and were pleasantly surprised at both the prices and the quality of food here!  

I ordered the salmon roll and green dragon.  The salmon roll was a bit ricey, but I loved it!  My boyfriend had the beef gyoza, a spicy tuna roll, and a california roll.  He raved endlessly about the gyoza and says its some of the best he's ever had.  The spicy tuna wasn't spicy enough for him (he likes it VERY spicy), but I tried it and absolutely loved it.  I only wish we lived closer to Toronto so we could come back!!

Definitely worth a visit!Ǿ
The best sushi at the best price! Comparable to any of the annex sushi restaurants at a fraction of the price. The service is good, and the food is amazing. My one complaint is the atmosphere is a little drab, but the quality of the product by far makes up for that.Ǿ
By far my all-time favorite sushi place in the city!

We passed by this place many times before not thinking much of it. Only until we got a recommendation from friends who are Vancouver sushi snobs did we finally go in.  We were greeted with smiling faces and the friendly service continued throughout the rest of the meal.

They recommended a few of their specialty rolls but we passed and went with our usual orders. Then, they brought out samples of their "Yummy Yam" roll (on the house) and from that point on we've ordered that as our 'dessert' sushi every time we've visited. The brown rice options, the unlimited tea, and the complimentary ice cream at the end of our meal has had us coming back at every opportunity.

Lately, my girlfriend has found herself to be gluten sensitive and unfortunately that means that rolls with tempura and even the soy sauce was off limits. Once we told them about this, they went above and beyond to alter various menu items to accommodate her allergy! They acquired wheat free soy sauce, removed the tempura from any rolls we ordered, and substituted corn starch for flour in their fried foods just for us!

We prefer going in simply because of the friendly service but have tried delivery as well. They can get pretty busy so we forgive the fact that it can take 45mins to 1h (though its usually the former) to deliver. It helps to speak clearly when placing orders since a few words could be lost in translation but we've gotten used to this quirk of the Spadina area.

Everything we've tried has been amazing. From the basic california rolls, to salmon sashimi, to various hand rolls, we have never been disappointed and look forward to the next time we visit!Ǿ
This place is right across the street from my office. I often find myself mindlessly staring at the sign and am then overwhelmed with a craving for sushi.

This place is on the high range of cheap for sushi restaurants. Which is both a good and a bad thing. They also have the $5.99 lunch special that is quite popular for the lunch crowd, even the early dinner crowd because the specials run until 5pm.

I've eaten there a few times,due to geography mostly. 

Their Salmon sashimi portion is tiny, fish is decent enough. 

The crunchy rolls were to die for- seriously awesome!

Then we get to the Rame(sic)n noodles, probably one of the most vile things I have ever eaten. The broth flavour was reminiscent of how one's mouth tastes after barfing in it. The deep fried chicken pieces were greasy and soggy at the same time. The noodles were oily and overcooked. Also, since when is a pile of bean sprouts and not much else considered acceptable when promoting that the menu item comes with vegetables.


They are super nice there, and pretty speedy. It's just a shame that the food is mostly sub par.Ǿ
I LOVE SUSHI WORLD!! Ok, I'm glad I got that out in the open, I feel much better now. Sushi World is one of those unsuspecting gems. Hidden in a row if buildings, smushed between a convenience store and a computer store. Sushi World had those gimmicky signs that offer a cheap lunch (and even cheaper still for students). But don't let their low prices and inconspicuous location fool you. This place is amazing in every aspect. The food is always very fresh and full of flavour, these usually being the downfall of most sushi places. It is also super cheap and has super friendly staff (granted, they don't speak much English but they always greet you with a huge smile). 
If you ever find yourself near U of T or Kensington, check this place out. You won't regret it!Ǿ
Sushi here is just ok, if you are desperate for a sushi fix then come here.  Otherwise just go elsewhere.  it's not bad, but not good either.

It pains me to say but this area is deprived of good sushi places.  Izakaya Sushi across the street was good but now they too have fallen from greatness.

Don't fret, you can't have good eats represented in every area.  IE, I don't expect to find a good chinese restaurant in little Italy or a reputable indian restaurant in chinatown.  Decent sushi is no exception in this area.

Most of the people who come here are university students or people desperate for a sushi fix.  Go elsewhereǾ
Food was not thay good... 
Rice was mushy and tasted stale.
Tempura was too soft  for a tempura.
Salad dressing was too clumped...
Service was ok.. 
And Chinese owned Japanese restaurant so don't expect much~Ǿ
Came here as Izakaya sushi house across the street wasn't open yet, ordered two rolls. This is by far the worst sushi I've ever had!!! Not to exaggerate, even pre-packed sushi taste better than this. The rice was mushy and rather tasteless, the rolls were exceptionally loose as everytime i picked it up with my chopsticks everything inside would fall out. I do not recommend this place, although the waitresses were friendly.Ǿ
I wasn't kidding when I said I LOVED this place. I gave the AYCE a go and here are my conclusions:

-AYCE is amazing.
-AYCE is going to kill me.
-Don't get the sushi pizza. It's too fried and slightly skimps on the fish.
-Do order 8654963 of the mango sushi. NEW FAVOURITE ITEM
-Endless tea is great.
-Total bummer that you can't get their tidal wave rolls (specialty rolls).
-They played the Ting Tings not once but twice while I was there. YESSSSSSSSSSS
-There are outlets and you can hop on someone's wifi! I did some school work.
-I counted six people grabbing menus as they walked pasted the storefront. This is a good sign.
-You can order $19 worth of tempura banana dessert if you want. I may or may not do this, depending on how my exams go.
-Fairly vegetarian friendly. Hurray!

I am going to eat here as much as possible. My goal is to have them name a roll after me (and I have my eye on you, Yummy Yam Roll).