I will note that I am not an expert on Chinese pastries, but I have been on a mission to try all of the pastry shops on Spadina. Of the ones along this road, this one is best in my opinion.

Not only is it pretty tasty, but it's also the cheapest one with the biggest selection. The pastry shop near Sullivan St is almost double the price in comparison and has about the same quality of pastry. Maybe someone would argue differently, but I have tried both shops several times over just to double check consistency and Ding Dong wins out. 

I will warn that the end-of-day food isn't as good and will be a little stale (to be expected when it's freshly baked/fried each day). So like any bakery, early morning is the best (but not too early or half the items won't be out yet). I'd recommend the spring rolls and BBQ buns, not exactly healthy but delicious.Ǿ
Got some wife pastries here...they call them melon something - pretty decent. Mom also tried other baked goods and she approved. Very central in chinatown and opens early and closes pretty late!Ǿ
Love their steamed pork buns 3/$2, their sesame balls 2/$1 and their peanut/red bean sticky rice 3/$1. Most of their other buns are either 3/$1 or 2/$1 depending on the filling. I would just caution against most of the savoury buns - their chicken, beef curry buns because they have tasted a bit funky to me and my friend did get sick once but everything else is great. A few of my favourite sweet buns are the red bean, coconut and milk jam buns.

Also if you go towards the end of the day when they're trying to get rid of all their buns for the day you can grab a huge bag of buns (8+) for only $2!Ǿ
The name is as golden as the delicious pastries and buns.  You also cannot beat the prices - $3 for six buns will definitely keep your belly full without breaking the bank.

Be aware that this place can be hit or miss when it comes to being in stock of your favourite treats (I could seriously just gorge myself on egg tarts for days on end - due to the fact that they seldom have any left when I go, I don't think I'm alone in that unhealthy/concerning/mildly-disgusting addiction).  

I always tend to break my self inflicted "No Eating While You're Walking Down the Street...Ain't Nobody Wants to See that" rule after a trip here (that rule also applies to public transit - kind of hoping it catches on).  The urge to enjoy some delightful Ding Dong is usually too strong to wait until I get home. ;DǾ
This is the only chinese pastry shop that I have tried in Toronto, but it is cheap, yummie and I have a hard time going by without wanting to grab a sesame ball. I've definitely had better, but these are cheap and yummie.Ǿ
DING DONG!? Something dirty or perhaps the sound of a doorbell ringing?

But no, it's another Chinese bakery. WTF!

This one is kind of crappy. I much prefer Furama or Hong Kong Island bakery (across the street). 

Wandered into Ding Dong this evening (6:30pm?) and they were mostly out of stock of many of the items. Lots of the bakery bins were left open and baked goods looked kind of stale and ghetto. The place didn't seem particularly clean either.

You can also buy bubble tea here and there are a couple tables set up at the back, but it didn't look too inviting.

Meh....Ǿ
Inexpensive and tasty.

This isn't the sort of place that will completely blow your mind in terms of quality, but it's definitely decent... and oh-so-cheap. 

For $5 I was able to get enough buns and spring rolls to last me for two meals. They have a huge variety of pastries, and all the ones I tried were pretty good.Ǿ
They have all sorts of chinese pastries for cheap:

Custard tarts - 3 stars - 3 for $1, cheap, but the custard had no taste.

Banama rice cake - 4 stars - forgot how much this was, but it was cheap.  It was soft and and had a nice strong banana flavor to it.

Cash only. I think this is one of the cheaper bakeries in chinatown.Ǿ
I highly recommend this bakery its not that fancy but compared to price its really good bakery. Tried rice cake 3 for 1 and coconut cream 2 for 1 bun that was so soft im in vancouver now sometimes i miss this bakery.Ǿ
It might be because I'm Chinese - but I really like this place.  And probably not for the reasons you think.

Obviously, it's a Chinese bakery.  But the buns are pretty standard.  I do enjoy their curry beef buns - I think it's a cut above your normal curry beef buns elsewhere.

But as a frugal Chinese man: $3 for 6 buns.  As the Engrish sign outside says - it's available 'all of the day'.  Again: $3 for 6 buns.  That's wicked cheap.

And add the fact that the name reminds me of Doraemon.  I suspect this place was named after the Chinese name for Doraemon and not for male genitalia.  Instead of being mildly disturbed, I can smile as I eat my curry beef buns and dream of robotic, atomic cats from the 24th century.Ǿ
One star...ONLY because I had to. I would have much preferred to eat the cardboard box that the woman made me PAY .15 cents for to put the 15 buns/pastries that bought :/. This place sucks compared to Furama Bakery, not that I expected it to be comparable because the prices are much lower, so I went in with lowered expectations but wanted to try another place because I'm still looking for a good to great tasting curry beef bun. This place had no filling in the buns! None! Even the buns that had no fillings and were more sweet than savoury, we're just bland. The owner should actually be embarrassed, or just call it a bread bakery.  I so wish that Yung Sing Pastry Shop on Baldwin St was still around. They had the best buns EVER!! Nobody will ever compare.Ǿ
They have three types of egg tarts. They all have super crispy crust with clean layers that haven't been soaked by the custard. The milk egg tart is white and light tasting. The butter egg tart is very rich. The regular has a texture that in between the other two. The crust is the best I've had, but the custard was short of great. But three for $1 is a great bargain.Ǿ
Soft sweet buns. What can be more appetizing than a few of these buns in your hand? Ding dong makes it happen. Trays and trays of of an assortment of Chinese sweet buns more fillings than you can shake a stick at. For a Loonie, you get 3! Insane lunch idea? You bet. 3 is enough to get you semi full, 6 is a bit much but you can leave some as a snack for later.

My favorite are the ham, corn and mayo buns, the coconut pineapple buns and the hotdog buns.  Although small in portion, you get more than you pay for. Make sure to bring cash money. They don't take debit or credit at this bun factory.Ǿ
I used to go here when I was in undergrad and hasn't been there for about 4 years.  It's still great as always (3 for $1, 2 for $1) and friendly lady behind the cash.  Will keep coming back for their cheap buns! (Though I have to agree, not the best or freshest around, but certainly the cheapest!)Ǿ
Both pastries my wife and I had, the red bean bun, and the pineapple, were excellent.  You can't beat the price!  Note this is not a great place to sit or have a full meal, but if you are in the mood for something tasty, inexpensive and quick, this is a treat not to miss.Ǿ
When I saw the reviews on Ding Dong Pastries I had to go check it out. It far exceeded my expectations! Lots of variety of pastries and for confusingly cheap prices. 

All buns are indeed 6 for $3 (no tax), I ended up buying 12 of them. Large swiss roll cakes are approx. $2 each. Steamed pork buns are 3 for $2. The steamed pork buns were well seasoned and contained a generous portion of pork. Egg tarts are 3 for $1. The egg tart filling was not firm enough for my taste but the shell was deliciously crispy. 

I visited at 11 a.m. and the place was very well stocked :) If I lived in the area I would never want to cook again.Ǿ
Ding Dong! Really? The sound of a door bell is the name of the store! Original? Ridiculous?  I don't know...here's what I know! The buns looks kind of cheap and not as sexy as typical viennoiserie. That's a fact! But here's another fact, don't get deceive by ridiculous store name nor not-so-attractive bungs 'cause they're amazing!

I'm not kidding! I really thought my friend was crazy when he brang me to this place with my last 5 dollars before being flat broke from my long week-end to Toronto. He told me, if you need some snacks for the bus ride back to Montreal, let's go there before going to the bus station. Ok I Said. The place had a good quote on Yelp and I was doubting a lot. Another, 3.30$ for 6 buns with tax. Well, let's go for it, I'm broke and kind of hungry. Bought the meat buns...I don't know what's the secret of this bun but it's super fresh. Do they put some chemical that makes the buns super fluffy for a long time? I have no idea. But it was fresh, nice desert buns too! So next time I go to a place that has a fugly name, I'll go in...maybe for the kick of it but mostly because I know that if the place has a ridiculous name and still in business, it's because it's mostly likely pretty amazing!Ǿ
This bakery is a hit or miss based on what products you purchase. People say the steamed buns are good but I've never tried. I've tried the blueberry puffs, coconut cream bun, mini chicken pie, twisty coconut bread, custard bun and a tuna bun. The items with meat inside were fine. However the blueberry puffs was basically layered phylo pastry with a minute drop of blueberry stuff, the custard bun had the measliest spread of custard within it. The cream bun was decent was the heavy cream saving the concoction. I have mixed feelings about this location. If I'm being honest, I go there because it's cheap and because it's conveniently right there on my way back from work. I wouldn't go out of my way to purchase anything from here but if I'm there might as well get something.Ǿ
Wanted some BBQ pork buns in chinatown and I haven't found the place that gives me what I'd expect in a quality bun. I've visited Mashion bakery and this place is probably just on par with there. The prices are pretty good, 2 for 1 dollar buns and I feel the pricing is on par with the food quality. The problem with me is that I just keep craving more BBQ pork filling. Two little tears of BBQ with sauce just doesn't do it for me. While the taste was throughout the bun, it's just not what I'm used to. There used to be a place in the Dragon Centre and their filling was amazing, and ever since my search for the best BBQ pork bun continues.Ǿ
This is a modest place--no gimmicks or pretensions--that delivers the basic range at a fair price.  Their sweets are particularly well done and available in smaller portions (and at a price that reflects this).

I'm not sure where the grumbles about cleanliness come from.  I'm in here every other day and I have always found the place clean and well-maintained, with customer drops and spills attended to in a flash.  If every MacDonalds were as well taken care of, you might actually find me woofing down the odd Big Mac (although not likely).

For enviropurists, I should add that years ago, I got myself a segmented bento box at Tai Phong hardware and always use it for my lunches.  Ding Dong is quite patient and gracious about this little idiosyncrasy of mine, even searching the kitchen for the right size of elastic band for me once when my own had just given out through use.  I ride a bike and my ubiquitous knapsack, with its permanently resident bento and water bottle, have probably averted a warehouse full of garbage over the years.  It's our own personal duty to clean things up--kvetching about the others will never get anything done.Ǿ
When I go to Chinatown or the nearby Kensington market, I always have to stop by this bakery.  There are many bakeries in the neighbourhood that are very very similar to this one, but for some reason, Ding Dong Pastries is still my favourite.  Their pastries are always fresh (even in the late afternoons) and they offer a wide range of Asian goods.

Even though all their pastries looks so appetizing, I keep coming back for their steam pork buns.  They are absolutely my favourites here!  It's hard to describe what they taste like, so you'll have to trust me on their deliciousness and see for yourself.

A close second favourite to the pork buns are the coconut cream buns. With just the right combination of coconut taste and sweet cream filling, these buns are perfect for dessert.  Every time I go back home to Quebec City for the holidays or for a quick trip, my mom always has me bring a couple!  That's how tasty they are.

I also have to mention that the prices are super cheap here.  You can get 2 coconut buns for $1 and 3 steam pork buns for $2.  That's a deal you can't pass up!Ǿ
I've walked by here sooo many times, and always felt a little fearful of going in because really, who knows what goes inside the food in any shop on Spadina....a little sketchy.
Anywho, I finally built up the courage to go in, and lo and behold, no dogs or rats were being cooked!! 
First, I walked by all the little shelves of their freshly baked buns, and was very impressed with the variety of buns and desserts to choose from! Not to mention, the smell of their fresh products was to die for!! After checking out everything they had to offer, I made up my mind, and decided to go with the 3 sticky rice balls for only $1!! I got 2 with the peanut filling (Which I thought was amazing), and the other was a red bean filling (it was the first time I ever tasted red bean filling, and it was a lot sweeter than I expected it to be!). 
I simply loved the texture of the rice ball, it fit the 3 S's category....sticky, squishy, and soft!!!
I was very impressed with the quality of the product and cannot wait to go back again and try something new!!Ǿ
I have lived in and frequented Chinatown for several years, and I have to say that Ding Dong is the best combination of quality and price as far as Chinese bakeries in the area go.

They have the best deals on buns and sweets, the products always taste fresh and they have bonus items I have not seen at all other bakeries such as delicious spring rolls and AMAZING steamed soup buns, which come in both vegetarian and meat versions.

The girls working there are always very pleasant, and the store appears clean and modern, with tables at the front, which is definitely a one-up on a few of the more 'classic' bakeries.

Out of the products I have tried, I can particularly recommend the following items from Ding Dong:

- spring rolls (veg)
- steamed soup buns (meat and veg)
- small and large savoury buns (bbq pork, curry beef, ham and cheese, hot dog fillings)
- sweet buns (coconut cream filled)
- sweet rice balls (taro, red bean)
- sesame balls
- walnut layer cake
- paper cup sponge cake
- egg tarts

I have had much better experiences going to the bakery early in the day, but I have always managed to buy way more than I could eat in 2 sittings, and I don't think I have ever spent more than $10 at a time.Ǿ
So this place had been around for a long time. I d been to the other one (Mashion) up the street from it), but I keep coming back to this one. Why? Because even though the others SOUND cheaper, they re really not. This place has 6 (full-size) buns for $3 . They always have great variety and their stuff is pretty fresh . The other place has much smaller buns and always feels a bit stale. Buy one bun for your, the rest for your friends/colleagues and be a star for $3.40 (with tax)! But remember, CASH ONLY (there is an ATM inside the store)!Ǿ
Cheap, delicious and tons of baked goods to choose from. Can't recommend this place enough.Ǿ
Not sure how healthy these pastries are, but they are soo good and soo cheap. Most breads are either 2 or 3 for $1 and they're really big too. Highly recommend the steamed pork buns (3/$2) and egg tarts (3/$1). Can't get a better deal anywhere else.Ǿ
Awesome buns, great selection! I'd recommend going later and getting their 6 for $2 deal (after 8:00pm).Ǿ
Excellent selection of Chinese cookies, buns, cakes and dumplings.  Also very reasonable prices.  Most items are 2 or 3 for $1.

There are trays at the entrance.  Tongs at checkout which is a pity.  It's not always obvious to the first time customer to grab these from the counter.  I found someone grabbing and replacing various items before I offered my tongs.

Three types of egg tarts:  custard and egg.  Can't recall the second type of egg tart but their regular egg tart was delicious.

Sponge cake was light and fluffy.

Everything else was excellent except for the curry beef pastry - it was all pastry.  I think there was no more than a teaspoon of filling.

Lines are long but worth the wait!  And take cash!Ǿ
Came here after finding Kim Moon and Furama were closed. Their pineapple bun sucked. It's such a simple pastry I never realized it could be mucked.  The coating on top didn't have the usual sweet fragrance that makes you drool. The bun was stale (at least two days old). I took 2 bites and threw out the 3 I bought. My conscience prevented me from feeding pigeons.  The service was fine towards us, but its hard to believe that they turned away a father with a tiny boy asking to borrow their bathroom. I am a mother and have a heart and most importantly - I have taste buds. Will never return no matter how strongly I am craving Chinese pastries.Ǿ
Nice bakery with some good vegetarian options.
Their baked taro buns and red bean buns are very nice and are warm if you come in the morning, and are 2 for 1$. So a great price, and though not very healthy because of all the sugar give a pretty good meal with protein. 

I love that the open at 8:30 so if I'm running late to a 9am class or something I can pick up something to eat on the way. They are also open on Sundays which Mashion bakery up the road is not. 

They aren't the best buns, but you can't ask for perfect quality for that price.The bread tastes a bit more more like western bread from the supermarket than normal chinese dumpling dough. The taro buns are mostly bread and not much taro filling. Still, they taste freshly made in the morning. 

I will definitely be back.Ǿ
Favourites - coconut bun, chicken pie pastry.Ǿ
I live in north end of Toronto and all the pastry shops here charges at least $1 per bun. I am delighted to stumble upon this bakery where the buns are only 2 for $1. This is practically a steal for me as it seems everything is like half the price compared to the stuff up north!!

The 2 for $1 buns include staples such as the plain and red bean/coconut/custard filled pineapple buns, bbq pork buns, sausage buns, dried shredded pork buns, etc. There are also super cheap egg and milk tarts and sticky rice balls (peanuts or red bean fillings) that are 3 for $1. 

I was practically a kid in a candy shop when I was in the store and went on a huge shopping spree. Everything came up to only $7 in total and that was basically more than enough buns to feed me every morning in the week.Ǿ
- 6 buns for $3. you really cant go wrong in chinatown. seriously.
- i always get my trifecta of portugese chicken, tuna, and curry beef.... for the savory. and then a bunch of coconut ones for good measure.
- and come on. with a name like this.... you gotta go.
- im actually eating a coconut bun as i type this review!Ǿ
Walking through Ding Dong Pastries and Cafe it was difficult to stay focused and travel a straight path. Everything looked delicious! Every bin was filled with goodies crafted with delicate handiwork promising something good hidden inside. The store was clean with white floors and walls, making the loafs and buns stand out. 

Prices were cheap, entire loaves of desert breads for $2. Flavors ranged from white to Asian (angel food cake to sesame and melon). This place has something for everyone, so long as you keep in mind it is a Chinese bakery (sorry, no apple pie/elephant ears here...). Customer service is friendly, and helpful. Definitely worth a visit if you've got loose change and want something sweet.Ǿ
I don't know if Chinese pastries suck or if this bakery sucks. The place was filled of stale looking pastries that looked like they were shook around in a bag for an hour and then placed back on the rack.

The place was not very clean, the floors seemed dirty and the counter had crumbs all over the place.

I bought 1 piece. I forget what it was called, but it was a rice dough filled with peanuts and sugar.  So spoon of sugar, some peanuts and rice and just put those in your mouth simultaneously and that's what I had. No real baking involved it seems.Ǿ
The only wow factor is the cheap prices.
The buns I have gotten from this place is flavorless. The beef curry variety they have lack in filling, curry and beef taste. All I was tasting is salty goo in the middle. The BBQ pork bun again lack in taste. The egg tarts looked stale and rushed and was unappetizing to the eye and it was around noon when I went.

I don't think i'll come back here. I rather pay a bit more for quality versus quantity.Ǿ
I love this bakery. I'm mostly a fan of the steamed pork and vegetable buns. I can eat those all day! The cakes/sweets are also very good! 

My only suggestion is to add a LITTLE BIT more meat in the steamed pork buns. Every few buns, I'll find one that's more bun than anything.Ǿ
Been going here for years! Best Bakery deals on Spadina. I usually go for 3 for $1 egg tarts, 3 for $2 Steam Pork and Veggie Buns, 4 for $1 spring rolls, and swiss cake rolls!Ǿ
Homemade Asian sweets for a super cheap price conveniently located in a place where one would want to rest after exploring Chinatown? Yes please! There are always "3 for $1" deals available so you'll never feel broke after buying food. A must visit for all humans!Ǿ
Personal favourite for Hong Kong-style Chinese pastries. Good stuff. And not expensive.Ǿ
I stepped into this place because I loved the name. Ding dong. For real?

Ding Dong (huh huh) tastes pretty much like rest of the bakeries in the area, although it has newness and novelty on its side. However, with these new ways, they bring along that nasty habit of wrapping pastries in individual bags. One plus is they don't pre-wrap the goods, so if you're enviro-conscious, I recommend letting the cashier know when you reach the counter or you'll have to suffer, watching her slowly wrap and seal each one of your treats. I stood behind one customer with 12 pastries, and it seemed like I grew stubble... which is serious, given I'm a girl.

I recommend just getting a grab-and-go dessert. Figure out the cost, lay the money in the cashier's sight, and munch away.Ǿ
First stop of yesterday's Yelp Elite Tasty Tour! I was actually pretty excited to check this place out as I had just been reading about it on BlogTO a few hours prior (pure coincidence). 

Came inside and the first thing that hit me was the smell. Cue biggest grin of my life as my nostrils absorbed the scent of all that is good in the world. Walls of baked goods as far as the eye could see, golden brown in color and inviting drool the longer I stood there. 

We were led to the back to have a seat (be warned, this is a grab and go place, not to sit and enjoy at your leisure) and listened to an introduction about the venue while staring at the tray of sesame rice balls in front of us. 

This was my first time trying one and I must say, 10's across the board. That special talent Asians have for making things sweet and religious without overloading it with sugar and artificial flavors was prevalent here. Gummy, sticky, chewy rice casing enveloped in sesame seeds with a red bean paste - YUM. I bet it is even better when it's warm! 

Another cool thing (I didn't get to experience this today but some other time), the baking area is visible through a large window at the back of the shop so you're actually able to watch them in action.  

Otherwise, ambiance is open, friendly and cheery. Prices are rock bottom cheap (I'm almost afraid to come on my own) and the woman behind the cash was cheery, prompt and took my money with a smile. :D 

Can't wait to come back.Ǿ
Love this place - they're a tad more expensive than Mashion, but you definitely notice that the buns are bigger and have more stuffing. They have a larger selection of sweet buns than Mashion too. My favs are the hot dog bun, the red bean bun, and the BBQ pork bun!Ǿ
Ding Dong is perhaps my least favorite Chinese bakery in Chinatown.  I'll echo the sentiment of every other review...it's cheap.  Yes, there's a lot of competition and in that situation you have two ways of distinguishing yourself: cheap quantity or high quality.  Ding Dong chose the former.

I find the pastries here bland, stale-tasting, and underwhelming.  Not that Chinese pastries are usually all that refined, but out of the times I've bought 3 or 4 things here, usually 1-3 of them end up in the trash.  The sesame balls are oddly greasy and soggy...I mean they're usually greasy, but here the grease permeates all the way through the glutinous rice.  The buns invariably taste stale and artificial...lots of dough conditioners and the like must have been used.  

Some of the buns that should be more steamed and delicate are instead bread-y.  Many of the bean paste buns taste more like bean paste spooned into WonderBread.  The chao sa bao (pork buns) have a gristly and tough filling.

Basically, the only redeeming aspect is the staff.  They can be really friendly and warm and are always quite enthusiastic when I attempt my primitive Mandarin.  But, I'm here for the pastries, and I'll pay a little bit more somewhere else.Ǿ
The pastries are decent but the price is super cheap. I went to Toronto for two days and I tried this place for their pastries. It is pretty decent for the price. I remember getting 3 egg tarts for $1. A lot of the pastries there are $1 or less.Ǿ
Sorry but the worst place in Chinatown for Chinese buns. They are the cheapest as far as I am aware, with the second being Mashion but the quality is not there. For normal buns Hong Kong Island is by far the best, for the rice balls with filling Mashion is better quality for a little more.

The "mochi" or rice balls have a pitiful amount of filling and the store overall just feels the most worn down and unkempt.Ǿ
Pastries are great with good price but the customer service is horrible. I lined up for the cashier and when it was my turn to pay the cashier let a man, likely a regular customer, cut in front of me. I also don't like how they put every little pastries in separate plastic bags - needless garbage. I asked for a box instead. Then the cashier let more people cut in front. She just took other people's order. It was like a Chinese line (if you've been to China, you'll know) - whoever stick their cash in front of the cashier's face usually got their goods first. When I realized that I was slightly short on cash I pulled out the debit. The cashier took the card, ran it through the machine and said, 'I'm going to charge you 50 cents for the card transaction.' I said there is no sign anywhere about the charge. Then one cashier whispered something to another and they waived the charge. Meanwhile more people are cutting in front of me. The experience put me off and although I like the pastries there, I will try a different bakery next time.Ǿ
It really doesn't get any better than this place - not only do you get authentic Chinese pastries here, but also you get it at prices comparable to what you would find on the streets of China. I've never seen 3 pineapple buns for $1 (lowest I've seen in the US is 1 pineapple bun for $1), 3 steamed pork/combination/sweet pork buns for $2, coconut mochi balls with peanut or red bean filling at 3 for $1. It took some serious self control to not go crazy and buy 20 pastries but I did walk away with 10 pastries for only $4 - compared to a store here in Ann Arbor, Michigan that may just be one measly pastry, two small ones at best. The taste was up to par, too as I enjoyed the pineapple custard bun (could have used a little bit more custard filling but I really can't complain), the peanut coconut mochi ball (coconut really worked well with the peanut filling and yummy mochi), and the sweet pork bun which had a great combination of pork and some kind of onion/vegetable to balance out the flavor. This place is just hands down the best Asian bakery I have ever been to - definitely worth a visit if you're in the Kensington Market area!Ǿ
3.5 stars coming from the oven!

Ding-Dong the witch had the pastries here and went to heaven! Plus she made a killing on the prices: 6 buns for 3 bucks. That's a bit on the crazy side of prices in this town. The buns that I bought at the end of the day were still deliciously fresh and mildly sweet just the way I like, perhaps a bit more eggy than I'd like. I really enjoyed the paper cakes and the taro bun. However, the empty display cases while indicative of sold out products looked sad.

I was also happy seeing that they have mango mousse cake which is surprisingly hard to find!

My friends thought that the lady serving us might have been tipsy, but hey it was TGIF!

p.s.I like the buns here more than the T&T ones that Loblaws has begun to carry. Fun fact: The Weston family owns T&T now!

p.p.s. I love that this bakery is called Ding Dong. I am sure it's got some really deep Confucian philosophical meaning but even it doesn't, the name injects a wonderful dose of quirk into Toronto.

p.p.p.s. When I open my bakery, I'll call it Thank You, Come Again! just cuz I can!Ǿ
Great buns at a great price. Decently sized buns too. I seem to recall them giving you really cheap bags to store the buns in but you get what you pay for.Ǿ
After walking the streets of the Toronto Chinatown... We were looking around to see which Chinese bakery that was the best to buy some goodies to take back to our hotel and eat it for the next morning till our tour bus leaves for Ottawa the next day... As we were walking around we happened to run into Ding Dong Pastries which was not to bad of a Chinese Bakery!!! Before our tour bus was about to leave we bought some hot dog bun and some green onion bun to take back to our hotel...Ǿ
Go here maybe once a week. They started the 6 buns for $3 in response to Mashion Bakery that opened just up the street. Used to go to Furama but stopped going after they kept jacking up the prices.
These are simple buns, they're not gonna win any awards.
Buns are all right but their customer service is trash. I picked 6 buns for $3 deal and the cashier told me to get another bun for $3. After a short talk I found out that one of the buns I picked doesn't qualify for the deal. No biggie. I go and grab another and ask to switch out. She ignores and rings me up for $3.50. So I tell her that I don't want the non-deal one and she gives me this dirty look, drops the bun on the tray and shoves it to my chest - motioning me to put it back. All right, so I put it back, pay up and leave; lady doesn't even look at me the whole time and utters something in Chinese as I leave. I get home and find out 2 of the buns are all squished/crushed.
So she got pissed that I didn't want that $0.50 bun and proceeded to squish the buns. B-R-A-V-O Ding Dong. You're not the only bakery in town.

TLDR:
- went in for $3 for 6 buns deal
- found out 1 bun didn't qualify
- switched out the culprit, didn't want to pay extra
- cashier got pissed and squashed the buns while I wasn't lookingǾ
Not bad, the buns are super cheap and good stomach fillers! Make sure to go earlier during the day, because they run out of most of their buns by closing time. Chicken pie and taro buns were not as good as their steamed pork/bbq pork buns, which could also have used more meat.Ǿ
A must visit everytime I'm in Chinatown. The prices are extremely reasonable (vs Scarborough/Markham and just about anywhere else). $1 for 3 delicious egg tarts??? The last two times the egg tarts were all sold out. Just goes to show that quality and value are great for business. 

I love the chicken pies here, they have the best, buttery crust and the filling is amazing. It's moist with chicken, peas, and carrots and bursting with flavour.

The buns are on point and definitely worth buying to take home for breakfasts or afternoon snacks.Ǿ
This bakery has the best prices in chinatown. There are quite a few options of 3 for a dollar like the soft rice balls with peanut filling, the flaky egg tarts, and the coconut tarts! The filling flavours are good but I wouldn't say they're the best of the bakeries. I have to give that spot to Hong Kong Island.

I like that this place is always stocked and keeps up with demand really well. I always get some fresh out of the oven buns in my purchases.Ǿ
My favorite type of place to stop in any big city are the Chinese bakeries, and Toronto was no exception.

Ordered sesame balls and a pineapple bun. Should have ordered more sesame balls! Very yummy, though a little lacking in filling. Pineapple bun had no filling which was sad.

Boyfriend got tuna bun with very little filling and a peanut rice bun, highly recommended. 

It was all good but not great.Ǿ
A slightly unfortunate name but a fortunate find. It's your basic Chinese pastry/bun place. Everything is always fresh. Prices are great. A good selection of dessert type buns and what I call meal replacement buns: ham and cheese, sausage, etc. Nothing too challenging here, not like some of the pastry shops you'll find in Korea which seem to compete to create the ultimate "WTF Sandwich" (combos like honey glaze, mayo, egg salad, creamed corn, and jam).

Some tables are strewn about and if you can't wait to smuggled these puppies home, you can eat 'em right in the shop. Grab three or four meal replacement buns and you got the makings of a cheap lunch you can scarf down there and then continue on your way.Ǿ
This bakery is amazing. You can buy 6 bread for $3!!! Probably the cheapest Chinese bakery I've ever been to. At the same time, they're also bloody delicious.

Even though the fillings aren't that much, the bread makes up for it. It's extremely fluffy and soft, just melts in your mouth. Probably the best bread I've had so far. I'd recomend the BBQ pork buns; they're awesome.

Filling flavor - 4 stars, Bread - 4 1/2 stars, Value - 5 stars. You people gotta stop by here!!!Ǿ
Importantly, the shop's name is redolent of many things. I chose to be callow about it. Hi!Hi! Anyway, there's an abounding of equal pastry stores in chinatown. Same delicious items (even the meat filled breads have a sweeter profile) and same price range (most are 2 buns for a buck). I much prefer this place of retail business because the lady at the cash isn't as rude as in other places.Ǿ
My first time trying anything from a Chinese bakery. We were here as part of the Yelp Elite Tasty Tour and sampled the red bean sesame ball.

The outside was crunchy and the inside was very gelatinous. Inside was a paste of red beans. I sometimes have an issue with texture and this item was a bit hard for me to swallow. While I appreciate the crunchy outside texture and the non-overly sweetness of the pastry, I don't believe I would order this in the future. Glad to say I tried this once!

I will return to try another pastry and update my review at that time.Ǿ
Ignore the name, respect the game! This is one of the better of the Asian pastry bakeries that are scattered along Spadina and China town. Of note, the spring rolls (3 for $1), the ham and cheese buns and the hot dog buns. Good selection, fresh, and $7 buys you breakfast, lunch and dinner. Go!Ǿ
The greatness that is Ding Dong begins with it's name, continues with  tongs and trays and finishes with the fact that no matter what you put on the tray, the bill is never over $4.00.

I have yet to be adventurous enough to try the tuna, mystery meat or hot dog filled buns, but I can promise you, if you treat yourself to a coconut bun you, will not be disappointed. So sweet, so fresh, so satisfying!

There are these slightly artificial fruity looking cakes that are always on special for $10.00, I have yet to try them but if anybody does, I would love to know how they are.Ǿ
This place is ridiculously cheap. 

They have some run-of-the-mill Chinese baked goods, but the choices are quite limited compared to other bakeries. I really like their PINEAPPLE BUNS! (3 for $1) Other than that, they don't have many yummy goods. Their cheesecake is quite pitiful and the fillings inside of BBQ buns are very, very thin. 

Tax is already included in the price, so you literally hand over a loonie to the cashier. They have a lot of good deals (huge coconut twists- 2 for $1?!) which is why I go back very often. These are good when you want to chew on something because you're bored. Otherwise I wouldn't really offer these baked goods to your guests!Ǿ
I really liked this place mostly because of the fantastic stacks of freshly baked bread! I also loved the array of different treats that can be found in this bakery. We tried an egg based delicacy that I would not normally have chosen, but wow - it was great. 

This was the first stop on a sweet treats tour around Toronto and our group had to go back here at the end - just too many amazing treats to pass up, and the bread - wow. Thick, dense, amazing bread that would be good for just about anything!