I do believe that the OMG Philly sandwich is just about the best sandwich I've ever had!! I took a piece while I was driving and literally had to park and finish it. Fries were fresh and crispy!笑
Any thing you order is Amazing !Filling portions and flavorful combinations!!Im a fan!!I tell everyone one I know ..if you dont get anywhere else...GO GET YOUR FIX!!!笑
Seems like Lee Road is akin to rotating new establishments, but I vote to keep this gem alive! Modestly trendy cute on the inside. Kind of a small joint, only has about 4 tables to seat the posse. While sitting, the counter had a lot of to-go order traffic.

Though all the Sandwich items here had something unique to offer, I ordered the OMG chicken philly with jumbo shrimp, sautéed mushrooms, onions, peppers, melted swiss on toasted brioche bun with yum yum mayo. Usually not a fan of yum yum, but had to give it up to Black Box Fix for finding the balance between sweet and savory. All sandwiches come with a side, more like a very healthy portion of garlic parmesan fries. I couldn't taste the cheese or seasoning, they fell off, but for being those size cut, I was impressed by how crispy they were. 

Splurged on a Soul roll as well, seeing that it was only offered on certain days of the week. Looked like an eggroll, the wrapper wasn't soggy. Inside was Cajun rice. It was carb on carb. For $4, I advise skipping the creole roll and putting that money on a down payment for your next sandwich.

Expect to fall into food coma afterwards.

Park on nearby parking meters笑
Had a taste for a good burger and since I was tired of the regular typical burger spots, I decided to give the place a try. I must say it did not disappoint! The menu is just the right size where it's not overwhelming but there is plenty on the menu to choose from. I ordered the RailRoader with the Cajun Fries. It was great. I highly recommend this place.笑
Their sandwiches are pretty friggin' awesome.  Same with the soul rolls.
Unfortunately, the fries are consistently under-cooked and raw tasting.  I usually end up throwing most of them out (which really sucks since the seasoning is great).
I'm still wondering what's going on with their Online Ordering..... The web site reads "SOON online ordering..." for almost a year now.笑
Fabulously delicious! 

Got to meet the owners and chef and watch them make everything and everyone feel special. Love this spot.

Try the signature dish OMG" wtf" Philly shrimp and chicken. You will die and return back to earth satisfied.
Extremely pleased.笑
Service 5 stars food 4 stars
Only negative is the price for what you get hibachi burger and fries not worth $13笑
Located in the former Sweetie Fry spot, my old favorite joint for gourmet ice cream and fries, I wasn't in a particular hurry to go back and find the the new Black Box Fix. When I first saw the sign go up before they opened, I had no idea what it was. Then I discovered that they'd be a sandwich shop... "oh, another sandwich shop." Then I discovered that it's run by Eric Rogers of Nevaeh catering and contestant on Food Network's "Guy's Grocery Games". Then I discovered their menu. With items like...

Hibachi Burger - hibachi seasoned beef topped with mozarella/provolone, sauteed mushrooms, onions, peppers & JUMBO grilled shrimp on a toasted kaiser bun with yum yum mayo.

OMG Philly  - Grilled chicken and JUMBO shrimp with sauteed mushrooms, onions, peppers and melted swiss on a toasted kaiser bun with yum yum mayo.

I finally decided to go. If you've seen my previous reviews, I appreciate good food, but what I do not appreciate is overpaying for subpar quality or less than tasty food. The two sandwiches above are no bargain at $13 each, but boy... two of the better and tastiest sandwiches I've ever had, period! AND... they come with hand cut garlic parm fries, yo!! The care and attention to detail and taste that Eric and his kitchen crew puts in their craft shows in the two sandwiches I tried. By the way, there were two of us and split each sandwich - although I could have eaten both myself... they were THAT good!

I've paid around $13 for a sandwich recently (and that just the sandwich) at a joint where they claim to serve "the most satisfying burger on earth" and came away very disappointed. The quality of BBF's sandwiches, plus the fact that they combo it with their deliciously satisfying garlic parm fries, made it worth every penny! Also, I asked for medium and they executed it perfectly, unlike other places who can't get the temperature right. Will definitely be back!

My only criticism, which has nothing to do with this rating is: my request for a cup of ice water was declined. They offered soda or a bottled water for purchase. I don't drink soda, nor do I believe that one should have to pay for water when dining in a restaurant.笑
Take out place that just moved to Lee road. Tried it on recommendation from a friend. I got the sampler pack which had several different kinds of sliders (Fried Chicken, Burger, BBQ). All three were good, but the burger may have been the best I've ever had. Been back several times since to order burgers and they all have been fantastic.笑
04/05/2016
I got there at 9:27 pm and ordered a "Mr Martin". Even though they close they door by 9:45,they let me stay and finish my food. Very nice and polite. Good service. Food? Excellent. Must try. The only thing missing was some hot sauce. Good price for wonderful meal.

04/19/2016
Don't try to place an order by phone 20 minutes before they close. They don't even pick up the phone. I called 5 times and each time rang for few minutes, but no answer. I guess business must be so go, they don't bother answering the phone.笑
Very good! Owner and chef came out and talked to us. Everyone working there is very friendly and offered great recommendations. Good was amazing. Worth going to!笑
SO GOOD! I met my very picky boyfriend here for lunch last week and even he loved it. The prices may seem a little high until you get your food and see how great it looks and the amount of food you get.  We will certainly be back in the future. 

The only thing I can think to warn people of is that the wait is a little longer than you'd expect. I would almost consider ordering it on the way if you're in any kind of hurry. 

The staff was great and I'm so glad to have seen this place completely packed!笑
This place was really good! We had the soul roll, which lets be honest I could have just made a meal out of that, the Ruben Gobble and the OMG Philly. All of them had a lot of flavor and were very good. One of my biggest pet peeves with ordering sandwiches to go is that the bread tends to get soggy. NOT THE CASE HERE! The bread still had a crispy texture from the grill and the sandwich still had a lot of flavor and was not dry at all. The boyfriend loves the OMG Philly and appreciated the touch of seafood in the shrimp. Overall we were very happy with our first Black Box Fix and we will be back to try more of the menu!笑
- Lovely place! Black owned and operated, which makes me proud. The decor is simple, modern, clean and easy to navigate. Most people get their food to go, but we sat down at one of the several seats they had. The staff is friendly and you can damn-near see right into the kitchen to watch the chefs work. I ordered the "OMG Philly", which is chicken, cheese, shrimp, some amazing sauce and several other amazing ingredients. It comes with parmesan fries, which weren't very parmesan-y in my opinion, but that sandwich... it was freaking awesome, filling as well. There are no plates, everything was served in a black takeout box even while eating in. I loved this place and will surely be here again.笑
Clevelanders! I say, Clevelanders, bring your appetite with you! I had the OMG Philly and it truly was OMG! The perfect blend of chicken and shrimp on a wonderfully soft bun.笑
Great burgers great service they are welcoming and I'm always happy to support this kind of business quality food and quality people笑
I have only tried the OMG Philly and it is really good I just think it's a lil pricy for the size.  The soul roll is pretty decent too.笑
Really good steak and chicken sub the taste was really fresh not like most greasy spoons in Cleveland I highly recommend this place for a quick take out meal笑
Few places actually enrich a neighbor and this is extremely hard to do in the Lee and cedar rd area, but they have truly made an enormous impact on the area!  They specialize in gourmet sandwiches with the OMG Philly being a must try.  The soul rolls are experience all their own.  I really enjoy the option for veggies instead of fries.  Each sandwich is made to order, if you are in a rush you have the option to call ahead for your order.  If you are ever in the area, you are doing yourself a disservice by not trying the food.笑
I went to the Grand Opening today and my food was absolutely amazing and I'm actually going back tomorrow with friends. The got the OMG Philly with the Soul Roll. If your in the neighborhood make this a must stop. Great job Chef Eric笑
I ordered the OMG Philly and boy is it appropriately named!  Everything was delicious about this sandwich!  The roll was soft, the veggies tender and the chicken and shrimp were cooked to perfection!  Whatever mayo/cheese a sauce they put on it was also divine!  

I will definitely be returning soon to try more things!笑
Food was spot on service was very friendly and food arrived in a timely fashion! Great place to check out!! Thanks fellow yelpers for the suggestion笑
Pretty good stuff! I had the OMG sandwich and it was very good! It had a perfect amount of cheese, the chicken was very tender and the shrimp was delicious!  
I will say that the garlic fries didn't taste like they had garlic, but that could be because I am immune to garlic at this point in life if it's not drowning my food! *slight garlic addict here* 

My husband got the hibachi burger and it was surprisingly bland. We were pretty disappointed in the burger, but the OMG sandwich was flavorful and delicious!

Fries aren't crispy, they're more lightly firm/soft. So if you want really crispy fries, they won't be for you.笑
I went to Black Box for the 1st time today. I was sooo excited! I ordered a soul roll and was so disappointed. It's supposed to be andouille sausage, greens and jambalaya. I had not 1 piece of sausage and 2 little pieces of greens. The chili sauce was great but I basically had a  rice roll. I'll never order 1 again.笑
This place was pretty good, a bit pricy for what you get. The OMG Philly  was great clocked to perfection  with gooey goodness. 

The fries we're hot and crispy, with a little bit of shredded parmesan cheese.

The only thing that I did not care for was the soul roll. It was 3 or 4 dollars and was just a fried egg roll wanton shell filled with dirty rice and to dip in an Asian spring roll sauce you can get at any  Asian market. I had higher expectations for it.笑
The key to fully understand Black Box Fix is realize that BBF in not "fast food". As I read a number of the other reviews it is clear they were hoping to pay McDonald prices for Morton's quality. The truth, as is so often the case lies somewhere in between. 

The quality of the food is excellent. The blend of ingredients is intriguing. Prices are commensurate with that level. A by product of this level of food is an appropriate wait time. All in all we felt the prices were VERY fair. Would we like a few more tables? Sure! Regardless we're going back...soon. Both of us still want to try at least three other sandwiches.笑
if past experience at their previous location on S. Green Rd as Nevaeh...this is going to be fantastic.  In their first day on Facebook with the new address they had over 500 likes and they have over 17,000 Instagram followers.笑
Mmmmm....tasty, seasoned well and the sandwiches  are overstuffed. I ate half one-day and took the rest for lunch笑
My first experience I got the LBJ special. Ya'll really should bring it back!! The steak was delicious and, although I didn't get shrimp added, I know it would've made it that much more delicious. The yum yum sauce is a great balance of slightly sweet and savory. 

Next I got the Railroader because, bacon jam. I still dream about that stuff. The shrimp is so plump, juicy and well-seasoned. Same goes with the burger patty.

The only complaint I would have is the garlic parmesan fries are soggy and not crisp. Thats a personal preference. Either way I hope the place is here to stay and I will definitely be back to try more of their many delicious looking burgers and sandwiches.笑
The Railroader Burger from Black Box Fix is probably one of the most amazing burgers I have ever had. The sweet/savory-ness of the onion jam combined with the flavors of the smoked gouda cheese make an amazing burger. I would highly recommend, and I don't even like mushrooms, but you can't even taste them. 

However, quite let down by the fries that come with the burger. They tend to be quite soggy, and the cheese seems to just be thrown on cold. Overall the seasoning seems lacking, which is quite disappointing when you compare it with the burger. They are a little better when eaten fresh, but since I usually order to-go, by the time I eat them they are cold and I won't finish them.

Also, not a huge fan of the Chicken Philly. I personally found it pretty dry, which makes it boring and difficult to eat after the first few bites.

But hey, four stars because I will definitely be back for that burger again.笑
This almost food coma is brought to me by Black Box Fix. I got the win win,  chicken and corned beef. Besides the meat, the bread is so fresh and I love the use of mushrooms. I waited at Kazstylins secret closet and had time to shop while the food was prepared. That and the 30 minute free parking made this a wonderful treat. If only I didn't have two more hours of driving left... but I'll make it!   

The handcut fries should be eaten hot.笑
One of the better sandwich shops, with a great twist to the sandwiches we're all used to, My first visit I got the Hibachi Burger, cooked to perfection, it was exactly what it sound like, replace the lo mien with a bun and thick juicy flavorful patty, topped with cheese, mushrooms and shrimp!!! The OMG Philly was my next purchase and its your philly chesse steak version 2.0. The flavors they pack into these sandwiches is just something you shouldn't miss out on if your in the neighborhood. The staff is always friendly, ordering over the phone is quick and simple and if they say 15 minutes it will be ready in 15 minutes.笑
Look, it's a $13 sandwich at a carry out joint!  For this I expected something amazing or at least delicious.  What I got was just average in every way.  

I got the OMG Philly and was not impressed.  The attempt at seasonings in the sauce still left it bland, and the bun was way too small.  Fries were soft and greasy.  Wha?

Add this place to the Heights trend of overpricing and under-delivering while everyone raves.  I'm baffled.

Next time I'll just go to the Colony or even Best Gyros for better food at appropriate prices.笑
Good Lord, this food tastes like Heaven in a Black Box!!!

I found this Cleveland gem through a coworker. The pics of the food on Yelp, says it all. Everything looks delicious and full of mouth watering flavor! I got the BBF Sampler. I never knew a burger could taste so good without condiments. The sweet caramelized bacon & onions on top was the kick in the tastebuds. And the chicken sandwich is the best chicken sandwich that I have ever tasted-literally. The soul roll was really good. It was a nice spin on the well known egg roll. The sweet sauce served with it set off the flavor a of the roll nicely. The fries (served with garlic butter and cheese on top) are good all by themselves. 

Anyone from Cleveland and visitors from out of town need to do their tastebuds a favor. You know this place must be good if Guy Fieri visits! The Black Box Fix is top notch!笑
Debating... 4 or 5 stars? The burger was incredible. Actually, I ordered the fried chicken "burger" (I had the Railroad) with all of the options and garlic Parmesan fries. I can't say enough good things about the "burger" so that won out the 5 stars for me! The onion/bacon jam was salty and sweet and creamy and smooth and delicious... I could go on. The chicken was good, the bun was good. Not a single complaint about the sandwich and I will be back for more!

The service was also great! We placed a phone order and took it home to eat, but everyone we interacted with was friendly and helpful.

My only reservation was the fries. 100% personal preference: I really like fries that are crispier on the outside and soft or airy on the inside (think: McDonald's fries. I know. Please don't judge me too much). These were more like steak fries and were okay. Not crispy. I didn't finish mine because I was so full on my delicious sandwich so I didn't care too much, honestly.笑
I have to agree with my fellow Yelpers, this place is pretty good.  BBF has been on my short list of places to try for some time.  I finally got the opportunity, last Friday evening.  I phoned in my order and there was just a very short wait when we arrived.   I ordered the OMG Philly with Garlic Parmesan fries.  My daughter had the Hibachi burger with cajun seasoned fries.  We live approx 15 minutes from BBF, but our food was still fresh and hot when we arrived home.  My OMG Philly was DIVINE, fresh bread, tender flavor chicken, seasoned grilled shrimp, peppers onions and mushrooms.  This was so good. Unlike other Philly sandwiches that I've had, I could taste each and every component in this sandwich.   Everything was cooked perfectly!!The fries were tasty too, not much garlic flavor but still very good.  My daughter enjoyed her burger and fries, as well.   I will absolutely return to BBF!笑
Got the BBF sampler. Super delicious! It contains one railroad slider, one mr. Martin slider, garlic parmesan fries and creole roll. Didn't get the creole roll because of high demand (which is posted on the menu) but they substituted it with my choice of cole slaw. Really nice staff and loved the simplicity of flavors and atmosphere. Walked in and three customers were in the restaurant and when I left there was 10! Welcome to Lee Rd! I wish all the best in success for them!! I will be visiting again!笑
I love the new decor in here. The black walls have a clean, restful effect. Had lunch here with a friend on a quiet Tuesday afternoon, so we could talk over an event we are planning.  It was a good choice.

I got the shrimp Philly with cole slaw instead of fries. I love a good shrimp sandwich, and this was really good. But I think next time I will have it with no cheese, since I prefer the flavor of shrimp without the extra dairy.

The cole slaw was excellent! Tasted as if it had been just made.  I am a cole slaw connoisseur; I think my own that I make at home is better than what I find at most restaurants.  But the BBF Cole slaw is another story -/ good balance of sweet, tart, and salty flavored, a bit of onion but not too much, and very fresh & crisp & so so good.

The staff was friendly and helpful, attentive without being overwhelming.

I  will be back.笑
Fantastic.

The sandwiches were great, the sides were great. The veggie sandwich and slaw was awesome. The hibachi burger was crazy good.笑
Really good. Had the OMG philly and would get it again. Shrimp was cooked perfectly. Staff was really nice and welcoming. We had a four year old and a baby and they were accommodating for us to eat there. No high chairs but we called ahead to see if they had room. Most people grab their food and go, but it was nice to sit and dine in a clean, laid back place. Paper plates and plastic ware, but who cares? Food speaks for itself.笑
This place is a great addition to Lee Road. We were sad to see Sweetie Fry leave, but Black Box Fix provides a premium sandwich shop experience. I would liken it to XOCO in Chicago - expect to pay a little more than you would for a normal sandwich, but the quality is great. We really enjoyed our first visit and will be back again.  

Pro Tip: Order ahead online or by phone. Sandwiches can take 10-20 minutes before they are ready.笑
This place was fantastic! I really wasn't expecting it to be this good but, damn! They use real hand pressed meat, not the cheap patties you buy in bulk. The chef took his time. Our burgers were juicy and delicious! We had the sampler, the hibachi burger and the Lee road hobo. Their fries have garlic and cheese and simply melt in your mouth, like their burgers. I mean, this place was superb! A+ service,  the atmosphere was awesome. The FOOD! Good lawd, we will FOR SURE be back. Thank you for restoring my faith in burgers!笑
Bro, this stuff is pretty good. My mom and I went out to lunch here. At first glance, I thought the menu was kind of pricy for just a sandwich, but you get a ton of really good food for your buck. I got the chicken sandwich (the Mr. Martin), and it was fantastic! The fries that come with the order are also to die for. 

Everyone working here was quite nice. The chef came out to ask how our meals were, and we were pleased to tell him that we were very satisfied. I will definitely be going back here to try out the rest of the menu soon :)笑
Woah, what happened here?  With all of the good yelp reviews, i expected these sandwiches to blow me out of the water.  Instead, while they were decent as I was eating them, they left me with a bad taste in my mouth.  

Here's the thing.  If you like Melt, you will like this place.  Bread soaked most of the way through with butter then slathered with yum yum mayo, and paired with fries that are covered with cheese.  Might be your thing, but not for me.笑
Excellent food best chicken philly i've ever had the food here is to die for! This sandwich is the perfect blend of ingredients  super tender chicken 6 juicy shrimp and creamy cheese sauce top it all off with onins and mushrooms severed on a perferct bun!笑
The Railroader was phenomenal. I thought I got mayo on my face as I was eating it, but when I went to wipe it away and saw my napkin mayo-less I realized it was actually tears of joy rolling down my cheeks.笑
This is certainly a premium sandwich shop.  I heard about the reviews and decided to check it out.  I was VERY impressed.  I had the Railroader sandwich and it was
awesome!!  I'll tell all my friends to get there.
I'll be back!!!笑
Place is very clean. Lady taking order nice.  I had the OMG Philly $13 and Hobo $8.50. Food is good but not as good as all the hype. Very, very overpriced.笑
The absolute best burger I have ever had! I live in Cleveland Heights and have found some of our area restaurants to have great sounding menus but often the food served is disappointing. But the Black Box Fix was fabulous. I had the Railroader with the most delicious array of ingredients  - top quality - you can't go wrong here!笑
This place is amazing! I was referred by a friend who tasted their food while here for a weekend. 

First, the food LOOKS amazing. If you're anything like me, I eat with my eyes first! My take out box was a work of art. My sandwich was nearly placed in the box and my fries were accented with fresh Parmesan and parsley. I also ordered a soul roll and it was steaming hot and looked delicious. 

Before I get to the taste of the food let me add that the restaurant is in a good location. Although parking can be difficult there's usually a spot somewhere in the vicinity. The restaurant itself is quaint (probably not best for large parties) and very clean! The decor is nice and the atmosphere (and staff) are warm and welcoming. 

THE FOOD IS AMAZING! I purchased the OMG philly and it was delicious. The sandwich is accompanied by garlic Parmesan French fries. They were delicious as well. The soul roll....oh the soul roll....it was so different yet tasty. It's filled with pork or turkey andouille sausage, collards and rice. Then it's fried in an egg roll wrapper and served with sweet chili sauce. Overall, I was not disappointed. I will be returning.笑
Solid lunch spot!! I came here with my mentor on a Friday for lunch. We both ordered the Heights Fish and the portions are very, very plentiful!

The sandwiches come with fries that are so delicious and they come with a sprinkling of toppings. It's definitely comfort food - lots of calories and plentiful and enjoyable.

It's more of a fast casual place where you can order at the bar and sit and eat if you'd like. 

The only puzzling thing is that I wanted to come here for lunch with some friends on a Saturday... But they don't open until 2pm! I found that to be interesting. Be sure to check the hours to make sure they're open.笑
Friendly and very helpful staff will help you choose among the mouthwatering options. We tried the Mr. Martin and the Heights Fish. Great blend of flavors, a little spice to the Mr. Martin (I should have asked for a little more). My husband called his Heights Fish "frighteningly good." The blackberry ginger ale was a nice treat too. Twelve seats in the restaurant and there was a constant flow of people ordering food but we had no trouble getting seats at noon. Coming back, and soon, to try out the rest of this menu!笑
Visiting from Atlanta and was told this was a new spot to try in the neighborhood. Called in my order after looking at some reviews on yelp. My order was ready when i got there around fifteen minutes after I placed it. I ordered the black box sampler. Which was very good. Only part I didn't like was the mayo on my burger. Had I known I would have asked them to leave that off. But everything else was good. The soul roll was interesting. Had good flavor a little spice to it didn't get to try the dipping sauce. 

Overall it was a good experience, good food, and a black owned biz makes it even better!