Took the whole family on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch, we were greeted at the door by the owner Vinny. When he saw we were a party of six, he brought the chairs and tables outside and put them inside so we could eat in the air condition. The pizza is by far the best in Las Vegas. It was so good, we ordered a second one. I highly recommend to have lunch or dinner with Vinny, a true New Yorker.笑
I gotta say, this guy has his crust DOWN. Really good stuff...he's was an NYC firefighter per our convo (and photos on the wall). I'd come back.笑
Vinny provides a NY pizza experience. His pizza passes all the requirements New Yorkers will expect. Great crust and it passes the fold and grease tests. Cheese and sauce excellent. Prices are more than reasonable and the menu is extensive. And he sells by the slice!!笑
Really good east coast pizza, the cannoli and cheesecake were even better this knucklehead over here from New York he knows how to make a great cannoli I don't know what they say about this bike but he's the shit笑
Wings were not good. Very dry and tasteless. Onion rings were delicious though. Vinny the owner was great and for that I will add another star. Might try the pizza. We'll see.笑
The pizza here is very good real New York style pizza. Been coming here for months now. And will keep coming back. Friendly people. The ownner is a Retired fireman. Cool guy. Love the food!笑
This is the prime example of don't judge a book by its cover. The place looks a little sketchy but the food is so delicious and authentically Italian. Literally the best pizza and canollis I've ever had.笑
Vinny makes the best New York style slice that I have found here. It is definitely a classic restaurant so if you like the old school/traditional vibe this is a must. I tend to eat clean but when I'm craving some pizza this is the only place I will go to!笑
Every order is always fresh, delicious and made right. They are super fast. Each delivery driver has been very kind as well. I'm a fan. Just wish they were open later.笑
A good solid NY- Style pizza within the confines of Vegas. 

They also deliver to hotels, which is a major plus! 

We ordered just a plain cheese, and an order of garlic knots, and they were both legitimately decent. The best I've ever had? No, but above average, and even better than most other delivery joints in the area. 

The dough was nice, chewy and fold-able and the sauce and cheese were pretty on point. The garlic knots are a lot smaller than what I'm used to, but were still equally delicious and drenched in garlic butter. 

The delivery time I was quoted was also correct if not on the dot. 

Again, a nice place to order carry out when in Vegas. Sometimes you're too tired to go out, or just want to party at the hotel and this place hits the spot.笑
Payless pizza 2 is awesome.The guy that  owns this place Vinny really knows what he's doing. he cares so much about customer service gives out the best quality food.makes the best pizza ever tasted...thumbs up I give this place a five star review.I will be back soon.笑
Just about the best NYNY style pizza in town at a price that can't be beat. Vinny (The Boss) is a real New Yorker and his pies are legit. Great price, great value. That's why I keep coming back. Don't be fooled by the 'unique' name, this place is one of Las Vegas' hidden gems.笑
Had the Payless pizza and it amazing! Me and my friend almost finished a large by ourselves. Lol 

Great service, Vinny was super cool and a really nice guy. Can't wait to go there again!!!笑
New York style pizza at its finest! The bread, the sauce, the cheese, and the customer service were all perfect. Made me want to come back before I received my order. Stop by if you live in Vegas. Good prices also笑
This place is a true authentic New York style pizza! If your looking for the perfect pizza pie this is your place. Thanks to yelp we found this hidden gem. Don't let the location or the name full you, defiantly my new favorite in Vegas!笑
3rd time ordering from here...3rd time was the charm! The first delivery took over an hour and by the time we got the food, pizza was cold,burgers were ok but the fries were soggy! I didnt review at that time because the driver, an older nice man, called saying he was running late and he apologized again when delivering food...2nd time the fingers were so small & not very good & the pizza was just soaking in so much grease...but we enjoyed their burgers and kids still ate the pizza after I wiped off the grease w/paper towels! Now tonight...delivery was on time, pizza was hot, & the burgers were amazing! You might think its weird since its a pizza place but you must order their burgers! We will be ordering again & hopefully we get the same results as tonight! I think the owner read some of the old reviews & made the right changes, I might even take a chance & give the chicken fingers another try next time!笑
Good thin crust New York style pizza at a great price. Just the right amount of sauce and fresh toppings. 
The owner is personable and fun to talk with. 
Would definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas笑
This is the best pizza place I could find in Vegas, owner Vinny knows what he is doing. I am so happy becouse I finally found pizza that I like!笑
Vinny from Bed Stuy you got a great spot here. I felt like I was back home in Brooklyn having a great slice sitting on the stoop笑
I've recently moved to the West Tropicana area, and I just wanted to drop a few lines to say thanks to Vinny and the crew at Payless Pizza #2 and Ribs for consistently going out of their way to make sure I'm happy! The food is super tasty, the ingredients are quality, and the prices are VERY reasonable! Whether you're in the mood for Pizza, BBQ/Roasted Chicken, Fried Fish/Fried Chicken, or Burgers. Payless Pizza #2 and Ribs is by far the best in The West Trop area! Also, lookout for Vinny's Combo Meals!! Here's just a few: Chicken and Ribs, Fried Chicken and Ribs, Fried Fish and Ribs, and Fried Fish and Fried Chicken. All of these come with Fries, and a side dish.

Also, if you really want to try something different, and you like things like Collard Greens and Kale. Tell Vinny to add a side of Broccoli Rabe (Rapini) to your order. It's seasoned right, garlicky, and just a little spicy. I order it every time I'm there!笑
Staff is very friendly, explained the menu well and gave us good recommendation. We ordered their pizza and it was really really good. Will definitely be back again to try their subs.笑
I never would of went here IF I didn't buy a Groupon, only because I'm not in the area of Tropicana and Duneville very often (like never).  For $16 plus tax, I received a large pizza w/topping of my choice (pepperoni), a small salad with homemade ranch dressing (delicious) and a 2 liter bottle of soda.  My Jet smelled like a real pizzeria all the way home.  Mmm...huge, cheesy, greasy (good kind) of pizza slices you can fold!  One piece filled me up, but I'll be back.  My guys loved it too.  Check this place out, you won't be sorry!笑
Great food!  We were heading back to Vegas from a log day trip. I called this place and put an order in. A  while later, they called to see how close we were so our food would be hot out of the oven. 
We got a variety of items and all were excellent!  I highly recommend this place.笑
The owner Vinny was very friendly and welcoming. Went in for carry out, waited a short time... To make a long story short... We aren't even back to our hotel and we've both already had slices. The smell and taste is amazing! Recommended to outta towners and locals for yummy food and great service. They said you couldn't do it and you did it Vinny! "Si se puede!"笑
Vinny!! He definatley makes u feel welcome as soon as you walk through the door. I ordered the pepperoni pizza and hot wings & i was not dissapointed!笑
Excellent pizza and cheese steaks. No need to go to NY for pizza or Tony Lukes in Philly- steaks are awesome.笑
Today I ordered from here for the very first time, and I had an issue with my order and when I called the person who answered was I guess the owner, I proceeded to tell him I had an issue with my food and before even asking what I had ordered or my name he said your order was done right, after preceding to still complain he finally asked my address and then said we sell alot of wings here there's nothing wrong with your food! I was angry so I hung up I then called back to ask for a distric manager name and number he said there was none he's the one in charge I told him his customer service was terrible because he didn't even get my info at first or attempt to resolve the problem instead he said "I'm busy here" I'm sorry but customers on the phone are just as important as the ones in your store. I will never order from here again! U only get a star because I have to in order to post this review!!!笑
Staying in Las Vegas for a week without a car.   So i yelped all the places that will deliver food to my hotel.  My kids of course love pizza so this place was a must try since it got good reviews.  After trying to use eat24 and not having any luck, I just called and placed my order.  I first asked if I could get the $5/55 discount they offer when placing through the app since I wasn't able to use the app and the guy said he will have to see based on what I ordered.  The ordering process took awhile because he had a hard time hearing my order and I was put on hold for a bit while they ran my credit card. I ordered a x large pepporronni pizza, 1 full rack of ribs, 1 cheese steak sandwhich,  1 spaghetti and meatballs, 2 sides of ranch and sodas.  All that for my husband and 3 little kids.  I wanted to order extra just so we can have leftovers the next day. Our order arrived in an hour, they called me 10 minutes early to let me know the driver is on their way.  That gave me time to walk to the lobby and meet him.  Driver was friendly.   The receipt he gave me was just a written list of the items I ordered,  no price or total, so no way of knowing if he gave me the $5 discount.  Only total was from the credit card receipt.  Going to restaurants I always prefer an itemized receipt so I know exactly what they charge me for, because mistakes can happen.  My total bill was $75, but through the app it showed my total as $67.39 for all the exact items I ordered with the tax and discount included. So not sure if they overcharged me since once again, there was no itemized receipt. Or if he even gave me the discount like he said he did.  So I wasn't too happy about the total.
Well back to the food.  The pizza was yummy.  It wasn't piping hot, just warm, but still good.  I can imagine it tasting much better fresh hot out of the oven.  The ribs were tender.  I prefer my ribs extra saucy, but these ribs had just a glaze of bbq sauce over it. The Philly cheese steak was good.  The meat very flavorful.  The bread just a bit dry.  We didn't eat the spaghetti, but I did take just a bite to try it.  It was ok to me.  The sauce is a bit on the tarty side.  But i like the fact they use the thin spaghetti noodles.  We finished most of the pizza with only 2 slices left.  That's breakfast for the kids.   Still have pretty much have the whole rack of ribs left.  So that's all leftover lunch for us.  I would probably order from here again, just for the pizza alone.  But i would double check carefully on what they are charging.笑
Not open. I came here at 815 on Sunday night. Says it's open till 9. Hungry boyfriend very sad.
Said it was out of their control. I'll come back soon笑
Just had a great experience here! Could not decide between getting a sandwich and trying the pizza so my colleague and I split the pizza and each ordered a sandwich. I can safely say I just had the best meatball sub I've ever had and loved the pizza! The owner Vinny is a great guy and very helpful. Strongly recommend this place and will definitely be back!笑
Today was maybe the 5th or 6th time ordering from here. We've had the pizza & it's amazing. I'm from Long Island so when it comes to pizza, I can be very picky. Closest thing to Pizza from NY!
Today we had the pasta with chicken and tomatoes on a garlic sauce, with cheese garlic bread & cannolis. Excellent!
The delivery is fast & the food is always hot & fresh!
Definitely the best pizza & price in town!笑
Pizza was ok, a little on the greasy side. It also took over an hour longer then they said it would to be delivered.笑
I love this place! Every time I'm in town I have to stop here. The food is amazing. Best pizza in town, and the burgers are to die for.笑
Came in for the check-in offer. (free personal cheese pizza 7$ value) it was very good. Highly recommend stopping by if you're in the area. Friendly staff. Inside is a little small, so if you have more than 4 people in your party I'd recommend taking it to go or having it delivered.笑
Wonderful experience from start to finish! Food was delicious and fresh. Ordered Vinny Special pizza and 2 orders of cheesy garlic bread with extra marinara. LOVED IT ALL. Customer service was spectacular! We ordered delivery 30mins before they closed and they were gracious enough to take it. Called us as soon as the pizza came out the oven to let us know they were en route and confirmed the address. I thought that was a very nice touch. Very polite on the phone as well and answered our questions. Great spot in Vegas!笑
This place is legit and the gentlemen were great. Don't let the shopping center fool you. Yummy!笑
I called at 940 pm to place a order for pick up and he sounded annoyed and said he was closing in 20 mins. I said I have a groupon deal and he said ok and that I had to be there in 15mins, I replied yes I'll be there in 15 mins and he reminded me again that they were closing soon. When I walked in the guy greeted me kinda rude, I said I'm here to pick up and he says I need $2.50 for tax, I was like ok ...he didn't mention that over the phone. How did he figure the tax for $2.50 when I paid $16 for the deal. I purchased a groupon for a one large topping pizza, house salad and a 2 liter soda. The pizza was very greasy and salty, didn't even need parmesan cheese that's how salty it was. The salad was bland, it came with iceberg lettuce, a few black olives, 1 slice tomato, couple red onions slices. I am not impressed with the customer service and am not coming back to this place!笑
Mmmmm Yummy I have to admit our delivery feast from here was simply irrestistable! An aquaintance of ours treated us to dinner and ordered a delicious feast for us to enjoy!
The white pizza was Amazing full of cheese and the crust was delicious! The desserts were also Amazing good! I was really impressed as I was hesitant in ordering from a shop that I had not seen or been to prior. It was all finger licking good, I was moaning this night for sure. 

Large white pizza
2 bacon cheeseburgers
2 mozarella cheese sticks
2 slices carrot cakes
3 slices cheesecakes
Six pack of root beer笑
Can't quite put my finger on it, but I love this place !!

For me it is a real slice of Americana. A true hidden gem, a gem masquerading as a whole in the wall.

The food is good old fashioned mom & pop pizzeria. We had the baby back rib dinner and a an xl meat lovers. Both were solid. The pizza was huge, the sauce to die for and as a cheese lover I wasn't left wanting for cheese. The pizza brought back memories of pizza I had many years ago when I first moved to the US. The ribs fells off the bone, just as baby backs should.

Had time to talk to the owner whilst waiting for our order, he is new to the business and definitely committed to providing a quality experience and value for money. His enthusiasm alone had me rooting for him and that was before I got to sample the fare.

Don't judge a book by it's cover nor a restaurant by it's exterior.笑
Went there yesterday after reading that they served pizza by the Slice. 

First of all.... The food is amazing! I had the lunch special 2slices of pizza and drinks for 6 dollars. Yummmmmm! The pizza is amazing. 

Second... It's a little pizza place hidden. It feels so cozy and like home. They have a ton of cool picture on the wall that are cool to look at. 

Third... The people there are amazing. They are very inviting. It was my first time actually going in there and they made me feel like family In a way. Vinny was the man who attended me. He very nice and friendly. We shared stories about our families. 

Over all great experience! Going back today for sure. I took a menu... Ordering the soho sub lunch special.笑
PROS:
+ Friendly service, guys have been in business over 15 years here.
+ Discounts for lunch and cash payment.
+ Location is convenient for those in the area with limited transportation options.
+ Menu has a lot to offer, prices are pretty reasonable. 

CONS:
- Upon ordering, owner said the sign of good pizza was "When the grease drips down your arm" which luckily didn't happen but was totally a turnoff.
- The pizza was kind of lackluster and didn't have much flavor. Crust had good chew, Pepperoni and mushroom toppings were good but cheese and sauce were bland. 
- They don't really market themselves as an NY style spot but the decor is all NY themed and frankly this spot under delivers when I'm expecting a NY slice. Wouldn't go out of my way to come back but would try something else on the menu.笑
Grew up in Queens haven't had a pizza like this in years. Old school style pizza meet las Vegas.笑
I was in Vegas for an event and asked the front desk in our hotel where I could get some real authentic pizza... Right away they said "For the BEST pizza in town got to Payless Pizza" 1st of all it was right off the strip, very convenient to get there. Now for the food, this pizza was AWESOME, if your in the Vegas I recommend this place. BTW Food is priced right, not like everything else on the strip,笑
Great food, great service, affordable! If you think you have found the best pizza or Italian in Vegas you haven't been to this place!笑
Good delicious pizza, fast service, and a great owner. 

Driving along Tropicana with an insatiable lust for pizza in my heart, I glanced over my shoulder and saw a plain white banner draped over the side of the building with simple red letters spelling: PIZZA

A hard u-turn later I found myself heading right toward the small corner establishment with neon signs in the window advertising delivery and hot delicious pizza. With a name like "Payless Pizza #2 and Ribs" how could you go wrong? Walking in the place had all the marks of a great mom n' pop pizzeria: family photos, a few seats, and most importantly a massive kitchen bustling for Saturday night's order. Vinnie, the owner, manning the phone and acting as a conductor orchestrating the chaos. Genuine and cool, he took the order and showed the seating area.

The wait was small and the pizza came out hot and steaming. A recipe as Vinnie says 'took months to perfect for Vegas,' meant perfect crust for an amazing New York pizza, by far one of the best in Vegas. Tucked away in a little corner shop, a group of folks is working hard on stuffing the hearts of Las Vegas with delicious New York Pizza, the hard working folks at Payless Pizza #2 and Ribs.笑
AH-mazing pizza!
I hosted a corporate meeting a while back in April 2016 and ordered pizza from Payless Pizza 2  I was dubious until the first bite! Now that was a great pizza.! The people attending the meeting took some back to their hotels and asked to have the leftovers for lunch the next day! 
Since that time every time a member of the company visits town they ask for "that awesome pizza" Courteous staff, well priced, fast and DELICIOUS!   The best thing is the consistency of their product.  Its always tastes the same which is also Ah-mazing! ;-)笑
Found this place thanks to my fellow yelpers. Didn't feel like spending a ton of money on the strip for pizza so drove about 5 minutes and it was worth it. This place is tucked away and hard to miss. Pizza is excellent and we will be coming back again. Super nice guys also!笑
Awful! Two burnt slices of pizza and a can of soda was 6 bucks! When I realized that I could get a 16" pizza for 8 bucks Vinnie (the poor example of a manager) said "its to late!" He was rude and when I said I'm going to write a review about this terrible experience he said "do what you gotta do!" NEVER AGAIN! Also he changes the prices and cant give you a legit receipt. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. YOUVE BEEN WARNED!笑
Pizza is ok- not bad, not outstanding. The same specials in the area are $7.99 and this is $9.99. Maybe it's an extra $2 for grease! The pizza was swimming in it and we used loads of paper towels to soak it up! 
The crust is a bit bland too.笑
While not award winning pizza, they are kind enough to deliver to the front of your hotel & assist with bypassing the ridiculous hotel policy of no deliveries to rooms. 

Pricing is a bit higher than average, but their Philly Cheese Steak Pizza is amazing.笑
Rude service!

Called in for delivery for my co-workers and I. We finally found a new place that would deliver to us. However,  whoever answered the phone (I wish I got his name) was completely rude. I told him before I ordered that this will be 3 separate orders (2 co-worker meals and mine) He went ahead and took my order. In the middle of taking my order I assume there was another phone call (heard a phone ringing in the back) he did not say 'please hold' but me on hold which sounded like he hung up the phone (I ended up looking at my phone to make sure he didn't). A few seconds later I heard him clicked back in and he asked for payment.  I told him 2 orders will be paying with CC and 1 with cash.

After taking the CC numbers 

he said 'THIS WILL NOT HAPPEN AGAIN WE DON'T SEPARATE ORDERS!'. (in a very annoyed tone)

 I repeated what he said 'You don't separate orders?' 

him: 'YES, BECAUSE I HAD ANOTHER CALL ON THE LINE AND NOW I MISSED THAT ORDER BECAUSE I HAD TO INPUT ALL THESE CC NUMBERS'.

I  would have been fine if he told me that from the beginning
(I would have taken my services else where but they wouldn't have gotten a bad review).

If he doesn't want to separate orders then that his prerogative I guess but don't catch an attitude and come up with an ridiculous reason on why you don't separate orders when it was the first thing I said.  I was then about to cancel my order but decided to keep it since I was really hungry and didn't want to search for another place.

He was to rude to be on phone services maybe he should be put back to wash dishes.

Our order hasn't come yet but will come back and give it a fair review based off the taste & quality of the food but as for Customer Service they failed.

------------------------------       FOOD REVIEW    --------------------------------------------------

Updated Review after receiving food

Ordered 3 meals 

1) Vinnys Special Pasta 
2) Rigatoni a la Vodka 
3) Traditional Gyro

Overall very fresh food could tell food was made by hand. Enjoyed that everything was still hot upon arrival & Garlic Bread was still crispy (..mmmmm ..LOVED that garlic bread). You get large portions for great prices!  

I would definitely eat here again.

Also greatly appreciated  Vinny for calling to checkup on the food!

Would have given 4 stars but knocked off a star for the bad phone service.笑
This is great!!! I love New York style pizza and many people who claim to make it dont really have it. This place does. They even vent the box!! The prices are very affordable too. Vinny, the owner is a former FDNY and always greats me like a friend. I couldn't recommend it higher.笑
More grease than pizza, $8.29 for a Cesar salad and made with cheap everything.   Never agaon笑
We stopped by yesterday for lunch. We were just looking for a quick bite before heading to a local event. Wow. What a pleasant surprise. We looked at the reviews and were hopeful, but as an ex New Yorker I will say THIS is the real deal!! Not just the food... which ROCKS!! But Vinnie just made the experience for us. We had the pizza and philly steaks. Both were awesome. And the fries... extra crispy (just how we like them) with a great house seasoning!!
I really don't think you could go wrong with anything on this menu. It's clear there is love in all the dishes here. As a former New Yorker, and chef in New York, this place has my stamp of approval!!笑
Being from New York and having to suffer with the bad pizza in Las Vegas. It's about time I have a pizza place that's just like home. Best pizza in Las Vegas. Payless Pizza #2. Vinnie is retired FDNY Engine 315 Ladder 125! Have to respect my brothers笑
I finally found a place in Las Vegas that makes amazing pizza!!! Pizza is hands down my favorite food of all time and I have struggled to find a good pizza place since moving to Las Vegas almost two years ago. A friend recommended I try this new place that wasn't far from my place and he was so right! New Yorkers know how to make the perfect crust while maintaining the exact amount of cheese and toppings needed! I will be ordering here from now on!笑
When these guys promise you a great New York slice, they're not yanking your chain.  The wife and I are a couple of lifetime NYers, visiting Vegas for our first time.  We found Vinny's on sheer luck and his pizza is absolutely incredible.

We ordered the White Spinach Pizza.  It came out hot and fast.  And Vinny's crust defies logic.  It's the perfect thickness.  It's soft, yet very crispy.  It holds up to the toppings like a heavyweight champ in the 12th round.  The ricotta cheese was also A+ stuff.  To the point that I'm planning on finding time on our trip to order one of his Calzones.

Trust me when I say that this pizza is top of the mark anywhere in New York.  If we end up moving out here, I'll be calling in orders or driving in at least once a week,.

As for the people, the boss is a transplanted New Yorker, a retired fireman,  who's warm, witty, welcoming and shared some of his experiences about what to expect if we decided to move to the Vegas-area (we mentioned that we've been considering it,)

The general consensus is that what makes NY Pizza great is in our water.  Vinny's proves them all wrong.  He's got the magic.笑
The reviews are spot on!! I ordered using the yelp eats app. The order was delivered hot, fresh and on time. Price is great. Pizza even better. We ordered the Hawaiian with black olives and garlic knots. Ingredients taste fresh, haven't had a pizza like this since my last New York visit. I don't think there will be any leftovers for breakfast :) Vinny called us to let us know the order was just about ready, and he called again to let us know when the driver would be at the hotel. The driver got here exactly when he said he'd be here. If I'm ever back in Vegas, this will be on the list of places to eat!!!笑
This is the best pizza in town. I've had pizza from a lot of places here in Vegas, but this pizza reminds me of Italian Fiesta back home. I have this pizza once a month.笑
In my last review I said last chance for romance for Vinnie. Well I became a sucker again. 
Ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and mozzarella garlic bread for delivery to my office. Asked for extra extra parmesan and some red pepper flakes. Decided to call directly instead of place an order through grub hub or yelp because I figured it would be quicker. Get my order placed with the guy on the phone and he gives me a price, $21 and change including delivery fee and tax, no tip. I said "WHAAAAT". The numbers were not adding up to the prices on yelp, grub hub, or their website. Should have been around $17. He said "oh we raised our prices and haven't gotten around to changing them". Spaghetti with meat sauce from 9.99 to 11.99, 20%!!, Garlic Bread with Mozzarella from $3.49 to 3.79, Delivery Fee from $2.25 to $3.00. I said that's not good. You really should not advertise incorrect prices. Decided to place the order anyway as I was starving and did not want to go through the hassle of ordering somewhere else. Delivery arrives promptly and I am ready to dig in....
Open up the bag, pull out the spaghetti, pull out the salad, and pull out the bread. See salad dressing sitting in the bottom of the bag, that's it. No Parmesan, no red pepper flakes and no fricken' fork. Had no fork or anything else at my office so I was left eating my spaghetti with my fingers, sans parmesan, sans red pepper flakes. Food was good enough but the other missteps, (considering the missteps on my only other 2 orders) warrants a big fat ONE. 
Vinnie knows better than to change prices in store without changing advertised prices. I have no doubt this is a calculated bait and switch. Businesses that practice this should not be patronized.笑
On a Tuesday night at 6 PM, we ordered a pepperoni pizza and combo (zucchini, moz and shrimp)  app. We were told 1-1.5 hours and it arrived right before 2 hours. No one called our phone number to mention they were running late and when it finally did arrive to our complex, they had our front office call us instead of doing it themselves. Everything was cold and there was no cocktail sauce for the shrimp (which are fried, not cocktail shrimp, btw). 

After we reheated everything, tasted awesome. Fresh, yummy cheese and great breading on the apps. The zucchini are coins, not strips (yay!). Disappointed with timing and coldness due to the high reviews. Maybe we caught them on an off day.笑
This place rules. I love the pizza and it is the best pizza in town!! Villa pizza used to be my favorite but this place has em beat on taste and price!!! Getting some tonight!!!笑
I'm impressed!
Ordering on a Friday night anywhere is a hassle but we ordered online at 845pm and got our door at 915!!! Seriously faster than Pizza Hut across the street from my house. 
I had the double steak with everything and it was pretty darn good! I lived in Philly for 5 years and my husband is from there so we are die hard Jims and Pats people but this steak held its own! 
Hubby got the large fried shrimp and they were nicely fried (was there a hint of nutmeg in the batter) wish they were a little bigger but glad they weren't little (we buy U8's).
Kids had pizzas and they were awesome too!
I will be reordering from here AND going to dine in!
Great job!!!笑
The NY style pizza here was as good or better than any I've had in New York!  The Greek Salad was fresh and delicious.  Another place I'd like to re-visit before our vacation is over.  Two tables in the dining room, all other customers were picking up to-go orders and most were picking up items other than pizza.  Extensive menu. Really enjoyed visiting with Vinny.  Highly recommend!!笑
This is my favorite pizza place in all of Vegas! My bf and I only order from Payless Pizza. Their pizza is AMAZING and it's always cooked to perfection. I've tried their fried chicken, cheese steak sandwich, and pastas. The fried chicken is some of the best I've ever had, their cheese steak sandwich was also great. Lots of flavor! I wasn't a fan of their pastas but overall this place is solid. They are always on time with their delivery and you should definitely try this pizza place out! So good!笑
We took our crew of 11 here (6 kids, 5 adults). We were worried since there were only 2 tables inside and 1 outside. The owner was so accommodating to us. The food was delicious. We got garlic knots and cheese fries as appetizers. They were both delicious, but the knots were my favorite. We also ordered 3 types of pizza, a calzone and 2 types of pasta. Everything was delicious and the service was above and beyond for any food establishment.笑
Great pizza cooked to perfection. And don't even get me started on Vinny's specialty subs! I had the Main Street, sliced rib eye steak with sautéed onions and melted mozzarella. It was amazing, the only problem is that I should have ordered two. I will definitely be back!笑
Having a meal in this little hole in a wall is just like being in New York, only it's a lot quieter and cleaner.

The host Vinny was super cool and the food is amazing. My husband and I had lasagna and stuffed shells with some bomb sausages. 

We will definitely be back.笑
Great food, nice people, what else you need. Say hi to Vinny and ask for his garlic bread knots; they are awesome..笑
I've ordered from here several times. The food always arrives quickly, and it always arrives hot. Tonight the owner personally delivered my food and introduced himself. I thought that was pretty cool!笑
This is by far our new favorite pizza joint!! I swear you haven't had pizza like this one! Hot melted cheese with a flaky, crunchy bite!! The service was phenomenal and I'm really looking forward to coming back! Shout-out to Vinny, for making us addicts to his pizza! And you were right... No ranch needed!笑
First off, I ordered the pizza for delivery at 8:20 p.m.. The pizza and ribs special. Now granted, it was a Friday night but my order didn't arrive until 1 hour and 15 minutes later! In all honesty, I've never had a pizza delivery order take that long to deliver. NEVER! And I live less than a half a mile from the pizza parlor. To top it all off the pizza arrived lukewarm like it had sat for quite a while before it was delivered and it was extremely greasy. I haven't tried the ribs yet. Hopefully they won't disappoint. 2 stars for the flavor. Not bad. Probably won't order from there again unless I'm really hard up. Too bad. They probably loose a lot of customers because of their seemingly lack of customer service.笑
so good!  i have found my new pizza spot.  from one east coast to another, vinny...THANK YOU for bringing your recipe from ny to lv.  

everything i remember from back home - very impressive.  i will be back as we have pizza night once a week at our house and the family shares my enthusiam about the pizza as well.  

there is a lot to choose from on the menu.  prices are reasonable. service is personal.  we ordered 2 large 'pies' and yes, vinny knew exactly what i meant by 'pies.'

they also deliver, but stop in - they do individual slices as well.  forget bout it!  payless pizza is the place to get your pizza from, hands down!笑
Best pizza I've ever had, if your on a diet, not the place for you, everything is jam packed with flavor, I've had a lil bit of everything on the menu, u gonna get your feet wet might as well jump in the pool.  My IBEW LU 477 brother's love this place, and everyone else who's had it always comes back for more. Well see u tomorrow Vinny, hopefully get JD to try the ribs hahaha笑
Delivery was super fast, which made me very happy because I was starving. The food was nice and hot. My mushroom cheese steak was very cheesy and not soggy at all, which was great. And the cheesecake was really good.笑
Payless pizza was very good and delivered in a good timely matter! The prices are really good and would highly recommend eating there . We also definitely would eat there again when in Vegas! Thanks again for great Service!笑
Fabulous food as always. Just ordered meatball sub for lunch and it's to die for. No pre-made meatballs here. Made with a secret family recipe and they are amazing. All the food here is tremendous, not a bad item on the menu笑
Found the place on yelp and went there for a late lunch.

The people there are amazing. We got to chat quite a bit with Vinny while we were there.

We ordered the garlic knots, half and half of payless special and supreme vegetable pizza. They even swapped a couple of vegetable toppings for basil and jalapenos for us, upon request.

The garlic knots were the best we had. We ate the pizza before we could take a picture  ;)
 
We also tried their cannoli for dessert which was great too.

Would recommend this place to all good food lovers.

They have a couple of tables to dine-in, they seem to deliver as well. The place is very clean and food is made to order, no wonder the garlic knots tasted fantastic笑
Vinny treated us like family, we all went to eat dinner and he made accommodations for all 9 of us. Not only were they all very friendly and super nice but also the food was delicious and was plenty for all of us. First time there and we will definitely be back next time we are in town. We highly recommend the pizza, spaghetti,Antipasto and garlic bread. All the food was to die for! Thank you again Vinny for making us feel at home  see you soon!笑
Ordered off of the Eat24 app.

My order:
Large pizza half with just basil on it.
Other half with pepperoni and spinach on it. 

My pizza was decent. Nothing bad or great about it. 
Was delivered on time.
Wish I would have had some napkins because the pizza has a lot of grease in the middle.
I'd order this over Dominos any day.笑
We came in last 15 minutes to order a pizza and the Owner was very friendly and inviting. Engaged  in a great conversation. Pizza was thin, crispy and yummy!笑
This was the best Philly Cheese Steak sandwich I have ever had. Vinny & his staff have a great hidden treasure here. I would eat here everyday if I didn't worry about gaining 5 pounds. Great dinner. A+++笑
Amazing eggplant and balls! Gotta have the garlic knots!!! Holy cow we had 2 orders and still want more, no room but we will be back! Love you Vinny!!!笑
Amazing pizza. Amazing service. Vinny is fantastic. Highly recommend.笑
Great pizza! I was watching shark week with a friend who was local and decided to get pizza. So I yelped it and found these guys and gave it a shot. I was happily  surprised how good the pizza was. From the tasty sauce to the great toppings, perfect!笑
Vinny is a "cool" guy. Made us out of towners feel welcome and the food was excellent. Definitely will be coming back again. Drove from Lake Las Vegas while on vacation to visit and we were glad that we did.笑
Pizza is decent for the price. They have a cash-only pickup special of a 16" one topping for $9.99 ($13 or so if you pay with a card). I'm not sure if the guy I usually see is the owner or an employee but he seems decent. It mainly seems like a pick up or delivery spot with a very small sitting area of about 2-3 tables.笑
I have ordered delivery of the Double Cheesesteak subs and onion rings and 4 differed occasions.  The CS subs are large with lots of tasty beef, onions, peppers and cheese.  One of the better cheesesteak sandwiches in the area by far.  The handmade onion rings are crispy and delicious.  They are a perfect match to pair with the cheesesteak sub.  
    The delivery can be on the slow side 45 minutes to an hour.  But the food has always arrived hot and fresh.  The delivery staff are always friendly.  A nice treat brought to my house when I am too tired to go out and forge for myself.笑
This is a takeout pizza place. There are two tables inside and two tables outside. They do a lot of deliveries to Strip hotels. Vinnie is from NYC. This is my son's favorite pizza place. Good sauce, crisp crust with a slight chew. Bring cash to get the special rate for 16 inch one item pizza @$9.99.笑
We just ordered this place for work and not only did the owner personally deliver our food, but it looks amazing! Our order arrived about one minute before the exact time we wanted it, which was a weird time. The pizza looks so delicious and the wings smell good. I have eaten from this place before and I like it. I have had a few different items and all good. I really liked the garlic knots. They are small, but so tastey! The crust is good and it looks as if it was baked in a brick oven. We will definitely be back.笑
After getting follow up messages and calls from the owner/manager Vinny wanting to make my first experience right, I went ahead and took him up on it. He raved about trying out the sub sandwiches. We went ahead and tried another pizza (since well its a pizza place and the first one was horrible) and we also got a sub since he recommended it. 

Pizza: 100 times better than the first time. Was delivered warm and had a great amount of toppings. 

Sub: Was actually very good. Would probably stick with the subs if I were to ever order from here again. 

My only complaint is that when Vinny delivered the food he wanted to charge us. I have no problem paying for a pizza I want, but after that first time we would have never ordered from here again if it wasn't for Vinny insisting on making it up to us. So yes, I was very surprised that he told us the total. I mentioned that I thought this was on the house because of the first time and him reaching out all week. He agreed. He did take our $10 tip. 

I've had family in town the last few days and haven't had time to hop on yelp and update the first review. Thankfully Vinny has reminded me twice and the last time with a message informing me that I haven't followed up with my end of the deal. Insinuating that I was one of the people that are only in it for the free food. Which is funny since he wasn't' even offering us free food. 

Thanks for that message. You have just lost a customer. 

So for those who choose to eat here: I would recommend picking it up and sticking with the subs. 

Best of luck with Payless Pizza and Ribs Vinny.笑
I ordered the jumbo wings,  they called me and said they only had the small ones available....unfortunately, I accepted.  One thing I have to say is, Do not ever order the small wings. Literally had no meat on them. Hard and crunchy as hell. Dry and had no taste. Never ordering wings from this place again笑
Great pizza  reminds me of home New York  awesome food, great service, great pizza!!!! They get 5+ stars笑
Sorry was a little drunk at posting time.笑
I love this place! We ordered a Philly steak sandwich and was so good and big. The pizzas , calzone and wings are so good. We are definitely going back to try the pastas!!
 This is our new pizza spot!笑
First time visiT from SoCal . In LV for New Years must say I am very big on customer service! Amazing service , authentic, professional and personality is excellent from the staff to the owner ! The food is outstanding highly recommend to anyone visiting for some yummy Italian food笑
Our office tried Vinny's today for the first time. It will not be the last. What a great find. We ordered delivery and the food arrived quickly and most importantly hot. Everything was prepared very well and the ingredients tasted fresh. The Margherita pizza was delish and the philly cheese steak was super yummy. Everything had just the right amount of toppings. Prices were fair. This could become a favorite for lunch. So happy to have found you.笑
Ordered by phone for delivery. Delivery never came and was asked to come down and pick it up. Pizza wasn't even started. Was comped a salad but $20 and an hour and a half later for one pizza we're still sitting here waiting. Not fun after a long night. Hope it's worth it.笑
The delivery took 1 hr and 20 mins. When I called around 55 mins after I ordered, they said my order will be the next one to go out. No real apology but asked me if I wanted to cancel the order with a touch of attitude. And I would've if the pizza was just for me but my staffs were waiting hungry so I couldn't. The delivery guy wasn't at all "sorry" for being late at all. I thought that was rude but I felt bad bc he was an older gentleman so I still tipped and off he went. 

When we opened the pizza: large with pep and jalapenos, the pizza was literally submerged in oil! We had to use the whole stack of napkins to blot out the oil. The other pizza: large with mushroom and broc wasn't too bad but it wasn't too tasty. 

If this place was the only place for nearby pizza, I'd try again but thankfully I have other choices! And I'd order a week in advance just to make sure I get the food on-time! Another one and done...yuk!笑
In town on vacation. Felt like ordering a couple pizzas and front desk recommended we call Vinny. Was hands down THE BEST pies we have had in can't remember when. The Vinny's Special and Payless Special DELICIOUS! The garlic knots - little bites of yum!! Couldn't stop popping them in my mouth. If you are in Vegas and want some terrific pizza pie give Vinny a call - you will not be disappointed. Thank you Vinny!! We will see you next time we are in town.笑
I ordered here a couple of times now with the same menu I've been using today I ordered and the total came out way different then what normally cost.
I asked the person on the phone how you come up with that total he said grab a calculator.. LMAO I have a retail store no calculator needed when I ordered the same thing before. So he then started saying the prices at a $1 more on every item which I only wanted to items. I said the menu says something different he states that's it's old menu.. Lmao I just ordered there Saturday the same thing then he also added tax on delivery charge which should not be taxed they are cooks thank you笑
The lasagna, pizza, garlic bread and fries were all tasty. However, I find it annoying that I was charged 50 cents to use a credit card and 30 cents for an extra salad dressing. Really? Is that worth annoying a customer over?笑
Vinny, the owner, served us one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted. True New York style pizza and A terrific  owner. Check out Vinny's (real name) Payle $$ Pizza. You will be glad you did. Steve and family from Richmond Va.笑
5 stars to an amazing restaurant with an even more amazing owner! Came here based on Yelpers suggestions and was not disappointed. 

My friend and I shared an antipasto salad and 2 slices of pizza. I was so hungry I didn't get a picture of the pizza but the salad was as delicious as if was beautiful! 

The entire time we were there the owner was chatting with us and even taught me how to fold a pizza properly (The NY way) so when I go to NY later this year I don't look like a tourist. He was greeting every customer, joking with some regulars, and appreciating his staff. This place will not disappoint!笑
My buddy told me to pick up some ribs n a sausage pizza from this place so we'd have some grub for the hockey game. Let me tell ya when I got there to pick up the food I really wasn't expecting much from this little hole in the wall place in the back of magoos parking lot but the damn food was awesome , the ribs were tender and super tasty sauce!!! And the pizza was loaded with big chunks of tasty sausage with just a little bite to them. Definitely would recommend giving this place a shot, you won't be disappointed, I wasn't and I'm a picky 
bastard.笑
These guys are the real deal!  Best pizza I've had in Vegas.  The owner, Vinny, is a great guy and spends time getting to know you if he doesn't know you already.  Super friendly and cares about the quality of the product. 

Crust is thin, cheese is perfect, and napkins are required.  Check this place out - you'll make it a regular stop.  I'll be back for sure!笑
Well love this place it's nice to call and they no my order and get it Wright each time great customer service very friendly and good price  pizza  and great taste we have several locations around me that serve pizza and by far this is the best in the area same works same cook and it's nice To see the same faces笑
After reading numerous reviews I opted to order delivery. I placed an order for a specialty pizza and buffalo wings. Delivery was quick and efficient. Upon opening the box the pizza looked beyond unappetizing. The crust was extremely thin, so much so that it was soggy. The cheese and other topping slid right off due to the over saturated soggy dough. There was a puddle of liquid under the pizza. Should have gone with Digiorno.笑
The worst service I've ever got from a pizza place , over an hour and a half till they came. The pizza is burnt and there is almost no cheese. For 20.00$ you expect to get much much more from the service and the pizza. Will never order from them again!笑
I'm no way shape or form am I happy with the service here!!

We decided to order pizza and watch the all star game in our suite. Looked online and this place had the most stars so we went with it. Initially ordered our pizza (which was only 2 pizzas not like we ordered 50) for 630.. got an email update that they were delayed till 645. That's fine.. no big deal. 

It's now 7:07 and I just got a call saying he would leave in 5 minutes however our pizza wouldn't be here for about another 20 because there's another delivery before us.... meaning our pizza that was meant to be for 630 is now maybe getting here around 730... and hour late!? Come on!!! 

believe me if I paid with cash I would say forget it and not even bother going downstairs to pick it up. Unfortunately I paid with my credit card and they get paid regardless.

Let's just say I refuse to order from here again. And if you're thinking she probably won't come to Vegas again, no. I'm here several times a year. 

Worst place to order delivery from!! Never again笑
I've had Chicago's deep dish, Grimaldi's coal fire, but I've never had a pizza like this before. If you love pizza, don't underestimate this place and just come by for a taste. From the down to earth owner Vinny to the pizza itself, this is a great place to eat some delicious pizza. Additionally for the price it can't be beat.! I wish I had one of them near where I live笑
My friends I'm from NYC Brooklyn originally.
My expectations were high after meeting and getting to know Vinny because he is a very hard nosed old school Brooklyn food man, who is not afraid to tell you to wait because his food is made fresh and right and that takes time.
Pizza is served well done with the right synthesis of quality traditional ingredients.
I have had his wings served well done with a delicious house Ranch and hot sauce! Excellent flavor's.
My favorite item is Vinnys Philly Cheesesteak with Mushrooms & Peppers melted over with Mozzarella !
The meat was delicious and there was about 3/4 of a pound of it. 
If you know good food Vinny will take care of you. He's a real New Yorker that cares about you and what you think 

Just for the record I went back for more every time I go it gets stronger!
Chicken Parm with roasted peppers extra -sauce delicious . The bread is warm slightly crunchy . Any time you feel like authentic New York Italian food Vinnys Is a whole in the wall that will keep you craving his rich flavorful classics!
Served up fresh to order by a real New Yorker and his excellent staff!笑
Come one come all! If you like New York style pizza, this is your place! I came here on a whim, and let me tell you, the pizza here is one of a kind. Not to mention the friendly environment the staff brings. I'm slowly working my way down the menu list and I have yet to be disappointed. I had the pizza today the cold sub the other day, and next is the ribs. Yes I said ribs! This guy will definitely keep you posted on this one of a kind hole in the wall pizza spot that everyone must know about.笑
Very nice NY style pizza. Nice and greasy. Wings are amazing, very crispy but not dry. Fingers were a bit of a let down. Too much oil! I had to get some paper towels to help soak up all the oil. Customer service is good. The guy behind the counter will even help you walk your order to the car.笑
Tl;dr - amazing food and lunch experience. Vinny is the best. 

Long story: We looked up a local place for lunch on our trip and found this place. Checked it out because of the high reviews. Turns out everyone was right! The pizza was super delicious and we had the pleasure of meeting Vinny (the owner). He was very friendly and the service was awesome. We even got a "how to fold a pizza like a New Yorker and not like a noob" lesson. 

Would highly recommend the place! We got the garlic knots (omg, fork/knife emoji), pesto pizza (very tasty), and the Vinny's Special pizza (yum!). Eating the leftovers right now as we type and they are still appealing! Looking forward to returning again either before this trip is over or when we return in the future!

Also - we got on the wall! Haha! Yay!笑
That was some good pizza!!! Vinny by far has given me the best pizza in Las Vegas!!! We ordered #3 and 2 sausage and pep pizzas. Well I have to say the sausage was really good also. All and all the reviews are correct, this is the place to be....loved the pizza......笑
Placed an order for delivery. The guy said 45 to 1 hour. I called after an hour to see where my good was. He tells me they are still working on it. No apologies or nothing.  Bad customer service. I won't be ordering from here again.笑
I rarely do reviews anymore but Vinny asked me to do one so here it is.

Immediately walking in I get greeted by the owner, Vinny. Super friendly and confident about his food. I redeemed a free slice and he had it ready fast so I can eat it while I waited for my order of a 16" sausage pizza (9.99) 12 plain wings, sauce on the side (10.99) an order of fries (1.99) and an order of garlic bread with melted cheese (2.59). 

I got my order pretty fast. Took it home and everything was nice and fresh and tasted great.  
 
Why 4 stars? 

12 wings for 10.99 sounds kinda steep.  They ended up being tiny little wings. And the mild sauce was kinda weird tasting. I guess I was expecting buffalo. Don't know if I'll be coming back yet.笑
I'm an occasional visitor to LV, and not usually staying near here ( west side of town). Usually in one of the big hotels. Anyway, we looked at Yelp for something nearby and saw this restaurant. I thought NY style pizza (and ribs) and 4.5 to 5 stars- I'll try it! When we arrived, I looked at the small restaurant and thought "is this the right place?"  Anyway we tried it and I am soooo glad we did - awesome pizza and great ribs! We had the meat lovers pizza which is incredible! The ribs are fall off the bone tender with a great homemade sauce. Vinny the owner, makes the place a hoot to visit. He goes out of his way to make you feel like family and he's got a great little restaurant with awesome food. You can tell he takes great pride in his business and cooking! I definitely will come back.笑
We left the strip to come see this place. The BEST decision hands down!! Vinny the owner took our order. Awesome guy hails from Brooklyn! A guy came in for a slice but Vinny told him he was sold out. This guy turned out to be a NY Native and Vinny tells him hold on...
Brings out a fresh slice and then serves the wife and I a slice too. 
Not only did we get that Authentic NY style pizza and grub..I felt like I was back in Philly ordering some pies again, but in Vegas!! 
This spot is OUTFKNSTANDING!笑
Customer Service is at an all time low at this place, they could care less about their customers! If you have to call and place an order..... good luck the guy on the phone can't be bothered and will basically tell you he has no time.

So order arrived over an hour later, order was wrong and the guy confirmed on the phone that he got it. I actually called him back to make sure. I ordered fried chicken and it as nothing but fat and skin.笑
We found this little hole in the wall on yelp and I'm glad to say that yelp came through yet again!

The building itself is really cozy, with just two tables. That means most of the room is filled with Vinny's awesome personality! He noticed right away that we were newcomers and tourists (I guess I clearly don't look like a New Yorker), yet he was very polite and welcoming, running through the menu for us. They have everything from pastas to wings to ribs and of course, pizza!

We ordered a large (16") #3 - the Payless special pizza. The pie had sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and bell peppers! It was cut into 8 slices and each one was so full of flavor, and the cheese was really gooey without sliding off the pizza like some other places.

Vinny had given us a warning that the pizza is going to be pretty greasy -- just like the way it is in New York! It actually wasn't as greasy as I thought it would be, no pool of grease on the plate or anything. Vinny even went as far as to bring out another slice of pizza to show us how to fold a slice the way they do it in New York!

We also got an order of ribs and hot wings. The ribs were so amazingly tender and you can really see why they've won multiple awards in BBQ states like Tennesse. The barbeque sauce he makes in house is also the perfect combo of sweet, salty, and smoky! I don't know if ribs are a big thing in Italy, but Vinny has definitely mastered the craft and it's awesome.

The chicken wings are perfectly fried to the point where the skin is crispy but the inside is hot and tender and just fall off the bone. The sauce doesn't really have any heat, next time I'd probably just get BBQ so I can have more of that sauce!

We don't eat a lot of pizza in general, but if all pizzas were like this, I would definitely eat a lot more. Not only is the food great, but Vinny has an awesome personality and makes dining here a great time!笑
The man I ordered from over the phone was rather short with me and kind of un-friendly. Called back to give them the address because I was staying in a hotel and wasn't sure of it the first time I called. The second man I spoke to was very nice and for the short time I talked to him made a few jokes. Food arrival was on time as expected and the delivery guy was really nice. I irdered a jalapeno pizza, small house salad and mozzeralla sticks. The food was good, no complaints there. The sauce they give you for the mozzarella sticks is awesome and the portions are decently sized.笑
Absolutely great pizza.Stopped in for lunch.Had the two slice special,pepperomi and a soda.Slices are huge completely covered with pepperoni
Will stop in once a week for I am in the area same time every week.笑
--- Update to reply to Vin K (Business Owner), for the benefit of other Yelpers who are reading this review, so you get the full story:

Let me call out the statement of "There's nowhere to park".

This was the Juhl apartment building in downtown where there is street parking surrounding the entire block of the apartment. If your driver can supposedly park and go to the front desk, he can park on the 3rd street, the street I had instructed you to go to, where there were plenty of empty spaces, and meet me at my apartment street door on the ground floor that faces that 3rd street.

I've been getting food delivery 3-4 times a week for the past 2 years that I lived at the Juhl, no other pizza store, or any of the other dozens of restaurants that I've had deliveries from, has _ever_ asked me to go to the front desk to pick up my delivery. So yeah, you deserve less than 1 star.

As for "it's against our policy to deliver down there", if this were true, you wouldn't have called to try to negotiate to have your driver meet me at the front desk. You would have called to tell me that you don't actually deliver downtown.

---- Original review:
For a $6 delivery fee, you would think they will bring it to your apartment door, but nope, they insist on you going to the front desk (which is on the other side of a very large apartment building) to pick up your pizza.

Even after telling them my apartment is on the ground floor and accessible directly from the street, where there is parking (I can see empty spaces from my window as I type this review), they didn't want to come to my door.

In summary: Don't order delivery if you live in an apartment building.笑
We dropped by last night and we're lucky to meet Vinny.  He's a great guy.  Very friendly and helpful and full of helpful suggestions.  We started with zucchini rounds and garlic...Absolutely delicious.   We cleaned the plate.  Next NY style pizza.  Yummy.   I am a fan of Hawaiian style but often disappointed because many places go sparingly on pineapple.   Their version had the perfect ratio of ham and pineapple.   Vinny checked back often to ensure all was well.   We are only visiting a week but are heading back on Thursday to sample his lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs.   Highly recommend!笑
This is a little hole in the wall is very special
We met Vinny the owner who hails from NYC with the Italian character funny and passionate about his food
This by far the best pizza place as close to italian flavors with a great flour it creates a great crust. The ingredients are fresh and you can taste the clean flavors on it. We order the pastrami subs that was awesome, had a margaritas pizza and one more for pick up tonight.

My new place for pizza and all italian food. You can taste his passion and love for what he do.

Like they said in NYC it's unforgettable!笑
The girlfriend and I found this place on yelp, and god damn this place was f-being amazing! 
I think we've found our newest pizza go to spot haha.

The prices are ridiculously low and it's a fairly big size! 
They told me since I haven't been to New York, then after eating this you will have! He's absolutely right, that pizza was so amazing, and the grease was the best part! It added so much more flavor to every bite! 

We loved this place and can't wait to go back again for pizza night! 

10/10 would recommend 
A 1 man笑
Omg! Please change your business name!!! Name it BEST PIZZA IN SIN CITY! Seriously don't let the name fool you! I'm from Brooklyn and it's really hard to find a good pizza other then NY. Saturday for the first timeI decided to order pizza from Payless Pizza for lunch for me and two others from Long Island NY. They loved it and so did I! BEST PIZZA AND BEST PRICE in town!笑
Food and service was awesome!!! Loved the cheese steak and Pizza. Going to place an order for some more this evening.. Very pleased :)笑
No joke, best NY style pizza the city of Las Vegas has to offer! Freshest ingredients, great service and a welcome attitude. Trust me on this; Vinny is the best.笑
I order from them often off Eat24. They are always quick, and the food arrives hot and is always good. The one time they forgot a part of my order they sent it out to me immediately. This was once out of over a dozen orders. Driver is very service oriented and for the price and the service you can't beat it.笑
Wow great food and super friendly staff. The owner was there and made us feel welcome . I will be going back and I will be recommending this to people.笑
Awesome pie and garlic knots (and I mean real garlic).  Delivery was prompt and food pipping hot!  This ain't your cousin's artisanal pizza - this is real honest pizza.  Delicious sauce and crust.笑
Easily the best pizza in Vegas. Ordered pizza multiple times for pickup at the store, always done on time and taste consistent. Probably won't be getting pizza anywhere else in vegas ever again.笑
I am a frequent visitor to Las Vegas, I must say that this is the best pizza and garlic bread that I have had both at home and Vegas. I requested delivery to my hotel room. I had to meet the delivery driver at valet but for a $2 delivery charge and the quality of the food this is a must eat.笑
Buffalo pizza, double cheeseburger, cheesesteak ordered 

First I'll start on the negative which was the cheesesteak it was plain steak needs some flavor and another negative is 0.75 for ranch which is a small cup kinda a lot for a small side of ranch 

Now the good burger and pizza were good with flavor and only reason they're getting a four star and not three is the delivery guy he sold a pizza that was already bought笑
I'll just enjoyed a Stromboli with the works...the  crust was fantastic & the ingredients were plentiful plus the side of Mariana sauce was incredible!  Authentic pizza from the Tri-State State area! Simply the best in Las Vegas...thanks Vinnie!笑
A pretty solid hole in the wall pizza place. I've tried their pepperoni and meatball slices and can say with certainty that it is delicious. Their ranch is also pretty top  notch. A note, their pizza is a little on the greasy side, which gives it that deliciousness that makes me want to keep coming back.笑
This place is fantastic!!! The food is amazing, always comes out steaming hot and fresh, and the taste is always spot on! Vinnys a great guy and is always there to help me out and make it an authentic experience.

If you want some really delicious food and excellent service, THIS IS THE PLACE!!笑
Great food but slow delivery. Took 2 hours from the time we ordered. Told 45 minutes. We called 2x before got order. Kids and hubby loved pizza. I enjoyed gyro. We all enjoyed the fries that came with gyro. Wings were pretty good.笑
We LOVE this place.....and order from them often.....their menu has such a huge variety of food that it pleases everyone's different cravings all at once....

i usually only order from them through eat24....so ive never dealt with their customer service over the phone but our delivery guy is awesome and is usually him every time4....hes super sweet....

the food is always fresh and delivered on time....we will for sure eat here alot in the future笑
The owner, Vinny, treats you as if you're a guest in his home. The hospitality is unlike anything one would experience at a chain restaurant. The food is excellent. I highly recommend the cheese cake and if you're a vegetarian, the vegetarian pizza. The prices are decent and did I already mention how excellent the food is? I can't emphasize that enough!笑
This is, without a doubt, the best pizza that we have had in Vegas! We also had the garlic knots and they were amazing! We moved here from CA a couple of years ago and have been trying to find a go-to pizza place and it looks like we finally found it. Vinny is a really awesome guy and definitely knows what he is doing with all of the delicious menu items. Prices are great and they deliver!笑
Awesome pizza and ribs (full and baby back)!  Philly steak is loaded and delivery is fast!  Great value too!  Buckets of wings and great party specials.  Delicious food and low prices...can't beat that!  My new go to joint!笑
I see people have complaints but I was really happy with their service. My food was delivered fast and tasty. I got the cheesesteak and my friend got the ribs and they were sooo good.笑
My family and I were in town on vacation and decided on an Italian dinner.  We didn't realize this was mainly a carry out joint. Turns out we preferred to take back to our condo anyway.  My 18 yr old daughter and my husband ordered the Chicken Cordon Blue on rigatoni noodles with Alfredo sauce.  These meals were mega size for the price. One serving could easily feed two adults.  Both of them enjoyed their meals but were stuffed to the gils and couldn't finish (the Chicken was HUGE). My other 18 year old is a spaghetti marinara fanatic.  She said it was the best she's had and managed to finish the entire serving......probably because she hadn't eaten all day.  I had the lasagna and it was also good.  Not sure what they put in their meat sauce but is was very tasty.  Again, the serving was massive and I couldn't finish.  

We feel like we just finished last in the food Olympics!  So stuffed!  Thanks for a meal to remember Vinny!笑
Great pizza and great service. Vinny and his pizza are both classic New York. Great prices too. Definitely gonna be my go to spot for pizza笑
This was great pizza and Vinnie  is almost like family now, since he got our photo on his wall:-)笑
I like this place every time I come here the food it's amazing!! The service it's great! And it's very clean!! The owner it's very friendly!! If somebody it's looking for good pizza this is the one!!! Good job guys thank you!笑
I'm really sad to write this post. I love Payless. Really, truly. Their sandwiches, pizza, salads, and appetizers are delicious! I've ordered from here many times but these two incidents were just careless that I just can't trust it won't happen again. 

First, I had my parents and grandparents come in from California at my house for my college graduation. We ordered two pizzas. When the pizzas arrived, all of the cheese and toppings had completely slid off. When we called and told them what happened the delivery driver told her boss that she got cut off and the pizzas slid off the seat. Instead of checking on the pizzas after the incident and letting us or her boss know the pizzas weren't in good shape, she still delivered them. All that was left was crust and the cheese was destroyed. It was just careless. I only live 3 blocks from the restaurant so for this to happen in 3 blocks makes me think she was also an erratic driver. 

Second, I ordered a salad on the menu but wanted to make two modifications to my order which weren't drastic or difficult to understand. The guy who answered kept trying to say I wanted a different one when I was very clear in what I wanted. He seemed flustered and short-tempered. It seemed he finally understood what I wanted. Except that wasn't the case. When the food was delivered, I got the exact opposite of what I ordered. I brought it to the manager's attention upon calling. I work in the service industry and I get it things happen but someone who doesn't listen well, understand English very well, or take direction well should not be answering phones and taking orders.笑
One of the best pizza i have ever had. We took the payless special pizza, everything was so fresh! Big Like :)笑
After reading the reviews thought I'd try this pizza place as we were tired from the long day we spent in Vegas! Let me start by stating I have eaten at Mesa Grill, Olives, Michael Mina, Bur Bar, Gordon Ramsay BurGR and Aureole! I was looking forward to just having some good pizza! Reviews were good.  We did order delivery but our hotel was only 11mins away from the store. I wasn't going to take a cab to pickup my order.  Well after 1 1/2hrs later I called and was informed that the person was glad I called and confirmed my call back number.  He called and said he'd call back once his driver was leaving...he called and I waited in the vallet for 20 minutes.  So delivery took over 2 hours after I placed my order...grrrrr!  So we ordered the 18" the payless pizza supreme and garlic knots.  Well the pizza was lukewarm but the flavor was good and crust was thin but was soggy from sitting too long before being delivered! The garlic knots, I'm not sure what the rave was about these things as they just seemed to be pieces of dough in butter not much flavor!  All and all not sure if this is a good delivery option while you're in Vegas at all!!  Maybe for pick up it would have been better.  I expected more for $35.75 US dollars by the way for pizza.笑
So, I call to place an order. Man on the other end (I could barely understand him) was extremely rude. Told me to "Hurry Up"! For this you can thank him as I will never call to order from here again! I called back & he answered, I said "Get Me the Manager & Hurry Up" How surprising that they were not there.笑
Fantastic New York pizza! Great taste very authentic. Never disappoints, can't stop coming back. Do yourself a favor and travel off the strip to have a pie!笑
Great service, food was excellent and delivered fast and still freshly warm out of the oven.笑
Cheesy Greasy Crispy Delicious Calzone.  Enjoyed the banter and good food very much.  Great place to eat.笑
I love to stop by on my way home from the Strip to Summerlin South. Always nice to have a small talk with the owner and of course I love the PIZZA! Just great!!!笑
Was a little apprehensive about the location but glad we stuck around. Very friendly and helpful staff but the pizza was the best part.  Got the pepperoni with onions and it was great. The thin crust was perfect. We were encouraged to eat in because it is best out of the oven and they were right. I would definitely go back!  If you want to avoid bland franchise pizza, this is the place!笑
We got into town and were hungry. We looked up pizza on Yelp reviews and found Payless pizza with good reviews. After we saw the variety and pictures we decided to go with cheesesteak sandwiches (with onion, mushroom and bell pepper), salad and garlic knots. My brother-in-law came along and they ordered a large meat pizza. Vinny (the owner) and the guys working tonight we're very friendly and helpful. We got back to our timeshare and everyone started eating- the food was very warm/hot and fabulous! There was complete silence, other than a few "mmm's" for a few minutes. I would highly recommend food from here. They have a few tables you could eat at, a mini mart just around the side of the building for adult beverages...and did I mention the food was still piping hot when we got back to our place?
We went back for pizza three nights later, this time we ordered the Payless Special and a cheese pizza for the kids. Both pizzas were scrumptious and my son, who normally just eats cheese had some of the Payless Special, said it was so yummy he wanted seconds! 
Everything we've had from Vinny's Payless Pizza has been fabulous! Highly recommend!笑
this was our first time at Payless pizza number two The pizza and the service were excellent the pizza had a nice crust and the sausage was delicious the guy that works there named Vinny gave us excellent service even let us tasted garlic knots that they make that out of this world I would recommend this pizza to everyone they're open 10 AM to 10 PM stop by this evening and say hi and have a pizza pie笑
Ordered a burger and fries this time... super delicious! ! This is a hidden Diamond in Vegas!! Worth the money and drive here (7 min away from work). Ha. Do check them out. So far everything I've had has been super delicious and good!! The owner is super nice and friendly too!!笑
I ordered tonight at 7:30 on ubereats, then at 8:10 it text me back and said it can not complete the order. it already sent me a mwssage the order will be at my doorstep at 8:05笑
I really enjoyed the pizza it was cooked perfectly also the wings were very good also. When I ordered they told me  how long it would be and it was ready for me and still hot.I finally found my place for pizza.笑
This is by far the best food I've had since leaving by 18 years ago. I have had it delivered three times and each time all was delicious. The soups are my favorite , minestrone and pasta fagoli. The garlic knots smelled delicious from the moment they came into the house and were delicious! Had the eggplant/ricotta pizza. And ham calzone both out of this world good. I don't know how I found this place but what a great find. Vinny,  the owner is a very nice guy who happens to come from next town over on Long Island . He even delivered my last order! Food is fresh which I have to have , hate when restaurants want to pass off food they should throw away. Defiantly order from here. Real Italian food ! Like what my mother would make笑
I'm From Hawaii, been looking at Payless Pizza #2 and Ribs for a few months prior to my trip, my expectations were so so - but they had a few menu items that caught my eye, decided to check out this place, its really small 2 tables a 4 seater and 2 seater.
We enter and this guy comes out and says,"Wadda you want pizza or what???" it was the owner Vinny, classic New York attitude made us feel right at home, Pops ordered the roast chicken - best he ever had, Cuz had some fried chicken he said this stuff is great both of them together the fries is BOMB, Ribs were delish, and when the Buffalo Chicken Pizza arrived - took several bites let it sink in - Then I heard the ANGELS sing"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH" DANG this is the best slices i've ever ate, thin light crispy and chewy not at all greasy, OMG the wing sauce, flavors were off the chain, 2 Dr. Peppers later, I was in heaven. VINNY you ruined me for life, my go to, was pizza hut new yorker, that was a happy moment in my life...
The food is great but the dine in experience makes it epic... 
See you real soon, ALOHA!!!笑
Excellent customer service. Great pizza! Great specials! First time trying this pizza was tonight and it was delicious. The boyfriend and I will definitely be back!笑
The pizza is perfect! If you are picking up, do yourself a favor and sit down real quick and enjoy just one slice there while it's super fresh. Fried chicken & cheesecake are also amazing. Vinny is great, so glad I found this place! 

Getting something there for my 3rd day in a row!

Updated: Ribs are bomb too!笑
We ordered 2 pies: sausage and pepperoni, and a sausage, green pepper and onion. There was almost no sauce on the pies, the onions and peppers were diced into little pieces, not sliced. Something about the taste of each pie just seemed off. Now we have two half eaten pizzas no one wants to finish.

We also ordered a cheesesteak with onions only to have it arrive with no onions. The Greek salad had very bland tasting Feta

Needless to say we tossed the flier

Not sure why it's called Payless, we payed almost $60 for 2 large pies, 1 cheesesteak and 1 Greek Salad笑
I've waited over a week to leave this review because I couldn't even stomach looking at the name of this place. Last week I ordered two pizza's delivered and less than 24 hours later all three people that live in my home and ate the pizza were ungodley sick with FOOD POISONING! It was the only thing that we all ate in common. When the pizza arrived it looked BAD! I felt embarrassed to serve it to my roommates but we were all so hungry we ate it anyway. Worst mistake ever! We all missed out on 3 days of work because of this place. If I could give Payless pizza ZERO stars I would. I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.笑
Really loved this pizza, we got the "Payless Special" and it was delicious. We also got the antipasti salad which was good too, lettuce and all other ingredients were fresh. We picked up our pizza and we spoke to the owner "Vinny" who was so nice and friendly, he had me at hello, Lol! I was walking away with our pizza hoping I was going to like it since nice service draws me in but if the pizza wasn't good, I was not coming back but it was delicious and me and my husband loved it and I highly recommend it, you won't be disappointed.笑
Terrible customer service! Been here over half a dozen times and the owner always asks "you been here before?" Never once had a problem until now. After I thank him for the food, he yells thank you as I walk towards the door and yells "and don't come back in here" while my back was turned. I don't know what your problem is Vinny, but you just lost some business and have the balls to say it to someone's face next time.笑
Solid New York-style pizza a VERY long way from New York, and at a fair price ($6 for two slices and a Coke)笑
Very fast and friendly service! 
Great pizza at a great piece! 
2 slices and a drink for $6
Definitely making this a regular lunch spot!笑
Wow super great pizza and wings! So glad we drove by and decided to stop. Very fresh and reasonably priced. Next time we're in Vegas we'll be hitting this place up!!笑
I go here at least once a week for great real NY style Pizza and subs!! Friendly staff!! Definitely check this place out!!笑
Just west of Decatur on Tropicana sits this little hidden gem of a pizza place. Per usual, I scoped out a place on Yelp and when saw the reviews I knew that's where I was spending lunch. 

The reviews weren't wrong. Recently reviewed as a best of Vegas in the LVRJ this place didn't disappoint. The service was friendly, quick, and helpful. The garlic knots were great. We went with pepperoni and meat lovers and would order both again. They were visibly appealing and delicious! A perfect combination in a pizza place. 

I would definitely come back here and eat again. Let's hope they add a section so that people can eat inside so that more people traveling by can enjoy.笑
Pizza was really good freshly made... My co worker brought me here it's a very small place like 2 Tables to dine in... It's a family owned place which makes it more personal... The price is good for sure I'll be back! Customer service is also great I think the guy was the owner!笑
Their food use to be good as well as their customer service, however with the last year or two everything has gone down hill. They don't get orders right and when you call they keep you on hold for ever, that's if they don't hang up on you first.
I've tried to order from them a few times at least 3pmins to 45 mins before closing and they always say that they are not delivering anymore to night because they want to close. HELLO YOUR HOURS ARE THERE FOR A REASON! If they can't please or even take care of the customers during normal business hours makes me wonder what they do all day. Oh and by the way it's not like I live 30 mins away either, I live maybe 5 mins.
I don't if it's new managers or just shitty employees that don't care about getting business.笑
I ordered the baby back ribs and not only were they extremely hot and fresh, they were sooo good!! Sooo much flavor!! I also tried the fried chicken and the potato salad. The chicken was a tiny bit on the dry side, but edible, lol. No, really, it wasn't bad. The potato salad was good, but nothing special than what comes out of the grocery store. I will be ordering from them again.
THEE BEST RIBS IN LAS VEGAS!!笑
Vinny's Payless is a place that I enjoy my personal time eating some of the greatest pizza ever made. I haven't been able to try everything there but I try something new everytime. The food is just too good to pass up. Now I know what these people mean by 5 stars.笑
We order from here at least twice a month. The service is always friendly and the food is great! My favorite is the classic hand tossed new York style pepperoni pizza and the sausage and peppers dish. The food is always on time, if not earlier and they even send plates and napkins.笑
Diamond in the ruff. 

They have good affordable food. And they deliver to my nearby office for a nominal fee.笑
OMG..... I will definitely be back!!!!!   I had the pepperoni pizza.  The crust was perfect.  The sauce and cheese was delicious.   

Then, I had the garlic knots.  They were fantastic.  They were bite size and the garlic oil sauce was out of this world.  

Finally, I had what the Yelpers were talking about - The Double Cheesesteak.  Wow!!!!!    Everything about it was delicious - The roll, the meat, the mushrooms, the onions, the cheese.  

If you don't try this place, you are crazy.......

See the pictures.  :)笑
The chicken wings and philly cheese steak were awesome!!! Timely delivery as well! A little pricy but worth it!笑
Check this out !
Vinny is really big on Yelp reviews and I thought he definitely deserves one for this. I recently moved to Vegas 7 months ago and this has been my pizza place since. The menus variety is great if your not just wanting pizza even though his pizza is the best! Anyways I'm writing this review now because I got locked out of my car right in from the Payless Pizza when I was picking up an order(Double Bacon Cheeseburger). I also got lucky because there was a mess up in a order and he gave me a whole pizza for 5 bucks,  and I told Vinny about me getting locked out and he decided to come out and help me even though he had customers in and orders to make. We were out there for like an hour trying to get in when we just finally called a Locksmith. So while I waited I sat and ate my burger and fries! Overall more of the story great place , great people, great food ! Check them out !笑
So we're driving down the road and see this place after checking in with Yelp.   It's a small place hidden in a small strip mall and the owner sees us checking it out.  He coaxed us into the place and cooked us two pizzas.   They were fantastic.  He made a special effort to ensure we were completely satisfied.  Great place, great food and one very friendly owner.笑
the most amazing pizza crust hands down! the pizza itself is so delicious and not overly greasy like most other shops! we also had they're chicken tenders with fries and they were great. fresh crunchy yet soft fires and they best part is the tenders weren't soggy with the sauce. Ginny the owner was very attentive and followed up with is often even though he was very busy! we will definitely be ordering again and again!笑
The bbq sandwhich we had the other day was cool, the fries were fresh and t g e food was hot still, the ranch is bomb too笑
What an amazing gem, I was commiserating with another former East Coaster about missing Philly cheesesteaks and she told me this was the place to go.  As always I took her suggestion thinking it will be okay but not what I am used to. Wrong, happily this is the absolute best Philly I have had since moving out here.  The service was amazing, very small place but busy as can be.  I look forward to going back for pizza and grinders soon.笑
I must really love this place because I've been here twice in 5 days ! I came in today & got the honor of meeting Vinny (The Manager) he's such an awesome guy & gave me another great deal on a pizza ! I already have a pizza obsession & I'm glad Payless Pizza has the goods to feed my addiction.笑
My mother and I went in here about a month ago, and the boss was very rude to us. He stated I needed to rate him on traveler and my mom was going to give him a well Yelp review but acted very rude and said no. I will never recommend this place to anyone, just like when I asked for ranch he said a rude comment. Very poor costumer service.笑
I've ordered delivery and I have been to their location on Tropicana as well. Excellent pizza, Stromboli, ribs and wings! The owner, Vinnie, is friendly and you can tell he cares about his customers. I will return again and again!笑
This place used to not be so great, but has changed drastically these past 4 months,  the new owner has replaced the staff with a much more friendly and helpful group of people sure to put a smile on your face. The new owner also makes sure that everything is neat and clean. The customer service is great and the food is freshly cooked to order and delivered in quickly. At first I thought they were affiliated with Payless pizza off Decatur and ulta but I quickly realized that Payless pizza #2 and ribs is run much differently笑
Order pizza and burgers Here all the time i have NEVER had anything but the best experience here i love the gyros here the cucumber sauce is the best the ranch is one the best too the atmosphere of the place is nice small total hole in the wall in the best way possible the owner and his staff are awesome people who know what there doing definitely my favorite food spot in the neighborhood笑
Another great meal from a great place. Tonight we both decided to try something different this time. We ordered delivery and it took a little under an hour during the dinner rush on a Friday night. 
The food arrived piping hot. I tried the Turkey,  bacon ranch sub. This was a generous sized sub. The roll was crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the outside. The bacon was cooked nice and crisp and it had a good amount of veggies on it ( I happen to love a lot of veggies on my subs).
My husband had the double cheese burger and was very happy. Again the bun was fresh and he mentioned several time while eating it how juicy it was. We split an order of fries,  and I don't know how they do it but they are the only place that manages to deliver crispy hit fries. ..笑
So great dealing on the phone for my party order and having assistance in how much food to order and recommendations (portions are big). Everyone loved the food and raved they are the best ribs ever. I don't eat ribs but they smelled so amazing and they fell right off the bone. I was completely happy and satisfied with the service from start to end!! Highly recommend笑
I love this place! Best pizza in town! Reminds me of ny! Friendly staff and awesome prices! Always my first choice!笑
Drove all the way from the far west side of Spring Valley.   We love eating the food here because of the love that's baked in.   It's a popular local place and they have the best menu.  Try anything and you won't regret it.  I've had their meatball sandwiches, Buffalo chicken pizza, double Philly Cheesesteak, and fresh perfectly sweetened Cannolis.

We had a regular order double Philly Cheesesteak with onions, mushrooms and peppers.  A large pepperoni pizza and I regret not getting some Cannolis. Next time.  He accepts debit/credit but you're better off paying cash.笑
My boyfriend and I were not expecting to find such a great hole in the wall near our hotel in S. Las Vegas. The pizza was served to us hot and deliciously crispy, and we very much enjoyed meeting and chatting with Vinny, the owner. Will definitely come back again on our next trip out in October!笑
When I called to ask for an update i was first told they did not ahve my order. After talking to the guy for another 2 minutes he found it and told me it was on its way. i ordered meat delight and chicken fingers. toppings were cheap quality chicken fingers after 1 i could not eat anymore and i love chicken fingers.笑
Ordered 2 cheese pizzas on Sunday.  Great, as usual.  I don't use their delivery since I am close by.  Vinny and crew doing a good job.  Love that crust!笑
Me and my boyfriend always come and get the same thing all the time, a pepperoni pizza(because its so good) but today we wanted to try something new. I got a hamburger and it was delicious! He got a double bacon cheeseburger which he said was the best burgers he's ever ate along with fries, fries were amazing crisp and seasoned just right!笑
I am really really happy with this place every time I come here it's awesome. They make food like back  NY . Can't wait to try the rest of the menu笑
I just had a horrible experience at this place. I walked in at 9:25pm(they close at 10). I was told by the grumpy old man in charge that he had just done a $200 order and was not cooking any more for the night. He actually told me 'It's 9:30. Time to go home.' I know what time it is, buddy. I was up at the VA hospital all day with my father and hadn't eaten. I just wanted to pick up a pizza to take home because I was exhausted. Thanks for making a long tiring day even more miserable.笑
Don't ever, ever. ever get the food. I called for 2 pepperoni pizza and guy was so rude. He told me it would be a half hour before it would be ready. I told him no problem. He hung up on me and didn't ask for my name or a phone #. I showed up 30 minutes later and he scream that he hadn't even stated them yet. Go back to New York! We don't need you in Las Vegas笑
I wasn't impressed with the pizza. Even the kids complained. First of all, the crust was a bit burnt. I hate when they do that. Also it was that floppy type of pizza that doesn't hold up well when you pick it up to bite it. I don't think I'll order there again.笑
I was skeptical after how good Payless Pizza was before, but it's even better now! Try the Deli Pizza, it was bomb! There's less crust and way more flavor than before!笑
Probably the worst lunch we have ever had today. I've had several good meals from this place the last few months so I'm leaving 2 stars but honestly this was just unacceptable. The spicy chicken strips may or may not have actually been chicken. Whatever they were did not taste good. The fries we hard and cold on the outside while still soggy from grease and steam on the inside. Hard to describe but yucky. The sandwich was soggy from steam in the container. When I picked it up the soggy bread gave away and the filling landed on the floor so I can't comment on whether the filling tasted good or not. The bread was all soggy not just in the bottom. Overall we ordered lunch for 4 people and now there are four full containers in the trash as we wait for someone else to bring us something worth eating.笑
Absolute worst service. After 1.5 hrs guy told us he hadn't started making pizza yet. Then I initially wrote a yelp review to which I deleted because the owner called and messaged us and harassed us, using many profanities. Extremely unprofessional, nobody ever go to this place unless u are willing to risk being harassed by the owner . And btw, we never did get our pizza, had to cancel after 1.5 hrs. I do have a screenshot of what he messaged to us if anybody would like to see.笑
The other night we had the best delivery ever! the driver was super nice & it only took him 35 minutes to get to our house.    

I had the Cesar grilled chicken salad with the  yummiest dressing! And The spaghetti & meatballs are out of this world! My guy had the most unbelievable Philly cheese steak ever & he knows Philly cheese steaks cause he was born & raised in Philly! He tried a rack of ribs too & they were fall off the bone tender! All this food for a reasonable price.

On our next craving, we dined in and the staff
was amazing and friendly accommodating all the way throughout our whole meal. From the moment I walked in - I felt like I was family! Didn't even know this gentlemen was the owner. I found out later his name was Vinny & he overheard me ask my guy - what is Broccoli Rabe ? No more than 5 minutes later, he comes out with a sample of this Broccoli rabe!  It was PHENOMENAL TASTING!! I would highly recommend Vinny's Italian kitchen - it is absolutely the best!笑
Reminds me of the pizza we use to get back in NY. Always a good deal. We eat here regularly.笑
Ordered this on the yelp app which was super convenient. They called about twenty minutes after letting me know that the deliver driver left but there was a lot of reception issues that led to a very frustrating conversation with me and the guy at the store (which forced me to wait out in the cold for fifteen minutes). Not super ideal. I was a little pissed until I saw the delivery guy who was super friendly and I smelled the food.

Sometimes, even if the start of the meal is frustrating, the end result can be such a delicious meal that you forget everything else. I got the ravioli with meatballs and my husband got chicken fingers with a side of cheesy garlic bread. The portion sizes were massive, and they all tasted so great. The price is very reasonable and just the convenience of ordering on your app makes this place well worth it.笑
Vinny and his crew are the best in making great tasting NY style pizza and having the pizzas delivered on time. I pre ordered online through yelp at 1pm for a 6 pm delivery to a birthday location, I picked 3 specialty pizzas (#3 #7 #14) and 2 pepperoni extra cheese pizzas with ease, the communication was great on both sides and Vinny & his crew had the pizza delivered hot, fresh and ready to eat. Great crust, cheese! And great flavors. Pizza was a great hit at my sons 4th birthday party and each pizza was doubled sliced for the kids. Can't wait to try the other food they offer.笑
Good NY style pizza . I like visiting small pizza shops because I work all across town and this one stuck out笑
My family and I came to Las Vegas for vacation and wanted to eat at a mom and pop place. We came across this pizza place and it was AMAZING! The moment the pizza hit the table, it was gone. I will definitely be coming back for more pizza my next time I visit. Thank you Vinny for making our trip memorable!笑
Best pizza I have had!!! We ordered an 18inch pizza, wings, and garlic cheese bread. The garlic bread came out with some marinara sauce. I usually do not like marinara but this... is OMG!! It's fresh. You can see the pieces of garlic inside the sauce. We ordered mild wings. They were perfection! Wings were crispy and the sauce was delicious. It wasn't over overwhelming it was just right. The pizza was next and I was floored. So delicious. They made us feel at home and a part of their family. I can tell the owner takes great pride in this food because it is so good.笑
If you like your pizza greasy, this place is the bomb (it does amazing things to the crust, hint hint).

Little nothing behind the strip mall pizza joint, but deserves its high ratings.

Friendly staff. I was sitting outside eating and delivery guy shows up, said hi and asked if I needed napkins or anything (I did need napkins...)

Cheap for delivery too.


Would return.笑
Best Pizza I've had in a very long time! The food was  delivered hot and on time. We ordered the Payless Special and the Hawaiian, both are very good, we especially loved the NY style slices. The House salad was fresh and crisp too. I will definitely be ordering from Payless again.笑
OMG! The BEST pizza in Las Vegas!! We traveled from Colorado and Arizona for a vacation and decided to search for the best rated pizza joint in Las Vegas. Payless Pizza was it and rightfully so!! The owner is awesome and he has the best sauce I've ever tasted. Generous with the toppings and just tasted so fresh. Next trip we're trying his lasagna. This is our go to when we're in Las Vegas for now on!!笑
Payless is like a little slice of heaven.  Found it close to work. This is like a small hidden gem in Las Vegas.  Pizza is just like an Nyc slice.  Cheesesteaks are also a delicious bite here.  Available a few ways and fresh and mouthwatering.  Worth the drive if your an east coast transplant.笑
Stopped by this place on vacation...amazing pizza! Owner is from NY so he definitely knows what he's doing! Haha Make sure you stop by to get some good takeout!笑
They do not deliver after a certain time. Food was cold. They were not apologetic at all. Never again. Heard from someone else who ate there recently that they found mold on some of the vegetables on their food.笑
Great deal and the crew there were really nice. Great food especially the wings. Will be grubbing here again! Super fast笑
I have owed this place a 5 star review for over a month now. We are ordering again and I didn't want to call before sharing some love with Vinny!笑
The garlic bread pizza was awesome. The chicken fingers on the other hand were ok just really small and I got hot and it was weak. But the delivery time was long and is hard to believe they were so busy on Monday for lunch.笑
Sausage and meatball combo sandwich.   That's all I have to say.   Sausage and meatball combo sandwich.   Order it.笑
Went here and sat in with my roommate for his birthday. The place is had only two tables, but this place isn't meant for dine in. We got a buffalo chicken pizza and two cans of soda. Vinnie was very hospitable and nice. Him being from NYC, the pizza was fantastic!笑
This is no mass produced, $5 plastic pizza place. This is pizza made by artisans. Pizza that tastes like real food. The crust tastes like a freshly baked Italian loaf - a soft center and crispy crust. Cheese that tastes like real cheese and stretches when you bite into it. And speaking of stretching, when I order a thick crust Sicilian, I have to order it two hours early so Vinny can stretch the dough. And I'm fine with waiting the two hours. When you think about it, it takes 6 months to get your Rolls Royce after you order it. Needless to say, this is my #1 pizza shop.笑
I am very disappointed that we called for about 30 mins and we thought that you were busy but we went there you we we closed when you were supposed to be open! You broke my daughters heart笑
This is probably my favorite pizza in town.  Its close and the guys who work there are suoer friendly.笑
lance was awesome !!! great guy !!! on time and a great attitude !!!
two thumbs way up !!! thanks lance you"re good attitude goes a long way in this world !!!

great food too, but lance is the reason we will keep ordering ! love great service !!!笑
A mediocre pizza, also don't rely on delivery.  It arrived almost an hour and a half after I ordered it.  I think if I would have ordered it there this pizza would have been a lot better and with a $5 delivery charge that made the pizza $21 for their all meat and that didn't count taxes or tipping the driver.  For that price I would much rather just do carryout from Biaggios.  Way better pizza and even if I wanted delivery from them I know I could count on faster and better service.笑
Yum! Wish we would have gotten a larger size pepperoni pizza. My husband killed it without ranch, which says a lot. Definitely hope we get a chance to go back before we  leave town.笑
Pretty much the BEST pizza I've ever had. Fast. Affordable and delicious. Took a group of 8 and the owner was very nice and accommodating. Try the Hawaiian or pepperoni!笑
Probably my new favorite spot for pizza ! One of the best in Vegas for sure:) lived in Vegas my entire life and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who asked for a good pizza spot. Employees are super nice . Always taking care of you .笑
food was good but i'll think twice about their service. i placed an order thru Grubhub for a 1/2order rib meal which included fries, coleslaw, beans and a roll. after it was delivered and i got back to my hotel room with my food and opened the bag, it was missing the fries, coleslaw beans and roll. I called grubhub and they called the restaurant and they did nothing to "fix" this situation which shows their apathy for their customers. I know the food that was missing was just "sides" but it is a substantial amount of food... Grubhub picked up Payless Pizza & Ribs #2's slack and gave me $5 off my next Grubhub order which will not be with Payless Pizza.笑
The pizza here is DELICIOUS!
My friends and I are visiting from New York and we wanted some pizza. I was a little skeptical because as you know, New York is known for its pizza. Well we were all pleasantly surprised.笑
I have been customer for more than 2 years very authentic New York style pizza place great customer service I'm so grateful for this place very tasty food!!!笑
The best pizza in town and the best NY people I've ever met reminds me of home try the buffalo chicken pizza it's bomb笑
I am so glad I stopped here for a pizza. 
Best damn pizza I've had in Las Vegas, and I've lived here for ten years. 
The location, the decor, the ambiance is just what you'd expect of a great pizza joint. They put all of their profit, effort and creativeness back into their menu. Thanks Vinny... Great service, great price, best product笑
The ONLY thing I *could* complain about here is the space. They've only got two tables inside. But that has nothing to do with the FOOD and my rating!!! Everything we had was amazing! The pizza is PERFECT! Light crunchy crust, the sauce is spot on! Chicken wings were cooked to crunchy perfection.. Ranch sauce is home made (as is everything else), and is soooo good!! We will definitely be back..笑
Just got here from Oregon and came down for lunch. I had the best salad I've had in a long time. We are here again for dinner and can't wait to try the lasagna and wings. Great Italian people and awesome food!!  It's a must go to off the strip!  Will definitely be back our next trip to Vegas.笑
This place is amazing! Vinny made us feel right at home! He talked with us, shared his love for his food with us! We sat at the table and watched how many people agree with us! It was pick up after pick up!!!! We are so glad we found this gem!!!!!笑
Delivery is fast. They require you to go outside to the valet area which isn't a problem. The pizza is very greasy. Average at best. Asked the delivery guy for plates, peppers and cheese. Told me it was all in the bag. Looked inside, no plates. 4 peppers and 4 cheeses. Ordered 2 extra large pizzas. Not going to cut it. Will not order from again.笑
If you go for just pizza or ribs they are great. I ordered some wings though and i can say honestly they were the smallest wings i have ever seen. The wing sauce was not the best either. I thought i was getting a good deal at 12 wings for the same price as others charge for 10 but after eating all 12 i was still left wanting. I have also found their side dishes with dinner are old tasting. Say no to cole slaw, potato salad, macaroni. Fries are ok though.笑
We eat out 3 or 4 times a week. And THIS place has the best pizza, salads, sandwiches...nothing has been unsatisfying so far. I definitely recommend the eggplant parm dinner AND pizza. Hubby says bbq chicken pizza and pops says soups and salads. Anything you get from here will NOT be bad!笑
First thing first, customer service was pretty good. We had pizza and chicken fingers delivered to us at the Excalibur Hotel. The driver got to us fast and was cool. Now for the other thing, the pizza was horrible. Ugh! But damn those dank chicky fingers was good!!!笑
Ordered a small pizza and a can soda. The delivery time was good average not super fast not too slow. Driver was nice but when I opened the pizza all the toppings had slid to the side. I tried to spread them out but it was just a mess. The pizza was good but probably won't order from here again.笑
If your lookin for some gooood greasy pizza (and I usually am) this is the best place. It doesn't look like much from the outside, that is if you can find it. But, it's worth the search. This is not the place to go if you want to dine out, I think they have like one booth in this tiny place. Strictly pick up or delivery. Sandwiches and other pizza place items on the menu also.笑
Best pizza in vegas the hamburgers are awesome and the fries are delicious great customer service, I came here all the time this is my favorite place now everybody that lives in las vegas should go to eat there your not going to regret it.笑
This is a legit NY pizza. I am from NY and the owner cares about his product. I only eat his pizza, have not tried other items. The location is hard to find, but who cares.  Long Island Neil.
I have been going here very often.
Vinnie makes a good pizza. Good crust, good ingredients, good sauce. You have to be a scmuck to not agree. I checked Vinnie and his products out. I sell food products, 20,000. Vinnie buys top quality, and knows his way around a pizza oven.
Case closed..笑
Very friendly, great service, & great food flavors.  The Hawaiian pizza was out of this world! The garlic knots unbelievable flavor.

Great job!笑
Today I was fortunate enough to meet Vinny, the owner of this pizza joint.  If you pay $40 for 'Italian-style' pizza on the strip, you are wasting your money.  This is the real deal!  This is ITALIAN-STYLE pizza!!  We ordered a pepperoni pizza and the pie was on point, there was a bit of grease but the crust was crispy so it never had a chance to fall apart as is usually the case...this crust handles it like a champ!  The cheese was perfect, stretchy but never clumpy...and the price is unbelievable, $12 and change for a 16' inch pie...I spent less than $20 for me and my family.  Vinnie even gave my son an extra piece of cheese pizza...I got a little taste of it and it is by far, one of the best cheese pizzas I ever had...I will definitely order a cheese pizza next time.  This place offers other things like wings and white pies...but also jalapeno poppers and lasagna...cheesesteaks!  So ideally this is enough for me to give a place 5 stars but the customer service here was above and beyond.  Vinny chatted with us and even had a chance to tell us that he was once a New York firefighter...plus, he gave my son a piece of pie!  Find this place on this site or GH for delivery, you will not regret ordering from here...it is even worth the trek to have what I believe is probably the best Italian-style pizza in all of LV.  Good job Vinny!  You WILL see me again before we leave town!  I need that cheese pizza...笑
Ate here last Friday and I had a much better experience then the last time I ordered from them in got the pizza and 3 or 4 pieces of fried chicken and French fries the lady over the phone was friendly the delivery driver was fast friendly made it on time with no issues at all even gave him a 5 dollar tip. Onto the food the pizza was really delicious no complaints as it tasted good and tasted alot better then some of the big name pizza places. The fries were good fresh to the point where they were so hot that they almost burned my mouth and I felt that the next day true story lol. As for the chicken they were about 3 pieces or 4 2 were really big the other two were some of the smallest pieces I have ever seen like really laughably small and the meat on those pieces were hard it was decent chicken but it reminded me of that chicken you would eat at buffets probably won't order it again though as for the experience it was good and I give this place 4 stars and I plan to order pizza from then again when I get a chance again.笑
Real NY pizza in Vegas!!! Pizza is freakin amazing!!! Moved here from NY and this pizza is definitely the truth!笑
Can't believe we stayed next door to this and only discovered it on the last day.  Hands down the best pizza I've had in America!笑
Pizza was good wings were delicious but if u like them spicy order hot my 1 year old was able to easily eat the medium spicy wings lol with out any issue but they were very tasty.笑
My first time. I got the Payless pizza that Vinnie the owner calls the garbage pizza. Tried the small to check it out. OMG. New York style means grease. If you like grease on your hands in your mouth, check this place out. Not too greasy. Had to eat it Trump style.  Highly recommend.笑
The pizza here is delicious! We bought a Groupon for an 18 inch pizza a soda and salad for 16 dollars! Our order was ready pretty quickly. I would suggest carry out because the restaurant is so small it only fits about 6 people. We had to get carry out cause both tables were full. My son and husband loved it and they are very picky when it comes to food. If you're in the area I suggest you stop by and try it out!笑
Ordered our two favorite items, from which we tend to judge in general the establishment as a whole: cheese steak with everything and 1/2 bucket of hot wings.  Both were excellent! Hot wings on the smaller more natural sized side, crispy edges, good heat, and well sauced without being wet and dripping. Cheesesteak with everything means cheese, peppers, onions, and mushrooms. I prefer mine with a drizzle of ranch sauce, but even without it the sandwich was juicy, flavorful, the bread held up well but was soft, came with seasoned fries...perfect! We indulged with tiramisu - thankfully had the forethought to get two - perfectly balanced, good coffee flavor, creamy, rich but not too sweet. Was ready on time, had carry out service (wow!), and the aroma in the car had my mouth watering. Will definitely order again!!笑
I call and I feel like I'm back in NYC! Pizza is excellent. I always do my best to support local businesses. I love an owner who is passionate about what they are doing! We need more of that! Annnnn the cannoli's are homemade and delish!!笑
This place is amazing! Everything we tried (and we tried many dishes) was fantastic: Garlic knots, cheese fries, pizza, calzones, double cheesesteak with everything, spaghetti, and rigatoni!! I have picky kids and tonight they were fighting over the last of the food! This place may be small and a little off the beaten path, but the owner went out of his way to accommodate our party of 11! Will definitely be returning here the next time we are in Vegas!! We even made the wall :) Thank you Payless Pizza #2 and Ribs!!笑
Yummy Yummy Love this Place! I eat there frequently and had them cater my company party. Never disappointing A++++笑
cant judge their food because it never arrived after 2 hours and zero contact.  just cancelled it.  hope you aren't hungry笑
Omg went to Vegas to go apartment hunting stopped by this place and I had the fish n chips it felt like I was back in Massachusetts and the great seafood fries were awesome too.. Vinny I will be back on a weekly basis. Awesome service..笑
Not much into pizza, but this place hits the spot. Very friendly and nice, from when they took my order all the way to the delivery. The pizza tasted fresh and the wings, on point!笑
Oh Vinny, you delicious mastermind! 

Philly is amazing, side of homemade marinara is seasoned perfectly, waiting on this bomb.com pizza to roll out. 

Pizza came out, pesto, on point. Happy life and got a photo on the wall. 

Life is good. Thank you Vinny!笑
Good little pizza joint...would definitely  recommend .. try the fried zucchini  ...yumm...and the pizza was delicious笑
Trying to find a great pizza place in Vegas has proven difficult as of late.  Seems like everyone's quality is going down.  I found this place just driving by and decided to give it a shot!  Wow is all I can say.  I this was one of the best pizzas I have tasted in such a long time.  I order here about once a week and they never disappoint.  I would highly recommend.笑
The best Pizza in town, been coming here since I moved into this town (eight years ago), I have change address twice, jobs 6 times and wives twice as well, but keep my same Pizza place, same cook for around 15 years. 
The menu doesn't limit to just Pizza, they have hot and cold subs and their chicken wings are the best in town as well.
I frequent this place twice a week, and every time I have friends an family in town I introduce them to this hole in the wall.....笑
Great pizza at a great price.  The pizza dough is excellent!   Crisp yet still a little chewy on the inside.  We chose the standard, baseline pepperoni pizza.  Not too oily, but foldable and crisp.  Definitely fresh!  

The ribs were good... Very tender and the sauce good.  It is a more northern, old-fashioned style of ribs.  It doesn't really have a texture, except for being very soft.  It doesn't have the outer bark like a dry-rubbed Texas bbq.

BTW Vinnie is the man.  Total host!  It was as if you entered his home for dinner.  NYC hospitality (the good kind) in the house!笑
Found Payless pizza #2 on a Yelp search since we were on vacation and didnt know the area. Seeing that Payless pizza #2 had 4.8 starts on Yelp we figured we'd give it a try . Reviews are right, this was GREAT pizza and the owner is super nice too. 

We will definitely keep payless pizza #2 in mind the next time we visit Las Vegas.笑
I'm a homeless person with no family,friends etc.I first came to Vinny's,when I put my stuff in storage,cuz I was hungry,and I wanted to try his pizza.It was outstanding,and I got full off 2 slices and a can of soda
Whenever I can afford to eat out,i'll go c Vinnie,before I go eat anywhere else.Plus when I go there to eat,its a laid back atmosphere,and I can have a piece of mind while I enjoy his foodVinny always wants to know if I'm doing o.k. cuz he knows my situation. So I highly recommend his restraunt if you're hungry and want some good old Original New York City Pizza.Vinnie wont ever lose me as a customer.笑
I have to say this is the best  I have had in a while. We come to Las Vegas often and we will definitely order some of Vinny's  every time we visit!笑
Needed a pizza fix while visiting from NYC, even better, they were able to make a delicious vegan pie for me! This is definitely a must when you're looking for a REAL pizzeria.笑
Been here at least 5 times already. I'll keep coming when I'm feeling that need for good Italian food!

They would have to try hard to shoo me away!笑
I loved everything about this place. Very small charming pizza joint. Vinny, the owner, was very gracious with my family and I. Excellent customer service is hard to come by but Vinny will make you feel like you're part of the family. Any questions about the menu are welcomed and everything is reasonably priced. I'm a huge pasta lover, so I had the chicken cordon bleu and I was not disappointed. A HUGE plate of steamy fresh pasta was placed in front of me and I was ecstatic. A pepperoni calzone and a Greek salad were ordered as well and we all left very full and very happy. I would not hesitate to return and will be recommending them to family and friends!笑
Authentic New York Style pizza from Vinny! It was absolutely delicious, affordable and Vinny's New York accent and small eat-in area makes you feel like you are right in the big apple!!笑
Best customer service in the pizza business and the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas I'm so happy I live only 5 minutes away! Trust me you won't regret coming here if I can give more stars I really would!笑
Best place, best people, best food! Discounts for medical cannabis patients. Fast and super friendly service!笑
Typical greasy pizza joint. We ordered delivery and it came very quickly but our pizza was incorrect. We ordered the plain pizza and it came with pepperoni, so my boyfriend begrudgingly ate it with all the topping pulled off. All and all, eh.笑
Expensive and not good.  I ordered the "large" wings for $10.99 and got 7 small wings.  No it doesn't come with fries or anything else.  And they were BBQ which meant a small BBQ sauce cup on the side?  I had to add the BBQ to the wings??  The meatball sub tasted like just ground beef with cheese.  Would not order here again.笑
Place is easy to get too, not friendly at all!! Also short changed me. Would not come back especially with the bad atmosphere. Don't know if it had to do with race or what but did not like it.笑
Order took an hour and 40 min.  Pizza was great but cold of course.  Motz sticks also cold.  Philly was most disappointing. No peppers and onions,  and no side for $8.50 sandwich笑
This review is eight weeks late. Better late than never right?

I use to order from this place years ago until they made a mistake on an order and refused to correct it. I stopped ordering from them until it came to my attention that they were under new management. I figured I'd give them another shot.

I ordered an extra large with extra cheese and some cheese fries at 11:10am and exactly 30 minutes later Vinny (cool cat) was at my door. Damn. I expected at least a 50 min wait, so kudos.

Being from The Bronx I was missing or better yet fiending for New York Style pizza and Payless Pizza #2 didn't disappoint. The pizza was thin, foldable and cheesy with the prerequisite oil dripping down my chin. Not only was it delicious, it brought back memories.

Next time I'm allowed a cheat meal, I'll be ordering another pizza and I'll try their Zeppolis.

Damn my mouth is watering.笑
payless pizza is the best pizza in the entire world it's absolutely delicious i don't think i will ever eat at dominos pizza hut or any other pizza place again once i tasted their pizza i fell in love it was exactly what i was looking for very delicious everybody go to payless pizza from now on i promise you will not be dissappointed its very delicious if i could i would get a pizza everyday from them i rate them 100 stars.笑
The best little hidden Vegas secret!  Everything  you order is fantastic. Vinny (owner/cook) and yes, from New York and part of the NYFD  is the neatest man with passion for perfect food, family and friends. I am a loyal customer forever. Crust, sause, cheese on pizza is " Trinity " and that's just the beginning. Menu is ridiculous with so many food options. 
As Vinny says, " If your from NY and miss the grease running down your arm come see him and he will make you feel and your tummy feel right at home : )笑
Great pizza, amazing garlic knots, really good prices.笑
I gave them 1 star because they were nice. But that is not what this place is in business for.....they are in the food business. Went there yesterday & got the finger/wing combo. The fries were the best part. The chicken fingers are like "Tyson chicken fingers" & they taste like it. sure You know the kind in the frozen food section.......
Never ever again.笑
I was getting my brand new Ferrari washed and was walking around looking for a place to eat. I've always had great experiences walking into small hole in the wall places that I would normally never drive by, so when I came across Vinnys Payless pizza, I had to see what it was all about...When I met Vinny ,the owner, I had no idea what to get. And instead of telling me how incredible the food was like most restaurant owners, he gave me a free pepperoni slice and told me I will be ADDICTED. And boy was he right !!!! Even though I wanted to buy a whole pizza to myself after tasting the best pizza of my life, I had to hold myself back because of my low carb diet. So Vinny went out of his way again and prepared the most incredible Gyro salad that I ever had which was not even on the menu !! What makes this place so different and special besides the fact that the food is so incredibly good, fresh, and ADDICTING, is the generosity, service, and passion that Vinny displays with every person that walks into his place, even though they are complete strangers. I just met this guy and already I feel like I am a part of the family. That's how comfortable this guy makes you feel !!!! Thanks for everything Vinny !! You got another customer for life !!!!!!笑
I would've liked to have been able to review Payless Pizza...But I never got the chance to try them. 

About 90 minutes ago, I went on GrubHub, saw that Payless was very close by, and they offered delivery. I'm new in town, don't have a car yet, and I'm staying with a friend who lives literally across the street from this place. So when I ordered a 16" Meat Lover's pie for delivery at 8pm, I figured it'd be quick. 

I was a little disappointed when GrubHub said the order would show up no later than an hour and 10 minutes from then, but oh, well. I kept my phone right next to me with the ringer up on case there were any problems. 

Then, I waited. 

Imagine my surprise when at exactly nine-oh-nine...with ONE MINUTE to spare - I got an email saying that my order had been cancelled, and my money refunded. Why? Because Payless had evidently had "a question," and they "couldn't reach me to ask it." Now, remember, the driveway to their parking lot is exactly across the street from the complex where I'm staying. The pizza in question is right there on the menu, and I ordered it as-is...no special requests or substitutions. I had my phone on an end table next to me listening for a ring in case of problems. And I got the message with only A MINUTE TO SPARE that my nearly $25.00 order (including pre-paid 20% tip!) was not going to be coming after all. 

So, I borrowed my roommate's car, and now I'm angrily eating Chinese food at a place up the road. All because the staff at Payless are apparently too incompetent to deliver what would have been a $25.00 order ACROSS THE STREET...But also so lax on customer service that they waited until LITERALLY THE LAST MINUTE to tell me as much!

To be honest, I'm actually kind of impressed. That's a SPECIAL level of incompetence. So, bravo, Payless Pizza. You've shown me a new low in ball-dropping.

EDIT: Just double-checked the phone number and address I gave GrubHub (since "Vin" seems keen to point fingers and pin his failure on others rather than own up and apologize), and both are correct. 

In a world of GPS and Google Maps, the fact remains that Payless would rather blame anyone else but themselves (and try to get you to believe that I don't even know EITHER my own address OR phone number) rather than acknowledge their apparent inability to deliver a pizza to an address less than a quarter of a mile away. 

Go ahead, Payless. Blame the customer. See how that works out for you.笑
We tried this place based on the reviews. We spent $70 on pizza, wings and garlic knots. The pizza was very average, the wings had zero flavor and our garlic knots were burnt. I had family over for a get together and most of the food went untouched after a few bites, so disappointed.笑
Great menu selection with great prices. The pizza is great but the dinner is even better. Great customer service as well. Love it try the chicken Parmesan. It's great.