Great food & great service!! Highly recommend this place! Impressed actually for the quality of food! For a first time this place beat my expectations! I had the chicken fajitas and it tasted FRESH! And came with a lot of food! Enough for two ppl...

Will be back soon!!笑
The food here was excellent. The chips and salsa was very tasty. Happy hour prices are incredible. Would highly recommend this place when you want Mexican food in Las Vegas笑
Excellent food, friendly service.   There were four in our party and we all enjoyed our meals.  Fajitas were huge and delicious.  We asked them to serve queso with chorizo mixed in.... amazing!笑
Went today to check this place out since it's right around the corner from me. Very friendly staff, was seated right away. The nachos and salsa they give you to snack on were really good with their nicely flavored salsa. I ordered a quesadilla as an appetizer and no lie, literally the best one I've had to date! Loaded in flavor and it was just a cheese quesadilla! I also had a bean and cheese burrito and that as well was loaded in flavor. Out of all the Mexican restaurants I have been to, from L.A to Seattle, I could honestly say this place is freaking amazing! Next time I am eager to try their tacos de lengua, which I have a pretty good feeling will not let me down :D
  You got to check this place out! It's newly opened and definitely deserves some sort of recognition for their flavorful food笑
Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in town. I highly recommend. Food is great. Chips and salsa is awesome. The service is outstanding. The young man that has a smile always is great.笑
Tried for first time today.  The food was very very good and the service was super nice and friendly.  I will definitely be back.笑
Drove all the way from the Mecca of Mexican food - Los Angeles - very hungry and came across this place - food was amazing- micheladas on point - great staff and plenty of parking- forget all the wack Mexican spots on the strip- this is the place to eat great Mexican food笑
This food is bomb. They have a salsa bar as well. Been here a couple of times, and would come way more often, but it is so expensive! Everything is hot and fresh and authentic. Menudo on the weekends is probably the best I've ever had. Staff is very friendly as well.笑
We arrived at the restaurant and were sat at a table with some chips and salsa. After approximately 20 minutes other groups of people begin to leave after waiting so long before being served. We continued to wait without even having our drink orders taken yet. The final straw for us came about 15 minutes later when another group entered the restaurant and were instantly served by our waiter. We then got up and left with yet another group of of people who had grown tired of waiting. 

This service was one of the worst I have ever received.笑
If your looking for delicious, authentic Mexican food then this is your place.  Nice spot off the strip so you avoid the crowd.  Staff is super friendly and food is soooooo good,  we will be back!笑
I went with 2 friends to give this place a try on a Sunday night.  It has only been open a couple of weeks the server said.  There was only a few other tables besides us.  The server was very nice to us and patient!  We were having a couple of micheladas and trying to decide on what to order because it all looked so good and he never rushed us.  We got some tacos and the menudo.  Everything was yum and we had such a blast (after more micheladas hahah). The menudo was especially awesome.  This is a great New Mexican spot to grab some drinks and great Mexican food!!  They really take care of you here!笑
Tried this restaurant tonight. It was delicious! They have a fabulous salsa bar and all their food is homemade. I had the enchilada special (I chose 1 cheese and 1 chicken) and my husband had Carne Asada, which featured a NY Strip cooked to perfection. The tortilla soup was to die for. We also tried the apple chimichanga for dessert. Yum! Served with vanilla ice cream. If you're looking for great Mexican food, this is your place! It's family owned and has authentic, fresh food.  Prices reasonable too. Their original location is in Mesquite and they just opened this one on Dec 21.笑
Lovely dinner here with excellent and attentive service from Angel. Had chicken enchiladas with green sauce, carnitas burrito and carbon steak. 
Ice cold beers, complimentary chips and salsa. What else could one want?笑
Couldn't decide whether to have the tortilla soup or the chicken soup so they combined them. Good soup, large pieces of chicken, etc.  The bowl is a very large serving.  Chips and salsa were great.  Server was friendly and helpful. Will definitely return.  Piks attached, one before the cheese melted, one after.笑
We found this restaurant via Yelp and gave it a try.  We had enchiladas and a custom shrimp quesadilla. It was excellent!  We learned that Happy Hour ran from two to five and tried the resulting $3 Margaritas.  They were also excellent.  We had such a good meal we came back the next day.  The second time the taco salad was terrific.  I had the sampler and all was well except for the flauta (sp?) that was a little too dry.  That said, we will return the next time we are in Las Vegas.笑
At first everything smelled great. The chips were not homemade. They were stingy with the guacamole on the flautas.  I had to ask for a water refill twice before I got one. And they were a tad overpriced.笑
This place is really good! I got the #29 which was the carne Asada burrito w a taco (the taco was carne asada also) I must say it is pretty good. The place was clean, nice, & peaceful so that's always a plus I also enjoyed the happy hour house margaritas they were the best house margaritas I've actually tasted. My sever was nice & well mannered so if your looking for a good Mexican restaurant I suggest here !笑
We were looking for authentic and fresh Mexican food. We found it at Los Lupes. Everything was fresh and very tasty. The guacamole was spectacular and the steak tacos were very good. I had one of the best margaritas I have had in a long time. Loved that it was just off the very busy and crowded main strip. Highly recommend you try this gem of a restaurant! Ándale !笑
Great service and great margaritas! The chips and Salsa were amazing.  Ordered the arroz con pollo and it was amazing. Some of the best Mexican food I have had in the valley. The mariachi band was excellent and not so loud that you couldn't hear people at your table talking.笑
Wonderful atmosphere, fabulous food, great service and a very talented mariachi band that I really enjoyed. You will truly enjoy the hospitality and the quality! It will definitely be a frequent stop for our family going forward. Thank you for the wonderful experience!笑
Stopped in on our way out to the airport. The restaurant was empty but the staff wasted no time getting us an ice cold beer, chips and tasty salsa.  Our food was deliver hot and  plenty.  I prefer my al pastor caramelized .   Beans were hot fresh and just the right amount of lard.

Great service, prompt food delivery and tasty food笑
Best home made food!
Even the free chips and salsa are great, service is quick and servers are really nice and helpful.

The Chile relleno is the best, beans and rice have a good flavor too.笑
Great customer service.  Angel checked up on us regularly and made sure we had everything we needed.  Chicken Chimichanga was delicious.  Chicken Fajitas were also very good.笑
Stopped here on 5.14.16 @ 9am....Just as they opened for the day.  Ordered combination plate with chile relleno and enchilada.

The food was outstanding!  This place is authentic and worth a visit.  Total treat and pleasure.  We will be back.笑
Came here for a quick dinner on the 4th of July and the young man working provided wonderful service. My husband and I were both working and this was a meeting point for a quick dinner break for both of us. I arrived earlier and the waiter immediately went over the menu, brought waters, explained the salsa bar, etc. 

My husband had the sampler plate and I had the chimichanga. Both were very good and had that homemade feel - where you imagine someone's grandma in the back doing the cooking. 

Chimichanga's can be dry inside but this one wasn't - the chicken was mixed with roasted peppers and possible something else as it had more of a stewed meat quality and texture. 

The chips appear to be of the in-house freshly made variety and were served warm and lightly salted. 

Micheladas were on point as well. 

To top it off, the service was excellent.笑
Los Lupes is authentic Mexican food. None of this Americanized Tex-Mex! The chimchanga was fried (oh yeah!) and the flautas were delicious. The salsa leaves much to be desired (bland). Customer service was very good.笑
We went to celebrate our Mothers  and  Nina's 92 birthday the waitress and servers were outstanding. The food is delicious very authentic. We all ordered different so I got to taste a variety of there menu. The menudo has both types of nistamal they have a sampler plate that has all my favorites enchilada hard shell taco flauta and taquito beans and rice. If you like hot salsa they have a salsa bar and chips that are so good. Please go and taste for yourself. Oh and love the zarape curtains and wall paintings very authentic.笑
5 stars are not enough for this restaurant!!! A-MAZING all around!!! The food was so yummy!!! Authentic, homemade Mexican! But what I really appreciated was the service!! Our server Val was the sweetest most attentive and helpful person ever!!!! She had patience with us and went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. Her and Chris both came around often to see if we needed anything. He was such a sweetheart as well, who ever hired those two did a great job! I  Definitely will be returning when I visit Las Vegas, and will recommend it to my friends and family. It was a great experience!笑
Was here on a Friday night. Food was great. Service is good. Live music was a surprise but, wonderful.笑
The place is clean and friendly, the salsa is good, but the food was not that great. Food was also overpriced.笑
These guys are New to town. Been open a month or so. We have come twice now the food is Amazing!!!!  The Best Mexican Food I have ever had!笑
They have the best authentic Mexican food in vegas. I love the peach margaritas and the chips and salsa!!!笑
It's always nice to find a new restaurant when you least expect it. Wifey and I were looking for a New Mexican food restaurant and stopped in on a whim. I had the best verde burrito ever and my wifey loved her chicken enchiladas. Turns out this restaurant has been open for 20 years in Mesquite and they finally opened one in Vegas. The outside looks like nothing special but the inside is clean and the staff is friendly.  I'll be back again next Friday!笑
This is the best Mexican food I've found in Vegas to date, my one dock was like all of Las Vegas they only have refrained beans and not whole beans which I prefer, other than that is good笑
Love your fresh tasting fish tacos! Flavors were perfect!Bueno! I come try burrito next time , only those chips could be less creasy, I let my co workers munch on them;)笑
Ridiculously good mexican food, awesome salsa bar. Maybe I have low standards since I'm from new hampshire where mexican food doesn't exist, but I'd come back to this place time and time again for their tamales and tacos笑
We were at Las Vegas and had a craving for some Mexican food. This place was good and the older gentleman was very welcoming. I would recommend this place not to far from the strip and good food.笑
The moment I walked the host greeted me and sat us down right away. She was really friendly and got us chips and salsa. The chips were ok but a little dry. Anyway we ordered pozole and a carne asada burrito. The food was ok. It wasn't bad overall. 
The restrooms were really clean. They had soap and paper towels which shows that they care about being clean.笑
Food was really good, but the service was incredibly slow. We were 1 of 3 tables with people and it took 20minutes for someone to bring our drinks. Our waitress then took another 20 before taking our order. Food was good, but we'll probably never be back.笑
Very good food.  I just wish it was closer to my side of town.  It would be my new favorite Mexican place.笑
Delicious foo. Great service and awesome margaritas. Happy hour pirces/offers are great.笑
Solid Mexican food that reminded me of CA. Service was good and the salsa was on point. Would most likely return笑
One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been too! Visiting from low Angeles for the weekend and was craving Mexican food. Boy was I lucky to find this joint! Can't want to come back next time I visit! 

Must try:
Asada burrito
Horchata
Steak fajitas笑
This place is really good!  We found this on Yelp and it had awesome reviews and it lives up to them 100%. Thank you fellow Yelpers!  We are from L.A. and are used to excellent Mexican food. This place is authentic, tastes great, and is reasonably priced. Will definitely be on our list of must eat locales when we visit Vegas and will be telling family and friends to check this place out!  You won't be disappointed.笑
I was undecided what to have for dinner so thought I would give this place a shot. Which was closest to hotel. The dining area was clean with friendly staff. I ordered the shred beef taco and a cheese enchilada combo ($11.99) with a Diet Pepsi ($2.75) and an extra beef taco ($3.50), which I did not finish. I would have just stuck to the cheese enchilada combo and eat the chips. The chips and salsa was great I could not get enough. The chips were the best I have had, they were fresh and warm. A bit pricey $21.73 total with tip for one el jefe's meal but a great atmosphere and great staff. SiriusXM Aguila is the house music.笑
Service and Food were AMAZING! I highly recommend to anyone that appreciates authentic Mexican food.. Hit the "Jackpot" with this place.... 
Happy LA customers笑
Went in on a very quiet Saturday night. I should have known from the second I tasted the salsa this place would be great! I had the Asada soft tacos. Fantastic food and very authentic. I'll definitely be back again. Great service too! Highly recommended.笑
So we decided to try this place tonite with hopes we find a good Mexican restaurant. Well my husband ordered the burrito mojado plate, and my daughter ordered the two soft tacos of asada plate. They both found hairs in there food. I ordered the two chicken enchilada Souzas plate, with the surprise I found two chicken bones in my food while eating. Then the check came 60$ and some change kinda pricey if you ask me, so I go to pay and give them a 100$ bill and they are looking it over for a little while I guess checking to see if I freshly printed it. Finally my change comes and I get back 29$ and some change no reciept, so I ask if I can get a receipt and they give me one I look it over after counting my change and knowing somethings wrong then the girl says we only owe you 5$ I'm like no you owe me 10$ so after they took a few min to add and subtract they realized they made the mistake. Definitely not a good impression and we definitely won't be back!!笑
Chile relleno burrito was super good but the horchata was just amazing. I had two there and took one to go!笑
I went here with my family and everyone was happy with their food. I ordered a ground beef chimichanga but it was definitely baked, not fried, like the description on the menu, so it wasn't crispy the way I like. The margaritas (I got strawberry and mango) were very good and so was the service. The chips and salsa are the best I've ever had. We will return.笑
They don't sell Birria or Mole, but they DO have menudo daily, great for the hangovers and pozole daily. They don't deliver, but you can order to pick up. I love their prices and the environment. The people are friendly and greet you with a smile. They have free wifi and the music is not too loud where you can't have a conversation, it's great for a first date. Come check it out to try some good true Mexican food and flavor. You won't be disappointed.笑
AMAZING! The same great food I grew up eating. So happy they are in Vegas now. As always the flautas as well as chips and salsa are to die for. You have to come, they just opened this location but it's not as busy as the one in mesquite so come try it and keep them open!!笑
Free tortilla soup was the best meal here. Loll
Although service was really good, I can't even give 3 stars. Foods here wasn't authentic but it wasn't modern either.  I can't describe it. 
All I know is it was below mediocre. Salsa wasn't good. Chips were OK. Most importantly chili sauce on my enchilada was awful. It tasted like half way cooked spaghetti sauce. My chicken meat was tough and they only had pork tamales.笑
Comida muy deliciosa. Desayuno, almuerzo y cena. A toda hora
Muy limpio. No mucha gente. Servicio del personal muy amable笑
Way way too pricey for a small neighborhood dive. Expect to spend $40bucks for 2 w/o cocktail or tip.笑
Food is delicious!  Rice & beans are home made. I had the Chile relleno burrito,  loved it..笑
Amazing authentic Mexican food and super nice staff! Great low key spot off the Vegas strip.笑
Our food was amazing!!! The strawberry margarita was delicious as well. Our server, Angel, was awesome!! He remembered our orders and refilled the drinks in record time! Very helpful with suggestions and Vegas tips. I would definitely come back and recommend this place to anyone who comes to Vegas! Thank you Los Lupes for serving us an amazing dinner!!!笑
Great customer service, delicious authentic beans, salsa, chile rellenos. I'm pretty sure this will be my new favorite mexican restaurant.笑
Had myself a great lunch, ordered the burrito special. Chips, salsa, soup all came out. The had a really nice salsa bar. Clean, comfortable. Great service and everything delicious. I'm a little surprised there are only 6 reviews. I'm from San Francisco and we are really picky with our burritos. From me they delivered the goods.笑
So after countless times trying Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas, I turned to Yelp to see what people's opinions where about a good Mexican restaurant. Came across Los Lupes and it's literally 5 minutes from my house. OMG!!!! This place is absolutely amazing. The food very authentic. We came during happy hour. Half off all appetizers and beers/margaritas. We had the Carne Asada quesdilla and Chicken quesdilla, OMG the flavor!!!!  Also had a regular, strawberry and mango margarita!! So good,  let's say they are not stingy with the liquor.
We come at least once a week. The staff here,  very very nice!  We have our favorite waiter Abraham!! They have a second location in Mesquite. A must try,  I promise you will give it a thumbs up!!笑
I've been here several times.  The food is authentic Mexican food and the service is outstanding.笑
Great place.  Nice people and good service.  

Salsas were bomb! And so many of them.

I went here when I was in Vegas and ended up coming here twice they were so good!!  I had the shrimp burrito.  Shrimp tasted to fresh I had to come back.笑
So excited to find this restaurant here in Las Vegas.  I've eaten at the one in Mesquite. It's our favorite!  Now I have a new favorite here.   Not disappointed. Same warm abs welcoming atmosphere. We were greeted the moment we opened the door.  Enjoyed the chips and salsa.  The chips are warm and thin! Ordered a flavorful guacamole.  Delish!  We had a strong margaritas.  Yummy on a hot summer day. 

We ordered the same entree . Carnitas tacos.  Lots of meat and well seasoned.  A huge plate and almost too much to eat.  

We will be back to enjoy more entrees.  Don't miss the opportunity to experience this great authentic restaurant.笑
Excellent food and great service. I have been here twice and both time it was a very good experience. Easy in and out or stay as long as you want.笑
Really good Mexican food! Everyone was really nice!!!! Highly recommend this place!!!!笑
We are a party of 5 came in for lunch, after waiting for 45mins to sit down, we got a FREAKING ugly attitude short skinny Asian girl with glasses. She doesn't say a word to our "thank you & please" just gave us a serious grumpy face for the whole time. REALLY?  If you don't like customer service, get out of restaurant business. I hope the management would talk to her.笑
Love this place !! The food is delicious and the customer service is great. The Micheladas is a must try.笑
This place is really good. The portions are huge. They start you off with chips and salsa just like they should considering it's a Mexican joint. The chips are soft and delicious. Salsa is spicy but not too bad. I ordered the chilaquiles (which are not on the menu) and they were loaded with machaca and egg. They were very flavorful. The service was great. The host and waitress were very attentive with our table of 6. Nobody in our group complained about the quality of their food. They also have a full bar to order drinks from. Price is ok overall. I would recommend this place and definitely come back soon.笑
Checked Yelp for a great Mexican restaurant and found this one. The food was muy bien!! A couple of us had chile rellenos that were delicious, one of us had a burrito and was very pleased. Then another one had beef tacos that was also very good!!! And the service was excellent!!! I will definitely return to this restaurant when I return to Las Vegas!!!!笑
Some of the best authentic Mexican that I have had in Las Vegas. 

I have only been once, but will be returning soon. Its not a five star service but the service was exceptional here. 

I tried the chips, salsa, zarapes, queso dip, and guacamole. All were very good, for the type of Mexican food it was the best I have had in Vegas.

The prices are very affordable especially during their generous happy hour appetizers. I don't see why there are lower ranking reviews I would love to do a 4.5 or a 5 star but I don't give 5 stars for anything but five star places.笑
This place is fantastic! Delicious food! We had a terrific experience here. We are visiting from out of town and staying at the Orleans it is very close by. Reasonable prices for quality food!笑
Held a party here for my best friends mom last night. They catered and let us borrow half of the restaurant. Not sure if they actually do all that since the owner and her husband know each other, but they did this time. 

Anyway, since they catered, can I just say...YUM!! Everything they made to cater to the party was delicious! I had to get up and get more. It's my first time here, and I was very impressed. The waiters and waitresses were providing such great service. There was a ton of people that came and from what I saw, everyone was satisfied and content. It was even open bar and no one came up to the counter. They were all taking orders and were quick to bring out the drinks! 

In short, the food was very delicious but the customer service was just impeccable. Very impressed.笑
Food was great. Micheladas were even better. And the margarita went down just as smoothly. Very cute location. Would definitely recommend this place to friends.笑
Delicious!  Coming from Southern California it was  a surprise to find this place. Nice little salsa bar with sliced radishes, spicy carrots and onions. Our Server Carlos was very friendly and helpful. Guacamole was great, not too bland or too hot to eat. Will eat there again when in town. Prices were very reasonable also. Keep it up笑
The food was authentically prepared. The portions were generous. Most of all the food was very fresh! The restaurant was very clean and location has ample parking. Will definitely return when next in Vegas.笑
Excellent food and service! Nicely decorator and food is Amazing!! You can always judge a good Mexican restaurant by their salsa - two thumbs up!! I had the carne asada and t was tender and delicious. 
Highly recommend.笑
Great food. Great prices. Happy hour is awesome with half off appetizers. Only thing wrong was that it says "homade" instead of homemade. Other than that, amazing.笑
I'm not sure where all the rave reviews are coming for with regard to Los Lupes. It's OK, solidly average Mexican food. I found it underwhelming and wouldn't make a special trip to come here. 

Our server brought us a basket of chips, that were a bit stale but fine, there was no salsa bar but the salsa was tasty. 

I ordered a taco salad which was fine, nothing special. Hubs had a combination platter, which he didn't finish and he loves Mexican food. The presentation really wasn't that appetizing and the flavors weren't great. Perhaps we didn't order the right dishes. 

Kids had the usual kid tacos/quesadillas which were fine. 

Margarita on the rocks was tasty, but pretty pricey for bar liquor and bottle sour mix. 

The main surprise was the check, for a middle of the road Mexican restaurant our bill was very high. What surprised me was how expensive the margaritas and sodas were. Our entrees weren't that expensive but the total bill really was higher than I anticipated for this type of place.笑
I heard about this branch of the best Mexican Restaurant in Mesquite so we gave it a try. Their Carnitas plate shows why they're good. The meat is cooked so it's crisp, yet tender, with the right combination of spices to give it character. They make their own refried beans and you can tell it's special. Their carne Asada dishes also show the quality of the meat and the cooking technique. The Mole and Menudo are also very tasty and do not have that fatty or gamey aftertaste you will find in versions of other restaurants. Their bar is also well equipped with some of the best tequilas, and they make some really good margaritas. Probably some of the best Mexican food in Las Vegas at very reasonable prices. The service is great, too. We are definitely coming back to try their other dishes.笑
What a great find. This morning we drove from Santa Barbara to Vegas.  We missed our regular India buffet time due to the enroute traffic.  0.5 miles before our air BNB, we found this market complex.

We were about to enter pizza hut (in my defence we were starving) when saw 'mexican food' post.  The restaurant name was written is rather small font.

I quickly checked google reviews. Yelp takes time and as I told you we were starving.  Yet my wife wanted to freshen up at our staying place before eating. So we ordered a take out.  With happy hour chicken quesadillas (with sour cream, gouc and salad) costed $4. We ordered two of them. Picked up some small cups with salsa from their help yourself counter.

Habenaro salsa is hot but super fun. And I like spotting my quesadillas open put some diced cilantro, onion, tomato (from salsa counter).   Every bit was delicious.  Chicken was tender and flavorful.

The server was so nice...That despite a take away under $10 bucks she offered us a bag of nachos and house made salsa for free.

So 5 stars for taste
5 for salsa counter
5 for price
5 for small business (glad I missed pizza hut in their favor)
And 5 for service.

They gained a loyal customer from me, for my every successive Vegas visit.笑
Was waiting to get a tattoo a couple of doors down and decided to grab some food by recommendation of my artist. We wandered in during happy hour and ordered a half price margarita that was delicious and a food special that was amazing. The tacos are large and the service is wonderful. What a great place tucked in here. Definitely worth a try!笑
it's a cute little Mexican spot. The employees are really friendly. Food is pretty good.笑
I've been in here a few times and every time it's excellent food. They seem slow every time I show up then start to pick up so maybe I'm some good luck for them. They sure are a gem for me. The carnitas tacos with green sauce is where its at. Very clean and good service.笑
Was walking around and found this place on Yelp since it was close to where I was staying. The chips and salsa are delicious! It's tucked away in a strip mall but it's worth the visit. Got the beef chimichanga and was very satisfied.笑
Now this is real Mexican food!! Service was great... I will be coming here again next time I'm in town. Posole really hit the spot! Thanks Los Lupes you satisfied our craving.笑
I tried the steak fajitas with rice and beans, steak quesadilla, and a chimichanga from here. I must say that I was impressed! Fajitas was so flavorful and the quesadilla was amazing!笑
I have never been to this location, I think it's the same owners of Los Lupes  in Mesquite, NV which serves a bad ass albondigus soup. Beans & Rice made to perfection. Homemade salsa / chips great as well... Just the right heat, chips tasted light crispy.  Sooooo if this is the same owner, I am so looking forward to coming here this weekend.笑
vacation to Las Vegas I was in the mood to have Mexican food. what a great little find I had tacos and Pastor and Menudo.Service was great and definitely up there with the best Mexican  restaurants i've had. I'm a chef and restaurant owner so for anyone that's looking for a good Mexican restaurant while you're in Vegas this is it.Menudo  is top notch.笑
My family and I found this place on Yelp and I'm happy that we came here! This place is delicious ! The food and prices are great. Staff are so nice and very caring. The young lady we got would come by every 5/10 min asking  us ( party of 14) if everything was ok and if we needed anything . On one of our orders we got the wrong plate and our server was so nice about fixing the problem. I highly recommend this place !!!笑
Went for quick lunch today. The restaurant itself is very simple and a little dated but the gals who helped us were super nice and sweet and the food was delicious. We left stuffed. The chips and salsa are really good! And they had Corona Light which always makes me happy!笑
If your looking for burritos in Vegas this place is the best the burrito I've had in the valley !

Massive Burritos they even had a salsa bar with radishes ( my favorite :3. )笑
I usually judge a Mexican restaurant by the flavor of a few items. 1) Chip and salsa.  2) Rice and Beans.  3) Cheese enchiladas with red sauce. If these items pass my tastebud challenge then usually the other food items are fantastic. They passed with flying colors!! I have to say I live in California and have not found a Mexican restaurant that was as good as I had here and I am surrounded by Mexican restaurants. Amazing food and I will be back again when I come to visit!笑
We were in town and we're craving good mexican food.  We were not disappointed.  The menudo was an A+.  Very good.  We also had a chicken burrito ranchero which was also very good.  Service was excellent.  As soon as you thought about asking for something, the waitress was there.  Very nice atmosphere too.  This will be a regular for us now.笑
My bf and I were hung over from a fun night at Hakkasan and were searching for menudo which is huge best remedy for hang overs. Any way the chips and salsa were ok but that menudo was life! We also got posole and it was the best ive had in a while. Should visit !!笑
I spent almost 3 months for training in Vegas and found this little Mexican restaurant on Decatur. This is a small family owned restaurant and I know they have at least one other location.

The food here is affordable and surprisingly very good! I usually get the Camerones Diabla or some combo fajitas. He portions are very big. I love to eat and rarely leave food on the table but usually go home full Gavin not eaten everything. Their chips and salsa is good plus they have a salsa bad with 5 or six other favors to try including a good Verde salsa and a Habanero salsa that is much too hot for me but good flavor and I mix it with their table house salsa. 

If you want a tasty sit-down restaurant that isn't over priced you will be happy with his place. This location is new and they need the business, it has never been very busy here and I have eaten here half a dozen times. So give them some business and spread the word!笑
My favorite Mexican sit down restaurant. Totally hidden and the window from the outside is dark so it seems like it's closed-but it's not!
My Dad's favorite Albondigas Soup-we always take some home for lunch in the upcoming days ahead.
Large space so good for big groups and sports teams.
Margaritas and Micheladas were D-Lish!
Located in an industrial area strip mall but worth the hide and seek.
Never disappoints no matter what I order! And the staff is always very nice and accommodating to my quirky specific requests.