If you're hungover: GO! 
If you're sober: No.

Straight up greasy spoon/ diner food. 
Questionable quality. 
You get the idea.笑
L'endroit est bien sympa, il s'y dégage quelque chose. J'avais retrouvé une dame pour faire une entrevue sur les mères au Québec qui allaitent exclusivement (je vous dis juste les grandes lignes de mon entrevue sinon je n'écrirais pas seulement quelques lignes). 
J'ai appris qu'ils faisaient des brunchs dans ce café, mais je n'ai pas eu l'occasion sur le moment de les tester. Cependant je peux vous dire que les boissons chaudes sont agréables.笑
A quaint little place for a casual meal.  Really good friendly service.  Good selection of different menu items.  I had the Breakfast Burrito and found it quite delicious.  Very filling so be hungry.  Overall a fun n place.笑
We arrived at 1pm on Sunday and we wanted breakfast and we found the perfect place: delicious food and smoothie, homey feeling and very nice people and serving. We are so coming back! We totally recommend eating here.笑
It's temptingly close to my home--so hard not to go there all the time. The food is also perfect for hang-overs, and of course, is delicious. Nice little hole-in-the-wall kind of place笑
Situé pas trop loin du métro atwater, le cafe joe est un charmant petit endroit pour un déjeuner/ lunch entre amis.

Point positif : 
- les assiettes étaient belles et la nourriture savoureuse 
- le café est bon
- endroit intime
- beaucoup de lumière 
- belle ambiance d'amis 
- service bilingue 

Point négatif : 
- le service aurait pu être plus courtois . Un sourire ne fait pas de mal 
- ils ne prennent pas visa 
- il y a beaucoup d'enfants le week-end, avec des jeux pour eux. Si le calme est recherché, endroit à éviter 
- un peu long pour avoir les assiettes (30min). Mais peut-être étais-ce seulement le jour de ma visite .笑
Café Joe or Café Slow as some call it is simply GREAT!  The food is delicious and inexpensive and I don't mind the slow service because I know what I'm getting into when I sit down. Plus, having time to sip your coffee and discuss with your friends without having a waiter rushing you is how brunches should be enjoyed!  Try to nab one of the picnic tables on a nice summer day. :)笑
This is a cosy, little cafe a short walk from the Atwater Market.  It serves up delicous food at very reasonable prices so you really can't go wrong in coming here.   They serve up your classic breakfast food and it is well done.  I'm a fan of their potatoes which are well-seasoned.

The service is a little on the slow side but that's because they don't have a big kitchen and there is only one cook.  That being said it's not that bad because while your food can take it's time the waiter is still coming around and topping up your coffee so you don't feel like you've been forgotten as is usually the case with slow service.笑
Joe Knows Breakfast

I used to live upstairs from this place so I would stumble down for an awesome three meet breakfast for $5.50...but it would take a half hour, as everything is made to order.

I've been back recently, the prices have gone up and the wait is the same but a cool place none the less...

The neighbourhood is pretty young so you may be entertained  by minstrels while you wait.

wakawaka笑
Belle place à brunch, la nourriture est décente et le personnel agréable.
L'atmosphère est très agréable!
Dommage que ce ne soit pas ouvert le soir..
N'accepte pas la carte de crédit.笑
For a while, we had a whole ritual going on where we'd meet up a Café Joe for brunch before biking up to Burritoville to play board games.  But then we realized that we were always stressing out about the insane wait time and now we just have breakfast downtown.

Which is too bad, because Joe's is one of the good places. It's a tiny cute place filled with plants and books, that's blocks away from everything that makes St Henri an awesome neighborhood. Not a whole lot of vegan options, mind you, but the home fries are so delish, you don't see me complaining.笑
I feel compelled to update my review from a couple years ago because it's clear that with new management this place has really turned around- while we still refer to the place as Slow Joe's for old times sake, the service has radically picked up and you receive your food at a comparable pace to any other greasy spoon.

The food remains similar with the exception of more vegan items on the menu (including a mushroom vegan poutine!). While things have changed, I'm firmly committed to les voisins (a grilled cheese with two eggs sunny side up, potatoes, and fruit)- often indulging in my favourite plate weekly. In turn we've become regulars here and the servers are consistently fabulous towards us, treating us like old friends.

It appears now too that on the weekends there's often live music during brunch hours (!)笑
Attention voici mon avis le moins long!
C'est bon, c'est beau, c'est pas $$$, c'est vivant et il y'a des jouets pour les enfants .... et même de la musique  parfois 
Allez y笑
Love this place! Small and friendly.... they are right there every time you think you might need more coffee. The art on the walls is unique and funky. Great breakfast place not to missed!笑
This is a fantastic location for breakfast! The atmosphere of the restaurant gives you a vintage, comfortable feeling. Their "Ecstasy" breakfast, consisting of a french toast croissant, comes with a diverse assortment of fruit, as well as delicious breakfast potatoes. The food-gasm is real here!