Thought we would patronize Kona on their first night!  Food was mediocre, service sucked, and for extra entertainment at no extra charge, a good old catfight!  Two women were physically attacking each other at the bar, pulling hair, throwing things - the whole bit.  The three hostesses just stood by and laughed.  No one called the police.  The one female walked out and then in again and attacked the other some more.  Made for a very uncomfortable time.  Had we not gotten our food, we would have just gotten up and left.  Not a family place, by any means.  Skip it and leave it to the classy Scottsdale folk.笑
The food at this location seemed to be better than the Kona I normally go to at Fashion Square. Julez served me at the bar and she was so friendly! She was so much fun to chat with at the bar, she made sure my glass was never empty, and that my food came out quickly!笑
This place is absolutely Amazing!! I was a little skeptical after reading the reviews, but I decided to give it a shot. I'm so glad I did. The food was delicious, the service was outstanding and the atmosphere is epic. 

I will definitely be coming back here. I'm going to make it one of my to go places for sushi!!笑
First off I have to say I've always been a fan of Kona Grill. I've never had a bad experience with the food or staff. I recently went to this new location to check it out and the inside is stunning. It felt really comfortable and has a fun atmosphere! The best part at this location is our server we had, Ruben. He took above and beyond care of us. I'm a server as well so when I go to restaurant I sadly look at things other people probably don't. He was on top of his game making sure everything was right, had great conversation, and knew exactly how to communicate with us regarding any questions. His food knowledge was on point which made me and my family feel like we were in good hands. I'll always go back and ask for Ruben. Great hire on your part Kona, he's a keeper! THANKS RUBEN!笑
The ONLY reason we will be back is because of Austin. He took care of us when we were forgotten by another server. Thank you Austin for your wonderful service and hospitality!笑
Can we use a pen and paper if you can't remember someone's order? And also why bother asking how the lunch is when you already didn't put the order in right? Thank you. We'll see if it's better next time as I live close by, it's an easy option.笑
Walked in with out a reservation to grab a quick bite with my wife and two daughters. The hostess was extremely friendly and made my wife and kids feel great. We were sat right away and the waitress was also polite and helpful and explained the details about the menu. She was quick and on top of it. 
When the food arrived it was fresh and delicious! We are for sure coming back to this place. One of the best new spots in Scottsdale.笑
A summer meal doesn't get any better than a cucumber mojito, sea bass and a huge slab of snicker ice cream pie at this Kona Grill! Great vibe at this location. Trendy,relaxed decor. Easy free parking in garage right across the street. Join their Konavore email list for savings.笑
The restaurant is brand new.  Great food. The staff are trying to find their ways around.  Ambiance is great.  Management was on top of it if there was any issues.  Hard working staff.. I think they will find their rhythm and momentum.. best wishes...笑
Went there for dinner tonight... service SUCKED... spoke to the manager ... nothing improved.  Food was par if that.  I honestly don't ever write bad reviews, but this place deserves it.  The wine arrived after 20 minutes,  our edamame was cold, the sushi wasn't bad.. but wasn't good.  The only thing I would sort of recommend would be the poke bowl.  That was par.  Beyond disappointed and dissatisfied笑
I would give no stars, if I could.  Kona Grill - you should be ashamed of yourself!  There is no excuse for what happened to me.  I made a reservation on Open Table for 4 this past Saturday night.  In the reservation I  clearly made a note stating that I had a small service dog that needed to sit next to me - I also noted we were celebrating a birthday! If they had a problem they should have contacted me ahead of time!   When I arrived I was told we could only sit outside ( in 114 degrees!) with my service dog!  When I explained we were allowed by law to sit inside, they then told me ok but he had to sit on the floor.  He is small, so needs to be by my hands for my condition.  I always carry a mat with me, so he is not sitting on furniture.  I was told it wasn't possible.  The GM gave me a gift certificate to come back, but I told him that if he couldn't  accommodate my needs, I wouldn't be coming back.  
I have been to the finest restaurants in Phoenix and this has never  happened before.  Not only was I upset and humiliated, my friends birthday dinner was ruined.笑
My staff was invited to the private grand opening by John.  He was extremely hospitable.  The food was great and the service was good. The portions were generous.  We will definitely return.笑
This is the newest Kona in town. I've been to a Kona Grill in Kansas City and the one at the High Street, and this venue is by far the nicest. I came here for a yelp elite event prior to their grand opening where we sampled almost everything on the menu. We also got to meet the manager and staff. It was so good I decided to come back for more on opening day. 

The venue is large with plenty of seating, so we didn't have a wait. We got the outdoor shaded patio seating. There are TVs available so we were able to watch the NBA finals. 

Their service is world-class and second to none. My server, Anthony, was attentive and remembered my name (just have a look at my name and you'll know why that's impressive). He was able to explain everything on the menu in detail and gave great recommendations. Plus, the servers here all look like they are models. 

Let's talk drinks. They have mixed drinks, beers, sake, and wine. Summer in the City is a must have, gin-based with pineapple. If you haven't been to Kona Grill before, their menu is super diverse. From burgers to sushi, they have it all. For appetizers, we ordered the lettuce wrap. They also have the "fish of the day" special where they offer the freshest fish in town. It was literally swimming in the ocean the day before. We ordered one and it was the sword fish with a sweet and sour Caribbean sauce smothered over. DELICIOUS. We also ordered the eel based sushi, caterpillar roll. YUM. 

They are happy hour happy. M-F 3-7p; M-Th 9-11p; F-Sat 10p-12a; Sun -all day. On Tuesdays, they do half price wine bottles. Overall, I've had a fantastic experience at this Kona Grill and will probably become a regular here.笑
I love the new location and I love how the patio seating is set up. Such a beautiful set up overall. Food was good and service was good. Can't wait to come back!笑
We had a party of seven and were seated at a great table near the misted patio and just inside the restaurant.  The temperature was so perfect even for a summer night.  The restaurant is decorated in a cool Scottsdale vibe and once we were seated we were not disappointed the entire night.
The waiter was charming and offered some great suggestions for appetizers and entrees. The smoked Gouda with apple and pretzel bites was a big hit with our group. The potstickers were ordered again because our group ate the first batch so quickly.  They were cooked perfectly and filled with delicious pork.
The waiter was very attentive and kept us in the loop about when our main courses would be coming out.  At the suggestion of our waiter I ordered the sea bass.  Delicious, moist, flavorful and spectacular does only begin to describe my meal.  The pork and shrimp fried rice was a tasty side to compliment my fish.  For dessert we split the Cream brûlée and the sinful Snickers pie.  They were fabulous, and perfect for at table to share.  I am so happy that Kona Grill is located in the Quarter, I suggest that everybody head on over if you want a delicious meal, great service, and a fun atmosphere.笑
Stopped by for the private grand opening!! Nice set up for the newest location!! 4 large sized TV's over the bar when you walk in and a vast space for the rest of the restaurant. Sushi bar in the back and outdoor patio in the 104 degree weather...red ribbon cut and place will be open in 3 days!! Food amazing with sushi, sashimi and the biggest burger sliders ever!!  Will be exciting addition to kierland!!笑
Just happened to stop by for Happy Hour and wasn't disappointed. First time here and everyone was friendly. Try the avocado  stuffed egg rolls. They were delicious and something I've never had. A place to try at least once.笑
Love that they opened one up in this area!! We went on a Friday night and it was busy but we ended up being able to grab some seats at the patio side of the bar--probably my favorite place to sit anyways. They were blasting music so it was a little hard to hear but we got used to it quick and it made for a fun atmosphere anyways. Not sure if it was as loud in the main restaurant area. 

The bartenders were incredibly friendly and did a great job at checking on us. We started of with a couple of beers then had some sushi. So good! My fiancé said he enjoyed his Vegas roll but preferred the one at Ra. I on the other hand enjoyed my spicy yellowtail and loved the Angry Edamame so much I ordered a second bowl. 

Our waitress/bartender was really friendly and made a great Cosmopolitan and a very strong but somehow delicious Old Fashion for my fiancé. This place was so loud, busy and energetic on a Friday night. Definitely a different vibe than the rest of Scottsdale Quarter but I enjoyed it!笑
It was so good the first time I had to come back again. Let me say this is a great location.  This time was for happy hour. The menu had lots of variety which is a good idea for happy hour. Not too much but just enough. We ordered four different sushi rolls from the dragon roll which is my favorite to the Atlantic roll.  We also had the margherita flatbread. Delicious. The wait staff is knowledgeable and super attentive.  If you've never been to this location I encourage you to try it.  This is my new favorite place to bring friends and family for amazing fresh foods and drinks.笑
I understand that this location is new, but waiting over an hour for entrees is unacceptable. Especially when the place is Half Empty. Our server started out nice and explained the menu to my out of town guests. After apps, he then avoided our table, it was obvious he screwed up in some way and never stopped by to explain why our food was nowhere to be found. I had to stop a manager and ask what was going on ?!? I appreciated the comp'd desserts but I will not be back to this location.笑
A disappointing, but well earned 1 star.

Service, service, service. This makes or breaks a business, and the new Kona Grill at Scottsdale Quarter lacked everything that defines service. Let me say that I absolutely love Kona Grill and have been a customer for years at both the High Street and Fashion Square locations. 

Our server Alec was kind, but lacked skills and expertise that is usually employed by Kona Grill. He came about 10 minutes after we were seated and took our drink orders. 15 minutes later, our drinks came and a martini which had been ordered dirty and with an olive came straight up and with no olive. After bringing this to the attention of Alec, he sent it back. Another 15 minutes later another martini came, this time dirty and with an olive, but on the rocks? Quite the way to serve a martini. 

One of our 2 rolls comes before any of our other meals come and the manager comes to apologize about the martini. I explain what happened and explain that although the martini was served on the rocks, I would drink it anyway. He brings me a final and third martini, dirty and with an olive. We had been here for about 45 minutes now with myself and another person in our party not having their meals (3 total in our group.)

The meals come another 10 minutes later. The quality of the food was good, what you would usually expect from Kona. However, that second roll we had ordered never came throughout our whole visit. 

Fast forward to about an hour and a half that we're here, and we ask for our checks. Two appetizers come on the check full price (we came during happy hour) and they charged me for two martinis! 

I bring this to the attention of our waiter Alec who then comes back with a revised receipt of $24~. I give him my card, and another 10 minutes later he comes back with a receipt to sign, but now for $31?! I immediately ask for his manager and a different manager comes to our table who then listens to our whole negative experience. He apologizes, comps our food, and we only pay for our drinks. 

The manager did the right thing, but I'm a bit concerned about the way this new Kona Grill is being managed and the employees who are hired. It's definitely not the same level of service I have been receiving at Kona Grill the last 4 years, and I most definitely will not recommend this new location for at least another 6-12 months until they get some efficient work flow established. 

Corporate and owners of Kona need to pay attention, as I could hear others around me having bad experiences. Scottsdale Quarter is too good to mess up.

I get it is a new location and there are some problems to work out, but this was bad. Kona Grill at Scottsdale Quarter needs some help, quick.笑
We were invited to the Soft Opening at Kona Grill and it was Fantastic!! The atmosphere is elegant yet casual, with lots of fun dramatic visual ambience! The staff was Superb- our server Juan was wonderfully attentive & eager to assist with choices off the menu. We were treated to many options off the menu- and with a group of four we were able to explore Many!!! Everything we had was delicious, fresh and pleasantly presented! We had options off the sushi menu as well as the standard fare. Sushi was fresh and flavorful! All in all the whole experience as Fabulous!! We meet the General Manager Thomas who was super proud of the establishment and staff!! Who can blame him...they've done an Superb job with selections on the menu as well as the fine staff! Kudos Kona Grill! I will be a Regular!!笑
The service: Janay was an absolute delight. Her personality was warm and welcoming. We didn't ever have a moment where our drinks were empty or wonder "where on earth is our food". She updated us on the status of our food multiple times. 
 She went above and beyond to make our visit as relaxing and enjoyable as possible! Hope to get her again when we come back!
The food: We ordered the Dragon roll, lobster shrimp roll, and coconut shrimp roll. I have only had sushi this incredible at one other location!!! If I could give it a rating of 10 stars I would. 
The atmosphere: The place is so  aesthetically appealing. No harsh or obnoxious lighting. The music isn't overwhelmingly loud either. The only thing I would say could be improved on is employee clustering around the bar area. Other then that the Manager came by 3 times to see how we were doing! 

I will definitely recommend this restaurant to others!笑
Can I say YUM! Everything I order from the starter to the dessert was great. The atmosphere was really nice also, my husband didn't wanted to go at first but after the meal he had  he rated it a 10 star.笑
Came here to get some happy hour, hostess sat us down. Took 10 minutes for a server to ask us if we wanted something to drink. I asked her for the happy hour menu and was told that happy hour was only on the lounge area. Took her another 5 minutes to figure out where to move us when half the lounge tables were empty. She sat us down, and never came back. Anyways.... we left and went to Roka Akor.笑
It's 11 o'clock and your neighbor in the cubicle next you already ordered from Door Dash and is chowing down on some delicious food that smells amazing. He suddenly is bragging about the speed of service from Door Dash and the satisfaction he is getting from his food. You suddenly feel the need to compete so you open up your UBEREATS APP and place an order real quick from a local restaurant (Kona Grill)...and this is your review..

I ordered their Big Kona cheeseburger with fries for my main entree and was expecting a typical cheeseburger and typical fries. To my surprise the burger tasted amazing I could tell the burger beef was quality. The burger was a little overcooked, but keep in mind I'm really really picky. The bun was above average and the fries were above average as well. Since this order was through UBEREATS I was expecting the presentation and quantity to be lower than normal, however , they still included a lot of fries and the burger wasn't a mess. I'd definitely order this again for lunch. 

In addition to my burger, I wanted to satisfy my afternoon salty burger sweet tooth with a slice of carrot cake. The carrot cake came in two huge slices with this delicious sauce and extra walnuts. If I was just rating the cake, this would review would get 5 stars. 

This place over all is pretty good, while it isn't my favorite food stop at High Street, it's for sure got a fighting chance.笑
Stopped in for gals night out Happy Hour  on a summer Friday eve.  This new location in The Scottsdale Quarter was hopping.  Park in the garage directly across the street from Kona as street parking is difficult. We sat in a spacious booth that can sit six.  There is a huge bar and varied seating options in this spacious venue.  We ordered draft beers, wine and appetizers.  The sushi rolls were fresh, the calamari hot and the avocado stuffed egg rolls delish.  Our server was excellent and all staff we encountered were friendly.笑
Came here on a whim while in the Fashion Square area. Originally just came to use the bathroom and leave lol but the decor and vibe caught our attention to just give it a shot.

My date and I sat at the bar, got a warm friendly welcome and immediately greeted. 

We got a bottle of wine and shared 2 appetizers. The satay chicken and the spicy shrimp tempura. 

Spicy shrimp tempura - good portion of little nicely cooked shrimp coated w a slightly spicy sauce, very tasty

Satay chicken - juicy chicken, good portion. Comes with a cabbage slaw, peanut sauce and hoisin sauce. Cabbage slaw was good. The sauces, yes both, were packed with flavor but very salty. It's like I wanted to dip my chicken in the sauce for the nice flavor but could only dip the smallest corner bc it was so salty. 

Only complaint was the salty sauce but would come back. More so for happy hour tho