Just wanna let the vegetarians know that they are not vegetarian friendly. Although they offer vegetarian options, they use the same utensils on vegetarian and meat items. I'd stick to the sushi if I were you.笑
It was their grand opening.  They had complimentary samples of various food items like pizza, mini sliders, mini rice cups with curry or Korean beef, etc.  Beau's beer and some wine vendors were on hand providing samples as well.  Otherwise, drinks were half-priced and regular sized food items were available for purchase.

It was an awkward mix of people who were actually purchasing food and those who were in attendance for the freebies.  This event could definitely have been better organized.  There was a private area in the back and I actually heard a woman (I assume she was somewhat important) yell at two of the servers for bringing the food out to the wrong place.  It was a gong show at times when servers were practically mobbed by people who wanted samples of free food.  

I noticed there were protesters outside handing out pamphlets.  Did you know Richtree got rid of everyone from their old location (they were unionized workers) and have reopened just a stone's throw away, with non-unionized workers?  It's sad, but maybe that's how they got "Rich" in the Richtree.  

Zero stars for being the big, bad business.  1 star for poorly run event. 2 stars for decent "natural" food choices.  4 stars for the bar.笑
I went by the Eaton Centre location today and many protesters were standing near the entrance. I learned that when Richtree renovated their location they fired full time employees, one who had worked there over 20 years, and replaced with part time workers. Shame on them! I will go to the other end of the mall for my next meal.笑
Decor/Atmosphere: It basically is an elegant version of Eaton Centre's food court "Urban Eatery." There are different stations with different food cuisine like the bar, the grill, Italian, Asian and dessert. You can pay for the food at the stations, sometimes they bring it to your at your seating area, or you can pick it up from the pick up stations, or just get it from the food station itself. 

Menu/Food: The bar has typical bar food from nachos, hummus platter to chicken wings etc. The grill has different types of burgers, Italian has pizzas, and Asian has a small variety of Asian cuisine. 

My friend and I ordered, burgers (one classic, and one Korean) with garlic Parmesan fries, and nachos. I have to say I was highly disappointed in the food, especially the taste. The burgers were flavourless, and bland...you couldn't really taste the meat in the burger as the red onions were over powering. The burger patties didn't have much salt or pepper, and the buns were very mediocre. The fries were overly drenches with garlic, and the biggest disappointment of the night were the nacho. It was basically a plate with small, mostly pieces of broken nacho chips, with diced up tomatoes and onions, and guacamole. The diced of tomatoes and onions was suppose to be a "salsa", and although I'm sure it's made fresh and from scratch the chef or the staff who made that "salsa" probably needs to watch youtube videos on how to make "salsa"...there was no saucy component in the salsa what so ever. It was bland, and the same goes for the guacamole...it just looked like mashed up avocados. When you google search nachos, that's what you expect nachos to be, however I have no idea what this was. I felt as if it was a joke or something because how do you screw up nachos? 

Customer Service: Servers, chefs, and other staff at each station were friendly and helpful. Differently a newer, younger generation compared to the previous Richtree. 

Price: The price is decent, the exact same price you would expect at any food court. 

Overall: I am not sure if I would go back because I can get a better burger at McDonald's or Burger King. They definitely need to revamp their food by adding in more flavour, and work on the presentation. I genuinely was not pleased with the food, so displeased that I discussed my dissatisfaction with the manger (Jordyn), who was very nice and offered a complete refund. Perhaps in the near future I can consider going back, but would have to read positive reviews on yelp first!笑
Decent food court better then most in a mall.笑
Don't do it! Don't be lured by all their lobster fest food pics on line. It doesn't taste nearly as good as it looks! Ok just to be fair, I only tried the lobster Ramen. 

We came to Marché for their lobster fest (only available at the eaton centre location) and I was thoroughly disappointed. If it's not one thing, it's another. 

Let start with the broth, there is a slight hint of lobster taste but is was very salty. The texture of ramen was inconsistent, I had pieces of noodles that were harder than the rest.  The mushrooms were a bit bitter while the bean sprouts in the ramen was completely raw! I really like blanch or stir fry bean sprout in my ramen but definitely not raw sprouts.  Lastly, the lobster, it was not the greatest in quality or quantity. And here's the killer, it cost $20 plus tax. 

I've paid $25 for a bowl of pork ramen that tasted just average in Copenhagen and in comparison, I'm much happier paying the $25 in Copenhagen than the $20 lobster ramen at Richtree Marché.笑
Not actually that good of a selection. Overpriced for the quality which is mediocre. Stay away from happy bowl.笑
I luv the gourmet BURGER grill, with bacon, avocado, radish and seasoned fries. I think I could have it 3 times a day so delicious.

I'm now hungry, goodbye!笑
Used to come to this place quite a bit untill one day during a lunch rush me and my sisters had sat at a table where I suppose the workers use on their break. One of the workers who has a scruffy beard and works in the Sandwich area was quick to tell us that we were ridiculous and that it was the season for giving not taking because we had pulled an extra table aside so my sister could sit next to us! Hello. Three people can not sit at a table of 2! I emailed Head office but of course heard from nobody.

Will never give this place any of my time ever again.笑
Ate at Pizzaria Bosco. Ordered the Hearth Special

Pros:
Reasonably priced
Fast
Creative pizza selections
Apparently high quality ingredients 

Cons:
Pizza was dry
Not enough sauce

Warning: sausage was pretty spicy (and I like spice)

Overall: if you want pizza, go to a pizza place, not richtree market. I don't think it's possible to be a specialist at everything.笑
Pricey but normal food. I was on my way to the food court when I saw this place. I should have just kept walking right past it. I spent $18 at the butcher shop. Three strips of beef, half a hand full of potatoes and mushrooms and a pop. The meat was okay. The sides were okay. Mehh. Nothing special. I would rather eat downstairs笑
Super satisfied with their pastries, especially the chocolate brownies with ganache. Definitely the tastiest brownies I've ever tasted!! And I'm so surprised that the price is also affordable, only $2.35!! You'll get a big square piece brownies. I'll try their ice cream and pie next time.笑
This is all right for a quick lunch, definitely a notch higher than going to the chaotic Urban Eatery. I tried the Queen Street deli however, I found my meal to be a little bit overpriced-- about 12 dollars for a small panini and a can of San Pellegrino. The other time I tried their coffee and it was actually good, but the pecan tart was too sweet with a very thick crust. The pastries and sweets look very tempting on the counter display, and I would come here again next time I'm at Eaton Center.笑
This is one of my favourite places for wings. They are amazing! The serivce is fast and the place is clean. Would definitely recommend trying it.笑
I specifically went to get the free Parmesan Truffle Fries. I ordered the Korean Burger and it was quite good. Perfectly cooked so it was slightly pink inside and the bun and toppings were quite nice. At $7.99 though I think it's a little over priced but burgers these days are getting quite expensive. All in all, it was a good meal but I wouldn't pay full price.

I enjoy grabbing lunch here because there's usually a fair amount of seating and there are a variety of restaurants to choose from but generally I find everything to be a little expensive but I guess that's what you get for downtown Toronto. I usually only buy lunch once every couple of weeks so it's a nice treat.笑
I go there every morning to have my coffee and muffin. One day I. Forgot my cell (iPhone6s plus) there and some one returned it as one of their employee told me but they never returned my cell back to me. The manager said someone else Claimed while couple of their workers knew me very well so they knew it was mine... i even talked to.the person who returned my cell there.. Their stories never matched...dishonesty.. only one of their employee was honest..笑
Had a gross gritty and not seasoned cheeseburger, and my friend had the rosti and smoke salmon.

The rosti tasted like raw potAto. Don't waste your time here.笑
I had some gift cards for Richtree and figured after a year I should probably use them up. I took a walk around the place, impressed with the amount of selection they have. I ended up getting the red curry rice bowl with pork. It was actually pretty good, with a surprising spice level for mall food. The only thing that was strange was the pork was served in a huge piece instead of cut up. 

Overall, I don't think I'd return just because there's much better places in Toronto to eat at for lunch. However, if you're spending the day shopping at the Eaton centre and want to eat in the mall, I'd definitely recommend it.笑
Came to the Eaton centre with friends and was simply not in the mood to venture downtown to find a restaurant, so we just decided to try the Richtree. The food was above average for a food court.
Myself and a friend both got burritos. The appeal of the station alone made us want to go. The burritos were made pretty quickly, with only a 2-minute wait after ordering.
I got the chipotle beef burrito, which was okay. The beef wasn't spicy at all, which I guess is great for some people, but I personally am a fan of spicy foods so I was a little disappointed. There was no hint of the chipotle in its name. They do offer bottles of hot sauce at the pick-up window though which I liked. My friend ordered the chicken, which was great, perfectly spicy, and juicy, so if you are stuck between the two, pick the chicken.
The rice in the burrito seemed to be a little undercooked, as it was a bit 'crunchy' and not quite what you would expect for rice in a burrito. The salsa was fresh, again, not spicy. My only major complaint is the price. The burrito itself was a bit small for the nearly $12 that it costs, including taxes. Otherwise, I liked the Richtree, and would consider coming back to try meals from other vendors!笑
10.99 lobster roll should be renamed to 'cucumber salad with a hint of lobster' roll with lettuce and chips on the side. Seriously it's not about the price but I've had better lobster roll like the food truck (can't remember the name) for the same price.笑
WOWZA!! This place offers every type of food you'd crave for... All natural/organic and made in-house... with a very cheerful bunch of staff and managers! I swear they are just all smiles.

A freaking huuuuuuge selection of food to choose from: pizza, burgers, sandwiches, salads, tacos, rosti, steak, ramen, sushi, seafood, a breakfast station, coffee, gelato, crepes/waffles, a juice station and even their own grocery store! 

It's.. literally.. a town of it's own!!! OH MAN, did I mention they also have a full bar?笑
To call this place 'market eating' is a little out of place. It's essentially just a food court, I had a salad, I could not work out if it was pay per bowl or weight, nor could I work out how much it was going to cost me, it tasted OK but nothing to write home about, for a food court in a shopping mall it's ok, but compared to other market style restaurants (like Marché on yonge st) it's not impressive.笑
This isn't Marche.  It is more like a second upscale food court at the opposite end of the Eaton Centre.  That said, as far as food courts go, it has some decent options.  The bowls are very generously sized and decidedly more healthy than other options. At 7.99 - 9.99, they are also well priced. There is the obligatory pizza, sushi and some pasta options.

The decor is OK but again reflects the reality of being in a mall.笑
Great offerings, horrible customer service.  I went half an hour before their food mart closed, and I bought a cleansing juice for dinner.  While I checked out, the cashier with a black ponytail pointed at the 75% empty bottle of aloe juice on the side of my backpack and said, "I see that bottle too, but I won't tell anyone."

Before my meeting this guy, no one had accused me of shoplifting before.  I thought he was joking.  I said, "I bought this at Ollie Fresco's, which is a few buildings away."  I even showed him how it was almost empty.

At this point, he should have either been a good employee and sounded the alarm on the alleged shoplifter, or told me he was joking.  His response was to tell me I was probably a fast drinker.  He even pointed out where *his* aloe juice was.  "On the shelf, over there."

I was so angry, it didn't occur to me to ask for my money back and/or ask to speak his manager.  I just stewed and walked out with my dinner.笑
For food courts this is quite nice.  A bunch of choices from burritos, pizza, hamburgers, etc. which is nicer than McDonald's and the regular fast food fare.  There's also interactive tables and floor to entertain the kids. The tables are interesting but lights are really bright and sometimes the glare makes it hard to see what you are eating.   A dim switch or option to turn it off would be nice.笑
Well - Loved the Marche that was here before and since they didn't improve on that what we got after the year Reno was a great bar attached to 8 individual food stations; burgers & fries, noodles/Thai, sushi, pizza, bakery/coffee and sandwiches & salads. 

I've been here a number of times and really like the addition of the tacos ! 

The food is okay - some choices better than others and a little pricey for what you get in some cases. 

However I must say the selection of choices is far better at the north end food court !笑
Step out of Queen Station or the Hudson Bay into Eaton Centre and you'll see this Richtree location very clearly. It's a cool restaurant with the cutest taco truck in front! To be honest, I haven't been here for food because it's quite overpriced, but their coffee is the best coffee I've ever tasted! It doesn't taste burnt at all, it's super creamy, and you can add how much milk/cream/sugar that you prefer. If you're looking for something to eat, it's a better bet to just visit the food court (urban eatery), but I would definitely recommend giving their coffee a taste!笑
Ate lunch there today today... Chicken sandwich was yummy but the small salad was horrendous... Wilted and just looked old. Not to mention the manager was then completely unapologetic. My boyfriend ordered a burger and fries and it was delicious. Overall food is a hit or miss and service is blah.笑
No burger should be that big... There is such a thing as too much of a good thing. At least the size of my food provoked the cute guy next to me in line to make small talks about how hungover I must be to order such a huge burger ("with a fried egg and everything!!") and offer his approval (and sympathy?).  It was the middle of a workday... but thank you good-looking stranger for having such faith in me. 

There was no physical possibility for me to fit the burger in my mouth, but the process of dissecting it with a knife and fork really dampened my eating experience. It allowed me to distinguish just how tasteless every ingredient tasted, from the patty to the egg to the bun. The fries turned out to be soggy and oily so I didn't really give it much a chance. 

The grill was assembly style and aside from the male cashier who was efficient in the order taking, I watched and realised the rest of the line didn't really have much clue what they were doing. 

Overall an interesting and oddly memorable experience... Tell me I did not review a burger at a market eatery in such detail!

WYWH笑
This is a very healthy restaurant with a unique flair.  As you enter into the restaurant, you receive a dine in card or a take out card (if you take out, you do not have to pay the service charge).  Then you go around to different stations where you can treat yourself to Western omelettes, waffles with homemade maple syrup, crepes with a generous helping of fruits (get mixed berry!), hamburgers right off the grill, to even fresh sushi!  You simply hand them your card to get swiped for the item you received.  Then after you eat, you pay whatever was charged to your card. The Works Omelette is a very delicious and savory way to start your day.笑
my jaw dropped when got a look at this place. you mean it's all one big... thing? all these food places are all under richtree? that's ridiculous. they're basically operating an entire food court.

they did a good job furnishing this place up. some interactive areas of kids (I still get freaked out whenever I walk over that "lake" on the floor and the water ripples), lots of seating, and basically any kind of food you could ask for: a bar, a cafe, a deli, burritos, pizza, asian rice bowls, burgers... 

some neat perks include free wifi, express pick up (order on the kiosks and just pick up at the express station), and occasional samples.

I'm not going to claim that it's the next chef gordon ramsey hangout, but for tiding you over through your lunch rush, or if you're shopping and need a bite to eat, a very enjoyable experience indeed.笑
Lol I was craving pasta and happened upon the pasta station at lunch one day. Some poor European tourists also happened upon the pasta station and proceeded to order about 7 pasta meals (~$11). They came all the way to Toronto to eat food court pasta, GG son.

Tbh, the pasta tasted pretty good. I got the beef fettuccini alfredo. I also got the mango juice ~$3.29, which was good but watery.  I usually don't like dropping $15 on a food court meal, but I was feeling tired and shitty, so decided to ball out.

Moral of the story: If you're a tourist, don't buy food court pasta. Also, food court pasta tastes surprisingly good.笑
No complaints here - I can't speak for the whole menu or anything, but I stopped in for a slice of cheese pizza and it was amazing. Way better than Pizza Pizza.

They also had good seating and free wifi, so it's all good. Service was fast and friendly.笑
Ordered a cappuccino. One of the better cappuccinos I have had. My only complaint is that it was on the pricier side. About 5$ for a medium cappuccino. I also would have liked to see an option to add cinnamon or chocolate shavings to the drink, but the drink was fine enough without.笑
I've eaten here a few times while passing by (for convenience), and I've been consistently grossed out.  This is terrible tasting food court food.  

Pulled Chicken Poutine from Custom Grille: Really gross.  Tasted like bland gooey gelatin melted on fries with some leftover chicken.

Ramen: Pretty gross as well.  The noodles were clumpy and tasted less good than instant noodles.  Broth was very salty.  The boiled egg was inedible.

Clam Chowder from soup and sandwich place: watery with pieces of chewy things in it.  I can't tell if the chewy pieces are clam because they were tasteless.  Not a bad tasting soup, but it doesn't taste like clams and it's not creamy, not sure if it really qualifies as "clam chowder"...

Rotisserie Chicken from The Butchery: Very mediocre tasting chicken.  Their "rosti" is made of some completely unseasoned shredded potatoes.  For the same price, you can get better quality food from Swiss Chalet.笑
For some reason I had never been to this place before.  I've been to the Richtree Marche in the BCE place before and that place is different.  That was a card system where you'd pay at the end but this place is pay at the counter for each station.  Each station is then just cafeteria style ordering and paying.

This Richtree is in the area the old food court (one of them) used to be in the Eaton Centre close to Queen Street on the concourse level.  While there's still a variety of choices at this place such as a bar, pizza, grill, pasta, sushi etc it sort of has a feel like the other old Marche but it's more casual and less fancy.  I guess being underground sort of does that in a sense that there's no windows the seating is more public and the lighting just seems different.

Still this place is ok and I had ordered a bison burger at the grill for myself and my brother.  It was 13 bucks and it came with a side of fried potato sticks that at the end of the day were greasy as hell but that's probably what made them good.

My aunt ordered 3 rolls of sushi from the made to order sushi rolls and while they looked like the kind of pre-made kind the grocery stores sells they were better then that.  There was one of the three though (fried roll, with salmon?) that wasn't good.  It was like hard rice with salmon salad inside.  NOT good at all but the others were fine.

This place has a lot of variety if you're with a group of people that can't decide what they want and some of us ate not so long before coming which is why this place is sort of perfect for that.  You can have your choice of whatever you want in one place some of which will eat while others may just have a coffee etc.  

I did manage to find one table big enough to fit us all (6) that actually was big enough for maybe 10 or 12.  Most of the other tables are for 2 or 4 and maybe the round tables can fix 6 or so.

Decent variety, ok food, convenient location.  You can probably get better going to places that specialize in each thing but this is all under one roof so to speak...笑
I went to this place a couple weeks ago and swore I'd never come back, I was walking to my work and thought I'd pick up a coffee on the way. As I was waiting in line I looked at the workers and they were all bundled up in multiple layers. There was no heating, it was freezing and they looked miserable. Great Service, the coffee was ok, the muffin was disgusting, nothing like the old muffins and the breakfast sandwich was dry, no flavour, tasted like rubber.

So even though id swear I wouldn't go back, my coworker and I went in yesterday to grab a quick burger and nothing had changed still freezing. I got bacon cheese burger, it was great and the restaurant is bigger than I thought. all in all, the burger was great, the restaurant is pretty but thumbs down to management for not taking care of their workers.笑
More so 2.5 stars.

Ate here with a few friends. Not a lot of stations but feels like a step up from the good court downstairs. The popular ones being the Ramen station, the grill station, and the burrito station.

I purchased a pulled pork poutine from the grill station. The poutine was yummy and the quantity for the price felt ok (considering for the same amount I spent I could've gotten my friends dish which had a lot. Suffice to say, I had an ok time. Sat with friends, ate, chatted. I mean if you are in the mall and are looking for something different that the food court than you could try this.笑
Like any Richtree market restaurant, there is many stations with lots of food choices. They have a coffee and dessert bar, a soup bar, hot foods, bar  in the back,  and other ethic food stations. The quality is always pretty decent but the prices aren't friendly. A small soup comes in a tiny bowl and costs $6. Seriously?! i mean it tastes great and made fresh daily but even in a sit down restaurant it does not cost $6 for split pea soup or something hearty like that. I do like their Swiss coffee and applaud them for the variety but choices come with a price.笑
Crepes with salmon, creme cheese & dill are to die for!! Great experience and we are coming back for sure! Reminded me of Europe!笑
Got two of the new green smoothies yesterday. They were warm, partially blended and tasted like pure lemon juice. Awful experience.笑
Of all the yummy places to eat downtown... Why oh why did I have to end up here?!? 

Ordered the cha cha burger which was a huge disappointment. The burger patty does not taste of quality fresh beef whatsoever... And it was flavourless despite being juicy. The only good thing on my buyer was the jalapeño peppers. How mediocre! 

The service was horrendous. Never had I seen such a miserable group of employees! It looks like they hate their jobs, and they hate each other! 

I wish I had taken that as a sign off the bat and ran the other way!!! 

Worse $10 burger ever. Go to Big Smoke instead!笑
Had a burrito bowl on Monday for lunch and  by 10pm was puking and sh**ing my guts out for over 5 hours.  Stay far far away.


Follow up: received respectable response from Richteee management with sincere apologies and insistence that they take food safety very seriously. Was assured the matter would be followed up with. Appreciated the swift response and reaction from this company.笑
I always use Richtree catering for corporate and group events. Philip is incredibly accommodating and always gets the job done quickly, efficiently, and without error.笑
Great place to hang out at service was quick at the bar. They don't display many drink options besides the usual beer etc. I would recommend knowing what you want if you get a mixed drink before going. I had an Irish Coffee and found it very satisfying.笑
I took a seat at the very empty "glorified food court" aka "Richtree Market" and was planning on getting a slice of pizza or something else as soon as I had finished the last sips of my Starbucks iced coffee. 5 minutes after taking a seat, I was accosted by a crazy cleaner lady in her 50s who claimed she owned the restaurant (lol) and *tried* to kick me out while I was simply minding my own business, texting and finishing my Starbucks. I was waiting for a friend. She haughtily said "it's not a food court", implying that I can't just sit there. When she realized I wasn't budging and couldn't care less, she threatened to call security. I was like, bring it on! I live for this sort of drama.

NOTE to the business: if you are going to try to enforce a rule, then you have to do it to everyone, not just me. Singling out one person is discrimination. If I can point to people around me drinking Starbucks, and people not eating anything or even worse consuming their OWN FOOD (like 2 people at the counter) then I ain't going anywhere.

I would have LOVED if security came. I'm sure they would have had much more sense than she. Alas she was just BSing me.笑
We get the wood fired pizza, and it's great. We usually take it to go as well. It's a staple for our work!笑
So far I've tried the burger, tacos and pizza and have been really impressed with them all, just different enough on the food side to keep it interesting but also great seating and a half decent bar as well.  

For the burger i had pineapple as a topping which was delicious.  Tacos can be slathered with guac not as an extra charge.   The hearth pizza is a meat lovers but done with thin strips of meat and cooked perfectly. 

Some cool interactive tables and a fruit ninja wall make it fun for the kids too.笑
Looking for a quick, cheap place for us and the kids. Didn't disappoint. They have interactive games with soccer and fruit Ninja. Korean bowl with quinoa was very good. Burger with a fried egg on top nice too. Kids had pizza. Good spot for a quick meal in a food court type atmosphere.笑
Back again at the Ramen station but trying the spicy pork rice bowl. Nice that I was first in line just before 12pm. Time of order to food in hand is 6 minutes. Just over 10 bucks all in. Delicious! Can't wait to try their other options.笑
So many options and everything I've had so far was pretty darn good. It's a bit pricey, but it's so worth it. My favourite is the pizzeria with it's amazing blue cheese pizza. 
Recently there was a pretty good taco truck inside the court which was pretty neat.笑
This Richtree is located just outside of the TTC station inside Eaton Centre and it features quite a lot of different food stands within the restaurant itself. There's a taco truck, a Japanese cuisine booth, an Italian stand, a meats grill, a Vietnamese pho stand, etc. The prices were definitely on the high end (on average ~$15 for a lunch) for a casual, cafeteria style lunch. I settled for a lobster roll with pickle and chips - which was the lunch special for $12.99 + tax. The whole process is fairly quick even though most of the food is made when you order. There is plenty of sitting space and even some corners for younger children to play in, so it definitely gives off a chill and relaxed vibe.

It's a little more expensive than the food court downstairs, but you are paying a premium for a great selection in foods and essentially for more space to enjoy your meal.笑
Mind you I am only reviewing the ramen kiosk. I have given this place chance after chance but I just do not find the food good at all. The broth just tastes like salt water and the noodles look and taste like those out of instant noodle packs. Not to mention rude and emotionless employees. Try the ramen place in the food court. Cheaper and tastes WAY better too.笑
So I came here because I saw the happy hour special of $6 pints, $6 cocktails and a $6 pound of wings on a weekend during Christmas. I gotta eat so what better then to grab a drink after shopping.

I've never been here but was pleasantly surprised by how much it has to offer. They have a selection of "shops" here from Burgers to Asian fare to burritos and a bar. The bar serves mostly Canadian craft beer. I'd say the $6 Guinness for happy hour is the best deal but the craft beer selection is great too. They have some tvs to watch the game too!

The wings were pretty good. They are solid wings.

They have some systems set up on pillars for you to order like on a flat screen. What I'm wondering though is how they find you? Nevertheless I give credit to ingenuity.

Best deal, check-in offer of free truffle fries with a burger! This alone will have me come back.笑
Don't eat at Happy Bowl. The food is totally tasteless and expensive. The spring rolls are hard and chewy!! Ugh.笑
Richtree at the Eaton Centre recently underwent a huge makeover which brought it right up to date, with a fresh new look and different food options. The new restaurant takes up the entire space previously occupied by the Queen Street food court.

There are lots of options available, including sandwiches/paninis, coffee, pizza/pasta, burgers and noodle soup. Although the new food selection is very comprehensive, I miss some of the older options like pasta bolognese and curry chicken pasta, which I don't think are on the menu any more.

The new restaurant also has a full bar, which makes waiting around at the mall a lot less boring. Overall, a huge improvement. The only negative comment I have is that the music is WAY too loud and echoes throughout the restaurant. It makes it very difficult to enjoy a quick bite to eat and made me want to get out as quickly as possible. A solid three stars but with room for improvement.笑
Eek! Methinks not.
The food is overpriced and gross. They have something they claim is ramen (maybe they don't know any better), but of course it was overpriced by a lot and I could see it was not ramen noodles so we passed.
The chicken was so bland and mushy (yucky) that it was unbelievable. Normally when a food melts in your mouth it is a good thing but this felt like it was gross and pre-chewed. At those prices they can afford to serve good food, but it is a food court in Eaton Centre for transients so of course they won't. 
Disgusting and expensive.笑
VW Taco Truck: Horrible staff missed orders for 2 members of our party. I specifically said no cilantro (twice)...they added it anyway, but the worst was the 3 fish tacos were all batter. No fish! Overpriced tacos Never again.笑
This place is a severe ripoff.  I ordered a poutine to go for $8+ and it came in a laughable tiny box with 20 fries max with barely any cheese curds.  I really don't understand how they derive $8 worth of value from that.  Shamelessly cheap - it's no different than stealing from people.笑
When I first heard of this place it looked fairly quiet on the outside so I passed it until recently. What I didn't know was that it was huge on the inside!

It's a big food court with premium ingredients, and much better decor than the Eatons food court making it a great lunch spot. Prices are also quite premium approaching restaurant prices. 

I have had the Margherita pizza $7.99 and the classic burger $6.99 with Parmesan Truffle fries. (Free with yelp checkin).  The pizza crust was done to perfection with a thin crust. The burger was nothing to write home about but the hit of truffle oil in the fries with herbs and Parmesan made me eat the whole thing before even touching the burger!

Would make this part of my regular lunch rotation.笑
Cafeteria food, would rather go to the food court for better food and prices. Fries for the burgers tasted worse than frozen fries.