Service was the best part of the meal.  And it was not very good.  I did get the quality of food for what I paid.  The biscuits and gravy were pasty and very flavorless.  The hash browns were perfectly golden on one side and white and oily on the other.  The eggs were done well, but they could not save the meal.  Will only be back if I am very hungry and have NO transportation.笑
Ordered the prime rib medium, came out bloody red and cold, green beans ice cold, baked potato warm. Concerned that the food here is not being stored at the correct temps.

Wife and mother-in law had to send theirs back for same reasons, took 10 minutes longer to get the food back out. Good taste, just don't want to get ill.笑
Me and my mom have been going here the past 2 years i grew up just behind boulder station as it was being built never have had a problem with the service except one time with a server my mom had a drink coupon and slid it close to the end of the table and that particular server quickly slid it back in front of my mom and did not accept it which was fine but was very rude about it... but we had brought attention to the manager the next time we visited...I myself work with the public so i understand how difficult their jobs can be but overall i give 5 stars becuase i believe buisnesses deserve positive attention for great work and all the servers now and staff are great!!!笑
What sets this restaurant apart from other local casino "café" style eateries is the top quality of the beef. It's amazingly tender with the perfect balance of fat to meat. I've probably eaten here dozens of times and I keep coming back  - mostly for their $6.99 burger special (with fries, huge pickle slices, tomato and onion)  - that would literally cost up to $50 at snazzier places on the strip. 

Their huge roast beef dinner special ($11.99 with veggies, & choice of baked, mashed or fries)  melts in your mouth, and so does the grilled New York strip steak, with crispy onion strings, potatoes and vegetables $14.49) Note: avoid the $9.99 steak special as the meat is not as tender.

I've also had their meatloaf, the roast lemon and herb chicken (both $9.99 served with the same sides as the NY steak). These were just OK. Their club sandwich is gigantic, perfectly cooked bacon, tasty thinly sliced turkey, tomato, lettuce & mayo, totally yummy - $8.49.

Other reviewers complain about the service , I'm at a loss to understand this- I can only think of one time I had a real issue with a rude and incompetent server. My food has always been served hot, and only once did I send a steak back to be cooked as ordered.

Many of my friends love this place too, and they've ordered various sandwiches, soups and dinners and almost always enjoyed everything. Haven't done breakfast here.笑
Love this place! Just got a chicken fried steak (Flintstone's size) with yummy mash potatoes and mixed vegis. They have Prime rib dinner for only $9.99, and it is delicious! Everything that the waitresses walked by our table with looked amazing. This place make me wish I was a cow with four stomachs, so I could pick four meals! They even have a bogo check in deal right now.笑
We decide to go see Mockingjay 2 & then grab a bite to eat.  My girl had club sandwich and I had the prime rib special, I not a fan of green beans but I ate them all. I upgraded to sweet potato fries and the waitress even gave us extra that they had made. Coffee was hot and fresh and our waitress was was very attentive.  
We were full for desert but took home pastries from the case they look so good, we have them for breakfast.笑
My boyfriend and I always come here during the night. We go often actually. He usually get the male server Dylan. I cannot remember exactly but he is decently good. One time we had horrible service but when we requested a new server Dylan came and rescued our meal. We always get the shrimp cocktail & I'll get the banana fosters or steak breakfast. Everything is super delicious.笑
my husband and I are becoming regulars here. it's right up the street from my work and it's always open. it's perfect for when I get off work at 11pm. I haven't taken any pics yet but I will next time we go. I like the grilled sour dough turkey sandwhich, it's very similar to the super bird at Dennys except it's way yayyyyyyyyy fatter. and I usually add a side salad with ranch, my husband gets steak or prime rib, it's always been great so far and you cannot get the price, especially if you have a players card and use your points. we have yet to have a bad experience here. our server Donna who we have had twice now is awesome, she very attentive and friendly and informative and welcoming. and she remembered that I am obsessed with ranch lol. I enjoy the grand cafe, more than the buffet or the Mexican food place at boulder. it's affordable, it's good, good service and it's always open. I can't wait til we go back!!!!笑
like a fancy dennys . theyre banana cream pie is a must .笑
We got seated quickly. The food was good. The price was good. And the wait staff was very friendly and helpful. Great place for a quick cheap meal in the middle of the night.笑
Great food, good prices and the atmosphere is nice for a cafe service is ok but I don't expect much from a small cafe and food presentation is nice笑
Great food friendly staff. We got seated and our drink orders taken quickly. It took a little longer than normal for the food to arrive, but it was so delicious there were no complaints.

If you have an hour to sit back and relax for a meal with friends, I would definitely recommend Grand Cafe.

Excellent crispy shoe string fries and coffee.笑
This place is off the strip and STILL more than you would think to pay for regular food, but whatever. Service is horrible and according to fam that have been a few times, it always is. People were seated 10+min after us and got their food before us. Not like we ordered hard stuff, a club sandwich, not toasted, a Cobb salad, that was pretty small for reg size salad, and an omelette. Had to ask to get my water filled and it only got filled once. There was only one other table with people when we first arrived in our server's area. When we got our lemons for our water one was already used...gross. Makes me really think that some places do reuse their stuff that comes back to kitchens after guests leave. It took our server 15min just to grab us some to go boxes. The avocados that came with my salad looked nice from one side but when I flipped them over they were gross and all brown. Then it took him 10min to bring new avocado, and still left an empty glass of water. If  u expect a tip, I expect good service, be paid attention to, and my water glass to have water in it. Just be attentive! If there were more food spots in the area, I would go elsewhere but there isn't being off the strip.笑
I had been to the Grand Cafe a couple of times before writing this review.  I didn't want to seem unfair after just one visit since it has reopened. I had been several times in the past and loved it, for inexpensive food. But they closed and the location became a Coco's. A little while back the Coco's closed down and the Grand Cafe reopened. My wife and I were so excited. We gave it a try expecting the good food at low prices we had gone back again and again for. We went back again a few nights ago to have dinner with some friends. I am sorry to say that both my wife and I are very disappointed.

The Grand Cafe is clean; as a matter of fact it is very clean. I give them a lot of credit for that. But the restaurant itself is just kinda drab. It looks OK, but nothing jumps out at you.

The service is spotty. Sometime they are very attentive, and other times they are not. This was the same when the Grand Cafe was there before the Coco's and seems to be the same now. The other night I finished my beverage 3/4 of the way through dinner and was not asked if I wanted a refill until I was being handed the check; well after we had all finished and were ready to depart.

The taste of the food seems not to be very good any more. I have had the meatloaf & the Prime Rib. The veggies with both dishes were pretty good. The potatoes with each dish were OK as well, but nothing to write about. The meatloaf was very, very bad. The meat had been highly over mixed and had a almost slimy texture to it. There was no flavor to it at all. I had to add massive amounts of salt just to make it palatable. My wife had gotten the spaghetti and meatballs that night. They were awful. The sauce was sickly sweet and the meatballs were just like my meatloaf; disgusting. The other night I had ordered my Prime Rib medium rare. It came out medium well. And after it was cut, they had thrown on the grill. There was no pink to it at all. It was charred in some places and looked more like a stark that a Prime Rib. The flavor was acceptable, but just. All in all I am going to try my best to avoid going back. If friends want to go I will go again, but I will try to talk them out of it.笑
Don't even try going there pst 10:30 pm. The service is horrible. I sat at the counter for 15 minutes with hardly anyone in the restraint on aug. 31, 2016, and no service. Instead, I went to the professionals at dumb burger king.笑
A nice Diner.  Have had good service 90% of the time.  Their NY steak is very delicious, tastes fresh, and is a healthy portion at a good price.  The shrimp cocktail and wedge salad are also very tasty.  The only downside is having to walk through the casino smoke to get there.  Once inside the restaurant, smoke is not a problem.笑
Boulder Station (and the other Stations) got rid of Coco's and have brought back their "Grand Cafes". Look, Boulder Station is basically 5 minutes from where I live, so if I feel the need for a quick, cheap dinner on the fly - Boulder Station it is. Since BS brought back the old Grand Cafe I figured I might as well give it a go, along with my parents.

First off, the menu is basically the same old cafe menu you'll see anywhere. Breakfast (served 24-hours), main dishes, sandwiches, and desserts. Not a whole lot going on here, but hey, it's just a normal little cafe.

The service is far improved from Coco's. Whenever I went here in the past the hostess was rude, the waiters were mediocre, and you had to wave down people constantly to get refills or anything for that matter. Our waiter was a very nice guy, but he did not refill drinks and he did not come back to ask us how our meal was. He showed up at the beginning and he showed up at the end. It's just a good thing I wasn't super thirsty and only drank one glass of tea... speaking of the tea...

It was bland and it needs work. If you're going to serve tea, at least get it right. Mine and my mother's were too watery, too much ice. On to the food, my father ordered a spinach and mushroom omelet. It came out looking EXACTLY like the picture in the menu and my dad said it was really good. My mother and I ordered the $8.99 Prime Rib Special. My mom got french fries, I got mashed potatoes (mmm the gravy on the potatoes was delish!). The prime rib was cooked perfectly and it was BIIIIG. No skimping on their prime ribs here. It was served with veggies (meh) and au jus, as well as horseradish. 

So overall I'm pleased with the Grand Cafe and will return many times because it is so close, convenient, and hey, if my parents are going to pay the bill for a meal - I am down.笑
I've been to grand cafe at least 18 times as my check ins advised me lol

They cater to seniors and the service and food has always reflected that IMO. I think that demographic can be hard to please but the staff does a good job. I've never had a long wait and I've also never had the same server more than a couple of times. I've also always had consistently good service with minimal wait time for food and prompt refills. When I want "American" comfort food I come here.

I usually get nachos, wings, chili cheese fries, or one of their soups to start. Their cream of mushroom and clam chowder are surprisingly good.

I usually get prime rib 11.99 or the chicken fried steak for an entree. The dinner 9.99 or breakfast 7.99/8.99 version are both delicious. One comes with eggs and hash browns and the other comes with a veggie and a starch. Depending on when you go the prime rib can not be so good. I mean if it is late don't count on getting a medium when you want a medium. I think it's a great value if you go early.

Their sandwiches are all good also!

I love the prices and how consistent it is. 

I recommend this place to everyone for a go to solid place when you aren't trying to spend a lot of money. 

I recommend their mashed potatoes as a side with country gravy.

Also if your nice they'll let you have two starches if you don't like veggies.笑
I was just eating the my breakfast I ordered from here. And I took a bite of my hash brown and found a hair cooked into my hashbrown, I had to catch myself and not throw up on the table. Yup I will never return here, and of course it was taken off my bill.笑
Came in for the Corn Beef and Cabbage,, which by the way, was really good. My Aunt and Uncle invited me to their favorite Casino restaurant for this meal. Now here is the reason I can't give (5) Five Stars,, one of the reasons my Aunt/Uncle invited me was because they had accumulated "free dinner" coupons,, in fact they explicitly informed waitress of intention to pay with said coupons/points,, but upon finishing meal and going to cashier,, they were told coupons can't be used on holidays. Today is St Patrick's day? When did a day that the City/Government/County work become a holiday? Answer: "we just implemented "
What if we couldn't pay? I guess we'd be washing plenty of dishes笑
if you go after 1am,the chef,and waitress SUCK big time. They don't cook anything right,and she is a B****笑
This place would be 4 stars if the service was better, I think that everyone has complained about the service. We waited 20 minutes after being seated just to get our drink order. Then had to chase the waiter down to get the check. 

The prime rib was very nice, the potato was huge, and very good. The cheese eggs were very good as well. I enjoyed the food, just the service sucked.笑
The servers took like 10 mins to say hello when I sat down. And Julie seems really angry about her job and the coupons people bring in she was going off with someone in the back about it.
Food was good and quick once we ordered笑
Stopped by for a midnight meal. Ordered the Chicken Fried Steak Dinner and a bowl of Chili Cheese Fries (I'm a gluten for punishment). For was tasty, hot, and plenty of it. The party ordered the Shrimp Cocktail and the Mac & Cheese, and a order of Oriental Chicken Salad. All was good. The only draw back was the service was a little slow, but for 3 am, not to bad. Place was packed.笑
My husband and I absolutely love this local restaurant! It's open 24/7, great prices, and amazing food. We love the buffalo sandwich and egg skillet special. The service is always excellent as well, very professional and quick. We'll keep coming again and again!笑
Husband and I ordered a late breakfast. He had belgian waffle breakfast, I has the corned beef hash. 
The bad: Corned beef hash was nothing special, tasted like the stuff you get out out a can. My hash browns were blond, rather firm, and possibly starting to turn bad... They had that slightly-off taste. My husband's scrambled eggs were watery (not runny, but surrounded by liquid). The belgian waffle was also cold by the time it came out... It had obviously sat in the window for a while while my food was bring prepared. 
The good: fresh, hot coffee (they left the thermos pot on the table, which was nice), sausage links were fine, waffle was fine, my food was piping hot when it came out. 
The total came to $26, which is more than the meal was worth, considering the poor quality of the breakfast food.笑
The food, service, hours, price- all perfect. Donna was our server and she was on top of it. Also, such a sweet women- definitely has the southern hospitality kind of personality and service. I had a turkey and bacon sandwhich and my boyfriend had a burger- no complaints from either of us. Great for a late night snack after a night on the town!笑
I came to the grand cafe a few months ago with my boyfriend. We had horrible service and disappointing food. We made a complaint that night. We finally got a call back about it yesterday. The manager offered to 'take care of us' the next time we come in. So we went today. The manager met us at the host desk, shook our hands and led us to our table. I was confused, was it a free meal? discounted? I had no idea. I got a burger and my bf had a steak dinner. The food was much better than last time but nothing to get excited about. The service was better too. But the waitress never said 'you're welcome' after I thanked her for refilling drinks.  It's a pet peeve. then the check came and my bf said 'the manager will take care of it' she seemed to know the situation and took the check away. We continued to sit at the table waiting for the manager to come by and discuss the bill or at least say something. But he never came by. So we started to leave. As we were walking out, the manager stopped us, shook our hands and said have a nice day. that was it. He was not rude but the whole thing was confusing and awkward.笑
You can't beat the prices and you can't beat the friendly staff. I love coming here, mostly for the nostalgia. I've been coming to Boulder Station since childhood and its nice to see them keep up with the place.笑
When visiting Las Vegas you always look for the 24/7 cafes. Driving by, I spotted Boulder Station. I can remember playing Black Jack here years ago. The place seems like a place for locals.

The service was good, and the food wasn't bad at all. A large T-Bone with 3 Eggs just 13.99.

Not bad.笑
The prime rib special is great ! Have had it many times always have to take 1/2 of it home笑
I felt very unwelcome here. The hostess barely made eye contact and looked annoyed. She even handed me the menus instead of walking me to my seat. Then I waited for a while before any server would acknowledge me. I waved to one waiter who was standing around and he waved back at me and smiled before walking away. Then I left.笑
My friend swear by the $11.99 prime rib.  His shirt should have read "Follow the me to a big juicy slab of medium rare MEAT." All I can say it wasn't bad, made me super full and the Bloody Mary helped to wash it down! I really like the waitress, she was just as sweet as pie!笑
If I could give no stars, I would.  Worst dining experience ever.

My fiance and I stood at the hostess' stand for nearly five minutes before the hostess decided to seat us.  Then we waited ten minutes for someone to take our drink order.  I ordered the roasted lemon herb chicken.  When it came, it was visibly incorrect - it had clearly been grilled and smelled like chemicals.  When I peeled the skin away, it seemed okay... so I ate a little bit.  Then I dug deeper.  To my absolute horror, the chicken gushed blood and the looked like jell-o.  It was RAW.  Of course, my waitress was nowhere to be found, so I found someone else to take it back to the kitchen and grab the manager.  Meanwhile, my fiance had a chicken fried steak.  It was cold and tough.  

Ten minutes went by and the manager still hadn't visited the table.  Worse yet, our waitress decided it was time to go home... and we weren't assigned another waitress.  We had to go find someone ourselves to get the check and have my meal taken off.  

I hunted down the manager, who was apologetic about the situation, but didn't offer any practical solutions to the situation.  She didn't seem to think it was a problem that the waitress had left work without reassigning the table, and she tried to defend the chef who made the chicken.  I couldn't believe it.  If you are out of something, fine.  Let me know and I'll pick something different.  Do NOT serve me something you pull out of the freezer and try to cook really, really quickly.  You could kill someone that way. 

I hope I don't get sick.笑
12am-6am late night deals are the best with a boarding pass. I had the chicken fried steak for 4.99!! Huge freakin serving and the waitress was super funny.笑
Formally Coco's, now the Grand Cafe. 

I'm a few miles away from Boulder Station and came to have something to eat right quick. I didn't feel like anything else that was open in the area or cooking. Metro Pizza sounded great but they were already closed, so I went next door. 

The place looks much more nice than the Coco's that use to occupy this space. All the tables were set nicely, new paintings on the wall, and smiles on the employees faces. The service was very good. My drink was constantly full and I got my appetizer soup promptly after ordering. 

The menu had reasonable prices and the food looked great. The Prime Rib Special looked very good, but that is until 11pm and it was already after midnight. Instead I went with a Bacon Cheeseburger with seasoned fries. The burger was a very good size and filling, I didn't even finish it! It came with thick cut bacon, slice of cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions. The fries were hot and good. 

Overall, the food was basic and good. What stood out most was the service they provided. They are really putting in a good effort to make this place more customer friendly with excellent service. I will revisit and try the Prime Rib next time.笑
Came here for the first time last night , not my first choice. I got the steak with potatoes and shrimp, it was good but nothing I haven't tried before. Maybe if they made there own sauce or something but the steak was good. It was just hard to cut , wish my steak would cut itself. Overall customer service was great, food was good not great but not sure if I would come back here.笑
The proportion of the food is reasonable but the quality is alright. I order the T-bone Streak cook at medium rare was actually towards well done. The meat is dry and not tender. It was thin, but the bright side was is only 9.99

While the chicken sandwich was exceptionally better because the chicken was fried.笑
Only thing I ever had here was the prime rib which delicious for the price of $11.99. Their cream of mushroom soup is also very delicious. Sometimes the prime rib is inconsistent sometimes it's dry or too salty. This cafe has really bad signal for cell phones. One to no bars at best.  Servers are nice and attentive. Overall, a good joint for some prime rib.笑
The grand cafe food is wonderful - the service is very poor.  We waited in line longer to give them our money than we did sitting and eating our food!  I wish we could give you folks four stars, but service is a great deal apart of eating!!!笑
Graveyard server is absolutely shitty, sat for almost 15 minutes and got no service what so ever. It'd be one thing if it was busy but there was only one other table in the entire place(sitting right next to us) and he went up to them, even though they were seated way after us and still completely ignored us. Shitty ass service!笑
Good food. Some of it is very good
Kevin is great. Personable, friendly, and extremely on the ball.笑
Just needed a quick meal and chose this place on a whim. Good food. Good service. Simple and reliable. I was very happy with our visit and our waitress Amber.笑
I've been coming to this café off and on for years. They have done recent improvements to their menu and they are worth checking out if you want some traditional diner food.

The Station Cafes have seen good days and bad days. Heck, at one point they changed them all to Cocos (that was the worst of days), and I'm happy to report they have steadily been going back up hill.

They have added some new things to the menu like Loco Moco and a killer chicken cordon blue sandwich. They have one of the best Cobb Salads I know of (they make their own creamy French dressing for it), and their prime rib is relatively low priced and consistently good. They are running specials now at all times, like Steak and Shrimp for $10, Cheeseburger and fries for $6, etc. The specials also now come with a soft drink so they are a pretty good deal. If you are a later night or early morning person they usually have some very low priced graveyard specials that run from midnight to 6am.

One thing that this place has always has is very good service. Their servers have always been very friendly and I have family members that come here mainly for that reason. They also have very reasonable prices.

If you haven't been here in a while, I would recommend coming back and trying their food again. If you are in the area and feel like a café or diner, this place is worth trying.笑
Surprisingly decently good service and food for 1am. The waitress was super friendly and the food came out in roughly 15 minutes. I ordered The Cafe Surf & Turf which was great, came with green beans and I opted for French Fries.笑
I got the best service I've received in any casino since I've lived here in Vegas. The waitress was so nice she's been arranged to bring a Hot Toddy to my table when she over heard that I needed one. 

All the things that's great but I have to especially brag on the cheesecake... It was extremely rich with fresh strawberries and three times bigger than anywhere else.笑
We had the best dinner tonight, fish and chips was great 4 large pieces cooked perfectly. However what made the experience outstanding was our waiter Christopher (I think) he was so nice and anticipated our needs, we never waited for drinks and the food came out quickly. He was just so nice, happy it really made our day. He made such an impression that asked the cashier to tell the manager how great he was, I never do that.笑
Have come to this Grand Cafe location for quite some years now and by far our most favorite host is Mr. Miguel. Their lunch menu special is good and delicious. 
Other than Mr. Miguel, the other host and hostesses should improve their customer service skills.笑
Ok. I stayed here for a car show and we had breakfast and dinner here. That's how pleased we were. 

The servers and service are AMAZING. They are very helpful and literally here to serve you. I tend to ask a lot of questions about the food and if it's made fresh or if it comes canned and they answered every question to the best of their knowledge. 

For breakfast I had huevos rancheros. It was 3 fried tortillas with refried beans over and 2 over easy eggs on top. Covered in a ranchero salsa and served with handmade salsa. It was DELICIOUS! 

My friend ordered NY steak and eggs for breakfast and there was a lot of fat on the steak but she didn't complain because fat is normal on steaks and the server saw it and comped her steak. They really didn't have to do that but it was very nice and great customer service. 

For dinner I ordered chicken tenders and asked for lettuce under it. They gladly said "we can definitely do that for you".  The staff is great and there to serve you however you want. I will definitely be back here.笑
You gamble, then you want steak. It's natural. I went to the Grand Cafe and saw a 7.99 New York steak special. That's all I wanted, some steak. I order the "special" and am met with a 15 dollar tab. I was told by the server and the cashier that the fault was mine. I needed to request a special menu and order accordingly. They would not budge on this miscommunication. They both said "well next time...."  There won't be a next time. I feel swindled. I had 7 dollars taken from me today. And there was no sense of customer service or satisfaction. I thought the gambling was left to the casino, not the restaurant. Shame on you Geand Cafe for your bait and switch.笑
Here's the lowdown: 

Grand Café is a comfortable place to grab good eats at a decent price.  (4 stars) 

Unfortunately, the service isn't so good.  It's unreliable--on the average, your server will be polite at a minimum, but nothing to rave about.  For instance, one kid has a tendency to take your table's order without writing anything down; not bad for simple orders, but I haven't had the opportunity to test him with a particularly picky order yet.  It's admirable that he has the ability to remember the table's order, but it definitely doesn't leave you with the feeling that he cares.  (2 stars)

Thus, I have to leave this place with an average, 3-star rating.  If service improved, I would have no problem rating Grand Café 4 stars, especially since their food warrants it.  

On a side note, the hostess & several waitresses (different visits) have informed my family & me that the Boarding Pass specials are only valid with the purchase of a beverage.  They directed me to the "fine print" on their specials sign/advertisement, but thanks to my ability to read, I was able to discern that the sign/advertisement DOES NOT indicate any such requirement.  Nonetheless, upon my last visit my waitress informed me that "the system needs a beverage on the check for each special in order for the special price to be honored."  I'd give this place 2 stars, but the food is worth the crappy service.  Just thank the wait staff with a smaller tip accordingly and enjoy your cheaper, delicious meal!笑
I came the restaurant I asked for medium rare steak. I asked the waitress(Bernadine) that the steak was rare not medium rare. Then she took the plate n came back saying that the steak was medium. I told her no it wasnt. Then I show her the pic of the different kind of  meat is cooked. Then she still saying that it was medium rare. Then few min later she came back with a steak well done. This place use to be better now it sucks. I'm never coming back due the food and the waitress . 

L笑
I've been here twice with my family and cannot complain. I've had their omelette and their huevos rancheros (more like nachos) both really delicious. Only problem was during a Sunday be prepare to wait a long time for your food. They also have really good coffee.笑
Chicken fried steak!  If you like chicken fried steak, this is the place. I have tried chicken fried steak all over Las Vegas and nobody can compare with the Grand Cafe at any of the Station's casinos hotels. The chicken fried steak is fresh and hand battered. It is not  prefrozen like everyone else and it is large!笑
If I could give zero stars I would. Worst experience ever, took over 45 mins to get my food. On top of that it came out wrong. Although the server was able to comp a meal, I will definitely not eat here again.笑
The breakfast here was certainly below the bar. The atmosphere is nice, but the taste of the food is, "blah". What really put me off was the fact that the creamer arrive to our table in a plastic drinking cup. Not idea for pouring or looks. I would avoid this place if possible.笑
We decided to try the Grand Cafe for dinner because 1) we were already at Boulder Station, and 2) they offered a T-bone Special for $9.99. It wasn't busy so we were seated right away. The T-bone was cooked exactly how I ordered it. My husband decided on the spinach and mushroom omelette. No complaints from him either. The service was quite good during our visit. No issues. Fast service, decent food, great price.笑
It's what you would expect of a 24 hour diner in a casino. Cheap and it'll get you by for late night munchies or last resort place. I will say it was so much better than the Feast Buffet which was horrible. The cafe service was good and the prices were great. Just don't expect perfection!笑
We went hee for the breakfast special of 2 eggs, meat, hashbrowns and toast. 

Took about 15 minutes to be seated and there were several emty seats.  Then afer being seated too about 10 minutes to place our order.  After waiting about another 15 minutes we got our food. All this wait for eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast. The eggs were suppose to be scrambled but they were on the runny side. 

There were a total of 4 of us and 2 had went and got a starbucks coffee before being seated and needless to say after 2 drinks and the specials we paid a total of $32.  We should have went to the buffet and got something cheaper.笑
Glutton for punishment. Gave it ANOTHER chance. 8 tables had parties and the rest of the restaurant was empty - at 5 pm on a Friday night. Not a good sign. Yet we were told it was a 20 minute wait. We left after 10 minutes. 

Never again.笑
I have been a regular customer in this cafe for the past 3 years n have never had a problem with the waiters or the food,  but for my surprise this September 28 me n my family were celebrating my birthday , we order our food n for 30 min my 1 yr old baby started to get fuzzy,  when suddenly the assistant manager name Mary approached my table n asked me to find a way to quiet down my baby because someone else complaint about my son.  I asked to see the manager but couldn't find him, I try calling them but its been a couple days ago n still no return call.   I feel like they have discriminate against my baby my family n me I'm pretty sure the did it because we r Hispanic , why do I think this the reason is that there was another white family but they were treated very respectful n in a timely matter. Or may be I miss the  sing where it says " only whites".笑
Prime rib special is now $12.99.  Went there last night because we drove by and saw a huge sign on the outside of the casino that says "$11.99 Prime Rib Special" but the menu said $12.99 prime rib special.  After consulting the manager we were given the lower price. Hey, a dollar's a dollar, bro.  The prime rib was pretty darn good.  Came with a huge baked potato and green beans. 

It took about 10 minutes to get seated and about 10 minutes to have someone take our drink orders.  When someone doesn't come by the table for 10 minutes I get a little antsy but the Hungarian waitress we had was very nice. 

Minus one star cuz' my coffee cup had lipstick on it.  (I don't wear lipstick)笑
What a nasty breakfast! Ordered the Spinach and Tomato Benedict with a side of bacon, coffee and water. 

The server was prompt and efficient.

The coffee and water were great. 

I'm accustomed to Benedict eggs being poached..today's eggs were more like hard boiled..yuk! 
The spinach must've been blanched as it was stringy and chewy..yuk. 
The plate came with hash brown potatoes that were also overcooked, super crispy and just unappetizing to look at...much like the four (generous!) pieces of brittle bacon. 

Seriously, the worse breakfast I've ever had..what a disappointment especially for a casino property! 

Nasty!笑
Anytime we have been to Boulder Station we usually end up staying long enough to eat here since they are open 24 hours a day. Especially when you get carried away on the machines.

The food is pretty good at this cafe. Not bad at all.

I really like the boneless chicken strips with the buffalo sauce. They are so good. My husband always get breakfast here as well as different dinners, And everything is usually really good when it comes out. Cooked just right and always good flavor 

It is very rare there is a wait especially later hours but if a concert they had gets out then it does get busy. They are always friendly from the time being seated till you pay.  Service at times has been slow depending on business of course. A lot of locals come in since it is so far from the strip.

We have found this location to always be consistent with the food and service. Never had any problems and would recommend if your near boulder looking for some inexpensive food check this Cafe out!笑
We had breakfast at the Grand Cafe' last week.  Service by Greg was very good and friendly, and the food was good.  The ambiance was pleasant and the price was very good.  Would eat there again next time we're in town.笑
Service is horrible. We went here around 1am. We ordered steak and eggs. The place is pretty dead! There were only us and about 3 more tables. There was 5 of us. 3 of us ordered medium well, and 2 ordered well done. Food took about 40 minutes to arrive!!! Waitress never came back to refill our drinks, nor asked how's the food. Steak is very hard and very bland!!!! I only ate half of my steak.  i enjoyed eating the eggs and the toast more! Never coming back here!笑
It looks like Stations Casinos brought back the Grand Cafe. I didn't have high expectations upon entering this place, since I remember the old Grand Cafe being pretty terrible.

First thing that I noticed was that they're really trying to emphasize better service. Staff is much more friendly and accommodating this time around, which is already an improvement. I never really expected to be greeted with smiling faces and a friendly welcome when I'm in the Boulder Station. I mean, c'mon, it's the Boulder Station. The Boulder Strip doesn't exactly scream with class. 

The menu did go through some minor tweaks, but it still contains the standard cafe fare, with $7.99 daily specials that come with soup or salad. They also  have some off-menu specials like a $3.99 skillet breakfast, $5.99 burger special, or $7.99 for a mountain of Rocky Road pancakes.  

For starters, we ordered some spinach & artichoke dip, served with pita bread. Wasn't too bad, seemed a little lighter than most spinach dips that I have had.

For the entrée, I ordered the potato crusted trout special, one of the Friday specials. It practically looked like a two rectangular hash browns with trout hiding inside. It wasn't too bad actually, especially for a $8 seafood dish.

They tout that their Kona coffee is freshly brewed and ground every 90-minutes, which got me interested in trying it out. I'm no coffee connoisseur, but it tasted good enough for me.

All in all, a decent experience. This is somewhere I'd go for lazy and cheap eating, when I'm not willing to make a drive anywhere to break the bank. It's decent food, but nothing to go out of the way for. It's a definite improvement over the old Grand Cafe, that's for sure.笑
Located in Boulder Station is this average casino cafe.  It seems all the Station Casino has a Grand Cafe in it.  There is nothing special about them, just your standard cafe serving average food.  But they are opened 24/7, the prices are cheap and the meals are good but not great.  Service here need some improvement.  After we were seated, nobody came to our tables.  After a long wait, I complained to the management who rationalized that they were busy.  They weren't.  When we tried to pay, the women at the register was irritated that we walked to the wrong register and spent over 15 minutes with the customer in front me.  Management just watched and didn't help.  The food was good, but they clearly need additional help or training.笑
Station Casinos is a chain of Las Vegas casinos that are located away from the Las Vegas Strip and that are marketed to locals. Every Station Casino has a Grand Café, a 24-hour coffee shop. 

As a general rule, the food at Grand Cafés is OK; and the service ranges from bad to awful. We tried the Boulder Station location for the first time, and we were invisible. Although the place was almost empty (all Grand Cafés are usually empty) it took forever to get seated, and we were ignored from then on. I hate being invisible in a restaurant. 

After a long while we got up and walked out, and no one noticed.笑
As many times as I have strolled past this coffee shop, I almost never see many of the tables occupied.  I may have discovered why on this trip.  I stopped in and purchased a pair of relatively small apple fritters to take back to our room. These turned out to be flavorless and slightly stale.笑
I had a good experience. Service was good and they kept asking to refill our beverages. I ordered the clubhouse and it was delicious. I also ordered a ceasar salad, which was the best Caesar salad I've ever eaten. No complaints about this restaurant.笑
The place to go for late night! Good staff, reasonable prices, and great food. If you're there around midnight and are a club rewards member, they've got a late night menu that you can request. Highly recommend any of their Chicken Burger meals!笑
this place is absolutely terrible...sitting there at 3am with no one in there and it takes 20 mins for someone to talk to us..The staff should be removed from this restaurant! horrible..I will warn anyone that tries to go there.笑
My experience was fantastic.  The service was great, the food was good, and I felt like I got a really good deal.  I ordered a lunch special, it was less than $9 for the meal! If I were in LA or SF, I would have expected to pay at least $25 for my meal. The food was pretty darn tasty.  I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.笑
Midnight specials(midnight to 6 a.m/) honored with your boarding pass. Super cheap and large, awesome portions.  No complaints here. Had the 8 oz steak, hash browns, eggs and toast for $5.99!! Their country fried steak with sides is ONLY $4.99 and is enormous!  The decor in this place is nice, but the service could improve greatly. They were very SLOW and it wasn't busy.  A special thank you to Cashmere who works at the pastry/desert counter. She is a pleasure and excellent with customer service. :)笑
This place is like Denny's, but not as good, and we don't even like Denny's. The service was great but the food was meh.

I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The cheese wasn't that melted, and the soup was inedible.

My husband ordered the BBQ bacon burger, which he says was passable. The garlic parmesan fries lacked parmesan and had no garlic. 

We ordered the Triple Dip Chip appetizer. The guacamole was basically brown, but the bean and cheese dip were tolerable. 

We only came here because we had a coupon. We would have been really upset if we didn't have one. 

If you're broke or extremely hungover, then the food here would probably taste great. Otherwise, it's a let down.