I stopped here after I visited my dentist today!  Good staff, consistant service.  They are always sugggesting other menu choices.  And they definietly know their menu....Clean facility.Ǿ
Went here this morning to pick up an order for work.  Girl behind counter had her back to me and didn't greet me.  She finally turned around to say she'd be with me in a minute, with the personality of someone going for a colonoscopy.  I told her what the order was under, she tells me o.k. Can't find the order, finds it, then has to take more time to ask her fellow employee if the order is complete.  When the employee says yes, she has me sign the receipt.  But wait there's more. After signing the receipt, she then has to ask the same employee what copy I get- unbelievable!  I know Panera is part of the trendy, supposedly better for you, fast-casual family, but instead of spending all that money on those damn commercials touting their clean salads, put some money into training the incompetent staff.  Oh and they forgot to give me the cream cheese for the bagels-Thanks guys!Ǿ
Yep. Panera bread. Be warned: if you are going there for the free wi-fi, there are not a ton of outlets to plug in the laptop when the battery gets low. The seating areas with little arm chairs seem to be the only places with outlets. 

They get an extra star for the free wi-fi. They get 3 stars just because they serve Dr. Pepper.Ǿ
The staff are poorly trained they throw the food when delivering rather than putting it nicely on the counter. Reflects poor training and that they are not equipped with dealing customer service.Ǿ
Mediocre food.  And they kick you off the internet after 1/2 an hour at lunch making me waste time.  I even bought their tortilla soup - so I was not a freeloader. I will not be back.Ǿ
Its Panera bread. If you have never eaten at a Panera bread than you should. Its very consistent and no matter what location the food will look, taste and be prepared the same. This just happens to be my favorite panera bread because its close to me. The great part is, no matter what location you go to, they are pretty much exactly the same.Ǿ
I've met my boss at Panera several times for brief meetings. I don't get the hype around this place. The coffee  is over priced, often times the pots are empty on the floor. The staff is always very nice and accommodating but I couldn't see myself stopping in here just for a cup of coffee or food. I've had a couple sandwhiches here and they were just ok. The one thing in common they all shared was that they were over priced and small. To me its just another big business over charging for everything. I love my mom and pop shops and Panera Bread won't be the one to change that train of thought.

Friendly staff and WIFI are the only things that excite me about Panera.Ǿ
Very welcoming atmosphere to bring someone too! The food is a bit pricey and not always worth it but there are good things in the menu. Can't go wrong with all the pastries as wellǾ
I have always had a pleasant experience at this location. Friendly staff, always been pretty prompt. I would take a star off for the price of the food but we all know all panera food is pricey so I feel no need to take a star away from the particular location for that alone. The food is always good too. Can't go wrong here if you ask me :)Ǿ
Pretty standard fare in terms of food and drink. Panera always hits that soup/salad/sandwich spot when you can't think of anywhere else you'd like to go. This one was nice, big, clean, and in a good location. Can't really go wrong!