Bread & Butter is truly an authentic restaurant offering the BEST Schnitzel in the city!
The restaurant is adorable and friendly. Cozy up to one of the window seats for a great view of the adjacent park and some people watching!

We had schnitzel that was seasoned perfectly, thin breading that made it crispy and authentic. The pieces were large. Mashed potatoes melted in your mouth and the peas were seasoned with a secret spice which made them delicious. The paprikash was very homemade - and apparently Granny herself makes it!  It was very tasty and you felt like you were in your mother's kitchen.
 I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and definitely come again!

Order: Schnitzel, mashed potatoes, paprikash, schnitzel with peas & rice, schnitzel with mashed potatoes....and the homemade dumplings! 

This is food for the soul!笑
Something about this place and the simple schnitzel sandwich.

I used to get it on a kaiser consistently, but the past few years I've gone onion bun. Both are amazing. I think this place has gone through a few ownership changes since we started going there about 20 years ago, but the quality has remained consistent. I sometimes get an artichoke salad or something, but usually just the sandwich. Schnitzel on an onion bun, butter, regular mustard, hot peppers and lots of pickles. I may have to head over there shortly.笑
Schnitzel is out of this world. Their serving sizes are great, their sandwiches are brilliant. Hell, even their coffee is good. Go here, that's what I have to say.笑
Basic and nothing special. Nice staff, though...Nothing I can't make at home but ok for an early morning weekend jaunt.笑
This is probably my favorite place to eat, if forced to choose. The deluxe schnitzel sandwich is heavenly on the onion kaiser bun. So light and fluffy and with all the toppings it doesnt get any better for me. Add a salad plate filled with potato, artichoke and beet salads and a bowl of goulash and you're made. All these things I share with my boyfriend. the helpings are generous so it's more than enough to split. The custard dessert is my favorite dessert. Not too sweet at all. Try going after the lunch rush.笑
I haven't been in this place for at least five years although I walk by it almost daily. The reason for the absence is that frankly the food isn't that good, the order usually wrong, and the decor is not to my liking. 
Today, in the mood for a toasted western I thought to give it another try. Mistake. Here's my order "I'll have a toasted western on brown, no butter".  There was no where to sit so I told them I would sit on the patio. No, it leaks. Great, make it to go. After watching 3 complex orders placed after mine being served I enquire as to status. Soon, I was told. Minutes tick by as I watch children crawling on the floor. Finally a man again says soon.
Well I finally got it. Get home and open it up and of course it is wrong. Western omelette, half dozen tater tots, untoasted wimpy wonder bread of which one slice was the heel of the loaf. 

I don't think I'll wait another five years but rather take a permanent pass on this place. I would advise you do the same.笑
Good food at a decent price. Service was a bit lacking since there were only three employees at the time. Would be nice to go on a brunch date.笑
I love Bread and Butter!

Walking into Bread and Butter felt like I was transported from a big Western city to a grandmother's kitchen in Germany. This place is cozy, clean, the décor is humble and old fashioned- wooden tables, embroidery print wallpaper, antique pieces around the place, lace curtains etc. They have a nice indoor area including window seats and an outdoor patio. The staff here is warm and hospitable and have a passion for what they're doing. This place is more cafeteria style and does not have waiter service.

Bread and Butter offers inexpensive delicious home-style dishes that will make your tastebuds dance! Besides their famous schnitzel, they have: deli plates ($7-$8), breakfasts (under $6), sandwiches (under $8), a variety of homemade hot dishes ($8.49), soups and salads etc. They also have a nice selection of sweets that go well with their espresso beverages. The owner told me that they use his grandmother's recipes for the sweets from back home. 

My favorites:

Luck's deluxe schnitzel sandwich ($7.15) - Gigantic piece of tender schnitzel wrapped in a thin layer of crispy breading sandwiched between your choice of plain or onion bun with bacon and cheese. You can also choose your toppings such as pickles, hot peppers, sauerkraut etc. The sandwich is fresh and yum!

Potato soup ($3.15) - Sounds like nothing special but perhaps the best potato soup ever! Fresh ingredients, flavorful base, some veggies and chunks of buttery perfectly cooked potatoes that will make you crave for more.

The sweets- I love them all. My favorites are: custard slice ($2.25), hazelnut cake ($4.15), chocolate rum balls ($1.99), and chocolate walnut cake ($4.15). You get a generous amount and once again, fresh! Savoring their sweets with their latte is a heavenly way to end the meal here.

I highly recommend Bread and Butter!笑
Upon a couple subsequents lunch visits I'm upping my 3.5* to a full 4* review.

Here's why:
Dependable food quality
Unpretentious atmosphere with friendly service
Delicious home-cooked food
Cheap!

I enjoy their special of butter dill sea bass comes with 2 filets of juicy white fish, salad, and some rice with peas. $9.49

Of course, their schnitzel is a must as well.笑
We just moved into the area and stumbled up on this corner European restaurant, we didn't expect much but very pleasantly surprised from the homey decor to the friendly staff and not to mention the yummy food. I had the schnitzel and my wife had the chicken paprikash. The portions were large and the prices so very reasonable. We  were stuffed so we had to take the baklava and custard home for later. Absolutely fantastic. What we liked about the restaurant that it had a warm homy feel, it is not a sterile feel that lot of the new restaurants have. 
Highly recommended for a lunch or early dinner.
we are sure to be regulars!笑
Had the veal on a bun was really nice..owner was nice as well...Good spot for lunch, they have a nice variety of salads.笑
This place is great if you know what to get & when to go.

Great:
Shnitzel Sandwich (or schnitzel anything)
Goulash Soup - YUMM
Blueberry cheese cake
Custard Slice


When to go:
Not when its busy, ie lunch/dinner rush, or weekend breakfast rush. They simply don't have the staff to handle this. It's a small place. Once you understand these things, you're good to go. Enjoy!笑
For thirty years this restaurant is my "GO-TO" place for Scnitzel, Goulash and Borscht. They make great deli sandwiches here and the prices are the best in the city. The staff are friendly and the restaurant is small but comfortably homestyle.
 This spot is ideal for brunch, lunch or a casual and affordable dinner.
If you miss the Old Style Hungarian restaurants of Bloor street this pace is for you, I highly recommend the  Spetzel, it's Spetzially good,with the deluxe schnitzel on an Onion Kaiser !笑
Not bad. Had the salmon, veg and rice on a suggestion. For the cost the salmon was small and a bit dry but the place is basically a hot table. Larger tables are nice for groups of 6. The place got packed with schoolkids around lunch so they must be doing something right. I saw a lot of sandwiches being sold.

I'd suggest checking it out.笑
what a disappointment, after reading some good reviews about how great it's I thought to take the family for a Sunday lunch. I left wondering do these people really know any thing about European food.笑
The food is okay. The service is atmosphere is very homely.  The decor is kitsch. 

The desserts are amazing!  Cannot go wrong with any of their sweet cakes or cookies.  I personally love the carrot cake.笑
The only place I know of that provides schnitzels north of Bloor in Toronto proper, this restaurant is quiet and very pleasant to visit for meal even without taking the food into account. The schnitzel sandwich makes for a great lunch but the platters are much more savoury, served with other German staples that go well together. Although a bit pricey as far as sandwiches go, the platters are quite reasonable.笑
Went here with a friend for lunch, hearing that it was "the best schnitzel in town" we were excited to have a nice authentic meal. We walked into a little deli with a very quaint but tired decor (serious fading on the pictures ). Looks like a lovely neighbourhood family lunch spot. The coffee was very good. It had a lovely head of foam on my large cappuccino, the rest of my meal and my friends meal though sadly was not good. 

I ordered the "Deluxe Schnitzel Sandwich with Egg ($8.99)" while my friend ordered the "Schnitzel with a Caesar Salad ($11.99)".  We also ordered the Spit Pea Soup ($3.50) but that never came, so I cannot review the soup. 

First off "the best Schnitzel in town" is pre made, cold and microwaved. They had no shame microwaving the old schnitzel in front of the entire restaurant. Slapping the luke warm schnitzel in a kaiser bun with some condiments and calling it a day. My fried egg was just a side order that came on its own from the kitchen. I guess I was supposed to assemble the egg in the sandwich myself but they already cut my schnitzel sandwich in half so I was a little confused at what to do. Already this was far from what I was expecting.  

The Schnitzel and Caesar Salad was terrible. If McDonalds releases a Schnitzel and Salad meal in the future let me assure you it will be better looking than what Bread and Butter put together. The cold dry schnitzel was cut up into rectangles and then placed on lightly tossed lettuce with caesar dressing and parmesan flakes.  I don't know how but this meal costs $3.00 more than the "Deluxe" with egg, bacon and cheese on a kaiser. 

I gather that the family that runs Bread and Butter is originally from the eastern side of the Iron Curtain as their standards can only be described as needing improvement. Cold Schnitzel and sloppy presentation may have been good enough back in Eastern Europe but any German, Swiss or Austrian would laugh at the fare offered in this place. 

Is it really too much to ask to move a prepared piece of raw meat from the refrigerator to a deep frier when a customer orders  "the best schnitzel in town"? 

TLDR- If you are looking for EXPENSIVE old microwaved schnitzel served with Eastern European "flair" look no further.  But seriously if you are not getting coffee and pastries GTFO.笑
This is a cute old fashion cafe place straight out of Europe.  They served excellent schnitzel that was seasoned great with the just perfect crispy texture to it.  Best of all, everything in the place is so cheap for this caliber of food.  If you are there, I also recommend trying the chocolate flavoured tarts they have, they have the regular size and mini sized for those watching their waistline.笑
Good breakfast place. Not really impressed with the f.toast笑
I finally decided to stop in for lunch here.  It's not a full service restaurant--order at the counter, pay and find a seat if dining in.  There's a water station just at the end of the counter by the register where you can grab some water.  I ordered the chicken paprikash.  The food is already pre-made on display in dishes along the counter.  Everything is basically warmed up in the microwave.  

When the paprikash arrived it looked appetizing but that was about it.  There was little flavour to it and I couldn't even discern any paprika spices.  The rice which it was served on was under cooked in some parts.  I should have had the mashed potatoes instead, my mistake.  The overall dish was a disappointment.  Also, it wasn't heated up properly in the microwave or their microwave is not powerful enough.  I didn't have the heart to return it since the server was really nice. I might give them another try, maybe have better luck with the schnitzels or goulash.笑
Food tastes great. The vibe in the restaurant is kind of artistic/Bohemic. There were a lot of menu options that weren't available but the server changed up a few options so I could order what I wanted.笑
Before I ordered goulash soups for take-out this evening, I asked if the cook was Hungarian. The server's answer was "yes." Hard to believe, as the soups were unlike any goulash we've ever had: no meat, only slices of overcooked carrots and celery and five hard, flour dumplings. The thin broth tasted of nothing but cayenne and salt. Down the garburator!笑
Veal or Chicken schnitzel sandwich is pretty great and the Baklava is killer, truly authentic tasting. This place is great for a cheap dinner or a quick lunch. They also offer fresh made daily entree specials.笑
I went to Bread and Butter for lunch with 3 friends this week. It is very cute on the inside and the food looked great.

It was "busy" (there were 4 people ahead of us). The 5 staff who were working were very disorganized and it seemed very chaotic. We ordered 3 salmon sandwiches on kaisers and a greek salad. We had a different person working on each of our sandwiches (note: we all ordered the exact same sandwich), running to the back time and time again to get ingredients. It took them about 20 minutes to get our simple order together. 

The food was good. The sandwiches and salad were fresh, but nothing special. We got a piece of carrot cake and a date square for dessert. They were dry and not tasty whatsoever. 

I will probably not be back.笑
Ennnhhhhh....... I don't think I would come back here. I got the breakfast with eggs and potatoes and bacon i think? And toast. The plate was big and not full. Like, at least give me a smaller plate to fool the eyes? Nothing special about the breakfast.

I also got the schnitzel sammy with cheese. It wasn't great - I've had MUCH better schnitzel, including my own (pardon my modesty). My suggestion is DO NOT put all the toppings on it - most of the stuff is pickled and a) acid arrywhere, hurts belly and b) it really takes away from the taste of the meat.

One this is the service was amazing, everyone who works here is cute and nice and adorable and you almost feel at home.

PS really small water cups :( really really small....笑
schnitzel..schnitzel..schnitzel..boy I loved it.

We came across this small European cafe while walking on Mount Plesent..and saw that they had schnitzel; How could we refuse? The two ladies behind the counter were sweet and hilarious! The schnitzel was excellent, had a crunch to it, big, and severed on a soft bun with your choice of toppings. 

If your in the area I strongly recommend you stop in and get a sandwich!笑
After having spent 3 months in Germany, I was excited about the prospect of having Toronto's best schnitzel! I was seriously disappointed. The schnitzel was MICROWAVED! I was absolutely shocked that they were nuking them right in front of me. Furthermore, the server was ridiculously rude. She was asking what I wanted in my bread, which confused me because I did not realize that it was a sandwich (schnitzel should not be served this way- it is not a burger). She was extremely annoyed that I didn't understand and was rude the whole way through. I am extremely disappointed by my experience which is unfortunate since the place itself seems lovely and homey. But after being served microwaved food from a rude server, it is needless to say that I shall not return.