Burgh Bites catered a holiday meal for my party and it was exceptional. Food was set up and served on time, food was warm and guests couldn't stop complimenting us on the food. We will definitely use the Burgh Bites Team again!!!笑
This cuban sandwich was the highlight of my week! I discovered The Burgh Bites truck at the food truck-palooza in Homestead. It was raining and cold, and I was supposed to share the sandwich with my husband, but it was very hard to put it down. Even though I didn't want to, it was a decent size to share with someone if you were interested in trying more things from their menu. The chips that came with it were so good too, and the staff was super friendly. I will def be stopping by this truck when I see it again!笑
At first glance this place seems like just a drunk haven where goofs like me can stumble to for grub after a few too many drinks on Walnut, but it's that and so much more. Where else can a sister get some good ole pork belly at 2 in the morning? Or a bacon dog with mac and cheese? Melt in your mouth pulled pork? 

I wasn't 100% convinced though until on a quiet Friday night at home, friends and I drove out to Walnut to endure the line with drunken floozies just to get some pulled pork and tots. Though we were probably the only sober ones there, we devoured our food and I can now report it as one of my favorite Pittsburgh Eats.

Kudos to those young entrepreneurs for making our city a more delicious place.笑
This summer I have invited numerous food trucks to my office complex in Charleroi, PA.  We have 150+/- employees on location and EVERYONE just loves when they show up!  Burgh Bites food is to die for.   I swear everything they make is fabulous!  I have personally tried the jerk chicken sandwich, tortas, & and the steak wrap.   Everything is so flavorful and perfectly seasoned.  A lot of the food is locally grown too!  The service is fast and friendly   A big kudos to the owner, Ricci for being such a successful small business owner.    His hard work is commendable.笑
The menu is simple yet unique and the guys working are super friendly.  The spicy veggie pita is pretty much as special as a monkey riding a dolphin in the Caspian Sea.  Even if you are not vegan you will surely enjoy it.笑
I love good local food, and I especially love food carts run by scrappy young entrepreneurs who have such a passion for good food that they drag a cart or truck around to events to share their wares. This past weekend, I came across a new favorite- The Burgh Bites Cart. 
We came across these guys at Night Market V when I overheard someone say there was a food cart with tater tots. DING! At the top of my potato hierarchy (my list of favorite fried potato products) the creme de la creme- tater tots. We made a bee line in the direction of this magical tater tot cart, and I was not disappointed.
First off, you may have heard of this cart if you've ever been in Shady Side on a late night. Legend has it that a magical food cart appears on the streets of Shady Side when the sun sets, rising like Shangri-La or Brigadoon from the mist, to sell tater tots to weary bar travelers. Drinkers still tell stories of a tater tot cart that can only be found after a few adult beverages, and then is gone when the sun rises. I have now confirmed that this mysterious cart is indeed the Burgh Bites Cart.
We started with the Bucco Tots- a huge load of tater tots topped with their own pulled pork, smothered in BBQ sauce and topped with onions and homemade pickles. The pork was lightly seasoned and moist, the sauce had a nice bite, and the taters were gloriously fried to perfection. Can I get a hallelujah! 
It was so good, that later that evening, I went back for more. This time, I had Loaded Tots- another boatload of taters, this time smothered in chili and topped with cheese sauce. OMG good, and the chili had a nice mix of big beans and ground beef that wasn't too spicy.
If I died that night (and there was a good chance of cardiac arrest after eating 2lbs of tater tots), I would have died happy, floating up on cherub wings to the afterlife, where angels sit on tater tot clouds, ketchup flows from a waterfall, and a lake of chili waits for me to take a dip... sorry, I spaced out for a second.
The other food  flowing from this cart looked awesome as well, like the Falafeliscious sandwich (a falafel patty on a bun with pineapple sauce and banana peppers), smothered hot dogs, and lots more like their homemade pickles or mac n cheese. Wash it down with a refreshing Watermelon Fresca and you'll see why this i my current favorite food truck.
Keep an eye on the Burgh Bites Cart Facebook page for where they are next and see what else they are cooking up-- and get your tots on!笑
My daughters and I hired the Burgh Bites food truck for my husband's surprise birthday party at our home.  There are not enough good words to describe our experience with Ricci and Burgh Bites.  From the awesome food to the friendly, over-the-top attention to service, our guests were treated to a fabulous food experience.  Thanks, Burgh Bites, for making my husband's birthday special and memorable!笑
AMAZING!! I got the veggie wrap with homeade chips and spicy homeade pickles! Delicous! The staff is very friendly and fast.笑
One of the best food trucks in Pittsburgh. Every ingredient is fresh. The folks that work the truck are awesome. Must try the Rastafarian. They recently opened up a restaurant in Heidelberg. The address is 1709 E. Railroad St Heidelberg, Pa 15106. It is called Brick & Mortar... They offer everything on the food truck menu, and then some.笑
Was surprised to see them posted up on Butler Street in Lawrenceville tonight. Parked the car and gave them a try. Was really happy with the jerk chicken. Service was fast and friendly.笑
Wow! I'm very impressed by the food from this truck. I'm usually not overly impressed with food truck food, the portions are usually a little small for the price and the food usually isn't amazing. This is not the case for Burgh Bites though! I got the Rastafarian and was blown away by the amount of flavor in the wrap. The jerk chicken had a great flavor and was cooked perfect. They used chicken thighs which really helped. The corn mango salsa was perfect as well, and the pepper aioli had a nice kick and added a nice creaminess to the sandwich. The price wasn't bad and the wrap was big and filled me up. It also came with a few of their homemade tortilla chips which very different, good different though, and a pickle, which also tasted homemade. The other dishes I saw from people looked delicious as well. I highly recommend this place!笑
Good sandwiches! The menu is a smaller version of Brick N Mortar. Some Handhelds & Dogs. Stop by the Heidelberg food truck Friday. The Guido & torts were very good. Just like BnM.笑
Food trucks are Pittsburgh's new obsession and when you come across this one you can absolutely tell why.

This wonderful truck was camped out at Grists in Millvale on Saturday when I wen to support my friends who were the live entertainment for the night [Houdini's Psychic Theater with a side of Pittsburgh HappyHour]. Having a new found love for food trucks and being in need for some food from daylong shenanigans I needed to wander over this big blue beauty to get a better look.

For that day the menu was simple yet compact for the occasion. Grists Brewing House is a small craft brewery, family and dog friendly. Burgh Bites Cart was there to supplement the lack of food menu. This time they had 3 of their staple Dogs [the Naked, the Pappy (with Chili) and the Pedro (mango salad, chili aioli and crushed tortillas)] and both sorts of their signature Torts.

I opted for the loaded Torts and was not disappointed. You are served up a large helping of their homemade crumble seasoned Tortillas chips which are light dipped in the deep fryer. they are so delicate that you need to spoon on the toppings as your chip may crumble when you try to use it scoopingly. On top of the torts you have an array of goodies. Melt in your mouth pulled pork, sour cream, cheese, jalapeños, charred chili pepper aioli and corn mango salsa and some pickles [ala Pittsburgh style]. To help out the customer who may not like all on their plate the ingredients are separated out in the various corners so make sure when you are scooping them on the tortilla to mix it up. 

My little favorite tidbit for this truck was that they understood their audience. Grists is known as a "Dog-friendly" environment and we are not talking about the food selection for just one second. I'm talking our 4 legged man's best friend companions. Burgh Bites had something for their four legged companions also. Small treats so you and your pup will both be happy. 

For the entire time the staff is beyond friendly and will sometime will even let you know the best local selection of beer that went with each dog. [At least I was recommended an IPA style :)]

Love the attention to local taste and the concept of getting fantastic food and breaking the mold of a dingy old food truck. Will be seeking it around town at more locations.笑
We found the Burgh Bites truck at the last Food Truck Round-up in Lawrenceville at the end of May.  They had several sandwiches and hot dogs on the menu, and we went with the Cuban and one of the specialty hot dogs.  Both were fantastic!  The Cuban had ham sliced from the bone that was melt-in-your-mouth, and the pulled pork was flavorful, tender, with just the right amount of juice.  The hot dog had bacon and the same pulled pork that came on the Cuban.  The hot dog itself was beef and tasted high quality, lots of flavor.  Can't wait until we find this truck again and see what they have to try next!笑
Wow!  Best roasted veg sandwich I ever had!  Wonderful torts, too.  Truly tasted home grown and from scratch.  Great staff made suggestions.  I'll be on the lookout for them.笑
They just got a new bright blue food truck.  I can t wait to see what new delicious items they come up with.  Seriously awesome  gourmet dogs and sandwiches!笑
I used to live in Shadyside and had frequented this cart a few times and enjoyed their food immensely, and was sad to move away and no longer have their food down the street from me. So when I found out they'd started catering events I decided to give it a go, even though I did have reservations. It's always a bit worrisome for me trying a new catering vendor for groups at my work, but the food and service couldn't have gone over better. Ricci is great to work with and the food was great (as usual) and the portions were extremely generous. I'm in love with this business, wish I could give it more than five stars!笑
Can't say enough good things about the staff, food, presentation and professionalism. The Burgh Bites Food Truck came for our son's 10th birthday party. Kids, moms, dads, grandparents, aunts and uncles couldn't get enough of the delicious food!  We had so many compliments for our "great idea" and several people asked if they could hire Ricci and his team for their events. They gave us the left overs and made sure that everything was wrapped up nice and neat. I would HIGHLY suggest them for any event! The Pedro Dog, Pork Sliders, Torts w/Mango Corn Salsa and Peach Ice Tea are all out of this world!  Check it out for yourself. You'll be VERY HAPPY that you did.笑
Burgh Bites is simply AMAZING. Their food truck catered our wedding this past weekend and everyone raved about the food. Their homemade chips and salsa is fantastic - so fresh and delicious! Portions are just the right size and their menu is diverse enough for vegetarians and carnivores alike. We had the Rastafarian (jerk chicken wrap), falafeliciois, meatloaf sliders and the funghi (portobello mushroom). For sides we had their homemade chips and French onion dip, homemade tortillas and mango corn salsa, Apple jalapeño slaw and roasted beet salad - everything was fresh and well plated and soooooo good. They were also incredible to work with - Ricci and his team were wonderfully accommodating as we planned the day, he made great recommendations for the menu and every dish was a hit. I would recommend them for any event, or if you find them around town give them a try!!!笑
Ricci and his team are awesome. You can't go wrong with any of the food you order. Everything is fresh and made to order and you will loooovvvveeeee the food !!!!笑
The Rastafarian was excellent. Fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned!  Can't wait till the next time their truck is in the area to try their other menu options笑
I love love love this food stand/truck! 
I've only tried the Pedro, and I can't get myself to try any other items in the menu because I am always craving the Pedro. It's an amazing hot dog with very yummy toppings! My friends who tried the other items said everything was fresh and delicious!!
I don't hangout in Shady Side that often but I drive to Shady Side at 2am for the Pedro even if I was hanging out in a different neighborhood! :)
The guys who run it are very nice, and passionate about what they do. What a great addition to Pittsburgh street food scene!笑
I love this cart anytime of day.  Great hotdogs, nice guys.  But it is especially good at 2am when you're with a group of rowdy drunk dudes who need to sober up enough to walk home without supervision.  And if those are your friends too--make sure to tip the nice men with the tater tots.笑
One of my favorite trucks around. I always get the Rastafarian... Jerk Chicken, Greens, Pineapple Salsa on  warm Pita. Phenominal. Their chips are a great side. Also try the Truck Pickles... Super tasty.