Great family owned business. Very inexpensive and super fast service.Ǿ
Pad Thai wasn't bad for the price. Could have done without the awful top 40 station blaring the entire time. Autotune and Thai food never go together.Ǿ
Best Thai food I have had in the North Scottsdale area by far. Food is great, cheap (less than $10) and the service is fantastic. It is hard to find, but oh well. I got the chicken pad thai and it was great. They let you pick how spicy you want itǾ
Just went to try this place for lunch and it is no longer open :( looks like it went out of business.Ǿ
Great Thai and Chinese food. Friendly family staff. We were served by their very cool 11year old son. Kind of place you want to support. Food was excellent and very reasonable. Go for the curry-Ǿ
Amazing food!  The best Pad see ew dish by far!  They are on Northsight tucked behind Salty Senoritas, but worth the find!  Its quite the gem.  Very clean and nice, and the owners are very hospitable!  Very inexpensive compared to other Thai restaurants, and the portions are huge!  I don't even think I ate half my dinner.  Check it out!Ǿ
This is a great find! The food was delicious and the owners are absolutely wonderful. They went above and beyond to make sure we had a great experience. You must try the coconut ice-cream.Ǿ
My family has been here multiple times and the food is always dependably delish. The restaurant is pretty much a little hole in the wall (the best kind of place) with some of the best food you could ever eat. We've had the pad thai, curry, tom ka along with several other dishes and we have yet to be disappointed. They also offer a few Chinese faves with a Thai flare on their menu. Their won ton soup-I kid you not-has the BEST BROTH I have ever tasted! Unlike the other asian chain restaurants in the valley (that use poorly trained "chefs" to cook) the friendly Thai couple that own this place cook every dish as if it were for their own family. You must sample this place :-)Ǿ
Though hard to find, this is one of my favorite Thai joints in the area.

The service is excellent and very friendly.  The food is reasonably priced if not cheap for the area.  Being so inexpensive, I was expecting little, but we got a lot, both in quantity and in taste.  They also have free delivery in the area!

It's a bit of a hole in a corner, but so good!Ǿ
This hidden restaurant in Scottsdale is quite the food. 

The food is delicious and very authentic. The portions are generous, great prices, and the owners are awesome!

When they head we were planning a trip to Thailand, the owners sat down & gave us great advice!Ǿ
We love Havanero's and we saw this place right across the street.  Very authentic thai food, very fresh and everything is cooked to order.  We had the tom ka gai (not sure if it is spelled right) and it was very good.  We ordered spice level 3 (from 1 to 5) and it was pretty spicy for me.  I usually order 3 at other thai restaurants and I can handle the spice level.  The panang was amazing.  The fried banana dessert with homemade coconut ice-cream is to die for.  We loved this place and will definitely be back!Ǿ
Very affordable authentic Thai food. Lunch special can't be beat for the price ($5.99). Service may slow when it's super busy during the lunch hour. But hey, they are a mom and pop place with one waitress. I recommend the pad thai.Ǿ
Try the any of the curries!!! We eat here once a week (Tuesday Thai). Small mom & pop place with good food, good prices, and friendly, quaint atmosphere. Thai Chef's Bistro is spicier than most (i.e., their "4" seems spicier than other "4"s I've had.), but that's how I like it. The nearby Thai House is good, but I like this better.Ǿ
Very friendly family business.  We had the pad thai, ginger chicken, chicken satay, and chicken fried rice. We are from out of town and we wanted to thai food but we wanted to play it safe.  The other yelp reviews rave about the curry so in hindsight we should have tried that. But the food was ok, not great but not bad.  The prices were very reasonable, borderline cheap. Glad we visited.Ǿ
A great family owned eatery tucked away in a shopping plaza. We really hope they can make it because the location is hard to find. Hopefully the word will get out, because the food and the owners are awesome!