Stopped here one night on a whim. This was probably the most uninspired meal I've had in a long time. I was dumbfounded how average every single item on the sushi and hot bar was, and how forgettable pretty much any detail about the place was. The price was good, but to be dredged in such mediocrity seemed like it wasn't really worth it after all. 

Go here if you want a lot of food that won't make you sick: The American Dream.Ǿ
Do NOT eat here!!!  The food was cold and a roach ran across the table while I was eating; both are health violations.  Eat here if you want, but you've been forewarned.  I got sick so you don't have too...Ǿ
I am not typically into buffets. However this one was right behind the hotel I was staying at so I figured what the heck. I am sure glad I had the experience of eating here.

The sushi was really damn good for a buffet. So was the rest of the food. I went back 3 times just for the sushi; even the next morning I feel full. This place is probably a 15 minute drive from the strip, but if you want to get away from all the cheeziness of the strip for a simpler but great buffet, this is the ticket.Ǿ
There's a guy making sushi right there in front of me, and I can eat as much of it as I want for only $8.95!!

I've had some pretty good sushi here, and the hot buffet food is as good as it gets for under ten bucks.

Yeah, they got closed down by the health department once, but if we don't give our immune system some practice every once in a while, it won't know what to do when a real problem come around.

For $8.95, this is as good as it gets!!Ǿ
I rate by the food.

Their Mongolian grill is excellent.  Ever been to Green Valley Ranch Feast Buffet and ate their BBQ ribs and remember how they don't cook their ribs well enough for their customers?  Well buffet @ asia here, at least they cooks them  thoroughly.  The sushi is good, but I don't really like the cream cheese that they put in majority of the sushi.  HOwever, if you are a cream cheese lover, it is like heaven to you.  I also like their chow mein and fried rice because they cook it like Thai fried rice and thick noodle chow mien, unlike some other buffets in las vegas like China star buffet, they use spaghetti noodles to make chow mien, which in my opinion, is not authentic at all  The setting there is nice, table and everything is nice.  Service is nice too.  Another dish that i must praise is the Tom Yum Soup!  IT's loaded with shimp, clams, and mussels.  If you are a seafood lover then this is the soup you cannot miss.  Its like gumbo soup, thai spicy style.  I dont' like that soup cuz i dont' like seafood tho.  LOL.

In vegas, dining is like random luck to you.  You can go to the same restaurant and give 5 stars for the first visit and 0 stars after.  A lot of restaurants have consistency problems.   But buffet @ asia, is a buffet that I have to admit, that can keep the consistency at all times.

Not to mention, for a buffet like this, if you go there during the weekends during off peak hours it's like $8 per person and kids get a cheaper rate.  During the weekend the price is way more expensive but that's how buffets are.  Constrained by peak hours. I would just go there during weekdayss at lunch.Ǿ
We ended up here since it was nearby, and have gone back 3 or 4 times since, and also tried their other locations. There is actually a good variety of typical chinese items, fried stuff, decent-quality sushi, soups, etc. It's always busy and the service is good. We have also been to a bigger location I think off of Eastern, that also featured more sushi options, american fare, more crab legs and a mongolian stir-fry bar. Both are great and we love both locations. The shrimp with snow peas is my favorite, and we always love the spicy chicken. The fruit is the only thing that never looks appetizing, nor do the desserts other than soft-serve.