Great neighborhood pub. Nigel is a great manager who goes out of his way to make everyone feel comfortable and have a great time. 

There is usually a very reasonable daily food & drink special. Beers on tap are reasonably priced, and their wings are a good option.Ǿ
Super chill and friendly. Pool table upstairs!! 

Food is limited to burgers, two salads, some fried things and a few mains like shepherds pie. 

Full bar and a good selection of beers, server was great at recommending one that we liked and let us try a couple to help us decide. 

Food arrived hot and delicious. The chicken sandwich and fries were great. Roast beef was meh, but mashed potatoes and greens were good. 

Will definitely be coming back!Ǿ
This place was fun! Came here on my birthday day for some after dinner drinks. Friends of the people we were with had booked the upper level for their birthday, and it was a great atmosphere. Also, the bartenders are awesome - joined me in some whiskey shots to ring my birthday in! The pool table + darts upstairs was also a nice touch, and the overall vibe was really lively but laid back on a Friday night. Would definitely return and recommend :)Ǿ
Fantastic bar with great food with awsome staff. Nigel is a legend in the Neighborhood and great with his customers. The 2nd floor is great for special events. Highly recommend this place.Ǿ
Happened upon The Wicket and am SO happy we did. Great service (thx Matt), great food (amazing fries), lovely atmosphere. A local that we will go out of the way to revisit often.Ǿ
I've been here a couple times now and it's a good local bar with a relaxed atmosphere. The owner, Nigel is so friendly too!Ǿ
Excellent bar and super food!
The guys that run open mic on Monday nights are amazing !!Ǿ
Stumbled upon The Wicket (via Yelp) after a stroll through High Park. 

Location -- pretty central to High Park. Parking is street side but we didn't have any issues. Given, this was a Sunday evening. 

Service -- Our waitress was nice, helpful and attentive. The bar was only half-full (it's pretty tiny but I believe they do have an upstairs). 

Menu -- A really, really simple one pager. I liked that, only because it made ordering food so much simpler. 

Food -- I ordered the wings in 'Wicket Medium'. They were ok. Just your average buffalo/bbq wing (not breaded). I also ordered fries and the 'Wicket Hot' sauce on the side. Both I enjoyed. Wicket Hot was definitely better than medium but forewarning, it is actually pretty spicy. 

Overall my experience was a bit above average. Would I go back? Probably not since it's out of the way from where I'm normally located but if I'm in the area again, I would. :) 

4.5/5Ǿ
Came here for a small get together of old school peeps from back in the day..  

Haven't really visited much of the bar scene in this area and wasn't sure what to expect.  

A little small but still nice I would have to admit.  

Went upstairs and saw that they have a pool table at the far back.  Can't complain when it would be nice to have a beer or two and play.  Wasn't all that up for drinking, but staff were nice enough and friendly to provide us with change in order to do so.  It was end of the night and kind of a last minute thing, but I can appreciate the courtesy received and wouldn't mind going back sometime.Ǿ
The midweek burger special is out of this world! Cozy downstairs, fun upstairs for darts/pinball/pool.Ǿ
Great quality food and service! 

We sat upstairs and really enjoyed the server, she was knowledgeable and nice. She made recommendations based on our food restrictions and didn't bat an eye. That was much appreciated! 

We each had a burger; they were massive and juicy. Very impressive! 

All in all, I'd be happy to go back another time. It's clean, close to the subway and generally welcoming. A great neighbourhood gem!