darn, I worried that they are closed and the phone number does not work today....Ǿ
Im suprised this place managed to rate as high as it did.  This place is just down the street from me so I decided to give it a try.  I live to regret that decision.  We ordered chopped pork, ribs,  and some sides and I didn't like any of it.  I couldn't eat it.  The whole group felt that way. Maybe we caught them on an off day, but I don't plan on finding out. There is no way I'll be returning.Ǿ
This place is alright. Great service and great atmosphere, but the food was lacking a bit. I ordered the rib tips with fries and my buddy had the pulled pork plate. While both of our meals were edible, they weren't "holy cow!" good. I especially felt that the rib tips were a bit greasy, and that the pulled pork was somewhat dry and lacked flavor. 

I would definately try this place again, and order differently (the woman next to us had fried chicken and hush puppies...OH MAN!) but I would not go out of my way for this BBQ spot.Ǿ
This was a great BBQ soul food place and George the owner was a great guy and I love the story behind the restaurant. The frog legs were good and the greens were finger licking good. The red velvet cake was very nice too. The service was a little slow but I didn't mind because the service was polite and made it fun. Plus the food came out hot and fresh and good which is most important to me.Ǿ
I got back over to Restaurant 28 today for lunch, and I am soooo glad I did.

George (the owner) was there when I arrived and I announced that I was interested in trying his Carolina Style BBQ that I have been hearing so much about.

Restaurant 28 has been given rave reviews from local critics such as Howard Seftel of the Arizona Republic,  Nikki Buchanan from Channel 3's Good Morning Arizona, and the New Times "Best of Phoenix" review.

George was telling me that he has talked to folks who have driven far and wide (Vegas was mentioned) once they heard that there was authentic Carolina Style Q to be had in the Phoenix area.

George credits the positive reviews as a blessing from God, but I would say the true blessing he has received is his unbelievable talent making delicious, down home soul food, and his easy going, pleasant character. It's obvious he takes pride in what he creates, and he talks about it with passion.

Taking his advice, I ordered the Chopped BBQ Pork, Carolina Style, with Hush Puppies and Cole Slaw.  Kool-aid sounded good, so I got that as well. 

I can't say as I've ever had Carolina Q, so I have nothing to base it on, but I can tell you if BBQ tastes this good in the state of North Carolina, then there are some lucky folks living there!  

I was raised on KC style Q and have had my share of Texas-style, but George's Pork Butt was "knock your socks off" good!  I have had hushpuppies before, but these were hot and fresh, crispy on the outside and moist and tasty on the inside.  the cole slaw was creamy and delicious as well.

We got to talking about other specialties of the house and before I knew it, I had also tried a sample of some fantastic fried Catfish, excellent chopped Beef BBQ (Willie's specialty) and some unbelievably tasty collard greens, (something I've never had before, but will order next time with some fried okra.) 

George also talked about his past and how he and his wife came to own and name the place.  I'll save that story for him to tell you when you come in.  It's a story worth hearing. 


I didn't have room for dessert...  :- (  but the menu looked excellent!  Maybe next time.

BY the way, George smokes his butts over hickory, (no gas) and his chitterlings are served boiled, but he will fry them if requested.

He does normally serve his Q with tomatoey western Carolina Sauce, (also in a bottle on the table) cuz that's what most people are used to around here, but be sure to get it with the tangy, vinegary Eastern style, I tried it both ways, traditional Eastern is the best!  What can I say, I'm hooked.

www.restaurant28bbq.com

Phone: (623) 934-0920 
Fax: (623) 937-0816 

CLOSED MONDAYSǾ
after reading the reviews me and my hubby went there tonight for takeout. I got the fried catfish with dirty rice. The fish was really, really, good. even though it was fried it was not in the least bit greasy. It was still crispy even after the 20 minute drive home. I would defiantly get the fish again. The dirty rice was spicy and hit the spot. The mac and cheese was only so so it was good but not amazing. The portions were generous too, I have enough for lunch tomorrow. 

My hubby had the fried chicken with the red beans and rice. He said that everything was really good, but the chicken was greasy but he's get it again. It must have been good, he ate every thing.Ǿ
Let me start by saying I have never had BBQ I didn't like. I've had BBQ I could do without, but never that I didn't like. Went in for lunch today and I was the only customer, so I figured cool I will get good service no matter what. The girl sat me and was very pleasant and indicated my waitress would be right over. About ten minutes later, watching the waitress talk on a personal phone call at the bar the whole time, the girl who sat me came over to take the order. She walked up, didn't say a word, and just stared at me. Ok I can live with that it was only a minor inconviencence. 

Got the #4 lunch chopped pork sandwich with beans and a lemonade and it came out very quickly. Possibly because the beans were Bush's or the like? They tasted like canned baked beans heated up in a microwave. Not cool. The sandwich was ok at best. Thinking back on Stacy's, Honey Bear's, and other great BBQ spots, this one was not even in the same arena. I'll have to go back though and try a sandwich with the correct sauce on it. There was one sauce on the table which after reading reviews here I had assumed was the BBQ sauce. It looked a little watery but I thought whatever its NC style, and it may have been because it was a bit vinegary. On the way out I noticed every other table had a red sauce labeled BBQ, so I guess they have two different ones. I would have preferred the red one I assume. 

There was no atmosphere, the place was run down (doesn't appear to have been remodeled after Shish Kabob House vacated) and was generally a dirty feeling place. Seeing as they didn't have any customers at lunch time, I'm assuming the place is going to lose money today. Don't know about other days, but they better get their act together quick or it is going to fail.Ǿ
This was my first time back since they moved into their new digs. It was a mixed experience.

As in previous experiences, the food was excellent. In fact, I think it has improved. The fried whiting was delicious, and moist, with a crispy crunchy cornmeal coating. The greens and black eyed peas were stellar. Everything was seasoned and spiced just right. 

This is my qualm with a lot of soul food places in the Valley (Lo-Lo's, I'm looking at you!). Most other places really under-season their food. Restaurant 28 gets it right. Everything is flavorful, and a little spicy, but in a different way.

Now, one thing that has gotten worse since the move, is the service. Their system worked just fine when they had 6 tables and counter service. Not so much with a big room that seats about 100 people. 

Though there were only 4 parties there when we went, service was painfully slow. There were longgggggggg waits between waitstaff visits. Our drinks were never refilled, our dirty plates were never removed, and we had to ask for the bill and dessert to go. 

This last visit reminded me how much I love their food, and I will definitely go back for more -- but maybe just "to go", until they hire a professional staff.Ǿ
Almost couldn't find it.  A few months ago I had seen the sign as I was driving by and after researching it I added it to the list of places I wanted to try for lunch.  In that time they moved back to their old location next door and the sign moved with them and is harder to spot from the street.  There is a large difference in size between the two suites and after a year of dealing with an economy that is poor they gave in and moved back.  That leaves them with only 4 small tables.  As I was the only customer at the time that wasn't a problem.

I had never been in there before and was greeted like an old friend by everybody.  The whole atmosphere of the place feels like everybody enjoys being there.

I had the Friday special of beef tips, beans, potato salad, and I upgraded the roll to corn bread.  To drink I had an unsweetened iced tea.  Total was $12.39 including tax for a big pile of food.  When the waitress asked if I had saved room for desert all I could do was laugh.  Several of the sides seem to be purchased and something served me was warmed in the microwave.  What their specialty is is the meat.  Tender but still just a touch chewy, the way I like my Q.  Sauce does not get added until it is served.  I am sure the cornbread was baked there and I liked it because it is not very sweet.  For a small place they have a large menu.  So far, and I will try some other menu items, this is the best Q I have found this far west and the only decent one I can get to during a lunch.

The parking lot is a little hard to navigate with a full size truck if it is close to full.  That contributed to a 3 instead of a 4 along with the purchased sides.Ǿ
This place reminds me of my black Southern heritage...all the down-home cooking, the friendly owner and cooks...it all makes me remember my grandmother's cooking(of course, I can remember that whenever I go to visit her, but Restaurant 28 is a bit closer to home than the 40 minute drive to downtown Phoenix haha!)...

anyway, I've discovered my perfect meal from their menu: George's catfish(blackened and seasoned to perfection and so tender and greasy!) with hush puppies or crispy-moist fried okra and the INCREDIBLE sausage casserole...it all comes with a dinner roll and I always order a slice of the pecan pie for dessert...

this place will leave you full and HAPPY!Ǿ
Oh I had hopes for this little hole in the wall. Remembering they were tasty at the Cajun Festival  I decided to be adventurous Friday after work and get some down home cooking for the family.  My appetite was ready for pulled pork and cole slaw and maybe a tasty side . 

When entering the lady at the counter was very nice and it's obvious they work hard to make this place have a variety of  Soul food.  
But when  I got home I to sadly report that it wasn't really tasty . Nothing memorable , nothing surprising just  tasted like food I d' get at a Church' Chicken Stand. And the cole slaw which I had really been craving was the disaster of the meal , not seasoned, not tasty , just green cabbage with a watery  sourish taste.. 
Brisket and Pulled pork were okay , rolls were served with the food which appeared to be store bought low end parker house . Blah. 
Daughter had fried chicken   and took a bite and didn't care for the over cooked driness.  

Oh well lesson learned , glad to try  but no  new little bbq joint place for me...Ǿ
After hearing and reading about how wonderful Restaurant 28 is, I finally put my foot down and said, "We're going there!". Best move I've made in a long time. I had catfish--I forgot to order cajun catfish, durn my hide!! My Mrs. had catfish/shrimp, and my 13 year old ordered meat loaf. They were out of meat loaf, but she was pretty happy with the chopped BBQ beef sandwich. The women split a peach cobbler dessert, and neither spoke for 10 minutes. I've got to get the full pan--it'd be worth the $25!! Not many tables filled, but kitchen was still quite busy with to go orders. Service was still fine. The waitress, daughter of owner, was fantastic, and running the front quite well. I could tell she had her hands full, but still working her tush off to keep up with preps and keep new arrivals happy and orders going to tables. Great place, can't wait to get back. Extensive menu, so I'll be able to go many times with different experiences!!
Dave K.Ǿ
Went by here recently because I was craving catfish the way only this place makes it. Looks like they're out of business. I checked their website and that's no longer around. Bummer because this place had the best catfish in town. :(Ǿ
i thought the quality of the food was good and authentic southern. very tasty. we went in specifically for the catfish. i was surprised at the prices. i thought they were overpriced for what you got. i guess they've moved next door into a larger restaurant. when i went it was tiny. from the very basic looks of this place, you're thinking you could get some cheap southern food for maybe $6-$7.  instead, most prices were $12 and above. i've never gone back only because i thought the prices were too high. good food though.Ǿ
I joined my family in North Phoenix tonight at Restaurant 28.  As other reviewers have said, the establishment is a bit small for larger groups.  The owners operate the restaurant, they were nice, courteous and friendly.  The food was made fresh to order and did have a bit of a wait but it was worth it.   It was great to get my Southern food kick, from fried okra, fried gizzards and hush puppies to collard greens and fried chicken.   The BBQ was flavorful and you can taste the richness of the beef or pork that you were eating.  Even my nephew who is a really picky eater enjoyed their fresh fried catfish with sausage casserole, so that is a big plus.  Needless to say if you are in the area you should give this mom and pop restaurant a try.  I'll be back.Ǿ
The other night, my boyfriend, his brother and myself were out and about trying to find dinner. I'm always up for trying something new and remembered reading about this place on Yelp. I vaguely remembered where it was located, and we searched the 51st and Olive area for the place. 

We nearly missed it, it's a tiny little place - but I am so glad we found it. I got the pulled pork, corn and dirty rice. My boyfriend got the bbq beef brisket, baked beans and french fries, and the brother got bbq  beef brisket, potato salad and mac and cheese.

Everything we had was great, I also had a side of corn bread and it was fantastic. The dirty rice was some of the best I ever had. 

Seating wise there are about 5 tables inside, so you shouldn't come with a big group unless you don't mind sitting at different tables. The staff (I'm assuming the owners?) were very pleasant, and overall it was a great experience.

We got the nutty buddy pie, and sweet potato pie to go since we were so stuffed, and they were delicious! I'll definitely try this place again when I'm in that neck of the woods.