I arrived and noticed that there were only 2 people working, one in the kitchen and one in the front.  I ordered a breakfast wrap and a smoothie.  The front counter girl was pretty busy, taking orders and making smoothies.  I overheard her that she got a phone order for 10 smoothies, so I could understand that she was busy.  I got my smoothie before my food, which I thought was a little odd.  I got my food, an all american wrap, and headed to work.  When I got to work, the wrap was cold.  The shredded cheese that was used was not melted, and when I bit in to the wrap, the egg was cold.  Since I was at work, I was not going to go back and complain.  These are just kids working, but IF there was a supervisor on duty, MAYBE things like this could be avoided.  I MAY go back to see if it was just a bad day, but we'll see.笑
This tropical smoothie definitely needs some work. The store is completely deserted, including the employees! I stood at the counter for about 5 minutes before anyone came out from the back. The employee that did take my order definitely did not want to be here. Even though the store is completely empty my smoothie also took a while to finally come out, along with 3 hidden employees I might add. What they are working on besides hiding out in the back is beyond me. 


The smoothie... leaves little to be desired. The smoothie is very watery and doesn't taste fruity at all. Honestly tastes like I'm drinking crushed ice. 

Please take this opportunity to train your employees or the place might stay this empty indefinitely. 

2 stars for having ice cold a/c in this blazing heat.笑
Meth heads work here. I hope one of their teeth didn't fall into my smoothie. Omg has this place gone downhill. Obv losing money if the help is this!笑
Ordered the Thai Peanut Chicken Bowl to go and got back to work to find they forgot the chicken, the noodles were mushy and there were about five leaves of spinach.  Terribly disappointing.笑
Long wait. As soon as I walked in, the cashier warned me about the long wait. I was fine with it and he was polite, but what wasn't so appealing was the uncleanliness. No napkins, no utensils, no nothing! They don't replenish their supplies. The staff horse around in the back. Staff needs to be trained badly. They need to keep their professionalism and know the importance of maintaining cleanliness and proper functionality of the store.笑
This is the worst location possible the 1st time I came in he charged me for something I didn't want and was to busy to refund me. I tried a second time and that was my fault.... it took over 25 min to get 2 smoothies! Shouldn't be hard for all the staff they had walking around like they don't know what they are doing or maybe it is. Never again will I come to this location笑
I frequent 3 different tropical smoothie places and this one has the best food quality out of them all. If I want to make sure that my sandwiches and smoothies are going to come out perfect I go to this location. However they are a bit impersonal. I blame it on the manager because he seems to be very anal and OCD, it will drive you crazy trying to do it a pick up order over the phone if you do not follow his phone order criteria. That being said if you order a smoothie over the phone be prepared to answer  the following question "sugar or splenda sugar or splenda sugar or splenda?" One last note, the layout of this location is pretty nice and well kept so overall this is one of the best tropical smoothies in Las Vegas, and they're open 24 hrs笑
This is my weekday lunch spot.  Smoothies are consistently good, staff is friendly, and service is fast.  The Acai Berry Boost is delicious.  Something about the smell of a smoothie place just makes you feel good.  Wish this location had a drive thru for those hot summer afternoons.笑
I sent this email to the owner:


Hello Brian,

I'm very disappointed with the service I received from your establishment today.

As you can see from the receipt,  we ordered almost 4.00 worth of supplements to each of our smoothies, this would cause an overflow to our drinks, which should have been given to us automatically.

To my dismay, we only received the amount that poured in our cup, and when I asked for the extra, I was told I had to pay extra for that.

The worker stated that was your own policy after I informed her that the other Tropical Smoothies give it automatically.

That was extremely appalling to be told I have to pay extra for the "extra" when I already did in fact pay for it when I added all those supplements.

This is not good business practice if this is in fact how you run your business.笑
Hands down the worst Tropical Smoothie Cafe I've ever been to. I am extremely disappointed that this is the one closest to my new house. The first time, my smoothie was chunky. I was literally chewing this thing. The second time, they gave me a cup with a hole in it. The third time doesn't exist and it never will. This is what happens when a store is ran by children.笑
We showed up at 9:50 and the girl who was working said she couldn't take any more orders because she already counted her drawer so we had to wait for the next guy to start his shift. It is now 10:32 and the next guy is still nowhere to be found. Another guy in the restaurant took the liberty to complain and she decided to make his smoothie for free but not for us, the other 3 people in the restaurant. We asked if she could at least start our order and we could just wait until he got there to pay but miraculously they ran out of coconut which is one of the ingredients in the drink I was gonna order. To sum it up this location sucks and your staff is lazy. Horrible experience and a waste of 45 minutes. Only going to the one on Durango from now on which is saying a lot your location is across the street.笑
Crazy to see all of the bad reviews on here...
I frequent this location as it is close to work and I honestly have never had any problems. During the rush hour of lunch, sometimes there's a bit of a wait, but nothing excessive & is to be expected. I did encounter the "owner" others speak of a couple of times, and he was indeed very rude.
Other than that, the food is great, smoothies even better, and staff are very friendly. Will continue to visit :)笑
The inconsistency in the smoothies they make deserve zero stars alone.  Top that off with slow ass service and  hormonal teenage attitude then it's definitely a recipe for disaster.  I don't see why it's so hard for these kids to follow simple recipes, but apparently it's something they can't grapple. The owner needs to come to this store and check these fools.  I swear the location is it's saving grace, and the fact that it's 24hrs.  

I don't even know how there's 2.5 stars.笑
My friend and I were there this afternoon at 6 PM May 25, 2017 we ordered cranberry pecan chicken salad sandwiches barbecue chips and water
My sandwich was not fresh the bread was stale it had chopped apples no Pecans. They had no barbecue chips even though they were displaying them they only had one salt and vinegar chips and they had no bottled water of any kind. 
The beverage cabinet at the front by the register was completely empty
The only good thing about this meal is I ordered a peanut butter smoothie and that one was fine. 
My friend ordered the same sandwich that I did instead she was delivered and Apple turkey sandwich that was very dry. No chips we had to go after the chips and they had no water and no napkins with our meal or on the table. 
The only beverage they were offering was soda, and smoothies. 
I definitely will never return to this topic and a smoothie's café笑
If you want to see what a Grumpy Leprechaun who had his Pot of Gold stolen from him, then GO HERE and ask for the Manager. You can watch his face turn red, just for asking if they accept your coupon! No apology. No suggestions. Only a smirk as it turns it's back on you and walks away.

For this location only: If I could post ZERO stars, I would.笑
I stopped in here because of.... the prices. I thought that under 5 bux for a smoothie was a great price. The smoothie itself was
fine, certainly worth the price. A chain is a chain, but the staff was certainly helpful and willing to please. 
 Typical shopping mall chain ambiance, but for the price, I will be back and search others in my travels.笑
I really love tropical smoothie and I love that this one is by my house to always satisfy a craving. I've never had any issues or complaints until now. Precious was my cashier and she was completely monotone and doesn't even say hello. I know it's just a fast food/drink place and I'm not expecting fine dining service but a "hello" or a smile maybe even a "thank you" would have been nice. My total was 12.06 and when I gave her a 20 she asked in her monotone voice "do you have 6 cents" if I had 6 cents handy I would have given it to her. Hopefully next time I return my experience will be with someone who doesn't completely show that they hate their job.笑
I've always liked tropical smoothie but today I found what appeared to be a shredded contact lens in my smoothie. I've worked in retail for a long time and know that mistakes happen so I decided I would just notify the employees so they were aware. Upon walking up to the counter a girl made eye contact with me from the back but decided to keep talking to her fellow co-worker in the back. I waited patiently for her since the other employee was busy with customers at the front register. After the other employee's friend took off, I was finally approached. I told the girl, "I found what appears to be a shredded contact lens in my drink". At that point the other employee approached and after they both looked at the foreign object apathetically, the first employee asked, "well do you want us to remake your drink or something?". To which I said, "No I just wanted to let you know". There was no apology, no thank you. This was probably the worst experience I've had at a restaurant. I hardly every complain but I just thought I would put this review up so that people know not to go to this location. I super tempted to take back that $5 tip.笑
Called my order in at 10:30 am via phone. took 15 mins to place order via phone. Arrived at 11:30 am, food is STILL not ready for pick up. Finally left the store at 12:02pm. Slow Service, and was late to a lunch meeting due to this. Owner needs to hire more people if they can not keep up with the demand of customers.笑
I love their smoothies and have to say I disagree with some of the other reviews... They have been consistently good because I always let them know how exactly I want it ! The staff is very friendly however! 
The sandwiches are a bit over priced for what they give you!笑
Absolutely terrible customer service!!! I call 11 times for a pick up order and when she finally answers she's rude like I'm the one inconveniencing her!! Then I ask about one the smoothies and she has her attitude saying she's new and needs me to say the name! I don't know it that's why I'm asking!!! THEN I'm fed up and I ask for her managers number or a customer service number and she says you will have to call back another time because I don't have the number. Then I ask for her name which she said it was NICOLE SCATZ then hung up on me! Outraged!笑
Waited a few minutes at the counter until an employee slowly walked up and asked for our order. We get the half chicken salad and smoothie to go. When we got home the sandwich was missing tomato, and had the tiniest amount of chicken salad! Guess that's what happens when there's no management and the store is run by teenagers... Will post photos笑
I go to this location because it's on my way to work. 4/5 times I go, I tell myself I won't return. I rarely have good customer service, the employees are awful, and the owner is a horrible...pretty sure he has no idea how to run a business. Tropical Smoothie is a franchise, but they should be really ashamed of this location.笑
I have been coming to this place for a very long time and I really love the fact that they have the beyond meat!! so this is very nice it makes things very convenient the smoothies are always pretty good and the staff is pretty okay too. the sandwiches are always nice toasty and warm. Yum.笑
Ther service here is always slow; the employees could care less as they sigh and roll there eyes at the customers. It's sad because I love Tropical Smoothie, but as someone who has worked 10 years in customer service, this store isn't acceptable. This store is also extremely dirty.笑
I love love the Smoothies! .....I use the drive thru and the shop is new.... But the window and little shelf are filthy!!!  And getting dirtier by the day. Who knows how dirty the inside is. The line is so slow and every time I get up to the filthy window I'm told how sorry they are because we never have enough employees. I love your product.. But I think you need some hands on managers on site! It's pretty obvious . This location is Green Valley Parkway by Horizon Ridge.笑
Love this location since it's opened. 

I got the cranberry truffle because it's back temporarily and I haven't had it in years! Thank god it's back!

I always get the chicken pesto flatbread with a side of hot sauce because it's absolutely amazing. 

Employees are always nice here and it's open 24/7!笑
Awful customer service. They're rude & extremely slow. The store inside is very dirty & looks terrible. They also don't seem to know to make any smoothie. 
A lot of other reviews seem to have the same complaints, you would think they would fix them. But apparently no one cares.笑
Read menu closely, they deceivingly add sugar to all their smoothies using clever words on the menu to disguise it : "all 24 oz smoothies have turbinado added" should read something like: "Warning, we add sugar to all of our smoothies" WTF people! Isn't fruit already supposed to be sweet enough? And forget about organic, the guy behind the counter didn't even know the difference between conventionally grown and organic. Avoid.笑
Acai berry boost...delicious!!! Quick friendly service. Open 24 hours笑
This place just needs to be shut down. The owner is a jerk and will give you attitude throughout your order or even talk on the phone while he puts your order in. Never makes eye contact and will move you out of the line and let people cut in front of you if you don't talk quickly enough. The last time I came in, a woman at the register was very frowny faced and not friendly in taking my order, then put my name in incorrectly and walked off. I then received a soggy sandwich and two smoothies that weren't made well. Don't bother with this place. It's not worth getting treated like a transaction instead of a person and even the employees don't seem to want to be there.笑
So... has anyone ever been to a Tropical smoothie that didn't take a minimum of 15 - 20 min to get their order? If so, I would like to meet you and shake your hand! This place takes FOREVER! This particular time was insane! And after we finally got our order, the 8 people standing in line we're still waiting to be rang up. 6 people have now left and the remaining two are still waiting to be rang up. After what's now been at least 15 min. No cashier or employees anywhere?笑
I never really know how to feel about Tropical Smoothie. I know it has the guise of being good for you, but they do add sugar or Splenda to thir drinks. What am I to believe?!?

I do like the smoothies and food here, but it is not a daily or even weekly hangout for me. I like to make my own veggie smoothies and I know I do it cheaper than $5 a pop. Food is okay, too, but again, I feel a little too much on the "healthy" side to actually be healthy. 

On the day in question I ordered a smoothie with mango, strawberry, orange, and pineapple. I wanted to put a lil rum in there and call it summertime, but I guess I will just have to wait. Service was friendly and smoothie arrived in record time. You win this time, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, but I'll get you one of these days.笑
This is the worst Tropical Smoothie location I have ever been to. 

Avoid.

They can't ever get the order right, they will refuse to make orders late at night and recently they told me the only sandwiches they do in the sandwich and half combo is the Ultimate Club or the Turkey Bacon Ranch. Since when?  Also, apparently Splenda is an upcharge.  I'm done with this location. 

Go ahead and drive to Blue Diamond or Durango. It's definitely worth it笑
I walk in excited just to be let down ..the cashier  was on the phone and did not welcome us ...he just stayed on his cell and gave me dirty looks ..i will never go here no thanks just rude. ....the manager  or owner should  hire  better pll笑
I like smoothies at 3 in the morning, so I like Tropical Smoothie.  I like the Sunrise, Sunset made with Splenda and whey protein.  Yum.笑
They're more expensive than the other locations and the owner is a jerk. I ordered an omelette that is $2.99 at every other location. Here, the omelette is smaller and $4.49! They also don't honor the LVAC discount. I'm disappointed.笑
This location is terrible. I have been to multiple tropical smoothie cafés in the past and always get King Ceasar wrap, which is usually amazing. It tasted nothing like the norm here, was much smaller and didn't even include the pickles on the side.

Don't bother coming here.笑
Tropical Smoothie is Tropical Smoothies. It's always hit or miss, always depends on who's making your drink and preparing your food. I give it an extra star only because its dine-in is open 24 hours.笑
I love this location! The staff is very friendly and I love the fact that they bring the food directly to your table. The manager is also very friendly and frequently helps his staff out and actually takes those extra little steps like: Would you like regular sugar or Splenda? Also, would you want a stamp card? The latter is crucial for me since I frequently come here for lunch.

Their Veggie Hummus Wrap is amazing and I am glad that they have this option in their menu.

I usually get the Island Green, its good but not amazing. 

Their sandwiches are better.笑
Hands down my favorite place to grab lunch for healthy wraps and smoothies. A must try is the chicken cordon blue wrap (which isn't listed on the menu) and the Acai berry smoothie. The staff are always extremely friendly and the service is exceptional. Highly recommend checking out tropical smoothie for the best smoothies in town. Enjoy.笑
One of the worst tropical smoothies in town. Unfortunately it is the only one near me so its here or no smoothie. Most of the staff tend to be nice but they have incredible turnover. The management here is terrible. I believe they are two brothers that are always upset very unfriendly and constantly making mistakes. I always need to get my order fixed. Today was the final straw I bring in my punch card which was full. They tell me as of yesterday the cards are no longer valid? What is this how can you not honor a card that was filled up by you for a free smoothie.  I mean how much do one of these smoothies really cost them maybe 30 40 cents. I understand if they are stopping the program but honor the card you gave me. It is not the biggest deal but it just shows the lack of customer service. if you have to go here watch your order their cleanliness is subpar and they make a lot of mistakes.笑
I ordered the smoothie and sandwich combo -  the peanut smoothie with whey and the cranberry chicken salad sandwich.  It was filling and affordable.  A satisfying post-workout meal.  Still probably high in calories but made me feel good.笑
I've had been going to this location for 3 or 4 years. The service had always been a crap shoot depending on the time of day. Friendly, passive, could care less attitude, etc. 
The new black dude was so rude that during my last trip that I will probably never go back.
I'm a black man, partly raised on the south side of Chicago to help with perspective.笑
This place is just slow to take and receive your order. First in line and have to wait 20min to take my order? Hopefully your lucky to get your order right. What a joke this place gets worst and worst each i stop by. Great food horrible customer service.笑
Called in my lunch order at 11:30 and arrive at noon. The lady never put in my order... no big deal I understand things get busy around lunch and shit happens. But then the worker, Autumn, blatantly lies and won't admit to taking my order. She was the only one working at the time. I had the call on my call log. She did nothing to fix it.笑
Great service, decent price, small portions...

I ordered hummus, pesto and veggies on flatbread, it was tasty, but I had garlic breath for the rest of the day afterward.  Passable for a fast and inexpensive lunch, but not something I would seek out.笑
Took 20 minutes for a smoothie and a wrap. Even took 5 minutes just to get my order taken. Late to work. Had plenty of time to spare before walking in for a "quick" grab and go.笑
Literally stood at the register for 13 mins while tevin (cashier) ignored us. Correction, he would stare at us, walk toward us and then walk away without a word. He always left the phone off the hook the entire time we were here. Of course he was very rude and took almost 15 mins to make two items.笑
Great food. Prices are a Lil on the high side for grab and go food. But still great.  Wraps can get soggy quick.  Order light sauce笑
I come here almost everyday. I really like them because they are will to put my vitamins in the smoothie. They also take orders my phone and have them ready within 10mins.笑
I'm not really one to write bad reviews, but it was REALLY BAD. The service was unfriendly and slow, but beyond that, the place was FILTHY. I don't think this location has been cleaned EVER. I almost didn't eat my food because I thought if the customer facing area of this restaurant was so gross, I can't imagine what the kitchen looked like. The restroom had no seat covers, no toilet paper, no soap, no towels. The floor was sticky and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. It was disgusting. Nothing was stocked, no forks, straws, napkins. Lots of people standing around waiting. This is super close to my work, but I will NEVER be back to this location again. Gross gross gross.笑
Horrible location, they are always out of something.  Since the location is close to my house I have stopped by here often and each time has been nothing but disappointment.  Last month we went and they were out of cups and lids, they had to put our smoothies in several children's cups with no lids on them.  We tried to order food but they were out of every ingredient BUT lettuce.  We went back a few days later and they were out of straws, we had to eat our smoothie with a spoon.  A few weeks ago we went around 9pm and they had signs posted that they were out of food because their freezers broke down, Interestingly enough, the same sign was up a week later around 9pm;  either third shift doesn't like cooking food or the management could care less about fixing their equipment.  Today I went in (my last time going back here) and they were out of money  and only accepting CC.  Horrible customer service and poor management, someone isn't doing their job very well.笑
Im not a fan of leaving bd reviews but to wait 30mins to get service is kinda insane with one person in line. And by the time its your turn no genuine care or sorry for the wait. Smh笑
There is never anyone at the front when I come in. Finally when I get her attention by almost having to go behind the counter, the girl is pretty rude. I ask for suggestions and she's just like I don't know. I love that this place is so close but the customer service needs to be better.笑
Like my ex-girlfriend, dirty and slow. When I asked if they forgot about my order I got attitude (just like my ex). I'm the only one here and I it seems like they are going to Jamaica to make my Jamaican jerk wrap. 

Sincerely,

Disappointed笑
I always love the food and the smoothies here, but the customer service is rarely good. I am used to indifference up to attitude. There are only one or two girls who work the register who are nice at all. I am happy when they are working. The rest of the time I just expect to be treated like shit or like I don't matter. If you have the time, I recommend the Durango and Warm Springs store. They're nicer.笑
Let me start off by saying that I DONT WRITE REVIEWS BUT I SIMPLY HAD TO FOR THIS PLACE. 
To the people managing this location, what are you guys doing?? I came here on June 24th, 2017 at 10pm to a chaotic situation. The person you had working that night was new and she did not know a thing that was going on. Her line was backed up and had some RANDOM DUDE NOT IN UNIFORM helping her out. Furthermore your employee who you had working that night kept complaining how they left her and talking about how the managers tricked her into staying. Did I mention that her phone was charging NEXT TO WHERE SHE WAS MAKING OUR DRINKS. 
FOR THE PEOPLE GOING HERE, don't. Just don't. Go to another one. IT TOOK ME 25 MINUTES TO GET A PROTEIN SMOOTHIE.笑
Besides the lack of enthusiasm exhibited by the employees, the service and wait time is awful. There are two people in the back and one cashier, yet the line is extremely long for paying AND waiting. I've been waiting 20 minutes now for a smoothie despite having only 3 people infront of me at the register. It's sad how the work dynamic here isn't efficient.笑
This is a decent Tropical Smoothie. I prefer the ones with a drive thru for convenience, but this is a large location with plenty of seating and tables to lounge while you enjoy a quick bite or a smoothie. 

It's located near the freeway on ramp to the 215, so I end up here when I'm in the area and need a quick pick me up.笑
Everytime I come into this place they have new people working so it just goes to show you the fast turn around. Feel sorry for the owners phones never answered just went into this location this morning waited over 3 minutes for someone to come take my order and the kid who finally came around from the bathrooms was on his cell. I was so turned off I left. No manager apparently there either again feel sorry for the owners and the staff they hired taking away money from their pockets. GO TO THE LOCATION ON BLUE DIAMOND!! worth the drive !!笑
I enjoy the shakes but the owners of this place ruin the experience. I believe they are two brothers that need a serious attitude change. I mean common.. charging $5 for a ice smoothie that costs you 50 Cents aren't you making enough. Stop being so stingy smile and be happy that you are ripping people off. I think that shouldn't be too difficult.笑
Went in this morning with a catering order and Travis killed it. Remembered all the small details and helped me out a lot with suggestions. Super knowledgeable employee!笑
I always order the hummus wrap and a kiwi quencher (my bf got me hooked on those)... Hummus wrap is disgusting when it's cold so eat it fast... Wish this location had a drive through for convenience and because it's freaking hot in Vegas and who wants to get out their car?! I will say that the 3 times I've been in this location the service has always been fast and efficient.笑
They got my order wrong and I called multiple times to just have them not pick up and not even have a voicemail. I hung up the third time after 10 MINUTES of not answering. So now I'm out my lunch order money and couldn't even talk to an employee to make it right. Obviously shows there lack of dedication to customers and efficiency if they didn't even know there phone wasn't working, or maybe they want it that way! Either way I'm irritated and will never give this location my business. Very upsetting.笑
Complete morons working here. Pretty much an embarrassment how slow and incompetent they are. 

Won't be coming back to this location ever again. Been here 3-4 times and the dolts working here always screw up or take forever to get me my smoothie.  Twice it took over 20 minutes for 1-2 smoothies!  Wtf?

Don't go here. Pick another Tropical Smoothie. There are plenty around town.笑
If I could I would give 0 star. I came in at 1:30am to get some food for my road trip. I was really excited to try this place out.
I walked in and a girl named asiaaaaa walked out with the crappiest attitude and said what would u like? I ordered the Thai chicken and she said what sides? I couldn't hear her husky voice so I said I'm sorry what was the sides again? And she repeats very slowly as I'm a child with mental issues. See I'm fair and honest. But if u insult me especially at a restaurant I'm gonna give u the worst attitude back. Other wise this place looks tropical and it's close to my house but their hiring manager need to do their jobs right as in hiring the right type of people. This isn't the type of crap service anyone deserves.笑
Terrible, rude, and SLOW customer service. Cashier was moving at glacial pace which is exactly what someone wants when they need to get to work and are just trying to get something to eat. Not really sure why I stood at the counter ready to order for about 5 minutes while the two employees dicked around in the back, even though they saw me at the counter waiting.笑
What do I crave on hot days?! A smoothie, of course! 

When I entered, the guy working the front did not even acknowledge my existence and was too busy talking on the phone. After waiting for about five minutes, he finally got off. He did not apologize for the wait at all while taking my order. He did not greet me or say anything or prompt me to even take my order. He kind of just stared at me... Awkward.

I waited approximately 25 minutes for two smoothies. There were three people working on smoothies, alone. Food was coming out quicker... I watched two customers who ordered behind me (one with a smaller order and one with a larger order) get their drinks like five minutes before me. NOT COOL. Also, I'm pretty sure I saw one of the workers grab something small (nuts?) with his bare hands to put into someone's smoothie. Gross. Please use tongs or a scoop... 

We'll... What can I say, overall? I love their smoothies, but their service is definitely hit or miss. Today has been the worst service I have ever received from this establishment. There has been times where I've been in and out within five minutes with amazing customer service. I guess it depends on who's working and if it's a lucky day. I'm going to try to avoid going here, but the location is really convenient.笑
I always order the chocolate chiller and the Buffalo chicken wrap or the delicious chicken ceasar salad. Didn't realize this location is 24 hours and so close to home!笑
This place is great during normal business hours. Open 24 hours walked in waited 15 minutes didn't get even a hello even tho guy looked straight at me. Walked out sat in my car another guy walks in with a Togo order and he helps him immediately. Love the new chia banana smoothie.笑
Management, I hope you're reading!! Your staff is terrible. I refrained from writing a review for this location until I've been here enough times to be sure. I have come in on a few occasions and just stand there at the counter. All of your employees see me. Not one person says "someone will be with you shortly" or anything of the sort. My last time I waited 7 minutes before the girl came to the counter. She didn't even say "oh I'm sorry about that." Damn horrible service, staff!! Lucky I like your Get Up and Goji otherwise I wouldn't put up with this crap. Fire your whole crew!笑
How are all the ovens not working at the same time???? Also, the staff could smile a bit, if you hate mornings, don't work mornings.笑
Six months ago I swore I would never come back to this place.  The service is just terrible.  I arrived around 7:40AM on my way to work to find the lobby filled with people waiting to order, and just as many waiting for their smoothies.  There were at least three workers on shift but only one was up front-- both taking orders and making smoothies.  Again, only one was helping the whole room full of people.  I waited good 15 minutes for my time to order only to be told then, that she was too busy to take my order.  At this point I advised the young lady that I knew it wasn't her fault, but that all of us waiting were on our way to work, and this kind of wait was unacceptable.  I told her that her that they needed to get everyone up front and helping the customers, or if that was not possible, that her boss quite simply needed to hire more people.  To my surprise, she actually started to push back, but by then I'd had it and turned around and left.

Cut to Wednesday of this week.  I finally forgave and since they're on my way to work, decided to give them a chance once again.  I stop by and much to my surprise, the very same girl was the only one working! Fortunately, I was the only customer in the building, so she was able to help me without too much delay, although her demeanor is about as warm as an Alaskan winter.

So I go back again this morning and it is literally the same scene I walked out of six months ago.  The same girl is the only one working, the room was full of pissed off people waiting, the girl doesn't care and won't bring anyone up to help.  No manager or owner in site.

I didn't say anything this time as, burn me once.... you know the analogy...

It is a pity that the Tropical Smoothie brand allows it's name to be represented in this way.  They have a good product I would like to continue to use, but I will NEVER enter this location again.  

This is the worst run establishment in my zip code hands down.笑
I love this place when I am trying to eat healthy. I recommend the health nut smoothie. The people that work there are very competent and friendly. The bathrooms are clean, so are the tables and floors.
They got a cool sitting area hiding in the back, super cool. The even served me at my table an brought me napkins and a fork!
The health nut smoothie with strawberries instead of blue berries is to die for. The staff is great. Good job guys, and the food is super tasty for being healthy.笑
went here today with a friend to have him try a coffee smoothies I had at another location...  totally was excited to have him try it.... 

womp womp.

it was horrible.  you'd think everything would taste the same even if it was at a different location.  [it is a franchise]  the recipes are provided with the franchise usually.. and with specific instructions i assume?

yeah. no. 

it was watery and had no flavor!  I guess they just weren't into it yesterday? not into serving what their supposed to be serving?  get it together yo!  everything should be as expected! duh!笑
I stopped in to get a quick bite to eat, I haven't had one of their wraps in a few months, so I decided to order their Thai Chicken Wrap. When I got back to the office and opened it I was so surprised that the wrap was so small. I remember getting the wrap months ago and they were so much bigger, almost to the point where I could not eat the other half.  
It was a tiny wrap with very minimal chicken and to be honest it was mainly tortilla. 

This Tropical smoothie has messed up my order in the past so I was on the fence about going their, but after this experience it is safe to say that I will not be back.笑
1st visit to this location was... Decent but all the booths were dirty in one way or another... on my visit I was at the mercy of someone's personal playlist for the not so great music.笑
Very slow. Ever time i go to this location i wait 15-20 minutes for a smoothie. They need to hire more help. 19 minutes today.笑
The employees touch everything (including the counters,  doors,  and money) without washing their hands or changing gloves. Pretty gross in that respect.笑
I used to go to this location a lot a couple years ago.  I stopped going, because the workers were REALLY rude...they actually made fun of a selection that I made for my smoothie.  

Yesterday, I was craving a coffee nut smoothie with dark chocolate before disc golf, so I stopped in. 

Much better service.  The guy was great.  Very polite, very quick, and I got a discount because I'm an LVAC member.  (Not all locations offer this)

The  location was clean, and the only reason that there is only 3 stars, is that the tables were kind of in disarray, like they were in the middle of cleaning or rearranging and just stopped.  

I'd go back again.笑
Came here the cashier was turning people way saying that the register was broken and wouldn't be back up for possibly an hour or more. I feel like there is a far better way to handle this from a customer service point of view.笑
I go here 5 times a week for breakfast before work. Always greeted by the friendly staff who display great customer service. Normally I wouldn't think to review a 'fast food' place, but the exceptional service should be recognized.笑
30 minutes for lunch...jump in the car and head to Tropical Smoothie Cafe
24 minutes left...Arrive at TSC and open the door - ARGH a line!
22 minutes left...wow, that line moved fast, I'm ordering!
20 minutes left...waiting with several other folks for our smoothie/wraps/etc...
18 minutes left...Got my wrap...smoothie folks still scoopin and churnin...
17 minutes left...Got my smoothie and grab a table
15 minutes left...BRAIN FREEZE - ok, slow down, eat some wrap, close eyes and wince
12 minutes left...that wrap was scrumptious (I know, who uses that word right?)
10 minutes left...back in the car, still half a smoothie left to sip
4 minutes left...walking back into work, plenty of time, still sippin my smoothie

Gotta say, this place has very tasty and healthy treats, they are faster than you expect, and the service is great and efficient. They've got a loyalty card, so your tenth item is free.笑
Evening of 7/28/2016
This place is a dirty disaster. 
First of all, the staff was blasting gangsta rap, it was so loud that I had to ask the guy at the counter to repeat himself several times while taking our order. They were out of watermelon and several ingredients for the hummus sandwich. Tables inside were not clean (and the loud music continued) so we had to sit outside in the summer heat. 

The Thai wrap I ordered not only came with wilted, overly marinated lettuce, and dry chicken, but I found a plastic clasp in my sandwich, you know the kind that comes on every loaf of grocery store bread that keeps the bag closed? Yeah, that happened. I took it back to the counter immediately and the staff only said "oh, sorry about that". I guess they're ok with making harmful mistakes in people's food. Biting into plastic and almost swallowing it, was not fun. 

All other food in our order was ok, absolutely nothing special. Mostly slapped together and not worth the $30 I spent at all. We didn't order smoothies, but we also will NOT be back to try them, either. Pretty bad on every level, especially the service and atmosphere. Yuck, yuck, yuck!笑
How can a smoothie place be bad? It's smoothies!!! Tropical smoothie is a great place to go pre or post workout. Just stay away from the turbinado. It's too sweet and you don't need it. 

Every smoothie I have ever gotten there has been good. I tried a coffee smoothie once and loved it. 

They got good food there too.笑
Employee was smoking weed with her boyfriend when I went to get a smoothie here. Did not like how it was made and requested to get a new one. She had an attitude and said she would rather give a refund. She was more concerned about getting back to her boyfriend and smoking on the job.笑
Gone downhill and who likes to get home and find out you're missing food especially when you don't live nearby.  Used to live this place, pretty ticked off now.  Won't be back.笑
Smoothies are great and cheap. Very convenient that they're open 24 hours... Down side is the customer service. Seems like it's an inconvenience that we're coming in and bringing business to this establishment. Idk maybe its time to hire new workers?笑
Tropical smoothie is one of my favorite go to places. I always get health nut with soy protein instead. My family has tried almost everything. Everything is good except the sandwiches are smaller than expected. Every tropical smoothie is a franchise, therefore, happy hours and hours of operation varies. This location is the one I go to the most. Happy hour is from 5-7p.m. and it's buy 1 get 1 for $1.99. Tropical smoothie is a Vegas local spot. Check it out!笑
I'm in love. It is right by my work, open 24/7, and great prices! So, of course, we have to judge the food right? Delicious! I got the avocaolda ( huge smoothie and you can add to the shake) & I made it a meal with the chipotle chicken club flatbread and I'm super happy with it. Especially for $10- it's Vegas, you don't get many low cost health conscious restaurants here. Quick service. Quiet cafe environment in the morning on a Sunday. You can order online....笑
I ordered from this location for a catering order for work.
The food arrived on time (via EZCater).  The food was plentiful and quite a bit for 10 ppl.  Win Win in that department.  I ordered an assorted sandwich platter & loaded spinach salad (which came w tons of pecans, bacon, candied pecans, Gorgonzola, peaches, dried cranberries, and raspberry vinaigrette).  Listen that dressing was everything.  Not too sweet, not too bitter.  PERFECT!  Also ordered the Fruit Medley.  That was really no big deal.  Apples, oranges and grapes all cut up very fine.  
My only complaint is that I ordered chips w the platter and did not receive any.
I would definitely order again but was just a bit disappointed.笑
Workers like Christine totally restore my faith in this company! Kind, considerate, informative, pleasant, and welcoming. Nothing like my experience at Blue Diamond's Tropical Smoothie not too long ago (read previous review) with the rude girl working grave yard hours. Kudos to you Christine and keep up the great work! Looks like I have found my new Tropical Smoothie go-to!笑
Hands-down the worst Tropical Smoothie location I've ever been to. Not once has someone greeted me as I came in, and most of the employees have an attitude problem and act like they don't want to be there. The smoothies taste good but the food sucks.They also don't apologize for the food sucking, for ringing up the wrong menu items, or for their slow service. About 7 of my friends have also had bad service here also. Honestly, I wouldn't even rate them as high as 1 star, but Yelp wouldn't let me put 0 lol.笑
I love the smoothies, I order with Splenda for the GF, and just NO sweetener for myself. They are just as good,
 The Chicken Pesto Flatbread is delish, most of the food is. The salads are a good  gluten Free option.
 Casual, quick, usually not too busy. Great for lunch or a late breakfast. They have  several breakfast options.
 I add Flax or Oatmeal to make it a meal, with no food. Now I want a smoothie. Peanut Paradise. MMmmmmmmmm........笑
Three employees trying to figure out the register, to no avail. Several of us just standing there with no communication (a simple, "be right with you" would have gone a long way). I'm headed to Jamba Juice.笑
I mean, what else is there to say? If your reading this or if you have read any other reviews then you already know that this is Gods Gift To Earth! Plain and simple, the girls are fast...the food is delicious and the smoothies are always perfect...I've never once been here and got the wrong order. This establishment has me for life, I drive across town 20 miles just to come to this location, refuse to go anywhere else...笑
I get that it's Christmas Eve but there's no line, three girls in the back are talking and laughing while we waited in front for 2-3 minutes. I looked back twice to see if they saw us. In the middle of her taking my order she engages another girl in conversation, talks to another customer that walks up asking for something when the two girls in the back could've helped. Super annoyed and she wasn't even nice. Probably could've cared less. Not really interested in coming back to this location.笑
Chipotle style place.. The only thing is that they open for 24/7 and that the food tastes worse..(if possible)
The experience is that it's a junk food place that trying to sell you health in a form of healthy smoothie... While serving you junk food and smoothies that are far from being healthy..
Hey, they can do whatever they like but you should know that the food is horrible.. Just a nice name for an alternative junk food..笑
Summer is upon us, and a smoothie is a great way to get a bit of relief from the heat.  There's plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's through out the valley, but I'm not sure if they are all exactly the same.  Some details for this particular location:

Happy hour 5pm-7pm daily, second smoothie is $1.99.
Free wifi
Outdoor shaded seating
Open 24 hours

All of these things make for decent alternative to studying or working from your laptop at home.笑
Unless you like long waits and rude service, you may be happier to drive right on past!笑
Not the best chicken salad sandwich. The menu says it is toasted though mine wasn't and there's hardly anything on it. Just a floppy disappointment. I won't bother returning. The smoothie doesn't taste like it used to either. Blah.笑
No stars if I can...I vowed not to return to this store after last couple bad experiences. My staffs were there and they wanted to order some smoothies for the office. About an hour later, they wanted to cancel the order and walk out. Then an employee rushed to make the smoothies and they all came out HORRIBLE!!! This place is going down very very quickly...sad to say.笑
-1 star = Not a drive through location which sucks.
-2nd star = their food tastes are not consistent with other Tropical Smoothie Cafes.

But there is outdoor seating, and sometimes they WILL get it right.笑
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Some of the younger cashiers who aren't very helpful. The salads and noodle bowls.

LIKE  The Wasabi Caesar Roast Beef sandwich. The Early Bird wrap. Most of the smoothies. The tropical ingredients and supplements.

LOVE  Open 24 hours.笑
I've never given a one star review. But this was the worst Tropical Smoothie Cafe experience. They were barely busy on a Saturday afternoon (four customers) so I was patient and expected my Detox Island Green to be fine, but when it came out it was incredibly chunky. I got a big piece of ginger in the first sip. Not pleasant whatsoever. 
Neither was the girl that was at the counter, I watched her take the customers after me and she said "hi" reluctantly and with a straight face and just stared at them while they both recited their orders and then swiped the card and threw down the receipt for them to sign. 
I get it. You're young, it's Saturday and you'd rather be anywhere else, but you have a job, do it. And learn how to not only give good customer service but just have common courtesy or else you have no business working anywhere.笑
Clean place , awesome smoothies , fresh taco 
I had one of each chicken,Fish, steak.  Good spice spice . For sure going back. And is open 24 hours .笑
First time I've been here months ago service and everything was much better now the past 3 times have been terrible and this last time topped  it being the worst. I asked for the chipotle chicken ranch flatbread with no bacon and they and of course there's bacon. They can't follow simple instructions. Then we're waiting 30 minutes after they serve our food for our smoothies. Then the smoothie was all over the outside of the cup it was an absolute mess!!! Tropical Smoothie is really going to sh**. It's disappointing we use to love having lunch there.笑
I wish I could give 0 stars. I've been giving this shop chance after chance for the past few years since I live around the area & I love my smoothies. Usually the experiences aren't that bad. To be honest, the customer service there will always be crappy but I don't even care because people are miserable & that's not my problem. However, I don't appreciate drinking crappy smoothies, especially if I paid for it. They're usually either very watery or they're not blended enough to where I'm actually eating ice. This location sucks. Go to the one on Flamingo & Grand Canyon; it's worth the drive.笑
I used to love tropical smoothie cafe. I used to come to this location all the time and you can definitely see the decline. Came in, stood there waiting for someone to greet me, left without being greeted. It was so empty, felt weird. And what happened to their snack display where it always used to be stocked up full of chips and snacks and drinks. Should've taken a picture of it. There was just two bags of chips there and nothing else. Sadly, won't be coming back to this place笑
When I asked him why, he was rude and I said you're the manager right? He said with an attitude " nope owner!" As he threw his card on the counter and full pen to sign my receipt. Rude. Bad service, I won't go back笑
This may be a knock on all trop smoothie shops. When ordering a smoothie they ask you if you want sugar or an artificial sweetener??? How about providing us with better options like agave syrup , stevia, etc? After all, you guys are all about nutrition. Also, why have a refrigerated case next to your cashier stand when it's only 1/4 full of items. Looks extremely cheesy! Come on mr owner, get with it!!笑
30 minutes for  a damn smoothie?  Stay away if you're out for a quick lunch.  There is no reason or excuse for this at all.  Stop taking orders and help out clear the orders first.笑
They are short staffed and slow for lunch rush.  People just give up and leave hungry!笑
Worst customer service ever. They wanted me to pay for a smoothie that I ordered and I had been waiting for for 15 minutes LMAO okay you can keep your 5 dollars. Every time I've come their food is so gross I just toss it and I give up. I thought 3rd times a charm but I guess not! Do not go to this horrible location笑
It's a Saturday around lunchtime and I've waited 30 min for a smoothie and sandwich. The girl said there were only two and then there were three of them. You think they'd have more staff笑
This place has an amazing variety of smoothies.Off the hook.I recommend it.笑
Smoothies are not currenely being made because one employee has to do both make the smoothies and run the register. The other employee is making food. At least 10 people are waiting for their food/ smoothies. These employees are working very hard trying to keep up. Poor management decision for understaffing during lunch.笑
Horrible service&quality. Cashier was super slow and not professional at all. With no one in the shop, still waited 5 mins for a sandwich. Also she forgot my sides, after I asked, she gave me 1/4 of a cup of kale&apple slaw. Really??? 
If not for the location, I would NEVER come here ever again.笑
This place is called Tropical Smoothie, so I tend to stick with ordering a smoothie. The Island Greens is a great smoothie. Normally can't stand kale, but it seems to work for this smoothie. The buffalo chicken wrap and the Thai chicken wrap are decent low calorie wraps with great flavors. Service is usually fast and friendly.笑
Better than the avocolata, only the service provided by this young gentleman behind the counter. He was very attentive and helpful, a real pleasure to talk to.笑
I go here because it's close to work. The female employees probably should look for a new "career" because their attitude shows just how much the "love" their jobs. 

The customer service here is awful! The girls will go sit in the back while the guy tries to take orders, stock fruit, and make smoothies. 

Very inconsistent smoothies. I always order the same one and it's always different tasting. Literally saw the guy using the sink tap water in multiple smoothies. The "pump" of water was empty. If that's how the smoothies are made, cool.... But customers don't want to see you get the water from the sink. This smoothie is WAY WATERY!!! No measurement when you don't have pumps to count. 

Asked for a thicker smoothie because I drink them really slow and they melt fast. It's super thin and is basically water. 

The employees are NEVER warm or welcoming at this location.笑
Not how it used to be, the employees don't take the time to make your drinks. Mine just taste like shaved ice笑
This place is bad. Went 2 days in a row and the first time we went the guy told us that food isn't made after 12 AM but (surprisingly) he could make ours. Our smoothies had no whey protein in them even though he ASKED what kind of protein we wanted. I didn't want to give him a hard time so I said it was fine, we would try again next time. He seemed like he was whatever about everything and when we asked for opinions about things he would just be negative and say he didn't like it. The meat in the sandwiches seemed like it wasn't even packaged because the edges were dry. The next day we went again, different staff and very bad at basic customer service. No greet and no smile. The smoothies finally tasted like they had whey protein in them but the food we took home was wrong. I had ordered lays baked chips and we noticed they were not even in the bag even though he asked what kind of chips we wanted. I told him and he still goes to grab the wrong bag of chips. I ordered a nice easy simple turkey wrap and for crying out loud they give me a Jamaican wrap. I can't even begin with these people! Tropical Smoothie has so much potential but the shitty employees make me never want to go back! Or at least not to this one!!笑
I got the Acai Berry Smoothie and I really enjoyed it. It was perfect for a hot day before the lake. I also ordered a sandwich that I found delicious. The one thing that I ddi like about this place was that they are now open 24 hours. This makes it easier when you want to eat late but don;t want that greasy fast food. Overall, a good experience.笑
Tasty drinks!  I prefer Tropical Smoothie over other smoothie chains (Jamba Juice etc).  I have had a wrap for lunch too, not too bad, but my 5 stars are for the service and the smoothies.笑
Waited 32 min for 2 wraps. After 15 min I was told my order was coming up next... 4 other people got their order before mine. Didn't even get offered a bag of chips for waiting.笑
One of the workers came in and made her son & husband a drink first before customers then they didn't know which drink was in which blender. This place keeps going downhill. They are no longer friendly.笑
Came in on my break, was impressed by the large venue. Two people ahead of me and we all got taken care of relatively quickly.  Smoothie representative was polite and speedy, didn't take excessively long to receive my smoothie "island green" especially knowing how long it can take at other tropical smoothies. Order came out right and tasted good. Looks to be getting better!笑
I Invited my friend to come try out this location. The cashier Alvin was fantastic I really enjoyed talking to him. They messed up on our smoothies. The location was deserted. Both of our smoothies were wrong. We finally got our order and the smoothies tasted like crashed ice or even like a watered down slushy. Overall I wouldn't go back again. I was embarrassed to have taken my friend to this location. I have gone to other locations and this one just was the cherry on top. Don't waste your money.笑
It's a smoothie place, I'm not sure what else can be said. They take fruit, ice, and other ingredients, blend them up and make smoothies.

They have a pretty solid menu of smoothies, and a bunch of boosters, I've never been a huge fan of smoothies, but if the mood strikes Tropical Smoothie works out well笑
Their smoothies are good and prices are reasonable. The wraps are ok too. I love that this place has a 24 hour drive thru but the 2x times I've been here the wait was insane. Even once I was at the window, I waited another 8 mins for my smoothie. Almost left because my baby started to get fussy. I hope they improve in this area.笑
No matter day or night this place is always a hot mess, always understaffed and no type of leadership. It takes 20 minutes per person to order and another 20 minutes to get your food and then when you do get your food and realize it's done incorrectly it takes another 20 minutes to get it corrected this place is a place is a joke!!!!笑
I usually have a great experience here, but the same day my co worker and we're talking about food workers and hair nets, I received the longest hair in my Thai Chicken wrap sandwich. I was day too busy that day to return so I threw it out without taking a pic unfortunately. Maybe bedtime I'll have a better experience.笑
As much as I love Tropical Smoothie, this place sucks because of their workers. There have been multiple times where I've been not helped, been rude to, or got my order completely wrong. And what's crazy is, the other reviews about who could be their manager (older white dude) are true! He's super rude and for no reason!!! Doesn't know customer service at all and doesn't need to be like that. He makes me feel uncomfortable and also said rude things to my friends. If there was a number I could call, I would so report this store. Also, girls from before were so rude and definitely don't know how to treat someone. Their smoothies here are also inconsistent. Bad service. Bad quality. You're making your business look bad.笑
The food is normally good, but the employees are obnoxious later at night. I like all music, but they turn up the hard core "bitches and hoes" rap music so loud around 8pm. When I walked up to advise them that there was a mother with her kids next to us getting really upset, the girl said, "Ok?". Like, what did I want her to do about it? I just told her to forget it and left. Keep your gangster smoothies to yourself while kids are in the store!笑
Love going here for lunch! Staff is sometimes rude but there's a gentlemen that I dealt with today and now I must give him a good review. He's so pleasant and very informational. They don't wear name tags so I have no clue what his name is :(笑
I love the avocolada!!! My favorite drink in the city. 
Love having this place open 24/7. 
Can't complain. So many options there's something for everyone. Check for their happy hour times... But one get one half off!笑
So everytime I come and this guy Zach holds down the fort! This guy is always working hard everytime I come in here I am surprised they leave him alone. I really hope they pay him more than minimum for what he does at this location. Sometimes his smoothies aren't blended well enough, other than that they taste A1. Keep it up bro!笑
This place has terrible customer service. Lines out the door run by kids who don't know what they are doing and it's always dirty. Also any sandwiches are always thrown together and majority of times order comes out wrong. Sad to see!!!笑
If I could give a negative number I would.  I just left this store.  It was staffed with all young kids.  It was clear there was no supervision. In fact after 25 minutes and asking for my money back on of the worst culprits unlocked the register so clearly she was a manager.  She was on the phone constantly even while making smoothies.  When the kid at the register went in back to get his register opened to give me a refund there were about 7 people back there, they looked at him and when back to their conversation totally ignoring him.  Mind you no one was working making smoothies or sandwiches.  

Whoever owns this place better get their butt in that store and fire the vast majority of that staff.笑
***WARNING FOOD POISONING*** I ate here last night (7/9/17) with my girlfriend. We each had a smoothie & a chicken wrap. It's been almost 24 hours & we both still have major stomach pains & painful diarrhea.  The customer service was horrible from the guy with long dreads who wasn't wearing gloves or a hair net when he made our food after handling cash, equipment etc. Don't risk your health or waste your money at this joke of a restaurant. Health dept has been contacted.笑
I can see why the reviews are so low for this location. I ordered a chipotle chicken club flatbread today. I paid at 2:55, walked next door to Sambalatte, ordered an iced latte, received my drink, updated some apps, went and washed my hands...surely my simple flatbread was ready by now. 

Upon returning, no flatbread in sight. I stood there waiting for several minutes only to see the lady that was behind me receive her sandwich. A couple minutes later the young girl who was behind her received her flatbread. I inquired about my flatbread and was assured mine was next. At 3:16 I received my flatbread, sadly the chicken was barely lukewarm and that's probably generous. 

If you ask me, 21 min for a fast food flatbread is way too long to wait especially mid afternoon when businesses are usually barely occupied with guests. If they're going to take that long, at least make it good!笑
Waited 30 minutes for a smoothie. The staff looked overwhelmed and under trained. They had 8 people waiting for drinks and 7 people waiting to order, yet one of the employees thought it was the time to take out the trash. Very poorly run location.笑
Great smoothie! Delicious flare bread. The manager was efficient and didn't seem to care about me. I asked for a water cup after ordering a meal and drink and he never gave it to me. You can tell by his facial expressions that he doesn't like his job and is upset at everyone. Not impressed with the man with the beard at the cashiers desk.笑
Horrible customer service. Nobody answers the phone and the cashier ( Cody) didn't say hi when I did and was soooo slow and rude. He did not say a word to the 5 people who were ordering just staring Didn't ask for my name just staring and waiting me to say something. Who hires these people?? I would never come back to this place even though I like the smoothies.笑
They messed up our order twice after waiting 25 minutes. I ordered a bowl and it came out as a wrap. They also left off an entire wrap from our order. We also had a watermelon mojito that was extremely watered down and underwhelming. Lastly the staff seemed under trained (didn't know how to put in certain orders and ran out of change twice) and very short with one another.笑
This place is gross! Worst tropical smoothie in Vegas. The cashier, Brian(manager maybe?), is handling food and money without washing his hands and is running out if control.笑
Place smelled disgusting, counters were covered in sticky stuff, trash on the floors. Basically confirms all the other reviews that say this place is disgusting笑
me and my friend has been standing here for 10-15 minutes and nobody has come to help us ,whoever is in the back is obviously sleeping or not in the store 6/16/17 
what the hell...
it's 24/7 but whoever is working in the back as of 1:50am is getting paid for doing nothing. must be a dream job.笑
Ok so I keep coming to this awful place just because a friend of mine chooses it for her hour long lunch! I told her the last time that I can't and refuse to go here ever again! 
So they had this salad that had bacon so I asked to add chicken.... For 2 smoothies and 2 salads with the added chicken it was almost a $30 yucky lunch! I just hate wasting my money at this place and refuse to do it anymore! Horrible employees and horrible food!!!!!!!! Overpriced junk!笑
Filthy. Why are all Tropical Smoothie's so dirty? Is it because the kids that work there are supposed to clean? Gross.笑
First and last time i throw away $14 For a mediocre smoothie and average wrap. The employees were rude and didn't even acknowledge me for some time. The entire place is dirty, I don't know why I even decided to stop here. I don't usually review places but their terrible service prompted me to make this review as I'm sitting in my car forcing myself to have a tasteless smoothie that cost me $8. It's definitely not a place I'll visit again.笑
Don't buy anything from Sabrina. She offered me a pre-made smoothies and she put it back to the fridge when I said No to her. Plus you expect unfriendly service. Attention to the Manager/Owner please check your camera. It happen around 9:45pm.