This place is a little more pricey than the crap next door but I got a ton of meat and noodles. I got a large Pho and my boyfriend got chicken beef and seafood on crispy noodles we both ate for two days. I told them I had a slight shellfish allergy and the owner cane up and asked told me what was and what wasn't cooked in the same oils. Told me they were very scared. It was very nice to see someone care that much .Ǿ
So far We are happy with their above average service comparing with other Vietnamese restaurant...service with a smile at least.  The chopsticks and spoons are dipping in the hot water cup....smart idea...make me feel they are cleaner....Their foods are authentic Vietnamese with reasonable price based on the generous portion that they served.  I like the Pho here, it is still hot even after you finish and Other dishes that I have tried were good too, no cutting corner like some of the restaurant serving our Canadian friends.  I will give five star if they are making the washroom area more presentable and cleaner.Ǿ
Ordered bun bo hue after a night of drinking and it completely satisfied my cravings and hangover. It was delicious and portion was great. Service was unfriendly though. No thank you or anything when I paid. Woman at the front seemed annoyed and was just very hostile. However the food was amazing which is enough to bring me back!Ǿ
Customer service here is amazing. Very nice. Menu is ghetto. But the food is great and the service. Compared to the ones in the area.Ǿ
My new regular pho joint in the North York area, that's pho sho. (I was told that this was a lame pun so hoping someone will find this slightly funny?!)

One of the better Vietnamese establishments in the area - make sure you're going into the right restaurant and not the other Viet place right next to it! Clean interior but only about 10-12 tables inside this place, however, ample parking located at the plaza.

They serve your authentic Vietnamese fare - pho is great and even their smallest bowl will fill ya up for only ~$6. The one exceptional thing you must try here though is their Bo 7 Mon (7 course beef). For about $29, it's meant for 2 people but definitely more than enough to share with 3. They don't skimp on ingredients and is by far the best 7 course beef meal I've had in a Vietnamese restaurant in Toronto - sadly I was starving every time I've ordered it here so no photos, yet!Ǿ
Probably one of the best Pho Places in Toronto. They beef is fresh and broth is amazing. I ordered the rare beef Pho with beef on the side. The high temperature of the broth cooks the rare beef just enough.Ǿ
I got the P1 Pho Special XL. There was plenty of food and the quality was great. Lots of tendons, beef, bean sprouts, among others. They also take Visa!Ǿ
Very delicious
Really clean
Cute decor
Washrooms are pretty they are down two flights of stairs, very scary.Ǿ
Love love love the broth here. For someone who could eat pho 3 days in a row and not complain, this is my go to spot for pho in the area. And once you're done, you can walk next door and get your nails done. There, I planned out your next event. 

Also appreciate the fact that they bring out your utensils in a cup of boiling water, for all you germaphobes out there. 

And might I add, it's not a cash only place??? (You have to spend over $10 to use your card, but still)Ǿ
Place was closed when I got there at 1030 the sign on the door said it was open until midnight.They should update their hours.Ǿ
This is a regular go-to place for a colleague and I from work.

Pluses:
Noodles are of a good quality.  Pho is not salty.  Customer service: efficient, but polite.  Clean place.

Slight negative:
PLEASE cut your chicken into smaller pieces in the pho ga.  I had to open my mouth HUGE in order to get them in!

Seriously, this is a pleasant place.  Not the best pho that I have ever had, but definitely very acceptable and the quality of the ingredients, top.