Sanitation score of 99.5 which is impressive. However, the service is awful. Cashier was rude. No name tag but receipt says Terry D. I just chose to come eat here, not deal with your attitude along with it. 

Their interaction with customers is appalling. You know you have to have respect for those that help pay you. Be thankful for the job you have or leave it.Ǿ
After seeing many promotions for the breakfast there, I decided to detour from the backed up traffic on the local interstate to get breakfast.  The service was great.  I was not sure of how the popular crunch wrap was served so had a lot of questions.  I ended up buying 2 just to sample both.  Also purchase a combo that included coffee and those cinnabon delights.  All of the food was great.  I wish that there were more of those little cinnabons in the combo!!!!  They were good.  For a fast food breakfast...that is conveniently located off the highway....I can go there a few more times!!!!Ǿ
It's a great place to eat the service is fast the drive thru gal is so nice the food is always great I'm getting hungry just thinking about the good.iys clean well maintained one of the best taco bellsǾ
Okay I stopped here today just for a drink nothing major. I went to the counter and waiting for up to 2 minutes watching 3 workers talking near the drive thru. It wasn't about business because they had their phones out and laughing. They saw me waiting to order but they didn't come over. The restaurant was empty because it was around 2-3 pm. I was patient but in the end I decided I didn't need a beverage that bad.Ǿ
The bacon quesarito is phenomenal! This location is slower than most Bells but also cleaner than most!Ǿ
You must be wondering why in the world I'm giving Taco Bell four stars. I would. It's a fast food restaurant that serves high fat ground beef tacos slathered in sour cream. 

What we tend to forget is that's why you come here; to get that quick fix during your lunch or dinner hour. You don't come here expecting top-notch Mexican food and if you do, well, baby steps I suppose. 

Service is quick and food is what you expect. Why would I rate it any lower?Ǿ
This is the worst Run Taco Bell I have ever been to.  We waited inside over 20 min for our order while they serviced car after car in the drive through line. Great info if you're going to use drive through. We were third in line and the guy in front of us had been waiting 5 min longer and complaints to the counter didn't matter. Real Mexican food is quicker than this stop. Visit this location at your own risk.Ǿ
I mean, it's a fast food joint. It's Taco Bell. Pretty much the only thing that one would rate a fast food joint on is the speediness of the food, the cleanliness of the business, the friendliness of the staff but if you come to a fast food joint and expect high quality food then I think that there might be something wrong with you. I stopped in here because I was on my way to an appointment and I was hungry. Just needed something quick. Ordered my food through the drive-through and asked for steak on my Chalupa. On the screen it said beef. When she asked me if everything on the screen was correct I said well, no I asked for steal. The lady seemed to be annoyed that I corrected her which is too bad for her. But I got to the window she almost threw the food out the window to me I guess she was pissed off that I had corrected her. I did a passive aggressive move and sat there in front of the window slowly going through my bag to make sure that everything was correct with my order. Then I tapped on the window and told her that I needed a fork. Yeah, she was annoyed. I sat in the parking lot to eat my food and a few minutes later I see the same lady come out and get into the car. She sat there smoking a cigarette. No offense, but I think smoking is one of the most nastiest habits out there. So it just bothered me a little bit to see that she was the one who has just been handling my food. But, yeah what do you expect? It's a fast food joint.Ǿ
Hands down, this is the worst taco bell I have ever been to. Soft tacos are tiny, service sucks and drive thru always takes forever.Ǿ
Clean restaurant, typical Taco Bell food.  I do like this location because the staff has always been very polite and friendly.  Again, I like the cleanliness to this restaurant.  Not really much else to say since it's a fast food joint.Ǿ
The food was hot, fresh, and tasty. Very friendly service. The food is so good it's worth the farts afterwards if you have stomach problems like me lol :)

If only I could get gas for $1.69
I'd have so much money saved up to buy more burritos from Taco Bell! Great Place 5/5 starsǾ
Very impressed by this Taco Bell. Their service is right behind Chick-fil-a. Workers are very friendly, smile, etc. Food is made fast. There was a mistake with my order one time, they fixed it, and gave me free cinnamon twists! Sweet.Ǿ
I think the associates could be a little more chipper in the drive-thru. I guess I'd say this is your typical taco bell. 

I've never had any issues with my food. Sometimes the drive-thru line is a little slow, but other than that, this place is ok. Hence the 3 star rating from me.Ǿ
Worst Taco Bell that I've ever seen. The last time i went here, it was about 11:00 p.m. I sat in the drive thru for 10 mins and it never moved. There were about 4 cars in front of me. Left. Went to Cook-Out. When i drove back by with my food, the same cars were sitting in line. 

Today, i walked inside. Stood there for ten minutes while the workers joked and laughed about snap chat. Left. Cook-out got my business again. I will not be back.