Do you want a real cheese steak sandwich? Great service, fantastic subs, and amazing lemonade. 10100101010101× better than subway or Jimmy John's笑
I waffled on the 4 or 5 stars. I said to myself, "Self- only Skyline and Shake Shack chains consistently deserve the 5 star rating." Then I remembered how much I like the Italian subs at Penn Station. They always bring my taste buds much happiness. It's my favorite hot Italian Sub. There, I said it.笑
Best Philly cheesesteak around! I know it's a chain but I have been going to Penn Station for years and am never disappointed. If you want a fast, fresh philly cheeseteak, this is the place to go without a doubt. Plus it's cheap!笑
I got food poisoning after eating the Chicken Teriyaki sub. Last 48 hours have been hell. 

Thanks Penn Station!笑
This is the only Penn Station I love coming too! Customer Service is always great! I live closer to another Penn Station but this one is worth the drive!笑
Service, food and lemonade were all excellent!! Had the Philly cheesesteak and fries. The lemonade was the perfect blend. Enjoyed our meal!!笑
The cheesesteak is your typical cheesesteak. Cooked hot and fresh on the spot. The atmosphere is nothing special.  I wish they had one of these near Avon-area..The only one close is in North Olmsted for me.笑
Walked in at 5:08pm with a friend of mine and placed our order right away. By the time I paid for our food it was 5:40pm. Our food still wasn't done or ready until 5:50pm. They brought it out and it was all completely wrong. He specifically asked for no onions due to allergies and it had onions. We sent it back and they remade it and it still came back with onions. Also, I didn't even eat my sandwich because I watched THREE different people handle the ONE 6in at separate occasions with bare hands after handling cleaning rags/products and other food. We drank our lemonades and returned the food. We didn't even want the money back. We just wanted the service and food we paid for. Left the refund on the counter and walked out. Highly disappointed.笑
Great hot subs, fast service, good eats笑
0 stars!  We haven't been to Penn Station recently, but we had an extremely bad and outrageous experience here a few years ago that has prompted us to never return!  I truly hope that management has changed since then.  Basically, my wife found a hair in her chicken sandwich, and management didn't want to make her another one (she wanted a refund at this point).  Anyway, we must have been standing there about half an hour as the snide and wiseass employee from hell kept calling (was she really?) her regional manager (or whomever) to confirm that it was OK to issue my wife a cash refund!  She was clearly playing games with us.  I remember I blew my stack in frustration, and stormed out of there in shock and disgust at their lack of basic customer service!  I don't even remember whether my wife got her refund or not.  One of the absolute WORST dining experiences ever.  At least under that management a few years ago.笑
I can't help but love this place. The club and the rueben are crave worthy. The fries are fresh cut and the lemonade fresh squeezed. The staff at this chain location are always friendly and the store has recently had a facelift and appears to be very clean.笑
I have been going to Penn Station for years, and although it is NOT healthy at all, it sure is tasty.  I went got lunch there while out Christmas shopping.  I ordered the grilled veggie with teriyaki and small fries.  There is just something about Penn Station that I love.  They do sandwiches really, really well.  Add some malt vinegar to your fries, and they will be some of the best fries you've ever had.  Love me some Penn Station!笑
Penn Station is my all time favorite place to get a sub. I drive 45 minutes just to get these each time!!! The bread is always fresh and soft, the fries are cut fresh, the lemonade is squeezed there and the COOKIES ARE AMAZING!!! Worth the drive no matter how far it is!! They are pretty quick and the prices are great. The meat is always fresh as well.笑
This is by far one of the better sandwich place in North Olmsted.I almost always get the Philly cheesesteak with mushroom, onion, provolone cheese and mayo. On occasion I've switched it up and had the chicken salad sandwich, also fantastic. The fries are a little under cooked for my liking, but not horrible. Lemonade is fresh squeezed and one  of he better lemoades I've had. Prices are a little steep, but definatly worth every penny. You may find yourself waiting longer for your food then you would at McDonald's, but again well worth the wait and few extra bucks!笑
I started a job in North Olmsted a few months ago and this has rapidly jumped into my top two places for lunch.  I have yet to have a sandwich here that has been anything but outstanding.  They have good fries (and put out malt vinegar for them....perfect) and the lemonade is excellent.  This location also seems to have a great staff and they're fast, friendly and attentive.  Highly recommend...笑
I've been to this Penn Station location a couple times and have always had a good experience. The food is generally made fast and tastes good. The place itself is a little small so i don't think i would want to eat in during the biggest part of the lunch hour and just get it to go then. Overall I like the place and whenever i'm out in North Olmstead i'll probably end up eating there if i'm hungry at the time.笑
I am just visit the family in the area. I needed good food and quick service. On a whim I pulled into this little strip mall of a shopping center because I was hungry for a good sub sandwich. Well, I certainly got what I was looking for and more. It looked a little unassuming from the outside, but after entering the inside was clean and everything seemed to be in it's place. Upon entering through the door you were greeted in a family manner by the counter person and asked, "How can I help you?". There are large printed menu boards mounted above the counter area, which is set up like a deli counter. After choosing my sub sandwich type, size- 6in., 8in., 12 in., etc (yes they went bigger), and if you wanted it toasted or not( I got mine toasted). Then move down the counter to order fresh cut fries and your drink. It was self serve for fountain drinks. You pay got the meal and get your cup and by the time you are done filling your drink your order is up. The whole process takes maybe 5 minutes. Now for the tale of the tape! How is the food? Right? Well, given the minor investment of a measly 5 minutes of your time, the food is really quite good. The sub sandwich has good balance of meat and cheese ratio, the condiments perfectly fit don't over power the sandwich, and the bread is a baguette type of sub roll which lends itself to toasting very well. Now we come to the Fresh Cut Fries. The fries are flash fries do in Peanut oil (those with allergies may want to note this). I like fries that are fried this way because they seem to have a lighter texture and taste to them. Then again I do not have any good allergies to contend with.the cost was fairly reasonable at about $9. Only thing that is disappointing is that I do not have a Penn Station - East Coast Style Subs near where I live, which is ironically near the east coast.笑
Sure, it's a chain, but they make good philly cheese steak sandwiches.

I'm not a fan of their french fries as they tend to be a little on the oily/limp side for my liking.  I prefer a crisp crunchy fry with bite to it.

Their lemonade is also very good here.  I think I stop in for the lemonade more often then eating the food though.笑
I have only been to a Penn Station once before (a different location), and at that time I was so impressed and excited that they had an artichoke sandwich on the menu that I really glossed over the rest of the experience.  So I was happy to stop in this past weekend for a quick lunch, but this time I was a bit of a let down.  The artichoke sandwich was still there, but it's really greasy.  I felt very rushed to place my order as soon as I stepped in the door and had a hard time getting the attention of the cashier when I had a question.  They must have noticed my scowl though because more than one worker stopped by our table to ask how we were doing and take away our trash.  Nice save.

Not very kid friendly.  No changing table, and I didn't notice any highchairs.