Food is ok.....I've tried better Marlin tacos so these where ok. My brother liked the fish tacos. Friendly service but not that clean. Salsa Verde and tortilla chips are good horchata was also good not too sweet or watered down. I give it a 3.5 stars :)Ǿ
Love the food here. I enjoy coming here all the time. The service is very good and friendly. The tacos are amazing and the carne asada.Ǿ
I ate here for the first time at this particular restaurant and loved the authenticity of their food..their salsa was good! I had the fish tacos..they were fresh tasting, no fish flavor at all=]
I had a beer for only $2.25(i believe). My husband had an octopus tostada..which when i took a bite of, it was delicious.
So, if your looking for a yummy mariscos place to eat where they are friendly and it's clean, i would go back again, for sure!Ǿ
We love the fish tacos here. Stop in once a month on our trip between flagstaff and Tucson. The chef Martin sees us coming and knows exactly what we will order! Everything is always fresh and delicious. The service is friendly and efficient. Very convenient off highway I-17.Ǿ
I went to this place because I had a restaurant.com certificate but they did not honor saying that the owner did not authorize it...which is fine i can get a refund. Anyway i love seafood...we ordered and it took a while to start getting our food. I got the coctel de camaron which was ok. Then my husband got his botana de camaron con pulpo...it was so small for the price i couldnt believe it! It tasted good though...my biggest dissappointment though was the ceviche de camaron...the moment i saw it i knew i was not going to eat that...it was so raw...like completely raw...i returned it and was told its because it takes a day to cook ot completely with the lemon...youre telling me? Ive been eating this all my life i know jow to make ceviche and it takes an hr or a little more...but its a restaurant it shouldve been ready for customer. People were nice...but wont be returning...at least to this location. Ill stick to Mariscos Playa Hermosa or Islas de Capitan both in Phoenix.Ǿ
The two cons for Mariscos Ensenada is the loud music (there is no escape in the dining room) and long wait to get paid and get out. 

That said, it's a quality mariscos experience. A little on the pricey side but, hey, I don't always need the cheapest seafood. Cleaning up the two items listed above, it was a fine experience. Food was good, service was friendly and fast, and the place was clean. Give it a try if you've got that Mariscos hankerin'.