Just plain bad. We went on "opening day," so I could excuse the slow service, but the food was just awful. Chili on the chili burger tasted more like marinara with hints of Hormel. Burger both overcooked and cold at the same time. Husband's breakfast sausage and gravy came out tepid. How do you screw up breakfast? 

Was given no choice of inside or outside seating. Sat outside, no wind break, so everything was flying everywhere. No manager came by to check on us, and saw the server four times: once with drinks, once with a refill 30 minutes after that, once with food, once with a check. 

Strip prices for dorm room quality food. Skip skip skip and go ANYWHERE else in Town Square. Yardhouse, fantastic. Claim Jumper, very good. Brio happy hour, excellent. This place? Crap. Avoid.笑
Stopped in a few times after movies.

They have a weekend happy hour that ends at 6 so stopping in after a matinee is a pretty good deal.  They seem to have specials most of the time too.

Their food isn't that great but for the most part the staff is nice and service is ok.

Its not top of the line but its a decent place to hang out for a meal with friends.笑
Total swill. Food was not BBQ it was baked plain and they threw some BBQ sauce on top.  Food was cold.  Tater tots were cold and hard.  Although the wait staff tried to fix. Kitchen didn't redeem themselves.  Worst meal I've had in this town in years!!! Chef and owner should be ashamed of the hamburger!!  $9.00 was like a slider on a burnt bun.  I have nothing good to say about the food.   I feel sorry for the wait staff, they should make the cook serve that puke!笑
I was really surprised.  This used to be the cadillac ranch, which I really wasn't a fan of, so when we gave it a try today, we weren't expecting much.

We went after work, had a few drinks, an appetizer, and some entrees.  The food was good, the bartender attractive and friendly, and the drinks lower priced than yardhouse downstairs.    They also have tater tots, which I'm always a fan of. ;)

We're picky eaters and so are used to getting our orders made incorrectly.  Sure enough, my wife's sandwich came out with cheese after being requested no cheese, this isn't really a problem, as long as the staff acknowledges the mistake and corrects it quickly, they did, which is really all I can ask for.

Additionally, we're cutting out a lot of fried foods out of our diet, so of course was a bit worried when we got there, but actually the menu was great, plenty of options for those who don't want to for the delicious but heavier fried foods.笑
I just recently heard about Ranch House.  For the longest time, I still thought it was Cadillac Ranch.  On the Saturday before Halloween, I discovered that it changed to the Ranch House Kitchen.  A couple of friends and I, attended a Cross fit party and wanted to try a few appetizers during our visit.

For the appetizers, we got the 8 piece buffalo fingers (medium) for $11.95 and the Ultimate Quesadilla for $7.95.  The chicken fingers were nothing special.  Just your typical fingers, didn't really stand out for me.  I didn't like the buffalo sauce.  I thought it was too tangy and borderline sour.  For the quesadilla, we got the pulled chicken.  The quesadilla is filled with shredded cheddar, jalapenos (charred), caramelized onions and pico de gallo.  My thoughts?  Super inauthentic.  Very generic and not impressed at all.  

When I started Yelping, I knew that I would have to be comfortable with giving not-so-stellar reviews.  I didn't give a lower rating because I appreciate the country theme.  I'm a big fan of country restaurants and bars because of the wooden accents and the character and vibe it offers.  You should definitely check it out for yourself.  The location is prime and in the middle of Town Square.  I, on the other hand, probably wouldn't suggest this place in the future, but on the other hand, wouldn't be opposed to revisiting if ever put in that opportunity.笑
Most people know that this was previously cadillac ranch, everything in there is pretty much the same except the entrance was moved to the opposite side. All of the interior is the same. I was excited to try a new restaurant at town square, I got there and met my friends and waited for about 10 minutes until a waitress finally came by. We ordered drinks, and ordered our food. The appetizer came out, and it was bbq nachos, something different but not great at all. It seemed as if they popped it in the microwave, and put cubes of cheddar/nacho cheese on the chips because there was UNMELTED cubes of cheese throughout the dish. Our food came, and one of my friends had to send her plate back as the mahi mahi was completely overcooked and dry, embarrassed because she had never in her life sent back a plate. I ordered a chili cheese burger, Hmmm, seems as if my chili was missing?  The girl had all of our bills split separately BEFORE we gave her our credit cards. She came back with a long bill that was split 4 times, 4 different totals. We double checked everything, and wrote our names that were on our credit cards next to the totals. She came back with receipts to sign and we left. A few days later I check my online account and noticed a $107 charge on my card from ranch house. I immediately called them, notified them of it, and was told that they would contact accounting and someone will call or email to let me know what happened. I got a hold of a friend who was there, and she checked her account and there were NO charges from ranch house. I called them back, told them that my card was charged for the ENTIRE bill. 

I was called back at the end of the day, told that it was an error made by our server, and that I'll be credited/charged the correct amount. And that I could come in for another meal.

I appreciated the follow up and quick response, I am happy that the problem will be solved. For an error like this, it seems as if the restaurant should have credited the entire amount from my account. Needless to say, I will not return here. The food was horrible, service was bad (the place had about 6-8 tables filled during lunch time). If the food was good I would return even with bad service, but the prices are very high as well for a lunch meal at town square. A complete disappointment, this place will be closed down in a year....give it time笑
Let me begin this review by saying the 1 star basically goes to management for handling the situation myself and my niece were in a few nights ago when we dined here before going to see a movie. I had never eaten here before, and I did indeed check the reviews before entering this place, but I threw caution to the wind because they had less of a wait time than Yard House. Oh boy, that's where I went wrong.

The hostesses were pleasant, and the wait really was not that bad. But then we were sat in this strange booth that was completely separate from the dining room and it was on the side of the bar, but not a part of the bar either because there was a railing between us and the bar. 

I'm not going to completely document our experience, but I am going to highlight a few of the more deplorable offenses. The waiter sniffed my drink to make sure it was Dr. Pepper. WTF moment number 1. We ordered pretty simple dishes because we were indeed going to see a movie. My niece ordered a BLT with the Doritos Mac & Cheese side dish. I ordered half a house salad and the Loaded Baked Potatoes with the Pulled Pork. We then proceeded to wait for 45 minutes before our waiter arrived at our table to tell us there was a big party taking up the kitchen and our meals would be out "very soon". So, we missed our movie. Luckily there was another showing an hour later.

Next, we waited again for our food. During this time the manager came up to us and apologized, comped our meal, and gave us a free dessert.

The meal finally arrived. They brought the incorrect sandwich to my niece. She ordered a BLT and it was a turkey club. She had to wipe all the turkey off of it. The salad was a poor excuse for a salad with tiny witherlings of shaved carrots. The loaded baked potatoes were okay, but the drizzling sauces they put all over it were not my thing. The Doritos Mac & Cheese was seriously one of the worst things I've eaten in my entire life. My niece and I both agreed would wretch right there at the table if we had another bite.

We then awaited our cookie (minus the ice cream) so we could take it to go. We waited, and waited, and waited. Our server arrived to inform us it was still being cooked (we already about to be late to the SECOND MOVIE SHOWING). I decided to leave, so we walked out the door. Our waiter (running) met us at the door of the movie theater to give us our absolutely cold and disgusting cookie.

Sad excuse for a place. It will not last.笑
Food was terrible. I had chicken sliders and sweet potato tots. The service was slow and only made rare appearances. I'm pretty sure I would have enjoyed a meal at McDonalds more than this restaurant. The only bonus is most of the waitresses were cute.笑
So -- I'm not really sure where to begin...

I know that this place was formerly Cadillac Ranch, and I was never there under the previous management. I am not sure if this means I am at a disadvantage with nothing for comparison, or that I have the benefit of being unbiased.

We went to Ranch House Kitchen on Monday night after seeing a movie at the Rave Theaters.  We had been at the Yardhouse for dinner, so we wanted to check out something different for post-movie drinks.  As we were walking up we were somewhat awkwardly greeted by a Ranch House hostess, about 10 feet outside of the restaurant.  She was VERY nice, but it was a weird spot to be greeted.

Going into the restaurant, it looked like a great place. HUGE (probably too big) but it looked like it should have been a place that was successful - clearly they had put a lot of money into it.  Sadly.... we were just about the only customers in the joint.  As we walked past the mechanical bull I was a bit surprised to see a girl of no more than 8 sitting on it.  It was strange to say the least.

We finally got to our table and we quickly noticed that the employees outnumbered the guests by at least 4:1.  Our first round of drinks came out pretty slowly, and my friend said the margarita was awful. We ordered wings with our next beers and they were standard bar wings -- not bad, but certainly nothing that would bring me back.

We had two waitresses, one who was evidently in training.  It was clear that the girl who had been there awhile was not very interested in us.  The girl who was training was much more attentive and spent some time talking to us at the table, which I suppose we expected from them since the place was basically empty.

Overall it was sort of a strange experience.  The beer was cold and the wings were hot, but there was nothing that would make me want to go back to Ranch House Kitchen.  REPORTEDLY they do draw customers most nights, but I'll believe it when I see it.  Just not sure why anyone would go to Ranch House when they can pop down to Yardhouse where there is a MUCH bigger beer selection.笑
Im going to put it short and simple ! This place will not make it ! Breakfast pizza cool but tasted simple..I would rather go to I hop笑
This restaurant is now closed in order to "renovate and develop a new concept"...笑
this place is a disaster. sat at the bar a few nights ago and was not impressed. the bartenders are terrible, no personality and down right rude. they even charged me for someone else's drinks then argued with me when i complained about my bill. this place wont last long especially with all the competition in Town Square.笑
my friend and i was in town square one night, it was starting to get late and we were getting hungry.  It may have been around 10p.  We were just wandering around and we decided to check this place out.  It happened to be happy hour at the time also.  the hosts were friendly..and were really trying to bring business at that hour.  the place wasn't packed at all. anyway, my friend and i sit, waitress takes our order for drinks.  she left.  never checked back or brought the drinks until 30min later.  We ordered our food when we got our drinks and the food didnt come out till aobut 40min later.  I have no idea what the hold up was bc there were literally only 10 ppl outside and maybe 5 inside.  It was kinda irritating. 
However, the food was good. I tried the firehouse sliders and the chili dog slider.  Not bad.  One thing i noticed though- the happy hour menu had $6 choices.  One of them were fries.  but on the regular menu, i saw the same thing but for $5and something.  I'm not sure if it was different portion size for the price difference but I found that odd.笑
Sooo.. Me and my friends all went on grand opening night. Granted it was kind of crowded but the service was awful!!!! I work in customer service and I guess I just thought during their grand opening they would have gone out of their way to have the best customer service ever so that people would come back but that definitely was NOT the case! I was ignored at the bar multiple times at multiple bars, it was awful. And to add insult to injury when a bartender would even acknowledge that we were sitting there they were so rude and acted like we were bothering them when u would think they would appreciate us spending money in there place I guess not笑
I was cautious because of the two star reviews. 
I had great turkey and kale...the kale was a bit salty but the fact that they had kale in a number of ways was impressive. 
I would come back.笑
Took a party of six to lunch here and it looked quite nice from the outside.  Once we got in we were greeted by a nice bartender.  We were just going to stop in for a drink as we were intending to go to the new Coconut's Mexican restaurant across the way but they did not open until noon.  Well since we all had to be back for meetings at 1pm we decided to stay.  We were told by the bartender that the food was very good and she is sadly mistaken.  I had the 1lb pulled pork with root beer BBQ sauce and it arrived lukewarm to cold and it was nearly tasteless. I ate a few bites and my stomach is in knots right now as well as two others that also had the pork.  Another coworker had the beef brisket and he said it was very greasy and his stomach is in knots as well. 

It's kind of sad that a place that is just opening isn't paying more attention.  To ruin the reputation of a very nice looking restaurant the first week or so out is horrible. They had a lot of staff on hand but it seemed like people were just walking around doing nothing. In all fairness they did try to make things right by removing my order from the bill and providing free drink cards (we left them on the table as I doubt we will be back). I hope they wake up and provide a better experience for the next diners because if they don't that is going to be one heck of a waste of money.笑
Two stars overall? I didn't want to believe it. I went in with an open mind (and a $50 gift certificate) and wanted to see what this place was all about.

There are three things that I will say were good about this place: my watermelon jar cocktail, the sauteed kale, and the service. Our waitress was super nice, the hostess/bartender, too, and both were willing to be friendly and chatty without getting up in our space. The cocktail was fruity and delicious, refreshing and at once dangerous. More than one, and it could have meant an afternoon bent over the toilet, especially considering the proceeding meal. But I digress--the service, the kale, and the cocktail: that's where the good parts end.

Chips and queso con carne--this was straight up chemicals with cold ground beef on top with fry bread chips. I ate it because it was there, and also because somehow I have an affinity for Taco Bell-calibre food, especially in a place with liquor.  We ate some and moved on.

I ordered a Caesar Salad with Mahi Mahi on top. The fish was cold and slimy, and the dressing tasted disgusting, and had zero Caesar flavor to it. Applebee's has a better Caesar than this--it was a pretty confusing excuse for Caesar. My boyfriend had a sandwich with a hamburger (overcooked), BBQ pork, and bacon and a side salad. His salad was also particularly weird, though we both agreed that his sandwich was the entree winner.

As for sides: we ordered the Dorito mac and cheese, and let me tell you. Whatever kind of cinnamon-sugar they are using in the cheese sauce portion of that dish made my taste bugs scream in pain. I'm extremely judicious in using profanity to describe foods, good and bad, but I can safely say that I truly thought, WTF is this mac and cheese debacle? The sauteed kale was good--I just wanted to have a nice vegetable-laden lunch--but it wasn't enough to rectify the meal.

I'm so very sad to say that I will not be back. It has a cool decor and a very cool set of ideas behind it, but it was not worth even the $11 I ended up spending on top of the gift certificate.笑
Unfortunately... not a repeat for D & G... it was on the way to the movies - about the only highlight of their location... connects to movies (Rave) ramp...

Do not like leaving negative reviews... just not my cup of tea...

I will say, however, that for football season - the large screens will not disappoint...

your constant companion,

~deirdra笑
one word.. Gross. 
Went thinking this was a country style breakfast place. wrong. No steak and eggs, no biscuits and gravy.. WTF?

Will not go back and  this place will not last long.笑
I stopped in alone for a couple of drinks and it happened to be gong Karaoke night. Though I believe this was a rather new and somewhat different offering than normal Karaoke there appeared to be many regulars in the audience who were supportive of one another. I like to keep moving so never required service though every time I went to the bar for a drink the busy bartender knew exactly what I was drinking and took care of me quickly. I was particularly enamored with the entertainment hostess Chondell. She is a gem.笑
Stopped in after a movie. I was never crazy about the Cadillac Ranch but since it was taken over by the Ranch House, we thought we'd give it a try. Being a beautiful  night we sat outside. Our waiter was excellent. I haven't had such good service in a long time. The food on the other hand, not so excellent. Very typical bar food. A little more greasy than most bars though. I definitely  can say we won't be stopping back here anytime soon, especially with The Yard House just below. 
I truely hope our waiter finds a better job, one more suited to his talents..笑
Gross......Without boring you with details, well, it's just not worth the walk up the stairs......The 3 of us sat outside and ordered from the blonde with an accent that didn't have a nametag, nor did she give us her name, ever.  The caesar salad (first bite) was so bad I wanted to vomit. Old, wilted, rancid and soggy. I ordered tomato soup instead. It was so-so. My husbands burger was "fine" he said. My son's pulled pork was topped with cole slaw and we couldn't find the meat. The bun was non-exist because it deteriorated to nothing from the watery cole slaw.. fries with both were cold. The manager tried to make it better with the rancid salad but the worst part of this total eating experience was the security alarm of the restaurant next door that was piercing my ears going off for (true story) 25 minutes. I was going to shoot someone. The check took over 20 minutes to get to us after we asked for it. That was longer than it took to get our food. We will not go back. Once again, not worth my efforts of walking up those stairs. 
Good luck if you try this joint.笑
Hmmm...this place eeks out a 2.5 if i'm being brutally honest.. We came here for a costume party and were privileged to receive happy hour priced drinks for the entire night. This ended up being an excellent deal at a $3 per well drink, and I think they made em pretty well.

They also offered free beer to those of us participating in the beer pong tournament and this was certainly welcomed by yours truly. I don't think the service was much to write home about but they had a cool patio area and a neat bar area to hang out in.

As I mentioned earlier, the food is the least redeeming quality of this place. At least it was pretty well priced with the happy hour prices. The chicken quesadilla was filling but pretty bland. I think they could have used more spices. The chicken tenders were awful and tasted like something out of a school cafeteria. Dry and unflavored. 
I'm lukewarm about this place at best.笑
The movie theater wasn't open yet this morning  and we saw that the Ranch House was. We were pleasantly surprised that we could get breakfast and it was good. Love the Texas toast that was served with our eggs and tater tots. The place was filling up today and we still had great service, friendly conversation, and our glasses were constantly filled.  We will be going back to try lunch/dinner..so convenient right by Rave movie theater.  The service WAS great !!笑
Make sure to hit up the Happy Hour menu.

It seems like Ranch House Kitchen has been attracting a lot of bad rap, but I think the place deserves a second chance. For a bar-food restaurant it wasn't bad at all. In fact, I quite enjoyed it. Being located at Town Square I think some people might walk in with high expectations.

We chose to sit on the patio because there's four big screen TVs playing each of the college football games. I love it how there's misters everywhere, it never got too hot in the +100 degree weather that day. The overall decor is nice, themed like an average BBQ venue - sports memorabilia, wooden walls and furniture, and lots of TVs. The service is some of the friendliest I have had! It was pretty busy but the staff took care of our water and orders constantly. My order came in about 20 minutes, even though the place was pretty busy.

We ordered the chicken fingers, potato skins and taco pizza, which are all under the Happy Hour menu at 50% off. The potato skins are my favorite, served with melted cheese, chives, and a touch of sour cream. None of the dishes were THAT oily. Try having real bar food from a small local casino near Boulder Highway and you'll know what I mean. The food is nothing to rave about, but for what it was, I liked it. Chicken fingers were served hot and the taco pizza was pretty unique, although I'll probably have regular pepperoni next time.

The biggest takeaways for me was their lack of a standard nacho dish. They have a nacho dish but it only comes in BBQ flavor. Why? I personally don't like BBQ seasoning except when it's used for meat. Also, their pizza menu is pretty small. They don't have a supreme topping, something that has everything on it. They just have a few regular ones. In the end, we were happy replacing the two with the potato skins and the taco pizza, but I can understand how this can upset some eaters.

Seeing that places like TGIF and Applebee's have four stars or close to it, I think Ranch House Kitchen deserves better. There was nothing in my visit that warranted a two star rating. If they work on their selections and menu better, I'd be glad to give them a higher rating on my next visit.笑
Fantastic pizza choices, great lighter side with a variety of salads and sandwiches.  Wanna just hang out in a group, hit the back patio bar and people watch from above.  Great environment for large groups to take turns riding the bull, or a couples night to hide in a corner.笑
Overall bad experience. We were on our way to Blue Martini (where we would have spent less money and had a great time) when the hostess stopped us and offers us a table for happy hour. We decided to try it. The server took forever to come get our drink orders and then brought one persons drink and then waited 5 more minutes to come back and tell me that they don't actually have the signature drink from the happy hour menu that I ordered. I ask for a different drink. It takes another 15 minutes to get my second choice. Our food took another 15-20 minutes. Then I find out there are other happy hour specials that we were never told about. We paid $10 per drink instead of $3 per drink. And just as I was trying to get someone's attention to bring me a REAL $3 happy hour drink, our server comes over with the check and tells us "no rush" Really?! No rush?! We weren't done ordering and clearly there was no rush from our server while we we're waiting for what we ordered. Not coming back here again. At least the food was tasty when it finally showed up.笑
My boyfriend and I originally wanted to go to the Meatball Spot at the town square but it was closed for Vetrans day so we went here instead. We were seated by a friendly hostess and had a great waitress as well. 

We did end up going during a football game (we don't watch) and we had a 20% off coupon from valet we wanted to use, but we ended up getting some football deals instead. At first I didn't really know what to order, I don't eat pork and the main things were pulled pork, pork ribs, etc. But I wanted to try their style food which was southern. We ended up ordering potato skins with chicken as our appetizer which was absolutely amazing. They were delicious and I almost wish we had only ordered appetizers and sides.

We got the brisket, which wasn't that good. There was a lot of fat on it and we particularly didn't like the sauce, but ate it anyways. We also got the fries and corn which were great. The buffalo chicken pizza we ordered wasn't that good either. The sauce was pretty hot, but the chicken didn't taste good. 

Besides the food, since everyone has different tastes, I would say it was pretty great. The service wold have gotten a 4 out of 5. Our waitress was great, she continually refilled our drinks and helped us out when we were trying to figure out what to order. I believe a manager brought out our food, which was nice, she was very kind and helpful, but she wasn't wearing anything to identify herself as staff. Also, a man came up and took our plate when we were finished, but it was awkward because he just grabbed it off the side of our table and was in plain clothes, we didn't even know if he worked there. 

The place is nice. It has a theme to it. There're guitars all over one wall, a bull, and it was nice. We didn't like all the loud football fans, but we also didn't go there realizing there was a game on. So 3/5笑
My boyfriend, our friend, and I went on a Saturday night. I had read about the change from Cadillac Ranch and thought it was worth a shot. I felt pretty meh about Cadillac Ranch and I like to try new places. Another friend of mine referred to this place as "the place where they stand outside and beg you to come in." There's a reason they have to beg people to come in we would soon find out. We did get the option of outside or inside seating; we chose inside, booth. 

It was 10ish minutes before someone came to ask if we wanted drinks. She said they were switching sections so I gave her the benefit of the doubt, but seeing staff socializing and drinking while you wait, even if it's due to a section switch, just makes you more annoyed and frustrated. The server was actually quite friendly and attentive. She tried to tell us about happy hour, but she wasn't sure when it began or ended. The whole conversation gave me the impression there's a lack of continuity in training the staff. We needed a minute to decide, she brought our drinks in a reasonable time. I ordered the cucumber mojito which was delicious. That was pretty much the highlight of my meal though.

Our food seemed to take a long time, although I'm not sure exactly what the time frame was. It could have been that I was frustrated with the experience already at this point. When it finally arrived it was meh. My boyfriend ordered the firecracker coleslaw which at first he thought had Rice Krispies in it on account of the crackling sound. He soon deduced it was actually pop rocks. There was no description of the coleslaw so he assumed "firecracker" referred to a spicy flavor rather that the sound it makes. While I get what they're trying to do, it really seemed like a crappy dish made from ingredients on the Food Network show Chopped. He said his burger tasted like a Burger King burger with Ranch House's crappy chili on it. I had the sliders with roasted jalepeños and "garlic salsa." By garlic salsa they mean marinara sauce. I had green beans with mine which tasted like they were waived over hot water. They were crunchier than they should have been, practically raw. Our friend's meal was meh. Underwhelming to say the least. In an attempt to redeem the meal, I wanted to order the sweet potato melt only to be informed they were out of sweet potatoes. At that point I threw my hands up and decided it was a place I'd rather not return to. I suspect it won't be around long.

I thought that was the end of it, until I woke up sick this morning. I didn't have anything else after that meal and I'll be spending my day nursing my digestive system. I would advise against this place whole-heartedly which is unusual for me. I generally give places at least 2 visits before I review. Ranch House was so bad though, I'll never go back.笑
Went back again last night. Got the family combo, but they allowed us to substitute the ribs for the three BBQ sides(brisket, pulled pork, and turkey). Got some wings too. Food was good not great. Server was good. Kept the drinks full. Refilled my drink and didn't even see her do it. Sneaky fast. Kids loved the bull ride. Don't know how they will stay in business though as we were there from 6-8pm and place was empty. Kids like the place so I'm sure we'll be back.笑
I was kind of shocked by how bad this place is.  The service was terrible.  The prices were high.  Wait times were long even though there were (maybe) two tables occupied besides ours in the huge dining room.  And the Ranch House has somehow found a way to make comfort food bland and unappetizing.  Probably the worst new restaurant I've tried in years.  There is no reason for this place to exist given that the Yard House is right below it and even Miller's Ale House is better.  Town Square may not be a haven for good restaurants, but this place is still bottom of the barrel.  Probably the worst new restaurant I've tried in years.  Stay away.笑
I went to their grand opening to check it out and the service was awful.. I thought it was just because they were busy so I thought I would check it out again. I went again and when we got there we waited to get a seat and the waitresses seemed confused.. After we sat down it took forever for someone to come over to us and there were like 6 other people in the place so it was not busy at all!! When the waiter finally came over to us he was confused he didn't know if he was supposed to be the one serving us. So he took our order and then another girl came over because she was supposed to be our waitress. It was just really unorganized...  The food is not very great either.. I won't be going back and I could be wrong but I don't see this place lasting very long..笑
Went for their gong karaoke. Which I guess is an ok deal- if you sing and the audience likes you, you get two free drinks. If you're booed off the stage like I was by a bunch of pathetic jerks, you get one free drink. The point of karaoke is not to be good, it's to have fun. And booing people off the stage is depriving people of having fun. Being gonged off the stage definitely put a damper on my evening, and prevented me from buying more beverages.

My 3 friends and I made 6 free drink tickets during the course of the evening, despite being heckled by jerks. We didn't pay for a single drink, and I"m glad we didn't. The service was horrible. The waiter ignored us most of the time, and it took him 45 minutes to bring my friend water, after she ordered it with a cocktail which was brought out to her after 5 or 10 minutes. The waiter brought us a check before we were even done. And being booed off the stage certainly didn't help. We left by midnight. The place was dead, anyways. I'm not going back.笑
Kids (12 years and younger) eat free M-F. But who would think my son who's 5'6" tall is still 12 years old? So we weren't told about "that special".

I had the grilled salmon over kale with deep fried green tomatoes. It tasted fishy, probably because I just came back from my vacation in Alaska and the salmon there was to die for. What made up for the 'blah' food was the mechanical bull that my son got on for free, we just tipped the operator. That was the most exciting part of the dining experience. Expensive, but hey this is Las Vegas right?

The two stars is for the clean restroom.笑
Terrible! Terrible! Terrible! The only reason I went here was because Miller's Ale House was packed for Monday Night Football. They seemed to have decent specials, but the worst service. 

We had a party of 8 and were drinking and ordering food in front of the big screen. We constantly had to wait forever for any food and drinks and had to get the terrible server numerous times. Food sucked and tasted like crap. The only good thing was the beer. 

Long after the game was over, we were waiting for our bill and to pay which literally took us getting the manager, who was just as slow. 

Good bye! This place is done and will not last long at all. STAY AWAY!!!笑
Worst place ever!, they advertise on a banner inside townsquare "kids eat free" what you can barely read is that its between certain hours in fine print, went on a Monday afternoon, townsquare was busy, not a soul in this place, greeted with a smile by the hostess then she was casting racial aspersions under her breath through her smile as we sat down (my family &I include. My 5 yr old son) we looked through the menu, the waiter greeted us and kept addressing me as " boss" (we counted 4 times), other than that he was polite, and spoke with manners leaving me to realize he was disrespectful purposefully, upon waiting for our entrees we noticed a tall black guy who appeared to be the manager behaving very inappropriately with the female staff, it was shocking! food was late, we waited there  at what seemed like an eternity as the inmates ran the asylum around us, The food arrived and it was horrible, the burgers were cold the fries were cold, we looked at each other like we were in the "Twilight Zone" never again...avoid that place like the plague...p.s. only left a star because I had too, to process this review...笑
The food was terrible!! I ordered the fried chicken salad and made it into a  wrap to go .. the kitchen did not cut it properly so when I received my wrap all the salad fell apart .. the fried chicken was burnt and hard so I had to pick all of that out of my wrap.  But the salad was so dry and bland that I just tossed the wrap .. decided to just eat my fries but found out the fries were undercooked .. yay for a terrible lunch on my break : maybe they need a few more weeks to get everything settled .. but I don't know if I will take that chance .. staff was a bit clueless this time so at least in a few weeks service will be better. hopefully.笑
The service was was very attentive and friendly, but the food was...exactly how Yelp explains it, "meh. I've experienced better."  It did the job as to get food in my stomach but it wasn't the nachos I've ever had.  *I did love the fact that they had BBQ chip nachos where the chips were made in house though!笑
Get it while you can! I would be surprised if this place in open in 6 months!

I have gone to Ranch House the past two Sunday nights for football, and both times it was nearly empty. They have drink specials and a $5 food menu while the games are going, which is nice touch. 

You can't come to this place expecting 5-star food. It's not that type of joint. I have had a few different pizzas and potato skins, and they were decent. I have also tried the cookie skillet (knock off pizookie), which is really rich and sweet. No real complaints - it's good bar-quality food.

Really nice place to watch the game, shove down cheap beer and food, and catch a ride on the bull. Perfect for large parties, and they have raffles during games. It's a win!笑
Gave this place a few tries. New management, new menu. Couldnt hurt. One trip here we had an hour to spare before our movie started. Ordered a jack and coke. After a while i acutally started to time it considering we had a movie to catch. 22 minutes for a jack and coke. Why we waited that long i don't know. But I'm forgiving since i do work in F & B and they looked understaffed with only one bartender. Bartender never came back to check up on us and we were interested in ordering so we just left money for the drinks and went downstairs to yard house  where we were able to get a drink and have some appetizers just in time for our movie. 

My first visit was with a friend they had just opened and the service was lacking, service took too long, and the foos was average bar food at best. Speed up service or work on the understaffing issue cause i wanted to give this place a chanceWould i come back? probably not with all the other selections in Town Square.笑
-Bait and Switch is Illegal-

My family and I ate here for lunch today, 5/25/2012.  Our server was Karen.

We were interested in trying this place because of the promotion, "Kids Eat Free M-F until 2pm with dining adult."  That is all it says, with "dining adult."  We each had a pizza and when we got our bill we were charged $6 for our son's meal.  When I asked why, Karen told me that pizza didn't count as an entree.  I told her that her signs all say "dining adult" with no stipulations.  She refused to budge.  She also refused to give me a receipt.

After leaving I called to speak with a manager since I was still upset.  The manager, Kristina (Christina?), kept repeating that it was "with an adult entree."  I kept telling her that all her signs said "With a dining adult" which would be myself and my husband and why would pizza not be an entree?  She started to tell me that no other discounts can be used.  We had no other discounts.  It was only when I mentioned that Bait & Switch is a completely illegal practice did she begin to backtrack, say she would speak to Karen, and that she would refund us if we came back.

The food was ok, nothing spectacular, and the service was very slow.  Karen took my drink order and then left to get it without asking my husband or son what they would like.

Also, the table next to us (a blond family with French accents) also had issues with the "kids eat free" promotion, so I know it was not just us.

I told the manager she may want to read these Yelp reviews rather than keep arguing with me about something I know to be completely illegal.笑
Formerly Cadillac Ranch, and not much has changed. Brisket pizza was satisfactory but thick sliced fresh jalapenos were a bit too much. Mahi mahi was very good, but somewhat small. Wait staff was average, and it goes down hill from there.  Music included F-bomb dropping rap, unacceptable for a place that claims to be a "family" place. Then a 18% Gratuity tacked on a party of 4 adults an 2 kids. Needless to say, I wont be going back, and made it known on the customer comment card.笑
Poor, poor, poor service AND BAD food!
  
The only thing that was great was the awesome hostess that helped us find the perfect seats and got us drinks since our waitress wasn't around.  All the TV's are also a plus.  I'd probably come here just to watch football and drink at the bar.  That's about it!

As for the food, it looks like cafeteria food.  The tater tots were plain, cold, and hard.  The Smoked Turkey Roll looked like a sandwich you would get from a high school cafeteria.  It was squished and barely had meat in it.

As for the waitress that served us, wow...what a bad attitude.  I think she's the first waitress I've met that was a straight up "B".  That's one unlucky restaurant spot.  Do yourself a favor and just go to the restaurant downstairs.笑
I went here for my cousins birthday. I am a really big fan of the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, it was delicious. I would definitely recommend :)

 It's a pretty cool place, loved the music and the mechanical bull! 

The service really didn't stand out to me as amazing so, that's why I gave it a 4. 

BUT FOR EVERYTHING ELSE , I would come back!! :D笑
I will never eat here again.  My ruben sandwich had soggy bread and the meat had tons of fat on it.  The Doritos mac n' cheese was gross.  My mom had chicken salad and gave me a bite of chicken, tasted very strongly of liquid smoke...so gross I spit it out.  My husbands sandwich was dry & he ended up putting BBQ sauce on it, not a fan of their BBQ sauce either.  SKIP THIS PLACE!笑
Been here a few times.

I like the decor and ranch western theme.
This restaurant is in town square and a little difficult to access as its upstairs across from the Rave movie theaters.
 
Restaurant is clean and most of the servers and hostess' are young, energetic and pretty good looking. Nice touch generally.

Menu is pretty wide from breakfast thru dinner and most everything has a western type twist on normal American foods. Alot  of sandwiches, pizzas, salads all with a twist. 
Full bar service at tables and a stand alone bar. Plus the bigtime mechanical bull when you think you wanna show what you got. Not recommended after eating :)

Prices are medium and reasonable for what you get. They have alot of lunch specials and other promotions always going.

Worth a stop to try if you want something just a little different and pretty good.笑
Do NOT eat here! Customer service sucks! We were waiting for almost an hour and we haven't gotten our food so we left! Run far away from this restaurant!笑
Where are the dancing girls we were promised?

Stopped by last week while we were seeking out now happy hours in Towns Square and we were told "you have to come next Tuesday! It's like first Friday but indoors with drink specials!"

Whoa! First Friday on a Tuesday? I'm in. 

We arrive to no people, the drink specials were vodka out of a plastic bottle and bud light drafts. They should call them "shit no one drinks specials". 

The one up side was the food portions. The food was pretty good and you got a lot of it. I would have been content if it wasn't for what sounded like someone finger banging a cat and holding it up to the mic. 

The have a single acoustic singer who was mediocre at best singing his own songs. If the music is going to be bad at least make it something I can sing along to. 

Doubt I will be back for whatever event this was.笑
I went here with a fellow Yelper, Beau F, and another friend for some food before we went to the movies.  

It.Sucked.

Ok the staff was good.  I mean our waitress was nice and attentive.  So you know, that's a plus.

But It.Sucked.

I ordered this pulled pork BBQ sandwich that had like, a drop, of BBQ sauce on there and an entire mountain of coleslaw.  It was weird, tasteless, dry. I ended up having to eat it with a knife and fork cuz I picked it up and coleslaw pretty much fell into my hand, lap, booth, wherever the mountain of it could land. 

So, you know.It.Sucked.

Another star was the beer they had on tap for happy hour, shock top all up in my face for like $3, say whaaaaat.

However, if you want to "re-vamp" yourself as a BBQ, bull-riding, gun-slinging, jack-guzzling place, try to remove the old decor from Cadillac Ranch first.  Like, any of it.笑
totally empty restaurant........this restaurant really doesn't know what it wants to be. serves breakfast all day, offers tons of bbq selections, sports bar atmosphere. it was SO slow, seems like all the staff stopped by to make sure we liked everything, nice, but after a while became annoying. 
food is just ok......fried pickles were delicious, chili cheese fries & tots were good, but served in a wire basket with a paper liner that became so wet from the fries, that the paper started ripping and all the good stuff started spilling out all over the table, so we didn't eat it.....this appetizer would have been better served on a plate.
the bbq combo platter of ribs and brisket was dry, like it had been reheated from the day before. i've never had dry bbq ribs and dry brisket. it needed rehydrated. the goofy "fireworks" coleslaw was bizarre! plain cole slaw sprinkled with flavorless pop rock....i didn't even know that you could get flavorless pop rock......neat idea that didn't quite work. potato salad was delicious.......

THIS PLACE NEEDS A LITTLE TLC FROM THE OWNERS TO MAKE IT SUCCESSFUL..........OTHERWISE, IT'S GOING TO DIE A PAINFUL DEATH, too bad!笑
Ok. This is obviously not the Cadillac Ranch anymore, but the mechanical bull is still there. And the prices too. The food is not terrible nor is it tasty either. Just average. Which is strange because it is eye appealing. Just the taste is not there. I recommend going else where overall.笑
Went there twice . The first time the waitress was one of the worst we have ever had. We were grabbing a bite to eat before a movie at the then Rave cinemas in Town Square and we let her know that. She assured us that we would make it with time to spare. 20 mins.close to the movie we had still not received our meal, when we asked her what was the status she told us it would have been ready in a few minutes. 5 minutes later the same answer was given . 10 minutes till she brashly told us that if we had not ordered meals that took so long we would have eaten and been on our way! WE ORDERED PRE COOKED BEEF BRISKET AND A HAMBURGER. After waiting for close to an hour we asked for the manager who competently took care of the situation comped the meal and gave us a new server. We missed our movie and ended up waiting an additional two hours for the next movie but the new server was nice and the meal was good. Against our better judgement we decided to try it again and the service was much better. The food is comfort food, so it's not really anything that cannot be had at many other places, but not sure we will go back there again. The one bonus is that it is close to the theater.笑
Formerly Cadillac Ranch, the new restaurant's menu exceeds the so-so food served at Cadillac Ranch. While the menu focuses on country fare, they also have steak fajitas. The cole slaw packs a punch as it's topped with "pop rocks", which is surprisingly tasty. The decor seemed relatively unchanged, and the indoor/outdoor seating option is a plus.笑
So here's what I remember...(always a great way to start a story)

They have $10 bottomless beer from 10pm to close every night. Well at least that's what I was told, then went to the bar to buy my bottomless beer and was told it was only from 10pm to midnight. Then took my bottomless 2 hour beer to my table and was informed by the server that it was indeed 10pm to close (about 2am). Unfortunately I didn't find out until 11:15pm that it was until close and by that point I had drank 4 beers to "get my fill." They also offer $3 well drinks in conjunction with their beer offerings.

So it was a Saturday night, they had a great live band, but not very many people. Strange since Town Square is so popular. Regarding the food & drink, I've had better. To quote the comedian Jim Jeffries, "we don't drink because we want to, we drink because we have to." $10 bottomless beer is limited to Budweiser, Bud Light, MichUltra, or PBR. The food would have been rated 2 stars, possibly 1. They have a list of $6 "Happy Hour" appetizers that are pretty unappetizing. Sliders were dry. Queso meat dip was just weird. Only good part was the hot wings looked good, but there were no wings, they were all drummettes. 

I would definitely come back for the beer. $10 for a bottomless mug of booze is about as good as it gets in Vegas.笑
Worst service ever! We waited forever to get somebody to take orders from us. And that's right after we told them that we are ready to order! Wrong drinks served as well. The waitress is just not in the mood of working!笑
So me and my girlfriend watched avengers and we walked by the ranch house and asked the hostess to see the menu and what kind of specials they have. They had 8.95 lunch specials I thought it was gonna be great..... The service sucked waited for 10 min for our waiter to take our order...well we ordered the honey glazed chicken and the ribs......once we got our food we splitted our food......the ribs were only 4 pieces and the chicken was pretty small....we tried the chicken first and it was pretty simple white rice with grilled chicken and just salsa on top wasn't really what I was expecting.... the dish was pretty mediocre and the ribs came with a choice of a side so we had the corn bread......the ribs were pretty dry and it tasted like it was smoked and it wasnt tender at all but there was good thing about the dish was the cornbread it seemed like it was homemade and it was sweet and tasty and not tasting like it was store bought or premade. The server was giving us pretty bad service he asked us about 4 times if our food is alright within the 5 min we had our food and the 5th time he asked me if I was done with my food which I wasnt ... I felt like I was getting bugged and rushed to eat my food.... I hope this place steps up I know they're new but the service and food needs to step up a little.. ill give it 5 stars the next time I visit if they step it up a notch and listen to the customers on yelp that love real food...笑
My family and I came here after watching a movie during their Happy Hour. First off the server (Chelsea) was pleasant, but seemed to get annoyed that we hadn't made up our minds after visiting out table 3 times within a 10 minute span. She also didn't help with suggestions. If they had any specials, we were not made aware of any.

Their Happy Hour selections were a handful of $6 appetizers which consisted mostly of sliders. Not very suitable I guess who is someone that has cut meat from their diet, so I ventured to their dinner menu. I was actually in the mood for an appetizer but was disappointed that it was nothing more than a bunch of fried items. I had been to Yardhouse earier in the week so my appetizer expectations were set pretty high.

The only thing that caught my eye was the grilled ahi tuna because the description said it was served on a bed of fried green tomatoes and kale. When she brought it, it was missing the green tomatoes. I brought this to her attention and she repled, "oh those have been 86'd and we won't be getting those in until our grand opening." Really? That, my dear, should have been brought to my attention when I ordered it because that would have been a deal-breaker and I would have ordered something else. The tuna was bland and so was the kale. It was served with a side of this creamed corn mush which I thought was kind of a strange and off pairing for ahi tuna. Thank goodness I had the extra lemon on hand which I had to request because it did not come with my iced tea.

My husband had the wings off the Happy Hour menu which he thought were decent size and just ok. My older son ordered the same thing I did and shared the same opinion. My younger son had the ribs from the kids menu which were decent and a generous side of green beans which looked pretty good. We were charged $2 for the side of green beans when the kids menu clearly stated "served with a side." My husband brought this to the server's attention and explained how this can be misleading that we were charged for a side that says it comes with the kids' entree. She understood and took it off the bill without any problem.

Needless to say, it just made me ill to pay $60 of our money and time when there are so many other better places in Town Square. Pretty disappointing. I thought that it's predecessor, Cadillac Ranch, was decent and had a great menu selection and was hoping that  it's replacement would be at the very least equal or better. This was not...by a long shot and we will not be returning.笑
I went this past Saturday with some friends. I had the Brisket and I didn't enjoy it very much. Maybe because I'm from the South and enjoy quality BBQ, but I wasn't impressed at all! The service was very slow but they just opened and I will go back for another try.笑
The food is totally different now (before it was Cadillac Ranch). I loved the idea of Cole slaw topped with pop rocks, mac n cheese topped with Doritos and the toasted sweet potato melt. I love the indoor/outdoor seating. The drinks are good, the servers are friendly. The only drawback for me personally is that after 9 pm or so, Ranch House Kitchen tries to become a nightclub with loud music.  I know there are very few country and western places in town but I would love to find a place that I can eat, drink and have fun after 9 pm without the loud music.笑
I was looking for something different that served breakfast and was hoping I wouldn't have to resort to the usual IHOP or Denny's type places.  I had never heard of this restaurant ever until I visited Vegas for a few days and visited the Town Square Las Vegas shopping mall, where this restaurant is located.  I was there at 10am one weekday during the last week of Dec.  This place actually serves breakfast all day.  It wasn't crowded at all since the place just opened that day, but the menu looked pretty good.  My boyfriend who's a big breakfast person, ordered the stack of whole grain pancakes with blueberries, which he really liked and I tried their turkey burger.  The turkey patty itself was nothing special, but when added with the grilled onions, melted cheese, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mustard, and even raw red onions, it didn't taste too bad.  Their french fries are REALLY good, better than many restaurants!  They have a surprisingly good-tasting flavor!

The decor is like it's name, like you're in a ranch house, so there's cowboy-type decor and the whole ceiling is covered with old license plates.  There's even a mechanical bull to ride.  The restroom is different...dim with black toilets and sinks.笑
AVERAGE!!!  I honesty think it's the same people who used to own Cadillac Ranch.  Everything is the same interior...the patio may be nicer but that is about it.  We went on a Wednesday, waiting for an event to start at Blue Martini and decided to eat before we started to drink.  The food is not even average impressive and below boring.  I wished I was able to walk out but we were all seated and situated.  I had enough time while waiting for a server to read the reviews on YELP.  There were maybe about 15 customers in there and I was intrique my the bartender..not because she was awesome but she was a horrible bartender with little or no knowledge of service.  

I can go on and on about this place, but I am not going to...I would just advise not to go if you want to have any kind of culinary experience because you won't get one.笑
This really should get a 3.5 rating.  The food was good and deserved a 4 but the service was poor and deserves a 2.5.

RHK took over the old Cadillac Ranch--there is still the mechanical bull.  I guess by keeping the word 'Ranch' in your name, you are basically sticking to the same theme.

I had the cheddar brisket sandwich and would definitely recommend it.  The brisket came out very lean, surprisingly.  The experience takes a ding as it came out cold; thus, the low points for service.  Speaking of their service, it was extremely sloooooow even though the restaurant was practically dead.

From about 3:30, you have happy hour.  Cheap rates on beers and well drinks and 50% off the pizza and appetizers.  We ordered the pizza as our appetizer.  My party liked the pizza.  The crust was good and it came out cheezy.

Next time, i want to try the bbq potato chip nachos.  I saw another table order it, and it looked huge and fully loaded...