It is not often that I am rendered speechless (ask my mum) but walking into the Bruntsfield Bistro, the restaurant of the Bruntsfield Hotel, I was indeed, speechless. The decor was so chic and on-trend I was literally flabbergasted. And it's not often I use that word, as I'm sure it's not often you hear it.

Getting past the initial shock, the menu selection was great. My first visit was for a brunch (a particularly good time to visit the bistro) and was pleasantly surprised by their contemporary selections. The main meals are good too, not the best but still very good. I had duck and found it a bitty tough, but I didn't mind too much. The surroundings made up for what lacked in the food. Indeed, I felt thoroughly cool sitting there, despite the fact that nobody other than other diners could appreciate it.

Definitely worth a visit - Sunday brunch in particular.笑
The Bruntsfield is a great hotel, and I would highly recommend it for any visitor to Scotland's capital. Firstly, its location is convenient, and benefits from the best of both worlds  it is very close to the city centre with all its facilities, restaurants and historic sites, but it is also a sufficient distance from the heart of the metropolis to give you a sense of escape and tranquillity.


 This latter point is most obvious when you consider that the hotel overlooks Bruntsfield Links Park and is less than 5 minutes stroll from the Meadows, a huge park.


 The hotel is quiet, comfortable, and well-appointed. Unlike some of the corporate hotels I've stayed in, the rooms are individually designed, ensuring a comfortable stay. There are a variety of recreational facilities. The Bisque restaurant is a modern-styled bar, and includes a brasserie with an outside terrace. This is open all day for food and drink. The lounge is very relaxing, and I found it an ideal place to unwind, sipping from an excellent choice of refreshments while glancing at my magazines.


 Above all, I found the staff to be extremely courteous, and ready to attend to any of my questions.


 Although I was staying while visiting Edinburgh for golf, I appreciate that the hotel's facilities would be perfect for business purposes  there are meeting and event rooms which are perfect for seminars, including two full-sized conference rooms. The hotel is about a mile from Haymarket Station, and only 4 miles from the M8, making it handy for Glasgow commuters. Edinburgh Airport is less than an hour's drive away.
Although the hotel conveys a gentle charm, it is not averse to modern technology. Each of the 67 bedrooms has free cable access, and there is free Wifi access in the conferences rooms, and in the public area. Car parking in the hotel is free.


 For any details on the hotel, check out their website http://www.thebruntsfield.co.uk/笑
Nice hotel in great locaion for visitors to Edinburgh , part of Best Western Hotel Group.
Has a lovely restaurant downstairs and got to admit the food we had was excellent as well as the service from the staff. Ok for families to go eating as well , on busy bus route ino Edinburgh or about £5 for a taxi.