Located on the grounds of the Fashion Show Mall on our fabulous Las Vegas Strip, the only reason I say on the grounds is because it's outside in front, it's a pod. Directly in front of Neiman Marcus, if your not on foot and park in the garage it's about a 7-9 minute walk through the mall. 

My experience at Lukes was meh. It's a Subway style packaged meal with a free drink and a bag of chips. At least our meal was, I ordered the "Taste of Maine" for $27 (thier website says $24). It's 3 small rolls of shrimp, crab, lobster, 2 crab claws and a pickle (they forgot my pickle). The seafood isn't mixed with mayo or other crap which is awesome, I like it raw dogs, and they give you cocktail sauce on the side. 

The lobster was really good, it was the best of the three rolls. The crab I felt was ground up to much as there was no chunks at all. The shrimp was OK, bay shrimp. IMO for $27 the quantity was not enough, I walked out sill hungry. And aside from them dropping your food, you do all the work, it's fast food. 

It's outdoor seating which was fine but when it gets over 100 degrees I don't know if I'd be out here or anyone else would for that matter. It's a tourist trap, I am not a cheapskate but I went with wifey and spent almost $50 on lunch and we were still hungry. The guy that took my order was extremely friendly though, and if your in a rush it's a quick expensive meal.笑
Boyfriend and I loved this place!  As a self-proclaimed seafood lover (& witnessed by many) I had bookmarked this place months ago.  We were finally resolved to try it last weekend during our recent Vegas trip.  It's located in the fashion square mall area next to Treasure Island.  It's located on the first floor, near the corner of the street, by Nieman Marcus and the Sugar Factory.  It's a tiny little shack, but based on the reviews, even a line down the street wouldn't have deterred us.  

Thank goodness, all was quiet, and we immediately ordered 1 Taste of Maine for $26: 1 mini lobster roll, 1 mini crab roll, and 1 mini bay shrimp roll,  2 small Jonah crab claws, 1 pickle, 1 bag o chips or side o slaw, and 1 drink.  The idea was we'd order this to share, and then order more of whatever roll we ended up liking.  So anyway, slight complaint: they only have regular chips and salt and vinegar chips.  I guess that's all you need but....we're in Vegas.  I want more choices, damn it.  The drinks were bottled and unique and cold.  Boyfriend chose a Ginger Brew drink that was natural and had a really nice ginger zing.  I ate a crab claw and took one bite of the shrimp roll and said, forget it, I'm getting my own, and immediately went back to the counter to order my own sampler, this time with slaw and a honey blueberry lemonade (SO GOOD, but more for sipping, less for washing down shellfish). 

We both gulped down our food in their cute little patio dining area that was nicely covered by umbrellas.  I thought we'd still be hungry but we were pleasantly full.  Besides, we had a steak dinner to go to in a mere 6 hours.  The stand out for me was actually the bay shrimp roll.  But all the seafood was beautifully fresh, wonderfully seasoned and the bread was perfectly toasted and buttered.  Yummy balance of salty, sweet, briny, buttery....mmmm.... The pickle was great.  The drinks I mentioned.  The slaw was.....strange....a kind of mayo-less, vinegar, honey-mustard concoction.  I'd skip it next time.  Maybe some people like it.

Anyway, can't wait to return.  Good stuff, yo.笑
Best 2 bites ever !! Lobster roll was really yummy. Its a small roll but with soup it becomes a filling meal. I also had the lobster bisque soup and clam chowder.... Delicious. I definitely found my go to place for a great clam chowder. Its really flavorful with all the right flavors. Service was nice as well. Very helpful and accommodating!笑
This place was a great find. Worth the price. Crab and lobster on a butter toasted bun. Have been twice this week. Delicious :-)笑
Lobster rolls are quite small but packed with juicy plump lobster. It's a little pricey but definitely worth it. I think I'll be paying them another visit!笑
My 100th review goes to Luke's Lobster! Why? Because it is the best lobster roll I've ever had! 

Here goes... Luke's Lobster is located outside of Fashion Show mall in a little shack.  It's is located near Neiman Marcus so I recommend parking there for easier access.  It is outside so you will be exposed to the elements... But they do have a couple heat lamps. But let's be real... The heat lamps aren't going to save you from the cold chill. 
We ordered the lobster roll and clam chowder meal which comes with chips and a drink... And it was delicious! The lobster is shipped overnight from Maine and was fresh as can be.  It is served chilled; topped with butter and a little mayo on a warm roll. It is a bit small but they certainly didn't skimp on the lobster filling. The clam chowder came out hot and had plenty of clams in it (not like other clam chowders I've had where I questioned if they even put clams in it).  

Now for the price....It is expensive.  For the our 2 meals it cost $56 bucks. Seafood is generally more expensive anyways; but it was so good I'm likely to pay that price again. It's just not something you can afford to eat often. 

The owner and staff were super helpful and patient; constantly checking to see how we were doing. Big ups for that! 

I'll def be back for more!笑
The staff was super helpful with explaining the menu and the food was really good. The only thing I would say that needs improving is lower pricing and a cooler place to enjoy the meal. We were eating outside in 110 degree weather. (Las Vegas)笑
A small shop but taste good with lobster roll.i just try the lobster roll and a little high price.笑
The 9th Island now has a Luke's! Go there. Eat there. Be there. As good as in The city.笑
Great food.  However, the male cashier helping us was the most rude person I have ever been helped by.  Consistently made the women I was with feel stupid for asking questions about the menu since it was our first time.  It is unfortunate that such good food can be ruined by an extremely poor experience from rude staff.笑
Great food, staff and service!
I will be a regular here for sure!
I had the lobster roll, clam chowder,Salt n Vinegar Chips and Mexicana Soda. Yummmm笑
Was in Vegas for 4 days last week and ate there for lunch every day. 100 degrees and I was eating the clam chowder. Are you kidding. No and it was amazing. Lobster roll is filled with plenty of lobster hope the come down to miami. Just add or I will bring my bottle of Frank's red hot next time.
Aweso.e and I recommend to everyone笑
After seeing friend's Instagram, Facebook, & Yelp post on Luke's Lobster & reading Yelp reviews, I had this place bookmarked and it was a must that I go here. On the first day of vacation in Sin City, I mentioned to my other half, lets go to Luke's Lobster, but he wanted Asian food,  
Next day, I mentioned, lets go to Luke's Lobster, no luck again and again, up until the last day of my Vegas vacation, I asked again, and then my wish came true. I was super Excited and Happy!! 

The last time I had lobster roll and clam chowder this awesome, was in Seattle's Pike Place.  

Luke's Lobster is located in front of the Fashion Show Mall. Don't look for a restaurant type of place like I did. Its a cute food stand right in front of the Mall. If you are headed straight to Luke's Lobster like me, it is going to be a walk from the parking lot. I think the closest to Lukes is parking near Macy's. After looking at directory, it still took us awhile to get to Luke's Lobster, can you tell I really want to have my Lobster roll badly?!

When I finally made it to Luke's Lobster, I was SO Happy, I've been waiting since January/2017!! This is such a cute place, there is a cute dining area in the back of the shop with 5 tables. Enjoy your food there and you can listen to the outside music from the Fashion Show Mall. It took me awhile to finally decide, the staff was very friendly and really gave me great suggestions and answered all of my questions. The menu is short and simple. One of the great suggestion by staff was to get the trio.  

The only thing I regret during my visit was not having a feast, since we already had a big lunch  and about to have buffet dinner, this visit was just late afternoon snack. We ordered the clam chowder and lobster roll & paid 5.oo more to make it a combo with drinks and chips. Oh my goodness!! What we just had went so great together and WOW, the lobster roll  was so delicious, (lobster so fresh & juicy from Maine, seasoned just right, the rolls are filled with tons of lobster). This was the best Lobster Roll I ever had. I could taste the difference from all the lobster rolls that I've eaten, nothing comes close to Luke's. The clam chowder was very tasty also. The drinks got were organic lemon lime from Maine, which was so perfect. 

After our meals, I was one happy wife, thanks so much to my other half for taking me. 

Over-all, it was worth waiting for, worth every penny spent at Luke's, and I wish I visited more than once during my vacation. My other half enjoyed his meal too!! Now even after typing this review I am missing Luke's Lobster badly. - for now, I'll just have to live by the wonderful memories thru my photo until I visit Sin City again. 

I totally recommend Luke's Lobster!!

#32/100 for 2017笑
It was good! Right outside the Fashion mall facing the strip. Reasonably priced for what you get. Staff was friendly and come to find out they just opened one in Back bay, in Boston, so that speaks to how good it is. You can't open a lobster and crab spot in Boston if you don't have good stuff. It's a small store front, with some outside seats. You order at counter and they bring it to you.笑
I was in town for a company trip and we enjoyed this place a few times while we were in town.  Staff was friendly and never forgot our pickles.  Of course we would've preferred the sandwich to be bigger...because it was delicious.  The bread good.  The lobster good.  The pickle good.  We even enjoyed the slaw.  I recommend the sampler sandwiches so you get them all but the lobster roll is the way to go if you have any doubt.笑
Had 1/2 a lobster roll and the lobster grilled cheese.  Both were amazing. Made me want more of the lobster roll. Seating was limited, but we were lucky enough to grab a spot. No lines made it even better. Will definitely go again when I'm back in town.笑
Second time having a lobster roll and I just say they are quiet delicious!! Luke's lobster is definitely a hidden gem! They are located right in front of Fashion show mall facing the Las Vegas Strip. Lobster, crab, and soups, I'm in!!! You can get a grilled cheese with lobster or crab, wait WHAT!!!! Tried the grilled cheese of course and it was BOMB! I chose to get mine with crab and I loved it. Had to try the Lobster roll as well along with some lobster bisque soup and I finished every bit of it!! Everything was fresh and definitely some great options to chose from! Everything was flavorful and delish. It's a tiny little spot with a few tables
 not enough room for groups but, if your on the strip, at fashion show, or just hungry for some CRABS (Lol the good kind of of course) check it out! It's definitely worth it!笑
Big fan of this place! The staff was super friendly and the lobster was really good. I also found the food to be pretty affordable for what you get.笑
Awesome maine style lobster. Don't come expecting a feast for the price, but expect good chunky pieces of delicious lobster, chilled on top of a crispy buttery sandwich.  I definitely was full with the lobster roll and chips and drink combo but not stuffed. 

I didn't get to try LOBSTERME but I heard that place is Connecticut style with extra mayo and salad inside. This maine style is mostly lobster and no nonsense, elegant and delicious. Worth笑
What makes lobster rolls so amazing? 

The buttered toasted bread filled with plump sweet lobster and creamy mayo. 

This spot does all of the above perfectly.  It was so good that I had one roll...then had to come back to try another.  The crab roll was just as good! 

The cashier recommended the shrimp roll too. He said they also have their own seafood processing company, so they can cut out the middle man and control quality more. 

Well worth it! $17 bucks for lobster roll, $14 for crab, and $10 for shrimp. You can also order 1/2 sizes.笑
I'm from Maine and must say I was impressed.  Lobster roll was a tad smaller and a few more bucks but that is to be expected. The only thing missing was the salty smell of the ocean and the sound of the waves!笑
On our last night in Vegas, I was looking for something different instead of a sit down restaurant. I've always loved lobster roll and saw this place had great reviews so I figured why not give it a go. I was not disappointed. This restaurant is small and is completely outside. You order from a kiosk and can sit at the little seating area. The worker was very friendly, and my love and I each ordered the lobster roll ($17) and each added on a drink and chips ($5). The worker turned on the heat lamp above our table so we could stay warm during the chilly night. He also told us not to hesitate if we had any questions about the menu. I liked the sodas they offered, I had a blueberry and my boyfriend had the root beer. The chips were made by Cape Cod and were tasty. Our lobster rolls came out in no time and were so succulent, it was hard for us to eat slow! Luckily for us, the worker told us there's a Luke's Lobster location in our hometown of Philadelphia! The only complaint I have is that I wish the lobster roll had a little more lobster in it considering the price. We will definitely be visiting our hometown location next.笑
From what I understand, this is a very popular chain on the east coast and they recently added this location in front of the Fashion Show mall on the Vegas strip because why not. I am really hoping they make their way here to Seattle because their food is fantastic and would be a very interesting addition to our already bountiful seafood scene. They normally have really long lines at any of their locations but, since I was in Vegas during a cold stretch in January, I was able to walk right up with no waiting at all.

Their location is outside the mall in a super cool little space that has a small (heated) outdoor seating area that was just perfect for when I was there. The cold weather was not going to stop me from diving into what looked like a very promising meal. I ordered the crab roll, a cup of clam chowder, and a bottled root beer soda. All of their ingredients are sourced from very specific partnerships that they cultivate and maintain so you know you are getting the best and freshest ingredients available and you can really tell from the moment you take that first bite.

As I jumped head first into my sandwich, I was really impressed with the flavors and how everything went together perfectly. The toasty roll was held up really well and had a great balance with the pike of chilled crab meant that was stuffed into it. They serve it in a nice little holder that helps to keep everything from falling apart. The clam chowder was also really good with lots of fresh tasting ingredients and a good amount of clams which is often not the case depending on where you go.

I was able to chat with one of the ladies that worked here and found out she is originally from Washington state, I can't remember where, and she would love to see Luke's Lobster make it's way up there as well. She was really fun to talk to and I learned a lot about the company as she was more than happy to sing their praises...I mean, in an honest way, not because she had to as an employee.笑
Walking the strip I ran into this treasure!! 
I had no idea what I was walking into but Zach walked me through the whole menu and helped me make my decision !!! Such hostility seriously can't find people like that in Vegas!! I will be back !! Thank you so much !!! :)笑
This is an example of an extremely well run and fantastically delightful culinary dream. The food here is so good. And the staff are courteous and friendly. The manager lindays was very professional and expressed her interest in us. And the quality of service we had received. I would highly recommend this as place to go while visiting or if you  live in Las Vegas笑
spoiler alert: we went two days in a row.
even my picky grandpa fell in love with the lobster roll here! though the portion size isn't exactly massive considering the price, the fresh spices inside the rolls filling are the perfect bright pairing for the buttery bread.
my grandma (a vegetarian) also loved the salad option, mentioning it weeks later as a standout.笑
Don't do it. Total tourist trap. We got the the Luke's trio which is supposed to be 1/2 a crab roll, 1/2 a shrimp roll, 1/2 a lobster roll. When I opened the box I thought I got the kids meal. Don't let the other reviews and pictures fool you. This is NOT an awesome lobster roll. This is NOT a lot of food. The guy even up-sold me on a lobster tail for $5. Shame on me for doing it. I usually always say no. But the reviews had me believe the seafood was fresh. The lobster tail was actually 1/2 a lobster tail. And it was still cold from being frozen. I do not know how this place got such high reviews, but I felt it my duty to not have others fooled like I did.笑
Wow! This place is a gem! I got the Taste of Maine and it did not disappoint. The seasoning and buttered roll and swipe of mayo was delicious. I would definitely snack here again. The price is steep but the food is very tasty. But what do you expect from good seafood?笑
Love love LOVED their rolls here, particularly the lobster roll! They ship their seafood straight from the east coast. But the real hero in this story is the toasted bun they use. Light and buttery and it didn't sog up during the twenty mins back to our hotel room. Their clam chowder was note worthy as well!笑
Chilled lobster on a warm toasted buttery fresh bun dusted lightly with their herbed seasoning and a touch of mayo. Friendly quick service. I so wanted to try their clam chowder but it so hot out here!! But this is a great cool sandwich on a hot day.笑
Stumbled upon this tiny gem as we're waiting for our uber back to the hotel...the location isn't very convenient so I'm not surprised that there aren't too many customers, which is good, because I don't have to wait long for some BOMB lobster rolls! This place serves lobster, crab, and shrimp roll. I only got the lobster one cause after trying so many rolls I realized that lobster is 100% my favorite. However, if I do get the chance to come back I'm definitely trying the other ones. I give this place 5 fat stars because Luke's Lobster does its bread so right--it's PERFECTLY toasted with just a little bit of crisp. With every bite you taste the butter soaked into the bread and the hot lobster...mmm..SO GEWD. It's an option to get your roll with soup--I highly recommend the New England clam chowder.笑
For just a little shop it has everything you could want! The lobster roll was awesome. Nice big chunks of fresh lobster with a perfectly toasted bun. I haven't had as good since I was in Maine! And for $16 instead of $28 at a restaurant I'll gladly come here. The lobster bisque was good. Customer service was fantastic! Quick and delicious.笑
Great lobster rolls.  Def worth the price for me.  I wasn't wowed by the clam chowder.  Next time I would skip it.  My friend really liked her lobster bisque though so that's an option. 
 They also have crab or shrimp rolls and lobster grilled cheese.  Service was friendly and our food came out quick.  If you are craving a lobster roll def check out Luke's.笑
The lobster rolls are excellent and the clam chowder was really good.  This is a really small place along the Vegas strip in front of the Fashion Show Mall with uncovered outdoor seating for about 16 people max.  Price was about $70 for two lobster rolls, two large clam chowders, and two bottled sodas.  The lobster rolls are somewhat small, but loaded with lobster meat and no fillers, just quality lobster on a really good toasted and buttered piece of bread.  I would highly recommend this place if you don't mind the price and limited seating.笑
Soooo good!!!! They went above and beyond to help us when we ran up to the place 3 minutes before they closed! Tip: don't park in the green section of the fashion mall's parking structure!!!! Park in red! Everything was amazing and they were very friendly and accommodating. Best lobster and shrimp ever eaten period.笑
Wow, just wow.  The lobster roll is packed with some of the best lobster I've ever had!笑
4 stars for service 1 star for taste of food. The people were nice, but didn't take the time to explain that they serve only cold lobster. I wish they had mentioned that when we were ordering since it was low 40s outside and one of their heat lamps wasn't working. When we got the lobster it didn't have much flavor and the butter dipping sauce was just melted butter with nothing special to it. I was expecting more flavor. What cancelled out any hope of flavor was it being cold and sitting in a damp shell. I'm sure it has a different taste during what seasons, but to us it was bland. If you want excellent flavor lobster try Lobster Me. All lobster is hot in any for they have and they add different flavoring to it to make it fantastic.笑
Came here on a Wednesday night. It was very quiet. Staff was super nice and our order took less than ten minutes. The lobster roll was delicious! It's a little expensive but hey it's lobster. I would definitely come back next time.笑
Get the trio combo! Half lobster roll, half crab roll, and half shrimp roll! Super tasty and a great way to try everything. 

Lobster bisque is full of lobster meat and feels more homemade than most restaurants. 

For a small street side establishment, this place is great. For Vegas, prices are super reasonable and the quality of the lobster is wonderful!笑
The decision was made - the last meal prior to leaving Vegas will be provided by Luke's Lobster. 

It wasn't difficult to find. Plenty of parking in the underground garage. 

It's a very teenee place. They can only seat about 10 people, maybe 12 (but that would be pushing it, really.) 

We got 2 orders of Noah's ark and a couple of clam chowders. 

The sandwiches were smaller compared to what I've had in other places. But the flavor completely made up for it. 

The lobster was my favorite. The other two were as good as I predicted. Seasoning was perfect. 

Didn't get to try the clam chowder, but I heard good things. 

Staff was so friendly! We got confused when we got our orders, thinking we were missing a bowl of coleslaw, so they gave us another one for free. (When we realized we weren't missing anything, we told them immediately. They gave us the bowl for free anyway!) 

4.5 stars. Definitely making a stop here next time I come visit...笑
So happy that Luke's Lobster made it to the West Coast.  Workers are friendly and they make their food quick.  Seating is very limited, but it doesn't take long to chow down and get about your day.  Their roll looks small, but it's filling in the end with all that butter. My crab roll had a couple pieces of shell it in which was not fun when biting down on it笑
The amount of lobster they give you in each roll makes it very work the price. I paid $40 for two rolls chips and a soda. The taste was incredible. Would come back and recommend笑
Clam chowder is the bomb.com! No grits, the way I like it. Staff is friendly, stand is clean. I wish there was better seating tho.笑
By far the best lobster roll I've had, maybe the best sandwich ever.  Highly recommended!笑
These were the best lobster rolls I've had in a long time! I bookmarked Luke's Lobster after seeing the great reviews on Yelp. 

The lobster portions were generous and the lobster so sweet and tender.  The rolls were perfectly toasted.  We opted for the combination, which included a lobster roll,  a cup of lobster bisque or clam chowder, bag of chips, beverage (selection of Maine root sodas was included), and a pickle.  It was only $7 more for the combo bringing the total to $24 each.

There's a little seating area next to this takeout restaurant.  If I were in town longer, I'd definitely go back again.笑
Fresh, tasty lobster roll. But for the price, I was hoping for something much larger.笑
I should also mention that this is not a full service restaurant. You order/pay at the front and then take a seat in their small seating area. Also of note is that they do not sell any alcoholic beverages. That said, the food is little on the pricey side but the lobster is fresh and delicious so it's definitely worth it in the end.笑
Everything in this place is great. But it's all about the lobster roll after all. They also serve the great clam chowder and lobster chowder. Better than a lot of the 5 star restaurants' creations. Simple, fresh, and made with care and love. Would eat here everyday if there's one near me.笑
I simply cannot say enough about the clam chowder!  Simply divine!  Also, the lobster rolls are out of this world.  It's a good thing the weather in Las Vegas is usually fabulous since the seating is outside...so worth it!笑
Tasty lobster roll = the real deal from Maine.
Would have earned 5 stars if the lobster meat was warm vs chilled.笑
Definitely worth a stop to check it out! I love their lobster roll seasoning and they give you a generous portion of lobster meat. And served over hot butter....bomb.com! The staff was great too! Very friendly and helpful.笑
I read about this place on eater las vegas fb..i love lobster n absolutely had to try this place..found it easy..outside of fashion show mall street level..across bridge from wynn hotel...i tried the taste of maine combo..u get a half lobster roll, half crab(huge scoop of it)roll, half shrimp(very tender) roll, all good amounts of meat in roll...the rolls were perfectly toasted..im very picky about that n it was so yummy.. 2 crab claws, coleslaw, chips, pickle, drink...small outdoor area with tables n chairs..awesome food n friendly service...i will be back!笑
I've had great lobster rolls in the Boston and Charleston, SC areas. Therefore, I have a high bar and frame of reference. Luke's was so good I went to this spot 2x during my Vegas trip!! Had the Luke's Trio on the 1st visit. My 2nd visit, I enjoyed the Lobster Roll. The meat is fresh, succulent and there's something special about that seasoning they add!

BTW, also being a self-appointed "ginger connoisseur" :-D, the Maine Root ginger beer is also fantastic.笑
Good food and fast! 
Had the Noah's Ark, it's all 3 sandwiches (1/2 of sandwich) on one plate! Plus 2 sodas and chips and more! It's perfect for 2 ppl!!
Best roll was lobster then shrimp then crab, but all are really good! 
The service is very friendly! 
The only thing I didn't like was the sodas... I just wanted a regular coke, oh and no ice!

Ps the sandwiches are cold meat not hot or even warm, I'm not a huge of cold sea food meat sandwiches, but they are good!笑
We ate there twice during our 4 days in Vegas. my daughter likes the clam chowder soup.笑
Love their lobster rolls! Was In Brooklyn NY few months ago and had it there too. Must admit I think it was slightly better here for some reason!笑
Service was bad enough to warrant a one-star rating. The guy, black with wide, matronly hips, who took our order was unable to contain his attitude and was loudly voicing his displeasure that we ordered the Trio because of the additional labor involved. Food was what you'd expect from seafood rolls.笑
Absolutely one of the best Lobster rolls and excellent Lobster salad!!!!! Delicious! A must try once in Vegas for a great meal!笑
This place was a little hard to find so if you are coming from the mall, park by the Neiman Marcus, exit to the strip from the Starbucks/tix for half and you'll see Luke's little booth on the front right facing the strip.

So I've had Luke's in NY before and was excited to try this place out again with my LA friends who's never been to Luke's before.  I remember Luke's lobster rolls and chowders were really really ecstatically good and so I must have it again.  It didn't disappoint but it wasn't as good as I remembered.  Lobster rolls are a big thing in LA now and almost 9 out of 10 seafood restaurants serve lobsters rolls in LA so maybe that's why. Can't say I have had better and I'd return if I was in the mall but my friends felt that the warm lobster rolls from LobsterME in PH that servers Warm butter+ warm lobster+ crunchy soft rolls are better.  So I guess it's personal preference on how you like your rolls!

One thing tho, although it's patio seating, the staffs are unsure about us bringing the dog with us and the owner was really nice and let us do that for this time.. But isn't patio seating supposed be pet friendly? Anyways, friendly new staffs and owner!笑
Had high expectations for this place. Let me tell you, what a let down. Upon arrival, I noticed all 5 employees were sitting around yapping neglecting the filthy dining area. I ordered my lobster roll and was disappointed at how small it is for the price. Wish I had known that it was a cold sandwich. Overall, this place is nothing special. All hype just because it's lobster in the desert.笑
Food was great tasting. Had to take smaller bites to enjoy every bite. Price is a bit high and the sandwich could be bigger. Would eat there again but not as often as I would like due to the price.笑
I loved this place. Very flavorful & affordably priced. We tried the sampler & it was deliciously satisfying. I was able to taste the shrimp, lobster & crab roll. Every roll was great. Small dining area, so no big groups.笑
I love a good lobster roll with a side of Benadryl. I was excited when I first heard a buzz about a new place that serves lobster rolls opening up, Luke's Lobster. 

The food is tasty and comes out pretty quick. The menu is simple. They have shrimp, crab, lobster, clam chowder, lobster bisque, original potato chips, and salt and vinegar chips. 

Lobster Bisque:
Chunky pieces of lobster. The bisque is creamy and delicious. 4/5

Lobster Roll:
Pretty generous portions of cold lobster on a buttery roll. 4/5

Price is standard for lobster rolls. The only thing is since this is located in an open space outside Fashion Show Mall, you're subject to extreme Vegas temperatures: cold winter nights and hot summer days. We froze the night we went.笑
The review was great so I really wanted to try during my stay in Las Vegas. I think this place is over rated and over priced for the service.笑
I wasn't too satisfied with Luke's Lobster after hearing the hype about it from friends who've experienced it in NYC. First of all, the lobster meat is cold. Second, the brioche toast is thin. Third, the lobster bisque was just OK. Maybe I was expecting too much from Luke's especially from trying out Lobster Me. Honestly, I don't think it's worth the hype or worth the $.笑
So delicious. The only downside was that for $50, my husband and I expected a little bit more food. This place is awesome though! We had the shrimp, crab, and lobster roll and they were all amazing.笑
Friendly staff, lobster roll was very good, flavorful BuT-,  super tiny 2 bites and it was gone, to be honest I don't think I'd go back.笑
Great lobster rolls. A little expensive at $18 a roll.
Small enough where I had to have two. The seating area is outside but small. Maybe 5 small tables. Don't think they can expand.
Have to handle the bun carefully, it's toasted and crumbles easy. 
Lobster roll is served cold.
The roll was definitely delicious.笑
Amazing!

Got the taste of Maine and all 3 sandwiches were good but the lobster roll hands down the best!!笑
I ordered the combo: lobster, crab and shrimp.... It was delicious but the cost was like over $30. I see the online menu shows it at $24, now it is $27 which is interesting as they just opened. Service was great.
I will be back as I can afford it...笑
At first I was a bit skeptical: $25 for a sandwich meal (lobster roll, drink and chips) from what is basically an outdoor food stall, but hey we're in Vegas so sometimes one needs to gamble and wow, did we win!

I took one bite of the lobster roll and I was sold: the combo of the luscious pieces of lobster, the perfectly toasted roll and the fantastic seasoning was nothing short of amazing. Honestly these puppies show up in my dreams: happy dreams when I am eating them, nightmares when I picture never having them again.

In addition, although seating is rather limited, just a few seats next to the stall: the staff did serve us at our table and was friendly enough to share the contents of their seasoning.

Highly recommended and will certainly come back!笑
While visiting i happened upon this little shack by the mall. I LOVE lobster rolls so I figured why not. I see a lot of reviews about the price but it was right in line with what i'm used to in Dallas. 16- 20.00 for a lobster roll is the norm.

I got the taste of maine (27.00). 1/2 shrimp roll, 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll with 2 huge claws. I was pleasantly surprised. It was very fresh. The rolls super buttery and slightly sweet. The rolls were truly authentic...definitely something you would get in the northeast. The Cape cod chips and Luke's Maine Blueberry lemonade were a hit with my family also.

The only thing I didn't like was the outdoor seating and birds and bird poop. But i get it....didn't deter me from going back later and getting a lobster roll to go.笑
In general not very BIG on the whole lobster roll. But talk about five star winnah! It definitely redefined my perception of lobster roll. The few times had it always overcooked, bread not very good, lack of lobster in it, overkill on the mayo or lack of seasonings, and for the price not the first thing that would peak my interest on any menu. Thankfully help of Vegas Yelpers and Suzy H heard about the new Lobster Roll player in town. One that came with lot of great vibes, solid reviews, and established restaurant on the east coast. Luke Lobster based in Maine am like really there nothing more legit then Maine lobsters right??? I kind of had high expectations but in all honesty totally nailed it. 

Thankfully with Suzy H we make sure if going check out restaurant for the first time never get the same thing plus try as much of the menu as our tummy can. lol! We both got the combo that comes with choice of soup, chips, and beverage of your choice. I think its the best deal you can get. Really not sure the exact amount saved. If your going spend the money on lobster roll that not exactly cheap lunch or dinner. Why not get full meal plus the SOUP it must with any of the rolls. Perfect compliment. We ordered the clam chowder and lobster bisque. Both awesome. If there was soup nazi in Vegas. Luke Lobster hands down would go out of my way just for SOUP. Really that good for me. The clam chowder has so much depth not just creamy but hearty with clams, potatoes, and great flavor. The lobster bisque talk about nice chunks of lobster in it. Suzy first bite got nice piece and really till the very bottom find pieces in it. Tradition way more so in fancy upscale restaurants all soup or very little if any actually lobster. Again the bisque has nice depth not just creamy tomato soup but taste the lobster in it and see it. Any soup comes with crackers cause soup without crackers. The chips they have regular and salt & vinegar. The drinks that another reason get the combo. Am sure might see it in speciality stores but it was the first time had that brand that based in Maine. We tried the blueberry soda and the ginger ale. The blueberry soda was delicious. Refreshing. The ginger ale would pass on it. The blueberry soda not overpowering the blueberry flavor but still has the carbonation associate with soda. It was different but the tasty way!!!!

The star of the show the lobster roll. The bread talk about amazing!!!!!!!!!! Always preached on any review with sandwich. Sandwich really starts with the bread and not filling that will offset the bread. The bread or roll they use could eat everyday. They butter it then toast it perfect golden brown on the outside. So good. The lobster was all the things that done the right way. It had nice pieces from the claw, knuckle, and tail. Every piece was cooked to perfection. Moist, without the mayo/seasonings (no idea it is except dam tasty) amazing taste like butter, and all together perfect lobster roll. We even tried the crab roll. Another good one. It was little different because the crab is chilled so not warm like the lobster the meat. Still use the same bread. If you decide split it kind of cute cause bread just of split rolls.

The only thing that bummer. It really small place more like food stand outside of fashion show mall on the strip. Only ten seats. Really look at the positive is there better place too people watch then the Vegas strip?? Now you can do it with style and killer lobster roll. On cold nights the soups will keep you warm. No doubt if not been to Luke Lobster. Need too!!笑
Four stars because Luke's lobster and crab roll is amazing. The bread is flown in and it is delicious. No atmosphere at this place, but get your food to go and get a drink in any of the spots near by and you can eat there.笑
Am I missing something? I ordered a lobster roll for
$17 and received the most minuscule roll I've ever seen in my life. I know it's Vegas and things are $$$$$ but come on. I would have been ok with the price of it wasn't so bland. No thanks..笑
The position on the map is wrong. It is actually on Las Vegas Blvd, opposite to PALAZZO. We spent an hour to walk from the position on the map to the right spot. But we do enjoy the food. Noah ack is great, while the price is slightly higher than we expected. Blueberry soda is awesome.笑
Love this place. The lobster and crab are so fresh and has so much flavor. I like it better than Lobster Me.  We eat here about once a week. So good !笑
Must try!!  The snow crab Roll only available durning the summer but oh so yummy.  The clam chowder has tons of meat and great flavor.  

The honey blueberry lemonade is a refreshing summer kick back!!!  

Great place a bit expensive but great!笑
So ridiculously over rated. I swear people from the west coast have no idea what good food is. Please go to NY and go to any seafood restaurant and u will see. The food itself was a 3 but when u add the ridiculous price it makes it a 2. Very disappointing after reading all the yelps. Oh well. I am getting used to the avg food out here.笑
Awesome food, come here every time I need seafood. Everything from the menu delicious and fresh. Prices ok, the worst part it's the wait, they have line all the time so be ready to wait at least 30minutes before sitting. I can bring ur family and friend I will recommend this place to everyone!!!!笑
Great lobster rolls. Love this place on an amazing night in vegas. It is on the strip is only negative. Please open one in downtown Summerlin.  Wish they had draft beer.  But they are awesome. Remember it is lobster so not cheap but worth every penny.笑
Great!! Right out front outside Fashion Show Mall- you can't miss it. 

We tried the lobster roll and the crab roll: both were excellent. Really good quality meat.  It would have been nice if we had gotten some lemon slices with it, but whatever. 

The staff were VERY young and didn't seem experienced at all...they weren't rude, but didn't have great customer service either. Nothing bad to say about them, I'm sure they will keep learning. 

One thing: the portions are pretty small. It's 100% meat, and dense meat, but it's still a light lunch. Great if you want to eat light in anticipation of a big dinner.笑
So excited we now have our very own Luke's Lobster in Vegas. Don't leave without trying the lobster roll & the Clam Chowder couldn't be more perfect.... Unless you're like me & add the Sriracha they supply.笑
OhhMmmGeee... this was delicious!! Best crab roll I think I've ever had, and the lobster and shrimp roll were also very good. Will absolutely go back. Wow, what a treat!!笑
The Lobster Roll is to die for.  Not only is it very fresh and tasty, they are not skimpy on the amount of lobster that is in it.  I would highly recommend this place for breakfast, lunch, and even dinner.  Their clam chowder was just as good, but if I was only able to order one item, I would go with their rolls.  I can't wait to go back and try their Crab Roll next time.笑
I have been dying to try this place since they opened.  But being a local I avoid the strip so by chance I was at the Sands for a convention and had to check off this Yelp bookmark.  I have had many a good lobster roll to include several in Maine.  Luke's lived out to the Maine lore by providing a delicious Lobster Roll.
    The Lobster was plentiful and was sweet and fresh.  The roll was slightly sweet and the added spice gave the roll an amazing taste.  We got the combo to include Lobster bisque and one of their specialty drinks.  It came out to $75 for the three of us but to me the Lobster Roll was worth every penny.  The Lobster bisque was good but not in the same league as the Lobster Roll.  Nice and creamy but a little too light on the Lobster and just didn't have the great taste I expected.  
   Our meals came with bottled drinks from Maine.  They were all very good and added to the overall experience.  The highlight was definitely the Lobster Roll which I am still craving.  Looks like a strip visit is in my near future.  The staff was awesome and the service was perfect.  This is a small stand on the lower level of the Fashion Show Mall facing the strip.  It is a great location to people watch and take in the craziness that is the daily grind of the strip.  Looking forward to my next Lobster Roll - thanks Luke's!!!笑
Lobster roll was really good----------please be advised that this is real lobster and not imitation so the richness of the meat may be a little surprising to the uninitiated.   the cost is not cheap by any means but as a occasional light lunch it is really good....I will be back soon to see what else is on the menu笑
3.5 stars rounded up to 4. This place is good but it doesn't compare to the Luke's Lobster in New York. The Luke's in NY I still have dreams about eating that's how good it was. I've only been to this location once so maybe it was an off day but my lobster roll didn't have enough flavor and they forgot to give us lemon. I knew it was missing something but I didn't realize until after I ate it. I will come back though just because I love lobster rolls and hopefully I just went on an off day.笑
This outdoor Luke's on the Fashion Show grounds dishes up the same solid seafood as their East Coast locations, with the same LevelUp app. Great lobster roll with a Maine soda.笑
It's splurge time when I come to Luke's Lobster...I've had the lobster roll, crab roll, and clam chowder...in one sitting! All tasty, and worth the $17 (lobster roll). Like I said, it's splurge time when I come! I recommend Luke's Trio for first timers: 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll, and 1/2 shrimp roll ($20.50). For locals: it's not difficult to get to. Park underneath Neiman Marcus, and get a rewards card.笑
The lobster was absolutely delicious. They were juicy and were cut as big chunks. The spices and sauce were creamy and an excellent match. I got the combo which came with a very large wedge of dill pickle. That was a perfect end to the meal as it cut the grease and gave a very refreshing finish. The chef was very gracious and friendly.笑
Holy Moly!!!!!!!! Why is this place not all over the place!!!!!!!!!!I read the reviews but hot this place deserves more then what I can give for a rating!! I knew I was going to save this for lunch the day before leaving Vegas.  It was worth the anticipation and still days later I can't get it off my mind!!! 

I ordered the Be My Valentine's Deal 

$60

all the roll options 1/2: Shrimp, Lobster, Crab for 2 and 2 cups of Clam Chowder with a side of pure lobster tail solo.  2 Soda pops (went with the blueberry/lemonade) 

Every bite was drenched in flavor!!!! I started with the crab it lit my eyes so bug with its bursting flavors! 2nd to go down was the lobster and it did not disappoint.  So clean fresh, and that butter sauce was a great addition! Lastly, the Shrimp oh! Boy!! The Shrimp! Not a bite got wasted! I was so stuffed from the sandwiches now on to the soup!! The Clam Chowder was served in a perfect portion size! The cup of soup was gone before I knew it!!! 

The staff were nice! It's kept clean.  Small seating area meant to get in and out.  Rainy days prob won't work best here but if you are here and on this side of the strip its worth it for lunch/dinner or even a quick small snack!! This place is a Gem ready for you to come on over!笑
The roll was really good 5 stars for taste. However, it was $17 and ot was pretty small. For the price it would be nice to have a cool spot to enjoy it. This is not a restaurant it's more of a stand. Take it to go and eat it in the mall. Glad I tried it.笑
Whatevs! That's all I'm gonna say about that.  Well, not really!!!  I must admit, I love seafood! While this place sells just that, I was less than impressed.  It's super pricey for what you get.  Granted we are in Vegas and not Maine or Nova Scotia but common people...

Sitting just out in front of Neiman Markus, outside just steps from the fabulous Las Vegas Strip.  I'd suggest parking in the "Red Section" underground.  There are escalators to take you inside the Fashion Show Mall then just head towards the Strip outside the actual mall.  I'm a little weary of what will happen once the summer hits.  It's gonna be way to freaking hot to sit outside and enjoy your meal.

Luke's is a pretty cool concept.  It's basically a fast food seafood spot.  Quick service at its best.  They basically offer 3 sandwiches on a buttery toasted roll.  You have the option of lobster (duh!!), crab or shrimp.  They do have a pricey special that allows you to sample a half of all 3 along with a few crab claws....all that AND a bag of chips.  That's what my husband, Cesar Q. decided on.  He stood in sticker shock when the guy told him our bill was $54 for a meager lunch.  Oops...sorry babe, it was my idea to stop by today.  Anywhoooo I had the soup and sandwich combo that came with a drink and you guessed it, a bag of chips!!  Pretty cool they allow for a bottled water at no additional cost.  I chose the shrimp roll and the lobster bisque.  Both were just so/so.  I did like that these sandwiches were not "salad style" so there was a simple smear of mayo on the roll as opposed to all the seafood being drenched in dressing.  The sammy was fresh but nothing to write home about, sorry Mom!

The service was stellar and on point.  The guy helping was genuine and made me feel like he loves his job!  In today's entitled society it's nice to see people still care about service.

There is a very small outdoor dining area attached to this little spot.  There are maybe 5-6 tables and a log cement bench area.  I did not think it was cool that they had a place to tip.  Holy hell...I just paid you $54 for a sandwich lunch, fast food to boot! 

Needless to say, we won't be running back for lunch anytime soon.笑
Luke's Lobster serves fresh, chilled lobster, crab, and shrimp that are traceable, sustainable seafood.

BEST lobster rolls I ever had! Toasted New England style bread, a touch of mayo inside then a quarter pound of chill lobster with lemon butter and secret seasoning on top. What more can I ask, it's to die for!笑
Probably the best Lobster roll I've had, but I haven't been to the East Coast for them yet. From what I've read and seen on food shows about Lobster rolls, this is an authentic roll. It is a split top roll, packed with lobster and light sauce (or possibly mayo). It is a bit pricey, but for what you get, it is absolutely worth it. If I was in the mood for a lobster or crab roll, I wouldn't hesitate to come here again. The shop is small, if you come during the summer, plan on eating inside the mall at the food court. They have seating outside, but if you are like me, that isn't an option during the heat of summer. They have pickles available to accompany your roll which is a nice touch. I believe they also offer homemade chips, but there aren't many options to go with the rolls. Worth a visit if you enjoy lobster and crab, the rolls are delicious and authentic.笑
This play is worth trying if you love lobster, crab, and shrimp. The size of it is slightly smaller than a hot dog but they try to fit as much seafood in there as possible. They have three kinds and we tried it all! The bread was amazing! First dipped in butter then pan fried till golden. And the inside filled with lobster, crab, or shrimp. We loved it so much that we had to go back again right before we left. The only bad thing that I experienced about this place is that it is a little hard to find and can be pricy. Definitely worth trying though!笑
Only tried the lobster rolls because... Why? Anyway, they were great. Lobster meat was fresh, buns were warm, mayo and butter were on point! 'Nuf said.  Oh, and service was excellent. Definitely giving it another go next time we're in town.笑
Had a great lunch here today! We shared the Lobster Roll with 2 sides (side salad and chips) along with a cup of Lobster Bisque. It was filling. Very fresh lobster and they loaded it on the roll. I'd have to say it was an amazing Maine style lobster roll (although I've never been to Maine to compare). The Bisque had a few pieces of lobster in it as well and was very flavorful almost buttery tasting. For our drinks we tried the blueberry lemonade and the root beer both pretty good. Would recommend this place if you need a lobster roll fix. The restaurant itself and seating area are very small. Great customer service!笑
Legit delish. Been here a couple times, good food, awesome customer service. When I miss back east lobsta roll it's a solid choice.笑
Luke's Lobster is a tiny little shack right on the strip and it is a gem. I tried the lobster roll and the lobster grilled cheese and both were amazing. The simplicity of the roll really allowed you to experience the flavor of the lobster, which tasted very fresh. The grilled cheese was also very tasty. If you happen to go to the fashion mall you should make a quick stop and try the food this shack has to offer.笑
So good. No words to describe. My fiance and I are a FAN of their lobster rolls and have been multiple times. There is also a consistency in taste whether you get them in Vegas or NYC. Highly recommend. Also seems cheaper and better than "Lobster Me" (also in Vegas). Their specialty drinks are interesting. Tried the Honey Lemonade (strong honey flavor), which was OK and the blueberry soda (more preferable). Definitely go. Also great customer service.笑
The sandwiches were yummy, lots of seafood on each one. I loved the bread. My son thought it was a bit bland and needed lemon or sriracha sauce added. I prefer bland food so thought it was good. For the price, the portions were small, but since it is Vegas, not a huge surprise. We did not like the honey blueberry lemonade. We had the sampler (lobster, crab, shrimp). I liked each sandwich.笑
Every time I visit Las Vegas I always stop by here to satisfy my craving for an amazing lobster roll. The roll is perfectly toasted on the outside and soft/fluffy on the inside. The lobster portions are generous and they don't add filler ingredients like other places do. You'll get chunks of delicious lobster in every bite! The prices are a bit on the higher side yes, but the quality is well worth it for me :) Will be coming back soon!笑
We tried this place because of the raving reviews. 

We ordered two lobster rolls, two crab legs, and two lobster tails for two of us and ended up spending $60, only to be still hungry after. That tells you how small their portions are 

The lobster roll's bread was covered with so much butter that we could not taste the lobster at all. We had to pick the lobster out and eat it separately to taste anything. 

Furthermore, the crab legs were tiny and the lobster tails were flavorless, not to mention all of the food was cold. 

Don't be a fool like us and avoid this place.笑
This place is AWESOME. Luke's Lobster is known for their (you guessed it) Lobster Rolls. And let me tell you, at $17 a roll, it is worth every penny. 

The location is freestanding and faces the Strip, with a handful of outdoor tables in the back, if you're brave enough to withstand the Vegas heat. Otherwise, I recommend taking your roll inside for some 21st Century A/C! 

Although the Lobster Roll is fantastic (and I'll get to that delight in a second,) I was a little bummed that their kettle chips weren't made in house as well. They're just your average, run-of-the-mill, store bought variety, which made me feel like I was ordering a filet mignon served with a side of frozen veggies. However, their sodas are all unique and delicious (Blueberry Lemonade, for example) and their coleslaw (which I don't usually enjoy,) is made with a tangy vinaigrette instead of mayonnaise and is quite tasty! 

Now, onto the Lobster Roll! It is their #1 Seller and signature menu item. At about 5 inches long, it seems rather puny upon first glance, but once you've eaten it, you realize any more would be far too rich. Plus, the roll itself is PACKED with incredible chunks of lobster meat and seasoned with salty, garlic-y blend of  spices that I can only image possess magical properties. Then there's the bread. THE BREAD. It is perfectly coated in butter and pressed for a slight crisp and a little warmth...perfection! 

Yes, the price is a bit steep, but you also have to remember Luke's motto of "Traceable, Sustainable Seafood." You get what you pay for! 

I also want to mention that the woman who helped me and my friend was quite knowledgeable about the history of the restaurant and its (many) global locations! 

Don't forget to ask for a Stamp Card if you plan on visiting again (Buy 10 Rolls, Get 1 Free) and  dill pickles are also free upon request!笑
Let me say this is like a food stand. We thought it was more of a sit down. They have 3 tables or so for you to sit and it's outdoors. So could be hot or cold depending on time of the year. We ordered the lobster bisque had more chunks of lobster than any other bisque I've had! Definitely a winner on and the taste was perfect. Not too heavy. We had the lobster roll and grilled cheese. The lobster was very generous on the roll and by far is the best lobster roll I've had. The grilled cheese was not as meaty but did taste really good. Definitely a stop if you like lobster.笑
Accidentally found this place while walking around Fashion Show looking for a place to eat! The boyfriend and I were just wandering around and couldn't decide where to eat (none of the options in the food court appealed to us).

Then there it was, located in a cute little kiosk next to the Flip Flop Shop.

You walk up to the counter and after you order, you proceed to the outdoor, open-sitting area that's connected to the kiosk WITH a lovely view of the Strip.

The staff members were all very friendly and accommodating! Since it was our first time, they described the different types of rolls they offered and how each combo differentiated from one another. 

We opted for the Noah's Ark, since it was the recommended option for two people to share. It comes with two sets of lobster rolls, crab rolls, shrimp rolls, and a couple of crab claws. It's perfect for when you're on a date or if it's your first time trying out the place. We were able to sample all their menu items through this order and they were all great! My favorite was the lobster roll (as expected with the name of the store, haha). The seafood was topped with a spice that added the perfect kick PLUS the rolls were melt-in-your-mouth good with all their toasted buttery goodness. 

However, as great as the crab and shrimp rolls were, I would probably order the lobster roll for next time. Noah's Ark had great sample sizes but now that I know what I prefer, I would rather just eat a larger lobster roll.

They also have unique bottled drinks! So give those a try as well. Overall, it was pretty pricey for me but hey, paying for quality!笑
Cashier had a shit attitude but I don't blame him he has to sell tourists lobster rolls out of a shack on the strip but the food itself didn't kill me and tasted decent. I think lobster me may be better笑
Just as good as the one we visited in Washington DC! So excited that there is one in Vegas and my kids are loving the shrimp rolls and the clam chowder! Hubby loves the lobster roll and customer service was spot on.笑
I'm originally from "back East" where I could go to the Maine coast and get snapping fresh lobster. I understand why most people who live in this desert town don't appreciate good seafood because the "character" of Ocean harvests changes significantly once it is exposed to the dry desert air.

That problem still exists for Luke's, as far as fresh seafood is concerned, but it is still a boost to what can be had in Las Vegas. Located in a kiosk outside the Forum shops on Las Vegas Blvd., It is worth a visit, especially if you live in the West and miss the fresh seafood of the East.

They do their lobster rolls in the "traditional" manner and they are delicious. I loved it and will be back.笑
In the words of the poet Drake, "You're the best I ever had."

I've had fresh lobster before, great. I've had fresh lobster in an okay roll before, meh. I've now had fresh lobster in a delicious well prepared and seasoned roll, HOT DAMN. I'm not kidding when I say I would name my first born Luke (whom would look strange with my darker skin tone) if it meant I could have Luke's Lobster FOR EVEN A MONTH for free. My child's lifetime name is worth it. Let that say something. 

Before you hunt through the entire fashion show mall to meticulously trying to locate this place, it's outdoors. On the strip facing side of the mall. I was intimidated by the price of a $17 lobster roll but that quickly went away. These are not a stingy bunch. They literally STACK your roll full of lobster. Like how Philly Cheesesteaks are made (in Philly). The flavor of their roll itself I'm confident will haunt your dreams it's so delicious.

Please, please, please go! I need a reason to say "you're welcome" to you.笑
The wife and I both had lobster rolls. Very tasty. Bread was toasted just right, and the lobster had great flavor. Wish the lobster roll was a little bigger, but I would say it was standard size. They do pack on the meat, so that is a plus.笑
My husband and I love lobster, we have tried quite a few places around LV and this place is by far the best. The spot is really small but cute. I think the servings are perfect. My husband and I both got the lobster roll, chips and lobster bisque. What I like about this place it that you are getting lobster and the roll and none of the extras such as celery, lettuce and all that other stuff that other places use for filler. The light butter and mayo sauce they use is not over powering,  or goopy and compliments the roll well. The seasoning they use is simple yet tasty and that is what I am looking for and also they toast the roll here perfectly. I have been a victim of getting a non toasted, cold flavorless roll at other lobster joints but Luke's Lobster gets it right. The lobster bisque was really good too. Not floury or goopy at all. It was light , flavorful and had nice lobster chunks in there. This is for sure my new lobster spot. They keep it simple with good quality and taste.笑
I'd like to first start by saying that it's hard to find good lobster on the west coast but Luke's Lobsters exceeded my expectations. For lobster in Nevada, it was surprisingly crispy and fresh tasting. That said, there was a lack of that salty lobster taste that makes those East Coast joints so spectacular. All in all, this was a great lobster place. I had the Taste of Maine which was lobster, shrimp, and crab. The crab was my favorite and I would highly recommend this place!笑
Crab roll was amazing. Lobster roll was good both very buttery. It's a quick snack on the strip and they were very nice.笑
there is just one word i have to say to this resteraut, wow! this place is amazing, great service, great food, great place overall. although it might be hard to find but its an amazing place.笑
1) excellent, full flavored, one of the best lobster rolls. 2) way way over priced. 3) it's smallllllll. 4) they charge $3 for a small bottle of whatever generic water. Lol. 

Suggestion: treat this like an appetizer to your actual meal. But one, they cut it in two pieces anyway n have a taste test for both. How small are these??? Mebbe two bites n ur done. :)笑
Yes the lobster roll was juicy,sweet and delicious thanx to the butter bun.. 

BUT I don't know if it's worth $23 include a drink(got the blueberry lemonade and it was gross) and a small side of coleslaw which was also sour and kinda bland. 
The roll was even smaller than my hand  and I got small hands .. I was still hungry afterwards it, so sad!! I could've gone to an AYCE Korean BBQ for the same price and would be stuff and a few lbs. heavier..LOL!!笑
While in Vegas, we stayed at the Wynn. Food is okay there, but we say this right across the street and decided to try it. I got the lobster grilled cheese with some clam chowder. So delicious! The only downside was we were in Vegas in November and it was cold, and there's no indoor seating so we were inevitably freezing. Aside from that great good!笑
What a surprise little spot on the Vegas Strip near Fashion Mall.  I had the best lobster roll ever here!  Had a bag of chips and a blueberry soda (from Maine) as well.  Reasonably priced for a lobster roll with a lot of lobster.  Outdoor tables, so it's not fine dining.笑
Our server Joanne was the cutest and sweetest worker on the strip ever! She reccomend the taste of Maine and the blueberry soda. It came with a huge portion of lobster in a roll a shrimp roll and crab roll 3 crab claws. It's very buttery and garlicky, super flavorful and bread was toasted to perfection. Blueberry soda was different, but light and delicious. This is so much better than lobster Me or earls sandwich, best sandwich on the strip! 

Everything was amazing!!! I'm going to be back just for the lobster roll again..笑
Came here for dinner with a friend. We both had the lobster roll up with clam chowder, chips and a drink and the pricing was fabulous. For $26 I walked away full and the drink was tasty (blueberry soda). the only complaint I would have & why I gave it four stars is I think that the lobster should've been warm but it was served cold. Just my personal preference. You will not be disappointed here.笑
日本にも出来ていつも行列らしいけどここラスベガスの店は昼時にも関わらず並ばずに食べられた。
大人2人と子供1人でnoah's arkとロブスターロールとドリンクを注文、ファストフード的な店構えにしては強気の70ドル超。
確かに高いけどバターソースで和えたロブスターはこの上なく美味い、シュリンプ、クラブの２つのロールを圧倒する。
次回はnoah's arkでは無くてロブスターロールを２つ頼もうと思う。笑
I found this "chain" in Bethesda, and it's AMAZING!  So good!  Best lobster rolls ever!  Real, huge hunks of fresh lobster, lightly dressed and perfectly seasoned!  Had the lobster bisque and it was really good too!笑
The best place to get your hands on a lobster roll!  It's located inside the mall, and had a hard time finding it because the windows are tinted. But it was totally worth it! If you like lobster--you'll love this place!笑
3.5 stars

A little too salty for me!

My friend and I shared the Taste of Maine ($24): 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll, 1/2 shrimp roll, 2 crab claws, drink, chips and a pickle. Mind you, portion size is very small, but not out of the ordinary for seafood rolls. I think it's a good value because you don't have to fully commit to one type of roll and have later regrets if it doesn't taste the way you expected it to.

My favorite out of the three was the shrimp roll - not too overdressed and had a sweet, shrimp flavor to it. My least favorite was the crab roll which was a tad too pungent in smell/flavor.

We also added a side of clam chowder - good! But after a few bites, it became too, too salty.

Luke's Lobster is in Vegas is great. It satiated my desire to eat at its New York location, and inevitably, saved me a meal on my next trip to New York.笑
The size is small, but great quality. Wish i had looked over the menu more.. i would have been better off getting the trio, you get more bang for your buck! They have a small sitting area, but through the mall doors are a couple tables.笑
We ordered lobster roll and clam chowder. The roll is perfectly seasoned and so delicious. We went this restaurant twice in the same trip because of the amazing roll. I recommend you to try the lobster roll :)笑
I love the lobster roll, the best lobster sandwich ever.  Seriously, the best ever!!!! I have had dreams about this thing! Huge chunks of fresh, sweet juicy lobster on  a buttered roll that resembles texas toast. Great!!!!
I also love, and I must say again, LOVE the stone crab claws! So delicious.... Only three pieces to an order so it can get a little pricey to get full. 
Location is the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars. The outside small hut located in front of the Fashion Show Mall is extremely inconvenient to park and get to for us locals. Worst is the seating 3 or 4 small tables outside in the sun...... Vegas....... 110 degrees...... and if the tables are full you have to stand and hold your food in the sun, no other seating options are even close by........笑
lobster roll!

just try it!

no more, no less, just do it!!笑
Stopped here for lunch last week. The rolls are great and the service was good. It is unfortunate that they do not have and seating where you will not melt. We took our food into the mall to enjoy the AC while we ate.笑
So Delicious! 
The service was quick and fast when we showed up! The lobster roll is jam packed with yummy delicious ....LOBSTER! Try this place out when you are in town!笑
Best lobster rolls in Vegas. Been coming here since it opened. All fresh lobster and crab imported twice a week from Maine and other popular fishing areas. Always super fresh. Al title pricey but not bad for the strip. Service is usually great and the sitting area is pretty unique. Would recommend a visit when stopping in Vegas. Try the lobster or crab grilled cheese that is seasonal for winter!笑
We visited this location on Friday, July 21st. We had the Lobster Roll, although the Lobster was very good for what you got, the sandwich itself was rather small for $17. In all fairness my review may be a bit skewed because I had the pleasure of eating a Lobster Roll sandwich earlier this year at DJ's Crab Shack in Key West, FL.  It's served on a toasted Cuban roll and nearly twice the size of Luke's but for $18.
Again, Luke's was good. The staff was very friendly.笑
Just wanted some good seafood for a reasonable price.  Luke's Lobster hit the spot!  I got the trio and the lobster bisque.  The 3 1/2 portion rolls were perfect portions for me, but my husband would need a little more.  The taste was delicious.  The crab was seasoned just right and the toasted bread was so soft after the toast crunch.  It was a cool night in Vegas and the bisque had the right warmth to knock off the chill.  Wanted a little more flavor with the soup, but the sandwiches were so good, I know I'll return again.  My 2 favorites were the lobster roll and the crab roll.笑
I love good seafood, this place has a huge variety of great food. The customer service is great!!笑
The service here was super fast and the staff is super friendly. Make sure you let them know you're a local so you can get a stamp card! The location is super small like their rolls. It's more of an appetizer rather. Don't expect that you would get full off the sandwich itself. The roll is probably 3/4 the size of a Costco hot dog, just to put things into perspective. I ordered the crab roll, which was really good. My husband ordered the lobster roll, which was mainly claw meat. FYI: it's an additional $5 for a lobster roll. 

For two tiny rolls, it came out to be $30 or so. For an additional $30, you can grab dinner with a show at Benihana and actually have a full meal.笑
The reviews are right - this is AMAZING. Half pound of lobster in this thing. And it's not a lobster salad with all that mayo - it's just a fantastic pile of cold, fresh and perfectly seasoned and buttered lobster on the softest toasted bread. JUST GET ONE. WILL BE BACK TOMORROW.笑
This is a little shack located outside of the Fashion Show Mall on the strip. There is very limited seating just to the side of it. The lobster roll came out to be just under $20 and it was delicious!! At first glance, it is small and looks very simple but you'd be surprised. It is definitely worth the $20. They give you a good amount of lobster and the bun is sweet and soft. Don't forget to ask for pickles!笑
Absolutely amazing. I ordered the lobster roll and it was everything I could hope for. So good I went back the same day to get another one, but it was closed. You may think it could be a little over priced but for the amount of meat that they provide it is worth it.笑
Pleasantly surprised with how tasty the food was. The staff was really friendly and the soda selection was pretty neat.笑
Lobster roll was so delicious! Big chunks of moist, juicy, and succulent lobster. Very impressed and will go here every time I visit Las Vegas.笑
I'm so glad Luke's Lobster finally made it to Vegas.  I had it when I went to New York and was wishing they'd put one up here.  Staff was great and of course the lobster and crab rolls were out of this world.笑
Absolutely delish lobster roll, as good as any we had in Maine last year. Staff was friendly & helpful. I was surprised to read that this is a chain and not a recently opened mom-n-pop business or one started by a young entrepreneur. Generous portion of lobster with just the right amount of sauce (very little) on a nicely toasted bun.  I'd LOVE to see this business in Walnut Creek,
CA!笑
Vegas is now blessed with a branch of the East Coast chain of Luke's Lobster. This chain specializes in lobster rolls sourced with fresh ingredients, although they serve other seafood rolls and soup too. They operate in a tiny standalone shop outside the strip side of the Fashion Show Mall near the Wynn walkway.

This reminds me of my trip to the East Coast. They produce an authentic lobster roll with a decent amount of fresh crustacean. The flavor and style is nearly identical to the one I had underneath the Brooklyn Bridge a year ago. Due to the heat, I passed on the chowder. The combination of half shrimp, crab, and lobster is great for beginners. It is somewhat small and a bit expensive, but you are eating north Atlantic lobster in the middle of the desert people.

The small shack has no air conditioned seating and only a small unit inside, so it does get rather hot during common Vegas heat waves. The service was fast and helpful satiating my lobster fix until I return to New England.笑
My boyfriend was craving a lobster roll for the past few months (literally), but we couldn't find anywhere back home to get a good one. Flash forward to our trip to Vegas this March. I typed in "lobster roll" onto Yelp and this was the first place that popped up. Prior to checking this place out, I wasn't really a seafood/lobster fan...but after reading the wonderful reviews on about this place, I knew I had to at least give it a try.

Although unassuming, Luke's Lobster truly delivers an excellent, high-quality lobster roll. The simplicity of the dish - a quarter pound of fresh Maine lobster with just a hint of lemon butter on top of perfectly toasted sourdough bun - really allowed the freshness of the lobster to shine through. Like I mentioned before, I'm not the hugest seafood fan. However, this lobster roll has legitimately changed my opinion of seafood for good. Every bite of lobster had so much flavor in it...so juicy, tender, and very, very fresh. After this experience, I can't go back now. I think I might be a seafood (or at least lobster) fan for life! 

$17 for a small roll might seem a bit expensive, even for Vegas. But trust me: Even though the roll looks small, the quarter pound of lobster meat on this baby really fills you up. My boyfriend and I were both starving and thought a lobster roll each would tie us over just for a little bit, but we were full for quite some time after finishing.

TLDR: Check this place out. You won't regret it. Absolutely delicious.笑
Just like the Luke's in Boston. They didn't miss a thing. They brought a piece of Boston to the Las Vegas desert. Amazing!笑
Stopped at Luke's lobster for a quick bite on my last trip to Vegas. Since it was summer and snow crab was is season I had to try it out. I went with a half roll of snow crab and a lobster roll (full size) 

The half size roll was small but there was a decent portion of crab for the small roll. Snow crab was good as I expected with that almost sweat flavor. 

The lobster roll was very good, again a healthy portion of meat in the roll. I could have eaten 10 of them it was so good. 

The price was on par with what I'd expect to pay in Vegas (or most places) for a fresh lobster roll. 

I wish the rolls were larger but that because I'm a big eater. I will stop in again in my next trip to Vegas.笑
Enjoyed this place as much as I loved the one in DC.  Got Lobsterme.  Just was really easy to miss if you aren't sure where the booth/stand is.  Try it if you (1) love lobsters and (2) can find it.笑
Best lobster roll I've had (and I've had several in Boston). Just wanted to let you know it's pretty small in size (6 inches max) and expensive $18. Still, I'll be back again for another roll before we leave. The restaurant is a bit hard to find. It's a small shop outside of fashion show mall near the pressed juicery笑
Wife loves lobster, so when ever there is a chance to indulge, hammer down. Yup there is lobster here over flowing the bun. I know the lobster is the main act but the roll was like a hot dog bun. No big knock but a little more carb action would of been good. Tastes great and I know where we will end up next time in LV.笑
Even though it can be kind of pricey, but it is on the strip.  Even so, it's worth it! I bought the North Atlantic I think? It's the combo with the Shrimp Sandwich and Clam Chowder.  It was so good! I really enjoyed the toasted bread with mayo, it really mixed well with the shrimps and the chips you get with the meal~  Can't wait to go back again and try their Grilled Cheese Lobster sandwich!笑
My boyfriend and I really wanted to try this place since we had heard great things about it. I must say that my expectations were definitely exceeded taste wise. I really enjoyed the lobster roll but I liked the crab roll even more since I am a bit of a crab fanatic. Both rolls were stuffed with plenty of meat, which tasted fresh and was seasoned wonderfully. The clam chowder was everything I had hoped it would be and had tons of flavor. My only complaint was that I thought the size of the roll(about the size of a stuffed piece of sliced bread folded in half) did not match the price. I did a bit more research and noticed that the prices at this location was up to $4 more expensive than its locations in NYC. :(笑
Luke's Lobster is one of those Restaurants that calls you back to get your Lobster/seafood fix. It the kind of place that is very casual almost rustic where you can roll your sleeves up and dig in. There food is fresh, served is fast and friendly. If your a foodie and love lobster, this is a place you NEED to go to. Dave Sac CA笑
Came to Vegas for memorial weekend and wanted a lobster roll.  Yelped it and found this place.  I'm just going to keep it simple.  I ordered the lobster roll and it was delicious.  I don't even like lobster but this lobster was amazing.  If your on the strip make sure you check this place out .  Service was good too笑
These are extremely small. Imagine the size of a hot dog bun and you have the size of your lobster roll. Food tastes great. Workers are friendly. Beware that you are paying for the real estate.笑
The place was so hard to find. We must have passed it 4 times before we finally found it. The good was really good. The price was good for Las Vegas. I definitely would eat hear again. The lobster role was super yummy.笑
Simple, fresh and yummy!  Ordered the lobster roll combo (with chips, pickle and a drink) and it was all I wanted and hoped for.  The lobster was chunky and seasoned perfectly, and although the portions aren't huge it was just enough to tide me over.  Love the little shack set outside of Fashion Show Mall (by Nieman's) and the patio seating, which is great for enjoying the sights and sounds of the Strip and people watching.  Definitely a must eat, and it will for sure be our go to whenever we hit up Fashion Show again.笑
Best lobster roll I think I have ever had! The lobster was very high quality and with only a bit of mayo on the roll, it really let the lobster shine. It is served on a buttery toasted roll, which, while nontraditional, was fantastic! The service was fast and friendly. Great for a quick bite and well worth seeking out on the Strip!笑
Food:
Lobster Roll: Buttery goodness. The bun was soft and toasted perfectly. I wish they had an option of serving the lobster warm but overall great lobster roll. 
Clam chowder: The clam chowder was decent. I've had a lot better in the Bay Area and in Crescent City, CA. 
Lobster bisque: Very tasty! I would highly recommend over their clam chowder. 

Service:
Staff were very friendly and welcoming. They were very helpful and offered samples of their soups. 

Atmosphere: 
The sitting area is EXTREMELY small. There area about 4 tables that seat about 4-5. Plan accordingly if you are meeting with a big group.笑
Rolling'

I located Luke's Lobster shack after a brief scavenger hunt at the Fashion Show Mall (located at the outdoor shops near Sugar Factory). 

The Yelp reviews are awesome but I needed a little more justification for this pricey little snack. 

I purchased the Lobster roll for $17 and it satisfied my appetite all 320 calories for a few hours but it's definitely a snack unless you order a soup. 

Over ten locations including Japan and fresh traceable seafood (back to the lobsterman) was a win for me. The price is justifiable and I'd definitely return in the near future this time for the trio. 

I didn't see any dessert but if I'm ever in Miami the key lime pie addition will be a must.笑
I got the combo which I paid $26 when it come out I thought it was a joke . The size of the sandwich compare with the pic online is so different. Beside they have 2 table and a few chairs for customer . For all the $$$$ you spend totally not worth it.笑
True to the hype, the lobster roll is a must have. If you've never tried a spiced carbonated drink, go for the ginger spicy brew. It made everything even better!笑
Awesome lobster rolls and lobster bisque right on the strip.  Lisa and the rest of the crew made us feel like regulars on our first visit.  Great food and great service.笑
This is my new number one spot for lobster rolls. For sure. Thank you for coming to Vegas! 

Perfect. They really are perfect. The best around here. The roll is buttery and soft yet toasted crisp on the outside. It tastes bold enough to stand on its own like these 'new age' rolls tend to be, though it's still subtle and basic enough like the old classic Maine rolls that let the lobster shine. A good in-between if you must. 

The cold lobster is first and foremost, fresh, then tasty, then divine, delicate, soft and super sweet meat. Meat that is beautiful because it is pure and not drenched in a mask of mayonnaise. The lightest coating of the cleanest wet flavor on the meat leaves the lobster always in the lead. Where it should be. 

Luke's Lobster is really that good. Once, when I wasn't paying attention and took an almost unforgivable sloppy bite, a piece of chunky lobster, as if in slow motion, fell off my roll onto the table and then onto the ground. My husband dramatically yelled, also as if in slow motion. I have never seen him like that over food. He seriously picked the lobster up off the outside mall floor and then ate it. Right in his mouth. No hesitation. I can't say I would do the same, but I can say that the lobster is really actually that good. 

Note: When they come out, they look tiny, wee wittle wolls, but fear not! It's really a lot of lobster. Appropriate. Right. True. Claws and all. I think I didn't finish a bite once. Logically you only need one, unless you're starving and splurging. Price is up there. 

They have crab and shrimp, too. 

If you can only do one, come to Luke's Lobster over the Lobster Me chain in the Venetian or Planet Hollywood. It may seem more convenient if you're staying on the strip, but at the high prices in either case, just skip a little further down to the Fashion Show Mall. Look for it past the food court and OUTSIDE. We will come during winter and sit outside even when the heat lamps aren't on yet, if that tells you something...

Park at Neiman Marcus if you intend on being a regular and coming just for Luke's. No shame in that game.笑
Very friendly service. I'm from Boston and the lobster roll was ok. The best lobster roll in town is a food truck Cousins Maine Lobster.笑
Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhh! Who traveled to Sin City in search of a roll? SpongeLuke Lobster pants..And as you can see THAT's why I haven't quit my day job to nab that opening act gig on the strip..Haha

What isn't a joke however is Luke's Lobster nestled outside of the Fashion Show Mall. I really had my heart set on finding a decent lobster roll in Vegas to satisfy my Slapfish craving while away from Cali and boy did I find that here!

They have the staples: crab, lobster, and shrimp rolls and a few other seasonal items so certainly it swabs anyone's seafood poop deck. I continuously keep being hooked on the Luke's trio. It's basically three half rolls of crab, lobster, and shrimp for a modest $20 price tag however from the consistency it feels like it should be $200 (don't ever do that please) haha. What stands out is the quality and freshness. The shrimp has been one of the most tender I have tried to date and the lobster/crab are not reeking of water or salty displeasure so Luke definitely uses the force to hone his craft! I would say their secret seasoning blend is the coup de gras though as it just seems to always elevate the rolls to new heights!

A dark horse in all this ironically enough was the beverages. Ever since I first gave it a sample I have been head over heels for the blueberry lemonade. It comes in a bottleneck so it looks like I was getting hammered without the after effect, but wow between the blueberry and honey mix did that TKO my tastebuds! That certainly is a highly recommended item to snag.

So as the lighthouse dims the searchlights on the strip follow the buoys to Luke's as you will not regret it! The overall experience will leave you scaling the seven seas for your sea legs.笑
I've been to the Luke's in NYC and was disappointed when ordering the Taste of Maine right before my trip to the airport back home in Vegas.Price was high for a mall kiosk style venue, but since I was charging to the company, I was not too worried. There was barely any crab and lobster in my rolls! Shrimp was plentiful...but I was really looking forward to devouring the lobster. Not sure why they are so stingy on the meat here vs. NYC? Maybe because there are more transient customers here and not repeat customers?笑
My husband and I are out here from Kansas. I had heard about this place on Yelp, boy I just want to say that's the best lobster roll we ever had. Staff was friendly and the atmosphere was welcoming. Keep up the good work guys and we will be back next time I'm in town.笑
I had Luke Lobster in NYC a few years ago, and it had left positive impression in my memory. That is why I had to come here when I found it on yelp. 
From what I remember, the NYC kiosk was in a fancy shopping mall's food court. It was fancy, lively, hip, and fun. This LV kiosk is small, right in front of the Fashion show mall, and looks somewhat sad. 
I got Noah's Ark and 2 big cups of clam chowder for almost $80, which just barely enough for the three of us. We didn't care for the shrimp roll, and thought it would be more enjoyable to get the soup combo for the crab or lobster. The included crab claw is also tiny, it is fresh but nothing special.笑
$18 for a sandwich?  Ok, its Vegas, and its fresh Maine lobster and holy cow that's one damn good roll.   I randomly went there the first day of my Vegas trip for lunch because we were staying at the Wynn across the street and couldnt wait to go back the next day.   Simple sandwich with a lot of lobster meat.  Yeah, only a few tables outside in the heat but that didnt bother me all that much.  I wonder if they would deliver to Texas. :)笑
Ordered the Sampler:  Lobster, crab and shrimp rolls with 2 crab claws, bag of chips and a drink.  Everything was fresh and lightly seasoned.  Clam chowder was also amazing with a lot of clams! Must visit!  

Service was friendly and attentive!  It's a booth with 5 tables outside in the courtyard in front of Neiman Marcus.笑
Ordered the Lobster Roll combo, which comes with a drink and chips.  It was very tasty and the lobster portions are very generous.笑
Great lobster roll.  Generous lobster portion.  Friendly staff.  There is only an outdoor seating area so if it's a very hot day, go eat at the tables in the mall.笑
Got the famous lobster roll, it taste fresh and delicious, I can't wait to come back and try the crab roll. It's a must eat place if you are shopping at the Fashion show mall.笑
Very authentic tasting Lobster Rolls and seafood. I got a sampler with half portions of the lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls along with 2 Stone Crab claws. Everything was delicious but the tiny portions don't match the large prices. I walked away feeling like I had a good snack but had to eat a real lunch afterwards.笑
Very impressed by their lobster sandwich. Pricey (but I think) worth the money. Lobster was stuffed between this bread with some awesome tasting butter. I also got the chowder soup which was rich and full of clam chunks. They have small portions but one can understand with the cost of the seafood. Great location (right in front of the mall) and a nice outside seating area. I will be back!笑
I really wish I would have taken a photo of the most delicious lobster roll of my entire life, but I inhaled it within about two minutes after having it handed to me, so I missed the opportunity. If you are a seafood lover and are looking for an excellent lobster roll, this is the place for you. Topped off with a bag of salt and vinegar chips and a root beer, this was my favorite lunch in Vegas (yes, even over Spago!). Perfection!笑
Ordered the crab & lobster rolls. I loved both but if I return I would order the lobster roll again. The lobster meat was in huge chunks but the crab was flaked. I also had a shell in my crab roll. The service was good but they need to improve on the seating area for the customers. They had a few, dirty tables outside covered with umbrellas for shade. The problem was that the umbrella didn't cover the whole area so we were hit by the 100 degree sun. The blueberry and cola sodas were just ok. I wouldn't order them again.笑
The lobster rolls are very very good.  They are not as small as they look, their bread is just a bit smaller than some of the rolls you see at other places.  The amount of lobster meat is a decent amount.  That being said, I did need two lobster roll and a lobster bisque to fill up.

The location is just really just a stand.  We had been looking for a "restaurant" but it is really just a nice food stand.

With the lobster bisque, I requested some rolls to go with it.  And the ladies at the counter gave it to me for free.笑
What a nice little find. I owe thanks to my fellow Yelpers for directing me to this spot. It's an unassuming little building, but you can't miss the neon letters touting lobster! The young gentleman behind the counter was welcoming and had an upbeat spirit. He even told us the story of the company and how the lobster hops on the plane for Vegas right after being processed. The lobster definitely tasted fresh after biting into the scrumptious roll. They were out of clam chowder so I opted for the lobster bisque. It should join the pedestal the clam chowder sits on, very good. Prices were decent being its on the Vegas strip. I may just have to make the walk back over before heading home.笑
Cute little place tucked away outside near Neiman Marcus. The lobster rolls were very good!笑
I love Luke's lobster , unfortunately you can never get enough! This location was clean and quick with the food especially being in such a busy area. The staff were nice and I'd go back over and over and over again!笑
Las Vegas, the land of world-class lobster rolls served out of a kiosk in front of a mall.

It really is just a kiosk--a counter and small adjacent seating area with five small tables. But don't let that keep you away. 

My husband and I got to the register and had a little panic over what to order--taste of Maine? Noah's ark? The man taking our order walked us through the various options and was super friendly and helpful...didn't rush us at all.

We settled on the Noah's ark ($52), which features a lobster roll, crab roll, shrimp roll, two pickles, and four crab claws with cocktail sauce, all divided evenly into two baskets, plus your choice of two bags of chips (Cape Cod kettle cooked potato chips--regular or sea salt and vinegar) and two drinks (bottled water, Main Root soda, or Luke's Maine blueberry lemonade). 

The combo gives you a nice amount of food for each person. If you're starving, I guess you might want more, but I couldn't finish everything. The rolls are simple--toasted white roll, a bit of mayo, piled with shellfish, topped with drawn butter and a sprinkle of seasoning. Great bread-to-shellfish ratio, and plenty of butter, but not too much of anything to overpower the seafood. So delicious! There's Sriracha and shakers of seasoning on the tables, but you totally don't need it. 

Maine root sodas are great--made with organic, cane juice. I opted for blueberry, because, you know, Maine. No flavors or anything, just blueberry juice. The lemonade is made with wildflower honey. 

Pickle was totally meh--not crisp, but that's my biggest complaint, which is saying something!
 
I love that they have a chalkboard telling you where that day's lobster, crab, and shrimp came from. 

The service was consistently excellent, from the person who took our order to the one who came by to check on us while we were eating. 

Prices certainly aren't cheap, but it's Las Vegas, and you're getting great quality, delicious seafood. Don't miss it!笑
We learned about little gem on thrillist.com. It was a chilly day in Vegas but no worries they have the heaters fired up. I was excited to try the clam chowder but they had just run out. We were encouraged to try the lobster bisque, so very glad we did. We started out with a lobster roll first and loved it SO much we decided to go for the crab roll too. We did not leave one crumb. It was toasty Texas style bread heaping with lobster and crab. We will have this again for sure.笑
Service: the staffs were very attentive and made sure everything we wanted were there. Explained the menu to us and had a good sense of humor. 

Food: we came on valentines day and got the Be My Lobster special. $55 for 2 luke trio, clam chowder, and half of a lobster tail. Everything tasted on point! The lobster tail WAS a bit tough n cold but what can you expect. The lobster claws in the half sandwich was chunky and full! The crab was delicious, you could taste the grain and fibers of the meat and the mayo brings a bold flavor over it. The bay shrimp sandwich was a great starter to work up to the bigger crustaceans. Clan chowder was phenomenal; chunks of clams were everywhere!

Overalll: would go again if it didnt cost me an arm and a leg :)笑
Really enjoyed it! Fresh and yummy! Try the lobster bisque! The lobster roll was fresh and sweet, the bread was perfectly toasted with a delicious butter sauce!笑
I look at all these reviews and I want to be a believer. But I went here and I was far from impressed. I ordered the sampler which came with 3 sandwich pieces (Tiny) and two crab claws a drink and chips. One of the most important things for a good lobster roll is the bread. Unfortunately it wasn't what I expected. It was tasteless not buttered or crisp. A good amount of meat but also tasteless and bland lacking freshness. In fact all three sandwiches were very bland and lacking flavor. Overall a waste of money and time. I have ate lobster rolls everywhere from Maine to Boston to san Francisco. And these were by far the worst taste and value. Not because they didn't look good but the lack of flavor and the amount of salt and pepper they put on is a way too much and seems too be trying to cover the lack of taste. Very disappointed......Plus only outdoor seating for a $30 plate of sandwich bites? Maybe it was a off day but it would take a miracle to change my mind.笑
全てのロールを楽しめるtaste of maineを注文。個人的にはシュリンプが最高！バターの味のエビが大量に口に居る感覚、カニの美味しさは病みつきになりそう！笑
Food is great here. I got the trio so that I could try out all of the rolls and I was pretty impressed.笑
Had a hard time finding it and I thought it was an actual big place. Ordered the Luke's Trio and it was really good, but small portions to share with any one. Crab claws were good and the lobster tails were small, but for the price, you get what you pay for. All in all, would definitely go back.笑
As a New Englander, I approve of this Lobster :)

Lobster rolls and crab rolls were excellent. A lot of shellfish stuffed into a small, nicely buttered roll. Super fresh tasting, and lightly dressed (not covered in mayo or something). Great Maine sodas and plain or salt & vinegar Cape Cod chips. All so good!

Staff is super nice too. Awesome place!笑
This is my little taste of NJ Hoboken has a location and I love this tasty treat right before I smoke a Cigar at the Davidoff right next door... Staff is always friendly and the outside seating area is always clean... ( if it's not just let staff know and they will fix it) Great place but pricey...笑
This was such a good stop on our trip. I got a half order of the lobster roll since we came here shortly after lunch. The mayo and seasoning they put on there made the lobster amazing. In hindsight I should have ordered their sampler without the bread so that I could try everything on their menu. Would definitely recommend as a snack and not as a meal since the portions for seafood are expensive.笑
The first time I tried Luke's Lobster was in New York and I fell in love. My boyfriend and I both got the Taste of Maine in NY, and both really enjoyed the lobster roll. I saw that Luke's Lobster was supposed to open in LV when I went in September, so I was looking forward to trying it out again. 
Right when we arrived in LV, we went straight to Luke's Lobster and got the Lobster Roll ($18 each). Each lobster roll is about the length of an average sized hand, filled with a great amount of lobster. The lobster roll wasn't drenched in sauce, which made the flavors of the lobster more bold. I really enjoyed the bread as well since it was soft, and somewhat buttery. 

I would definitely eat this everyday if I could! 

FYI, these lobster rolls are cold!笑
First time trying this place out and it was actually really good. I expected a bigger portion, not the size of a small hot dog bun.笑
SO GOOD!!

Perfectly cooked lobster in a warm/toasted/buttery bread roll. AH! DROOL!
Clam chowder is the best I've ever had (for my taste preferences). I loved that every bite was filled with lots of potato and generous chunks of clam, it was very hearty and bursting in flavor, and it wasn't heavy on the cream. Just a really well-balanced clam chowder. It was a perfect complement to the cute outdoor setting in the Vegas winter. 

Which reminds me: Luke's Lobster is its own little kiosk outside. I was super hangry and lost for a good 10 minutes looking for this place. But definitely worth the hunt!笑
This is a little food shack outside of a mall.  The few table and chairs they had out were taken so we had to sit at a nearby curb.  Yea, my sister took me here and she paid for it.  I think greater than $20 for a few lobster tidbits is... ahem ... overpriced?  The meat was cold.  They probably kept it frozen to keep it from spoiling.  There really is no smell or flavor to the meat.  I'm sure it was fresh albeit frozen.  I had to dipped it in their cocktail sauce to bring out the taste.  I also tried their shrimp and crab roll.  Same deal.  Overall, if you have a fetish for these things I guess this place will do.  For me, I'd rather dine in restaurant and get warm, cooked lobster meat.笑
Luke's Lobster has a pretty vast following on the east coast. I try to stop at Luke's whenever I am in Philly and now Las Vegas has one! Located on the strip at the Fashion Show Mall, Luke's offers a simple, but tasty menu. Be sure to try the famous lobster roll. The lobster is fresh and juicy. Make it a combo and get some Cape Cod chips, and if you are hungry grab some clam chowder. 

Overall 4.5/5

P.S. Make sure to grab ask for a stamp card if you aren't offered one, buy ten get one free!笑
Order A Lobster Roll I must say it was very delicious but for 23 dollars and it don't come with fries nor anything smh except a little cup of coleslaw it's just crazy and not only that the roll was extremely small!!!笑
Review #122 - 2017

Finally got a chance to try the infamous lobsta roll.

When I showed up on Monday, May 24th, around 3 PM, there was no one else around at all.  I actually was afraid that they could possibly be closed since many restaurants are closed between 3-5 PM. Thank goodness they were still open.

I ordered the lobster roll, of course, and gave my daughter a few small bites.  She actually enjoyed the bread more since there was more flavor in the bread.  The lobster itself was a little bland, but it worked well with the buttered bread.

Sadly, I can't give it a full 5 stars because I finished the whole darn thing in about two minutes.  Yes, it was my first meal so I was starving--I finished it quickly, but it still felt like a small portion for $17 dollars.

My other complaint is that I asked for ice, and they told me they don't have ice.  How can a place that serves food and drinks not have ice?  The lady recommended that I walked to Starbucks, which I was going to do any way...笑
Really good! So worth it! Lobster is fresh and really good. Nice little atmosphere to. Highly recommend it.笑
I use lobster rolls as a quick once in a while pick me up and today I decided to try something new! Luke's was absolutely amazing. The roll wasn't too buttery and I usually like a warm roll but THIS WAS AMAZING! The food was fresh and they put on the board exactly where they get each lobster, crab, and shrimp from. Great price, great deals, great service. I was super impressed and can't wait til I'm craving a lobster quick fix again!笑
Got the lobster roll and clam chowda bowl. Lobster roll was delicious. Had lots of huge pieces of lobster on a toasted buttery bun. Was a bit smaller than I had hoped though. Clam chowda bowl was filled to the brim (thanks!) and had lots of pieces of clam in it, big enough to taste (with an unlimited supply of oyster crackers). Was a great meal...probably my favorite, but I shared it with my husband since Lobster Rolls are so expensive, so I left semi sad, wanting more. :)

Five stars for the taste, but I wish it would be a bit cheaper (or larger).笑
It's not cheap, lobster is never cheap, but it is worth the heat (in summer) and the price, to be out there eating the best lobster roll ever. The meat is real and tender and plentiful.笑
Stopped by for a lobster bisque to go but ended up staying on the nice little patio attached. Staff were all friendly and helpful with our questions. Give Martin a raise because he's great. Soup was fantastic with big chunks of lobster in it. Great stuff for a small shack on the sidewalk. Thanks guys!笑
The best lobster roll I've ever had! Don't even bother getting the trio and tasting the other two rolls. Save your space for the lobster roll and add on a tail for $5笑
For being a place in a mall, this place is very good. I normally wouldn't expect to get food of this quality in any mall including Las Vegas. I go here for the stone crab and the other quality sea food. I usually try to stay away from Fashion Show and The strip, but it is worth it to make it down here.笑
This place, located outside the fashion mail, is FANTASTIC. Grabbed a lobster roll, crab roll and clam chowder on the way back to our room at Wynn late night. You have to try this when in Vegas!!笑
Did I really pay $22 for a lobster roll and &18 for a crab roll? Oh, there was two drinks and two bags of chips with it too. Wow. So over priced. I know it's on the Strip and geared towards tourists, but come on man.

Any who....The rolls were excellent. The lobster and crab tasted sweet and fresh. I like the fact that it wasn't drowned in mayo and you could taste the meat. There is a small patio area where you eat at. It wasn't busy when I was there, but I can imagine it would be hard to find a seat if there is more than 15 people in there.

I recommend that you stop by and try a roll here. It's not something I would spend the money on every day, but now I can scratch it off my list.笑
Located at the Fashion Show Mall, park by Neiman Marcus so you don't have to walk too far.  It's in the front of the mall, outside on the strip and the seating is all outside!   However before you decide not to eat here because it's Vegas and it's too hot to be outside I recommend you check this place out.   It's just a small hut with about 4 tables. Since we wanted to try everything we had the Taste of Main which was 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll, 1/2 shrimp roll, 2 crab claws, pickle, chips and a drink.  Bread was perfectly toasted with a golden brown buttery crust, seafood was chilled, fresh and just so good.   Now the size of the rolls are probably a little more like a 1/3 than 1/2 but they are pretty generous with the amount of seafood in the toast.

If you are really hungry plan on spending some $ or come here for an awesome snack.笑
We had our food delivered to our hotel room. My sandwich was cold, but still tasted amazing. The portion size was pretty small though and I was still hungry after my lobster roll and chips. However, lobster was cooked splendidly and the sauce was a great complement. The roll-to-lobster ratio was proportional, it didn't have too much bread as you find with many sandwiches. Overall I'd go here again if I was looking for something light, not if I was hangry though.笑
Great quality lobster roll for being in the middle of the desert, but WAY TOO SMALL. They should be ashamed of themselves charging what they charge for a lobster roll that is essentially kid-sized. For tips on what a lobster roll should look like, go here:

https://lobsterrollchronicles.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/screen-shot-2012-09-30-at-4-58-08-pm.png

Also: No proper lobster roll has a mound of salt and pepper on top. Please stop doing that. It's sacrilegious. 

Also: Skip the clam chowder. It's crap.笑
As someone who frequented Luke's Lobster locations in NYC while I lived there, I was mildly disappointed in their Las Vegas location.

I just got back from lunch and am thinking to myself, "was this really Luke's?" - Something has been lost in the trip from the east coast to LV, I think.  I went with my usual, the Taste of Maine (because I'm greedy) and, while the service was great, and the seafood seemed fresh, it just... Wasn't as good as back east... I felt the rolls may have benefited from slightly more seasoning, and the rolls did not seem to have the same resistance to soggyness.  Maybe a touch too much mayo? 

I couldn't really put my finger on it, but, I was mildly underwhelmed in comparison.

That's not to say I didn't enjoy my meal - On the contrary, I quite enjoyed it. Since moving from the east coast, Luke's Lobster is one of the fast casual chains that I missed. And it was still enjoyable. Even with the price hike (again, not sure if that's because it had to be transported to Vegas, or, prices have just raised since the last time I was in NYC, or, if it's just a "we're in Vegas now, so, Vegas prices" inflation.)笑
One word - WOW!!  I love this place! Even though it's kind of pricey I definitely think it is worth!! It's the best lobster roll I have ever had! First time I had it was in the Luke's Lobster in NY and I tried getting it at restaurants and at Disneyland and none of them can compare to the lobster rolls at Luke's Lobster!笑
Nothing like the bigger restaurants here, but they definitely can hang. I got the sampler. I love the sauce they put on the bread. Seafood is fresh fresh fresh.笑
Driving down the strip today and saw  Luke's lobster stand outside fashion show mall and remembered that we had gone to the one in Lower Manhattan while in New York in January. This location held up to its name, very satisfied! We had the lobster roll and it did not disappoint. Glad to have located this spot in our home town!笑
Great food. Haven't had good lobster rolls since I was in San Francisco. Will be back again and again.笑
I stopped by Luke's today. I'm from Phoenix spending some time in Vegas on vacation. It was my last day so I gave it a shot. 

First off everyone that works there are super friendly and very helpful. 

I liked the location and design of the building. It's a very small place, maybe that's why I liked it. Once you park in the garage, it's really no problem getting to Luke's, I thought it was gonna be difficult, and it wasn't. 

I thought the lobster roll was excellent. but it's also the first Maine lobster roll I have ever had. But everything worked, the toasted buttered bread. They only put a little mayo on, so you can still taste the lobster. 

I think their prices are fair, it is lobster flown in from Maine, also I think they give you a nice portion of lobster. 

So I would come back next time I'm in Vegas. I like how it's not a big fancy restaurant but you still get to taste some great lobster.笑
Went for a quick bite for lunch.  Seafood is fresh but rather pricey for the amount given.. but hey.. it's Vegas right!笑
If you are looking for a quick, great meal. Stop by Luke's Lobster. 
I had the lobster roll with clam chowder soup...OMG...IT WAS FABULOUS. 
A most stop. It is located outside of the fashion mall笑
They saved my life. I was exhausted from heat and they let me sit inside (they only have 2 chairs) and I got the blueberry soda. It reenergized me. Getting older sucks. I used to walk down and up the strip mid noon when I was 20...now my heart starts to beat fast and I feel like dying.
Their lobster roll hit the spot and I'm not dead yet.笑
This quaint little place is located outside "Fashion Show". I ordered "the taste of Maine" and enjoyed it very much. This place is very expensive, but sometimes you need to pay a little extra for greatness. The service was terrific and the staff checked on me multiple times to make sure I was enjoying my meal笑
Where to find the best lobster roll ever? None other than the Las Vegas Strip. Yes, you read that correctly. Luke's Lobster, where have you been all my life?! Luke's started as a vision of a Maine native and lobster-man, Luke Holden. For those of you not on the East Coast, you're in for a treat because Las Vegas is the only West Coast location. If you are in the area, do not miss this little kiosk. Luke's Lobster is located near the Fashion Show Mall right by Neiman Marcus. It's very easy to miss as it is a small kiosk in between a bunch of other stores and attractions. We took an Uber ride here to avoid any parking issues and there was not much of a line at the kiosk. The guy working the register was super friendly and interactive. He knew about the product and menu and was able to explain how it all goes down. The lobster is top quality and sourced from trusted fisherman. I was ready to try this little hole in the wall and judge it myself. I ordered the one and only thing I came for, the lobster roll.

The lobster roll was delivered to our little patio table in a basket that made my eyes light up. A quarter pound of chilled wild caught lobster in a toasty split top bun with melted lemon butter, mayo, and the secret seasoning. One word, phenomenal. The warm crisp bun topped with a generous portion of buttery creamy lobster blew my taste buds, and mind, away. Talk about a few moments of bliss. That's how long it took me to wolf down this roll, just a few minutes. There is more good news. This amazing, fulfilling, delicious roll that I speak of is only 320 calories. How do they pack so much flavor in 320 calories is beyond me but I would eat it every day if I could. Priced at 17 dollars a sandwich, it is not a cheap meal but you definitely get what you pay for. Add another 5 bucks for a side (either poppy seed slaw or cape cod chips) and a beverage. 

I could've probably eaten two more of these suckers but my wallet wouldn't have been happy. I decided to savor the yummy goodness and come back again another time. It was really a great experience overall. Many people prefer lobster rolls cold. Here, you get the satisfaction of the warm bun while the fresh, chilled sweet lobster sits on top. The service was fantastic from beginning to end. The guy took our order, brought it to our table, and asked how it was when we left. He was enthusiastic about the product which made me feel good about what I was eating. Luke's Lobster needs to make its way on to Los Angeles because it topped my list of lobster rolls. Simple, sweet and delicious. I can't wait to come back.笑
So, I didn't want to be one of those people who spend $18 on a lobster roll, but OMG it is so unbelievably delicious. The warm, buttered toasted texas toast and the cold, huge, giant chunks of real lobster is a perfect mix of everything.笑
Luke's Lobster is this little shack outside of the Fashion Show Mall. Every time I'm around, I try to make a stop to this place. Their crab roll and their clam chowder are super delicious and I love how they serve some really great soda glass bottles. The issue about this place is that it is super overpriced. For two people, you're looking at spending $60 on food only to have to take a stop by a fast food place or something because their portions won't satisfy your hunger. It is a great snack, so my advice, don't come here hungry. However, I still highly recommend trying this place because their food is really good!笑
Saw this on unloktlv on Instagram so one night came to try it. It's outside in a little area in the front of fashion show along Las Vegas Blvd. My husband and I tried the taste of Maine since it came with the 3 different 1/2 rolls. We also got clam chowder and lobster bisque to try. Everything from there service to the food was great. I can't eat too much lobster or I'll get itchy in my face so the 1/2 roll was perfect for me. I enjoyed the shrimp one personally and my husband enjoyed the lobster. I like the claim chowder and how the staff was super nice and explained how the process of them making the food went.笑
The first time I tried Luke's Lobster was in New York and I absolutely loved it! Once I found Luke's on yelp in Vegas I knew I had to go! I was in Vegas for a total of 3 days and I came to Luke's Lobster 2 out of the 3 days.. LOL. The lobster and crab rolls are just soooo good. They are very generous with their meat portions and the meat taste so fresh. This particular location is extremely small, but the quality of the food is still just as good. It is located right in front of the mall entrance. If you're not walking on the strip, I would suggest parking in Macy's lot and walk through the mall to get here! Ugh its so delicious you won't regret it!笑
Ok, so Luke's was everything they promised and more! I had looked up places before we got to Vegas and a lot of times your let down when you actually get the food but here my only complaint was that I didn't get more of it! Me nd my husband got the lobster roll and the lobster grilled cheese. The roll was INCREDIBLE. So yummy, the grilled cheese was also so good but it contained a lot less Lobster! We had a ton of questions and the cashier answered them with ease and a smile on his face! It was super hot so it was a bummer they didn't have an inside but we were told they are putting up misters so that should really help out since it does get pretty hot out there!  I will for sure be back next time we are in town!笑
I first had Luke Lobster in New York and it was by far the best thing I ever had.

I was shopping in Vegas, and happened to walk and see this little hut... I was like what does that say?? Does that say Luke's Lobster or am I dreaming??? And I was definitely not dreaming!! I got really excited and RAN to go get some.

I had super high expectations because I first tried it from NYC and YES!!!! They did not disappoint!! I am truly happy!!!

Their hospitality was beyond belief, I felt like we were family!!

Instead of a 5 hour flight to get to the east coast it's only an hour flight away!! This makes me happy!!笑
Came here by accident, as we just missed the city bus, stop right in front, and glad that we did.  Just outside of that major shopping centre by Wynn.

Not only was the lobster meat deleesh, but the bread that it was served on, so so pillowy soft.  Worth the $15 US lol.  It's kinda like a kiosk, with a private terrace seating off the left.  Back in December, it was a bit windy, so thank goodness for the heat lamps.

I'd recommend this place to any tourist, for something quick & yummy without sitting down at a fancy restaurant.笑
This place has some ofthe freshest seafood u will eat in Las Vegas. Small menu delicious food!!! We r picky and eat out often and can't say enough of how good the food is. Small menu but u won't b disappointed.  The rolls r especially delicious.笑
Okay so I have been starring at their rolls for a while and finally pulled the trigger. I went down Friday evening and surprisingly the only person there. The employees greeted me and I ordered, what happened next was pure bliss. I had the taste of Maine,1/2 shrimp, crab and lobster. It was completely amazing. My mouth was soooo happy with the favors. The lemon butter on top was amazing. I got 2 lobster rolls to go and they were fine when I got home to Hendo. I would highly recommend this place and will be back soon.笑
I walked down the Strip to get to this place.  My walk was somewhat agonizing in that my boots were giving a what for.  I walked.  I continued walking.  Some girl decided to walk  in front of me, She wasn't bad looking.  I walked a bit more.  I had thought she was, by dint of luck, headed here as well.  At the last minute, she diverted.  She exited.  And I was here.  I ordered a shrimp roll, I ordered a lobster roll.  I was at peace.笑
Apparently, I should have had the lobster...had the shrimp po-boy. Shrimp was rubbery, pretty bland, other than butter taste. Service was average. Was super overpriced for an overcooked shrimp sandwich. Average at best on taste, proud on their pricing. Probably won't be back.笑
Good food but the serving size was small and I'm a tiny person. I felt like I still left hungry.笑
Why why why??

Came here famished with friends as soon as we got to Vegas on a Friday night. We were trying to grab something quick near the Encore and Wynn Hotels.

Three of my friends and I only got the chance to try the shrimp roll ($9), but it was so salty and cold. The bread was really good, but I have to say the texture and taste of the shrimp was something we were all not a fan of. The portion size is also not huge so this wouldn't be the place to go if you're trying to feast.

There were also lots of crickets in the seating area, which definitely reduced my appetite. Was not pleased with my experience :( But the food did come out really fast and the workers were quite friendly!笑
Pretty cool place right on the strip! The lobster roll was VERY good and a great staff! Also the cold slaw was awesome as well! They have a little sitting area with about 4-5 tables blocked off from the crowd which is nice! It's located at fashion show facing the strip across from the wynn hotel.. I will for sure be back on my next trip here!笑
WOW! This place has the best lobster rolls hands down. Way better than Lobster ME. The lobster is perfectly cooked and so is the shrimp, I highly recommend the New England clam chowder and the trio sampler of half a roll each, with fillings of crab, lobster, and shrimp. I will definitely be back!!!笑
If I want a good lobster roll, this is where I go. Yeah, it is on the strip, but it is easily accessible from the smelly underground parking at Fashion Show Mall. Park in the red parking and go up the stairs to the outside restaurant area like you were going to Maggianos or RA Sushi. If you stay at street level and walk a little farther South, Luke's is a stand alone shack like place. You order at the counter and there is seating underneath the bistro string lights. Everything is completely outdoors, so be prepared for the weather! 

What I love most is how fresh the seafood is, which is amazing considering we are hundreds of miles from an ocean. Also, seafood is the main focus, without being overwhelmed by sauce. The buttery, soft bread compliments the seafood well. I got the sampler, which are half sized portions of lobster roll, crab roll, and shrimp roll. My favorite was the lobster roll and I would get a full roll of this next time. 

It's pretty pricey, but to be expected on the strip. Kind of nice to sit and watch the pretty lights of the Wynn and Palazzo and random passersby.

*****Yelp 2016 100 Challenge*****
13/100笑
The lobster rolls here were teensy tiny compared to every lobster roll I've ever had (less the ones some East coast McDonald's have) but it was pretty loaded for what is was and the flavors were delicious. 

There's definitely some stuff that could be worked out though...

+ We ordered one lobster roll without mayo because my grandma hates it. Open it up after we'd already left to find seating a quarter mile away at the mall food court and lo and behold... mayo. It wasn't like they were busy either. We were the only customers in there. 

+ Inside the tiny counter shop was one very unenthusiastic guy behind the counter who took our order and the other employee who was sitting in the only chair in the tiny waiting area right in front of the fan on her laptop. The guy behind the counter was emotionless and could not have been more clear in the tone of his voice that he did not want to deal with customer that day. He did give us all the information we wanted, but then he messed up the only extra instruction in our 2-sandwich order and overall gave off an incredibly unwelcoming vibe.

+ The employee sitting in the chair, who I assumed was doing something work related on her laptop, was taking up the only seat in the tiny place and plopped herself right in front of the fan. I thought that plus that she did not look up once to even pretend like she gave a f*ck there were customers there, one of which was an 80-year old woman coming in from the 120-degree day, was pretty bold. Strangers on a public bus are more customer service oriented and willing to give up their seat for a few minutes than that employee. 

+ The price wasn't bad but I was pretty shocked after we left and walked so far to go somewhere to eat with air conditioning and finally opened the boxes to see how small the portions were. We even added on extra lobster tails as a side (recommended) and for being advertised as a meal with an additional add on, it could hardly be considered a meal. 1 sandwich + a lobster tail is a snack at best. 

Knowing what I know now, I would go back and try again if I was already walking by but I'd make sure to order myself two whole lobster rolls for myself if I wanted to feel full. But I do have to give props for serving up the best little lobster roll in the middle of the desert.笑
Incredible lobster rolls in the middle of the desert!

Sustainable seafood direct from Maine in 72 hours.  It's served up by this small Main based chain the simple, authentic way.  Part of Fashion Show Mall (look for the small, circular "shack" fronting LV BLVD).

I know, I know.  Vegas locals feel free to slap me.  But, you'd be missing out if you shun it just because of its location.

Rolls are simple.  Fresh, soft, somewhat dry (a good thing), mayo, butter, well cooked, juicy seafood, and a hit of spices similar to Old Bay.  That's it.  Lobster, lump crab, or shrimp.  Not very large, 7" rolls.  All overstuffed.  If I had to guess, about 1/4lb of seafood in each.  Balanced, not over the top.

The lobster itself, plump, juicy, sweet, tender that only a cold water Maine lobster delivers.  Each roll has a softer claw and generous portions of tail meat.  If you're lucky, a knuckle.  

Wonderfully creamy lobster bisque (a shot of bourbon would make this incredible), excellent New England chowder.  Lots of tender clams and clam flavor.

Finally, don't pass on the seasonal lobster grilled cheese.  OK, so a $13 grilled cheese sounds ridiculous but, buttery toasted white bread, chunks of lobster enrobed in melting, pull apart, gooey Gruyere.  The crab grilled cheese not far behind.  Think of your favorite crab dip turned personal sandwich.  Seriously good on a cool fall day.

Note:  The shack has only a few tables so you may have to take it to go.  Plenty of stairs and walls around.

Prices in line (about $0.50 more than their Maine location).

Well worth venturing outside if shopping the holiday season.笑
I can't express enough how much I absolutely LOVE this place. My second visit and it did not disappoint AT ALL!  That they've lowered their prices since my initial visit 6-7 weeks ago is a plus, too. If I could eat here daily...I would. 

This time around I opted for the lobster roll only and I was stuffed by that alone. 

I've realized the secret to eating here: go during the week after 5pm. The mall is dead & underground parking at Macys/Neimans in the blue section make for an easy peasy in/eat/out experience. (The escalators by Macys/Neimans/Ann Taylor/Bare Minerals is where I'm describing....entering parking garage from Spring Mountain at Macys...park on the right once you enter the garage in Blue section.)笑
I absolutely love this place!
The lobster rolls are amazing, and the staff is extremely friendly.
The rolls are a bit on the smaller side, but they pack a ton of meat in them!
I'd say the prices are fair, considering it is lobster.
Definitely try this little store if you're in Vegas!笑
Wow....did I just paid this much for a lobster sandwich and shrimp roll! Got over it quickly and didn't complain to the staff on duty cause I work on the strip too. I just tell myself you live in a city that gets over 40 million people every year. Anyways, before I over think about price again. Let's get down to the food, overall everything we had was delicious especially the clam chowder soup. It was thick and had descent size clams that paired well with the potatoes and flavor of the soup. Makes me missed San Francisco Fishermen Wharf. The shrimp roll was good and so was the grilled lobster sandwich. Everything was fresh and lived up to the sustainable quality you would expect from higher grade seafood. It's something I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at but for all it's worth the staff on duty was very friendly and accommodating! Plus it's nice to have a bit of a variety of food options at Nevada's largest shopping mall.

2017 Yelp Review #9笑
Yup, very yummy!  Cold lobster on a warm bun on a super freezing day.  Good stuff!笑
I first tried Luke's Lobster in Washington DC, when I was there for a conference. I loved it, and went back nearly every day I was in DC. Today, I'm in Las Vegas, Nevada, and I'm so glad to report that it's just as good as I remembered...even down to the Maine root "Mexicane Cola". I don't live in Vegas, but I travel here more frequently than I travel to DC. You can bet I'll visit Luke's Lobster every time I'm in Vegas.笑
This was my 1st time at Lukes.I was surprised by how small the place was. The person working the counter was really friendly though. I ordered the meal set with chips. I think they should have more side options.The rolls were really good and the bread was soft and had a perfect amount of butter on them.I was a bit disappointed by how small the rolls were though. There is only outside seating,so I had to eat while sweating so that's a negative. Anyways I think next time I will get a full roll,but either than I would probably need two since they are small.笑
This is probably my favorite spot for lobster rolls in Vegas right now. Their lobster bisque wasn't what I was expecting but still good. Wish I was able to make it down more often.笑
It is right outside of the fashion show mall downstairs near the bridge after you walked across the bridge from Wynn. 

Outdoor seating only! The place is very small. The outdoor seating only have 4 tables. I wouldn't sit there on a summer day. 

I ordered the lobster roll combo with a soup and chose Coleslaw over chips. They had two kinds of soup, clam chowder or lobster bisque. I picked clam chowder which I thought was just okay. It had big chunks of clams and it tasted good, but I felt the soup was a little watery for my taste. I would try the lobster bisque next time I am back in town. The Coleslaw comes in a small cup in your tray. The slaw is mustard based which I liked. The lobster roll was very very good! It was better than one of their other chain in New York City. I also went to their original store in New York and thought this place was just as good! I am glad they are able to maintain their quality. The drinks are all available in a fridge where you can pick what you want yourself after you have ordered and paid. 

Service was great, nice and friendly. After I was done, but still drinking my soda, someone came and asked me if I was done and cleaned my tray for me. I thought that was nice because they didn't have to do that.笑
My girlfriend and I were looking for a quick bite after seeing a show at mirage. 
After searching for spots, We came up with Luke's Lobster.

Quick phone call to them and we found out they're about to close soon, so we got into our car and rushed. 

When getting there (15 min before closing time) I found 2 great employees that took the time to answer ALL of my questions, explaining about every dish, and recommending their favorites. 

Overall a very good solid 4 stars experience.

1. Great service! Super friendly staff. Casual and yet professional. 
2. Yummy food! 
3. Quick. 
4. Unfortunately I feel it's a little bit overpriced.笑
They have the freshest lobsters along the strip!! 
It was worth walking over two miles for this bad boy.. 
The staff were awesome too! The lady behind the register was very accommodating, very pleasant and she did not rush me one bit even though they were gonna close in 15mins. The guy making the sandwiches was very nice too. This will be my go-to lobster place every time I'm in Vegas.笑
I came across Luke's Lobster while exploring my lunch options near Encore while on my way into Vegas. I was super stoked and excited to know this was just across the street from my destination. I'm a big fan of lobster but I have never had a lobster roll so really didn't know what to expect. So I arrive at the parking garage and then go try to find a restaurant or so I thought. It was a little confusing even after using the directories in the fashion shops entrances but eventually made my way to the lobster kiosk. Sorry, but that was my first impression when I was standing in front of it about to drop a $20 bill on a 5/6 ounce lobster sandwich. I decided oh what the heck, manned up and ordered my lobster roll. While waiting I found a small little round table in a cubby in the back of the kiosk and waited patiently which didn't take long for my smaller than anticipated lunch. First bite I thought wow this is pretty good. Second bite it was almost like I could taste the freshness and was happy with the overall texture and melody of flavors that were in the sauce. Third bite I was really wishing there was more to this roll than what appeared to be one final bite remaining. Another couple bites and I think it would've been a great value however I am still satisfied but probably won't go back just because to me it was one of those "been there done that" type of establishments so to speak. I gave it four stars because it was very delicious only lacked a star because I was expecting a little bit more of a restaurant style setting for $20 roll (aka half sandwich). Heck just another five minutes walk north you can get the best tacos in Vegas for just over two dollars each.笑
Omg this place is amazing!!!!!! Lobsters are fresh and even their drinks are awesome! I will definitely go back to this place with my friends笑
It's my first time having lobster roll, and I totally fell in love with it! In the first bite, you taste this fresh chunky piece of lobster (and some seawater, yea, that's how fresh it is). Along with it there is some mayo and butter with the toasted bread, which totally takes the lobster roll to a whole new level . The combination is just beyond awesome! You really have to try it yourself.

The only down side is the portion is kind of small. It is slightly longer and thinner the size of my palm. Usually I would be full by eating a salad but I was only half full after I finished.笑
What a nice find across from the Wynn.  We walked over two days in a row; it was that good.  Heather who helped us the first day was very accommodating and prepared a seasonal snow crab roll and Jonah crab roll for us. The other staff are very pleasant too. We didn't try any other items on the menu either day.  What a step up from similar options in LA like Cousin's Maine Lobster and Connie and Ted's (which is beyond subpar). The fact crab is an option over lobster is great as I prefer it.  Highly recommend this spot in Vegas for a well priced and high quality quick bite.笑
If Vegas had to choose one place left to serve lobsters, it would be at Luke's. This is a new place (opened about 3 weeks ago), but not new to New York as it was originated there

Located at a small shop outside of the Fashion Show mall. Good break from all the shopping and gambling inside. They don't have a lot to offer, but with the few choices they have, they ensure you with the greatest quality. The three main stars: lobster, crab and shrimp. It is fresh and they have DIFFERENT ones depending on availability and taste. By that, you know you're getting the good ones. I'd imagine that trying to catch them later in the day would pose a difficulty because it might run out.

I ordered the lobster roll ($18). It was PERFECT. The bread was lightly buttered and toasted. There was hella lobster and it was seasoned just slightly to bring out the full flavor (the lobster itself was already sweet). Never in my life will I want anything less than of Luke's. 

We loved it so much that we decided to buy two more for our family.... to spread the lobster joy.... :) And they loved it, too.

I was too naive to think that Lobster Me was my true love. It's time to leave and run away with Luke's.笑
Following Chad S's review, and being a lover of lobster rolls, this was a must visit.

The lobster roll was great, not cheap by any means, but well worth the cost, the crab roll, hmmm, not so good.

The real star though is the bread, a perfect companion to the lobster meat.

I am now a total fan of Maine Root Blueberry soda, so refreshing.

The only downside, the location, seriously, from a locals point of view, could they have picked a harder place to get to ?

Oh well, let's hope they open up another location somewhere off the strip.笑
We had a great lunch at Luke's today.  My wife is a mid coast Maine native and she agreed that the buns are authentic to New England.  The lobster was plentiful and very tasty.  The small patio area was comfortable  and the staff was super attentive.  Great easy lunch spot.笑
Oh so damn good. This will change your mind of what a lobster roll should taste like! Fresh lobster and perfect seasonings of butter and celery salt. I've eaten at the locations in NYC and the quality is as good as the originals on the east coast. Please bring it to LA!!笑
Honestly I was excited to try it, but $26 for bite size rolls is a rip off!! I ordered the taste of Maine which is described to be  1/2 rolls of shrimp, crab and lobster but when it takes three bites to finish these half rolls it's hard to believe those are  1/2 rolls! And if it fits in the palm of my hand then what did I actually pay for? I'm extremely disappointed in the portion and quality of food I don't know why there are such esteemed reviews when you could go to Red Lobster and get bigger portions, cheddar biscuits and a meal for $30 and be stuffed!笑
I was so excited to hear Luke's Lobster opened. It did not disappoint. I had the lobster roll  combo. They have an amazing blueberry lemonade with honey bottled drink. The lobster cookies are so cute and tasty that I had to bring one back for my co-worker. Staff was so nice and friendly. I'm looking forward to sitting outside when the weather gets warmer.  It will definitely be a go to spot for me to get my lobster roll fix.笑
My boyfriend and I had planned to go to Vegas for my birthday. We were looking up new places to try while we were there and stumbled across Luke's Lobster. It's located on the strip, right outside the Fashion Show Mall below Neiman Marcus. It's a small shop with nice outdoor seating and friendly staff. We decided to order the lobster rolls and took a seat. Our food had finally arrived and I was so excited to eat it! 

There were big chunks of lobster tail and claw meat lightly seasoned with mayo and spices, paired with a toasted bun. The bun was warm and the lobster was chilled. It was light, yet decadent. The seasonings weren't too overpowering and the lobster was very fresh. I will definitely come back for more the next time I'm in Vegas!笑
So expensive but oh so good! Well, what do you expect? It's a lobster roll! 

Pros: for being on the strip I actually found their lobster roll was at a reasonable price of $17

Cons: 
-only outdoor seating. Not great when it's Vegas summer. 
- place is hard to find. I had to call them to find their exact location 

Overall, the lobster roll was pricey with a smaller portion but the roll was packed with lobster meat and so much taste! I'd probably come back here next time I'm craving a lobster roll.笑
Is it 11:00 a.m. yet? How about now? Or now? 

When you start your day figuring out what to do in the a.m. until Luke's finally opens at 11:00, you know their lobster rolls are delicious. The split top roll was buttered and toasted perfection, and the chilled, succulent lobster was bursting with briny perfection. Add a side of Cape Cod potato chips and a Maine Root blueberry soda, and your day just can't get much better. 

The staff here was so friendly and outgoing. Especially Lisa! They absolutely contributed to how much I enjoyed this little shack outside the Fashion Mall.笑
Located in the Fashion Show out front a small little shack that has some tasty eats. Get the classic Maine lobster roll or mix it up trying the rock crab or shrimp as a filling. They have a combo so you can actually get all three and the sandwich is half the size of the regular roll. This place may not be a dinner per say destination but what the serve up is fresh made to order in front of you and the ingredients are top notch. 

It can get a little pricey after all it's Maine lobster. But still it's a great treat when you want to indulge. They serve a cool variety of soft drinks that are brought in from Maine. Very cute place i recommended trying this I don't think you will be disappointed. They close at 9:00 p.m. Dining is outdoor so it can be chilly but the have heaters and they don't mind turning them on for you.笑
It is a shack. The portions are as small the location. The menu is limited. The lobster roll was delicious. Yes it is over priced. But so is everything in Vegas.笑
Wanted to stop by here for lunch with my husband. Finally found it after looking around for 15 mins thinking it was an actual restaurant. To our surprise it was a "stall" with some outdoor seating. We order a crab and lobster sandwiches. They split in 1/2 each for us. It was delicious. I can taste each bite a crab/lobster. It wasn't cheap but it was definitely tasty. The guys running it is super friendly and on "top" of it.笑
Fantastic! You have to go here, everything is perfect and hands down for the lobster rolls. I went here to have my brunch and was really impressed with everything that came out. I ordered Lobster rolls and clam chowder for myself, both were super tasty. This place was just such an amazing experience. I would recommend lobster rolls to everyone to give a try.笑
It was a beautiful day when I decided to drop by. Thank goodness because I can't imagine coming here in the middle of summer. I ended up trying the Taste Of Maine. It was smaller than you'd expect but still had plenty of seafood. The seafood was succulent and done just right. The bun was fluffy, buttery, and toasted to perfection. The crab roll and lobster roll were both good. Didn't care for the shrimp though. The order also came with 2 claws. Again, smaller than you'd expect but still good. 

Service was very friendly as well. They have a small seating area which is great if the weather is nice. Saw a few crickets so may not be suitable if you're afraid of them.