I like the sandwiches here.  The philly steaks and philly chicken is a little low on meat but the others are great.  They cut the deli meats and cheese in front of you and you get a fresh sandwich.

The owner works there and will quickly engage you in conversation.  Unfortunately the topic is whatever is on the tv near the counter.  He talks politics and leaves no question to where he stands.  Customers don't necessarily agree with these but ultimately that shouldn't be an issue and he needs to be more aware of topics.  Other employees are not the friendliest bunch.  One guy that works the counter always kind of tosses by card back to me on the counter instead of handing it to me.  Maybe that is just a pet peeve of mine but it makes me hesitant to go in at times.Ǿ
Hello Jersey Mikes!! I am a frequent customer at the 
Franklin Square Phase III
3754 East Franklin Blvd.
Franklin Square Phase III
Gastonia, NC 28054 
 (704) 823-7827
UNFORTUNATELY I WILL NEVER EVER eat at this restaurant again. I'm a flight attendant and I always buy a #13 Giant sometimes two for the other flight attendant and always request mikes way on the side. Well today the owner was in there and I cringed when I walked in because he wasn't very nice the last time I was there. Usually when I go it's during the middle of the week and he's not there. I walked in and no hello, no welcome to jersey mikes NOTHING. I had already called my order in and walked through the normal line because I was the only one in there. I had my 3 year old with me and he grabbed a bag of KC masterpiece  potato Chips and we stood there. We just stood there. The owner continued to slice onions and said nothing to me. He didn't say "mam we will be right with you" nothing. I was invisible. So a minute or two later he calls back to the employees and lets them know an invisible person is waiting to be cashed out. I checked over on my sandwich and saw that the order was correct, but I would have like more lettuce for the sandwich. I would have PAID for more lettuce had I been given the option too. However that was not extended to me. He went on to tell me that, that was the amount of lettuce for a giant and that I just wanted free lettuce and that I wanted a salad and I wanted more than the sandwich required. I'm standing there listening in disbelief and responded that I could  purchase more lettuce if that was  going to be a problem, and it seemed to me that it was a problem. I told him never mind I could purchase my sandwich at he Charlotte store closer to the airport. He let me know, as he was getting a empty container that Charlotte would not let me get "free" lettuce.  He puts lettuce in the container and drops in on the counter " here you go mam" the container lid pops open because he dropped/through it at th counter. I said you know what keep your sandwich. I let him know that I knew he was the owner and the last time I came in here he was rude except there were other patrons in there. However the last time I was in the line to buy a sandwich, I was the only one that looked like me in the line. I don't ever, ever, ever want to say that I've been mistreated by the color of my skin. But every time the owner is in there he is hateful to me. I've  seen him interact with other patrons that don't look like me.  I refuse in 2017 to be humiliated in front my 3 year old or anybody else because I'm a black woman and you think I want free lettuce. His attitude is VERY rude and he has uncouth customer service!! My experience will be passed along. I will tell everybody I know about my experience. I will make it my life duty to share my experience. I will tell every passenger on my plane about how Jersey Mikes Franchises to people that really want to place a "whites only" sign in there window. I will share my experience to every crew I fly with. Every hotel I sleep in that Jersey Mike's Franklin Square Phase III 3754 East Franklin Blvd. Franklin Square Phase III Gastonia, NC 28054  (704) 823-7827 allows for people to mistreated because I'm black and I want free lettuce.Ǿ
If you want to fill up a teenaged boy this is the place. Lovely owners that try to please   Meat is cut fresh in front of your eyes. Have the sub the way you like it. Big portions. Can have it heated too. Lots of selections. I like the Italian or tuna. Very fresh !Ǿ
I was in the mood for a chicken cheese steak. I'm not big on sandwiches but every now and then I crave a good sub. Was greeted right away by three people behind the counter and ordered my simple plain cheesesteak. Place was clean, sandwich was great and service was nice and fast. Only took about 2-3 minutes and no one yelled my ordered and instead one of the sandwich guys brought it to me from behind the counter. Nice touch. Will be back for sure!Ǿ
The chipotle cheese steak sandwich is awesome! Not to spicy, just the right amount of heat. The food here is great, everything is fresh made to order. The employees are very attentive.Ǿ
If you like sub sandwiches and Fox News blaring on all the televisions, this is the place for you. I took mine to go and it was--as usual--a tasty sandwich. I've had more outgoing/friendly service there in the past, but it was fine this time. The chip selection is better than I recall Subway having, and I prefer Jersey Mike's sandwiches to Subway, but they are more expensive and further away for me. I may return, but not in the near future.Ǿ
Always Fresh and Fast! Philly is hot and fresh and The tuna is alabacore not that Cheap dark tuna at subway and most places!Ǿ
I have been going to Jersey Mikes for quite some time for a #13 or a Tuna. I decided to switch it up a bit the last two times.  I ordered the Steak and Cheese with just pickles.  Well the first time there was a tiny bit of Steak so I figured it was just the person cooking it.  Well the second time it was even less.  Very disappointing.  Sub corral down the street beats them on the steak and cheese by far.