Always good food and if you buy a burrito today and next week they will be the exact same size and quality. The sauces here are friggin amazing be sure to try their spicy guacamole salsa its to die for! As a bonus, there are very beautiful women working there笑
Last tipa del drive thru que USA una camisa amarilla tiene una actitud bien fea incordia noes amable nose El nombre peri tiene unas pestañas postiza  Medio muy mal cervisio笑
The lady (tattoos on her hand) working the drive thru is extremely rude. She was rude taking my order and soon as she gave me my food SLAMS the window. I knocked on the window and told her if she could give me extra salsa since I only got 1, for two burritos. She rolls her eyes. You lost a customer笑
My co worker told me about this place, so I thought I'd check it out.  Menu is very similar to Felibertos and the O's food chain.  Similar prices.  I start to give my order and she interrupts in Spanish.  I answered back and said I don't speak Spanish.  I waited a few, she then starts again in Spanish.  I said, I'm sorry I only speak English.  She responded in Spanish.  Not sure what she said.  She could have been calling me a dumb white girl for all I know, but needless to say, it wasn't going to work out.  So I backed out and went across the street to Federico's, ordered the same food, and they speak English.  While I understand this area is primarily Spanish speaking, they're going to lose business if they don't have a bi-lingual employee taking orders.  Even in my office, we have bi-lingual to accommodate the Spanish speaking clientele.  Won't be going back, obviously.笑
Whenever Em In The mood for a good Burrito...i come here...there's alot of good Mexican Restaurants here in Phoenix..and this one is one of them.笑
The lady with the tattoos is so unfriendly and never smiles or says Thank You!笑
Just stopped in for no other reason than we were hungery. Never heard of this place. Very glad we did. The food was fresh, tasty and well prepared. Very authentic mexican food. Loved the tacos and the quesadillas. Appreciate the choice of sauces and condiments. I enjoyed watching my food being made. I have been back twice since and will continue to stop when in the area.笑
Nom nom nom. Best drinks! The food is great as well especially if you're in need of a late night snack.