Always incredible. Love the Pecan Encrusted Chicken Salad always, but on Sunday Brunch, you must try the Shrimp & Grits or Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast. Most of the staff has been there for years and knows everyone by name!

Always great service & quite fine dining at a reasonable price!  Check out Rippington's & Historic Downtown Waxhaw for a treat you will be sure to remember!

(P.S. Reviewer Tim S. sounds like he has a personal beef & doesn't know how to spell Rea Road. Rippington's has an excellent reputation within our historic community!)Ǿ
Well......it's late Sunday morning in Waxhaw, NC. Brunch at Rippingtons. Good new the pork chop in my Pork and Eggs cooked perfectly! Scrambled eggs were under scrambles......whites separate from the egg and runny. Both entrees were the same, egg wise. The second entree had over cooked sausage, crispy bacon as ordered and home fries deep fried to an inedible crisp! And no toast or biscuits. 

Avoid breakfast food!Ǿ
We came here for brunch one Sunday after trying to get into stacks, but not wanting to wait an hour. Rippingtons is a lovely spot. I tried the stuffed french toast after the recommendation by our friends and it was amazing. The service was great here as well. Absolutely loved this spot and will definitely be coming back!Ǿ
Been here 2x, good food and good service. We went there once before a while back and the waitress remembered what my husband ordered, that alone was quite impressive. Sundays they serve very good mini-muffins. Good place to take the family for a weekend brunch.Ǿ
So about two weeks ago we decided to pop in for lunch. It was about half an hour before lunch service was over. There were three other tables with customers. One had paid, one was waiting on their check and the other had ordered.  A blonde waitress took us to our table and then brought us our menus. After about five minutes we were getting ready to leave when she came back and took out drink order. We asked for sweet tea with lines. She pushed open the door to the kitchen and said I need a lime. A few minutes later she repeated the lime plea. I watched as she answered the phone,  and started scratching her head with her finger nails. Next I watched her go to the waitress station to get our teas and cut the lime. She never washed her hands. I got up and went to the bar where I told the other waitress to forget it, we were leaving. So let's recap: getting ready to shut down lunch service...only two new tables...two wait staff...five minutes to take our drink order... five more and we don't have our drinks or order taken...you're on the phone and digging your nails into your scalp...there are too many choices to have to put up with sort of treatment... As a wait staff individual... CUSTOMERS PUT $$$ IN YOUR POCKET..nuff said!!Ǿ
Friendly service, but food was just okay. I had the shrimp and grits and the grits portion was a lumpy, stuck together mess. I pointed it out to our waitress who agreed that it didn't look good and apologized...  she took the dish, then brought the check and twirled away fast.  No adjustment of the bill...  We didn't make a big deal, but the value of this meal was not there. Doubt we'll be back. Plenty of other restaurants to try...Ǿ
I just went to Rippingtons for the first time in many years and had a great meal. We were there for brunch on Sunday at around 11 am and no wait. 

Pros:

Great ambiance in downtown Waxhaw in a cute historic building.

Food was good.

Reasonable prices.

Cons:

Service was a little lacking in terms of being slow with refills/checking to see if we needed refills, and bringing our check.

Limited menu for brunch. 

But we were pleased  overall and will definitely be going back.Ǿ
Was very disappointed. I presumed the blackened tuna appetizer would be seared, the tuna was cooked well done and it had very little seasoning. My wife and I accepted the well done tuna but we asked for it to be blackened like it was stated, they took it back and brought back the same tuna just cooked even more with no additional spices. The berry vinaigrette had no vinegar, it tasted like it was a berry smoothie over salad. My wife's caesar salad tasted diluted like they added water to the caesar dressing or something. The entrees were absolutely bland, I ordered the chicken saltimbocca and my wife ordered the Parmesan crusted tilapia and it tasted like plain steamed rice. We live in waxhaw and this is convenient to our house but we will not go back or recommend this place to any of our friends. I believe our pallets deserve better.Ǿ
Love this quaint restaurant. Terrific calming atmosphere, service is almost always perfect and the food is very tasty. It's the local place to go if you want something more upscale than. Burger or sandwich.Ǿ
We've been meaning to try Rippington's for several weeks and finally made it tonight to celebrate my husband's birthday with friends.  We absolutely LOVE downtown Waxhaw and Rippington's seems to have the perfect character for this little downtown vibe.

Our waitress (Stacey) was FANTASTIC!  She was attentive, made great suggestions and was very friendly and courteous.  We started with the spinach and artichoke dip which was clearly homemade and awesome.  Stacey also told us that the fried cheese is homemade so it was a tough decision and we'll definitely try the cheese next time!  I had the Tournedos Dijonnaise which is two 4oz filets with a cream sauce, mashed potatoes and veggies.  The mashed potatoes were great and the veggies were great, but the steak was out of bounds good.  Cooked perfectly, and that cream sauce was awesome.  The hubs got the Buttermilk Encrusted Chicken which he loved, and the couple that we were with had the Chicken Picatta and the NY Strip.  Everyone loved their dinner and we had a fantastic time.

We will definitely go back to Rippington's (especially for that fried cheese), and with so many great restaurants popping up in downtown Waxhaw I'd definitely recommend that anyone put this on their list the next time they're in town.Ǿ
My wife and I frequently eat at Rippingtons. The food, service and atmosphere are always top drawer, and tonight was no different. I had the grilled mahi mahi, and my wife had grilled chicken & strawberry salad. Delicious as always. One thing that stood out tonight was the house salad. I don't remember everything that was in it, but the topper was the raspberry vinagrette dressing. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it.Ǿ
From the outside I thought it was a super fancy restaurant but it's a relaxed family restaurant and has a good vibe inside. We haven't had a disappointing meal there but the prices are a bit up there. Service is good but our waitress spent 10 minutes before our bill was to come telling us how the last table stiffed her and how she had worked so hard and it was a huge table so she didn't make much. I hate guilt trips. We've sat at tables and at the bar. The bar is smaller then typical bars. It's not a sports bar type of place.Ǿ
Stopped by today for an impromptu lunch date! It was very, very good. My hubby and I got the specials of Patty Melt and Turkey Melt, and a cup of Chicken Tortilla Sausage soup. The sides of potato salad and fresh fruit were great. We had the opportunity of chatting with the owner. It was fun to hear about when it first opened etc. Tiffany, our waitress was so sweet. I can't wait to come back and try dinner sometime and also the Sunday Brunch. I've heard their Shrimp and Grits are very tasty, so that will be a must to order. We love the old time atmosphere & charm of this restaurant and it's always a pleasure when we dine here.Ǿ
Just stopped in for lunch because Maxwells was busy... A total mistake. Food took an hour  after ordering, but was decent when it finally came out. The food quality is the reason it received two stars. I don't plan on coming back for lunch and now understand why the place was so empty compared to Maxwells.Ǿ
Couldn't get into Maxwell's tonight so we went here. Haven't been in a couple of years, and remembered brunch bring good. Big mistake tonight...my burger was burnt, my husband's encrusted chicken was soggy and his broccoli raw. I gave my burger to the waitress and didn't get anything else. We saw her go tell the manager, but sadly he didn't even come over. Very disappointing. We need good restaurants in Waxhaw and right now Maxwell's has everyone beat and you just can't get in the door!Ǿ
Rippington's is probably the best restaurant in Union County, NC.  The owner, Martin Sexton, always makes sure everything coming out of the kitchen, is always perfect.  I've tried practically everything on the menu and I have never had a bad meal.  I've yet to try the Sunday brunch, but I have put this on my bucket list.  I love the old, but upscale look of the restaurant and although someone mentioned the bar being in the middle of the place, it is not, it's on the right side of the room and is beautiful.  It's perfect for someone wanting to have a nice appetizer and a drink.  I certainly do not think it takes away from the character of the place, for sure.  If I had one place to pick as THE PLACE to take a date or family to impress, it would be Rippington's.  The service is top notch and the food is absolutely delicious.  I can't pick one food as my favorite though.Ǿ
My favorite restaurant in Waxhaw. I've never had a bad meal here. My favorites are the curry chicken salad croissant and the chicken picatta. My husband loves the New Orleans pasta. I especially like the fact that you usually don't have to wait on a table for 45 minutes like some of the other places in town.Ǿ
Really enjoyed this local place. Great atmosphere, good food and a good beer selection. Highly recommend when in town. Enjoyed the Salmon BLT and and Filet. Reasonable pricesǾ
First let me say that this is a good review. 
Now, we have had a short history with Rippington's, we gave this restaurant several tries because the food was good but the service was terrible, we were hoping for a better experience. I am glad we did give it one last try, because we are just leaving having had a lovely evening, EXCELLENT SERVICE and a good meal. If this kind of experience will continue, we will probably make this restaurant one of our "regulars," because it is a quiet place where you can actually enjoy a good meal and hear what your wife is saying. I have had enough of the loud in your face, television centric trend, that most restaurant have adopted today. Sadly, they do have a couple TVs but THANKFULLY, we did not hear them. All we could hear were the other folks enjoying themselves and  quiet, mature music, very much in the background. Refreshing! Waxhaw needs a place like this. I wish them all the best!
We are not old.Ǿ
Tried this place for the first time.  Had gone to provisions for a late breakfast waited for almost an hour and walked out.   So we went down to rippington's  and got great food and quick service.   We got the specials.   I got a Reuben and my fiance got the black and blue burger.  Both were excellent.  Would have given it 5 stars but the place seemed a little dirty and needs to be spruced up a bit.Ǿ
Fantastic food and service. Great atmosphere.Ǿ
Drove from south Charlotte with friends to try Rippington's and explore the Waxhaw shops. Our entrees were mediocre and customer service was below par. We were seated soon after they opened and were the only customers for probably a half hour.  Too many good restaurants in Charlotte.....won't return to Rippington's.Ǿ
To be fair to Rippington's, my friend and I use to eat brunch here on a regular basis (and the occasional lunch and dinner). We really enjoyed their brunch menu, especially the French toast.

However, ever since they put in that awful monstrosity of a bar in the middle of what was a quaint, historic dining area, we have never been back.  Not only did it destroy the character we loved about Rippington's, we couldn't have a conversation because of noise resonating from the bar.

It's a shame that the owners felt they needed alcohol to entice patrons to taste their food.  For us, the ambiance of the original Rippington's was what kept us coming back.Ǿ
You know you've found your local neighborhood go-to spot when not only does everyone know your name (yeah, I quoted "Cheers." Shut up), and they know exactly what you want to eat. Sure, variety is the spice of life, but Rippington's Sunday brunch features a phenomenal french toast plate - an inspired, cinnamon-drenched take on boring ol' FT - that me and the fam order every time. Yeah, even my 5-yr-old daughter, who's as picky as a pint-sized, precocious terrorist can be, loves the french toast. Oh, and their mini blueberry waffles. She could make a whole meal out of those things. I've seen the little scamp steal a few off my plate, and then argue vehemently that I'd had enough muffins for one day. She'll make a fine lawyer someday...yeah, knowing my luck, for a mob boss or a robber-baron scumbag corporation...

ANYWAY...

The waitress that always serves us is a delightful young lady, very quick to refill our coffee and know exactly what we want. Now if I could only remember her name. I'm not kidding. She's probably been waiting on us for about 2 years, and I don't think I've ever asked her name. And if I ever bothered to read the check, I'd find out her name. Kristen, maybe? Linda? Oh, spit, it could be Annie, for all I can recall. Anyway, she's wonderful.

Great atmosphere here, refurbished on the old mart on Main Street in Waxhaw. I'd love to own their aged hardwoods, you know, the ones that seem like they're soaked in mahogany, and aren't that tongue-in-groove variety, but that old school hardwood floor that probably took one poor bastard about 7 months to lay down. 

Recommended, especially for their Sunday brunch. And their french toast. I did mention the french toast, no?Ǿ
Good food, lack luster service. On a slow Tuesday evening we were practically ignored by our waitress when she got another table. Never asked if we'd like dessert, or how our meal was! After 15 minutes I got up to ask for the check!Ǿ
There was an overpowering awful musty mold like smell. The French dip sandwich had gristle in it. I would not recommend this restaurant.Ǿ
I was back at Ripingtons again.  Things seemed to have changed.  The food and service have gone down a notch.  I was a little disappointed.  Not sure if the michgan stuff was there before.  It was out of place in a fine dining restaurant.  I will be back, but it won't be my first choice.Ǿ
Made the mistake of making a trip to Waxhaw during spring festival - parking was horrendous - that aside, we happened on this place just walking up and down the streets.  Opted for French onion soup which was heavenly.  Tilapia sandwich came next with a nice Chardonney ? Chardona?  ok - glass of white wine!  Any who brunch/lunch was very good and wait staff very efficient.Ǿ
If I lived in Waxhaw, this would be my go-to place for brunch. The decor and interior reminds me of a lot of places in Brooklyn. The service is phenomenal and the food was really good. I had the crab benedict, which I've never seen before on a menu. It was tasty and fresh, especially with the tomato. I hope to come back to this place next time I'm in Waxhaw!Ǿ
Food is good, we received our meals in a timely manner, our waitress was nice, and the building was very cool and well maintained. I enjoyed eating here but it didn't necessarily stick out enough to receive 4-5 stars.Ǿ
Meh sums up Rippingtons. I guess for what's immediately available in Waxhaw it would get 3 1/2 stars (max), but do yourself a favor & take the time to drive up Rae Road (or even up 521 into SC.)

I'm more upset with the landlord of the building Ripp's is located in; they had at least 1 other tenant who was interested in one of the spaces where Ripp's is located, but he (she) wouldn't lease to another restaurant as they didn't want to give Ripp's any competition. Nothing's wrong with MORE CHOICE in dining establishments....perhaps it would bring up the level of food/service/etc. up for all businesses if they wanted to attract & retain customers.Ǿ
Ate here for the first time tonight. It was amazing. We will definitely be back. Loved the antique feel in the restaurant between the old hard wood floors and front entrance, the staff was great! And the food was fantastic! I would highly recommend Rippingtons!!!Ǿ
My family and I came here on a Sunday afternoon. The burgers, fish n chips, and French dip were exceptional. Great wait staff and ambience.Ǿ
Excellent food and service! My wife and I were planning to go somewhere else in downtown Waxhaw but it was closed. We had heard about Rippington's but had never been. I got the French Dip with steak fries and thought it tasted great. I'm not a fan of Swiss...little disappointed they didn't have provolone but surprisingly the Swiss was mild and tasted great! The fries were cooked perfect. My wife had the Strawberry salad with Chicken and loved it! She said the chicken had great flavor and was cooked perfectly. We highly recommend Rippingtons and will return soon!Ǿ
Great service. Amazing food. Had the wood grilled salmon salad. Best salmon I have ever eaten. Will return.Ǿ
Good food and service. Owner refused to honor a $10 off Foursquare check-in special. Really? We spent over $125. A bit off putting.Ǿ
Rippington's is a nice place for basic American fare. The interior is fantastic; spacious, loft-like, very clean, comfortable, and in a perfectly preserved vintage space. Waitstaff are a bit busy for my taste...I would have liked more attentiveness, but this all depends on when you go. We went during dinner rush on a busy holiday, so, it was to be expected. Nice beer selection, especially the local brews. Fair prices. The seared tuna was good, but I was hoping for it to be more rare on the inside. We really liked the fried green tomatoes with bacon pimento cheese - so good! I would also recommend the tortilla encrusted chicken. It was juicy, had a delicious crust, and the lime chipotle sauce w/ fresh shredded cabbage totally hit the spot. I would certainly dine here again. Seems like a place that would have really good burgers.Ǿ
Great spot! Wonderful food! The ice cream pie is a must and you will want to share. Everything is great here. Bonnie is your ultimate server. She has been with the restaurant 17 years. Fast, knowledgable and a real sweetheart. There is usually some Sinatra playing. Martin, the owner is a native of the Big Apple.Ǿ
Went to eat Sunday brunch at Rippington's.   While we love the quaint atmosphere of Waxhaw -- the  brunch was mediocre.  There was only 4 tables being used.  The waitrss informed us that the "fryer" had been broken for several days and therefore the famous french toast was not available.  She also said customers had left when told the fryer was broken.  I ordered the crapes and asked for the sauce on the side or go very "light" on the sauce.  The crapes were stuffed and topped with a cup of heavy cream sauce.  We were there 45 minutes before our food arrived.  We will try Rippington's again but not for brunch.  If the restaurant is not well attended we will try another restaurant.  Large crowds usually indicate a popular setting.    DisappointedǾ
A very nice place in the heart of "The Haw".  Food was good and prepared to spex.  Service was cordial and timely.  Place was quite loud and it was difficult to hear either the server or each other.Ǿ
We had such great hopes. Cute place, friendly but unorganized staff, and food was low quality. Prices were high considering its Waxhaw, and really is still a country diner type place. Burgers were low grade meat, and my daughters kids meal burger was a hockey puck. On the positive my pork sandwich was average at best. If in town just stroll down the block to maxwells for a great meal.Ǿ
I love Rippingtons lunch menu... Curry Chicken salad on a croissant.. Or the Buffalo Chicken wrap are both great choices! Ask for Mrs. Kay she is the sweetest lady I know.Ǿ
Delicious, people!!  Rippington's is quite a charming restaurant in downtown Waxhaw, NC.  The food is incredible.  Rippington's is in a 100-year-old building which used to be, back in the day, a livery stable or a feed & hardware store.  Much of that seems to still be here, from looking at the front door, hardwood floors and high ceiling. 

You'll have a hard time choosing dinner due to the incredible menu, but I'll tell you that Maryland has met its match on the crab cakes.  Surf 'n' Turf is one of my favorites.  Rippington's Pasta and the grilled salmon are also very tasty. The fried mushrooms are a good appetizer.  Warning on the desserts: they are big enough for at least two people. 

Rippington's is easily accessible if you live in the Charlotte area, and is a great stop if you want to spend some time exploring historic downtown Waxhaw.Ǿ
Have to say barely OK, rather than A-OK.  Disappointing in a number of ways.  This was a dinner occasion with dinner menu and a couple of specials offered.

Menu selection was sparse.  Yes, meat, fowl & fish, sandwiches, salads and appetizers, but very few in each category.  Thought it was an Italian place, but is listed as category American, so maybe that is part of the confusion as there do not appear to be entrees weighted either way.

Nice clean, open atmosphere and plenty of tables.  Service was just fine and Carolina friendly, with pretense.  Nice looking bar but this is a wine an beer place only.

Prices not out-of-bounds and an OK wine list.

Tried their ham and white bean soup which was fantastic.  Almost like bean chowder it was thick, rich and hardy.  A perfect meal or lunch on a cold damp winter day, coupled with their very good bread.  Beans, green beans, carrots, lots of ham and certainly onion and some other goodies, so it was like homemade.

Salad dressings are mostly made in-house, at least the ranch, bleu cheese and a few unusual vinaigrettes.  Salad sizes were OK, but not huge.  Could be shared, but not enough for a full meal.

Chicken piccata was OK.  Served with Halloween-orange rice was off-putting, as plain white rice or wild rice would have been better.  All the better to sop up the nice  lemon caper sauce.  Breasts themselves were not flattened, but somewhere in between a regular breast and flattened.  Looked like thin chicken fingers.  Veggies were the standard summer squash, zucchini, carrot combo and it was sauteed so that there was a bit of char and carmel on them. 

Compared with Trattoria Antica and Mama Lena's in Waxhaw,  Rippingtons comes in a distant third.

But it is worth another visit to try their onion soup and a couple of other entrees.Ǿ
My friend and I stopped in for lunch and we had a lovely time. I had the turkey and brie sandwich, with cranberries and sliced almonds, which was  very well done and very tasty. I can't quite remember what my friend had now but I know she enjoyed her Chardonnay wine! The service was pleasant and right on time. Highly recommend!Ǿ
Fair but just a local joint with nothing special. Steak was ok but the fish was overcooked. The place is really nice, even better than a few years ago it was nice too.  

And the wait staff was friendly. The owner was a bit stodgy. Gushing over some regulars that sat next to us and not even acknowledging we graced his pathetic restaurant. Maaaaybe that's a little bitter.  Not much of a beer selection. 

And the draft was in 12oz glasses. All of them, not just the hi-gravs. Wine was ok. It will do if Maxwells or Trattoria are slammed.Ǿ
Good restaurant and always enjoyed until today. I have known the owner for over 20 years from a previous restaurant he owned called the New Market Grill. Martin the owner always treats us great and we were weekly customers. Today on a Monday at lunch my wife and I walked in and the seating hostess tried to seat us at a table way in the back with a terrible view. I didn't want to sit there and asked our normal waitress for a better table for two. She said no problem sit at your normal table and I said thanks. We ordered wine by the glass and my usual crab cakes and fries with tobacco sauce. Everything was great and the seating waitress who originally sat us at the bad table brought our lunch. I always ask for a small plate when I eat so I asked her for a small plate. Fifteen minutes later I was still waiting for the plate. My food was getting cold so I got up and went to the waitress station and asked that same seating waitress for the plate and she responded " I HAVE OTHER TABLES TO WAIT ON SO YOU WILL JUST HAVE TO WAIT" I said you already served my food and I need a plate to eat my food is getting cold. She said " YOUR NOT THE ONLY CUSTOMER IN THIS RESTAURANT" I was shocked and went back to my table with no plate. Finally the original waitress brings my a small plate to eat and I asked her what is the problem? She says she is having a bad day with her son. I said fine and she said Martin knows about it. So Martin comes out serving some other tables near us and doesn't even say hi or look at us. My tab for lunch was $60.00 with wine and I am usually a generous tipper. Today I said to my wife let's pay and go. I will not be treated like this in a restaurant that has made so much money on me for years.....Don't goǾ
Stopped in because there are very few restaurants to choose from in waxhaw. The staff was fantastic, quick, food was prepared quickly and it was the best garlic bread I've ever had. 
    My husband loved his sandwich and I loved the chicken pesto/pasta special. My son gobbled down his entire cheeseburger. I only wish the kids menu had healthier options like veggies or fruit instead of fries etc. I also thought the booth tables were hard to eat off of because they were tall and I'm not short! If you are an adult under 5'9 you would need a booster seat. I also had a hard time getting inside with my baby carrier and the big antique doors that wouldn't open. 
       Other than that I'm giving 5 stars for the tasty food and friendly staff.Ǿ
Rippingtons is a classic down home style restaurant right on Main Street in Waxhaw, NC serving outrageously good food.  Their burgers are to die for!  Can't decide which one?  Go for the Breakfast Burger with the fried egg on top! Perfect any time of the day.  I had the Grilled Chicken and Peaches Salad, which was out of this world.  I had never seen peaches grilled before, but they were  delicious.  Slightly carmelized with their juice enhancing the taste of the dressing.  Can't wait to get home and try grilling some peaches to put on top of pork chops.   Although everyone raves about their crab cakes, we were a bit underwhelmed.  Perhaps it is because we are used to, authentic Maryland  crab cakes, but more likely it was because they were served on a bun that dwarfed the crab cake.  As a result, you overlooked the taste--which was quite good--and felt like you were missing half of the cake.  Overall, however, a delicious meal for our party.  We'll be back!