I bought this disgusting ass pizza today and it gave me a stomach ache.  Plus, my mom said she found a hair in it.  I won't be going there any longer.  GO THERE AT YOUR OWN HEALTH RISK.Ǿ
This place is great, pizza is made fresh and is so gooooood! Prices are even better!Ǿ
We love this place!  Great food, hot and the orders are filled correctly. The customer service is sketchy sometimes, but I believe that is due to the language barrier and not rudeness.Ǿ
I've gotten food from here before and it is mediocre. I placed a delivery order online and apparently this location doesn't deliver to where i was located anymore. I called after about an hour and ask about my order, a male voice said "we don't have any choppers to deliver that far and laughed" i laughed and then he said he could transfer my order to a closer location and i said no thanks i would just like a refund and was promptly hung up on. I called back and he didn't say anything besides "tell me your card number since you aren't cooperating" I gave him my card number and he told me it should take 2-3 business days and i told him he shouldn't be rude and he hung up on me again haha. Plz don't bother with this mediocre establishment and don't even bother trying to get any customer serviceǾ
This is a great pizza. Their Chicago Pizza is excellent. Their customer service is great and you won't find a pizza like their's anywhere else in Vegas.Ǿ
Let me start off by saying this is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. 

This place is utter garbage. I ordered a pizza online to be delivered and waited about an hour and a half until I decided to call and check the status on the order. The person on the other line could not communicate properly seems like English was her umpteenth language. 
At this point all I wanted was my money to be returned. The woman on the other line then hung up on me. I called again and asked for a manager and was immediately hung up. I called a third time and this time a different person answered and could hear the same female voice in the background asking who it was and then a mutter followed by another click.
At this point I was pretty ticked off but decided to call back to be assured my money was paid back. The lady read back the card number I used asked for the expiration date quickly hung up without letting me get a proper word in.
I needed proof of this refund so I decided to go to the shop. Some old guy with an attitude comes out after I ask the person at the front for a manager. The old man says there is no manager here what do you want.. dumbfounded by this i ask for who ever was in charge and the man says I am the owner... I think to myself this must be some sort of joke.. I recognized his voice as one of the people who hung up on me and even called him out on it, his response, "I possibly hung up on you, you asked for a manager, there is no manager here so I hung up." Completely blown away by this I demanded my money back and after arguing for 5 minutes a lady came up and handed me a refund slip...
I would not suggest this establishment to anyone. Not even my worst enemies.
Complete garbage.Ǿ
A friend lives and works nearby and orders regularly. I've stopped by a few times to pick up instead - but have never seen anyone eating in the restaurant itself. Pizza is always what's ordered, and it's really quite good - as long as you know how to order it. 

They have a 5.99 extra large cheese pizza special - for pick up only. When ordering on the phone make sure to tell them you're picking up for a regular customer, as they tend to skimp on the sauce and cheese if that's all you're ordering. Sometimes I go in and wait while they make it - and then it's the best bargain, super cheesy and balanced perfectly with the sauce! 

Crust type is your choice - I don't usually eat the crust, I eat theirs because it's so tasty. You can have thin or Chicago deep - any type of crust you like, all are hand tossed, and the pizzas are up to a true 16 inches, perfect for a group of people - which is usually what we do when a group of friends are getting together. 

Pizza specials give great value, for example: two 16" pizzas with 4 toppings each are only $22.50. Compared to Pizza Hut: 2 "Large" pizzas with 4 toppings each are $28. 'Nuff said.

They do deliver, and offer other food, chicken, burgers, salads and the like, I've seen the burgers and they look ok, and ordered the 1/2 chicken once - it was way too dry. I also understand they have more locations around Vegas, but this is the only one I've ordered from.Ǿ
Very rude... I called to ask a simple question. I asked the man on the phone, if he was the owner. His response was, "If you're not ordering food, I don't have time for you." Then hung up.Ǿ
Best pizza ever hands down!! I've been coming here for pizza for over 5 years now and not once has it been bad. It taste just as amazing every time. If you're near it and want a really good slice of pizza I highly recommend this place! Plus it's hella cheap and they have more than just pizza.Ǿ
I've been ordering from sofias for 2 years now. I never had any issues with all of my orders. I always get pizza and chicken fingers. They always come out great and never burnt or over cooked. You can tell the dough is made fresh and that's why I don't like ordering from anyone else. The prices are very reasonable and fair.Ǿ
I came here over the years.
90s-00s Pizza was super greasy and toppings would slide off when grabbing a slice of pizza.
10s-present
I'm not sure if there is a new owner or not but one night I came here with some friends and their kids. We wanted some pizza and only pizza. The moment we walked in and not a second later we were told, "Oh there's no more chicken, we just ran out." We are all black. I was like, "WTF?! No hello? He thinks because we're all black that we just want f@ckin chicken?" My friend then told the man that we came there for pizza and calmed me down. The guy realized that he upset me and apologized many times. I guess they were expanding and had a large dining area. It was cold out and no one else was there. They told us the pizza was going to be awhile but they let us in the dining area, put on a movie for my friends children and let them run around and play. They also allowed us to smoke in the dining area since no one else was there and I think it was part of the apology. Don't assume to know what a customer may want based on stereotypes.