Meh. I'll start by saying it's been a while since I've been to one of these and I will probably come back again just cause their lunch deals are so enticing, but make sure you pick a good one. Our server was outstanding and I didn't mind the new digital menus but the overall experience lacked the rustic charm. The breadstick sandwiches don't look anything like the picture and all the soups lacked the charm that I remembered. Salad was great but I could have sworn they had Caesar back in the day. Must be signs of aging.... We ordered the chicken picatta which was the star but doesn't come with pasta and was around $17. The bolognese was small but filling for a girl my size.笑
Excellent service, excellent food. A truly great experience! The children enjoyed the experience, server really did a great job!!!!笑
So I've given this Olive Garden two chances, both times my experience was sub par. 
Tonight, I ordered via their "curbside pickup." It's just like Applebee's car side to go - they bring the to go food out to you. I was told my order would be ready at 6, by 6:15 no one had come out to the car so I just went inside. Apparently they were getting a rather large to-go order together, but still 15 minutes outside waiting seems long. 
All of the food was good, aside from the bread sticks. For some particular reason this specific location has the nastiest bread sticks. Other locations I've been to in CA don't have that stale, microwave taste, with hard ends; however, this location has had stale bread sticks both times I've been here. 
The servers were nice, but seemed overwhelmed and under-trained. This is the fault of management for setting their servers up for failure! They were so behind and I felt badly for them. 
Overall, the food is inconsistent, but the servers are nice.笑
We were seated immediately. Server was knowledgable and pointed out the menu's newest items. It's hard to pass up the soup and salad...so that is what we ordered. Soup was delicious and salad was fresh and crisp.笑
A nice restaurant. Waitress was great. Food was good. A mistake was made on my mom's order but was fixed right away. A very pleasant experience.笑
Favorite Olive Garden location, I have never had a bad server here or a bad experience they are very consistent. I signed up to receive emails, rewards, and coupons and it was totally worth it!笑
Our First experience with utilizing the "Carside To Go" service. Initial telephone call was great, the young lady on the phone was clear and I didn't feel like I was having to yell into the phone to be heard. They must be using some background noise canceling headset or something, okay now onto the pick up and food quality.

The pick-up took much longer than expected I waited 8 minutes just to have someone walk out and greet me. If this portion was faster 5 stars would have been given.

The food was hot as to be expected and they provided plenty of utensils for us to enjoy our meal with.


Overall a good experience, I would recommend you trying this if your not wanting to venture inside on a particular evening.笑
This location is new. The food was ok. Very busy and loud. Hopefully once its not so new these things will get better. Couldn't hear the person next to you. But other then then it was Olive Garden with good salads and good meals.笑
I went here for the first time ever in my life. Olive Garden is nasty and a disgrace to Italian food. I honestly don't understand how this place is always so packed? Corporate chain I guess. The food is bland, way too salty, and not appetizing at all. 

Another corporate chain fail. Yuck.笑
I went to this Olive Garden last week and my food took forever. When I finally received it, it was wrong and cold not to mention the service was horrible. So tonight I decided to pick up an order, I just called and was told my order wouldn't be ready for two hours, 9:30pm. It doesn't take 2 hours to cook one order of pasta!!! Last Chance!!! Avoid this place!!! Horrible Service!!!笑
They were 15 minutes shy of closing for the night, but were willing to take my mom and I in to sit down and have dinner, so props to them. My mom and I split the seafood giant manicotti since we weren't too hungry, and despite sharing, were still able to get our own soups. We ordered the potato soup which was a creamy soup with potatoes, kale, and imitation crab. Never thought of putting kale in my soup before, but this soup was a pleasant first. Going back to our order of the seafood giant manicotti, it was a not-bad meal. Be warned though, they will ask if you want cheese on top of your dish, and if you love cheese but don't love love it, put only a small layer since the pasta is stuffed with rich, creamy cheese. The sauce was also quite creamy so it was a little overwhelming. 

The waiter was really nice, though, and was quick to get our orders and constantly checked up on us. He convinced my mom to order their mango martini, which was so good, you couldn't taste any alcohol in it (how my mom and I like our drinks). Good Olive Garden location!笑
One of my son's favorite places and we love this Location. We've always gotten great service here.笑
Great food and great service! Tom, our waiter, was outstanding he was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. We sat in the bar area and had a great evening.笑
Your usual Olive Garden Italian dinner, but good decent service. 

Had the chicken scampi. It promised a creamy garlic sauce. It was good, but when I think garlic I think GARLIC. I have been spoiled by eating at smaller Italian places that don't hold back on the garlic I guess. Like I said though, it was good. 

This would be a good safe place to bring your family and friends. Just don't plan on being impressed by the food.笑
I came here today 9/21 with my cousin and her daughter to catch up and have some lunch. Our server's name was Ray. He was very nice but kind of forgetful . 
My cousin ordered a strawberry passion fruit lemonade , and a shrimp scampi special order (must try!). Her daughter had Mac n cheese with a side of fries , and I had a peach Bellini with seafood Alfredo . I also asked Ray if he could bring us zucchini frittata as an appetizer . He said that was a great choice since it is the last day for it. 

When our meals got to the table by another server, pretty quickly I might add, there was a few things that were off. 

My cousins' lemonade was a sprite, she had asked for grilled shrimp and got fried shrimps instead and Ray came up and told me he had forgot to add my appetizer and If I still wanted it. I said no.

Overall, it was an okay experience . I really liked that Ray was friendly but I would've liked to really try those fried zucchinis !笑
After reading some of the reviews it seems  a majority of the gripes involve the staff. 
With this in mind I had a low expectation of the service my wife and I would receive. I arrived earlier than my wife and as soon as I walked in the host greeted me with an eccentric "Welcome!" And then a random comment that I didn't quite hear. He was friendly as was the girl behind the check-in booth. It was a Thursday night and there was no wait (other than my own personal wait for my wife). 
Service was fast, our waitress was not friendly but not rude either. Our food came out very quick. So quick that I was sitting with an entree and basically a full soup bowl. That's not a worthy gripe in my opinion just something to note. The capellini I ordered was decent, nothing too special. 
The one thing I did notice and wanted to mention is their prices on their menu are not what they charge. Every item on our receipt was just a little more expensive than what is presented on the menu. The capellini on the menu is 11.50 but our check said 11.99, the dipping sauce 3.75, charged 3.79, etc... Not a huge deal, and not even big enough for me to say anything but either their menu is outdated (which is unlikely since they just opened this location) or The OG has figured out a clever way of sneaking in a few extra dollars per ticket. Too subtle to really notice or even complain about. I don't know, you be the judge. 
Overall, decent experience.笑
For them jus opening up I expect for them to be busy. I didn't have to wait to long. But the thing that disappointed me was that cut back on the plate size. I figured that they probably was doing that cause maybe they had limited supply and  wanted to make sure they were able to feed everybody. I don't know, but that kinda disappointed me. Cause I been 2 several locations and this is the first. Overall the food was still great, but i just hope they go back to their regular portion sizes. Like getting a bowl of Gnocci soup with no chicken or dumplings lol Really!笑
I went and picked up lunch today, a choose your own pasta with accompanying bread sticks and a salad. Something I've done before. Got all the way back to work to I paid over $3 for 4 slim pieces of chicken and nearly no sauce... just a container of angel hair. A $16 lunch that I could have gone to Carrabas for.  Disappointing I was sooo looking forward to it  :(笑
Still trying to get it right... Went there last Saturday night and of course it was busy.  However the service was fine except our server was in the weeds, an older gentleman and seemed he could only focus on one task at a time.  My main concern was the food. That being said, the salad and soup were their usual hits, it's pretty hard to mess up this restaurants franchise staples and were to our expectation. However our main entree course's were not up to par. I had the seafood mare which was a large dish but the pasta was over cooked and the sauces were quite bland, the lobster ravioli was dried up and the sauce was too hot, ( it was breaking up and separating, butter and cream.) My girlfriend had the eggplant parm and that was overcooked and dried out.  Our server upsold me a Italian margarita that had armaretto shot served with it and it was quite horrible to say the least.  I think this place has to work on their food more before I would feel comfortable coming back.  Also had our payment on the table for over 20 minutes before our server brought the check and then he hovered at the table while we signed the credit card slip which I am not a big fan of.笑
Came in for a double date and had a great time! When we arrived the parking lot looked pretty busy so I was a little nervous about the wait but to my delight when I walked in and told them how many was in my party we were seated right away!! Our waiter (Brant I believe) was very attentive and polite.  I had a few questions which he didn't mind answering at all and helped me pick out a very tasty wine to go with my chicken and shrimp carbonara. Overall we had an amazing time and will definitely be coming back to this location!!!!笑
Came here around 3 in the afternoon, had a party of 2 and a small child which was sleeping. Our waiter was Semir, and i must say i was highly satisfied wwith his service, and work ethic. I have been to this olive garden a couple of times but never had service like this.

In the middle of our late lunch we needed a little more cheese for our salad and we stopped Austin since Semir was a little busy with other guests. Austin had a great attitude. He never told me he would tell my waiter. He just did it because he saw our waiter was busy and he wasn't as busy. Overall the only reasons it wasnt 5 stars is because we saw atleast 6 empty booths when we got there but still had a 10 min wait. Best servers at this location to date.笑
My brother and I came here for dinner about 5 days after they initially opened  and everything seemed fine until suddenly he stops eating and moves his plate away from him.  It wasn't he explained that there was something on his plate that he thought did not belong in his salad that I took the plate and looked at it.  Lo and behold there was a dead fly on the remainder of his salad.  Obviously I was not happy about this and called for management.  They had comped our meals and was apologetic which was fine, we weren't going to make a big deal out of it or make a scene, however, we left with an uneasy feeling and hoped that the next time would be better than that visit.


We jump to today as we decided to give it another go as we wanted to celebrate a family event and the Cheyenne location was too far away from our residence.  We should have just gone the extra distance!  While the food did not contain any unwanted critters or "special surprises," the service itself was displeasing.  Drinks were forgotten, drinks came too late, our entrees came about 45min after we had finished our appetizers, no refills were offered, and how many times could the other people working there possibly ask OUR server to come back to the table for us to get To-Go containers, our dessert orders, and the check?!  It was totally ludicrous! 

I love going to Olive Garden.. We enjoy going there to celebrate events or just because.... However, we will surely pass on going to this specific location for the time being.  Perhaps they need to re-evaluate their staffing or management for that matter.笑
I usually don't Yelp about restaurants, but my experience last week was inexcusable.  I ordered pasta with Alfredo and chicken (extra cost $4.59.).  I had three tiny strips of chicken the size of my ring finger.  Really for $4.59 extra I should have had a plate full.  The ratio of pasta to chicken was ridiculous. The manger said I could order more chicken (since I paid the additional $4.59 I could have all the chicken I wanted).  That's your answer?  Very disappointing.  Won't be going back any time soon.笑
Well we finally got an olive garden in the North West but it's far from a nice restaurant. I ate here with 6 people for a meeting, we were told the wait would be 30-40 minutes on a Sunday night around 8:30 PM.  We ended up waiting more like 55 minutes to an hour. Not that big of a deal, we sat down and a couple people didn't end up eating because we had further plans not a big deal because four out of the six people ended up ordering entrees. Although if you asked our waitress, taya I believe her name was. This was a big deal, and enough to get an eye roll. Food came out fine, no complaints about that (although really, personally I can't eat over processed food advertised as Italian) The biggest complaint though was that EVERYONE at our table was charged not only gratuity, but we were also charged as if everyone had a portion of salad. This wasn't the case, we didn't have time to wait for our waitress to fix the mistake (she was missing every time something was needed.) we ended up coughing up the difference.  I definitely won't be back to this olive garden.笑
Brought family from europe to try italian food in olive garden and they wete impressed with the food and atmosphere of the restaurant笑
About a month ago we went to Olive Garden. When our food arrived we both had barely cooked chicken. It was raw inside. The manager apologised and gave us a gift card for a future use. I decided not to leave a review based on one experience. Always great service and food prior to the one bad experience. 
Last night we decided to try again. Great waiter Jay. Food was great and fully cooked.  We even tried the house wine. Experience was way better than last time. As always the bread sticks were the best part. Love them with Alfredo sauce!笑
Not the best Olive Garden. I prefer the one in Henderson. The lady ordered a virgin daiquiri and it had liquor in it. It was the first time she ever tasted liquor in her life. One of the waiters had an attitude. After tonight I think women are more suited to be restaurant servers. Food was just OK not very hot.笑
I ordered the lunch special with unlimited salad, bread sticks, and Spaghetti with Marinara Sauce for the main course. The salad was nice and fresh but the dressing was a little strong with the vinegar. The bread sticks were the best part of the meal as they were nice warm and freshly made. If you eat too many of them you won't have room for your main course. 

The Spaghetti was disappointing. Both the pasta and marinara sauce tasted somewhat flavorless. I doubt they put any salt or other seasoning in the water when they boil the pasta, but they need too. The marinara sauce was down right watery. Take a look of the pic I took of the spaghetti and it is so watery it makes you wonder if it was suppose to be minestrone soup!

The restaurant staff were friendly and attentive so I bumped up the rating to 3 stars. Olive Garden is known as an inexpensive restaurant so you really can't complain too much as you get what you pay for.笑
I won't say names, but to start off by saying our server was bad. Horrible service. He said he would be back in 2mins to take our order and kept pushing us off twice when we were ready to order. Took him 25mins to come back to our table and he acted like we hadn't been waiting for him. Food was ok, he asked me if he could bring me another drink I said sure by that time we had got the check and it was too late and we got charged for it. So I had to say something to him about it. And I saw my drink had been sitting at the bar. I know it's busy and all but he needs some more training on multitasking. People who got seated after us got their food way ahead of us and left before we got our meal, that speaks volumes. Its all about service. His whole presence wasn't good. Overall go to another location for better service, one on Cheyenne is great and same thing with the one by red rock casino.笑
On 4th of July, my fiancé and I decided to have dinner here. I don't always have good service at Olive Garden (depending on location) but this time was different! Our server Colin M was wonderful!! Very young and sweet. He definitely had fun with us during our dine in. Times like that is why we go back!! We made 2 orders and both times were extremely timely. Our parents were happy with their dinner at home as well. Thank you Colin M for the PERFECT service!! :) We will request you next time we dine.笑
I had a terrible experience here and given the little time I spent inside, I will keep this review short and sweet.  What makes this visit so frustrating to me is that I was ignored.  I walked in seeing that the restaurant was busy on a Saturday afternoon.  I was seated quickly in what seemed to be the busiest part of the restaurant with two large parties around me.  I saw server after server brigning salad, bread sticks and sauce to all of the tables while all walked past me without so much as a look.  Then I saw a family come in, get seated, and have their drink orders taken right away.  Meanwhile I have been in here for nearly 10 minutes and I have not seen a server or anybody for that matter who would take my drink order.  That is when I stormed out and told the host up front that I had not even been acknowledged.  He asked if I would like to speak to a manager but I chose not to.  I just wanted to leave.  I went to a different Olive Garden and received superb service there.  Not to mention a good meal.笑
The manager here was great...our server, Kimberly, was wonderful and we had another server, Rodolfo, checking on us regularly as well. It was the fasted and best service I've gotten anywhere in a very long time. I will definitely be back!!!笑
I love the food at Olive Garden, although the service can be a bit slow at times. I am really glad that an Olive Garden restaurant is located near my house which makes it quite convenient.笑
I give this place 2 because the price is just way too high for the quality you get. Their portions have gotten smaller and the price keeps getting higher.

I know it's a corporation and nothing is freshly made but at least don't dry out the dishes. 

I've never worked for this corporation but I'd like to know the wait time each table should expect once sat down. This is the second time it took almost 10 mins till a server approached our table for a greeting. 

The biggest issue I have is when our server brought out our sangria, both glasses still had lip stick marks on the rim. 

It's nice to receive salad with every entree but our lettuce wasn't even green! Come on location. A little attention to your detail would be nice.笑
Ate here the other night only because it was chosen by others in party. Overpriced for the quality. Had to asked for more salad as we were a large party. Server kept pushing dipping sauces on us - at $4.00 each. My food was overcooked and had to be sent back. Wouldn't be my choice.笑
No time management for the servers. Regardless if you're busy or not you should at least communicate the inconvenience to the customers in a timely manner. Not very fond of this location.笑
Alright, grand opening day for this Olive Garden location. Not so much a review as it is feedback/constructive criticism for management- 

Upon entering there was a wait, my name was taken and given a wait time: accurate estimate of 5-10 minutes. The hostesses could be more professional and more friendly- first and last impression of the restaurant and that should be taken into consideration by them- more smiles, eye contact are necessary as guests can appreciate that more and are more patient when the staff are warm, friendly, and sincere; speaking of sincere, the hosts attitude and voices are forced and far from meaning what they say (such as "thank you" or "I'm so sorry") being a host and previous assistant manager of a restaurant myself- the small details are what are pertinent. Mirror the personality of your guests to create a bond and interaction. The host that led me to my seat was more friendly and personable, smiling and explaining who my server would be, did not leave with a parting comment like "enjoy" or "thank you".  Also this is a casual fine dining atmosphere, slang and lack of professionalism should be no where near here. No one wants to hear "ok, YOU GUYS, you're table is done and good to go. Follow her back that wayyyy." It's not "do you want/if you want" : much more proper to say "would you like/if you would like to". Or looking for a party by shouting out their last name through three sections of the restaurant "BAXTER! BAXTER! BAXTER?! BAXTER?!" Then coming back in saying "nope, gone." It is in better interest to write a description of the party (if in the event the beepers run out, which I'm sure was the case here?), walk up to the party and greet using a salutation- "Mr. Baxter, the table is prepared for your party of four; I do apologize for the wait. Would you follow me please?" And then thank the party for their patience when seating them, give their servers name, and part with wishing them to enjoy their dinner. Lacking in class and most definitely smiles- focused is alright but please, ladies, do not look miserable doing your job- you set the tone for the restaurant!

My server was Devon. I waited 4 minutes to be greeted, not too bad. She looked rushed and frustrated, the table behind me was waiting for 15 minutes to be helped until a manager came to take the order. Employees, your managers are here to help; don't sacrifice the patience or enjoyment of the party you are waiting on because you are hurried, ask for help to greet or take an order, just a few minutes and you could lose a tip or a customer forever. She didn't offer wine or even remove the glasses from the table when I mentioned I only came for dessert, nor was she very savvy on the menus: I'm not quite sure if she even looked at one before because I asked a question about having another dessert menu and she searched frantically saying, "lemme see if its on the back here." I told her I already checked and it wasn't. She was sort of shocked and said she would go ask the bar if they had one. Came back later, took my order and didn't collect the menus until half way through. Once she was not so rushed she smiled and made eye contact. Confidence is key employees, act like you know what you are doing, move with grace, don't let the frantic show on your face, and you will have us all fooled (in a good way). She waited to bring my check, didn't rush me, so I can appreciate that :) .

The Dolcinis- two were frostbitten/completely frozen (strawberry and tiramisu), the lemon mousse was perfect. Writing this review, I have been waiting for the other two to defrost enough to taste the flavor and not ice. 

Overall, the first day is bumpy but going well from what I see. All the rest will come in time. Thank you management! I wish you all well in your business and personal endeavors!

This was written on my initial visit to OG. 

I went back for a second visit for dinner and dessert.. And well, I don't think I would dare waste my time writing about the terrible service, lack of professionalism, bad manners, and unrefined management- even weeks after it has opened..笑
Walked out!!! Zero service. Sat down at the table and waited and waited till I just gave up and walked out. It wasn't even busy! Ridiculous.笑
We had the smoked mozzarella chicken with ziti, it was delicious, chicken parmigiana was great and seafood Alfredo was great as well.  The service was good and we were seated fairly quick, even though it was a little full. Our server Ray was great, quick and very attentive, as well as fast. Will definitely return.笑
Just had another tasty lunch at my local Olive Garden.  I have been a fan for what, maybe 30 or 40 years now, since I used to live in California.  My waitress, Jackie, was as friendly and as fast as you will ever get.  I usually get the soup, salad, and breadsticks lunch, since it is filling and tasty.  The soup was great, the salad was great, and the breadsticks were hot and tasty.  All in all, a perfect lunch.  Look for Jackie and you will be in and out quickly, so you can enjoy your day, with a nice full tummy.  Will go again soon.  Five stars!  =D笑
We came here on Saturday September 17, 2016 ( my birthday). We were a table of 4 without a reservation at 8:00pm. They got us right in, which was great. However, our food was terrible. The soup and salad were great... but moments after receiving them our entrees came out. Strange thing was our entree's were over cooked and dried out like they had been sitting in the window.. or frankly just not cooked well. My husband and son in law had the tour of Italy. Both plates chicken parmasian the chicken was hard as rocks with black edges on the crust, their fettuccini was also hard and crusty on the edges. I had the mushroom ravoli.. ick. The cheese sauce broke and it was all piled in the center of the dish exposing the tender ravoli and making them hard... I ate 1... and just stopped. My daughter was the only one who received a meal that was enjoyed.. and it was the build your own pasta.笑
When the family needs a carbohydrate overload, we go to Olive Garden. My family of four all had the never ending pasta bowl promotion. The salad and breadsticks lived up to their OG reputation as did the pastas and sauces.

We have visited this location many times with varying levels  of service ranging from poor to great. My review stars are more for the service on our most recent visit. Our server was Sara (not sure of the spelling) and she was attentive and very personable. The restaurant was very busy on a Saturday night, but she didn't make us feel rushed and she took the time to actually speak with us. If you go, I recommend asking for her.笑
Dad went olive garden and got take out. They forgot his and offered to send him a $10 gift card as an apology. He instead kind of the gift card sent to me,( a college student in Reno). They were so sweet and wrote me a letter with the gift card.

Such sweet people and great customer service.笑
I feel like Olive Garden is a go-to spot if you're craving "Italian" food. I've been to many different locations around the valley and this one is my favorite. While the service isn't great every time, once you find that great waiter or waitress...make sure to request them! Our favorite is Travis. He's attentive, but not over bearing. He's quick, friendly, and he's also incredibly good looking...so that helps. Even on a busy Friday night, he never spent too much time away from our table. Drinks were always filled, he checked on us every 10 minutes or so. The food took a little long to come out, but it was Friday night. Thanks for being awesome, Travis!

The food is always consistently the same. It's not SPECTACULAR, but it's good enough to go back when you're craving their addicting breadsticks. Overall, I really enjoy coming to this location when I'm craving pasta.笑
$1.99 to play a game while you wait with no idea that you are paying $1.99 to play the game!!! It showed on our receipt!! Not good and kind of like back dooring you. Plus the waiter talked so much to another party we gave up on getting our second serving of soup!!!笑
This Olive Garden was the best I've ever been to. Our waiter (I think his name was Jay) was so kind to my fiancé and I that we tipped him 40%. 

I had the Shrimp Mezzaluna and it was absolutely delicious. The sauce was light but flavorful and the shrimp were all well cleaned and fully cooked. They even served it to me without tomatoes just like I requested. 

My fiancé had their Chicken Alfredo Noodles. The sauce was thicker and I personally was not a fan of the fact that the chicken was breaded in the bite I tried but he seemed to love it. It was also perfectly seasoned. 

We ordered the Tiramisu before we left and it was delicious. It was light and fluffy just like Tiramisu should be. 

On our way out one of the hostesses stopped me to tell me that she loved my hair, which was sweet of her. 

We left here absolutely stuffed but pleasantly surprised. We will be going again.笑
I have yet to have a bad experience at Olive garden, we eat there about once a week or so, I always have the soup, salad breadstick deal.  Consistently good food, excellent, polite service, reasonable prices.笑
Thanks to this location, I will be going to Macaroni Grill from now on.  Waited for 45 minutes for my food car side pickup.  Their way of compensating me for my time was a piece of chocolate cake, extra breadsticks and warming up my food via microwave.  My dog wouldn't even touch it.  Nice $30 meal in the garbage.  NEVER again.  You have lost my business.笑
Won't be back anytime soon, service was horrible, food tasted like it came straight out of the freezer, and just an overall poor meal. This location is not a good representation of Olive Garden.笑
My boyfriend and I had a great time today at this location. We were greeted by multiple empoyees and our server, Sunday, was very fun, jovial, and upbeat. Two different managers introduced themselves at our table. It was amazing how quick and thoroughly they cleaned the tables when people finshed. The staff here is really on top of their game. 

I was worried that we would have to wait since it's brand new. We showed up at 4:45pm and were seated immediately. When we left an hour later, there were a few parties waiting. I doubt if the wait was long  because  the hostesses were seating people constantly. 

I look forward to visiting this Olive Garden regularly. I'm also excited that they have added some lighter fare options (575 calories or less) to the menu and offer veggies or whole wheat pasta upon request.笑
My husband and I went here for our anniversary. We were so glad we did. We had a wonderful waiter. His name was Austin. The food was great and the service was outstanding. We will return to this location because of the excellent service we received.笑
Well it seemed like they had their sh*t together but maybe they are still working the kinks out.  I took my husband here for lunch and while we were seated right away pretty much the dining experience went downhill from there.  The booth we were given was soaking wet, so wet it felt like I had peed myself when I sat down.  To say the least it startled me and I stood straight up into the hostess.  She came back a few minutes later with some paper towels taken from the ladies room and wiped the table down for us.  
     Our server came and introduced himself and ripped the menu out of my hand trying to point to a picture of an appetizer I had no thought of ordering.  Someone else brought all of our food out.  No refills, and no check ups.  Some manager came over and dropped a left over Father's Day coupon on our table without saying a word.  We must have sat for half an hour with empty dishes stacked in the middle of our table while countless servers walked past us.  Our waiter was nowhere to be seen.  Finally he shows and asks us if we want boxes to go.  Our plates were empty for fucks sake.  Our lunch came with dessert and the guy brings my husband the wrong one, but whatever.  Another half hour goes by before we get the check.  The coupon was left on the table and I'll wait a long while before trying this place again.笑
:) What can I say? It's always yummy food. However, I am reviewing because of the service. Out server Lynwood, provided EXCEPTIONAL service. I was impressed by his professionalism and how attentive he was. Olive Garden, you owe this 5-star review to the amazing customer service of this particular server.笑
I don't know what it was, but today was a really bad service day. Especially the hostess. It's a Wednesday at 2pm, it's not busy. And we usually get seated pretty fast with no issue even if we need a high chair. But today, the hostess said they can't seat us because they are waiting on a table where they can put a high chair. They take everyone who came after us. We Are still waiting after 20 minutes. We have sat at a booth almost every time we've been here, with a high chair, but today, it's not allowed. Cool.笑
I use to love this place but the past two times I've been there I was very disappointed the food was cold it looked like it was sitting out  for a while. My frozen drinks where not frozen anymore when they brought it to my table it looked like the ice had melted already the presentation was pretty bad.
The service was not the best. I would not be coming back again at least to not this location even tho is 5min away from my house I rather do the drive and go to the Cheyenne location.笑
Food was excellent, service was fantastic.  The only reason I have to rank this one low is due to a sewage stink that is literally right outside the front door.  Not only could it kill your appetite before you get in, but it could make you lose a fine meal on the way out.

Sorry to have to say it, but it's the truth.笑
Great outing with our grandmother. My lady and I are in town visiting and we wanted to have a meatless entree. No matter if its Chicago or Vegas Olive Garden is good place for good food that's not expensive. Our meals didn't come with sauce on top oddly, it was on the side. Our waitress Damara was really nice and friendly. Great choice for our first meal in town.笑
Just went in yesterday and had a great experience. Went with my friend and were seated as soon as we walked in. Jeremiah was our waiter and he was very helpful and attentive. I ordered the chicken fettucini Alfredo and it showed up in a timely manner. My chicken had a lot of fat on it so I didn't enjoy it completely but after some picking at it it was good. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was a little lacking in flavor but after some salt and pepper was good. The breadsticks as usually were good.  I forgot to ask him to split the check until he came with it but he quickly took it back and split it without warrant and had my to go soup ready when I left. All in all good experience and friendly nice attentive staff.笑
I've been coming here all of my life but this was the first time for lunch. Their duos are not only sized right but more importantly, priced right. The salad is what keeps me coming back, always delicious!笑
I'm little disappointed on my food, normally its been great with other locations but this location isn't great, I've been here twice now and every time I'm here I feel like they don't take good care of my meals, my stuffed mushrooms were extremely dry and normally have some sauce under them but this is disappointing, I don't think I'll come back to this one :/笑
Took my toddlers here after church, we must have gotten there around 1115 ish and already had more people than expected on a gloomy morning - guess everyone was craving for those awesome soups. Got sat and served rather quickly which I was happy about. Ordered zuppa Toscana to start with the "choose a pasta deal" then changed my mind after seeing their "buy one, take one" - server Lisa honored what I ordered without the need to change and not a lick of attitude (impressive). She also anticipated her guests needs as she never failed to check with us for anything. When the food came and I thought that the pasta needed more sauce and without any questions she brought me 2 extra - resolved the issue right there and then. She also tried helping my 3 yo on this little screen that they have which had games and all and as bad as that sounds -'consenting kids to play games while eating thus kind of helped (since we don't allow that at home). Overall food was consistent, service was great - better than expected. Finally a place I can bring my little ones that's not a fast food or plain pizza place. One day I'll be able to take them to a more fine dine seating but for now OG is a great place to train them good table manners. Thank you Lisa! We surely will be back.笑
Make reservations!!
Can get super busy, but their service is awesome.

Saw other table get faulty service, but was great with us.

We had screaming kids with us, and they made them feel at home...

Thats why we go back over and over笑
The look of this olive garden is some much warmer than the older ones. Plus it feels more upscale. 
The place is super clean. We come here often and over the course of that time we have had a few issues. But anytime there was an issue the managers fix it quick and they are always coming by the tables.笑
I had the chicken scampi which was excellent . My mom ordered chicken Toscana that she loved.  Great service.笑
I must say....years went by without me visiting an Olive Garden, because I felt that they had gone to S***. This new location opened up a couple of years ago and I haven't had anything but great experiences. 
The servers are great: they're friendly, attentive, and happy. I love it. We dined here Monday night and my husband even ventured off of his usual and tried the new steak alfredo with gorgonzola and spinach in it; he added shrimp of course. It was delicious!!! I even liked it better than mine; the stuffed chicken marsala which I think is amazing. 
I really keep going in for the knochi soup. I can't even eat my entree so I just take it home. I always feel bad for asking to take soup home but my server made sure I had my late night snack. LOVE HIM!! I can't remember his name and I wish I could because he was great. OH WAIT! It was Dakota!!! So props to you Dakota for making our dining experience a good one! We will be back of course. It is actually the best place to eat around here. BJ's went downhill, Red Robin-well, it's Red Robin. Don't even get me started on Firerock. That place is a joke.  Michocaan is good. 
Anyway, this is a review for Olive Garden! 
Oh and we notice that every time we dine there, a manager always checks on us. It should be done EVERYWHERE. So we appreciate you and all your staff. Didn't get his name but I have never seen him before, a thin black gentleman was there that night. Friendly demeanor and he made it a point to visit all tables that were in the restaurant. 
Keep doing what you are doing at this location. We have been in this industry for a long time and you all are doing things right!!!笑
First time dining at Olive Garden and I like it. They had me at unlimited salad, soup and breadsticks but we had to try their linguini de Mare and their herb grilled salmon too. Stuffed! 

The salad was fresh with just the right amount of dressing, my zuppa toscana was warm and comforting. The linguini de mare was oh so good with lots of juicy shrimps, mussels and roasted garlic. I used the breadsticks to soak up the pomodoro sauce from the bowl. The husband loved his grilled salmon and  broccoli too. He actually insisted we give Olive Garden a 5*

Our server Shaunte was welcoming, helpful and just wonderful. Oh and I got a complimentary black tie mousse cake just for signing up to their mailing list. 

This is a family-oriented restaurant. We will be back but next time, I'll stick with the soup and salad.笑
First time visiting this location and it will most likely be the last. Our server was very nice and on top of things. She made sure we got refills on our drinks and was attentive.  We went there tonight to celebrate our daughters birthday. She just loves Olive Garden and the never ending pasta bowl. Bread sticks were soft and warm, a plus. The salad, it tasted like the dressing was watered down. It's unfortunate because I'm a sucker for their salad even though it just plain out of the bag. We didn't even finish It. We got chicken scampi..tasted good, just seemed like it was plated for a while because the sauce looked like it was crystallized to the plate, if that make sense. I got the fettuccine Alfredo with the NEPB. It was horrible. It didn't taste creamy like it usually does, it tasted like butter. No good. Now, since we came for a birthday I told our server and asked if she could sing happy birthday. She then asked what dessert did we want to purchase so they could sing. I was speechless...it's her birthday so we let her pick. At the Cheyenne location they NEVER charged us for a birthday dessert. This one did. It's unfortunate since this is closer to us. We would rather drive a little farther to get better service and better tasting food. Thanks Olive Garden, thanks.笑
My family and I love Olive Garden. I was so relived to have the server we did twice, it allowed us to feel welcomed and being familiar with staff is always a great thing. James was super nice and took time to explain new dishes to us and that was appreciated. We have two little girls and he was super nice and friendly with them which was great. We have only been there a few times but from now on we would like to be seated with him again, it really adds to our dining experience. Great job LV Olive Garden!笑
Great preparation for Valentine's Day. To go orders area was very well organized. Well done guys.笑
OG has wonderful salad, soup, breadsticks and entrees that are very reasonable in price. Our server Marsha provided us with a sample of wine before deciding which to order. Service was impeccable. We will return to this location and bypass the W Cheyenne.笑
I am a big fan of all things Olive Garden. The minestrone soup is my favorite. I ordered it tonight, it was good but the shell pasta was a little mushy. Maybe over cooked but still good. The breadsticks were amazing!  My son had cheese pizza and grapes and enjoyed it. The hubby had lasagna and said it was delicious but the portion size was smaller than usual and we went at dinner time so it shouldn't have been a lunch portion...this is our first trip to OG since moving to NV so maybe portions are different than what we had in FL. I also had the create your own pasta and was able to get had cheese marinara and half Asiago garlic Alfredo.  Very yummy!!  My peach Bellini tea had a hint of coffee taste...very weird. All in all good experience and we will go back.笑
Went on a Sunday night expecting a long line.  We were able to get two seats together on the bar right away and got served our drinks almost immediately.  We took advantage of their current $12.95 special and ordered the Bucatini and Chicken Toscano.  The risotto that came with the chicken was horribly undercooked.  What would Gordon Ramsay say?  We told the bartender/server staff about it and asked them to let the kitchen know.  I'm assuming their risotto is cooked in batches with precooked rice so the whole batch would be "crunchy".  The male bar porter came up and offered a choice of Alfredo or marinara dipping sauce for the bread already in front of us.  We said marinara, please.
The short story?  The check came and nothing was taken off for the undercooked risotto that we never ate and sent back.  The offer of the the marinara sauce cost us $4.00 which the bar porter neglected to mention.  I think this restaurant is going through start up problems.  I think we'll wait awhile before going back.笑
Newest Olive Garden in the Centennial area.  It's about as average as a restaurant can get.  So not bad, but far from great.

Honestly, the main reason my family and I ever end up at Olive Garden is for the never ending pasta bowl.  I mean come on, isn't why a lot of folks go?  It's probably one of their better deals.  $9.99 (used to be a few bucks cheaper a few years ago) for all the salad, breadsticks, and pasta you can handle?  I'm sure marathoners carbo-loading give this one a go!  However, I'm a bit weak in the pasta eating area, after two servings consider me down for the count.  Too many carbs!  But I'm more a purist in my pasta dishes, whenever we come in I usually go for the spaghetti with meat sauce, or the fettuccine alfredo.  Every once in a while I'll go for one of Olive Garden's new sauce.  Is it just me or do the breadsticks taste different now?  Seems so not homemade anymore.  It's like the kind you can find in Costco already semi-prebaked.  Not my favorite like long ago.  I like the salad, but since now you can basically buy Olive Garden Italian dressing and croutons in places like Sam's Club, it's super easy to replicate at home.  

Olive Garden does use decent pasta though, and cook it well enough on most occasions.  This new location in Centennial is often packed when we pass by, so obviously they must be doing someting right.  But yes, with the vast amount of choices to get quality Italian dining (anyone for $25 spaghetti in marinara at Scarpetta?) you can have your pick of the moon.  It is convenient though for folks like us on the NW side of town, who aren't exactly the closes the fine dining on The Strip.  I just don't find Olive Garden the most exotic of places is all.  It's an OK chain, but yep it's still a chain.

Our service at this particular Olive Garden was spectacular though.  Our waitress was very friendly, quick to refill our items, not pushy, very patient, and let us go free with the fresh grated pecorino-romano cheese!  We were there for a while for dinner, and she never rushed us once.  I'd go back again if she were our server.  Nice gal.

It's been a long time since I've tried anything else besides the never ending pasta bowl on Olive Garden's menu.  To me, it's just a tad expensive.  For around the same amount of money, you could go to a decent buffet in town, or a place for Happy Hour.  I'm all about cheaper eats, so we rarely choose Olive Garden.  Many of their dishes are just on the expensive side, and I don't usually want to get full off of pasta.  A dish averaging $14 -$16 seems the norm, and I often think I can find a better bargain for dinner somewhere else.  I'm sure the pricing is one of the reasons Olive Garden started heavily promoting their never ending pasta bowl as an excellent value.  

I'll be back to Olive Garden, but only when I see a good bargain!笑
This review is for this location only and not for the chain....

let me start of by saying that I love olive garden.  We did not have one back from Hawaii (although there are rumors that one is being built in Kapolei) so every time i came to the mainland I made sure I stopped at one.  Now that I moved here, I can come here anytime.

We were seated right away and as soon as we sat down, my daughter said we should order calamari.  The person who seated us was surprised that she liked calamari.  What was even more shocking is what came out of the hostess's mouth.  She said calamari was octopus.  I told her no it is squid. "Well isn't a squid and octopus the same thing"  Ummmm no it's not.  I was shocked that someone who worked there didn't no this piece of information.

Anyway fast forward to our server who was slower than molasses. Our drinks were messed up and the food came out before we were even done eating our salads.  This guy was sweating so bad it was gross.

Maybe this is a sign from calorie gods that i should not be wasting my calories on olive garden and pick a different place for a cheat meal.  Nonetheless how can you go wrong on never-ending pasta bowls.  Yummo.  the garlic sticks are to die for and that salad dressing has me drooling right now.  I was so excited to see the dressing at Sam's Club..

I will come back and give this place another shot.  Hopefully my waiter will look like he did not just run a marathon.

pros:
ample parking
never-ending soup/salad
delicious food
short wait time

cons:
sweaty waiters笑
Last night the service we received at this Olive Garden was outstanding!!! Fast and friendly, but the fast part is what we loved best. Since moving to Vegas it seems no matter where we go; from fast food to fast gourmet: ITS SLOW! So we were pleasantly surprised at this chain restaurant. 

We had cheese ravioli, stuffed Marsala chicken with mashed potatoes, and the Northern Tour of Italy. We also ordered the Tiramisu and strawberry cheesecake. It all looked good and tasted great! We got plenty of salad and breadsticks too! The waiter filled our waters without us ever having to ask, we loved that! Just a great overall experience.笑
Terrible service! Waited 10 minutes and no one acknowledged we were even sitting there. No drinks, nothing. And they sat us at a dirty table. We just walked out. Hostess didn't even care. Will never return to Olive Garden.笑
Food was terrible.  Worst service ever.  Because of these reasons, everything is over-priced.  The "waitress" twice interrupted me while taking my order to talk to customers behind her.  This place needs to be closed.  The only reason I give this place a 1-star rating is because there is no zero-star or negative-star rating!笑
I called at 7:16 and placed an order for curbside pick up; I was told a pick up scheduled for 8PM.  I show up at 7:42, I explain I'm a bit early (18 min), and I'm told it's still going to be another 30 minutes and that my order had not been sent to the kitchen...... Talk about piss poor service.

I cancelled my order.  

What's the point of curbside pick up and being told that the order is going to be ready at a said time only to be told that there is an additional wait?

Try again Centennial Hills Olive Garden but not on my time.笑
I go here every year for my birthday dinner with my family. I love the service, the ambience, the food. Everything about this place is amazing.笑
It did not surprise me that there was a wait at a new location, but there were probably 8 employees behind the hostess station looking like they had no idea where they were. After our name was on the waiting list, (40 minutes) I could not find a place to sit, so I thought there may be room to sit in the ladies room. On my way to the bathroom I had to wade through about 50 servers milling about in the aisles. This is a big location, but there is no way they need a staff of 200 inexperienced servers to stand around looking confused in groups of two.

We did wait less than the predicted time, but I think that was due to the fact that the people in line before us were no where to be found when their names were called. We were seated at a decent table, but the building is loud and overcrowded, so we couldn't hear each other talking. That makes a meal awkward enough, but we were also being interrupted constantly by servers delivering items to our table that were meant for other tables.

Our server was nice and tried his best, but I think in general they trained these servers to up sell and serve wine samples, but not on practical things like table numbers or order timing. When I saw the new menu, it made more sense since they are obviously all about the money, money, money. The prices have gone up! I suppose they need more money to help them pay the cost of the new building and maintaining an army of untrained servers to run around being useless and blocking fire exits all the time.

Our entrees were served before we had a chance to eat our salad and the appetizer came out 10 minutes after that. I guess they were going for a reverse dining experience. The food came out so fast and inappropriately timed that I felt we were being rushed out. Combined with the loud atmosphere and the numerous people stopping by the table it felt like eating at a parody of a good  restaurant.

The food itself, while served way too quickly, was also not very good. I am a fan of Olive Garden, so I am not sure if they changed the menu or it is just being executed poorly. The salad was gross and rubbery, my fettuccini was bland and my boyfriend's ziti was so salty he was draining Lake Mead with all the water refills. 

The appetizer was okay, but honestly I'll eat pretty much anything as long as you deep fry it. Additionally, it is hard to enjoy an appetizer when it comes out after you've already started your actual meal. With that much food on the table you start to realize how much you are pigging out right now. Nobody wants to be reminded of the call to Jenny Craig they will have to make as a result of this one meal. The server did apologize for this, but no one offered to take the appetizer off the bill... or even to take it back. Just shut up and eat your pile of food, fatty.

Even though there were people everywhere throwing food at us and asking us how we were doing at the beginning of the meal, they all disappeared at check time. I guess they get yelled at a lot for those sneaky upsells? The manager came by after several minutes, but we just wanted to give them our money and leave by then. Honestly, this Olive Garden needs to call its birth mother and get some guidance about how to win at being a real restaurant. Maybe we will try it again in a year. Until then I think we will stick with the Red Robin right next door.笑
We go every Friday after work to have dinner and unwind, sit at the bar and eat so we get served right away no waiting.  Bartender Mike is  professional and personable. The Chef is fabulous as our food is always perfect and served hot. A little pricey sometimes but they do have a lot of choices for lesser $$ items.  It is worth it though food is flavorful and fresh.笑
We've been here since it opened and now that Sammy's took a turn for the worse this is our new second home. 

Michael is a great manager and the staff is great. We always have fun here. This location is clean, modern and family oriented. Arrivederci!笑
Food was average but we did show up 1 hour before they close. We sat at the bar, the bartender was awesome and very entertaining. But the appetizer was cold, the soup was cold, and the spaghetti was good. I really must say the Cheyenne location is way better hands down.笑
If you've been to an Olive Garden before the food is no different at this location, and if you haven't expect mediocre Italian food and to have it be somewhat overpriced. Generally I would, give 3 stars for it being on par with what to expect, but today our service was horrible. For just one small example I sat with an empty glass for soda about 10 mins before our server came and grabbed the glass for a refill. It then took over 8 mins for him to return with it. At that point our meal was done and we had already asked for the check. Yes, things were mentioned to management on the way out. Not likely go to back again unless someone in my group really wants to.笑
My fiancé and I really don't like Olive Garden usually. However, on a rare evening we had a craving for it. We walked in the to go door and the hallway was WAY too tiny. After they got done with the person in front of us, the person in the little window disappeared. He also never came back and the other guy ignored us because he was on the phone forever. We stood around and waited a good 20 to 30 minutes just for someone to acknowledge us. Not one server or the person working to go ever said anything to us. Which I find amazing considering we were standing between the bar and all the booths. Needless to say even if we ever get a craving again for Olive Garden we definitely will not be back.笑
While dining at this Olive Garden, a table next to us decided to change their baby's dirty diaper in the booth right across from us. In the middle of eating our lunch (for my birthday no less) I had to sit and watch someone change a dirty diaper and then proceed to smell it. We asked to speak to the manager and we watched our server go up to him, talk to him and he never stopped to talk to us. He even walked by our table, looked at us, then walked by the table that was complaining about their meal and did nothing. Another manager was at that table and was clearly struggling with the tables several other concerns, but chose not to help. The manager who was supposed to come to our table and instead just walked by was named Shane.笑
We were excited this restaurant opened by our home. The service we received HORRIBLE! We were seated promptly, it was busy, all the tables were full. No one came to our table...no drinks, bread, a hello...nothing, for 15-20 mins. I saw the hostess that sat us & said "excuse me" to get her attention. She looked up at me from the stack of papers she was reading but couldn't be bothered enough to walk the 10 ft to the table to see what it was I needed. I had to go to her because I didn't want to shout my request. Another server said he would take our order & help us for the night. "Joe" did well and we had no complaints. But, I will be taking my business elsewhere for the the time being & near future.笑
When you think of a darn good salad and bread sticks who else comes to mind. NOBODY!
And the appetizers who can find one they don't like. I love the stuffed mushrooms. 
My wife loves the soup and salad.
And I love the tour of Italy.
The only problem is you can't eat all of it because you've eaten two and a half bowls of salad and four whole breadsticks. And down a few glasses. 
But you leave there happy and full every time. 
And for the amount you money you spend there I'd like to get extra mints lol笑
only one area section opened and it was too crowded (including a couple of families with playful children). the noise level was unreal. hoping to have a relaxing lunch with my husband but we had to shout to hear each other. we each order the buy one/ take one...should of checked the bag before we left because it was the wrong order! when we first arrive I did request to be seated at a table (husband handicap) but given a half booth. Really wished we we would gone to the other end of the parking lot ate at Lindo Michoacan or Red Robin. BTW food was good but if I wanted to eat with a bunch of children I would of gone to Chucky Cheese. Have no problem with children at restaurant but I think these parent could of had better control on the noise and perhaps the hostess should of opened up another section.笑
My family & I eat here pretty often & our service is usually great. We decided to order to go since it was late & yes we were aware that it's Valentines night so they are most likely busy (which was fine). I've never ordered to go, so I enter in the front & approached the front desk & being that of course, it was busy looks like the 3-4 employees working, were trying to figure out a seating situation. I stood their patiently for a minute, a couple comes behind me a few seconds later & gets helped first. The hostess sits them down & when she comes back I then ask her for help. I was fine with waiting, it was more or less that she had an answer back to me. Instead of maybe saying I'm sorry or something else for that matter. Thought this was really rude & inconsiderate as to the fact that I was ignored & clearly was there first.

Went to the Togo window & they said they were still waiting for some of my food items, which I was perfectly fine with waiting again. Long story short, when I called in the person that took my order, made a mistake and rang in for tomorrow instead. They let me know of this so I was aware & I was still fine with waiting. 15 minutes later our food was ready and the kitchen manager comped our order, props to you definitely appreciate it. Thank you Togo department.笑
This spot was selected  for our belated Christmas get together with the kiddos and family this past Friday. It's a solid place for a family get together and they make sure the kids get their crayons and coloring books to stay entertained while the food is being prepared.  A busy Friday night for a table of four  plus two kids equated to a 35 min wait. They only take reservations 2 hours ahead of your planned arrival (read: call ahead of time and not last minute like I did).

Our table ordered a variety that includes their smoked mozzarella fonduta appetizer (melted smoky blend of a variety of cheese served with slices of Tuscan bread- yum), seafood fettuccine alfredo (w/ shrimp and scallops), the kids got spaghetti and meatballs with extra marinara to dip breadsticks, and I ordered their  unlimited Zuppa Toscana (bits of spicy sausage w/ kale and chunks of  potatoes in a creamy broth) and breadsticks (so worth it) along with peach iced tea (sweetened). The food was good and no one at the table was disappointed. Our meals were solid carb-loaded comfort food and it was exactly what I expected-- A-OK.

TIP: EAT IN THE BAR (21+).  When my husband and I come here by ourselves we easily scoot in and are seated in the bar and eating in less than ten/fifteen minutes (even in the middle of the Friday/Saturday night dinner rush). It's speedy and the right choice if you're starvin' Marvin.笑
I was there with a couple of friends and my wife. No wait on Saturday noon time. We were seated right away. The waiter was awesome. He had several tables and still had time to come around often to check up on us. Great service. We order a pint of Alfredo sauce to dip our bread sticks in, 2 soups and 2 salads, 2 ordered the Tour of Italy, another person ordered chicken Alfredo, and I ordered chicken scampi. Everything was delicious. They kept coming with warm bread sticks. Good atmosphere and good service. Will definitely come back to this Olive Garden again.笑
Great restaurant, staff is very kind. Door was held open as we entered, kind greeting, short wait for a Wednesday night, good service, and great food.笑
We chose this olive garden for our son's rehersal dinner. We were treated like royalty and it was a busy saturday night. The manger and staff were excellent. We couldnt have asked for a better venue for this celebration.They deserve five stars !!!笑
Not my favorite location in Vegas, but not the worst. It took us a long time to get our food. That includes our drinks, breadsticks, salad, and soup. Other than that, there's nothing really wrong with the place. It looks great, the food was good, the service was decent. Not a bad visit.笑
We love the Olive Garden because the quality of food you're so dependable we especially love the Olive Garden close to our home which is always extremely clean great service and the meals are absolutely perfect we would recommend this particular Olive Garden to anyone and everyone笑
Kinda hard to go wrong here. The service is sometimes spotty but the meals are typically good to great. Tonight the fettucine alfredo was a bit bland and lacked flavor. However, the lasagna and the chicken parmigiana were excellent.  We typically like to sit in the bar area if possible.  It seems like we get better service in there.笑
They made my Mom happy but my eggplant parm was so hot it fogged my glasses and I couldn't eat it for so long they seriously need to be careful if I'd of eaten it not to mention the plate and the silver weAr had to be boxed with over mitts by my waitress overall beware of temps on your food笑
My first and my last time eating here the service was bad not to mention the server was hitting on me when I just wanted to have a nice lunch, I needed more soda but the server didn't ask if I needed a refill when my glass was empty, I had to go ind someone to get more and the food was good but could have been made better it taste like a TV dinner to be honest and the manager was super horrible I will not be coming here and I told everyone not to go here cause the service was horrible.笑
Impressed! Surprised to see so many negative reviews. 
We did have to wait awhile to be seated, but it was Fri night, so we expected that. 
Our server, Kendra, was great! Very nice & had a good sense of humor, too. She even went into the kitchen to find out EXACTLY what marscapone cheese is when I asked.
My husband ordered the chicken marsala & really liked it. I ordered the, um...seafood bordella I think it was called. It had shrimp, scallops & tilapia. I wasn't crazy about it. Oscar, I believe he was one of the managers, came around to see how everything was & even asked if he could bring me a different dish. I declined since I didn't think there wasn't anything wrong with it; I guess I'm just not a fan of tilapia in tomato wine sauce. Will order something different next time. Breadsticks & salad were awesome, though, as usual. 
Thier toasted marshmallow martini is TO DIE FOR!!! HOWEVER, only have ONE! I had 2 & I think it was too much "sweet" for me. But they are SOOOOO delicious!
We also really liked what they did with the building. Looks really nice inside & out. 
The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars was the seafood dish & how noisy it was in there. But, we will still go back for sure.笑
What has happened to good waiter service? When I get better table service at a fast food restaurant like In n' Out than at Olive Garden it makes me want to stop going. To avoid the terrible service we've started using their order online and pickup service on late work days because we can pick it up on the way home. The takeout service is packaged nicely and you get a good sized salad for each entrée ordered. My husband and I usually each eat half our meal and save the second half for lunch the next day. The salads are large enough that we can usually split one for 2 people and save the second one to eat with our left overs the next day. If you want to eat at the restaurant, eat in the bar! You usually don't expect great food service in the bar because the main focus is the bar, not food, but this place is the exception. If it's not too crowded, eat in the bar!笑
Olive Garden, never awful but never good. The mediocrity of cheap Italian dining.

The staff were nice. The food average. The meal uneventful.笑
Got to the this location at  5:10 pm.  Was told that it was a 25 - 30 minute wait.  At 5:40, after watching several parties leave and no one being seated, we asked the hostess how much longer the wait would be. After being told we were not on the list, we had to point out that we had a restaurant pager.  I was then told they could not give an estimate as the manager had "cut those off which is something they are allowed to do." (Yes, direct quote). Left and went down the street to Smashburger.  After reading the previous reviews, it appears that we made the correct choice.  Also, it is interesting that the customer feedback page on the OG site is not working.笑
We ate here on June 8.  It was a little late in the evening - later than we usually have our 3 year old out.  Our sweet little boy had disappeared, and the GRUMPUS had arrived.  Oh crap.  We feared we would have to get the food to go.

Then along came Molly, our server.  She took our drink order, and immediately started engaging with our son.  Without our having to ask, she brought him out a complimentary plate of black olives, which he loves to stick on his fingers.  (He gets that from his uncle on his Mom's side - definitely!)  Before long, the Grumpus was banished, and my sweet little boy had returned!

As with most Olive Garden restaurants, the food was very good but not outstanding.  But you don't go to the Olive Garden for Gourmet.  In short order, my ravioli, my wife's lasagna, and my boy's mac-n-cheese were demolished, and we were all very happy campers.

Molly got a 25% tip.  She earned it.  If you have a grumpy kid, ask for her section.  We also made sure to get her manager to the table and sing her praises.

We will be back.笑
Great customer service Jason was such a cool guy . Made us laugh and was very helpful.笑
Went in at 11:15 on a Saturday morning  with the family after being turned away at Shuck's and Timbers because they are 21 and over. There were very few cars in the lot so we anticipated at least a quick seating. OG opens at 11:00, but we were told we would have to wait for a table to be set up. After an extended wait and watching several employees milling around with no sense of urgency and acknowledgement we were still waiting. We opted to dine elsewhere and walked out. In my book, it starts with the service. We got none.笑
Service: our server seemed friendly I will give her that, however she was not personable at all! She rushed us and I hated it! We were there and ate and out in 27minutes! My daughter and I went out to try and have a nice dinner but that didn't really happen. I left annoyed and disappointed. My daughter eats slow and I eat pretty fast so I finished my food and was waiting for her to eat, no big deal we were just chatting and eating. The waitress asked if I wanted a box for my to go food and I told her yes. So I get a text from my sister and I replied I look up and she is bagging mine and my daughters food! I was done but she wasn't! I just said forget it and paid and left. We didn't get mints or offered desserts or a sample of wine. :0( 

Food: the food was delicious!笑
Horrible service I've been to this Olive Garden numerous times and the service I received today was so bad I walked out. I usually request for JASON and from now on if he isn't working I will not do business at this location. Very disappointed笑
Stopped in here for a quick bite and drink.
Food was great but our waiter Austin was really great. He made the experience better.笑
Our server Trevor was amazing! He was on point on everything; he definitely made sure we were well taken care of! Food is always amazing! Breadsticks were so good with the chicken gnocchi, shrimp Alfredo, scampi Alfredo ... Love it!笑
Yesterday, I was picking up 2 orders. However, I forgot to submit my own order. Megan displayed incredible customer service. Even promptly assisted me when I realized I messed up my second order. Even if the food was garbage, which it was not, Megan earned the store 5 stars. Very kind, attentive, not overdoing it. Her happiness to assist me felt very genuine. Thank you Megan! Great customer service still exists.笑
I would rate this place a higher rating. But the only concern of mine is the hostess that we had a this location was absolutely horrid!! She for got what we ordered as she did not write down what we ordered at all. Brought us water but once again forgot that we ordered (2 sodas). She was a young blond haired girl, I believe her name was Amanda as she told us that about 10 times. 
She seemed nervous as she looked like she did not know what she was doing. I do believe you should get someone undercover in this job. Especially on this waitress she is incapable of this job and should be doing the dishes and not hosting.笑
Great service !! Thank you Kyle best server ever! Also thank you Olive Garden for getting us in so fast.笑
Waitress and food was great.. however they do need to make sure their kitchen staff is not under staffed.笑
I normally love OG, but after last night, this place will not see me again.
It was busy and we didn't mind waiting the 30 min for a party of 5. After sitting there 20 min, 6 young girls showed up. All of a sudden after a couple minutes, they get seated after they went in a 2nd time. We thought that was kind of odd. Well we been watching this whole thing to find out, the host is telling all those young people to check in thru their phone for faster seating. That pissed me off. We were sitting there with a 7 and 8 year old that were hungry and the young kids that come in get extra fast treatment. Then our buzzer goes off and they want to sit 5 of us on a 4 seat table. You have to be kidding me, we don't fit on a 4 top! If I spend my $ I want to compftable sit at my table and not being squished! Then they tell us we have to wait another 10 min because they messed up the seating and gave the table away to someone else. Maybe you should train your hostesses better. 
I wish this would be the only issue, but to our bad, the calamari was not like usual, they must have changes supplier. And they also were not cooked long enough. 
They also must have changed the chicken scampi receipe, it sure didn't taste like usual or the kitchen just can't cook when it's busy.
Well you lost a family of 5 that used to love OG.笑
First, i have to say, our waitress was very sweet, patient, & checked on us quite often. 
We waited 15 mins for a party or 2!!!!!!! Dinner time, but that is ridiculous!!!!!
Our appetizers came out just before our entrees, we ordered the stuffed mushrooms. The garlic breads that came out was nice and warm, but hard, the zupa toscana soup was delicious, however my salad hardly had any dressing, more croutons and onions, then lettuce & tomatoes. We ordered a shrimp fettuccine, which hardly had any alfredo sauce, so it dried up pretty quick & didn't have much shrimp no more than 10 pcs, mind you, this is dinner plates! i ordered the take 2,  which both were the chicken broccoli with alfredo sauce. i paid almost 60 for food that was OK!笑
Service is always great.  We have never come and received bad or mehhhh service.  Food as always the same as the other restaurants.  I think the ambiance and servers make this place the great experience that it is.笑
horrible and slow service if we could give zero out of five stars we would. Out of the 10 plates we  were given four for them were dirty . My husbands soup was spilt in the plate that was under the bowl, The waitress showered me with a cup of water, and my chicken was completely burnt. Never coming back again, very disappointed.笑
One of these worst Olive Gardens I've been to. Took 20 minutes to get drinks. Which were refilled once, 15 minutes after they were gone. The wrong soup was brought out to my entire table and then corrected. We received one basket of breadsticks after asking for more 4 times. The food was overcooked and burned to a crisp. I basically had to chase the waiter down to give him the check. What should have been a 45minute-1 hour lunch turned into a 2 hour debacle. I love the Olive Garden in Summerlin, and live on Centennial. I'll make the drive next time, gladly.笑
After our visit to this location this afternoon I can definitely say this particular Olive Garden is home to some really great servers. 
Our server Cheryl G. exceeded the standard service in every way! Simply arriving to our table she gave a warm greeting and her overall attitude was amazing despite the busy environment. She consistently checked up on us and served us so very well. I had even mentioned how my girlfriend absolutely LOVES cheese with her chicken gnocchi soup and she even brought us out an extra portion aside from the standard portioning all without asking. She refilled our drinks and offered assistance very often. She even gave us some cheese to take home! Haha. I honestly cannot say enough about how great it is to have such awesome service during those busy hours where an average server would neglect the small details to meet the minimum. Great food, great service, awesome energy. 10/10 would eat here again. :)笑
great food! We had Jason as our server and his service was excellent!!!  ambience is amazing!!!笑
If it weren't for a gift card we probably would not eat at Olive Garden.  Our last experience in Flagstaff, AZ was not good.  The food was awful!  BUT, we have a gift card, so we give Olive Garden one more try.  This particular restaurant has only been open a short time.  The building looks very nice on the outside.  Well, the inside is different than other Olive Garden spots.  Very nice!!!  The greeters were right there and eating at 4:30 meant no wait.  Ken took us to our seat and told us about the never-ending pasta ......and he made a personal recommendation...said he's had it many times in a row...it's that good.  (pomodoro sausage)

We were then greeted by Luanna who offered us wine and then took our drink orders.  When she came back we placed our order.  I had the salad, which is always good.  My husband had the Pasta Fagioli soup.  He said it was really good, especially compared to the last time he had it (in AZ). The breadsticks were served HOT.  We were offered refills, which we took.  Luanna came back to see if we wanted more and we said no thanks...need to save room for dinner.  We had spaghetti with meat sauce, which was very tasty and Penne Sausage Pomodoro which also was really good.   It was served, steaming hot and in a timely manner.  When we were finished, she asked if we were ready for more but the portion was generous and there was no way we could eat another bite..She asked if we had room for desert but there was no way.  IT was a great meal for $9.99 each!!!!!!!!

So yes, we will be back to THIS Olive Garden!!!笑
Back in 2004 when I became a vegetarian, Olive Garden was my favorite restaurant. Why? Those $6.99 AYCE soup, salad, and bread sticks were perfect for a high school kid's budget! More importantly, Olive Garden's vegetarian minestrone soup fit my newbie diet. To this day, I'll still go back to OG for the lunch special, especially when I get emailed a coupon to enjoy it for only $5 (fan club perks)! Bread sticks and even the soup can be hit or miss, but for a $5 AYCE, I'll take it.

The location in Centennial is my go-to OG. Service is usually above average. Food wise, OG is on par with any other major American restaurant chain. Entrees are pretty mediocre, so I stick with my usual.     
 
PRO TIP: Olive Garden gives Veterans a free entree from a selected menu and dependents get 10% of their meals too on Veterans Day. 

Worth a Return Visit?
Only for lunch! Unless I'm dragged here on a couple date. Which happens more than you'd think. Hmph.

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #126笑
Fairly new location.  We've been here 4 times.  Have always received great service and food.笑
First time back from a not so stellar experience.. 

I am amazed with our server Alex... She's got to be the most on point server I've had in years.... 

Drinks were 1/3 full and new ones were placed in front of us with out us even asking.. 

Food was perfectly timed from apps to entree to dessert.. 

Funny and personable yet still got her job handled... My god... I believe I will be coming back much more just because of her!!! 

Olive Garden, you've got a great employee!!!!笑
I love olive garden... The server Damara was fantastic!!!! She treated my daughter to a desert because it was her first time, I thought that was special. The food was fresh and it came out pretty quick.笑
this was my third time at olive garden, first time at this location. 

made reservations for date night with my boyfriend. it was on the 5th of March, so it was pretty packed. we were seated in a room that was less crowded which was nice. 

FOOD: 3/5 
started off with complimentary bread sticks & ordered the alfredo sauce to go along. i had the chicken & gnocchi soup, & we both had their house salad. whatever sauce they use on their salad, definitely working for them. it was delicious. the fact that my boyfriend loves it ( he hates veggies ) says something. 

for our main dish, we both decided on their special "make your own tour of italy". we both got the lasagna & fettuccine alfredo, & i had the tortellini al forno & he had the ravioli. the fettuccine alfredo was my favorite. the rest was ehh, nothing special. a bit too much cheese & kinda salty for my liking. for the price ( $12.99 ), it was good. 

i signed up for their eclub, so we got a free dessert, their zeppoli with chocolate sauce. best item of the night. it was yummy. a perfect ending of the night. 

SERVICE: 4/5

our server was jason. he took good care of us, even with while serving 3 other tables near us. he would come to check up on us a few times, made sure we were enjoying our meals & had refills. a bit slow with getting a refill on my water, but that was understandable. he made sure the bill was correct & even shook our hands twice in the end before leaving. 

OVERALL: 4/5

will come back to this location again & try something else on their menu.笑
Had a great dinner here tonight. I had the shrimp Alfredo. Plus I chose a soup that had chicken and dumplings. Also had a glass of the Michelle Chardonnay. Was a wonderful dinner with excellent service. The waiter was on point with refills with my water, checked on us after the food was served, didn't complain on how much cheese I had him put on my food Haha. We asked for a booth after they tried to put us at a table and they had no problem with that and found us a nice booth. Very polite staff and the food was amazing in all courses. 5 stars definitely. It is a pricey restaurant but if you have the cash to spend or the taste for the finer foods then definitely stop in. Will absolutely come back.笑
Dinner was hot and delicious and pretty quick for a busy Friday. The waiter was on his game. I had a great experience.笑
Dined here tonight after a long time away. This was a superb experience. All of the food was fresh as could be and very tasty. Also our server Dakota was on point and went the extra mile to make sure we had a pleasant time and meal. There is not much I could say that would help improve this establishment because nothing was wrong. Job well done and thank you.笑
This is the worse Olive Garden I have eaten at.  Stay away,  food is horrible and service is worse.  Waited 20 minutes for drinks, received raw eggplant.   Saw a manager.  Horrible horrible.笑
I love coming to Olive Garden especially to this particular one. Is clean the food servers are great, because none of this so far are not at all rude like in some other places. I love to eat the Shrimp Alfredo but to start off with an appetizer I love the Lasagna Frida笑
This OG is okay.  It's consistent with all the others in town.  We mainly go there cause our kids LOVE the OG.  My kids go crazy with the stickers, bread sticks and the Zupa Toscana.  One thing I will give this location a lot of credit for is problem resolution.  The two times I've encountered issues (which the employees brought to attention) and the manager always does a superb job with the follow up.  I have found this location to own up to their mistakes, but make a true conscious effort to ensure their patron is happy.  This is one reason I go back and the other is they take good care of my kids. That attention always holds a special place within me.笑
Olive garden it just bunch of cheese, pasta and sauce, yet they charge an arm and a leg for it. Another problem - appetizers came out pretty fast, we were still eating salad as our entre came out. It's probably the way that they try and save on salad and bread sticks refills. It felt like they wanted us out of there fast. What happened to enjoying the food and the atmosphere? (we actually do eat fast and even for us food was way too fast). 
Servers were great, friendly, however, as a chain restaurant they are turning into fast food place - get you in, fed and out out asap so they can make more money on the next order of 2 dollar pasta and sauce.  
I would only return there for soup, but I know how to make it at home now.笑
If i could give 0 stars... I would. Worst experience at a restaurant. Hosts were rude and unorganized. Skipped our name because they rely too much on a computer instead of thinking for themselves. The food was bland, dry, and came out wrong as it always does at this location. A manager came out to talk to us since they always get everything wrong. The managers here are the most useless use of payroll I've ever seen. I don't know how Adrian still has a job here. The way he looked at my friends and me creeped us all out. So gross! At least I think his name was Adrian.. couldn't see the name tag all too well. I saw him yelling and mistreating a lot of the staff there. Servers especially. Management is a joke. The food really sucks. Don't for one second think that Olive Garden represents Italian food.... I've only gone here twice but both times were terrible.... don't go to this location. Its always too crowded and all you hear is people bitching for discounts.笑
Sadly I would of never thought I would be giving Olive Garden a 1 star. 

Found out that my favorite event at OG was going on and since we hadn't yet been into our neighborhood OG since it was new, it was a easy choice. We arrived and and were seated immediately by the front entrance.

 Nikki was our waitress and we placed our orders. I ordered the Asaigo garlic alfredo on angle hair pasta and the chicken noki soup. After the normal wait time our salads and soups were brought to the table. I kind of laughed as there was only about 1/4 inch of soup in my bowl. All broth and 1 piece of gnocchi. I started to eat it and about 5 minutes later Nikki stopped by to check on us. I asked for another bowl of soup, and she stated," I don't know why your filling up on soup when you ordered the endless pasta." Well, I was embarrassed and just told her I like the soup. She leaves and brings back another bowl of soup and it is once again only has about 1/4 of a inch of soup in it with no gnocchi  at all. Just the broth! I asked Nikki why this was and she said she had to scrap the bottom of the pan to get that much and that they were waiting on someone to bring them more.  Now I know this is just me, but the manager stops over with a big smile wanting to know how we are doing. I told him that I was put off by Miss Nikki and what she said to me. How awkward I felt. He said he would get to the bottom of it. Now out comes Nikki bringing me a full bowl of soup and asks me in a condescending voice, "is that enough gnocchi ?" WTF!!! I didn't even ask for that bowl! Now while she is there someone else brings out our food. So I have my pasta in front of me and I don't even touch the soup. 

I am disappointed in my service. I really did not enjoy my dining experience because of this particular person. I would much rather drive the extra 5-6 miles down to Cheyenne Rd and go to that OG. Because for the 7 years I have been going there I have had excellent service.

I won't be back anytime soon, as we are fans of Michoacan and they KNOW how to provide a good meal with great service,and it's basically in the same parking lot we will go there if we want to stay close to home.笑
Sunday provides great service! Food is always good but eat here never do curb side pick up because you'll have to go inside every time. They're horrible at bringing the food outside. I prefer the Cheyenne location. Over this one.... Seems like they still haven't worked out all the kinks yet hopefully they figure it out.笑
I don't know why, but sometimes when I miss my grandparents I want to go to Olive Garden because we used to as a kid. 

The fiance and I decided to go with the 2 for $20.

So soup or salad and breadsticks to start. He got the chicken gnocchi soup which was kinda like chicken and dumplings. It was alright, but wouldn't get that again. Salad is always just as you expect as well as the breadsticks.

Each person gets a entree. Spaghetti with Italian Sausage. They give you 4 full sausages so they werent skimpy with that. The sauce was just meh but what bothers me is when you give someone noodles that had some pieces dried out from sitting. Shrimp mezzaluna - this was just alright. I didn't like the pre cooked shrimp but the ravioli was fine. 

We get a dessert to share and got a black tie chocolate cake which was decent enough, like buying cheesecake from Costco. 

Generally speaking I feel their staff tends to be friendly, sometimes overly. They hire the "jazz hands" types, but I far rather have someone really zippy than being served by someone who looks so disinterested. Our gal was that Glee club upbeat, but was also on point with taking care of our needs. 

Best part of the meal? Salad, breadsticks and peach ice tea. I think maybe I should really just come for that if I'm feeling a bit nostalgic. 

Olive Garden isn't horrible unedible food, but it isn't by any stretch great. I feel like it was definitely better years ago, and better at locations that's been operating for a long time like the one my gramps went to.  I noticed the prices without the meal deal and they are higher now. $15 for pasta gets you handmade pasta, handmade sauce at a local place vs something a bit more generic. It's the age old question of what you value in food- quality or quantity? You'll have plenty of left overs here. Stick to the special 2fers, bottomless pasta, lunch time specials to at least get it at a price closer to what it's worth.笑
Unfortunately, I had a terrible experience at this location. This past weekend, I submitted an order online, to pick up curbside To-Go, around 9pm. My order pick up time was 9:40pm. My family and I showed up about 5 mins early and parked in the designated To-Go parking spots. At about 9:55, we were still sitting there waiting, and no one had even bothered to come out to say anything/bring out our order/collect payment, etc. My mom went inside to see what was going on, only to be greeted by some rude lady, who told her they didn't do To Go orders after 9pm(which was news to me, or we would've just gone inside initially) and she didn't even see our car on the monitor anyway (which was a complete lie, because my mom said she could see my car on the monitor just fine). My mom asked if she could please just get our order, so we could be on our way, and it STILL wasn't even ready... an hour+ later. When we got home and took everything out, I opened the Alfredo dipping sauce I had ordered to go with our breadsticks, and to my surprise, there was maybe a whopping 2-3 tablespoons of sauce ($4) in the giant sauce container. Needless to say, I was super disappointed, as this Olive Garden is super close to my house, but I  will not be returning to this location. I'd rather make the drive over to the one on Cheyenne.笑
We went there last night (Thursday ) for dinner. I ordered a tour de Italy with tortellini. Not only did it take 30ish minute for us to get our food, despite not being very busy, my tortellini were still cold with lukewarm sauce poured over top. The other pasta dish was also cold despite the fact that my husbands came out piping hot. I told our waitress and she didn't seem to care too much, she basically said deal with it. Considering I couldn't eat two of the items I ordered I'm pretty ticked I spent 20$ on a plate. We won't be going back here again.

Update: I called the next day and spoke with the manager Leslie. She was understanding, helpful, and on top of addressing the issue. She made it clear that the food and service we reviewed was unacceptable and she corrected the issue. We intend to go back shortly and I will definitely ask for Leslie if I have any problems! Thanks Leslie!笑
So sad that such a well-established brand can be so poorly run.  We'd read the bad reviews of this brand-new Olive Garden, but went to try it anyway.  At 4:45 PM on a Wednesday afternoon, we were seated promptly in a virtually empty restaurant.  TONS of staff in evidence.  Waited 15 minutes for someone to come check on us, take our drink/appetizer orders.  Nothing.  No one.  We walked out, went next door to the Red Robin and had a fabulous experience there.  What is this place (Olive Garden) thinking???  Is every waiter a lazy POS?  SO sad.  Never again.笑
While the food was adequate what made this such a great experience was our server. Our server was Sunday and she did an absolutely amazing job and was one of the best servers we've ever had at any restaurant. Thank you for the service.笑
I think this place may be overlooked at times due to it being a chain Italian restaurant. But honestly they do it right each and every time I go, always consistent. The service is fantastic every time, and a manager always touches our table to see how things are going. The salad dressing and breadsticks can't be beat! My personal favorite is the Alfredo sauce; not greasy or thick as mud, just perfect! 

My only con is that its always busy, like even on a Monday lol. But we have learned to make a reservation笑
"Let's go to Olive Garden" was NEVER in my vocabulary, it was always disappointing as far as food goes. However, at this location I received excellent customer service for a to-go order. While my card was being run, I observed the bored-looking, folded-armed bartenders before the rush and the really nice decor. The calamari I ordered was on the tough side, but the fried mozz was good. The stuffed mushrooms have an odd taste that's more masked by the stuffing; they're recommendable but they're not rave-worthy. If you love Olive Garden, go to this location for the exceptional and respectful service.笑
This Olive Garden is usually the one we go to the most. Considering that it's the closest and we always get really good & friendly service here. We always start off with a salad. We always ask for extra cheese & they happily provide it! Also, we always get an Alfredo dipping sauce for the breadsticks! It's worth it! This time, I got the shrimp Alfredo. It was delicious. Although, they forgot to put my sun-dried tomatoes in the mix. The other people I was with got the shrimp scampi which was really delicious as well. For dessert, the waiter highly recommended the pumpkin cheesecake. We didn't particularly like it. We should have gotten our usual Tiramisu! That's the one you can never go wrong with! You live and you learn! We still love this location and we will probably come here the next time we crave olive garden!笑
Great customer service! There new lunch special is amazing and so feeling! Everytime I go there with my family we always enjoy all the kindness and our wait may be a little wait but it's definitely worth all it! Never a disappointment!笑
Austin, our server in the bar area had a great sense of humor, knowledgeable on wine, & the menu.  He made us laugh & the table behind us, was helpful also to the other server in the area who needed help.  

Undecided on wine, he brought the bottles & a few glasses for us to try so that we could pick the right wine.  Offering suggestions as well on all items.  He also let us know that the trivia games were $1.99.  On that same iPad is a beverage & food menu, also at the end you can pay & split the check.

Mom & I split a spicy new appetizer, Crispy Chicken Ravioli Supremo, salad, breadsticks & Jeff C. got the unlimited soup Chicken & Gnocci is the best & salad, which is always excellent!  Also you can try any soup, unlimited.

Our app was split, which was nice of them & had nice spicy cherry peppers, crunchy ravioli filled w/ chicken, mozzarella, topped w/ homemade meat sauce & alfredo. 

Overall, Austin went above & beyond & even though I haven't been to N Olive Garden in years, I will be back to this one because of his service.笑
Salad is good but that Olive Garden ya know! The bread sticks were burned and hard. Have to say though my hubby and I both got the endless pasta bowl. Mistake. The sauce was null... Almost none so I asked for a little more and just now the waiter brought us one on those boat things of sauce... Bear in mind that it took 13 minutes to get the sauce. Pasta is ice cold. Ill just take it home and heat it in the microwave.Right now I'm thinking that sauce boat better not be on my check...I didn't need a whole darn boat of sauce...good it's not. In all I will just drive the distance to go to the rainbow location!!笑
Ate here the other evening with some out of town family members. Justin was our server and what a pleasure. He really offered great suggestions from appetizers to our entrees into our desserts. It was a great dining experience for all of us.笑
The food was very good,fresh and hott.best part was the service.our waiter max was very attentive but not over bearing.he made sure our food was brought out together so our family of six was eating together.kept an eye on our drinks.this was by far the best service I've experienced in some time.once again,this dude Max was on point and I would recommend this location based off of the very great and pleasant experience.笑
Linex was our server and he is amazing!  Our glasses were never empty. He wasn't without a smile and a chuckle every time we saw him. He made our experience pleasant. This restaurant made a good decision in having him on board. Thanks Linex!笑
Service was horrible and she kept forgetting our table. I ordered no onions on the salad and it was served to the table next to us. My food came out very dry and not hot and that's not acceptable at all. Our waitress didn't come over to our table to check on us I had to get a refill from someone else.
Overall a horrible experience笑
My wife loves Olive Garden and I've always thought it was mediocre but we went there for our anniversary on a Monday night. It was busier than most restaurants and they said it would be a 20 min wait. We were seated within 10 and we had the best server! If you go there ask if Lynwood is working bcuz he was fantastic. Very attentive and knew the menu well. This new location is slightly quieter than the one on Cheyenne as well. We will surely be going back soon.笑
My absolute favorite! We come here all the time for our after church lunch date. Food is always on point and service is more than excellent. I usually order the five cheese ziti that comes with the fagoli soup with a peace tea. This place never fails!笑
Since my last review I've been back a couple times with no complaints. Fast and friendly service and delicious entrees and can't forget the unlimited salad and breadsticks with the meal. 5 stars笑
I just love there zuppa toscana soup. The salad is also great. Not really a big fan of there new tomato garlic sauce didn't really have much flavor. They are very consistent on how they make their breadsticks one day it's warm and soft the next it's barely warm and hard笑
It was doing a good business at 2:30 this afternoon, response from server seemed a bit slow but also looked like he was stretched a bit thin handling quite a bit of area.  The linguini marinara is tasty wheat pasta and sauce quite good, and portion fairly large. The spaghetti with meat sauce was also very good. For the first time in recent history our breadsticks were very fresh and right out of the oven. The salad seemed fresher today also...not that it's ever been bad.  I had sat my empty glass out to see how long it took to get the raspberry lemonade refilled & the waiter had to be asked for a refill when he came by and asked how we were doing.  Had he been paying attn it should have been apparent.  My guest had iced tea and her glass was about half full bit was not offered a refill. Fortunately she hadn't wanted more anyway.  Usually the refill is automatic and rarely do I need to request. Picky picky I know!  Our meals here are 9 times out of 10 tasty with good service. I'll put this one down to a good meal as well.笑
Extremely,  pleasantly surprised.   I had written off this chain years ago but a gift card from my mother in law brought us in.  The service was amazing!   2 people strategically checking on us and a manager that made his round as well.  Our 3 year old ate his food (wonderful flexibility), I went out on a limb ordering the Pappardelle Predators.  It has seafood and I am extremely picky having lived on the coast.  All of our meals were excellent and we even ordered deserts to go. (Sooo full)  and they looked great.笑
I love going here on a Friday or Saturday night. It's busy and wait is usually 30 minutes. So I just go sit at the bar and have a great meal and chat with the bartender. They give you VIP service and really treat you right.  Not big into chain restaurants but this one worth your time.笑
I have been to many Olive Gardens, but this one just failed the night I went out to eat with my boyfriend... First of all our waiter gave us super hot plates for our COLD salad???? What? You don't do that. Second, she rarely checked on us and she said she would fill our drinks but never came back to do so... so we paid on the electronic thingy and left. We were pissed at the strive especially after having to wait 55 mins to eat. Just a very bad server that night :( We love coming here though because its a great date night and very close to our house笑
Ambiance: 2 - Now a ton of the families/middle school/high school crowd eat here. It's crazy noisy and a huge racket. It's ideal to sit in the 21+ section! 

Service: 1 - Girls at the front can be just not attentive. They don't even pay attention to who comes in and even skip over people in line. Sometimes your buzzer doesn't even go off when it's supposed to, and they alternate between using buzzers and calling names at the same time. It gets confusing and infuriating. Just pick one way to let people in. 

As for table server, it really depends on the person that you receive because I've had really bad service from older servers and good service from a younger, Asian guy which I can't remember his name! He was really great and even gave my friend a different thing to try when she was unsatisfied with her food. 

Food: 3 - Food comes out hot and good. Cheese Ravioli and white wines are still some of my favorite things to eat and drink, even though it's just average. I would say these dishes at OG are some of my guilty pleasures really!笑
I have to say this was the worst visit I have ever encountered at Olive Garden. Chicken was dry. Potatos were not cooked correctly. Food came late drinks not served correctly.  Come on we ordered tea nothing fancy and serve me flavored tea. I would rather drive to the Cheyenne and Rainbow. Figured this location being newer would have better service and the food prepared terrible.笑
I think Olive Garden is going downhill in general (too many heavy dishes/dishes with cheese in them) but the service was good.  I had the cucina mia white wine and garlic over angel hair.  The sauce was much thicker and cheesier than the other location I normally eat at - not to my taste.  Had the sicilian cheesecake with strawberry, good but still quite frozen.  Also appreciated the warning about paying for the games.笑
Tiffany was an AMAZING server! She knew my boyfriends grandparents by name and already had their drinks on the table by the time we sat down. 
I love going to places where I feel at home and where the whole party is treated like family! Thanks Tiffany!笑
We love Olive Garden!!!  We visited on Mothers Day and just this past Wednesday.  We had Jason both times along with someone else.  Ask for Jason...he's an amazing server!!!笑
We visit this location often. They are usually able to check you in quickly and get you seated.  The servers are well trained and efficient so food will be in your belly quickly.  The food is standard Olive Garden offering's with deals and specials being offered through there email and text programs. I recommend signing up to see if any deals might influence you to check out this location.笑
Nice restaurant! And service is good, but food is overpriced and bland!! No flavor! 
As an Italian, I know what good Italian food tastes like, and this isn't it. 
*Side Note: The Lazy Dog restaurant in Summerlin is NOT even an Italian restaurant yet their Pasta is SO much better and filled with flavor compared to Olive Garden!!!* 
"Unlimited Breadsticks" Didn't feel like it! Will not be coming back.笑
We used Olive Garden to cater our wedding reception.  The food was amazing and they did such a great job setting everything up.  My guests loved the food and it disappeared fast!  The only down side is they really do need more meat in the pasta station.  We ran out very early.笑
The food is good but these 5 stars go to our server Hayley N. She took really good care of us. She always kept coming to check on us to make sure everything was ok. She always topped off our drinks.笑
3 stars because our waitress was very nice.  Our appetizer was the only part of the meal that was not messed up. Literally everything else, check included, was messed up. Probably will not be back to this location. Always have issues笑
Great experience here tonight! We came here the night after Valentines Day to avoid the crowds associated with actual Valentine's Day. We were immediately seated in the bar area and received our drinks and meals promptly. The bartender was very nice and attentive. I was especially pleased with their soup....some kind of dumpling soup. Excellent!笑
Never really impressed with this location. Always great service, but the restaurant is disgusting and filthy. Our table had crumbs all over it, the walls were soo gross and dirty, food all over the floor, the menu had crust smeared all through it, and also the electronic ordering machine that sits at the table has crust from food all over the screen.