This place is just great!  I have been here three times as of this review but each time I leave I am left thinking 'what a nice little shop'.  Usually the owner of the shop is there asking questions about what you're looking for. On my last visit however there was another staff member there and she was just as pleasant. 

I asked for samosas which they had; already cooked in the fridge.  She also showed me the frozen samosas that they carry as well; I bought a box to try!

The reason that I stopped there that day was for their goat meat.  It is well priced at about $7.00 or $8.00 per pound and it cooks really well.  They also have some veggies that I have picked up on previous visits.

When it was time to be rung up, the cashier gave me some sample cookies but also shared with me that the owner of this shop recently opened Minerva Indian Restaurant by Middleton.  This was a pleasant surprise as I have always had a positive experience at that place as well.

There are a decent amount of specialty stores like this in the city; especially in this area.  This place will however serve as my go to as they have consistently provided great quality products and service!笑
PROS: Great variety of Indian spices, legumes, frozen foods, and snacks
CONS: Not everything is price-tagged

Whenever we run out of spices, or want to stock up on some frozen naan, we come to India House. The staff is very friendly, and the store is small but organized. On weekends, they have fresh-from-the-kitchen samosas for $1 each --- which, obviously, is the best thing ever! Sometimes, I dream about the samosas in my sleep.笑
This place has a great selection of things you won't find in a regular grocery store, and the staff were very friendly.笑
This is an excellent South Asian grocery, a little roomier and a lot cleaner than most.  They have products from Sri Lanka, Tamil Nadu, and Kerala, which isn't that common.  They also have some Indian cooking and serving ware at reasonable prices. Nice selection of Indian taste snacks and sweets, good selection of frozen goods, convenient parking lot.  The owner has a doctorate, which would be surprising in any other town, but here I wonder if it's a requirement.笑
Just went here yesterday to buy some paneer and just noticed today, while opening the package, the expiration  date for both of them was July 22 2014...I'm pretty sure that that's not legal. So if you shop at the India House may want to check the expiration before buying.