I used to come frequently until one day the food became inedible. Today, after more than a year, I decided to give it another try. Warm pop, inedible taboule salad and ok shawarma.笑
Honestly it's a pass on this place. The lentils in the rice were pellets. The chicken was flabby and fatty. The fresh coleslaw was inedible with the over abundance of vinegar. The potatoes were cold and mushy. The falafel being freshly cooked were good. But everything else was garbage. Sorry to say this. But this place is not worth your time笑
Villa Madina uses the same space as the Thai express which I eat at frequently. Today I felt like a Greek/Mediterranean salad with chicken and remembered it was there. This place offers up heaping plates of food for the $8-10 mark. Plates consist of rice, salad and potato and your protein as per any prototypical Mediterranean restaurant but all I want is salad and protein (in my mind I think this shouldn't be a problem). Well low and behold if I want a salad and chicken I need to buy the salad package $9 and have to add chicken $3.50. Now I get potato and rice are starches and are much cheaper than fresh greens and their like but why I couldn't have a salad with chicken at the same price point as any of their other dishes was beyond me. They had a 2 skewer meal that was $11. if I had wanted my salad with two skewers I would have had to pay $16. I'm sorry half a salad is not worth the extra $5. When I questioned their logic I am advised  "in this day and age you always have to pay more". Thanks but no thanks. I don't know how good/bad their food is but their service sucks笑
I come here often one thing I love is the portioning of the food ... The food is good and a good environment to dine... Only concern is the menu only designed for one person, they should incorporate something for the family... This will also yield an increase in traffic for dinner time. I think its reasonably priced and I feel that the portions are quite large and filling. Their salads are usually very fresh and the service is also good.笑
Half of our party had the Thai Express next to this QSR and two of us ordered a couple of dishes from here. 

Had a Falafel sandwich and a Falafel plate. The sandwich was ok and the plate a bit better. The sandwich dry and falafels too well done on both the plate and sandwich. One more minute in the fryer and it would have been burned. 

The platter came with tabbouleh salad, potatoes and lentil rice. The salad was good, the potatoes well fried but the garlic sauce was a big let down. The potatoes were spiced!  The rice lacked flavour and as mentioned the falafels too well done.