The absolute worst.
Went with family and had a horrible experience. 
Food was not cooked to order, took over 20 minutes to get steak warmed up for one diner, chicken was burnt, waiter never came around. Meal took over 2 hours. Will never go againǾ
I always have loved the milestone chain. Went there today. Speedy, friend service. The meatloaf dinner was awesome !!!Ǿ
Had pesto penne pasta last night. .absolutely horrible. Had to be 15 to 20 pcs of whole cloves of garlic in a tasteless sauce. .Ǿ
Best in town for brunch and  family time. Great food.. eggs benny my fav. and my kids also love to go to this place. Its clean , staff is friendly.  Great tasting food. Def. be back.Ǿ
The service is good.  The ambiance is reasonable.  One should stick to the standard North American cuisine, though.  The Thai noodle dish is not good.  The Cajun dish is marginally better.Ǿ
Went to Milestones for lunch with my wife. We had 3 appetizers, a Caesar salad and a soup ... for $50!!!!  For appetizers, we had the calamari steak strips, crispy honey phyllo shrimp and bocconcini garlic bread, which were all quite good. However, $50 for lunch (no drinks) is a bit pricey.Ǿ
I went there for my Birthday. It was the best hamburger I have ever had! My mom says it is her favorite restaurant. We will go backǾ
Great drinks as usual, great appetizers. Service was friendly and attentive to my food allergy, which some places aren't. I appreciated that. Milestones is a good default chain restaurant if you were to do chain restaurants.Ǿ
In celebration of my Aunts 90th Birthday we all met at Milestones in Whitby., I have to say the staff were all friendly and service was great. We started off with calamari and various dips while we chatted and had a few drinks. What to order so much to choose from on the menu. I had a Caesar salad and spicy Thai rolls. Basically a warm tomatoe wrap with chicken and jasmine rice. Very tasty. All good was fresh and hot. Milestones always tried and true.Ǿ
Had dinner here last week. The calamari dish has changed. No andouille sauce. Greasy calamari. No coke, only Pepsi. Rum and coke is not the same as rum and fountain Pepsi. The $32 ribeye was thin and tough. Could not eat. Thankfully, they did not charge me for the steak. Great mushroom soup. I used to be a fan of Milestones but no more.Ǿ
Good food and decent service. Good spot for 12 retired ladies to meet up for dinner. Allowed separate bills. For the most part the restaurant is accessible. Lots of parking too. My fries were over-seasoned but the rest of my meal was great. I had the steak frites. Also had the beet salad which was good.Ǿ
Very good surf & turf special, with a flatiron steak and lobster mashed red skin potatoes in a lobster sauce.  I was worried it would be light on the "surf" part, but was pleasantly surprised by large pieces of lobster in the mashed potatoes and very creamy lobster sauce with more lobster meat.Ǿ
Against my better judgement, when my boyfriend decided he wanted to try Milestones for dinner, I went along with it. I had an absolutely horrible experience at the Scarborough location (not once, but TWICE), but I figured it could just be that location and figured I'd give it a try.

We came in on a Tuesday night and it wasn't very busy so we were sat in a booth right away, a little too close to the door for my liking, but what can you do ;) Our server came by and took a drink order while we poked around at the menu. I wasn't really sure what I felt like and I think my bf was a little unsure of the menu but eventually we figured it out - he ordered the lamb and a caesar salad to start and I ordered the scallops main.

Our server brought out the caesar first and since I can't resist caesar I fully stole some - and HOLY GARLIC. Wow... thank god both of us had some or I wouldn't have been able to go near him later that  night. So much garlic that I had a few bites and didn't want anymore. When our server came to pick up the mostly empty bowl, we commented on how overly garlicky it was and he just said 'oh yeah our caesar is really garlicky' and walked away. I'm sorry but when the garlic BURNS the the tip of your tongue (that unpleasant garlic burn) that's TOO MUCH garlic. 

My main arrived, scallops on a bed of jasmine rice with curry and some veggies and it was pretty good. It wasn't fantastical but it was good. I think I was expecting bigger and better quality scallops. Given, I had at least 6 or more on my plate, but for that kind of dish, with the presentation they had, I would have preferred 3/4 larger scallops with the dish. I don't know that I'd order it again though, it just didn't rock my boat. The lamb didn't look all that wonderful when it arrived. Our server had gone on about how it was Canadian lamb and that made the taste different - my boyfriend didn't comment on that- but we both were expecting a chop, not a piece of loin. Perhaps its specified on the menu but I know he was really disappointed in his dinner and frankly, looking at his plate, I was too.

A few notes about the service here: when your customers comment that there's something excessive about the taste of a dish (to a fault), don't just brush it off. This is one of my biggest pet peeves with the entire Milestones franchise. You're happy to charge us prices for premium food (which I have no problem paying) but when I bring up a concern, your servers don't give a crap about it. Poor service that will keep me from ever going back to a Milestones and should keep you (the reader) away as well. As well, while our server seemed friendly at the beginning, he seemed to be forcing it, and I've seen that before with Milestones. I don't like it when people try to fake conversation or be friendly with me when they don't want to. He also seemed insanely distracted, whenever we were speaking to him, he was checking out his other tables. 

Overall, for over $70 for the two of us, the experience and the food wasn't worth it. I would have been happier going to a lower end restaurant that I know I'll get good food at and paying a fraction of the price for it. It was a nice meal for a date, good atmosphere and whatnot, but the whole experience was seriously lacking, especially on the food - and I came there to eat, I won't be going back. Take your money to the Keg for a great meal or head on over to Montanas or Jack's for some good food at reasonable prices.Ǿ
My husband and I have been coming to Milestone's for years - it's where we have celebrated our anniversary for the past 10 years.
Tonight we came for a date night. Our first turn off was the sign outside the restaurant had two of the letters burnt out. For a restaurant of Milestones calibre I thought that was in poor taste.
The restaurant was not even half full which seemed odd for a Saturday night at 8:30 - another bad sign.
My husband and I both settled on the Prime Rib only to be told it was sold out.
The service was ridiculously slow. Every single course took way too long to come out - especially dessert.
The kicker was the Chocolate Ganache Torte which has been my fav dessert here for years. They changed the crust and the caramel sauce and its just not the same - I didn't enjoy it.
Unfortunately this is my second consecutive bad experience at this location. 
I think we'll be looking for somewhere else to celebrate our anniversary this year!!Ǿ
It's a chain, so you're going to get the typical box-store-restaurant experience. But at least this version is above average.

The service is very friendly, and other than being slow to refill drinks, is more than efficient. If you avoid alcohol the bill will be quite reasonable.

The food is good, I had an amazing burger and went for the "Mayan" option which includes an avocado relish topping. Worth the extra money. The fries are ok, but tend towards the disappointing side rather than the wow-factor. Too oily and not soggy in a good way like you would find in an English chip-shop.Ǿ
Very nice atmosphere. Food is good but pricey in terms of quality and portion. There was a fly flying around during the dinner tho. For a restaurant like this, there shouldn't be any flies around. I would say the dinner is good but not at top notch. Service is okay.Ǿ
We ate here tonight.  Wife and daughter wanted the Porto mushroom chicken and it is a milestones classic.  We tried to get a reservation and they told us the manager said no 'cause we were a larger party - 5?? - restaurant was 2/3 full and they sat us in the bar.  Our server was great. 
Ordered the Thai curry chicken and the server said it wasn't up to standards and ask the kitchen to make another.  When it arrived it was still not good.  Not a lot of chicken, starchy rice and general lack of flavour. My son had the steak and also said it was bland. 

Great service, bad reservation system, and beyond the standards very average food.