I ordered the Texas taco to-go... As soon as the Styrofoam container came out of the smith's grocery bag I knew it was not going to be a good experience... The container was microwaved burned. I do not use a microwave especially with a Styrofoam container. SICK! I did not even eat it. What a waste.
Yet friendly staff :)
Never going back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
The restaurant just opened late July 2012 or a couple days ago.

Located on the SW corner of Warm Springs and Marks. Inside the Sears parking lot close to Denny's., It's small around 1200-1500 square feet.

The hours are 10:30 am - 9 pm Monday thru Saturday and closed on Sunday.

Plenty of parking in front and around the restaurant.

I saw the grand opening banner and thought I'd stop in thinking it might be and upgraded Roberto's or something and like the Red Hots name (kinda sexy).

Ok I'll preface this all with its a brand NEW place.
So we went in and the tables weren't set up to well so not sure if we order and sit or sit and get served. So the lady said to sit and they'll get our order. I got up and got menus which are pretty simple and limited.

The decor didn't say Mexican other than the Mexican flag and s sombrero on the wall. They should add some flair, spanish music or atmosphere if you want some ambiance or good vibe flowing.

The waitress brought some crispy tortilla chips and a purée kinda salsa sauce. They both kinda tasted like I feel store bought would taste - just blahhh

I ordered drinks and they had canned sodas and the jarritos drinks which I like. They were out of all but orange jarritos so I made the executive ORANGE decision. We'll have 2.
We ordered some of the lunch specials:
1. 3 tacos chicken or beef. Uhmm chicken, oh we don't have any chicken right now. So I consulted with my magic 8 ball, shook it hard and it said BEEF.  They were soft tacos and use shredded beef.
2. Fajita burrito again my choice of beef or beef. I rolled with BEEF because I was there.

So I asked if they had guacamole. She said yes but not right now it wasn't made. It seemed like a big deal so I didn't push to get it but I was just trying to get some variety and help generate some revenue for a new female owned business.

IMPORTANT***TASTE - food tasted good and was presented in a home style plating. They used real silverware and glasses to drink. No plastic.

Prices seemed very reasonable for what was served. 

Ok, grand opening I'm thinking ready for action. Not so much but I hope they get it together and succeed.

Maybe I jumped the gun and it's new new. 
I may give it another run when they get settled in.笑
The staff was very Nice!!

Now the review 

For just opening they really need to get some help on how a restaurant should run.

In this day and age and all the cooking shows on T.V. You really know what to look for. When you hear the microwave just after ordering your food you can bet it's not going to be a good experience. 

I had the ( Texas Taco ) ??? Under seasoned meat in a Luke warm microwave floor tortilla. They need to remove Texas from the menu as it's an embarrassment to the state!! The rice was ok and the beans ( scant) needed some lard for flavor.

The chips ( stale ) salsa could use some heat and spice. 

 20 bucks for two I think was over priced compared for what we had. I don't plan to return and if they don't get it together they won't be their long. I was really hoping that we had a decent Mexican place near by unfortunately I was wrong.