I have been to this restaurant many times and have always had a great experience. Don't let the fact that it is next to a big lots deter you from going! Sushi is great and hibachi too. Sometimes they even post groupons!Ǿ
The worst Hibachi dinning experience I have ever had. The service was non- existent and the food was horrible. If you like food floating in oil and soy sauce, this is the place to go. Yuk!Ǿ
I went here with my sister.  We ordered sushi takeout and hands down it was the best sushi I have eaten. The service was amazing, they were friendly and fast. We did not wait to have our order taken and the place was beautiful and clean. Will definitely be eating here again.Ǿ
Still love coming to this place. The hibachi us fresh and tasty! Love the show from the cooks. Groupon helps pay for some of our meals, too. Can't understand the people who don't like it. I've been coming here for a couple of years and have never had a bad experience. Will return again and again, although we no longer live close it's worth the drive.Ǿ
Love this place for sushi. You must try the American Dream Roll! You'll thank me later, I promise.Ǿ
A bunch of us ladies met here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We were seated, and the server took our drink orders.  I was among the first to request water, but it was not brought to me.  I tried to  flag the server down twice, but she must have been hard of hearing because she did not acknowledge me.  Same when I ordered a second glass of wine.  I did eventually receive both wine and water, but it took a lot of effort on my part.  Same inattentiveness when giving us our bills at the end of our night.  The sever was not rude.  In fact, she was quite sweet but seemed disorganized and dingy.
Wednesday night was BOGO sushi.  Some of us opted for that and others requested the hibachi meal.  The chef was engaging and creative.  The ones who ordered the hibachi meal seemed pleased with their food.  Opting for sushi, I got the Dynamite and the Green roll.  Both outstanding!
I would give a higher rating based on the food alone, but I felt that I had to work too hard to get proper service.Ǿ
Sunday was my first time eating at Fujimi. I was really excited about eating here. I'm a huge foodie who especially appreciates the artistry and craft of culinary. After seeing the pictures on yelp and urbanspoon, I had to try! I expected the nice presentation that is shown in these pictures. Sadly, I was really disappointed (by both the presentation and the overall flavor). We had:

Appetizers: 
Beef Tataki and Wasabi Peppered Tuna
Both were very delicious.

Sushi:
The Angry Dragon (Specialty Roll), Rainbow Roll and Eel/Avocado Roll
The Angry Dragon was decent. The baked crab on top of the roll was very savory. I was particularly unimpressed by the Rainbow Roll. The Rainbow Roll is my "go-to" roll when I can't decide at a sushi restaurant. It's practically impossible to mess up this roll since it is just a california roll with salmon, tuna and  yellowfish on top. Sadly, the roll was bland and boring (which never happens! .. when I had it elsewhere anyway).

Dessert:
Green Tea Ice Cream
Always delicious!

On to THE SERVICE. 
I asked our waitress to bring Unagi sauce and sriacha with our sushi (I like dipping my sushi in these sauces instead of soy sauce and wasabi). Well, she brought out the sushi and asked me what the sauces were again. After about 5-10 minutes, I didn't see the waitress so I figured she got caught up doing something else. I didn't want to eat the sushi by itself so I went up to the sushi chefs. I was then told that I should ask my server. I replied that I did ask her, but I don't see her. He repeats "Ask the waitress" which makes no sense since he's the sushi chef and he has the sauces. Our waitress was sweet and I'm sure she had nothing to do with the inconvenience, but I was pretty annoyed.

Overall, the sushi was mediocre, but I enjoyed the appetizers and dessert. To be honest, after trying the appetizers I thought "This is delicious! I have to come back here" but the sushi experience and the "commotion" I stirred up with the sauces swayed me otherwise.Ǿ
I've been here a few times now.  No consistency with service or food.  I took friends who wanted yummy hibachi only to get there and be told it was closed.  The food and terrible service we got was so embarrassing, I called the manager the next day, and his response was "oh yea?...  well that shouldn't have happened, but I can't be here 24 hours a day..."  

We won't be returning.Ǿ
Had a groupon, so me and my friend ordered a ton of sushi. It was all pretty good.Ǿ
Wife and I had dinner here after buying a groupon. Service was quick, efficient and friendly.   We each ordered a hibachi dinner and received miso soup and ginger salad - both excellent. Our dinners were even better. Had chicken and steak, both were delicious. No typical 'yum-yum' sauce like I'm familiar with at other hibachi places, but was provided ginger And a 'shrimp sauce' which was similar to yum yum but different - I was hesitant but ended up liking the sauce quite a bit. We both enjoyed the brown rice and delightfully surprised by the addition of lo mein as another side. 

recommend, and will be returning.Ǿ
I love Fujimi! I've eaten in the dining room and on the side where they cook in front of you. It is always clean. The staff is very nice and accommodating, and the food is wonderful. They also have the best sushi in Charlotte! The owner, Wayne, always comes by your table to say hi and to make sure you are enjoying your meal. It's great to eat at a place where the staff really seems to care about your dining experience. I highly recommend trying Fujimi.Ǿ
Hibachi food here was really good.  The chef was entertaining as well.  

Owner coming by was nice touch however, it was a little awkward.  He asked how everything was but didn't seem to know what else to say.  He just stood in front of us looking at us like he didn't know what else to do.  So, we just continued eating while he stood there.  Also, there was no soy, salt or pepper on the table.  Thought that was a little odd.  Otherwise, great place!Ǿ
I came here for the first time tonight with a friend who had praised Fujimi as a "must go to" place among the sushi restaurants in Charlotte, I was skeptical but happy to see if she was right in her assumption.  
On arrival we were welcomed by cheery hostesses who seated us right away at the sushi bar, where we wanted to sit in the first place.  Barely a few minutes later we were promptly greeted by our server Melissa.  The entire night Melissa helped us figure out what would suite our taste in sushi as well as giving us suggestions of her own favorite dishes, her service was fantastic and I would gladly request for her to serve us again!
Since we sat at the sushi bar we were given the advantage of seeing our sushi prepared and handed to us after preparation.  Yoshi, one of the chefs, was a joy to talk to throughout our meal and the sushi he created was delicious and gorgeous to look at.  We ordered the Yoshi, Sunset Blvd, and Out of Control signature rolls, among other sushi rolls.  All I highly recommend if you like sushi with many layers of ingredients. 
We overheard many large parties in the hibachi area of the restaurant having a blast as well so I would say both large and small parties are appreciated by the nice staff the prices are very descent for the level of service and delicious food.
My whole first experience eating at Fujimi was 100% positive and I look forward to eating there again very soon!Ǿ
The food is decent, but not spectacular like I have had other hibachi places because the portions are not small but not large either- perhaps just the right amount. As well, although the flavor is good, it's not as great as other hibachi's I have tried. 

Despite the fact that the place has been close to empty the two times I have gone, the chef has been engaging, fun with a few new tricks, and very sweet. The staff was very nice as well. 

It is a decent place to go if you want some good Japanese food in a hibachi experience.Ǿ
Fumiji has the best Sushi hands down of anyone in the Charlotte area. I have been a huge fan of New Zealand Cafe for many years, which I still like, however I prefer eating at Fujimi much more. First of all, my husband and I love to order Sushi rolls that include some type of salmon. Fujimi's salmon is top quality and it literally melts in your mouth like butter. We do not use any sauces or ginger/wasabi so all we have to go on is the actually taste/quality of the fish. The head chef Yoshi has been so kind to us, always making special alterations since my husband has a soy allergy. I know, who eats at a Sushi place if they have a soy allergy. :-) Anyway, my favorite rolls are the Alaska Rolls and the Yellowtail Rolls. The last time we were there I tried a traditional Japanese Salmon appetizer that had a special homemade soy and wasabi sauce that was passed down to Yoshi by his father. Fujimi really will make you feel like family if you give them a chance. The service is always prompt and courteous. I can't imagine going anywhere else. This is truly a Charlotte gem.Ǿ
I had sushi on Monday night and thought it was pretty good. I decided to come back on Friday and it was not only not good but the worst service I have had in years.
We were there at 8:00 pm and they were not too busy. We waited 20 minutes for a drink and 30 minutes for three sushi rolls all of which fell apart. They were not tightly rolled and were just o.k.

Two tables around us walked out because no came to greet them nor took an order.
On top of the table behind us was an open bucket of sanitizer and rags. This is certainly something that should not be sitting next to tables that guests are eating on.

I had a groupon so when it was time for the bill I showed it to the server. She went to the manager and came back as asked to take my cell phone to view it. She was very insistent and very rude. I explained I was not handing over my phone but the manager can certainly come to us if needed. 

Well, I had to go to him and when I shared my frustrations with the evening he could care less.

Needless to say I will not be going back!Ǿ
So I visited some friends in Charlotte, and low and behold the sad news of our once favorite sushi joint is that it went down hill. But happy news, said friends have tried a new place, Fujimi, and it is (As one described it) Fabulous. The food is great. The sushi rolls are a good size and very tasty. The hibachi is very good and you get a lot of food for your money, not just fried rice, but noodles as well as your meat and vegetables. Our waitress was great. She kept our drinks full, came and checked on us, answered questions to the best of her ability. We sat in the dinning room, but next time we will try the grill. 
If you go on Sunday's and frequent church, take your program and get 10% off. They also have a half price lunch for sushi. Seriously, we went for dinner. At our other place, I drop $35-$45 dollars easily. That night, only $27 with my drink, which is great knowing how expensive sushi is.

I beg of you, if you went and did not get great service, please try again. It may have just been an off day.Ǿ
Half price sushi night!  Ordered a variety of rolls and everything was fresh and delicious! Definitely a place to come back to when driving through or working in the area. 

Decor was simple but the food was worth it. Took off a star because the service was a little slow. For sushi this good though, id go get it from the sushi chef myself if needed!Ǿ
The location is great. The decor is so/so but that wasn't a bit deal to me. The restaurant was clean. The food was prepared well but a bit bland. It could be better, it could be worse.Ǿ
Chef Yoshi has left and the sushi has gone downhill. The sushi is not nearly as creative or fresh as before.Ǿ
Ordered takeout teriyaki tofu & sashimi dinner they forgot the soy sauce, no spoons for the miso soup. Overall the flavors were okay nothing too special. Next time I'll have to check my to go bag before leaving.Ǿ
It really is pretty good hibachi but it seems too obvious Everytime I go that corners are being cut. Maybe you have to be on a special list for them to cook in front of you for lunch but they always try to push you to the back area where the just bring out the food. When you go to hibachi you want the experience and it always tastes better too.
   I think the last time I went will be the last though. Went for dinner with a large group of 8 (perfect for a whole table right) but instead we were sat with 3 other people because obviously they don't have enough cooks even though there was only one other group in the place who they did the same thing to. Because of this we were basically partly on one side then the rest in a a straight line in between tables so we couldn't talk to each other. For $200 I expect more and so did the other table that was aggrivated as well. Ownership, please do yourself a favor and staff it like you are NOT going out of business and you should thrive.Ǿ
Great food! They only had one chef on duty so we had to wait. Other than that, the food was fabulous! And the chef was great and had a good sense of humor! Good atmosphere and great service.Ǿ
This was an ok hibachi grill. We were looking for something local that didn't have a huge wait for a Friday night.  The food was good. A little bland but we asked him to add some spices while cooking our Hibachi and it turned out great.  We were able to use a groupon so that was a good thing. Will definitely try this place again.  We also tried the combination sushi rolls. They were super yummy and reasonably priced!Ǿ
I come to this place once in awhile and never had a bad experience, though the service is somewhat slow even when it was not busy. The location is gloomy and kind of hidden away maybe that's why its not busy.Ǿ
Soooo happy!! This was my spot for excellent sushi when they were in Monroe (Ajimi). Now they are back with a new name and new look.. and even closer to where I live!! I am excited to drag my hubby here soon to try the hibachi since he loves the hibachi experience. Until then, I will be getting my take-out sushi as much as possible from Fujimi!Ǿ
Awesomely fresh fish - creative and experienced chef - friendly staff (with great personalities) - very cool place.Ǿ
Sushi is awesome here. Love the mountain roll.  Appetizers from the sushi bar are excellent as well.  I've tried almost all of them and haven't had a bad one yet.  Don't order the fried calamari. Is was bland and you only get a few rings.  Try to get Tiffany as your waitress.  She is good.Ǿ
Overall the food was decent. I had a mix of both sushi and appetizers. Not the best quality of sushi I've had, but not the worst either.

The one part I couldn't get over was the service. HORRIBLE SERVICE. It doesn't matter if the food is amazing or not, the thing that restaurants are supposed to sell is the whole experience. This was definitely not the best experience. We had to ask our server for things multiple times and they took forever to get us what we needed. There was only a few tables at the restaurant too, so definitely  no excuse for the bad service. 

My advice: GET THE FOOD TO-GO!Ǿ
Had dinner there last night. We had several sushi type items. All were very good. Service was fast and friendly. They had a special on Wednesday's with discounted items. A great deal!Ǿ
When we went a couple of weeks ago we were so entertained by the cook and the waitress was such a delight. We felt right at home. We sat at one of the Hibachi grills and devoured the Hibachi Chicken. It was so good and tender. Cooked perfectly as was the rest of the meal. Fun and delightful atmosphere with prices comparable to the area. 

We will return soon.Ǿ
Very good, waiter was nice. Kept on checking on us. Food was very tasty. Large side dishes.
Looked amazing when they came out.
I would come back. 
Kept up the Great workǾ
Food was quite greasy. The rice was really good. Staff was friendly. Fortunately had a Groupon coupon or I would've been very upset.Ǿ
Ate lunch here with a group.  Hibachi hicken was rubbery and had gristle, beef was not tender.  Sushi rolls seem to be the best option here.  Portions were adequate, service was good.  Not likely to go back, there are other places that are much better.Ǿ
This is one of those restaurants that feels like you're having dinner at a friends home. Very nice atmosphere with TV's on the wall and a nice clean bar.  Then the phone was amazing. So much flavor!  Definitely recommend. Definitely will be back!!Ǿ
This place is the jam! The food was good and our chef was great! It was refreshing to see some new "tricks" during the presentation, instead of the same old tired stuff. I'm going back tonight and I expect it will be fabulous again! Oh, and the prices felt cheaper than other hibachi places in town!Ǿ
I may increase the rating if I try the place again, but most I can give for this first visit is 3 stars (meaning OK).

Pros: The type of ginger they use is great.  Rolls were a good size.  Everyone was friendly.

Cons: Some of the pieces of fish were mush/liquid in nature, so didn't taste right, and I think may have made my tummy a little unhappy.  On one of my rolls, I asked if I could change the spicy sauce for eel sauce, and she said sure, but it came with mayonnaise on top instead, which I had to scrape off.  Then to make it worse, they charged me a dollar extra, even though she said it would be ok to change the sauce.  Not that a dollar is a big deal, but the principle of it it puts a bad taste on the experience.Ǿ
Always good food and service
I have been coming here since they open.
Fair price and a clean restaurantǾ
Our favorite spot for reasonably priced sushi in Charlotte! The sauces that are used to top the specialty rolls add flavors that I haven't seen in any other sushi restaurant. The Yoshi roll is loaded with good, fresh fish and again the sauce puts it over the edge. The Out of Control roll is another specialty roll with multiple sauces leading to great flavors.They also have hibachi and other Japanese dishes for those in the group that aren't interested in sushi.Ǿ
I popped in for lunch one day with my absurdly attractive girlfriend, I mean crazy hot, like super nova, New York pizza kind of shit....anyway, I digress.

The place was a little dark, a touch greasy if you will. The service was on par. We ordered some rolls , as was the lunch special. Our soup arrived shortly after...and meh. Watery uninspired miso. The rolls we ordered followed suit. It served as fuel to continue with the rest of our day, but that was it. bland and a bit rubbery. Honestly we could have just grabbed a packaged roll from Harry Teet's or something and it would have been the same.

I hope for their sake the menu is stronger than their sushi, or the future seems grim.Ǿ
Seriously the WORST hibachi ever. The food was ALL covered in soy sauce to add "flavor" it was so salty, just gross. And the chef.. he was SO RUDE, he had no personality at all, we went for my sons birthday and he didnt even interact with us.. i would go back to florida to have hibachi before returning. To top it off, we did have a groupon, so had to pay for the full price, larger portion dinner, no big deal... but the people who shared out table, who paid for early bird.. 1/2 the price, got all of the "extra" food (rice protein veggies) from the grill.  Oh, and the chef dropped most of my food into the sauce & the table.. terrible service, definitely wouldnt recommend or return.Ǿ
Where to begin...I ordered our food (take-out Hibachi) and told them, extra vegetables, hold the rice. When I got home, it was extra rice and not a vegetable in site. My bad, I should have checked but please explain to me why the chicken, steak and shrimp were so over cooked and dry? When you spend over sixty dollars, you have expectations! Everyone's dinner sucked. Perhaps it was just a crappy night, but I doubt I will be headed back anytime soon.Ǿ
I have to say I always have a great meal here.  Usually you go to Hibachi and the portions of the items that you choose are on the small side and the fried rice and vegetables are meant to make up for what you pay the prices for.  Fujimi is the exception.  The portions are great, the food is wonderful, as far as the talented and entertaining chefs, it seems as they all get better and better.  My favorite is the filet and shrimp.  The filet is done perfectly and a meal in itself, the shrimp are large and taste fantastic.  

We have had the opportunity to go to this restaurant a few times and I have got to say we will definite continue to go.  

I'm not sure what some of these other Yelpers are experiencing but it seems their low star rating have to do with problems from coupons which we have never had.Ǿ
This was the worst Japanese restaurant that I have ever been to. I will try to name the disappointments . The waitress got our orders wrong, she was so slow & in appropriately engaging with my children in our correcting of their manners. The chefs was rude in using "sexy" in front of my 2 young children while flirting with others at the table. He burnt the rice, used the volcano onion in our vegetables which tainted the taste with flaming alcohol., he was not able to cut the meat in bite size using his utensils ( either too large or too small). The 2  sauces did not taste very good. The long wait at lunch time was crazy for all of the tables set with people. Basically, if was cheap & it's placement next to the Big Lots was foreshadowing. I will never return. If you bought a coupon on line rotary it out, read the fine print. They wouldn't take it at lunch. I'll go back to Nakato from now on. Our favorite & worth the drive!.Ǿ
This will be my first Yelp review (intending to be the first of many).  Just to set the scene, My wife and I consider ourselves foodies and travel all over specifically to try different foods.  So, I would say our reviews should at least carry some weight.  To summarize our experience, this restaurant was so bad it inspired me to start leaving Yelp reviews!  Enjoy.

     We had Salmon skin salad, some sushi, rolls, chicken teriyaki, and an Udon soup.  Salmon skin salad was nothing more than extremely simple salad with some eel sauce on it and maybe some salmon skin.  Terrible tasting.  The rolls and sushi were mediocre tasting at best and the fish had that "fishy smell" that only poor quality sushi can.  Not to mention we noted, when leaving, that the bowls that hold the fish in the sushi bar has brown muck in the draining holes in the dish (Yuck!). Chicken Teriyaki tasted like the boiled a chicken breast to death and put some sauce on it and the Udon soup was the worst soup I'd ever had, I think.  It wasn't specifically awful tasting, meaning I didn't spit it out, but it simply was not good.  I would have enjoyed a $0.12 chicken Raman noodle cup much, MUCH more.  To be clear, we did finish the meal, but I'm not exaggerating any on this.  I really would've been happier if I'd saved myself $70 and the gross feeling I got after eating it and went with the Raman instead.

      Service wasn't particular bad, but you can hear the waiters/waitresses watching cell phone videos in the back area while you're eating and the host & hostesses were caught basically making out in the front area as we were leaving.  So....... nothing to write home about either.  We've given this place 2 or 3 shots since they've opened and its continually gone down hill.  The result is now this cesspool they call a restaurant.  

Maybe the Hibachi is good, but I doubt it.  If you have any reasonable expectations about food quality, heed my warning.  Save your money, go buy some Raman instead.Ǿ
We have tried sushi at a lot of places and this has been the absolute worst... They put far too much rice in their sushi rolls and rather than their tempura being a delicate fry, its heavy and greasy like a funnel cake batter. The cream cheese used is very thick and overly sweet almost cheesecake like... I have never seen a piece of sushi so big...

The calamari pieces are very big and heavily fried also... Not the small delicate or while pieces I'm accustomed to from a Japanese restaurant... The service was good and the restaurant was clean but we will not be coming back... That's why I give them two stars instead of one...Ǿ
Had the hibachi table. My salmon was gray in color BEFORE it was cooked. Salmon is supposed to be pink. After it was cooked, the fish was falling apart plus the cook put decided to slap it with a ladleful of teriyaki sauce to hide how awful it looked. Did I forget to mention that there was a smell? I WON'T BE RETURNINGǾ
Delicious hibachi and very friendly staff.  I was surprised it was not busy at all on a Saturday night for how good the food is.  Will tell my friends about it now I know there is a great local place to get hibachi rather than wait at one of the crowded chains.  My wife wanted to try the sushi because a friend said it's the best she's had around but since my wife is pregnant will have to wait.Ǿ
Try to use groupon here while we met 4 friends but however they said since we knew people at table we all couldn't use groupons. Keep in mind we were there on a Sat night and only two tables were used. Place was empty and probably because the rudeness of staff, no water refills, no personality cook and bland food.  Also veggies should not be served last after the the protein.  Go to NakatosǾ
Last night hubs and I ate at Fujimi. I think it was maybe the 3rd or 4th time we've eaten there. It lives in a strip mall/shopping center deal that also houses a Home Depot and Harris Teeter in Matthews. I'm not usually one for strip mall cuisine but we keep going back to Fujimi. 

The interior of the restaurant is absolutely nothing to celebrate or right home about. It's probably about what you'd expect based on location. It's a little run down and as far as you can get from glamorous. The people are really friendly though and the food is good. We used to hoof it all the way to Rivergate to eat at Fuji, swearing up and down it was the best hibachi in town. (I'm a child of Benihana to be honest, but we don't have one here.) I'm not a fan of some of the other major hibachi chains so it's hard for me to find something that stacks up to years worth of Benihana experiences. So Fuji used to be it, until suddenly it wasn't. It just flat out went downhill. It wasn't any better than Kabuto or any of the others and certainly not worth the drive from East Charlotte. 

So we decided to try Fujimi on a coupon. Every visit has been consistent. We always get the hibachi filet, which comes with the clear soup, salad, shrimp appetizer, noodles, fried rice and veg. The filet is always super tender and delicious. The soup, salad and shrimp taste like pretty much every other hibachi restaurant. The fried rice is JUST about right. Benihana puts chicken in theres so chicken-less hibachi fried rice still just feels alien to me. But aside from Benihana, it's tops. 

Basically, this isn't a romantic date night destination and it's not the kind of place you linger for a social evening out. Go here for fast, friendly service and really good hibachi.Ǿ
Fujimi had exceptional food though I was disappointed in the rice I got with my hibachi style steak and chicken. The rice tasted like a wet dog but everything else was good. Came here for an actual hibachi eating experience but unfortunately it is closed during lunch hours.Ǿ
BLAND / RUDE / BIT OVER-PRICED

A group of 5 had reservations for the hibachi section. We arrive a little late, and there is a couple across from us. After about 15 minutes we order appetizers and I order a beer. About 10 minutes after that the asian lady who greeted us at the door comes over and says that we would have to leave the hibachi section if we did not order soon bc we were holding up the couple who arrived there before us. WOW! Why don't you get off your rear and send a chef out there to cook these people's food, and let me and my family enjoy our dinner. What if we had left, would they have not served them? I thought the hibachi presentation came from just watching the chef cook, not one part cooking / one part entertainment. 

I don't care if you can balance an egg on a spatula. Just learn to cook. That would impress me the most. The grill was too hot, and not cleaned enough during the cooking so there was a lot cross contamination of flavors, if you want to call it that. The food is really bland. The food is not nasty, but it is bland and over-priced for the quality.  The cucumber rolls were not bad. The Blue Moon Ale, saved the dinner from being a total disappointment.  I thought the tossing of food and squirting Sake into a customer's mouth from a plastic ketchup bottle is really insulting. This place is not horrific, but that was my first, last and only $60 they will ever get. Live and learn. I wish I had just gotten up after the initial rudeness and walked across the street to Carrabas, but we all were wanting some really good hibachi, and this place did not deliver on that. If your idea of throwing plain raw meat and vegetables on an overly-hot grill is delicious, you'll love this place, don't forget your SPF, bc your eyebrows will be singed. A four foot flame, 2-1/2 feet from my family is not entertaining. It's dangerous, hot and uncomfortable.

*If it matters, the hibachi chef we had was really young. And also the couple at the table with us. The woman ate about 3% of her food. The man about 70% of his and neither got a 'take-out' box.Ǿ
We get sushi from here all the time and we really like it a lot. They have very yummy, creative rolls and none of them ever disappoint. We've had the hibachi as well and it's pretty good. The portions on the rice aren't as large as we've had other places but then we don't need to gorge ourselves like that anyway!Ǿ
My favorite sushi place! I love the specials they always have. We normally use a groupon! Also I love how you can choose dining room or where they cook in front of you!! Really nice staff!Ǿ
By far the absolute worst food we have ever had. We noticed it was empty for a Sunday night dinner time. We shouldve taken the hint. Old salad drenched in dressing. Noodles must have been cooked that morning because they were soggy and slimy. Sushi is cheap in price and taste. And the Yum Yum sauce was not yum at all. Just mayo. Wasted money and time. The waitress didn't bother to talk to the manager. Everyone is oblivious to the embarrassment they call food. Will never return.Ǿ
Seems like a nice restaurant. The atmosphere reminds me of someone's kitchen, homey. The menu had a lot of choices I ordered gyoza and wasabi shumai to start and about 20 pieces of sushi. The server was prompt with my sweet tea and a pair of chopsticks, I like him already. My sushi was excellent. The presentation of the food sets a very high bar to follow for the other sushi restaurants in Charlotte. The sushi chef came over to talk with me about why half of the salmon was fattier than the other pieces. He explained that there would be a taste difference as well. The difference was very subtle. Overall I very much enjoyed my lunch here today. They also had fresh uni. Uni seems to be something that most restaurants say they have until you order it and they tell you that it was all consumed. Fujimi's uni had a very subtle taste that leaves me wondering where it was harvested. I look forward to my next visit.Ǿ
Fujimi is hands-down my go-to place for awesome sushi. I've honestly never been served anything I didn't like, or would hesitate trying again. However, I only order the sushi (japanese-style) or sushi rolls. I have not tried the hibachi. 

I originally tried out Fujimi because of Groupon.. I am a Groupon addict! I am originally from New York, where standards of sushi are very high. I was pleased to find out the Yoshi (the head sushi chef) is from SoHo, NYC. Long story short... the sushi surpassed my expectations of "Matthews NC-sushi" big time. It is certainly top 3 best sushi I've ever had. I've gone back numerous times and their sushi is top-notch.

The restaurant has recently picked up more business because of the quality of food and presentation IMO. Matthews is probably not the first place you'll think of for great sushi, but after getting some here you might change your mind! 

My favorites are: Sumo roll, Ichi roll, American Dream roll, and Spicy-Salmon gyoza.Ǿ
There was nothing special about this hibachi place.  It wasn't bad nor great, just ok.  Our son enjoyed the show, but he enjoys it art every hibachi place.  There was no wait for a Friday dinner which was nice.Ǿ
I visited Fujimi after a client recommended it to me after learning of my weekly visits to another sushi bar, farther away! Now I visit Fujimi's Yoshi, every week! Not only is the sushi and sashimi of the highest quality, but the presentation is picture worthy every time! I've personally recommended Fujimi to all my clients, even offering to personally refund if their not completely satisfied with their overall experience! Every client has reported back to have the same experience as myself... So far I've not had to refund.... And I don't believe I ever will!Ǿ
Ok, the salad was good. The rice was a little blah and the portions are small. I have had better hibachi. The place seemed clean but I would try another place next time.Ǿ
Had an absolutely outstanding dinner here. We had 9 people and everyone loved it. Highlight was definitely the sushi. I have had sushi many times at many places and this was the best presentation of the fish I have ever experienced, it also tasted fantastic, perfectly done. 

Also outstanding was the Japanese style hibachi. We had a new server and the rest of the staff did a good job helping him. Our hibachi chef was entertaining and the -owner came by as well which is always a nice touch. 

We plan to go back and will update after second time around. First time was definitely a winner!Ǿ
Close this place down! Terrible food, service, and prices.Ǿ
Average place for me. The menu setup is sort of chintzy. It's plastic pages that allow for easy changing of the page in the sleeve. The food is what you ultimately go for and that was very good. The hibachi was lovely. A little greasy for me, but not crazy. Average I would say. My husband had the pad Thai and thought it very good. The waitress was very nice. Took our orders in a timely manner. A little mix up with part of our order and they gave us extra.   Removed plates in a timely manner   Very nice atmosphere. I didn't care for the TV in the dining area. I would recommend it.Ǿ
I don't give out my 5 star reviews too easily... I always rate on all areas- Food, Service, Friendliness, and cleanliness. Everything here was perfect! I have no idea how these other people gave bad reviews, all I can figure is they are part of the small minority of people that can never really be made happy. Some peopel always find the glass "half empty", if you know what I mean.
I have not tried any of the Hibachi or cooked food here yet (but I am excited to try it on one of my many future visits!), I can never bring myself to order anything but the sushi. The sushi is just so fresh and well prepared here! I am a sushi lover, and I eat alot of Sashimi (straight raw fish), which really gives you an idea of whether fish is fresh or not. Once you dress fish in rolls, you sometimes lose the true flavor of the fish. ANyways, I get the rolls, sashimi, and any specials that the chef creates. My last 2 visits, the sushi chef offered to create something for me that I might like, from my description of different fish that I like. Both times I was blown away! New favorites every time. I really recommend the Yellowtail Jalepeno Appetizer- I have never tasted yellowtail so tender and "buttery". WE almost ordered another right after we ate the first one. Also the Yoshi Roll (made with no rice), is our new favorite roll there, which we will probably order on every visit!
I've eaten sushi at most all the major sushi restaurants around town, and I am originally from Washington DC, which has some of the best Sushi Restaurants. I feel I am experienced enough with excellent quality suhi to say that this place is a GEM TO FIND IN CHARLOTTE! Again, I have always eaten only sushi here, but I can only imagine if they have the same quality and care into the other food as the sushi, that everything here must be pretty good. The chef (who I will rave about in a moment), reinforced to us that if we tried anything we didn't like, he would take it back! Are you kidding me?! Where have you ever gone that has offered that without getting a compalint! Amazing! I let the sushi chef create us something from what we liked, and it was excellent!
Now onto the sushi chef Yoshi (whom I presume is at least part-owner)... Greatest guy! He talked to my wife & I like he knew us for years! He asked us what kind of sushi we liked, and really cared that he made us something great. He was like a Grandparent watching to see the look & reaction on your face after eating something delectable they have made for you. He was previously a sushi chef at Noble Restaurant in New York, which is one of the most renowned Shushi Restaurants in all of NY, and the US. Yo can really tell he has experience with High-End Sushi. I am not exaggerating when I say this is some of the BEST sushi I have had in Charlotte. We are customers for life.
Most all the specialty rolls are about $12 & up, which is average for the Charlotte area. Again, the sushi is above average. We got a bottle of specialty Nigori Sake for only $8! It's hard to find a bottle of sake for less than $15 anywhere else, and this wasn't even the cheap stuff! Our server and Yoshi both checked with us frequently about us needing anything else, or just to make sure we were happy with everything.
I recommend any sushi lover to try this place out at least once. I believe any person/place can have an unique "bad" experience, but I just cannot imagine it here.
Thanks again Yoshi- See you soon!!!!Ǿ
The food here is pretty good. It was very slow for a weekday dinner. Service was really good and the server was very sweet. We each got the bento boxes. They were both really good and I like the variety they had to offer. My husband also got the salmon tartare. He said it was good but very small for $9. We will definitely be back!Ǿ
Great experience first time with the family. Came with a Groupon but the prices and specials were reasonable without it. The service was great and the sushi was fresh. The miso soup and tiger roll lacked tons of flavor but overall everything else was great and definitely worth coming back again. This is a hidden gem in Matthews for sure.Ǿ
A tasty place - definitely nothing wrong with the food. The decor and environment were a little dour, though, and I think I'd rather go somewhere else.Ǿ
I don't ever write reviews, this is in fact my very first one on yelp.

I am not what you would refer to as a sushi fanatic, but have been enjoying many different types and combinations of sushi for many years. My wife and I have enjoyed sushi from New York, Chicago and most recently San Francisco.

We have been to Fujimi a few times now. All three times we have dined at the sushi bar which seats about ten people. From the moment we sat down, Yoshi - the head sushi chef and I assume from what others have said, part owner as well - greeted us with a warm and friendly smile! Immediately we felt genuinely welcomed.

He suggested his sushi specials of the day, which he has done on all of our visits. We tried the 'Okinawa' special, a very flavorful creation by Yoshi. Try it, you won't be sorry you did! We coupled that with a sushi sampler and an Autumn in NC roll which my wife insisted on and I sure am glad she did! We have had this roll on all of our visits and don't plan on changing that anytime soon.

On all of our trips to Fujimi the fish has been fresh and consistent, the rolls have been excellent and the service has been exceptionally friendly.

Between the family friendly staff and owners, the delicious food and very affordable options on the menu I will have to give this sushi experience a five-star review.

Will be back soon!Ǿ
This is a great Japanese steakhouse. The food is just as good as others in the area, and there is rarely, if ever, a wait. The chefs are really good to the kids. This is a frequent destination for our family.Ǿ
I came to Fujimi because of a Groupon I bought. And I am so happy I found this place! I will say that I only ate at the sushi bar, so I can't speak to the hibachi side, but my server was very, very nice and attentive, and the shrimp dumpling appetizer was very authentic (shumai).
Now, I love fried sushi rolls (no shame!) so that is what I ordered. I had the Fantastic roll, the Dynamite roll, and the Angry Dragon (not fried). All delicious, but the Angry Dragon especially because it had a very unique flavor due to the orange edamame sauce...I loved it.
And every day of the week, they have some kind of special - Wednesday is buy one roll, get another free!
So overall, check out this gem in Matthews. My only regret is I live about 35 minutes away so I can't get here as regularly as I would like. But I am happy to know about it!Ǿ
We had dinner here after buying a Groupon. After Waiting for food for 30 minutes, our Hibachi chicken arrived overcooked and dry, rice was way too dry and tempura was heavy and greasy like a funnel cake batter. I don't think we'll be returning.Ǿ
Located in Matthews Festival next to Fontanella is Fujimi, a new hibachi steakhouse in Matthews. With a few friends, I decided to see what they are all about, with the "coming soon" signs taunting me for months.

The decor is very traditional Japanese restaurant and has a familiar feel.  There is a standard dining room for items from the kitchen and sushi bar as well as a room with 4 hibachi grills.  Tonight, we opted to go for the hibachi experience. Our server was exceptionally friendly and helpful. When asking about menu items, she did admit that she has not yet tried certain things (and I appreciate that honesty), but given that they are brand new that's to be expected; she was, however, a great help and enthusiastic about the menu.

The miso soup was light and refreshing, with finely cut onion and tender mushroom; the salad course featured the character ginger dressing which, to my liking, was not overly spicy.  Our chef was fun and put on a great show - the standard "acts", but with some freshness and his own unique personality coming through.  I did have a hibachi first at Fujimi: in the middle of his presentation he asked all of us if we were 21 and if we had our IDs...what followed was a squirt bottle full of sake and seeing who at the table could "chug" the longest when he sprayed from his side of the grill (for the record, I won at 25 seconds).

Our food was very tasty - the hibachi comes with, in addition to the soup and salad, fried rice, soba noodles, mixed vegetables, a couple pieces of shrimp, and your protein of choice. Everything was very well seasoned and full of flavor. The chef was very good about reserving a couple pieces of each protein to offer to the others in our group so we could try everything, which I appreciated.  Though I rarely do when I'm out, we opted to try the desserts as well.  My tempura friend cheesecake was quite delicious, and arrived from the kitchen with a stunning presentation - next time I will have to order an entree from the kitchen as well. It was crispy on the outside while still cool on the inside.  My friends opted to try the green tea ice cream (I snagged a bite, and it is pretty darn good too).  You can order the ice cream fried as well.  The red bean ice cream sounded very tempting too.

As we were wrapping up, the owner came to our table to thank us and ask us what we thought - I really enjoy that kind of interaction and was pleasantly surprised.

Final verdict: with many similarities to other hibachi restaurants, Fujimi has some great, unique qualities that make it well worth your time to check out!Ǿ
WORST SUSHI AND SERVICE EVER!!!!!! I just recently moved to Charlotte from Florida and have been trying to find a great sushi restaurant. From the second we walked in the service was horrible. The "manager" was hostessing and working the bar on a Saturday night. When she was asked how long the wait would be, she said "soon". Ok... Well we were hungry and I had my 2 year old son with me, so we just took her word for soon. We we're sat pretty quickly and the beer special was good. After a few minutes of sitting at the table we were greeted by a server named "Mel". She first started speaking in a Australian accent and than a southern accent.( ok, funny... I've waited on tables before and this was something I was familiar with). "Mel", was obviously on drugs. She could not stop talking. She was so overwhelming she was giving everyone anxiety. She tried feeding my child, tried kissing my child, picked my child up out of his high chair. She left the restaurant and ran to her car, got inside her car.... I'm assuming to snort another line. The sushi came to the table and when we asked for extra spicy mayo she insisted we didn't need extra because there was enough on the plate. When we asked for ponzu sauce she insisted for us to use the left over from our salad. She was literally CRAZY!!!!! I'm not one to EVER complain. Normally I just keep my mouth shut... But this was ridiculous. Nobody at our table got to enjoy our food or each other because of our bat shi* crazy waitress. After dinner I approached the manager to make her aware of her employee. The manager was completely unprofessional. She defended the waitress and said she must have got overwhelmed with the amount of people. NO she was high on drugs!!!!! On top of everything the food was disgusting. We ordered 4 rolls.... They were all horrible. Presentation and plating were nice but the flavor and quality of ingredients was low class. WORST PLACE EVER!!!!!Ǿ
I loved the food and atmosphere. We will definitely be returning. We have a new sushi place!Ǿ
Do not go to this place if you intend on using a groupon, they will no honor it. They basically told me that it's not accepted on their daily specials even though nothing on the groupon's fine print that says so. Very deceitful business practice not to mention lousy customer service. 
Sushi was bland and unappetizing and my steak was under cooked with raw pieces.Ǿ
We went there on Saturday with 4 people. They refused to sit us until more where there. IT would of been at LEAST a $100 ticket. Ive eaten at many hibachi restaurants all over the country and have never been treated like we were there. AVOID AT ALL COSTSǾ
We got a living social deal so we went last night. Our initial interaction started off badly. The manager, I assume, refused to split a four top and two top table so that we didn't have to sit at the sushi bar, stating it was only for sux people. I wouldn't have minded sitting at the bar, except we had our 18 month old with us. The whole time we were there, they never sat anyone at the six top table, as it remained empty the entire time. When we received our sushi, and it was not good. All of our sushi was mushy and I actually lost my appetite. I only ate two pieces before stopping, and my husband had the same opinion. I was jealous of my toddler's dinner of chicken nuggets and apple sauce that I brought from home. Our server was nice and so was the sushi chef, but thats the only good thing I can say. I would have liked to try the hibachi if we ever returned, but unfortunately, we won't be returning.Ǿ
I was on a search for good sushi and/or japanese in the Matthews area. I saw all of the great reviews about Fujimi so when I saw a Groupon I hopped on that and tried it out one night. Arriving at the location, my part of three requested to sit at the hibachi grill for dinner. We got a hesitant answer and we were asked if we wanted to sit in the dinning room instead. They made us wait around for what? To see if we'd change our minds so it wouldn't be a hassle for them? The grill side was 80% empty. We asked for hibachi...seat us there, shut up and give us what we want! It's not that hard.. 

Anyway, we decided not to get sushi. One of my friends wanted to get some of the sushi rolls that were featured as daily specials, but couldn't combine them with the Groupon I had (understandable, so I let that one go - even though my friend attempting to order the rolls was going to pay separately). Also, we were asked initially if we had a coupon (odd?), but I get it., servers especially, and even management aren't too fond of Groupons. Yeah, it gets them volume and people to try out their restaurant, but it also leaves confusion on the restaurants end and some lousy tippers. I'm all about tipping on the price before the discount is applied, but when the food isn't that great, the service subpar, and you don't feel welcomed, you really don't want to tip at all. 


Either the owner has a lot of friends who are boosting the reviews, or I've lost my faith in Yelp reviews.  I thought that since Fujimi got an average 4 starts out of 19 reviews that it must be good. I usually trust fellow Yelpers and rely on their critical reviews of restaurants. Maybe it's that people living in the heart of Suburbia have forgotten they have taste buds and have settled for bland food and poor management. 

Whatever it is, I'm baffled at why this place got good reviews. 


Adios Fujimi! I will not be returningǾ
Went for a valentines day lunch with my husband. It was really really good. Sushi is excellent and the dumplings are so good!! A definate come back!!Ǿ
Great sushi place! Love the atmosphere, service and most importantly the food! I was pleasantly surprised to find a good place with decent price around the Matthews area. On Monday nights, they even have sushi at a discount price. My husband and I came here the other night and had 4 roll and soup for only $24. The panther roll is excellent! Its a definite must try if you haven't yet!Ǿ
I'm mixed on this one.  We had a disaster for Brunch so we wanted to make up for it for dinner.  I was totally craving sushi and I did indeed get great sushi here.  It was enough to make this sushi snob want to come back for more...as take-out.

The ambiance leaves much to be desired for such a high priced place.  If I am paying $14 for a sushi roll and $25 for  a dinner plate I want date night worthy.  What I got was Denny's worthy.  It's cheap, it's boring, and there were kids crying at the table next to us the entire time.  I asked about switching up a roll and was told changing spicy salmon into spicy crab in a sushi roll would incur a $2 charge.  I said nevermind and went with the roll as is.  The waiter was attentive and just the right amount of presence, always a plus, and other than the decor and the weird upcharge I LOVED my food.  Edamame was perfectly steamed, the sushi was ohsogood.  My husband ordered the hibachi which was sooooo bland.  I don't think they used any salt or pepper in the cooking process.  There were three small pieces of shrimp, a tiny handful of veggies, loads of noodles and rice, and a good portion of steak(which was very tender, but unflavored) and chicken which was overcooked.

All in all the sushi is worth going back for, but I won't be trying their Hibachi nor will I be staying around.  Take-out is where it's at.Ǿ
Used to love this place.  Its not bad...but its not great.  The place is clean...but the decor is lacking a little.

I usally get the hibachi.  Tonight I had the Shrimp and Scallop Hibachi (see pic I posted).  The portion size is plenty.  The PRICE is HIGH!   My last few visits the food has been a bit oily.  Tonight, I dined alone. ... and my food came out tepid.  Flavor is usually pretty good.

Service was up to speed.  The wait staff is nice and they made sure things ran smoothly.

Like i said, its not bad, but its not great either.  They just need to "up their game" a little in the kitchen.

I dunno,  I may need to search out a new Hibachi place to fuel my occasional craving.Ǿ
Great experience!! Hibachi was super fun and food was delicious. We will be going back!!Ǿ
The food is very good. I've seen some bad reviews regarding the hitachi experience...I order the hitachi stake as part of the bento box (which is the best deal because you can try a little be of everything) and the flavor is great but Ive never sat at the hitachi tables to see what the experience is really like. I haven't had bad service here either the first rime I went we couldnt decided what to order so the waitress came back to us about 4 times and was very nice about it. It doesnt seem to get too busy which is nice. Overall everything is good.Ǿ
My wife, daughter and I went here for dinner tonight and was very disappointed.  My order was wrong, the food was average, and the chef (????) threw the shrimp toward my plate leaving one on the table.  He said he will get me another one but never did.  

The service was slow even though the place was not busy.  

I spoke to the manager about my concerns and received nothing more than a weak apology.  She made no concessions to our check.  This will no doubt be our last trip here.  Another poster was correct, this place has gone downhill.Ǿ
We went fujimi last night ,sushi was amazing,yoshi roll tasted fantasy,very friendly staff,we will back soon.RǾ
In my continuing quest to find good sushi in the Charlotte area I discovered this place. I recently went here alone on a Friday evening. I found it to be so good I returned Sunday afternoon with three other people. On both visits I was seated at the sushi bar and met Yoshi, a wonderfully friendly guy, and third generation sushi chef.

The decor is nice and bright. The staff was very pleasant and attentive for both my visits.

I ordered fresh rolls each time I was there and probably sampled six rolls from the menu. All were very good. The Yoshi roll was my favorite and I highly recommended.
In addition to the rolls the seaweed and lettuce salad were both excellent. My only negative would be a few ( not all)  of the rolls were overly sauced, but still very good.

I will definitely return for more!!Ǿ
Somewhat surprisingly, Charlotte has no shortage of Japanese steakhouses. if memory serves, there are three Kabutos, two Nakato, a couple other individual locations such as Fuji, Mai, Nikko and Musashi, and this is all within the Charlotte area. If you move out a bit you can find others, like Ichiban near Salisbury, and then you have Hibachi in most any Chinese buffet.

As such, Fujimi isn't that unique. But it is the closest to our house, and that is helpful, because if we don't want to drive, it makes for convenience, and that is important. Also, the staff is friendly, and the food is solid.

At many Japanese steakhouses you can also find sushi, and Fujimi is no exception. The quality is not quite as good as some other places, so it probably isn't the place to go strictly for sushi, but if you want a quick roll with your meal, it will certainly do in a pinch.Ǿ
The food was tasty and attractively presented, but the preparation was incredibly slow. It took over 45 minutes for a half-dozen sushi to come out of the kitchen, and the restaurant was less than half full.