A great find!  Authentic Mexican cuisine, good service and nice decor. We'll be back!笑
This was once a must for us when in Lachine, and it's still adequate in most respects, but too many things have slipped in quality. At the same time prices have climbed above what we're used to from other similar restaurants. I don't think we'll be back.
 Examples: on a visit today, my enchiladas tasted of chicken that had been stored in the fridge for too long after being cooked, while the green mole sauce had little flavour;; my partner asked for beans instead of rice, and received literally a tablespoon of beans. 
On a previous visit, we ordered guacamole for the table, and it was presented attractively like a flower, with nacho chips as petals. But when we finished the chips, much of the guacamole remained, so we asked for more. The waitress told us no! She explained that the chips served on the plate were all we could have with that dish. We were astonished.
On the positive side, although service is stretched and painfully slow, it can be very pleasant if you get the right server. Ours was embarrassed by the stingy bean serving, so he sneaked us an extra order of beans gratis. The other server where we're seated was also charming, checking on us a few times to see if we needed anything.
Sadly, nice servers can't really make up for poor management.笑
No this is not a fancy place, no they don't have top notch wine and no they can't accommodate huge groups in winter (in summer they do have a terrace in back). 

HOWEVER, this is one of the MOST AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurants. You can actually taste the "home made" flavours. Typical meals that you would find in Mexico. 

Decor: crooked floors, colourful Mexican things hanging on the walls...PERFECT. It is so appropriate.

great cocktails and very nice staff. A+!笑
Solid food. Really authentic and cool atmosphere. This place really is a hidden gem right by the lakeshore!笑
Bon restaurant Mexicain famillial. La nourriture est bien et le prix juste bon service.笑
Excellent food and service, great ambiance and home feeling.

Summer time is amazing with the Terrasse.

Stop reading this review and come try it!笑
I live nearby this gem of a restaurant. I fell in love with it on my first visit. They serve the typical Mexican fare. The servers are always smiling and pleasant. I usually order the vegetarian burrito, which is not even on the menu.  I'm making myself hungry just writing this review. Try this restaurant and you will see for yourself.  ;)笑
It was a beautiful sunny day so my daughter and I decided to walk down to the canal area in Lachine from her home and have a nice lunch.  We opted for El Meson because we both like Mexican food and I had never been there.  While waiting for our table inside, we sat on the porch and were served a nice pitcher of White Sangria and 2 glasses of plain water as requested.  Our server was friendly and prompt.  Once our  table was ready, we went inside and ordered our lunch.  We both ordered a cold Gazpacho to start and for the main course I had delicious Quesadilla with Red Snapper and my daughter a cold Shrimp Salad on Avocado.  Both meals were excellent and unfortunately we had no room left for dessert.  Maybe next time - as I will definitely go back another day.  They have a nice outside courtyard in the back,  where several other diners were enjoying their meals.  The washroom was tiny but immaculately clean.笑
Well things didn't start off that well when we arrived with a reservation for 2, saw an empty table that stayed empty for 10 minutes while we stood waiting.

So I'm well aware the Montreal is far from the best place to get Mexican, and as such am rating this place in that context. I did like the decor and beer selection, but the food was not great. I ordered the fajitas and my friend ordered the chicken tacos. The chicken was quite tender, but it just lacked taste. My friend did like his tacos.

I doubt I'll be back here. There are several other Mexican joints I would prefer to try.笑
Great atmosphere, kind service and delicious food. The mole sauce was very authentic with a kick. Amazing guacamole! Only issue was they did not have any high chairs which can be a challenge with toddlers.笑
Delicious Mexican Restaurant in Lachine, right by the water! Very good food and authentic atmosphere.

We were strolling around the area and decided to go in to try, was not disappointed! The sangria was great, the food too! Will come back more times!笑
We were there for celebrating an occasion. The food was delicious and more than enough for each person. I mean u can't eat all of it coz it was a lot. But it was salty! Anyway... In Lachine area right by the water it's a perfect place to enjoy the Mexican restaurant. The ambiance was good and Mexican music it makes you more happy. The service was OK!! It seems that they were hire new waitress that they have to learn more and more!  In conclusion it's fine to go over there for once or twice a year. We will be back next year too ;)笑
Order the seafood platter it was delicious the presentation was superb atmosphere great. It seems amazing that you can get such good value again with Quebec high standards of cuisine with such a great view I would highly recommend this place笑
Endroit sympathique et bien situé en bordure du canal Lachine. Une belle petite terrasse avec une vue sur l'eau et le couché de soleil.

Les employés sont sympathiques et offrent un service correct.

Je trouve que certains items sur le menu sont beaucoup trop cher pour la qualité du plat et des ingrédients. J'ai commandé une salade repas à 9.00$ qui n'était pas mauvaise mais faite avec des ingrédients très de base qui coûtent quasiment rien ( Tomate, laitue, fromage rapé ). J'ai également commandé un Gaspacho que j'ai trouvé incroyablement délicieux!

J'y retournerai très certainement mais je fais une croix sur les salades.笑
Wao! Best mole in town!!!! Amazing service. Little pricy but worth it. Had Enchiladas and nolapito con lomito. Top rated!!!笑
Apparently the other reviewers have never had "mexican" food outside of quebec. Otherwise they would know that nothing they serve at this place is even close to being considered mexican food. Service was good, so that's what got them a full two stars instead of one. If you just want some random concoctions of food with sweet sauces, then this is your place.笑
Two pitchers of sangria later, I approve.

Seriously though, this is clearly a family run joint where the father is in the kitchen and the children are working the front of house. That, plus food which was far more authentic than I expected (umm, cactus garnish?) makes for a small business that really deserves to be rated favorably. Was everything a home run? No, not really... but it was still better than every other Americanized Mexican joint I've been to in the States. 

Whatever you are doing Restaurant El Meson, please don't stop. Merci.笑
authentic Mexican restaurant. owned by Mexican family. Service is little bit slow but food is delicious.笑
Bon le midi, très très très moyen le soir.笑
Fantastic little find! Attentive, friendly, tri-lingual staff. Great views of the river and park if you can sit on the terrace. Great portion sizes, priced well. Don't forget the Sangria!笑
Bon p'tit resto mexicain, le midi spécial entre 10$ à 13$, délicieux et pas cher. De plus, y'a une p'tite terrasse en avant avec vue sur le Lac St-Louis, sinon une plus grosse en arrière.笑
It's not perfect BUT this is probably the best most authentic mexican food place in all of Montreal. Service is always very friendly and helpful and the food is delicious.笑
Un autre restaurant mexicain à Montréal?! Non. Un des seuls vrai restaurant mexicain à Montréal. De l'extérieur, au dirait vraiment une "mexi casa" et à l'intérieur on si croirais au Mexique, nême avec la neige et la température froide on n'oublie presque qu'on est au Québec.

L'endroit comme tel n'est pas très grand, mais en Été, il y a une grosse terasse arrière et deux/trois tables à l'avant vu sur le fleuve. Les prix sont relativement raisonnables, sauf si vous êtes comme moi et ne l'êtes pas raisonnable. Mon coup de coeur est définitivement le "ceviche". C'est une grosse portion mais une bonne et très gouteuse portion. Le meilleur que j'ai mangé. J'ai essayé à peu près tout sur le menu, au fil des années, et je dois avouer que je n'ai jamais été déçu. Ce restaurant ma fait découvrir un interêt particulié pour le cactus. C'est très bon, autant en salade qu'en fondue, choix qu'ils offrent sur leur menu. 

Le service n'est pas le plus rapide que j'ai eu(probablement dû au temps de préparation), par contre, les nachos gratuites et une bonne bière ou margarita aide à faire patienter. 

En conclusion, si vous voulez un vrai restaurant purement mexicain, je vous le recommande. Par contre, je conseillerais de toujours reserver avant. L'endroit est petit et ce remplis très vite en soirée.

Gracias!笑
This very quaint and ideally located in Lachine away from all the  foodie hipsters was just good. I ordered the Gazpatcho to start which was probably the best thing i had. My main dish was the grilled chicken breast in a green Mole sauce with fried black beans and nicely seasoned rice. The service was very good!

While Carlos and Pepes it is NOT...it failed to blow me away. I am pretty sure there are better mexican restos to explore in the city but that being said there was nothing bad that stood out....well maybe the $7 lattes!笑
Wonderful authentic cuisine and ambiance to suit. We ate here on a Wednesday evening, service was a bit slow but the food was well worth it. Prices are a little steep, but given the difficulty in finding authentic Mexican virtually anywhere in Montreal, this was a definite compromise. Would recommend!笑
I've been coming here from time to time since at least 2004. Over the years have brought out-of-town friends here for dinner many times and always love it. Sitting on a prime location next to the historic Lachine Fur Trade and the Parc Rene Levesque and the Lachine waterfront, in Lachine's old village, you can't ask for a better outdoor location especially during the summer and during sunset.They also have a big terrasse out back.

I should stress this is NOT Mexican fast food. This is real Mexican home-grown food with probably the best Chicken Mole in Montreal, chicken in that amazing chocolate spicy sauce served with cactus, rice and refried beans. Their sangria and their tres leches cake (3 milks cake) is also amazing. It is a family run operation with traditional Mexican decoration everywhere.  When I came on Saturday night with a buddy,  all the surrounding tables were full and there was a happy hum to the place.

This isn't high-end dining but they must be doing something right for staying in business all these years.