My dad picked a visit to Poboy's for his birthday dinner and it did not disappoint. This low key fish market is the perfect stop for a sandwich to eat their or pick up some raw fish for home. Everything is out in cases for you to peruse when you walk in. Staff is friendly and helpful with recommendations and suggestions. You get a lot of fish in the sandwiches, more with fish than the shrimp poboy. Deliciously fried, fresh and tasty. The coleslaw was a great side and paired perfectly with our sandwiches. Make sure to ask for hot sauce!笑
This is our once a month lunch stop after shopping in the Value Village across the street and while im not the biggest po boy fan I find their sandwiches to be quite tasty. I would love a more generous portion of shrimp, the bread over powers. But since I have nothing to compare it too I honestly dont know if that's just how it's supposed to be. The staff is always pleasant. The place is always clean. You would never think you're stepping into a fish market.笑
After all the hype I decided to try them out today. I must say I'm very impressed. Everything was perfect. I got the Flounder PoBoy and Chicken PoBoy along with a side salad. The Salad was even good, they make their own dressings so that's a bonus with me....I'm a happy customer.笑
I absolutely love this place. Poboys is the equivalent of great food great service and extremely consistent. Every time I go in there I meet great people the staff is always amazing and the food is good you just can't beat it period I would recommend this place 10 times over over and over and over and over again. It's clean I love how the decor matches the actual establishment and service that they're providing to the public there's always plenty of parking and even though it can be wait times ahead there never longer than 30 minutes. Go here you will not be sorry and I love their cherry cheesecake parfait!笑
Having eaten many a po-boy in Louisiana, I must say the one I ate here today is as good as any that I have ever eaten.
The remoulade sauce and fresh bread roll...wowed me.
The Catfish was fresh and cooked to perfection. 
Highly recommend this.笑
Really glad I find this place. Being from a waterfront city it was hard not being able to get fresh seafood like I was used to. This place reminds me of the seafood markets back home. If I could say anything it would be about the charge for cooking the food. Back home they charge $1 per pound and here they charge $2, but ultimately I guess it is what it is. The food taste great so that takes the sting out a bit for the pricing. I guess I'm just spoiled and have to get used to the prices here. I've been here more than once and definitely recommend you give them a try.笑
Number one spot for seafood and number one spot for me at the moment period I love the Cajun style shrimp I hear the poboys are good too would highly recommend this place if you're into Cajun seafood or seafood period for that I've been here least 15 times already lol笑
As a pescaterian I'm very particular when it comes to seafood. With that said this is one of the beat seafood restaurants I've been to here in Charlotte. The did is fresh and delicious. The Po-Boys are to die for abd that's no exaggeration. 

Excellent food! Go check it out.笑
Not my usual Stomping grounds .... but I was hungry and looked at Yelp and it was well rated and sounded good. Well --- it is excellent ! Great service / clean as a pin / nice folks ....
I had the "spicy" Shrimp Po Boy ---- super fresh ingredients and id say equal to the best I've had from N.O.

Give it a try - you won't be
 disappointed!笑
Highly recommended! The staff here is amazing! The food is great and will not kill your pockets. They really take care of their customers. They are a seafood market that also makes food. I had the catfish with hushpuppies and green beans. Totally worth 5 stars!笑
The MAJOR take away from my experience here is the warmth of the staff. It was honestly like walking into your Aunt's house for lunch! My fiancé and I ordered a few different pieces of fish and some shrimp (cuz OPTIONS...lol) and split them. While she LOVED it...being a guy with Charleston roots, I felt there was a LITTLE missing on the complexity of flavor front. It was decent but I've had other spots in town really amp up the flavor when it comes to their options. The different seasoning options (which we made sure to diversify) ended up being not so different from one another which was a little disheartening. Ultimately, though, everything was decent,  just not earth shattering. That customer SERVICE, though, bar none! (And let me reiterate, my fiancé LOVED it...so it could just be a personal taste thing for me...they're definitely worth the trip)笑
Great customer service AMAZING FOOD make sure you get the PoBoy sauce it's heavenly on everything that's fried!笑
This place is so good. The best seafood in Charlotte hands down! The best po boy in Charlotte hands down! I've visited here maybe 7 or 8 times since they've opened and every time has been great. They season their fried fish and shrimp just perfectly. My favorite item on the menu right now is the catfish po boy. Please don't pass on the po boy sauce...it takes the sandwich to another level. 

I've tried the low country boil, shrimp po boy, catfish po boy and I highly recommend all of these. Plus the service is always friendly. Check this place out!笑
I love how the seafood is displayed, beautiful, just beautiful, then i noticed they sell fresh fish by the case, those who know me, im a foodie, Yelp, Foodspotter, CONNOISSEUR.  Please check dem Po Boy's. PS: GREAT EATS.笑
Yelpers....thank you! I was jonesing for a good fish Sandwich or Shrimp Po Boy and after seeing the amazing reviews I had drive over. 

Pros: cajun shrimp po boy! It's a large sandwich, the sauce took it to the po' boy level. Location is clean, doesn't have that stuffy Fried foods smell & smog and they offer a large selection of fresh fish. 

Cons: I just killed my po boy sandwich and enjoyed my visit - not a con in sight!笑
Went here for a quick lunch with a colleague.  Great place.  The food was fast and fresh.  When you walk in, you are greeted by a large fish counter.  You can order your fish and take it home or have them cook it for you.  There is also a small menu you can order from and plenty of large picnic tables to sit.  I chose the fried shrimp Po Boy and my colleague had the Lowcountry Boil.  We both chose dirty rice as our side.  Mine was delicious.  The Po Boy sauce was awesome and the dirty rice was nice.  Not oily at all.  My colleagues boil was great too - 10 boiled shrimp with potatoes and corn.  Will definitely be coming back here!  Great find!笑
Awesome place on freedom Dr. I went here for the first time today and they had a nice crowd coming thru. This is gonna be a popular place in the city. I ordered the flounder Po Boy. I got mines with Po boy sauce which is a must have but they didn't put enough on the sandwich so I'm glad they had bottles that you can take to your table but if you order to go you might want to get some extra if you don't want a dry sandwich. I had the sandwich small fries and bottled water for under $11.笑
This place is awesome. You need to try it. Fresh salmon is the best. Good seasoning great value. Friendly team.笑
After a long morning of digging through the bins at the Goodwill Outlet my stomach was talking to me and seemed to be telling me that it couldn't wait the 15 minutes it would take to get home but that I would need to find a closer option. So I did what any respectable hungry person would do in that situation.....I opened up my Yelp! app and did a nearby restaurant search...Ooooh what is this?! A po'boy spot?! But where? and why had I never spotted it before ( I would later find out because it has only been open for 3 months). It was an off time of day, 4pm, so I rang em' up to check that they weren't just a lunch spot (yelp didn't have their hours listed). The friendly voice on the end of the line assured me that they were open until 8pm. Yessss. 

Already having been hooked by eying a pic of the oyster po'boy I knew this was what I was getting. But the offer to " You Buy We Fry" for the various fresh fish was also a very tempting option for future visits. You get several options for the fry of the oyster. Cajun, S&P and regular I believe were the options. Then you can choose po'boy sauce or mayo as a sauce. I chose cajun and the po'boy sauce. Duh. The very enthusiastic girl behind the counter assured me that the combo I chose was also her favorite. I almost got one of the made-in-house sides, green beans perhaps, until I was informed that the sandwich was HUGE. Next time.

The size was indeed over ample, and the taste was on point. Perfectly seasoned fry on the oyster, not to mention a generous amount of the plump suckers, 8 If I am not mistaken. The bread was great as well, perfect balance of soft and chewy. It could have easily been split between two people, but not being one to cower away from a challenge, I finished the entire thing solo. However, not without regrets and the need for a nap.. zzzzzzzz笑
I am trying to get a hold of someone to place a very large order for Saturday. No one is answering the phone. Please have someone call me 412-443-1777. My name is Abigail笑
I give an three stars because I ordered an salad an the lettuce was on top of the chicken and everything else. The eggs should be slice other than that, the service was good.笑
Do not allow the bad part of town nor the looks on the outside of this diamond in disguise fool you! This place is great hands down. Wonderful atmosphere, wonderful customer service, fresh seafood that you pick out yourself; cooked fresh with your choice of regular, cajun, or salt & pepper breading fried to perfection. Don't miss out... I promise you'll love it.笑
I now have been here twice. Excellent both times!!! Great customer service and the fresh seafood that can be cooked to order, sets them apart. They have one loyal customer with me.笑
We can't get enough of this place Let me tell ya'll. The shrimp po boys are EVERYTHING! And that Po Sauce! LAWD HAMMERCY!

We haven't eaten inside yet but will probably do it soon. We've just placed our orders inside and taken it home or the few times we can get someone on the phone (no shade cause I know ya'll are busy) and taken it home but I will say the inside looks very nice and inviting. 

So happy to see PoBoys on Freedom Drive. I live in the area and have tired of the other restaurants around. Can't see myself getting tired of good fresh fish tho. My only negative and to me it isn't a biggie (Ya'll can have all my five stars) is that I had a hard time finding if they were open on Sunday or not. Luckily I can just swing by on my way home and look at their sign. 

Growing up my father would go to the outer banks and fish and bring it back to fry. This place reminds me of that. Nothing like good FRESH fish. And they season it to perfection. Please go here if you're a fish lover. Even if you don't live or venture to the west side much, make a special trip. It's worth it.笑
This place has the best shrimp Po Boys I've ever had and I'm kind of an expert on them.  Having had some very good ones in Louisiana and Mississippi I would have to say that if these were not the best Po Boys they are equal to the ones I have had I the Deep South.  I strongly recommend you try this place.  It's not expensive unless you are like me and have to try everything.  Lol!笑
I must admit, PoBoy's has impressed me beyond belief. I can't believe we were afraid to walk in here lol I was completely blown away when I found such a fresh fish market so close to home!!! You can purchase whole or have it gutted and even fried! They have regular seasoning or Cajun seasoning. Everything also looked very fresh with clean containers and ice everywhere, they take their precautions. I'll be picking up fish fillets from here moving forward. 

As for the food, also wonderful! I ordered the fried shrimp Poboy while the bf had the fried chicken poboy. We also got a small side of okra to split and a small banana pudding. We were having a movie marathon and really didn't want to leave so we stocked up. And stocked up indeed as the portion sizes here are insanely big. The Poboys are served on a hearty 9" hoagie roll while the "small" fried okra side we got was enough for 3 people. We were very stuffed before even opening the okra. First off, I love the Cajun seasoning for your fried items! Everything was freshly fried without excess oil or grease, nice! The sandwiches were packed with our protein of choice with lettuce and tomatoes. The okra... Has got to be the best fried okra I've ever had hands down!!! Like shut the front door good! So fresh on the inside, I'm guessing they do not use frozen okra, and perfectly crispy on the outside. The banana pudding was very good as well, apparently they bring in desserts from local bakeries. 

The staff was wonderful, she took time with us and explained everything since we were noobs. Great people. My recommendations: Make the Po sauce a little spicier, had to add siracha, and invest in steam/heat friendly takeout containers. The styrofoam will melt! Fan them open in the car ride home so you don't eat plastic! Regardless, we will for sure be back for more! Yay for PoBoy's Low Country!笑
My husband loves poboys. That's why this place is getting 3 stars. He did not love his poboy. We both got the salt and pepper whiting poboy. He said it was okay.  I liked mine. The cole slaw was good. The hushpuppies were delicious! I liked my poboy. It was the first one I've ever had. Their tomatoes are good. It made the sandwich so good. They were sweet.笑
What a hidden gem!  Hiding on the west side, down freedom drive, is a great seafood restaurant.  It's also a seafood market, with a good selection.

Don't be fooled by the seemingly limited menu, they can and will cook anything you want.  If they have it in the market, they will cook it for you any way you like.

My wife got 1/4 pound small shrimp fried Cajun style, and really enjoyed it.  The breading was the perfect consistency, not to thick.

I got the low country boil small plate and everything was delicious.  It comes with 10 shrimp, potatoes, corn and sausage.  The seasoning was strong without taking over the dish.  Everything was cooked to perfection.

We just moved to the West side and will be making this a regular stop.笑
This was such a friendly spot. The "country girl" came out in me. I had the catfish stew and had fish fried for my momma. 

Everything was delish. When I'm back in town I will be back. The staff was so very friendly and patient. Try the catfish stew when you come. You can purchase to cook or have them do it for you. They do a wonderful job and you house does not smell like fish.

Two parting words:  Go.  Eat!!!!笑
Delicious down south seafood. I went in with my family last weekend, it was our first time. The restaurant is also a seafood market. You can pick from the cooler what type of seafood you would like and they cook it for you (fried or grilled). There are also choices of seasonings. They even have alligator tail! My family had a little of it all and we shared, the scallops were delicious as well as the flounder.笑
When I first pulled up, I wasn't sure what to expect. Once I entered into the place, I didn't want to leave. I love the interior decor. It's super cutesy and nautical. I loved that while I knew it was a fish market, it certainly didn't smell like one.

I've certainly had better po boys after living near NOLA friends. However, I will not discredit the fresh offerings found here! The service is extremely personable with a flare of southern hospitality. 

The prices were reasonable. I will certainly be back!笑
Delicious! The staff was helpful and very friendly. I ordered a meal as well as some fish to take home and cook later. I was pleased with the selection. I'll be going back!笑
I'd never had a po'boy before, but I'm sure glad I did at this little gem!

The staff were so friendly and were very helpful when making recommendations for my first po'boy. I ended up going for the fried shrimp po'boy and a side of cracklings. The sauce on the po'boy was delicious. (I'm partial to mayo-based sauces anyway.) The fried shrimp weren't greasy at all, and the breading was light and flavorful -- really just perfect. The bread was great, too. Very soft with a crispy crust.

If I lived in the area, I would LOVE to buy fresh seafood from them, too. I feel spoiled with seafood up here in Boston, but the South definitely has seafood worthy enough to be on par with what we have up hear!

Do stop by this place if you're looking for a tasty Southern seafood meal and pleasant staff to boot!笑
I'm so very excited about this place. Having come from New Orleans, I know what a po boy is supposed to be. And contrary to popular belief, it ain't just another name for a submarine sandwich. The bread has to be light and fluffy, with a very thin, almost brittle outside crust. Po Boy's has the staples: an array of fried fish, shrimp, even oysters or roast beef. The best part is that the fish is fresh and fried to order, you see the whole fish on ice in the front fish market area. I assume you can also just buy fish here to cook yourself, like any normal seafood market. I had the flounder po boy, cajun seasoned, dressed with lettuce, tomato and their cajun mayo remoulade sauce. It was hands down the best po boy I've had since I left Louisiana. I also had a lowcountry soup, with sausage, shrimp and corn and it was good. But the star of the show was the killer sandwich. I'm so happy to have found a place where I can order a real po boy. I'll be back, and probably pretty often.笑
Saw this on Yelp while still on plane and came for early dinner on our first day in NC. Deserves  five stars and more for fresh and perfectly fried catfish, best ever hush puppies, great okra, and a low country boil so well prepared that even the potatoes tasted special. In addition to the good food the employees were helpful in explaining the menu to us.  We shall be back!笑
I give this place three stars it because of the cleaning is of the restaurant I ordered lunch in one day it was very crowded so I assumed I was getting the best fishing Town considering I read all the reviews however my fish had no taste and neither did my size I had to put hot sauce mustard tartar sauce on everything to even get any type of taste probably won't return笑
Brandon took my order and was super nice, we chatted a bit about Pittsburgh and banana allergies. Very nice guy! 

I had the low country boil, it was seasoned just right and so good. The hush puppies were delicious. The corn in the boil was just ok. 

Real nice little spot with picnic bench seating, and an awesome fish selection!笑
If you're hungry, don't drive by this place without stopping! Prices are right and the po boys are DELICIOUS. I order mine Flounder, regular, and with the po boy sauce and it has just the right amount of zing to it. And good luck trying to get through the whole sandwich - it's huge!笑
As a life long NOLA fan, I always wish there were decent places to find good cajun and poboys outside of Louisiana and South Mississippi.  Poboys Low Country Seafood Market is just that place.  It honestly would be about a 3 star in NOLA or 4 star in Mississippi, but I will happily give them 5 stars for Charlotte.  A decent portion of protein flavored well, taste sauces, fresh veggies and most importantly great bread.  If you want a good sandwich be sure to check them out.笑
This have to be the best PoBoy in town!

I've tried the Gator, Crawfish, Shrimp, Oyster, and Fish, NO DISAPPOINTMENT AT ALL!

Everyone that has come to the place with me has fallen in Love.笑
This is a new favorite of mine, featuring quality seafood & po boys at decent prices. I had an oyster po boy from here (market price, ~$11) and it was amazing. The oyster itself was fresh, but surrounded with a perfectly crisped, cajun-seasoned crust. These babies are clearly handled with love and thrown onto a well-made hoagie roll.

But if you're not into oysters, there are plenty of other options, such as the classic shrimp po boy. In addition to sandwiches, you can buy fresh seafood here by the pound (raw or cooked to order). Lastly, the people working here are so friendly! It encourages me to come back again soon.笑
Finally we have a place to eat when we visit Charlotte.  The staff is hands down the friendliest I've encountered and very helpful with suggestions.  The very sweet lady who took our order remembered us from our visit two months prior.  The food...OMG... I've ate a lot of fry house style seafood living in the South but their twist on it is so delicious.  The Po sauce on their poboys is da bomb! And their fried fish and shrimp is some of the best I've ever eaten.  Their okra is frozen but you'll mistake it for fresh.  Get the fruit punch then switch to Lemonade so you don't have to choose. Don't forget dessert.笑
I've been to this establishment twice and I'm definitely going back! I have not been able to find porgies...anywhere, but I found them HERE!  And they fried them to perfection!   There customer service was amazing both times I visited and they really make you feel at home & comfortable. I feel like their prices are a bit high, but overall it's well worth it. 

Stop by for a visit, you won't regret it!笑
Oh My Gosh!! This place!! I visited Po boys today in celebration of my birthday. After hearing rave reviews from a friend and looking up Yelp reviews. Goodbye Captain d's. From the fresh fish display to the genuinely nice, helpful staff, I could not have asked for a more perfect bday lunch. Flounder was outstanding. I ordered a oyster PO boy to go for dinner. Sauces and sides really good! The fried pork rinds came to our table still crackling on the plate. What? I will visit this establishment weekly for my seafood fix. Give this restaurant ur business!! They're earning it!!笑
Walked in and was immediately greeted! This place is truly a gem. I ordered a piece of whiting which was huge and 4 scallops and my bill was only $9! This is the definition of a lot of bang for your buck! Will be returning soon!笑
The food is on point. I got a shrimp po boy the last time I went. The shrimp was seasoned perfectly, and they weren't stingy with it at all. It just takes a long time to get your food. Honestly though, that's not going to stop me from going back because I have my eye on that oyster po boy now.