cheap and tasty taiwanese food.  knife cut noodles is a specialty.  chef/owner will make vegetarian versions upon request.Ǿ
I have been eating there since I was in elementary school (now I am 20 time flies :'D) and nothing has changed: the food, the people, and the decor are still the same. The food is really like home made food, not greasy at all and the portions are fair. I love their chicken leg on rice, braised pork on rice, and wonton soup.
- wonton soup: the wontons are huge, almost like dumplings. They have noodles in their wonton soup as well. The soup is tasty and doesn't overpower the wontons. Super cheap price I would say for that much food.
- braised pork with rice: I like the fact that they put a lot of vegetables in the dish, just to balance the meat and vegetable ratio. The pork is a tiny bit dry but it tasted good in general. As said before, it is a super satisfying meal for $8.99.
I love the fact that after eating there I don't feel like I have eaten in a restaurant, because it feels super home made and healthy (with all the vegetables). Big shout out to the home made cookies that they are giving for free. I have been obsessed with them since I was little and I still am. They are really simple cookies but taste so freaking good. I even asked for the recipe, but she is just using normal ingredients I don't know why they taste so amazing.Ǿ
Service was a little slow, but the owner was very friendly and the food was good. She explained that they do not use any MSG and that they make their own noodles. Portions were generous and the soups were not salty.Ǿ
This was a big surprise! It's hidden on St-Marc street, north of de Maisonneuve, in the residential buidings of the sector. It seems to be a 'crappy' place by its look, but DAMN, those wonton and dumplings...AWESOME! My tastebuds were going crazy: I never tasted good, home-made wontons that tasted something else than paper or bland! And the home-made sweet cookies were received, at no extra cost....miam! I still salivating when I'm thinking about those. And the customer service was friendly, too.
Definitely a place I'll go back A LOT when I'm downtown!Ǿ
I came in because my belly was begging  for a wonton soup to ward off the cold. I sort of got overwhelmed by the wall menu and ordered a noodle in roasted chicken thigh soup instead.
What I GOT was actually a bowl of hot soup and noodles perfumed with coriander and generously festooned with bite-sized chunks of crunchy lettuce.  Annnnnd... a side of the umami-est roasted leg and thigh of chicken that I've tasted in months. 
Plus tea.
Plus cookies.

All for $10.00. Crazy!!

So, for a little hole in the wall and admittedly tired looking restaurant,  you can expect excellent value for your lunch dollar.Ǿ
I love the food at this place specially the wonton soup. They don't use MSG (Monosodium Glutamate) which in my book is a big plus. The place is a very simple and friendly. The menu is on the wall when you enter the place and the place is run by a charming old ladyǾ
One of my favourite hidden gems. Mommas hand made noodles, I suggest home style beef or one of their soups. Payment is cash but you will smile as you close your bill.

Food:  9/10
Service:  8/10 - missing utensils, delayed service made me miss happy hour
Price:  7/10
Atmosphere:  7/10 - TVs had nothing on, could of at least had the hockey game on muteǾ
Love this place, very friendly women that runs it, always saying xie xie (thank you). They make home made noodles and dumplings. Noodles are some of the best Ive ever had, thick and chewy just how I like it. My favourite dishes are Twice cooked chicken or pork with noodles, Won ton noodle soup, Coriander chicken with noodles and they make a nice taiwanese pancake. Prices are good as well. Highly recommendǾ
Among my circle of friends we call this place the 'slow noodle' ever since it was introduced to me as such.
Why slow noodle? Because if you're in a rush, no point coming here..

I like to diversify, but every time I come here I get the same thing: the flat noodles with the smoked tofu, extra spicy..
Amazing for vegans like me!
I'm sure their other dishes are just as amazing, but not ready to try them just yet...

To minimize the wait, I call in my order ahead of time. 
And she is always eager to give me her homemade dessert: those butter cookies that break up in the paper bag.
I smile and humbly accept them, then focus on the pleasure of devouring my noodles and tofu..

I definitely recommend this restaurant!Ǿ
Very affordable Taiwanese place. I usually get a beef dumpling soup to start ($2.99! and has about 6 well-sized dumplings) followed by a cold noodle dish with spicy peanut sauce, julienned cucumbers and chicken. Pretty much everything is tasty, just takes some getting used to if you don't usually eat Taiwanese. I also like that every dish incorporates veggies (don't be surprised if you get steamed broccoli and carrots on your plate!). The owners, especially the main lady who serves, are just so so sweet. She says "thank you" a million times while you're there :) She also makes a mean shortbread cookie, one of which you get at the end of your meal. The only downside is because it's such a small operation and they make your order from scratch, it takes a crazy long time to get your food usually. Expect about 30, sometimes 40 minute wait. I don't mind usually, but I will say this factor keeps me from going more regularly, since I don't always have the time/not in the mood to make a casual dinner a good 1.5 hour affair.Ǿ
There isn't very many taiwanese restaurants in town and this one is my favorite restaurant to go to. Even though they don't have bubble tea ( like typical taiwanese snack places do), the food there is like a slow home cooked meal. From first entering the door, you get the welcoming by this very nice Asian lady that smiles all the time! 

Don't get me started with the food, the food here is amazing. They have a good chicken leg on rice, beef noodle soup and many others that I have tried. 

If you're in a rush to get a quick dinner, this is not the place to be. They really do take the time to cook your meal really well. It's a family owned business and I recommend everyone get to know the people who work at the restaurant. They are genuinely nice people! 
Options to pay include cash and debit. The tip option is automatic of 50 cents. Anyone who does end up paying debit, I recommend you have cash cause she'll say that 50 cents is enough tip.Ǿ
The positives: the food is cheap and good, the ladies working there are nice/friendly. However there is no air conditioning or fans so on a hot and humid summer day it's unbearable in the restaurant. 

I got the G - wonton soup with noodles (c$8.99). Portion size was ample. Noodles appear to be hand pulled in house. Soup broth taste was OK but nothing special. The wontons were different but delicious. They are definitely homemade and lool more like dumplings than wontons, which is fine. Also there seemed to be 6-8 of them in my bowl which is ample in my opinion.  I debated if I should get just the wonton soup for c$4.99 (w/o noodles). Probably should have gotten it since the noodles were not worth the additional c$4. Also there is American green kale in the noodles - never seen that before. 

Service is slow given limited number of workers.Ǿ
One of the first thing the restaurant cook and main waitress tells us as she hands us the menu is "Real soup no MSG". Well, she might have put some MSG as her "signature" dish the Wonton and Noodle soup lacked flavour and depth. Even worse, her soup base was so bland it made the few leaves of floating lettuce taste like stale vegetables. As for the dumpling, they were slightly overcooked and could have used some seasoning. Noodles had the perfect ratio outer firmness to internal softness.Ǿ
They were very sweet but we got three dishes and none of them were good. The beef dishes tasted really hamburger-y. Dumplings with peanut sauce are always good but not here.Ǿ
Humble, simple, and close to the authentic. Would go back again if craving beef brisket noodle soup or wontons.Ǿ
The owner is super nice!!!!!!!! The food is wonderful~ Love it. Hope i can go there again. BTW, I had bean curd knife sliced noodle.Ǿ
Very good taiwanese food and the lady is always very friendly. I love their beef noodles soup. The service might be slow compared to other restaurant but they made almost every dish upon order. Don't go there if you are in rush. I also loved their home cookies. The price is more than reasonable.Ǿ
The service was good and their food tastes very homemade. My friend ordered a chicken leg and fried dumplings. On the picture it looked like a big piece, but actually she only got a drumstick for $5. The drumstick was a bit cold and burnt on one side. The fried dumplings (guo tie) weren't really what we expected, they were more like small rolls got fried and were not like the dumplings I've ever seen. The chicken slices cold noodles I ordered had way to much sauce and I felt really heavy after eating them.Ǿ
One of my favourite places to eat on a budget at this family restaurant. Cheap, good and homemade. 

You'll often see the grandmother chopping broccoli of cauliflower on her lap with a cleaver. Quite interesting to watch.

Everything on the menu is a hit, although the homemade wonton soup with noodles is what keeps me coming back.Ǿ
Very friendly service, food is delicious home-made, inexpensive, and generally great. I'll definitely be returning there often!Ǿ
Great Restaurant, Amazing prices, great staff!!

This is an excellent hole in the wall restaurant. I am going to preface this review by saying that if you want excellent food, but dont care about the ambiance, then this is the place for you. If however you are trying to impress someone, or looking for a more fancy deco type place, this isn't it. It is a no frills asian restaurant where the focus is on the food, and not on the decoration

Overall, the food was excellent, with VERY affordable prices. 
I got the hot and sour soup which was delicious, filled with lots of tofu and quite flavourful ($3.99). My friend got the homestyle noodles, which was a large portion of noodles with minced port and vegetables ($7.99). The food was delicious, and NOT GREASY which is rare for many asian places. We were there for a while, and whatever came out of the kitchen just looked delicious. 

The service was also excellent. It is a family run operation, and the cute lade (sister-in law of the owner) was super friendly and helpful when ordering. She was also quite good about refilling the tea and whatnot. 

I would definitely return to try the other stuff

Summary: 
  Food 5/5
  Service 5/5
  Decorations 3/5Ǿ
Simple but tasty. The staff are incredibly friendly and the vegetables are always fresh. They make their noodles from scratch and have three different options for the way they prepare tofu. Really nice, calm atmosphere. Also very affordable! One of my favourite downtown spots.