I needed to grab a drink and I loves the drink specials. $3 drafts on a Friday night. I would definitely come back with more people. There are tons of TVs and the outside seating is comfortable. I also tried their mozzarella sticks and they were great. The server was very knowledgable and helpful. It close to my apartment and I will be back.笑
This Hickory Tavern, located on 521 just north of 485 is a great location for lunch meetings in the area. Quick & friendly servce, and the food is always great. Fiesta Salad, Chicken Tacos, Fish Sandwich or Tavern Burger are the way to go. For those of you on a diet, I can attest to the lunch meal of veggie burger, no-bun and a double side of steamed broccoli.笑
Decent sports themed bar. Food is good, a small step above all "bar" food. However, (you knew it was coming...) if you're a "sports bar", you can't have four TV's behind the bar playing the same thing, unless it's Super Bowl Sunday. (It wasn't)  What's more, they were all on ESPN News, showing NOTHING.  I'd come back, but if they can't get their act together, and you want to watch a certain event, beware!笑
Great service and drinks. We often go for drinks and apps and then get dinner to go. Unfortunately, the last two times we have ordered dinner to go, there have been issues. I'm now 2/2 on my to go salads missing items that I additionally paid for. Very shady that only the to go orders are missing components笑
Good food and an amazing selection of cocktails.

Bartenders are friendly :)笑
Won't be returning, kept thinking they need a visit from Chef Ramsey to help them focus on quality vs quantity.  Shrimp n Grits is a huge portion, but it's just a huge pile of mush with overcooked shrimp and way too much cheese.  None of my family of 4 liked their meals.  My Son had pizza that is advertised to remind you of school pizza - why would that be a good thing?  It definitely lived up to it's billing, he took 2, maybe 3 bites.  No wonder the restaurant was 1/4 full, while the bbq restaurant across the way was slammed on 7/4 eve.  Makes you wonder how they pay the rent, but I do see some who rate it 5 stars, so maybe I'm missing something...笑
LOUD!!!    Hickory Tavern was a favorite.  Great chicken wings for my husband, a wonderful Tavern salad for me, enough Tex Mex and variety for our friends.   So...the big downside is 
they have  incorporated a vocalist into the bar area.   My group has been coming to Hickory Tavern once to twice a month since they opened.  We like to sit in the bar.  We enjoy the outside area as well.   Tonight the outside was full and the inside had few people in it...because they have added a vocalist with an amplifier.  It was 5:30, but we couldn't talk about our week or make plans for the week-end because we couldn't hear.   I asked the waitress if she could have the amp turned down.  Didn't happen.  The manager couldn't hear me when we were talking.  His suggestion was that we sit elsewhere.  My suggestion is that you lose the vocalist or turn down the amp.   Be back?   Not until we know we can talk.  My ears are still ringing.  It was that loud.笑
If you have been to a Hickory Tavern then basically you know what you are getting at any location.  Management does a great job keeping things consistent from location to location.  One positive that I can say about this location, though, is service is a noticeable priority.  I have never had a bad server at this location which I can't always say about other locations.  
Essentially this place is fancy bar food, a little pricier than avg. but food is always good.  Buffalo chicken tacos are my go to and are some of the best I've had.  Burgers are also good.  I could run through entire menu but its all pretty good.  During football season this is our family meet up viewing spot and between all of us I'm not sure we have ever had something we didn't like.  Also, my wife's family being from KC it is hard to always find Chiefs game on TV, but they always have the Sunday ticket and every game is on multiple TVs.  Its a great place to watch a game, they did come in 2nd place in a national contest for best sports bar in america, and on Sundays the crowd is huge and a very random variety of fans makes the atmosphere fun.  Moreover, fear not, there are not to many overly annoying redskins, steelers, or cowboy fans.  Some are always there but never as obnoxious as they are when in large numbers.  
Usually have a decent drink special, I do wish there was a slightly bigger emphasis on local beers considering the Charlotte craft beer explosion taking place, but you can always find one or two. No real complaints, great place, great location.  If only it was a little closer I'd probably venture here more regularly as opposed to just Sundays.笑
Was initially very excited having a chain Resturant so close to home and then I went there. The beer selection is very large but the menu is not large at all. The food is only so so. The thrill is gone.笑
My wife and I were meeting a friend's family for dinner to celebrate an occasion.  I ordered a half dozen steamed oysters and a half pound of steamed shrimp as my meal.  The shrimp came out way too early, long before any of the other orders.  The shrimp were grossly undercooked, and the shells were still quite attached to the meat.  As I attempted to peel the 2nd shrimp I got halfway and decided to leave it and ask for a re-order.  The shrimp I attempted to peel had lost its tail and was pretty mangled from my peel try.  When the plate came back, I noticed that it was the exact same order I sent back, mangled tailless shrimp included.  I then asked to speak to a mgr., who was apologetic and promised a new order that he would personally observe being prepared.  I explained to him that a properly cooked shrimp should slip easily from it's shell, which neither order so far had.  He profusely apologized and offered a 3rd order at no charge.  I also explained to him that a good chef should be aware of the 'doneness' of the foods he serves.  He said that they cook by use of timers, and he would review with his staff their procedures.  I replied that a real cook must often test dishes for degree of doneness  by testing; much like throwing a spaghetti noodle against a wall to see if it sticks.  When they arrived (by now I was neither hungry nor in the mood and everyone else had long since finished their meals) they were only slightly more done than the first 2 orders.  I pushed the plate away and we continued our conversations until we parted ways.  Never.  Again, Hickory Tavern.  Worst.  Shrimp.  EVER.笑
Service is soooo slow.  There were eight servers standing around.  And we could r get any of them to make eye contact.  So sad.笑
Average sports bar with really poor customer service. Front of the house is friendly but incompetent and kitchen pumps out average food. Went on a Friday night, 40 minute wait and at least ten tables open - either they have no clue how to manage the front of the house or the kitchen has no idea how to handle volume. Either way there are many more and better options nearby (Dilworths and Midwood for example).笑
We were looking for a casual bite where we could bring our senior dogs and have a libation as well. We were most excited to see Hickory Tavern in Ballantyne had two outdoor patios - one was empty, we assume that it was perhaps the non-smoking patio. Our waitress, Kelsi (sp?) was right on the ball and a lovely person. The food we ordered (one quesadilla appetizer & one smothered chicken) was quite delicious and the substantial leftovers were dinner the next evening. The manager came out to say hello as well as they prepared for a big "game night" crowd. A very nice quiet and casual dining experience (it would not have been that way inside which was hopping, music blasting).  We enjoyed our dining experience and will be back.笑
Another great night at Hickory in Ballantyne!!!
I just love this place!!!! Recently moved here from south Florida and it wasn't hard finding "the spot"!!!  Great experience from the managers, to the food, the drinks and best of all the servers!!!! Love love love Justyne and had the pleasure of meeting Alison tonight!! They're both amazing!!!!!!!! I've been here every Friday since August of 2015!!! :)

Updated review above:

I usually update my reviews when I'm taking back a star but tonight is an exception.   I want to thank Justyne for taking such good care of us!!!! My friends and I are regulars and some of the servers have waited on us several times..no big deal.  Justyne served us a few weeks ago and she not only remembered us but remembered our beer!!! She's on point with customer service and we will request to sit at her section the next time we're there!!!!!


Original review is below:

We always have a great time here!!! Meet some friends for dinner and drinks!! Order the Chicken Colorado!! It was delicious - grilled chicken breast with a bit of bbq sauce, bacon and melted cheese.. I know it sounds busy but it's so good.  The whole table ordered the same dish. Lol
Not to mention - I had my favorite beer in the world.  Red Oak Hummingbird!!! 
Good times!!!笑
All you can eat crab legs not worth $40!  After the third cluster they start bringing out SCRAPS that you have to pick thru.  When we asked the server about this, she said that's their policy....so they do this by design??!!  After that they bring out small, old looking pieces with hardly any meat in them.  The french fries and hushpuppies are one serving only.  Several other places around (for less money) serve consistent quality crab legs throughout the whole meal.笑
Fabulous food and variety on the menu along with a tv on every possible spot equals a great sports experience ! The waitstaff are accommodating  and the food is delicious ... Everything from ahi tuna to fish tacos to fabulous steak salads they have it all .笑
My 4 girlfriends and I came here after work on a Wednesday and the service was great. And the manager George, was amazing!!!  Took such good care of us and we all had a great time!!' You should come here and ask for George!!笑
Walking distance from my cousin's apartment and it has the college football games (plural) we want to watch? Duh, we're going there for lunch.

A cousin clan of 14, they let us move the high tables around so we can all sit with each other. There's nothing that necessarily stands out food-wise here. It's your average sports bar and grill: burgers, chips & queso, tacos, sandwiches, etc.

They do have local brews, which was cool for us out of towners to try. And when I say "us," I really  mean my brother, boyfriend, and other cousins. Me? I don't drink beer. Pretty cool spot to watch a game... or attend trivia on Tuesday nights! I saw the ad by the bathroom and SO wished I was in town for that. Darn.笑
They switch over to the late night menu before 11.the waitress said there wasn't enough people to have the full menu.  I counted 31 people. Guess they need 50 before the manager decides to offer the regular menu. 

Late night starts around 10ish!  .... ie 10 items mostly appetizers at 10:20pm. Slow service not much to choose from drab atmosphere.  Waitress was nice,  but don't think I'll be back anytime soon.笑
Great place to watch games! Have been twice in past week. Service very good both nights. Love the house made potato chips with ranch, especially when they come out piping hot. Must order those! Chicken sandwich was just meh - chicken was very chewy in the middle and kind of turned me off from eating it. French dip sandwich was VERY good and good quality roast beef. The price for a side salad is a little much ($6.29) for what it is, but at least it comes with a tasty pastry. All in all its a solid restaurant for watching games with a nice, big feel and many big screens.笑
Had a great time ! Started with hummus and a dales pale ale and then moved on to lobster roll and tots of me & shrimp and grits for wife. All while watching MI VS OH笑
I was surprised at how good the food was!  Most of the time sports bars or known for "bar food" but this was actually GOOD!  I went w/ co-workers so we had pretty much all of the appetizers on the menu.  Highly recommend the sweet potato fries and the crab dip.  Chicken fingers w/ honeymustard was redic!! (that's a good thing)   Food was served hot.  Great place to watch a game or two...or three!  And if you ladies aren't feelin' the sports bar vibe...it's only a hop and a skip to Cru Wine!!!  Just sayin....笑
Local craft beer? Check.
Daily food specials, including an oyster day? Check.
Good bar food? Check.
Lunch menu? Check.
Dog friendly patio? Check. 
Dozens of TVs and crazy large pulldown screen for football? CHECK.

This is one of my favorite Hickory Tavern locations. Its on my side of town, the food is always on point, and you can get good beer, fast. Is it pricier than my average neighborhood go-to? Yes. But! Don't fret, my pet - They have NC specials once a week, bringing your local favorites to $3.50 and I think there's a night or two where all drafts are cheaper. They have a TON of taps and a full bar, something for everyone and you can tell that the favorites stick around. I've been here a few times on oyster night - oysters on the half shell are .75 cents each and shrimp are .50 cents each - order any amount you like! They'll bring over all of the plates, little forks, crackers, hot sauce, etc. 

One of the two patios has those roll up garage doors for the fall and spring - let's be honest, no one wants to roll those up in the summer. Darn NC blazing hot summers.... 

This is a huge place, you can usually find me in the bar area - I know, you're really surprised by this. They also have a more family friendly, sit down booth area. They buy the expensive sports package, so you can come here to watch football, or a UFC fight - they show just about every big sports event.  Hickory is a chain, but a good option when you're not looking to go too far out of the Sports Bar box.笑
Very impressed.  I have been in this shopping center dozens of times yet this was my first visit to the Hickory Tavern.  I had no expectations yet I was very pleasantly surprised.  We were greater and seated promptly.  There were more than enough TV's with several sporting events.  The food was great.  My kids loved their naked wings.  My wife's blackened shrimp tacos were excellent.  My Korean BBQ tenders were amazing.  I liked the sauce which had just the right amount of spice.  Next time I will get the sauce on the side to avoid the breading getting soggy at the end, though it was still really good.  The highlights for me were the food truck tater tots and the service.  Our server was friendly, prompt, and responsive.  It made for a great family dinner at the Hickory Tavern.笑
We have been to this location 3 times and 2 out of 3 kitchen was so backed up that we waited 40 minutes or more after ordering for food. Left this time without eating. Manager didn't do anything when we brought it to his attention. In fact he seem sarcastic when he commented that we should come again. What a putz. 
Other Hickory Tavern locations should worry about this one giving them a bad reputation.笑
Chicken wings were over cooked. Sent them back for properly cooked and charred. Not much better. Big change from a year ago when wings were good.

Ice tea was good.

Service was excellent.

Tab with tip for 10 plain Jane wings charred with tea and 20% tip was $19.00. It will be a cold day in h---  before I ever order wings there again.笑
I have only been here once and can't even remember specifically without looking at a menu what I ordered. But, it was among the best hamburgers I have ever had in my life!
I have been to a few sports bars for football games as such and the food is always what you would expect out of sports bar. And while I'm not sure if Hickory Tavern is considered a sports bar or not, the food is certainly above par for what you would expect out of similar places.
I have no problems going back.笑
So I have lived next to Hickory Tavern for about 8 years. When I first started going there it was awesome. It felt like a local bar. All the bartenders new your name, had your drink ready for you, just a good place to go. After Dan the GM, left it started to go down hill a little. Slowly but surely it has gotten worse.  Way over priced, service is awful, and the food is just so so.  The staff make you feel like you are bothering them, if you ask for something.  Only real good thing about Hickory is the TVs. Lots of them. It's just too corporate for me now.笑
My favorite of all the Hickory Taverns in Charlotte. Great atmosphere, plenty of room in both the dining room and bar, great beer selection, and always a place to watch any sporting event on TV. The food is good, especially the oysters, salads, and tacos. The only potential drawback is the staff. You'll either get somebody who is experienced and great, or somebody who is struggling. It's definitely a place to check out, especially if you're looking for a laid back place that can handle a group or want to catch a game on TV.笑
Good bar for food and drinks. We always stop by when we are in town for business. The potato chips are addicting and the sweet potato fries are my favorite. I don't know what they drizzle on top but it's like crack. Cravin some now!笑
I stopped in Hickory Tavern on Friday night with my boyfriend and some of his coworkers and was pleasantly surprised with our visit! 

It was a pretty large party but they pulled one tables together and we had two waitresses ready to take our drink orders! We ordered a little bit of everything beer, wine, margaritas and of course shots! And everyone's drinks came out quickly...which surprised me because this placed was super packed!!! I guess it's too be expected since this place seemed like the perfect go to spot for game day tons of TVs everywhere with different games on each one! 

We ordered some appetizers wings, chips and salsa and cheese sticks all pretty standard but very good. 

For our meals we had a little bit of everything...just a few things I remember from our table were the chicken tenders, burgers, sandwiches and crab cakes...and they all looked super delicious! I went with the Smothered Chicken which was a chicken breast, Mushrooms & Onions Sautéed with white Wine Garlic Butter, Jack Cheese and for the sides I chose a loaded baked potato and side salad. It came out HOT!! I really enjoyed the chicken, it was very tender and moist! I would recommend it! 

We all left stuffed and happy....it was a good visit... Totally recommend this place and look forward to returning.笑
Great bartenders, good drink specials.笑
Average average average.
It's just your average place the food is good not great but it's expensive.
Not great parking but it could be a lot worse.
Make sure you don't bring a pick up truck there because last time I got keyed out in the parking lot people there do not like pick up trucks so be careful y'all笑
I do not share the excitement of Rebekah for this place.  Why is it a sports bar has to look weathered, dirty and old.  I swear people design these places trying to make it look like it has been there forever.
Okay, so that is the decor which is just so... well... un-exciting and predictable.
The food.  Hmmm... see above.  un-exciting and predictable.
Service was okay.  The staff seems engaged and want to do a good job but I swear (and I know I am harping back on the decor) the decor sucks the life out of you.  Where is the energy?  Excitement?

When I look for a place to catch a game, I want a good TV, lots to view at, good food (doesn't have to be great, just good), cold beer and servers that care and try.

I will end up trying this again because of friends driving me there... but not my top choice.笑
So, I am on my way to the gym saw this place driving by.it's rainy Sunday almost four in the afternoon.so,I am like the gym is open 24/7 why rush? Go get some wings and oysters, flush it down with bloody Mary and then go on the treadmill.Make sense, right.I checked my swag and walked in. Warm welcome by summer-dress-tanned-hostess.many tvs, protectors, huge row tables and cool crowd. fresh oysters, and you must try charred wings.aamazying! Not very big draft selection but great atmosphere! It keeps raining, but I am going to the gym regardless!笑
Good place for a drink and some snacks.  The oysters are awesome.笑
Had the seafood bayou plate with salmon.

Tasty rice, decently healthy steamed veggies, and the shrimp were tasty.

Fish was a little salty for my taste...笑
Great place with tons of choices and both a bar type area with high tops, great for watching games on the flat screen tvs as well as a more quiet area with tables for small to large groups. The make-your-own salad was fantastic - fresh ingredients and lots of options - as was the California chicken sandwich. But the best part about it was our server Alison. Super friendly and attentive. She gave great advice when we asked for suggestions too. Would definitely recommend.笑
Friendly place to go for drinks.  The menu has a variety of items to choose from. Everything is prepared fairly quickly and tastes good.  They make a mean rum and coke!  It's a casual but fun atmosphere, the tvs are always on playing whatever sporting event is happening that particular day. Sometimes it can be packed, but generally it's not overwhelming.笑
Overrated applebees. The menu was fine and they seated us (table of 7) quickly. Nothing special but for the picky eaters (chicken fingers and fries) it was a win.笑
Met some clients here for dinner after work. Got there a bit late, so the waitress was just bringing out everyone else's dinners. However, apparently they got all the custom made salad orders wrong. I learned quickly and ordered a signature salad: the fiesta salad. 

The fiesta salad has BBQ chicken, corn, black beans, romaine, and mexi-ranch dressing. The flavors were all great, but the chopped chicken pieces were awkwardly large as a bite, and the chicken::BBQ ratio wasn't quite right. Smaller pieces please!

Also, the sound was a bit loud for cross-table conversation. This seems to be a trend in some of my recent reviews... maybe I'm just getting old :(笑
So I've been here enough to be crowned "The Duke" on my handy dandy Yelp app.  I like it here because it's an affordable place for me to take my kids and get a decent meal.  Let's face it, it's not the Capital Grille and I know what I'm getting when I go.  Apparently they're doing well since I see they're now building a new location closer to my house.

I've figured out that I really like their burgers.  Hickory Honey Burger seems to be my favorite.  I like to order it with one of their awesome side salads (for an additional $2.50 upcharge) which is worth every penny IMO.  The only problem is that they absolutely, positively cannot manage their ticket times well enough that I can enjoy my salad.  It comes out and within 2 minutes I get my burger.  PEOPLE THIS ISN'T RIGHT!!!  Now I'm forced to rush through my salad, which I really enjoy, so I don't have a cold burger waiting for me on the backend. 

I explained this to both waitresses who didn't seem to understand what I was talking about or why I was unhappy.  Perhaps it was my sarcastic tone, I don't know.  Last night she took my burger back and set it under the heatlamp until I was ready, now I have a crappy burger.  

Next time I will bring a timeline on how shit should be served and hand it to the waitress so I don't walk out with a case of heartburn from rushing through my meal.笑
Best place to watch the games in a Ballantyne. Great Food and drink specials. Big Bar area with first come first served seating. Friendly and cool staff.笑
This is a great place.  In fact, it's the "go to" place for the group of friends we hang out with usually.  

The pros include the people (meaning a fantastic crowd on most nights), the food has always been good (wings, burgers, quesadilla, nachos, sliders, etc.), a great selection of beers, and a ton of tv's to catch the game from every seat.

The cons include a little of the decore issue William mentioned.  Yes, it's a little predictable.  Also, it's not the cheapest bar you'll find.

Basically though, we don't go to bars/restaurants to enjoy the decor on the walls.  They're not trying to be some quaint joint that attracts a specific eclectic demographic.  This is a large suburban bar who attracts a broader spectrum of customer.  They do it right.  We go for the gathering of old friends and to meet new friends.  We also go to eat, drink and catch a game.  Regarding the prices, if you don't want to spend $4 for a beer, there are many other places in South Charlotte, but you won't get what you get here.

I've actually frequented their location on Providence Rd. many times as well.  Neighter location calls themself a sports bar, but they're the best sports bar near where I live.

In summary, I recommend it as a casual hangout with friends to eat, drink and catch a game.笑
Very nice outdoor patios ( they have two ). A lot of TVs. Nice beer selection ( 92 to be exact ). A very nice relaxing atmosphere. Menu has something for everyone. California Burger with avocado is very good.笑
We ate at the new location in Indian Land tonight. Very busy but we were seated right away in the bar area. Plenty of help so the drinks and food were brought out really fast. We had a Shrimp Po Boy and a French Dip. They were excellent BUT the rolls were really small for the $13 & $14 prices. We voiced our concerns to the friendly waiter who said he would confer them to the management. We will try again in a few weeks and see if the rolls have increased in length. If not, we surely will not be regular customers.i笑
Great food and good service. No complaints about this restaurant. Environment is friendly and the food was prepared in a decent amount of time.笑
Pretty good stopped in visiting from out of state. Got their signature lobster roll dish with chips. Definitely an east coast fav for me. Came in pretty late so I expected that I might get hurried out but not the case. Food was brought out very fast and staff was extremely pleasant. I savoured that meal for all it was worth and crave it now that I'm back home笑
Delicious. Burgers.

Rebekah is right about the atmosphere, but William does make the point about the decor. However, I dunno what happened with William's experience but BOY, was it tasty!!! I went with family and ordered the Mushroom/Onion/Swiss burger, Hickory Honey burger, and Chicken quesadilla. All were fantastic and full of flavor! The burger (M.O.S.) was the winner with a full, robust, mini-cake sized beef patty and the most gooey Swiss that melts in your mouth. Yes sir, that is tasty. Oh, and the fries were a meal alone. They were thick, rustic cuts of potato the size of fingers(yes, fingers. I measured) with light seasoning. Again, yes sir! THAT'S TASTY!

Umm please note that my family members ordered the other stuff. I'm not a professional eater. But if I was, I would come here for training.笑
The Hickory Tavern is a solid local chain to go to for some good pub food. I go here a lot and have eaten pretty much everything on the menu. I will highlight a few of the ones that are my favorites and some I don't recommend!

Chicken Quesadilla 5/5- Comes with a jalapenos, sour cream, etc. to add into the quesadilla if you want!
Charred Plain Jane wings 5/5- AMAZING. They are such a hit with anyone I've ever gone here with
Lobster Roll- 5/5 My Go-to item... I swear its the best one in town. You wouldn't expect it either. The bread is tasty and the price can't be beat
Crab dip- 3/5 Average
Sliders- 3/5
Tavern Potato Chips- 5/5 the sauce is addicting!
Chips and Queso- 3/5
Black and Blue Burger- 5/5
Chicken Colorado-5/5
Tavern Salad-5/5

The service has been solid at all of the locations I have gone to. Most of the time, it has been excellent! It has always been excellent here!笑
Hickory Tavern has always been an up and down experience for me, but recently they have came a long way with their food. I've noticed probably about  two months or so ago they changed their menu a little bit and added the "build your own salad" concept. I love it! The salad options are out of this world and it arrives in a perfect portion tin bowl (to keep it cold). The salad is chopped all together with the dressing mixed in. The options are amazing because you are able to create so many different varieties of salads. Other than their salad options, I have eaten their burgers, chicken sandwiches, and wings. I have never had any issue with their food and for a bar type atmosphere, differently recommended. They have more T.V's than any bar I have ever been too, so watching a game is never a problem. One problem is the service. We always tend to sit at the bar because the servers take forever to come by the tables. Other than that, I love it! I'm about to move to Orlando and I will miss my Hickory Tavern food!笑
This is a sports bar and grill. We just flew into Charlotte for the weekend.  They have a great draft beer selection, our favorite was the Hickory Ruby Red lager! We had lunch there today,  and a late night drink last night. Our food was delicious, try Linda's turkey sandwich.
The service was fast and very friendly.  Very clean bathrooms.  Inexpensive.  We will definitely go back.笑
Great experience.  Traveling from out of town, and took a chance on this place.  The food was mostly bar food, but very good.  I had fish tacos, my husband had wings and the kids had burgers.  We were all very pleased with our food.  Our waitress was super nice and very attentive.  We loved the atmosphere.  I bet there were 25 TV's including several huge TV's.  The kids loved that there was a skee ball machine and a basketball machine.  The basketball got stuck and the manager came over, climbed on the machine to get the ball, and then gave the kids money to play another round.  They thought that was awesome!  Overall very pleased with our experience.笑
Went there last night.  We waited ten minutes to get drink orders. I think this was a problem with no one being assigned to us.  Once we had a waitress the service was above board.  Great croissant bread.  The big problem was the kitchen.  My daughters chicken was not cooked all the way.  The manager came out and apologized and asked if she would like something else.  She just wanted the chicken, but when she got the cooked through version it was rubbery and salt soaked.  Worse part was the bill.  I was shocked to see not only were we charged for the chicken, but we were also charged over 7 dollars for 2 helpings of bread.  The bread was great, but not $7+ great. I've never been charged for bread. I was okay with a charge of a buck or two, but $7?  For the priceof the total meal we could have sat down at a good local restaurant and gotten much better food.笑
We used to go to the store in Providence, which was always pretty good, and if it wasn't they'd fix it. How to grab meal tonight at the location on Johnston Road. We ordered off the "food truck" menu, simple chicken with rice dish. It tasted like it was cooked last Sunday - chicken was dry and the rice was old. We asked for the sauces to be on the side but both came with one of them on the dish. I was hungry so I ate mine, but my friend sent hers back. Having tasted how dry and tired the meal was I figured my friend would look out by having hers cooked fresh, but I was wrong. She waded in with a few bites and then send it back; the manager came over and asked how the meals were and we told him and he did nothing. I couldn't be bothered to complain. But they have to fewer customers. OK place for a drink but they really Ought be embarrassed at the quality of the food they send out. The manager said chicken with rice was one of their most popular dishes.笑
Honestly feel like the food is all microwaved especially the food on the light night menu. The service is ok.笑
I recently visited Hickory Tavern for its Music Trivia night.  I thought it music and trivia but sadly it was just naming the title and artist after listening to 45 second sound clips. Still a decent time but I sucked and rode my team's coat tails. The establishment is huge and clean. There were several servers tending to our large party so getting drinks was not a problem. $4 tall Blue Moons isn't too shabby either.  Only thing I can hold against this place is that its more of a family restaurant than a tavern. The actual bar is pretty small compared to the size of the place and the sound system was close to being inaudible.笑
Let me preface this review by saying this is the only Hickory Tavern location in Charlotte that I would recommend.  I have had mediocre to abysmal experiences at every other location I have dined at (5+ other locations).  However this location always seems to get the job down.  They have recently revamped their menu and offer a decent selection and quality of food. As this place is primarily a sports bar the TV setup is always important, and they do an optimal job of providing ample TV's facing in easy to see locations. They also have a good projector setup in the dining area.  I would personally recommend the nachos, they serve you heapings of it that is impossible to finish alone.笑
Met friends and family for late night drinks. Excellent service and great beer selection, but the lone guitarist was too damn loud. You think he was playing for a crowd of hundreds, and there weren't more than 50 people. My ears hurt after hours of it. Even the wait staff agreed.笑
My friend and I went for an early dinner and drinks.  We were seated promptly and had excellent service right off the bat.

My friend and I both ordered wine (we wished we came on 1/2 off bottle night).

I made my own salad and my friend got the Brussels sprout and oysters (see pic).

Everything was really good and brought out fast.  We will be back!笑
The food is just ok. I've had better bar food overall. The place is large and there are lots of tvs, so it's overall I great place to watch sports.笑
Best location! Great service - Thanks Jason! Food was awesome! My favorite is the cedar salmon and Brussel Sprouts - I get it at every HT.  The salmon was excellent and the sprouts were crispy and cooked very tender.  Loved it!笑
good place to watch a game and friendly staff. Burger and sweet potato fries were pretty tasty笑
Burger was ok at best. Chicken wings were decent. Was only option in the area we were staying late at night.笑
We were staying at the Springhill Suites right across the road. Loved that we were able to just walk to dinner here at the Hickory Tavern (.1 mile walk)! 

We expected the place to be packed but it wasn't and we were seated immediately! This location seems way more spacious than the Winston one!

Food was excellent! We hadn't eaten all day and went with the small nachos to start. Huge portion for $6! Highly recommended! My husband and I both got the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and it was terrific. He then got an order of wings "to go" to have at the hotel later that night... Which he said were very good as well!

Service was friendly and fast!

We walked the plaza area after eating to help the food digest before heading back to the hotel. 

We had a great night! Would definitely return!笑
My first time here, because I'm from out of town. We went a little later in the night with family and I had fish tacos. They were very good and I loved the alcohol selection! My family and I had a fantastic time! Great atmosphere!笑
This is actually kind of classy for a sports bar.  They have a really nice interior with lots of TVs all around so sports fans can be sure to catch the game.  The service was really good, the waitress was really friendly and gave some really good suggestions.  The grilled chicken sandwich was excellent.  It tasted really fresh and wasn't overcooked like some chicken can be.笑
You can always  count on  Hickory  Tavern   to be open late on a  Sunday  night  and have a decent  menu . Thankfully  there isn't  any  karaoke  like Char Bar 7, where little  kids were singing  country  tunes and none of  the  staff cared if you wanted  anything  to  eat or drink.

Justine  is our server this  evening. She's  a  very  polite and professional  server. Our drinks were on the table  within  5 minutes  of  the  order  being  placed. Tonight  I'm  having  a  tavern  burger  medium with  fries and  thick cut bacon. My wife is  having  the  teriyaki  wings. The atmosphere  is casual  and medium noise  wise. The food  was  on the table before  I  knew  it  and it was delicious!笑
The overall experience was great. Went to eat and watch a basketball game as we were out of town.  The waitress did not rush us as we planned to be there awhile. Had the Shredheads appetizer from the food truck menu.  The only thing keeping this from a five star rating. The shredded potato overshadowed the limited bacon and cheese inside. Would most likely get another appetizer next time. The meals were great and a lot on tap to select from. Will definitely try the one closer to home.笑
I've never really walked away from this place thinking "OMG, that was an awesome meal".  But that's ok, it's not really built to suit like that.  What it does do really well is provide for some late night grub and some friendly staff.

Decor is your typical sports tavern style with memorabilia adorning the walls and TV's located everywhere.

My most recent visit was a late night one where I just wanted a good meal and not too much fuss.  The waitress we had was almost happy to see us and that in and of itself was pretty amazing because I know if I was working into the wee hours like that I'm not sure I would have had the same perkiness.  Oh well, she was happy to oblige with our orders and the chicken sandwich I ordered came out perfectly cooked and was devoured!笑
The Taven Burger with bacon was done nicely. Good char and flavor. @ $11
The wings are what we came for.... we wanted grill wings and there's an upcharge for such a pleasure. Geeessshh. 
50 cents more for 6 wings. 
$1 more for 12 wings. 
The grilled wings are good and I can't say they are worth the up charge but until I find another place in town that will actually grill them then looks like we're stuck. 

Got acquainted with the place due to a Yelp event. But forgot they are right at Midtown so that'll be our go to location. 

They offered daily specials even a Pimento sandwich and chips deal for $3 during the Masters. I'm not into mayo based cheese but I will say I love that everyone around here knows it it a big deal and offers it.笑
My husband and I came here with a couple of friends to watch the basketball playoffs. Silly us, because it was also the All Star Race before the Coca-Cola 600. They had all of their large TVs devoted to the drivers walking around in their fancy pants suits...yay....

They do have a nice selection of cider, for a pretty good price (most under $5). They have your typical bar food, which is typically pretty good. 

During the week they have a drink special, but all in all this place is a take it or leave it, we came because it was convenient type place.笑
Been here a few times so far and it's by far the best!  Love it!  Especially with Ashley! She is amazing!  Total gem and I would request her from now on.  She is beyond great!笑
I haven't been In hickory tavern in quite a while.... Thought I would try it again. Well the server was not attentive at all, the food came out and the bun on a chicken sandwich was soaking wet. I sent it back and the manager came over 10 min later to ask if I wanted anything else, I would have thought that it would have been quicker than that. The server gave us the check before we were done which I thought was strange. She never came over to refill our drinks but was sure she gave us the check. That was a surprise but the biggest surprise was the bill, a burger and two teas came to over $17 which was very surprising. I won't be back笑
I gotta say to the guy Richard S that he is way off base.  I actually sat in Brandy's section tonight by myself and could not been treated better.  I travel a lot and regularly sit by myself and have to say she offered excellent service that was timely and very friendly.  As far the place, the grilled wings are awesome!  Great job Brandy and Hickory Tavern!笑
I was asked to organize an informal dinner gathering for our office, and decided to go with Hickory Tavern. We had between 25 - 30 people RSVP so, I wanted to make sure to choose a place that served something for everyone.  The menu is good in this respect - plenty of appetizer options, salads, sandwiches, and all sorts of entrees. 

They pulled several tables together for our group, and the only downside was that the tables were all in a line so it was a bit tough to socialize with folks at the other end of the table. I am not sure how to best configure the tables,  but I didn't really like the way it was set up.  

The only other problem was that we had 2 servers assigned to our table, but we still found the service to be a little hit or miss.  I expected a much higher level of service for a "corporate outing" where we were ordering plenty of drinks, apps, and dinner.

The other disappointing thing is that we had our event on a Thursday night, so there was some sort of ladies night event going on.  This would not be a problem, except there was an abnormal amount of bar noise and constant annnouncements over a PA system.  This wasn't very conducive to conversation at the table.  I would consider giving them another shot for a future outing, but I would definitely avoid the ladies night and would want to check out how to better set up the tables for a group event.笑
I visited with 1 friend/coworker, a 3rd party coworker, and a friend from the area. We shared an order of dumplings which were tasty. My friend loved them, but I was disappointed because they were fried and I expected steamed which I like better.  We also shared an order of crab dip which was mediocre, and there wasn't enough pitas for the dip, which always seems to be the case.  We ordered Seafood Bayou - which was Blackened Tilapia & Shrimp over Tavern Rice with Cajun Alfredo, Tomatoes,
Scallions & One Side.  My friend loved it, I just thought it was edible.  The fish didn't taste fresh, so I'm sure its just frozen, and the blackened seasoning tasted more like jerk to me. The rice tasted like one of those rice mixes you get at the grocery store.  The 3rd party got a quesadilla which was rare for her because all she eats is burgers and fries, she seemed to enjoy it.  I would try it again, but not for seafood, maybe for wings or one of the salads.笑
What a place. I haven't had oysters this good since I lived in Florida . This is THE place to watch football. I drive from Forest City to eat and watch games here.笑
If want a place to go watch a game and have better than most bars for food and real good service...this is the place for sure.

Lots of good TV's, good beer selection at decent prices (specials).  The food is good and sandwiches well above average.  Service has been great every time I have been there.

Casual atmosphere and nicer than most taverns.笑
Hello to all that follow me, and the ones that don't I say cheers! since I now currently live in NC from CA, I always say thats where the culinary taste really REALLY evolved..there aren't many places that I have patron that live up to 1 customer service, 2 quality, 3 timing, 4 presentation, 5 taste... so with that said.. I cant out the "presentation" part aside as this is comfort food.. but it was presented nicely... BUT the customer service, and the taste of the food really won it for me.. I had a chicken sandwich with fries..doesnt sound too elaborate, but it was awesome!! I ordered.. the meal came like 15 minutes.. and all of the food was hot at the same time! thats a big deal for me.. i cannot tell you how many spots i go to and order, the sandwich comes out hot, but fries/side dish is ...warm..that incredibly saddening.. but NOT HERE..and the drinks were on point!! one of their bartenders..arrggghh!! i cannot remember his his name, but I can say, i believe  he is of Asian decent.. he was super cool, and incredibly professional..overall I give this place 5 stars.. I live in paw creek... so this is not around the corner..but this is one of my new favorite places... if your looking for a very kool, spot for sporting events.. you will NOT regret!笑
Stopped in for lunch. Ordered a rueben and fries. Food was hot and delivered quickly. Server was on point. Was in and out in about 30 minutes. Will definitely stop back in if I'm ever in that neighborhood again.笑
Headed her to watch the Panthers go 14 & 0 (which they did).  Lively atmosphere and some pretty good food options.  The service was adequate as well.  If you go on a game night though, be expected to give your phone number and they will text you when your table is ready.  There is also an app you can download to tell you where you are in line.  Comfy place--I like it.笑
Nice hickory tavern. Great for kids with all the tvs around. Food was done well. Nachos are great to share but we got a large and that was way too much for just two people. It would be great for a table though. The house salads are very good.笑
Our happy-hour stomping ground, this location has great service and drinks. Great spot to watch a game as well!笑
Pleasently surprised with this place since we didnt know it was chain until afterwards.  
started offs-
crab dip-3 
potstickers-4
meal
both had Seafood Bayou-blackened tilapia and shrimp over tavern rice with a cajun alfredo, tomatos and scallions.    For a side I had a salad which had all kinds of goodies in it!  Salad-5 entree-5.   
Overall rating=4.  I would go back to this place anytime and overlook the fact that its a chain.  At least its a chain I don't have near me!  
Dessert=beer笑
We had a great first visit. The atmosphere was good (probably great for a sporting event as they had lots of TVs) and the food was great. I had Cedar Salmon and Oreo Cheesecake and my wife had Shrimp and Grits with Chocolate Tavern Cake. We enjoyed it and look forward to a future visit.笑
This is the first restaurant I've been to that doesn't have mashed potatoes. Decent food though.笑
Great place to watch any sporting event . The have almost every fight. We came in for a UFC fight Jones vs Texteria. We had a great table not that there is a bad table with as many tvs as they have . The service was good and they had good drink specials.

Tough to find places airing pay per view that do not find a cover. So while this isn't close to home we will definitely be back for a fight.笑
Great place for dinner with kids. Great kids menu with choices other than fries for sides. Staff was very nice and food was very good! T.V.'s everywhere! Nicely priced笑
My local drinking hole! I love this place! Just a perfect balance most of the time! Except UFC NIGHT. No one can handle that many d-bags in one area at a time! AFFLICTION OVERLOAD! But serious ballentyne and prov. Rd location are my people love y'all!笑
Love me some hickory BYOS!!!! Love the place and great attention, plenty of beer selection! 
Also, wednesday its wings-day from 0,60$!笑
Nice hangout place. We usually sit in the bar area. Tvs are everywhere. I love their chicken wings with hot sauce. Tavern salad is so good! Large portion and has everything you could want in a salad. Mexi ranch is spicy! Nachos are huge and filled with cheese and chili. Chili in a bowl is delicious. Shrimp tacos are awesome. Never had the shrimp and grits but heard they were awesome. Only downfall about this restaurant is the menu changes a lot.笑
Food is good here and they always seem to have my favorite draft craft beer here. Their chocolate cake is so good. Need a gallon of milk to go with it. It is for those addicted to chocolate.笑
We were very frustrated with our visit. While it was a weekend night, it wasn't very crowded. It took 20 minutes for the hummus to come out. Everything else just took longer and longer. The food was just blah. We paid a lot, and waited a lot for what we got We probably won't go back.笑
Very nice place to have a few beers and bar food on the patio. The bar and wait staff are very friendly and accommodating. The setup is very open and never feels congested. Definitely one of the better HT properties in the area!笑
So a friend and I went to enjoy a nice girls night out. We walk I and there are 4 hostesses standing and gossiping. They proceeded to look at us and then continue to talk. It wasn't until the manager was doing there rounds and noticed we hadn't been helped. 
This isn't the only time this has happened. Very rude and unprofessional.笑
This has been one of my favorite spots for years but I am sorry to say as of tonight I will not be going back.  The house vodka (Relska) cocktails were obviously watered down.  Ron, the manager, half way attempted to help and compensated a couple of  drinks, but the end result was less than stellar.  Eventually ordered two chardonnays to try and get a slight buzz as the four previous vodka cocktails provided none. Our group, who have been meeting here regularly for years, have agrees to chose a new spot for future gatherings.  Such a shame.  This used to be a great convenient place to meet friends for cocktails and appetizers.  No more.笑
Great Food, Great Service, Great atmosphere. Always have a drink special. Always enjoy going to Hickory Tavern. The wings are great and if you want a twist to wing flavors pick two flavors and they'll mix them. Great place to meet for business or just to hang out.笑
Seafood.

'Nuff said. Had Oysters on the half shell and fresh local tap beer and got out for under $20.  Came back a week later and had fresher oysters and a lobster roll that you could not see the bread for the lobster running over the darn thing.  Two beers and we still got out for less than $25.  

Sports on several big screens going on at the same time as the big event for the evening on the projector TV.

Eat, drink, be merry, REPEAT!笑
Terrible experience.   Brandy is perhaps the worst waitress I have ever encountered.  Food is average at best.  Do not bother, there are a lot of other options in the area.笑
Great sports bar. Place is big, service was great and the pretzel app was good. Can't really give a 5 to a sports bar but this was close.笑
Unfortunately didn't enjoy the food at this hickory tavern. I ordered the humus as an appetizer and the smokehouse burger with chips. I also ordered sweet tea to drink. The Only thing i liked was the humus and it was very tasty. The sweet tea was way too sweet and I had to order an unsweet tea to mix with it. The smokehouse burger had a bad after taste like it was fried in old grease. The burger was about $12.00 and doesn't compare to local burger places that easily put this to shame. The service started friendly but took extremely long times to get the food (20 minutes) after appetizer and over 10 minutes to bring the check. So, I would say if you like to drink beer, this place may be great. However, for food, I would recommend something different.笑
Friendly place with above average bar food and excellent service. 

We went to check out a BBQ place but thanks to an outdated GPS we headed to the now closed Sticky Fingers. We were hungry and checked this place out instead. I had the pulled pork burger which is a large portion of BBQ restaurant quality pulled pork on top of a burger and was very impressive. This came with a side of homemade potato chips and I had some excellent sweet tea to accompany. We also had the pulled pork quesadilla appetizer and recommend that as well.

This isn't a must try place but I'd check it out if you're in the area as it was a tasty meal with very friendly service. I didn't get a beer but they also seemed to have a decent selection here.笑
Great wings and I highly recommend the fiesta salad.  The waitstaff was very attentive, and the manager (George) even stopped by to make sure we were comfortable.  Ask for the cinnamon toast shots!